UNDER THE VERANDAH. What lias become of the map makers who during the past year made the pages of the daily papers gay with their illustrations? What has becomo of the syndicate promoters who so brilliantly <-_orcd theso maps, and held out the Jiope oi tortunc to everyone with courage enough t renturo his all in an allotment within 10 lies of the city ? Aud what will become ol the poor public who believed in the map makers and syndicate promoters, and who have to face soberly this year the obligations they undertook when intoxicated with tlio excitement of 1888? Last year was "a very jolly year while it lasted, or at least till within tho last two or three months of it, when the bubbles began to burst. "What this year will he remains to he seen, but there is reason to believe that it will be a time of saving and pinching, of repenting at leisuro over hasty speculating, and of laying down footpaths with good intentions — that tho makers will wander from at the first oppor tunity. Many men are sadder for their experiences of 1383, but how many are wiser? How many fathers of families will resist tho sudden opportunities for wealth that will open this year, or tlio next, or the year after? How many bank or Government officials, with tlio warnings of 1888 before them, will prefer small savings and honesty to tho chance of a gambler's portion or the gaol? None of us can tell — none can say how the temptation may come or who may yield. The year is dead— long live the year ! May all of you, my friends, ho out of gaol, debt aud difficulty this day 12 months. A gentleman has been writing to tho papers to draw morals from "some late events." Ho considers that the feverish condition of puhlio life for tlie last year was a sort of providential working to separate tho goats of the commercial and official world from the sheep. "Many men are honest to the core and above temptation " he says, "while others are inherently dishonest, and only lack temptation to prove it." It was right, therefore, that opportunities should bo given to the very honest to prove their honesty, and to tho rogues who live amongst us unsus- pceted, and who only require a little temptation to betray their real character. " Men," says Morality, "are not to be called honest who are only to while not tempted, and the occurrence of circumstance's which tend to test thoir true character should not be lamented by thoso who feel it a moral duty to mark upon every oppor tunity tho important distinction between the honest and the dishonest." I remember once reading quaint old book in whioh thera was a request conveyed that wo might not bo " led into temptation " — or, ns the lawyers would say, words to that effect." If I a had copy of that book which, I fear, is now out of print, I should send it to "Morality." It might not do him good, hut it would afford him a chance for another letter against tlie immoral author. In a work written by Baron von Mueller, and published for " tlio Government of Victoria," a few years ago, it is distinctly stated that tlio Eucalyptus globulus "attains a height of 400 foot," while of tho Eucalyptus amyydalim it is written that it attains " not rarely a height of over 400 feet." In another work, compiled by Mr. Brough Rnyth when Secretary for Mines and printed and published by the Government printer, Baron von Mueller is given as the autho rity for tho statement that trees were measured within 10 miles of Healesvillc of the height of 480 feet, and Mr. Smyth confirms this by stating that among the ranges at the sources of tho Ynrra the E. amyydalina, "attains a height of quite 400 feet." Statements thus formally made by two high and responsible Government officers on matters of fact should bo capable of proof. Baron von Mueller appears to liavo evolved those giant gums out of his vivid imagi nation, for on the strictest search, and after the offer of a handsome reward, none of thcin can be found. Tho tallest tree that could bo found after months of search was one on a spur of the Baw Baw, 326 feet high, while the next to that was only 307 feet, and the commis sioners of our Exhibition who were looking for them have had to put tho 400 footers in tho class with the bunyip, Mrs. Harris and Fislicr's ghost. Supposing the Baron has got one of his numerous decorations for describing our big trees, is it right for him to retain it 1 My own private opinion is that the height of our gnms was magnified solely out of jealousy of California. In tho early fifties there was a sin gular feeling of rivalry felt in Australia against Californians and every thing belonging to this country, and very probably this insensibly affected Dr. Mueller. Wonderful stories came to us of the mammoth Segnoia, then known to Englishmen as tlie Wdlinytonii Gvjantca, which was said to be 450 feet high, aud conse quently the biggest tree in the world. Were we going to permit this ? With our magnificent goldfields, our unrivalled climate and our fruit ful soil, wore wo going to play second fiddlo to California in vegetable productions? Caleb Baldorston thought nothing of stretching things a littlo for the honor of tho family, and Messrs. Mueller and Smyth stretched our trees for the credit of the colony. Tlio motive may liavo been amiable, and it served its purpose for tlie teens. But it makes us look rather foolish when we have tlie inaccuracy of books prepared by Government officers and published at Government expense brought so forcibly home to us. Caleb Buldcrston never troubled him self when his stories were disproved, but it used to annoy Caleb's mister very much. There will not bo much difficulty in selling that land within tho catchment area of the Ynn Yean reservoir. No maps need be prepared, no band hired, no special train engaged, and no free lunch provided. All that the owners have to do is to advertise that they are willing to sell the whole 1200 acres in small building allot ments and the thing is done. If they add, "drainage perfect; slope of laud direct into tlie magnificent reservoir," the arrangement will be considerably hastened. Tlie judges were able to make short work of a nnisanco that interfered with them, but the men who make the judges would be powerless to . do anything except to buy out the people who threatened to pollute our water supply. Some noxious trades, established on this ground, would have the effect of ex pediting Mi'. Nitnmo's action. Landowners in country districts show a very eager desire to find out from the flying survey parties tho course the iron horse is likely to take through the bush, It is, however, strictly against orders to furnish any information to the public, and a circular was recently sent to ail railway surveyors directing thcin to caution their employes that a breach of tiiis rule would lead to severe punishment, " But," said young . ; Theodolite to his chief, "if we observe that rule strictly we'll starve. It's 25 miles to tho nearest store, and wo'ro dependent on old . Juinhuc, the squatter, for meat, milk, butter and vegetables. If wo tell him nothing he'll neither give nor sell us anything." "You can tell him as much as you like," was the reassur ing reply of the senior," so long as you take care not to tell him any truth ! " The Fitzroy bench have not a strong belief in the value of evidenco tendered on behalf of publi cans. A few days ago two casc3 caine before them in which publicans were prosecuted for Sunday trading. In the first a woman was seen ; on Sunday morning coining out with something . under her arm, which sho said was " a kitten," but which turned out to be a bottle of hocr. For tho defence, this woman, tlie publican, his daughter, and two lodgers all swore that tlio beer was purchased and paid for the night he- fore and left to be taken home on Sunday, but the magistrate showed their belief in tlie wit nesses oaths by fining- the licensee £10. In the other oaso a man swore that he bought two bottles of beer the night before, and loft them with a lodger to tako caro of, and tho lodger swore that this was correct. The benoh however, fiued the publican £5, a result .which was not flattering to the reputation for veracity of either the lodger or his friend. In theso cases it will bo noticed tho police did not see any money pass, nor did thoy see the liquor . sorvod. It would therefore appear that their worships decided to reject the evidouce from its Intrinsio improbability. In the first caso thera . were five witnesses swearing on ono side that the . beer was bought and paid for on Saturday night, : and none that it was paid for on Sunday, and ; y ot tho justices adoptod tho latter view. Which certainly looks as if thoir worships had not high idea of the value of an oath. Mr. Gladstone proposes that tho great Fowera should undertake to arbitrato on tho question J. of the restoration of the temporal sovereignty - of the Pope at Rome. There are two slight difHoultlos in the way ot this suggestion. In the first plaea, if the Powers gave it against tha Pope he would ignore tlioir decision, and declare that no matter what thoy said lie should have his temporalities. In the second, if it was given against tlie Italian Government, there would be precisely the same result. When Russia consents to arbitration on the claim of Poland to independence, Germany ns to whether the Rhine provinces shall go back to France, or England as to whether she will allow an Irish re|>ubHc, wo may expect to see Italy leave it to other nations whether she shall lose her capital. Pcrhnps, indeed, we may find the versatile "GrandOld Man"befora the century is over agi- -tating for a congress of the Powers to decide whether the Abboy lands of which Henry VIII. despoiled tho Church shall not be restored to his Holiness. Professor Bartholomew has come to grief, and I suppose that those who witnessed his mishap consider themselves in luck. To see a man drop from a height of 3000 or 4000 feet without being in any way injured, must be as disappointing as it was to the child who went to see the show man put his head into the lion's mouth and who complained that the lion "did not even bite his head off." The "professor" considers chat it was the lightness of our atmosphere that was responsible for his misfortune. He says that "tho air in the colonics is so much lighter than that which he experienced in his descents in America that he come3 down much faster here than his paracliuto would allow him to do in the States !" Perhaps the professor is not aware that Ballarat, where ho made his descent is more than 1400 feet over the sea level, winch is quite sufficient to account for the rarity ho complains of. X wouldn't have taken the trouble to correct this, but for the implied reproach on our atmosphere in his remarks. ATTICU3. 