JOHN VALE'S GUARDIAN. BR DAVID CHBISTIE MUBBAY. Author of " Val Strange," " Joseph's Coat," " Rainbow Gold," &c;> CHAPTER XXXVL " You do your business pretty Bmart, gatkr," said Isaiah, meeting Spelling a day or two after thn encounter between them last recorded. *°You don't let the grass grow under your f<.ec, you don't." "No," returned Spelling with a selfsatisfied diawl and smile. " When I know what I want, 1 pretty generally take it. I told you, you and me-would have a laugh." *' Let's nave it now," said Isaiah, with immovable solidity ot countenance. " Daadly funny, ain't it ?" ."1 closed my bargain," Saelling aaid, " the very day you spoke to me." '" Closed it ?" Isaiah echoed. " Yes, and opentd it too. I've been there, gafi'er. It's no nse drawing the wool over my eyes. £ reckon you've got your knife into Mr. JOJBserau." If Mr. JouBseraa wants the place," said Shelling cooly, " he cac have it by paying for it: 1 Bna.ll want to mate a bit out of my bargain. If he don't want it, I can find a a?e for it. The coantry-side'e opening up, and I can let the new house directly it'a finished. I've been to Tallymount and lqoked ove^'it, and I can make »ight 05 nine rooms habitable for fifty pounds. I can go aad live there, ifrao be yoar friend ain't willing to pay my price." in effect, it proved—Isaiah being entrusted .with the negotiations—that JouBaerau was by no means willing to pay the increased prioe Spelling set upon the property. He had been attracted by the picturesque look of the ruined honae and the wild luxuriance of the neglected garden, and almost as much as by these, by the extreme cheapness of tbe place. He laugned a little to think that in striving toi do him an ill turn, his overreaching rival had pinched his own fingers, and BO dismissed the whole matter from his thoughts. Knelling, finding the place thus left npon his hands, set to work to make its remaining chambers habitable; and when the glaziers and masons bad done with it, he furnished half-a-dozen rooms, and taking young John frpm Isaiah's tutleage, established himBelf in bis new home. The main road from Heydon Hey to Castle-Barfield ran by the rusty gates of iron scrollwork which afforded the only visible indication of the residence to the wayfarer. The house itself stood far retired at the limit of its own grounds. There were legends respecting it which might have deterred a nervous or imaginative man from making a home within the remnant of its shattered walls. The last Tauant who had lived there was currently reported to have led a life of unexampled wickedness, and had been killed in his own bed by lightning fifty years ago. The house had taken fire and had burned itBelf out. For half a century no effort had been made to rebuild or repair it; and the ghost of the wicked Squire, naturally and properly, was supposed to haunt the scene of his dreadful death and no less dreadful lite. The whole demesne waB surrounded by a lofty wall of the local stone, a coarse and splintery granite, whose harsh outlines the years had softened with mosses, grasses, wild flowers, and trailing plants, nntil its original barren ugliness was altogether lost and hidden under the luxurant touch of nature. Overlooking this wall on the western side there Biooti the fire-scarred relics of a turret, with one chamber intact, and above the tons of picturesque masonry, which seemed to hang together by a miracle. At the bottom of the turret was an arch of solid brickwork, which bad formed the main entrance to the tsar of the Hall, and Btill as bravely propped up ite burden as on the day when its copingstone was laid. A flight of stone stairs ran with a broad sweeping curve to the one tenantable room which this old aroh supported. ItB lower Bteps were taugled with blackberry vines; and wherever Nature's mine test finger could plant a seed in a crack, flourished some wild flower or grass-knot, until the solid slabs were forced by the soft insiiluooB pressure of sprouting seed and 8 welling root from their original lines. This turret, with its supporting arch, stood full thirty yards away from that remnant of the Hall in which Snelling had set up hia new abiding-place, and in the interval between the two, where the main part of the building had once reared its splendid balk, dogrose, bramble, and thistle and poppy, foxglove, fern, and quaker-grasBes, climbed or clung about the low walls of the ruin. From the first young John took a boyish fancy to the turret chamber, and there Will Gregg and he, as became two adventurous youthful spirits, enjoyed the long-drawn pleasures of many days, starvation npon rafts at sea, sustained protractcd sieges from invisible foes, took the Bcalpes of imaginary Indians by the bushel, and alternated the parts of Crusoe and Friday on a dewrt island of their own fancy's making. When the midsummer holidays came round in their season, the two boys almcBt lived there ; and Spelling, in some hope the plaoe might prove to be dangerous and come tumbling one of these fine days aboat their ears, left them in undisturbed enjoyment of it. t The man in theee dave seemed living on a whirlpool. His own thoughts bore him ronnd and round one dreadful centre, and his mind fixed itself always on the gulf that opened there, _wtth a crazy longing to be burled into it. His own projects were foiled on every hand: ai.d ha had upon him a constant sense of injury, which exasperated him madly." Everywhere his ward was responsible for his ill fortune; and the boy seemed to prosper in direct inverse ratio with his own hungry evil wishes for him. Proctor brought the most favourable intelligence aboat the discovered wealth on J ohn's estate. Unthinking friendly neighbours congiatulated him upon the find, solidly and heartily, meaning nim no evil. Suspicions neighbours congratulated him with an under-meaning in face and voice, and he was prone to read that under-meaning everywhere. Avarice, hate, revenge, swelled and seethed about the heel of that devil's craft he had embarked on, and though to hia own eye he Beemed no nearer to ite centra, every circle brought him nearer to it. His sonl plumbed its deptha at last, aod he had no fear of them. From the aenith to the horizon of tbe firmament under which his dark BOUI rode towards its dreadful aim, there shone no star, whether of pity or foreboding. Every man is two men at the least, and Bometimea in us the better creature stands aghast at the incredible promptings of the baser. In him the two had made insensible approaches, and aB it were without hie knowledge, and now at last they were of one accord. It waa by no act of his that John had choaen the lamp which might have put an end to his life by its explosion at a fitting time. It was by no act of his, again, that the boy had made his playroom of a chamber which a thoughtful man woald have looked at twice before he ventured to enter it. These were things for which he had no responsibility; bat might he help Providence ever so little, and by doing so make himself rich beyond old dreams, and pat that hated object out of sight without incurring ao much aa a breath of oensnre or snepici'on ? The house had been built two haudred years ago, in the daya when the work of men's hands was meant to last. The mortar seemed to have grown to be an actual part of the brickwork and masonry it held together ; bat the chamber Joha had chosen overhung ite supporting arch a little, and seemed to be held in its place by a mere cohesion of parte and half in defiance of gravitation. The two boys romped and rushed about there and never shook it; and Snelling watching their gambadoes sometimes from a distance, cursed the old builder's too honest 1 Could he help Providence a little? Ever so little ? A mere lice of bricks tafcen out from the interior of the arch, for example ? Taken oat one by one in the night-time, and replaced, nntil some night the whole thickness of the arch, one brick deep, should be easily swept away, and the chamber, with its saperincambent tons, should only wait the pressure of a foot to hurl it down ? Surely, Fate tempted aim. He knew, in hia own dull uninventive mind, that if he had set all his wits to plot a scheme, he could have discovered or invented nothing so Bimple, eo safe, so sure. Fate, fortune, luck, whatever name he chose to give it, had put this power within his hands. sHe went to bed with the thought clear in his mind. The whole house lay asleep while he tossed and tumbled with that hideous fancy for his sole companion. The house had been furnished hastily, and the blind of his bedroom window fell some Bix inches short of be sash. BO that on moonlit nights a gap of ight was there, breaking the grey dimness of he window's^ oblong. He lay and stared at t, and if in hia uneasy plungea, as some blunt par of conscience prioked him, he turned his ack upon it for a moment, an instant fear ook hold of him, and made him look once ore in that direction. Apointed, glittering, (hostly something reared itself like a crooked forefinger over the edge of ths window-sash, ike the peak of a ghost's head-dress, with phoephoi ic fires npon it; like an inexorable irirefinger that moved one way without reorse or pause; like the point of a sword ielded by some righteous spirit conecious of is purpose, and threatening from afar to hear bis soul in twain. No duller man, no un less fanciful, no man less conscious of the ell and heaven he carried in hia bosom, laid iB head npon pillow within tweuty miles hat night, and yet each and all of these trange fancies crossed his mind. He knew he while that the glittering point waB no bre than the horns of the crescent moon traversing the little space of exposed sky before him. He wculd have it for a forefinger that beckoned—hfe would have it so. It should mean that, and neither less nor . more. "It beckoned towards the rains. Hechose that it should be inexorable, afad having chosen eo, he needs must follow it,' Such- tricks can fancy play the dulleet embodiment of hate and avarice when the thoughts rise to murder. He rose, and moved about his'own chamber noiselessly, like a midnight thief. He dressed himself roughly, and carrying hia boots in hand, stole down the stairs. There he listened, with the darkness vast about him, and a whole blank black universe leaping at every heart beat with murder at his ears. His own purpose appalled him, but tbat waa nothing. Some insistent inward voice eeem«d to whisper that the thing was as good as done already. Some foolifeh perverted proverb of his youth was in his mind —"As well do )t HH think it"—a scrap of wisdom wrenched folly's uses. He found mat' r - •-, a lantern, and a stump of candle. The • - mn lock and harsher bolt shrieked warning as he opened the door with a laborious caution. He pulled his boots on outside, and trod with a thievish step upon the grass, not' dartcig to let 'the'loose and scattered gravel of the pathway prate of his whereabouts. Half way he paused and turned, remembering that his bare hands were useless against the' solid masonry. There rtad a leanto shed which held garden tools built oat. from the house, and here he found ihe broken prong of a pitchfork, as likely a thing to suit his purpose ae he could have expected. The door of the toolhouse h'nng upon p single hinge, and grated on the ground as he rsclbfeed ir. He trembled at the npiee, arid stood sweating and shaking for a fall minute, when • he bethought him to have eyery right toi>e-ahroad«-and-that the excaae of any fancied noise abont the groanda would easily explain hia presence there. Even now hie, waa resolute aqd collected enough to k^iow, however, that the work , of more than one night lay before hyn, and that hie being observed once only might' cast suspicion on him. No 6urcease iof caution then. Step lightly. Listen with throbbing ears that detect a tracking footstep in the echo of your oWn. Find y,our own harsh breathing suddenly cast afar and changed to the breathing of an uneeen watcher. Dread every rustle of the Blumbering night. He W&B; underneath thf aroh, and aafer, half sheltered from the oright night. The thing was not yet done, and for one moment he hnng npon {the edge of hia abyss. It waB altogether vain and foolish to question now Whether he should plange over or go back a|ain, and yet he did it. A man in the maelstrom might as well have questioned —Shall I sink? Shall I Bwim? The steep looked dizzy, and whilst he hang above it, he was down. He chose his place and began to work. The first brick came out more easily thaa he had fancied possible. The mortar had crumbled somewhat with two hundred yean of changeful weather. The next - bit hard. Hia forehead waa damp, and his unaccustomed plump hands were hot with labour before he had detached it from its place. The third, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth, succeeded. Then the whole vast chapter of life's accidents seemed opened. He saw himself rained for a thousand reasons, sought for, called. : Enough for one night. He set the bricks back in their places, painfully picked np the larger fragments of mortar, dropped them in a corner crevice of the ground, and notioed with a disproportioned terror that the turf upon which he, had stood looked trampled. He bent'and brtiehed it witn his fingers, and then stole back again. Hia fears stung him aft every pore, but he reached his room in safety; and crawling noiselessly into bed again, fell' to horrible dreams, in which the ruins tnmbled upon him as ho worked, crushing him with terror and with torture, and yet wit bout effecton lifeor limb. Over andover and over again he broke the arch, and over and over and over again the rains tumbled and overwhelmed him. Vaguely, in his dreads, he thought the way to pe&oeand; riches hard. If the mingling of the force* of human natnre were less grotesque and extravagant than it really is, tne intrusion of the sordid comedy of Tobiaa Orme into the sordid tragedy of Robert Snelling might seem altogether wild. But Tobias served his purpose here, and might, for all one can tell to the contrary, have been born for no other end. The sovereign which Isaiah had bestowed upon that disreputable old person had not long staved off the attacks of thirst and hunger. He had fallen desperately ill by tbe wayside, had been found helpless ana almost insensible with cold and privation, and carried to the workhouse infirmary. There the vital spark bade fair to quit its tenement; bat after two or three months of flickering, now up, now down, grew feebly steady once more. The worshouse authorities, of course, were in favour of shipping him off to his own parish, and but for the doctor's energetic protest that he could not possibly survive, the journey, would, at a dozen of their weekly meetings, have voted for his transport. The knowlege of hia narrow escape from death frightened Tobias terribly aad set him thinking, itum-and-water had bi ought him to that dreadful pass, and the frightened wretah made tearfal profession of his fault to tibe chaplain, and signed a pledge of total abstinence with eager trembline fingers. :' The_ chaplain became interested in him ; and discovering him to be a person of some education, and now that he was no longer bemused with drink, of some intelligence, would sometimes ait and liaten to Mr. Urine's reminiscences, which were not always perhaps BO truthful as they might have been. Tobias bad read a good deal of imaginative fiction in his c"ay, and it was as easy to say that hia father had been a dissenting clergyman as it would have been todescribehim aa a small greengrocer and retail coal-vendor in WhicechapeL Perhaps it came as easy to Tobiaa to lie aB to tell the truth. Perhaps no faculty can be cultivated to excesB without danger to its opposite. A vocalist can elect tb cultivate hia voice npwarda or downwards, but when once 'he has .fixed hiB register he will find it hard to change it. It waa not in the least likely that the alowly convalescing invalid should omit from tie confidences with which he famished the cliaplain the one fact in his career which made him important in hia own eyes. • " Humble aa I am, sir," aaid Tobiaa oftentimes in speaking of the newly opened coalfielda, " I am the Columbas of that America. I think I may fairly aay, air, that my present oondition ia a monument of human ingratitude. Thousands upon thousands of pounds are being drawn every week from the bowels of the earth, and not one penny would ever hare been touched if it had not been—I aay it respectfully, sir, but whether I Bay it myself or whether I leave it for other people to eay makes no differenoe, air, to ita veracity— not an atom of the money which has made poor men rich and rich men richer, would ever have gone into a human pocket if it had not been for my perspicacity and intelligence." Thia rather appealed to the chaplain; and the good man made enquiriea of Isaiah Winter, who confirmed the story willingly enough, but shocked his qaeationer by an open avowal of hiB opinion with regard to Mr. Orme'a character at large. The chaplain urged that it was hardly fitting that the man should starve whilst other people profited ao enormously by his discovery. " I'll talk it over with my partner," Baid Isaiah, "and we'll see what we can do." \- As a result of the chaplain's intercession, Tobias came ont of the workhouse infirmary tb the receipt of a weekly income of eighteen shillings, provided in equal portions by Messieurs Day and Winter. The spring was well advanced at the time of his discharge, and though he was Btill very feeble, and went quavering aboat on a pair of walkingsticka, tbe genial weather and movement in the open air soon set him up again. Wonderful to relate he stuck to hia promise of reform. The dread of death in a ditch became a monomania with him, and he srew miserly in his ways, depriving himself of all manner of creature comforts, that he might save np something for the remnant of hia daya. ' Being now a gentleman at large, and having reached that blissful lubberland of dolce far niente towards which he had all hia life long looked with yearning bat hopeless eyes, it seemed to him the most natural and befitting thing in the world to settle near the scene of hia discovery and to pose there as a personage. The public-houBe was the readiest place to pose in, but his mind ran away from the the thought of its temptations as a whipped dog runs from a shaken stick. He took cheap lodgings in a labourer's cottase. and hoarded up a whole half of hia weekly income. A few montha ago he would have apent his laat threepence on rum without so much aa troubling to ask where the next might oome from. Now, with that suddenly developed eye for the future, he began to exerciaea thousand mean precantiona. The aummer was barely beginning, bnt beyond the summer, winter lay, and he looked with dreadful prophetic eye towards the time of rain and snow and cold. " I ought to be supplied with coal for nothing," said Tobiaa ; " but I am too well acquainted with the heartless ingratitude of men for that. I shall be expected to disburse a pecuniary consideration for it." He began betimeB, therefore, and was at all hours to be seen prowling about the roads on which the coal-wagons travelled. He carried with him a tattered old carpet-bag, and stooped for any fragment of coal which had fallen, if it were no bigger than a hazel nut. Botten branches, bits of stick of any sort, found their way into thia receptacle, and at night he would sometimes empty oat half-a- do zen pounds' weight. From the time of the beeienmg of this habit nobody ever sa* Tobias without^ the carpet-bag, which he lugged about with an unflagging industry. One fine day he found himself by a breach in the hedge beside a great mossgrowu wall, and seeing a biggish handful of half-rotted hedge stakes, dry and ripe for burniug, within reach, he took a cvjtioua look about him, and scrambled through the breach. Tne land Bank here, and was thick with brush and bramblj ; and lying there, hidden for who knows how maoy years, were the remains of an old gate, which had fallen almost to matchwood. Tobias went for this prize exultantly, and filled his big wish fragments. He was in tbe very act of rising from his kneeB when a eudden vista opened up before him. A stone had been removed from the wall, and through the hole thus made he cOuid see into the grounda beyond it. He peered with interest, and could aee an archway with a heap of picturesque ruina over it. This was not in itself a fascinating spectacle, and be had already ' satisfied a feeble momentary curiosity, when Snelling came in sight, with an aspect so stealthy and a face ao pale that Tobiaa knelt and stared as if rooted to the spot. 'The horrors of the night had been too mach for the intending criminal, and he had no courage to face them anew. Bat now, with the housekeeper being away for her marketing, and John by special leave picnicking w|th Will Gregg and divers otheraof his companions in the lnarley Woods, he had fall three j hours clear. He had determined to finish hia deadly work that day; but loaely aB he fcnew himBelf, he waa in a fury of fear lest he should be discovered at it. At every step he looked to right and left with a guilty horror which filled Tobiaa with wonder; and there waa a something eo stealthy and yet ao threatening in hia .whole motion and aspect that the amazed watcher could make neither heaid nor tail of his own surmises. ,The first thing Snelling did waa to enter the archway, and there, drawing a newspaper from hia pocket, he unfolded it and spread ft like a carpet on the gras8, pushing it closely against the wall and folding its edge upward there. When he had done this, he came ont, 8tepping on tiptoe, with face and gestore so marked With guilty fear that a child conld not have misread him. He looked hither and thither, and listened with bent head. Next, he drew-a small pointed implement from hia pocket, and, returning to the arch, beoan to pry at the wall. He had not worked a minute,' when some fancied noiee arrested him, and he came stealing out on tiptoe. What in the name of wonder could it mean? Like a ray of light the thonght oame—Buried treasure! '" I will have a finger in that pie," said Tobiaa. 