ICE BO UND. I By W. CLABK RTJBBELL, Author of *lTh* Wreck of Of Gromenor.** 'JocUb Courtship,' ,rJMV Watch #?- (otfl.' 'Th* Lady Maud ' Zt*. Bat wbat I needed wu tbe means of ob taining a light; so, after about, I thought I would March the body on deck, end*'*mtto it, and to way great satisfaction discovered what J wanted In the first pocket I dipped mylian3~ into, though Z had to rip open tbe mouth ol It away from the snow with tbe hanger. 1 returned to the cabin and lighted the candle, and carried the lantern Into the black passage or corridor. There were four small doors, belonging to aa many berths. 1 opened the first, and entered a compartment that smelled -so intolerably stale and fusty thatl'had to come into the passage again and fetch a few breaths to humor my nose to the odor. As in the cabin, however, so here I found this noxiousness ttf air was not caused by putrefaction or any tainting quali ties of a vegetable or 'Hmd kind, but by the deadness of 'tbe pent up air itself, as tbe foulness of bilge water is owing to its being imprisoned from air la the bottom of tbe held. 1 held up tbe lantern and looked about me. A glanoe or two satisfied me that I was in a room that had been appropriated by the steward and his ma tea. A number of dark objects, which on inspection I found to be bains, were stowed snugly away in battens under tbe celling or upper deck; a cask half fall of flour stood in a corner; near it lay a large coarse sack in which was a quantity of biscuit, a piece ot which I bit and found It as hard as flint and tasteless, but not is the least degree moldy. There were four shelves running athwartships full of glass, kniHa and forks, dishes and so forth, eome of the glass very choice and elegant, and many of the dishes and plates also very fine, fit for the greatest noblemanfe table. tTnder tbe lower shelf, on the deck, lay a sack of what I believed to be black stones until, after turn ing one or two of them about, it came upon me tbat tbey were or had been, I should sayt potatoes. Not to tease you with too many -particulars under this head, let me briefly say that in this larder, or steward's room, I found among other thing* several cheeses, a quantity of candles, a great earthenware pot full of peas, several pounds of tobacco, about thirty lemons, along with two small casks and three or four jars, manifestly of spirits, but of what kind I could not telL I took a stout sharp knife from one of the -shelves, and pulling down one of the hams tried to cut it, but 1 might as well have striven to elice a piece of marble. I attempted next to cut a cheese, but this wm frozen aa hard as the ham. The lemons, wdi— tobacco tbe same astonishing quality of stonineas, 1 and nothing yielded, to the touch but the flcur. I laid hold of one of the jare, and thought to pull- the stopper out, but tt was frozen hard In the hole tt fitted, and I was five mlnutee hammering It loose. When It was out I inserted a steel— used fortius sharp ening of knives— mid found the oontenU solid ice; nor was there the faintest smell to tell me what the spirit or wine waa. Never before did plenty offer itself in so mocking a shape. It was the very irony of abundance— substantial ghost lin ess and a Barmecide's feast to my wftMng stomach. But there was biscuit, not unconquerable by teeth used to the/are of a sea life, and picking up a whole one J sat me down on the edge of a eask and fell a-nmnching. One re flection, however, comforted me — namely, that this petrifaction by freezing bad kept th* victuals sweet. I was sure there was little that might not be thawed into relish able and nourishing food and drink by a good fire. The sight of these stores took such a weight off my mind that no felon reprieved frem death could feel more elated than L My forebodings had come to naught in tMn regard, and here for tbe moment my grate ful spirits were eon tent to stop. CHAPTER XL X MAKE FU&THEB; DISCOVERIES. Bo long as 1 moved about and worked I did not feel the cold, but if I stood or sat a couple of minutes I felt tbe nip of It in my very marrow. Yet, fierce as the cold was . here, it was impossible it could be compara ble with the rigors of the parts in which this schooner had originally got locked up in the lea Ro doubt if I died on deck my body would be frozen as stiff aa the figure on the rocks; but, though it was very conceivable that I might perish of cold In tbe cabin by sitting still, I was sure the temperature be low had not the severity to stonify me to tbe granite ot tbe men at the table. Still, though a greater degree of cold— celd as killing as if the world had fallen sun less— did unquestionably exist in those lati tudes, whence this ice with the schooner in its hug bad floated, it was eo bitterly bleak in this interior that 'twas scarce imaginable it eould be colder elsewhere; and as I rose from the cask, shuddering to the heart with tbe frosty, motionless atmosphere, my mind naturally went to the consideration of a fire by which I might sit and toast myself. I put a 'bunch of candles in my pocket— they were as hard as a parcel of marline spfirfa- and took the lantern Into the passage and inspected the next room. Here was a cothung up by hooks, and a large black chest stood in cleats upon tbe deck; some clothes dangled from pins in tbe bulkhead, and upon a kind of tray fixed upon short legs and serving as a shelf were a miscellaneous bundle ot boots, laced waistcoats, three comer hats, a couple of -swords, three or-four pistols, and other objects not' very readily distinguishable by the candle light. There was a port which I tried to open, but found It eo hard frozen I should need a ' handspike to start it, There were three cabins besides this— the last cabin, that is, the one in tbe .. t^rn, being the biggest of the lot Each had Its cot, and each also had ita own special muddle and litter of boxes, clothes, flraums, swords and the like. Indeed, by tbis time I was beginning to how it was. Tbe suspicion that the watches and jewelry I bad discovered on the bodies of the men had excited was now ®oafln ned, and I was satisfied that this schooner had been a pirate or buccaneer, of what nationality I could not yet divine— (Bethought Spanish from the costume of the first figure I had encountered; and I wasalso convinced, by4he brief glance I directed at the things in the cabin, particularly the wcar apparel; and the make '*»ii appearance J® the firearms^ that She must bave been in Hub position for upward of fifty years. The thought awed me greatly— twenty SJJJ? before I was .born those .two men were ttWngdead in the cabin ! He on deck was ?Mjpug Usi)UnB and silent lookout; he on we Toclfflj'witJj' nis hands locked upon his vtta, sat sunk In blank and frozeu coutcrn tfattoul ^ Byeiyq&la; had its port, and there were port# in tho vessel's 6ide opposite; but on rc ? Jfcnoo 1 conadered 4ha^tho tablniWErald be «? warmer for their remaining closed, and *o I came away and .entered the great cabin ?*«w, bent on exploring Ihe forward part. I must tell you thut rnnlnmnrt^ WSUw upper de& came'^own close against tt '-Wtikhoad that fanned the forward wall Kjflf jftbln, aad on typroacb^pg tbis parti tion, the daylight being broad enough now tbat the hatch lay open on top, I remarked a eliding door on me larboard aide of tho mast. I put my shoulder to it and very easily ran it along its grooves, and then found myself in tbe way of a direct communication with all tbe fore portion of tbe schooner. The ar rangement indeed was so odd that I sua- I pected a piratical device in tbis uncommon method ot opening out at will the whole | range of deck. Tbe air here was as vile as ; In the cabins, and I had to wait a bit On entering I discovered a little comparts ment with racks on either hand filled with , small arms. I afterward counted HSmuskets, | blunderbusses and fusils, all of an antique kind, while tbe aides of the vessel were bung ! with pistols great and little, boarding pikes, ; cutlasses, hangers and other sorts of sword. Tbis armop- was a sight to Get me walking very cautiously, for it was not likely that powder should bo wanting in a ship thus equipped ; and where was it stowed! .There was another sliding door in the for ward partition; it stood open, and I passed through it into what I immediately saw waa the cook house. I turned the lantern about and discovered every convenience for dress ing food. Tho furnaces were of brick and the oven was a great one— great, I mean, for the size of tbo vessel. There were pots, pans and kettles iu plenty, a dresser with drawers, dishes of tin and earthenware, a Dutch clock —in short, such an equipment of kitchen fur niture as you would not expect to find in tbe galley of an Indinman built to carry two or throe hundred passengers. About half a chaldron of small coal lay heaped in a wooden angular fence fitted to the ship's side, for the sight of which I thanked Ood. I held tbe lantern to tbe furnace, and observed a crooked chimney rising to the deck and pass ing through it. The mouth or head of It waa no doubt covered by the sbow, for I had not noticed any such object in the survey I had taken of tbe vessel above. Strange, 1 thought, that those men should have frozen to death with tho material iu tbe ship for keeping a fire going. But then my whole discovery I regarded as one of those secrets of the deep, which defy tbe utmost imagination and ex perience of man to explain them. Enough that here was a rehoouer which had been in tei-rcd in a scpulcher of ice, as I might ra tionally conclude, for near half a century; that there were dead men in her, who looked to have been fro ten to death ; that she waa apparently stored with miscellaneous booty; tbat she was powerfully armed for a craft ol her size, aud had manifestly gone crowded with men. All this was plain, and I say it was enough for me. Before I could' make a fire tbe chimney must bo cleared. Among the furniture in the arms room were a number of spade beaded si-ears— tho spado as wide as the length of a man's thumb aud about a foot long, mounted on light, thin wood. Armed with one oi these weapons, I passed into the cabin to pro coed on deck. 1 speedily spied tbe chimney, which showed a hood of two feet above, the deck, and made short work of the snow that was frozen in it, as nothing could have been fitter to cut icc with than the sjiadc shaped weapon 1 carried. This done, I returned to the cook room, and with a butcher's ax that hung against the bulkhead I knocked away one of tbe boards that cunlined the coal, split it into email pieces nml in a short time had kindled a good lire. Wheu 1 was thoroughly warm and com forted I took the lantern and went aft to the steward's room aud brought tbcnce a cheese, a ham, some biscuit and one of the jars of spirits, nil of which I carried to the cook room and placed tho whole of them in the oven. I was extremely hungry and thirsty, and tho warmth and cheerfulness of tho fire si-t mo yearning for a hot meal. But how was i to make mo a lx)wl without fresh water! 1 nvnt on deck and scratched up some snow, hut tho salt in it gave it a sickly taste, and 1 W7is not ouly certain it would spoil and make disgusting whatever I mixed it with or cooked in it, but it stood as a drink to dis order my stomach and bring on on illness. So, thought I to myself, there must be fresh water a1-out — casks enough in tbe hold, 1 dare say; but the hold was not to be en'. ,vr!d ami explored without labor and difllculty, and I was weary and famished, nnd in no tcmjier for hard work. In 'ull shijis it is the custom to carry one or more casks culled scuttlebutts on deck, into wbich fresh water is pumped for the use of the crew. I t-top|-cd along, looking earnestly nt tho several t-hu]H-s of guns, coils of rigging, hatchways, nnd the like, upon which the snow luy thick and solid, but perceived noth ing that answered to the shape of a cask. At lost I came to the well in the head, passed the foreca-stlo deck, and, on looking down, 6pied, nmoug other shajie;, three bulged and bulky forms. I seemed by instinct to know that these were the scuttlebutts, and went for the t-hopper, with which I returned and got into this hollow, that was four or fire feet deep. The snow lmd the hardness of iron; it took me a quarter of, on hour of severe labor to make sure of the diameter of tho bulky thing I wrought at, aud then it proved to be a ca.sk. Whatever might bo its contents it was noi empty, but I was pretty nigh spent by the time 1 had knocked off tho iron bands and ixuiteu out staves enough to enable me to get at tho fr07.cn body within. There were three-quartern of a cask full. It was spark ling clear ice, and, chipping off a piece and suckiug it, I found it to be very 6weet freeh water. Thus wna my labor rewarded. I cut oir as much as, when dissolved, would make a couple of gallons, and returned to the The fire burned brightly, and ita ruddy glow was sweet as human companionship. I put the icc into a saucepan and 6et it upon the fire, and then pulling the cheese and ham out of the oven found them warm and thawed. Ou smelling at the mouth of the jnr, 1 discovered its contents to be brandy. Only about an inch deep of it was melted. : 1 jtoured this into a pannikin and took a sup, | nnd a finer drop of spirits I nover swallowed I in all my life; its elegant perfume proved it ! amazingly choice and old. I fetched a lemon 1 and some sugar, and speedily prepared a ! small smoking bowl of punch. The ham cut j readily; I fried a couple of stout rashers, and | fell to the heartiest and most delicious repast I ever sat down to. At any time thore is something fragrant and appetizing in tbe smell of fried ham; conccive, then, tho reliA that tho appet ite of a starved, half frozen, shipwrecked man would find in itl The chuoso was oxtremely good, and was as sound as if it had been made a week ago. Indeed, i the preservative virtues of tbe cold struck mo with astonishment Here was I making afineineal off stores which, in all probability, had lain iu this ship fifty years, and they ate ut choicely as like food of a similar quality ashore. Possibly 6ome of these days science tnav devise a means for keeping the stores of a ship frozen, which would be as groat a I hlesBing as could befall the mariner, and a sure remedy for the scurvy; for then as much fresh meat might be carried as salt, besides other articles of a perishable Und. CHAPTER aa L A XOtfE-LY WIGHT. I had a pipeof xay own to my pocket; I fetch od a small 'block of 'the black tobacco that was in the 'pantry, and with eome trouble, for it was as hard and dry^as glass, chipped off a bowlful and fell a-pufflng with ill tho satisfaction of a bardpQSd IpVStqf tobacco who has long been denied his favorite relish. My pipe being emptied, I threw some more eonls into tho furnace, and putting a candle in tho lantern went aft to take auother view of the little cabins, in ono of which I re solved to sleep; for though the cook room would have served mo best while tbe fire burned, 1 reckoned upon it making a colder I habitation when the furnace was black than I thiw small compartments in the stem. The \ cold on deck gushed down eo bitingly through tbe open companion hatch that I was fain to close it. I mounted the kioik, and with much ado shipped tho cover and 6but the door, by which of course the great cabin, as I call tho room in which the two mou were, was plunged in darkness; but the cold was not tolerable, and tlie jwrcels of candles in the larder rendered mo indifferent Jo the gloom. On entering the passage iu which were tbe doors of the berths, I noticed on object thnt had before escaped my observation — I mean a small trap hatch, no bigger than a man hole, with a ring for lifting it, midway down the lane. I suspected this to bo the entrance to tho lazarotte, and puttiug both hands to ! the ring pulled tho hatch up. I sniffed cau tiously, fearing foul air, end then sinking ! tho lantern by the length of ray arm I peered down, nnd observed tbe outlines of casks, hales, eases of white wood, chests, and so forth. I dropped through the hole on to a cask, which left my head and shoulders above the deck, aud then with the utmost caution stooped and threw tho lantern light around me. But the casks were not powder 1 barrels, which perhaps a little reflection | might have led me to susjiect, since it was ; not to be bupposed thnt any man would stow i his ]-owder in the lazaretto. I As 1 was in tho way of settling my mis- | givlngs touching the stock of food in the : schooner, I resolved to push through with j this business at once, and fetching tbo chop per went to work upon those barrels nnd chests; and very briefly I will tell you what I found. First, I dealt with a tierce thnt (ip)ved full of 6alt beef. There was a whole row of these tierces, ana one sufficed to ex press the nature of the rest; there were up ward of thirty barrels of pork; one cauvas bale I ripped open was full of hams, and of these IniIosI counted half a score. Tbo white oases held biscuit. There were several sacks of peas, a number of barrels of flour, cases of candles, cheeses, a quantity of tobacco, not to mention a variety of jars of several shapes, some of wbich 1 afterward found to contain marmalade and succadoes of differ ent kiuds. On knocking the bead off one ??ask I found it hold a frozen body that by tue light of the lantern looked as black as ink: I chipped off a bit, sucked it, and found I waa so transported by the sight of this vvouderful plenty tbat I fell upon my knees in au outburst of gratitude, and gave hearty ibouks to God for his mercy. There was no further need for mo to dismally wonder whether I waa to starve or no; supposiug tho provisions sweet, hero was food enough to last me throe or four years. I was so over-' joyed aud withal curious that I forgot all nitout tho time, and flourishing the chopper made the round of the lazarette, sampling its freight by individual instances, so that by (he t imu 1 was tired I had enlarged the list I have given by discoveries of brandy, beer, oatmeal, oil, lemons, tongues, vinegar, rum nml eight or ten other matters, all stowed vej-y bungling! y, and in so many different kinds of casks, cases, jars and other vessels, ns dnqmscd ine to Iwlievc that several pirati cal rummagings must have gone to the crea tion of this bandsome and plentiful stock of got»d things. Well, thought I, even if there be no more coal in the ship than what lies in the cook bouse, cuougb fuel is here in tho shape of casks, Iwies and the like to thaw me pro visions for six months, besides what I may come across in the hold, along with the ham mocks, Itodding, Iwxcs, and so forth, in tbe forecastle, all which would be good to feed my flro with. This was a most comforting reflection, and 1 recollect of springing out through the lazaretto hatch with as spirited a caper a6 ever 1 liad cut at any time of my life. 1 replaced the batch cover, and having re solved u]»u tho aftmost of the four cabins as my liedroom, entered it to see what kind of accommodation it would yield me. I hang up the lantern, and looked into the cot that was slung athwartshiiis, and 6pied a couple of rugs or blankets, which I pulled out, hav ing uo fauey to lie under them. The deck was like an old clothes shop or the wardrobe of a traveling troop of actors. From tbe confusion in this and the adjoining cabins I concluded thut there had been a rush at tbe last — a wild overluudiug aud flinging about of clothes for articles ot more value hidden among thom. But just as likely as not tho disorder merely indicated tho slovenly indif ference of plunderers to the fruits of a pillage tbat had overstocked them. Tbe first garment I picked up was a cloak of a sort of bilk materia), richly furred and lined; ol! the buttons but one had been cut off, and that which remained was silver. 1 Bprcad it in the cot, aa it was a soft thing to lio upon. Then I picked up a coat of the fashion you will see iu Hogarth's engravings — tho coat collar a broad fold, and the cuffs to tho elbow. This was as good asa rug, and I put it into the cot with the other. I swept the huddle of tbingB with my foot into a corner, and lifting the lids of tbo boxes saw more clothes, 6omo books, a collection of small arms, a couple of quadrants, and sundry rolls of paper, which proved to be charts of tlie islands of the Antilles and tbe western South American coast, very ill di gested. There were no papers of any kind to determine the vessel's character, nor journal to acquaint me with her story. I was tired in my limbs rather than sleepy, and went to tbe cook room to warm myself at tbe fire and get mo some supper, meaning to sit there till the fire died out and then go to rest; but when I put my knife to the ham I found it as bard frozen oa when I had first met with it — so with the cheese, and this though there had been a fire burning for hours! I put the tilings into the oveu to thaw, as before, and sitting down fell very pensive over this severity of cold, which had power to freeze within a yard or two of tbe furnace. To bo sure, tbe fire by my absence had shrunk, and fcho sliding door being open admitted tho cold of tho cabin; but tbe con sideration was, How was I to resist the killing enfoldment of this atmosphere? I had slept in the boat, it is true, and was none the worse, and now I was under shelter, with the heat of a plentiful bellyful of meat and liquor to warm me; but if wine and ham and cheese froze in an air in which a fire had been burning, why not I in my sleep, when thero was no fire, and life beat weakly, as it does in slumber / Those figures in the cabin were dismal warnings aud assurances; tbey had been men perhaps stouter aud heartier than ever I was in their day, but they had been frozeu into stony images, neverthe less, under cover, too, with the ma terials to make a fire, and as much strong waters in their lazarette as would serve their schooner to float in. ' It strangely and importunately fentered ay bead to conceive that though those men were frozen and stirless they were uot dead as ; corpses are, but as a stream whose current, ! checked by ice, will flow .wheu tbe ice is | melted. Migbf not life iu Ahem be suspended I by the cold, uot ended f There is vitality In 1 the ⅇ(l| though it lies a dead thing in .tb? hand. Those men are corpses to my eye, but, said I to myself, they may have the principles of life in them, which heat might call Into being. Putrefaction is a natural law, but it is balked by frost; and just as decay is hindered by cold, might not the property of life be loft unaffected in a body, I though it should be numbed in a marble I form for fifty years? I This was a terrible fancy to possess a man ! situated as I was, and it so worked hi me that again and again I caught myself look ing first forward, then aft, as though, heaven helpmel my secret instincts foreboded that at any moment I should behold some form from tbe forecastle or one of those figures in . the cabin stalking in, and coming to my side ! and silently seating himself. I pshawed and pisbed, and querulously asked of myself what manner ef English sailor was I to suffer such womanly terrors to visit me; but it would notdo; I could not smoke; acolduessof tbe j heart fell upon me, aud set me trembling above any sort of shivers which the frost of the air had chased through me; and presently a hollow creak sounding out of tbo hold, I caused by some movement of tbe bed of ice ; on wbich the vessel lay, 1 was seized with a panic terror and sprang to my feet, and lan tern in hand made for tho companion ladder, with a prayer in mo for the sight of a star I I durst not look at the figures, but setting the light down at tho foot of tbe ladder squeezed through tho companion door ou to the deck. My fear was a fever in its wav, and I did not feel tho cold. Thero wqb no ?star to be 6een; but the whiteness of tho ice was flung out in a wild, strange glare by tho blackness of tbo sky, aud mado a light of its own. It was the most savage and terrible picture of solitude tho inventiou of man could reach to, yet I blessed it for the relief it gave to my ghost enkindled imagination. Presently, when tho cold was beginning to pierce mo, my courage was so much the bet ter for this excursion into the hoarse aud black and gleaming realities of the night, that my heart beat at its usual measure as I passed through tbe hatch and went agaiu to the cook room. 1 was, however, sure tbat if I Bat here long, listening and thinking, fear would rotiu*n. So, raking out the fire, I picked up the lantern and was about to go, theu halted, considering whether I should uot stow tho frozen provis ions away. It w-as a natural thought , seeing how precious food was to me. But, alas! it mattered not where they lay; they were il secure here as if they were as snugly hidden in the bottom of tbo hold. It was tho white realm of death ; if ever a rat bad crawled in this ship it^ras, in its hiding place, as btiff and idle as tbe frozen vessel. Ho I lei. t lir* lump of wine, tbo icc, ham, and bo forth, rest where they were, and went to the cabin I hn-l chosen, involuntarily ]-cepiugat th-- figures as I passed, and hurrying the faster bocauv? of the grim aud terrifying liveliness put into , the man who sat starting from the table by ' the swing of the lautcrn in my baud. I shut tbe door aud hung tho lantern near i tbe cot, haviugthe flintand box in my pocket. There was, indeed, an abundanco of t-an , dies in the vessel; nevertheless, it wus tu- business to husband them with tho utmost | niggardliness. How long I was to bo im prisoned here, if indeed 1 was ever to be de livered, Providence nlono knew; end to run , short of candles would add to thu terrors ol I my existence by forcing me either to I tbe batches and i-orte- for light, and so filLin; i tbe ship with tho deadly air outside, or living I in darkness. There were a cloak and a ro.r, | in the cot, but they would uot suflW; thr;i i was, however, plenty of apparel iu the e--r- ( nor to 6erve as wraps, and having chosen j enough to smother ine 1 vaulted into the --oi. i and so covered myself that the clothe-* wav above the level of the sides of th*' cot. I left tbe lantern burniug while I mad- sure my bed was all right, and lay musing, feeliug extremely melancholy; th- hurdcsi part was the thought of those two inon watching in tho cabin. The most fantastie alarms possessed me. Suppose their glm.tf came to tho ship at midnight, and entering their bodies quickened them into walking? I caught myself listening; ami there ws-- enougb to hear, too, what with the Mib.iu--*'t roaring of tbo wind, the splintering of ire. the occasional creaking— not unlike a henvy booted tread— of the fabric of the scboom-i to the blasts of tho gale against ber niasLs, or to a movement iu tho bed on which site But plain sense came to mv rescue nt last. I resolved to have no more of these night fears; so, blowing out tb** candle, I put my bead oa tbe coat that formed my pillow, res olutely kept my eyes shut, aud after awhik fell asleep. ? CHAPTER XIII. I EXPLORE TBE noui AND F0HECAST1.E. It was pitch dark when I nw--ke. nnd 1 couccived it must be the middle of the night: but, to my astonishment, on lighting tli-- lantern and looking at thu watch, which 1 had taken the precaution to wind up '-ver ni^hi . 1 saw it wanted but twenty minutes to eigli o'clock, so that I had pastil through el»vi'-; hours of solid sleep. However, it was onh uoedful to recollect where 1 was end M ca^ a glance at the closed door and i-ort, t-- understand why it was dark. 1 lirnl hlcp: fairly warm, and awoke with no sensni io-.i of cramp; but Uiu keen air had caused iIiomimih of my breath to freeze upon my month n. such a manner that, when feeling tin- sticky inconvenience I put iny finger to ji , it f. i.' like a little mask; and I likewise felt tho p,iii: of cold in my face to such an extent thai h;:i! I been blistered there, my cheeks, inwo ;:nn brow could not have smarted more. Tl:i rosolved me henceforward to wy.ip i:p m\ head aud faeo before going to re^t. I opened tho door and passed out, and '-!- served an amazing difference iK-tuvcn i!r temjicrature of the air in which 1 hud Iky:' sleeping and that of tbcatmospheiv in ill passage — a happy discovery, for it served t assure mo tbat, if I was careful lo un-li r plenty of coverings and to k«rp the outer ;iii excluded, the heat of mv body would r.-i». the temperature of the little cabin: nor. pro viding tho compartment Mas vcniilntM throughout tho day, was ther* anything t. be feared from tho vitiation of the uir l-v nr own breathing. My first business was to light the fire nr.:': set my breakfast to thaw, and Itoil me n ):?-- tlo of water; and while this was preparing 1 went on deck to viow tlie weather nnd to i «? J volvo in my mind the routine of the day. 0:i | opening tho door of the companion hati-li I i was nearly blinded by tho glorious I -ri 1 1 ian--. of tbo sunshine on the snow; nficr the lihu!: nessof the cabin it was like looking m il.u I sun himself, and 1 had to stand a full tin-, / ; minutes with my hand upon my ryes licfoiL , I could accustom my sight to the duz^liiv glare. It was fine weather nguiu; the sl y over the glass like musta of the schooner \wu a clear, dark blue, with a leu1 light i/louda blowing over it from tlie southwurd. Tli 'Wind had shifted at last; but, pure tl;- heavens were, tho breeze was piping 1 n-isl: 1^ with the weight and song of a small mile, and its fangs of frost, oven in tbe compara tive quiet of tbe sheltered deck, bit wjihu fierceness that had not been observable y* terday. Tbo moment I had the body of tho vessel in my sight I porccivcd that she hud changed i her position sluce my last view of her. lh r | bows wcre.more raised, and t»ho lay over fur ther by tbe depth of a plank. I stared ear nestly at tho rocky elopes on either hand, but oould not have sworn their figuration was changed. An eager bopo shot iuto iny mind, but it quickly faded into an emotion --f ap prehension. It was conceivablo, indeed, that on a sudden some early day 1 might find the schooner lil-cratcd and afloat, aud this was tbe first inspiriting flush: but. theu camo tho fear that tho disruption oud volcanic throes of the ice might crush her— a fear rational enough when I saw tbo height she lay abovo the sea, and how by pressure those slopes wbich formed her cradle might be jammed and welded together. The change of her posture then fell upon mo with a kind of sbock, and determined me, when I had broken my fast, to search her hold for a boat or for materials for constructing some ark by which I might float out to sua, should tho Ice grow mouacing and forco me from the schooner. I made a plentiful meal, feeling the need of abundance of food in such a temperature as this, and heartily grateful that there was no need why I 6hould rtint myself. While I ate my mind was so busy with eousidcrations of tho change in tho ship's posture during tbe uight, that it ended iu de- tcrminlng mo to take a survey of her from tho outbide, nnd then climb the cliffs and look around before I fell to any other work. Arming myself with a hoarding pike to serve as a polo, I drop] ted into the fore chains aud tbeucc stepped on to tho ice, and very slowly and carefully walked round tho schooner, examining her closely mid boring iuto tho snow upou her 6ido with my piko wherever 1 suspected a hole or indent I could find nothing wrong with her in this wnv, though what a thaw might reveal 1 could not know. Her rudder buug frozen upon jto pintles, nud looked ai it should. Home little distAneo abaft her rudder, where the hollow or chasm sloped to the sea, was a great split three or four feet wide: Ibis had ccrtaiuly happened in the night, nnd I must have slept as 60und as the dead not to hear the noise of it. Such a rout as this sufllccd to account for the sub sidence of the after part of the schooii'r nud ber farther inclination to larboard. Indeed, tho hollow was now comiug to resemble tho 'ways'' ou which ships arc launched; aud you would hove conceived by the appear ance of it thnt if it should 6lopo a littl- more yet, off would slide the schooner for tho *i-a ; and in the right posture, too— that is, stem on. Bui I prayed with all my might aud main for anything but this. It would bave lieen very well had the hollow gouo in a gen tle declivity to the wash of the sea — to tho water itself, in short; but it terminated at tho edge of a cliff, not very high, indeed, but high enough to warrant the prompt founder ing of any vessol tbat should launch herself off it Happily tbe kool was coo solidly Jrnzeu into the ice to render n passage of this description possible, and tbe conclusion 1 nr rived at , after careful inspection, was that the solo chance that could offer for the de live^ of tbo vessol to her proper element lay in lbr» cracking up and disruption of tho bed on wbich she lay. Satisfied as to the state of tbo ice and tho posture of tho schooner, viewed froin with out, I sent a slow and piercing gaze aloogth® occau hue, and then returned to the ship The strong wind, tbo dauce of the sea, th« graudeur of the great tract of whitcucss, vitalized by the flying of violet clond shad ows along it, had fortified my spirits, and being free (for a while) of all superstitious dread, 1 determined to begin by exploring the forccastlo aud ascertaining if more bodies were in the schooner than those two in tho cabin nnd tho giant form on deck. I threw some coal ou the fire, and placed an ox tongue along with the cheese and i lump of Hie l'roxen wine in a paunikin into tbe ovnn dor I had a mind to taste tbe vessel's stores, nud thought the tongue would make an agree jhlo change), and then, putting a crindlo into the lantern, walked very bravely to the fore castle nnd entered it. 1 wax prepared for the «cene of confusion, but I must say it staggered mo afresh with something of the force of the first impression. Sailors' chi-sts lay oi«ii in all directions, and their contents covered the decks. Tnero was the clearest evidence here that the majority of the eivw had quitted the vessel in a vio lent burrv, turning out their boxes to cram their money nnd jewelry iuto their pockets, nid heedlessly Hinging down tbeir owu and lh-* cloth' -s which bad fallen to their sharo. Thi.sl hud eiery right to suppose from the character of th' muddle on tho floor; for, passing thcligh: over n part of it, I witnessed lamly oi- saiP-r iu any ngn --ver went to sea *viii- — jj.it so fine, perhaps, as that which lay ,ii tho cabins, but very good, nevertheless, particularly th' linen, In many places, glittering among the cl ithes, were gold and silver coins, a few sil ver ornament-*, such as buckles, and watches — tilings not missed by tbe pirates in tbo 1 transport of their flight. In kicking a coat a.-id' I discovered a couple of silver cruci il-os bouiid together, and close by wore a ?ilver goblet aud tho hilt of a sword broken -.boil, off for tin* snkeof tho metal it was made of. Nothing rud^r than this interior is im aginable. The men mu-t have been mighty pu'. to it for room. Theiv was a window iu ? In- head, but th-? snow veiled it. May bo the rogues messed together aft, and ouly used this forecastle to lie in. Right under the hatch, where the light was strongest, was a ? lead rat. 1 'stopped to pick it up, meaning i o fling it on to the deck, hui its tail broke off nt tho rump like a piiw stem. Close against tbe after bulkhead that s^i nr. iled the forecastle from the cook room was a little hatch. Thero was a quantity of wearing apparel upon it, and I should havo missed it but for catching sight of somo ihi'iv inches of the dark liue tbo cover made in the deck. On clearing away the clothes L jn-ri-eived a ring similar to that in tho laza retto hatch! ami it rose to my first drag and left mo the bold yawning black lielow. I piti ed down, nml observed a stout stancbiou tjuvcrticd by iron pins for tbe bands and feel . The atmosphere was nasty, and to give a time to elenr 1 went to the cook house and warmed myself before tho fire. The fi'csh air blowing down tho forecastle hatch speedily sweetened the bold. I lowered thn lantern and followed, and found myself ? -ii top of 60ine ruin or spirit casks, w hich on my hitting them wlwnetl mo a solid note. There was a fore peak forward in tho bows, :unl tho casks went stowed to tho bulkhead of it. The top of this bulkhead was ojhiq four feel from tho upj-cr deck, and on holding the lauturu over nnd putting my head through 1 saw a quuntity of coals, If tho forcpeak went as low as the vessel's lloor then I calcu lated thero would uot be less than fifteen tons of coal in it. This was a noble discovery lo full upon, nud it uiade me feel so happy th.it 1 do not know that tho assurance of my being immediately rescued from tbis island could have given a lighter pulse to my heart. The candle yielded a very small light, and it was dillicuit lo sco above a yard or so iihcad or around. I turned my face aft, and crawled over the casks and came to under the main hutch, where lay coils of hawser, buckets, blocks and tho like; but thero was , no piuuaco, though hero she bud been stowed, as a sailor M ould have promptly seen. A iit llu way 1-eyuud, under tho great cabin, Mas the powder magazine, a email bulkhcaded i-ompariment with u little door, atop of which wusasmull bull's eye lamp. 1 jieered warily enough, you will sup|-nsc, inty this place: and made out twelve barrels of pow der. 1 heartily wished thorn overboard ; aud yet, after all, they were uot very much moro dangerous tban tbo wine and spirits in tbfi lazaretto and forehold. Tbe run remained to ho explored— tho after part, I mean, uuder tlie lazarette deck to the rudder post — but I had seen enough ; crawling about that black iutcrior was cold, lonesome, melancholy work, aud it was reudered j»o culiarly arduous, bv the obligation of caution imjwsed, by my having to liear a light auiid a freight mainly formed of explosives and combustible matter. I hod found plenty of coal, aud th..! suflicod. Ho I returned by tho same road I had entered, and sliding to the bulkhead door to keep the cold of the fore castle out of tho cook room, I stirred the fire into a blaze and sat down before it to think. (To be rantinuprf -next Ritunlny. J 