CHAPTER XVI. UNEXPECTED hNCOUOTEU. "There is a divinity that shapes our ends, rough-hewthom how we wills" >>n.ya tho immortal bard ; und a moat malignant and mischief-making'divinity it aeeins to beat times. But we-must not stop and bewail over tho rough anglfes and spintered fragments, but wait with patience till the whole is completo, aiid then we shall see that every seemingly adverse stroko was needed to perfect aud finish the rounded life. . To.'our human wisdom, it appears just tho consummation of ill-luck that Colonel Gilbert Verney should occupy the same train, indeed the samo carriage, with the Countess of Strathspey that morning! But the colonel did so unconscious of evil iutcnt, it is true, but tho effects of the oc currence were disastrous enough. The countesss was thickly veiled, and although sho was the sole lady passenger, it 'was sometime before he. recognised hor. . He established himself comfortably, read tho , morning paper, and heartily wished this veiled female in Jericho, in his ill-humor at being doprived of his cigar. Not a thrill of interest or curiosity as to who or what she was stirred his heart. The colonel had passed that stage of lifo whon one takes an interest in rail way aequaintarces. Long years of soldier life in India had cooled the fovor'of his young blood. He was now an eminently handsome bachelor, of se'ven-and-thirty years, a tri'ie cynical, intensely practical, and the betrothed liusband of Miss Julia Uerosford, heiress to tho snug sum of ten thousand a year, in her own right. Tho colonel was running over to Paris, where chance or fate had stricken down a fellow-ofttcor and bosom friond ; with typhoid fever. Tho despatch reached him that very morning, stating that his friend was dying,' and had nocd of him. Colonel Verney started down by tho iirst traiu, never dreaming what a terrible construc tion would bo placed upon his most liuniano journey. On ana on they went,'tho countcss still closely veiled and incognito; tho colonel perusing his paper, and longing for his cigav ; oh and on, through all tho seem ingly endless length of England,'for the countess was going down to Dover,- and across the Channel into Franco, and from thence into Tyrol, following the route her husband had taken, tho only ono she knew how to pursue. And with every mile sho travelled, her courage failed. In theteagernns's and ex citement of starting, the length' and: fatiguo of the journey had not occurred to hor. Sho began to wish she had hearkened to Judith'ssage counsels, ,or at least consented to take her with her. It was terrible to travel alone and unpro tected. But she tl-ought of tho little Haxen-haired boy amid the. Alpine peaks, and her hoart grew strong again. For his sake she would endure it all. At the first station the colonelgot out. aud enjoyed his cigar, and returned to his seat in a much bettorhumor. Tliore sat this inevitable lady .companion. "Can I be any service to you, inadame I" he inquired, politoly ; "get you any. re freshments, or anything of the kind V' . Ttie lady gave'a quick start, shook her head, and, drawing hor veil still closer, muttered an inarticulate denial. The Colonel turned 0:1 his heel, determined to leave'her to herself. They got off .at Dover, in. tho! golden haze of September twilight, just in time to catch the steamer Calais.. The flash of the innumerable gas-lights; and the noise and confusion on tho wharf, woll nigh be wildered Lady Strathspey ; aud the full sense of tho terrible step she had taken flashed for the iirst time upon her. What would her husband say 1 She grew deadly faint and tottered where sho stood. A burly porter, hurrying by, jostled hor rudely,-aud alio would have fallen but for tho colonel's timely support. My dear inadame, do-allow 1110 to assist you," he exclaimed, passing his arm about her. . . ' For an instant tho poor woman reeled, but by a great effort, sho overcame, her weakness, and stood firmly on her, feet. "I will accept your assistance, Colonel Verney," s!ie said, as she raised her veil, * and disclosed li6r faee, white and faint from fatiguo and intense excitomout. The colonel came to a dead halt, and stood staring down at her, as if ho thought hor a ghost. "Lady Strathspey!" he gasped, at last, ' in Heaven's namo--' "I am gying across tho Channel, ColoneL Verney," sho interrupted, with dignity-; *' will you have the goodness to tss'st me 011 board the steamer ?" The colonel waa a thorough gentleman. Ho bo wed,deeply, repressingevory vestige of curiosity, and drawing her arm through his conducted her to comfortable quarters aboard tho steamer. While lie paced the deck,'half an hour later, putting his cigar and puzzling his brain to discover what waa the meaning of Lady Strathspey's unusual mode of travelling, the countess camo gliding to his side. " Colonel Verney," sho said laying her hand lightlyonhis arm, " you are wonder ing, nodoubt, what it is that takes me out of England in this run-away fashion Tho Colonel bowed and amiled. " I am a little curious, 1 [confess, Lady Strathspey," ho replied. The countes3 stood silent for a moment, I looking up at the misty stars overhead, her eyes full of deep and solemn thought. " Colonel Verney," slio continued at Inst. " you may be sure nothing short of vital interest would take iho from my home and husband in this fashion; my mission across tho Channel is one of life J and death--to my own heart, at least. I am strong enough of will, but weak of body, as we women unfortunately are. I did not intend that you should find me out, bul my poor, womanly weakness be trayed mo. Perhaps it is as well. 1 need a friend. . Colonel Verney, I am almost inclined to trust you, to ask you to liolp J me*" I She raised her sad, appealing * eyes to his face, arid looking1 down. into their starey depths, tho Indian officer felt liis heart thrill with something of tho old, passionate admiration, that those same sweet eyes had awakened when ho was a guy young guardsman, and Lady Mar guerite's lover. But tho colonel, a3 we have said, was a thorough gentleman, a man of sterling honor. And looking down upon the woman ho had once lovedj helpless and in trouble, ho felt that he could be all the truer at id more helpful in his friendship, because of that very love. ''Lady Strathspey," lie answered, quietly, but with uoniothing in his voice that at once inspired faith and confidence, " I am at your service, ready to help you in anyway 1 can." . If he had been profuse in his assurances, she wouJd have hositated ; his self- pos session'and simplo.candor won her confi dence, She drew him to a seat in a shel tered corner, and there, beneath tho silent stars, with ii dash of the silver water in his ears, she began at the begin ning and told him all her strange story, wondering at herself as she did so, for an hour before he would have been tiiolast man on earth she would liavo chosen for hor confidant. Yet now impelled by some impulse stronger than lier will, she told hirn everything. Tho colonel listened with interest, and profound pity softened his keen, gray eyes. . , Old soldier that ho was, he could under stand the deep yearning of the mother'^ lovo lor her own babo. " " I am afraid, Lady . Stratlispej'," he said, when she had finished, " that you havo boon unwiso in taking this step. ' It would have beon better to have confided everything to your husband, and suffered him to bear-ltis share of the doubt and anxiety. I am an old bachelor," ho con tinued, smiling down upon her with pity ling kindness, " but I don't believe in any concealment between man and irifo. Your motive is pure and good,but your conduct is open to misconstruction. However," he added, buttoning his coat mid straighten ing his fine figure, after his niihtury habit, " if you aro determined to go on, I am at your service, ready to lielu you in any possible way." . ./ "I shall go on," replied tliu uountess, firmly, " I will not turn back." "Very, well, go to ybur room now and try j to rest. iVom Calais I will telegraph to my Biok'friend in Paris; and I'll see you isafo into the Tyrol and on your way home. Good-night, Lady Strathspey.':' "Good-night, Colonel, and may Uoavon reward you I" .. . ,He strode away, and the countess went to lier 6tate-rouni with a lightened heart. 