Coursing. The New South Wales Coursing Club. The New South Wales Coursing Club opened the sea son on Saturday most auspiciously; the weather being all that could be desired. The members of the club had occasion to be highly pleased with the attendance, whioh was an indication that this year the public are likely to take more interest in the sport, which has languished during the past few seasons. The coursing was also of an interesting nature, but speculation in the various courses was of a limited nature, principally because of the faut that only two members of the ring put in an appearance. The consequence was that the odds asked were of suoh a high nature that only the rash bettor ventured to speculate. Following are the details of the various courses : DOO PUPPY STAKES. Mr. E. Pollard's be and w d Reprieve, by Haw thornden-Water Lily, beat Mr. W. Nixon's bl and w b Newinster, by Clyde-Brown and Bose. Dr. J. Lamrook's r and w d Lonsdale, by Borneo H. -Luoy Dashwood, boat Mr. J. Mahony's bl and w d Bashful Darkie, by Bashful Jerry-Lady Bandon. Mr. G. Cobcroft s b 1 and w d Charcoal by Menacer -Countess of Kow, beat Mr. J. Mahonoy's b 1 and W d Mauler Jorry by Bashful Jorry Lady Bandon. Mr. P. A. Lamb's b d and w a Lochiel, by Crab tree-Eondoletia, boat Mr. S. Bladon's b d and w d Bullion, by Bright Star-Bridget. First ties : Reprieve beat Lonsdale, Charcoal beat Lochiol. Final : Ropriovo boat Charcoal. DITCH PUPPY STAKES. Mr. A. Town's f b Taxation, by Windsor-Thrift, beat Mr. J. Weir's r b Welkin, by Rent Charge Birchbroom. Mr. W. Nixon's bd and w b Chrysolite by Acolyte Caller On beat Mr. R. W. Pearce's bl and wb Lady bird, by Clyde-Trivonies. Mr. N. F. Giblin's r and w b Graceful, by Crabtree -Hopbine, beat Mr. W. Petersen's bl and w b Mis chief, by Menace-Turmoil. Mr. G. B. Rowley's w and bl b Flirtation, by Mag net-Unita, beat Lord St. Leonard's bl and w b St. Mary, by Mornington-Pet Girl. First ties : '1 axation boat Chrysolite, Graceful beat Flirtation. Final : Taxation beat Graceful. OPENING STAKES. Mr. R. W. Pearce's f and w d Sweetbriar, by Beaoh -Stella, boat Mr. G. K. Clark ns bl and w b Lady in Blaok, by Crabtreo-Ladylike. Mr. G. B. Rowley ns r and w b Rosehill, by Ivo Quail, beat Lord St. Leonard's f b St. Winifriede, by Hopmarket-Palm Flower. Mr. John Smith's bl b Gipsy, by Lauderdale Hecla, beat Mr. W. Nixon ns f w a Warhawk, by Lord Stair-Molinara. Mr. J. Longworth's bl and w b Polly Gray, by Clonmell-Parilla, boat Mr. A. Town'a r d Tanglefoot, by Lauderdale-Countoss of Kew. First ties : Rosohill beat Sweetbriar, Polly Gray boat Gipsy. Final : Polly Gray boat Rosehill. PLUMPTON STAKES. Mr. R. W. Pearce's f d Sloth, by Dead Shot Quail, beat Mr. G. B. Rowley's bd ana w d Bovoral, by Hollingworth-Lawn Tennis. Mr. W. E. Solly's be and w b Fassifern, by son of Fugitivo-Fly, beat Mr. P. A. Lamb's f and w b Birchbroom, by Harkaway-Boga. Mr. G. R. Clarke ns w and bo b Rita, by Malone Caller On, beat Dr. J. Lamrock'sbland wdTeviotdalo, by Lauderdale-Lady CheapBido. Mr. J. Longworth's r or fw d Labarnum, by Kelso -M. E., boat Mr. R. W. Pearce's bl and w d Pearl, by Ra von-Poll. First tioa: Sloth boat Fassifern, Labarnum beat Rita. Final : Sloth beat Labarnum. In tho Dog Puppy Stakos Reprieve led New minster moro than a dozen lengths from a very bad slip, andsoorod a number of points before Newminster got in. Tho lattor, however, novor gave the other dog a Bhow afterward, scoring all tho way to cover. Tho judge, Mr. Gatonberry, howover, put up tho ¿ag in favor of Ropriovo. Tho slipper appeared to bungle tho next Blip, but Bashful Darkie would not face tho game, and Longsdale had a long, gruelling course all to himself, and during tho trial ho provod himself a promising puppy. Charcoal led Master Jorry, and did all tho work. Lochiol, a promising brother of the groat Lincoln, waa slipped with his kennel com Eanion Bullion. Mr. Lamb's puppy Ehowed great rilliance, and outcountod tho other puppy, which is aiso a good ono, at all points. In the Bitch Puppy Stakes Taxation beat Welkin after a protty oven courso, tho first-named getting tho advantage in tho run-up. The winner waa brod by tho owner of tho beaton puppy. Chrysolite beat Ladybird very easily. Graceful led Mischief and turned tho gamo into tho latter's mouth, and she put herself out by killing. Flirtation beat St. Mary very cleverly. Tho lattor occasionally showed a capa bility of doing good work, but on tho whole displayed an inclination to run cunning. In tho Opening Stakes Sweotbriar led Lady in Black to tho hare, but lot tho lattor in soveral times afterward. A slovenly trial, in which tho ohances must have boon nearly equal, ended in favor of Roso hill. Gipsy led Warhawk, and scoring the early points won, ag Warhawk, when he got in, spoiled his chanco, with an early kill. The same may bo said of tho course between Polly Gray and Tangle foot. In tho first round of tho Plumpton Stakoa Sloth proved himself altogothor too fast for Bowral. Fassi fern led Birchbroom to tho haro in consequence of the lattor being unsighted, and as the hare was not strong enough, Birchbroom had no time to wipo out her early disadvantage Rita made a Bhow of Teviotdalo, doing all the work, and Labarnum did not give Pearl tho ghost of a chanco at any portion of their courso. In tho second round for the Dog Puppy Stakes Repriove gainod tho early pointa, and then beat Lonsdale. Charcoal occasioned much surprise by beating Loohiol to tho hare ; and after Lochiel had got only onco in Charcoal finished a somowhat un satisfactory trial by a kill. In the Becond round for the Bitch Puppy Stakes Taxation had all tho beat of Chrysolito in a short course. Graceful just led Flirtation to the hare ; but cloverly held possession until she wont wido by making a hard drive. Flirtation then got in, and hold possession while she made four or five wronchea. Graceful then got in end had a manifest advantago at tho ond of a really good trial. Sweetbriar beat Rosehill to tho hare, and in a short and satisfactory trial appearod to thoso in tho stand to havo an advantago; but when tho courso was brought to a speedy closo by a kill tho flag wont up in favor of Rosehill. Polly Gray led up, and scoring tho carly points left too heavy an account for Gipsy to wipe out. In tho second round of tho Plumpton Stakes Sloth gavo Fassifern a decided beating in a long gruolling courso, and Labarnum served Rita similarly In a lesa severe trial. In the finals Charcoal lad Reprieve to the hare and turned, and although ho afterward hold off his game he seemed to have slightly the be^t of the course; but the judge, who was in the best position to judge, awarded the viotory to Reprieve. In the Opening States Polly Gray had all the best of Rose hill ; aa did Sloth in a short course with Labarnum in tho Plumpton Stakes. 