_ re n auk .1jtrr Ther'ui s holy ih rmltonce.' Lived by the rigec.Nile, TJIN I Iso T I onvart A lazy crocodile. - - "All day upon the river bank' You lie,' said be, "quite snugly. SYou never.look in holy bdoks I Or stir, except to yawn, which looks " Particularly ugly." 'The reptile rouoed him at the words ' Which might have been in German,: Or double Dutch. The hermit says " He's quite repenting of his ways, He's swallowing my sermon." He wasn't; but he swallowed him The hermit sable shirted He smacked his lips upon the feast, And in the stomach of the beast \- ?--?'rk. *-lit.was "! converted." . Wriggles had some teeth pulled lately,' and took cold in his jaw, which swelled until it looked like a prize water-melon. He poulticed it and bandaged it all to no i purpose, end walked the floor several nights with it, quoting choice extracts from Bob Ingersoll's lectures, but all to no purpose; it kept on swelling. The other morning he' remarked to his wife that_he',d..ni.suO0h. to -np" m it shddenly, without expecting it, to see if it would not burst the swelling. The dear woman, smiling to herself, went and gathered a boot-jack, and stepping up quietly behind the old man as he was trying to strain some coffee through his teeth, lovingly enquired-" Where does it pain you most, Wrig 1 " "Oh lord I right here, right here," replied he, as he turned his jaw up and pointed to the apex of the protuberance. Taking a step back, the dear woman raised the bootIack on high and hit him, a regular bungstarter right in the centre of the calamity, and smilingly stepped back to await result. The old man's knees flew to his chin as he shut up like a patent rat-trap, and with a hollow groan he rolled off the chair on to the floor. But he was up in a moment, and as he danced the can-can with original variations, his wife smilingly asked -" Did it relieve you, dear " And as he tried to howl out an answer, old Miss Pry, who had just dropped in, beat a hasty retreat. And now the whole I teighb rhool has it that Wriggles has got 'bm again. iBlondelady-' "I really-don't know what" give my husband for his birthday." , Brnrette Lady: "Why don't you give him a rest " " Well, if my husband was hen pecked as much as yours-'" "Excuso me. But you misunderstand me. I mean a foot-rest." "Oh, excuse me. Bat, then, he has a very pretty foot-rest." "Let ine see. He plays the violin, doesn't he ' Yes; he is consider:d a beautiful performer." 'Well, why don't you give him a chin rcetl~ 'm quite sure he needs it." That settled it. he blonde'.lady and the brunette lady do ot converse now, as they perambulate in ifferent dire:tions. " My 'young friend," said the solemn assenger, as the young "man wiped his lips and returned the bottle to his valise, "it is .beyond my comprehension how anyone can Pnd pleasure or gratification in a drink of whisky, such as you have just imbibed." " Yes, sir," responded the young man, "and there are thousands like you. A single drink is no good ; they anta load. But I believe in moderation, even at Cap time." S" Well, Browne, how do you find your self !" i "Never lose myself. If I did, I suppose I'd advertise." " My papa's got some new horses and a nice new brougham."-" Well, my papa's going to buy a new yacht."-" And my mamma's got a lovely new piano."-" Well -w-well, my mamma's got a cook that has 'stayed two weeks." A statistician has discovered that a man 60 years of age has devoted two years ten months and three days to buttoning on his collar.' The statistician neglected to state how many years the same man has devoted to hunting for his collar button when it has rolled under the bed. i "Sandhursb claims a ghost-a beautiful .oung female that plays the guitar." Sand" burst ought to bethankful for the dispensa tion that made a-ghost of a guitar player. Plenty of sleep 'is conducive to beauty. Even a garment looks worn when it loses its weight. ' Benson-" They tell me that laughter-is " great health promoter." i Young Grant-" Don't you believe it, old fellow. My father fell down and smashed his shin yesterday, and I laughed till I was ready to drop. W hen hegot up he ' whaled' the life almost out of. me. A health pro pnoter? 'O, o !" The cable announces thatEmperorWilliam r' has just sent a portrait of himself to the zar in oil." What in the world is a Czar: in oil-a-'eardine ! We do not know the complexion of the nave-dweller, but judge him to have been a sort of terra cotta. 