MALOGA ABORIGINAL MISSION, ECHUCA. "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven." DEAR FRIENDS, In visiting different places and meet ing with many friends on behalf of our Mission, we become interested in the spiritual welfare of all, and not being able to stay long nor to tell all we know of the blessings we have received at the Mission, and personally, we want to write a little account, so that you may read it at your leisure, and your self be helped to receive similar bless ings. We feel deep sympathy with be lievers in Christ who are surrounded by a dark, cold spiritual atmosphere. Per haps you, like myself, have been trained by Christian parents, and seek to follow them in working for Christ, lbut you feel that you have not the joy and ease n His service that you would like to have. You do not understand how His yoke is "easy" and His burden "light." I have suffered so much myself in press ing forward into the place of case and joy, that I want to tell oth rs how they can enter more easily. In Ps. xxv., 15, we reed, " With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought, they shall enter into the king's palace;" or, as in ;Eph..ii., 6, "God blath raised us up together and made us sit together in \- ~einly places in Christ Jesus" For ten long weary years I believed in Jesus, and worked for Hint without receiring (taking) by faith the holy Spirit to dwell in, and quickein, and guide. I believed in the Spirit and believed Ile was in me, but just as many believe in Christ but do not receive Ilimt into the .heart; I thought that by virtuo of believing in Christ I had the Holy Spirit. .He was with me very powerfully, for I was enabled to love Christ, and to say through all the darkness, "I will love Thee, 0 Lord my strength !" Christian friends told me (when I believed first in Christ), you have everything in Christ, you do not need to ask for the Holy Spirit. But my path was very dark for ten' years. Then a servant of God, a true apostle of the present day, asked me, " Iave you i?.eived the Holy Spirit?" I was praying very much for the baptism of the Spirit just then, and was impressed a little by the question, but the impression soon passed; I felt assured it wse an error to think that all believers had not the Holy Spirit (dwelling in them). Shortly after an other friend said to me, "Are you in a receptive attitude?" I did not under stand the great truth implied in the question. Soime months afterwards the former friend was brought io our Mission -we, praying to be kept from error for the sake of our dear blacks, invited her to pay us a visit. One evening we, with Bible in hand, studied the question. I asked how, if all believers had not re ceived the Spirit, did Paul say so con fidently, "Your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in you ?" The answer came, " The epistles were written to those who had received.' We knelt down, and the dear servant of Christ prayed that we might receive then, and our simple prayer went up to the Giver of every good gift, "0 Lord we now receive !" Next day we pro fessed before the blacks at morning prayers that we had received the Holy Spirit. After breakfast we had a meet •ing with some of the women, who received also. Meetings were held in the evenings on the subject, and during prayer many received. borme who could not read were the most ready. One man kept back from the meetings, saying he could pray for himself, but his con duct since proves the pride that was the the cause of his keeping back. Of the blacks who received then, several men and women have steadily pressed forward and back-slidden very little. They are now being led out as missionaries on behalf of their own race. The blacks being a people easily affected by ill health, and we having had much to do in dispensing medicines, 'we were led to pray that we might understand how to receive health by faith. We were then taught that gifts of health could be received by faith by the Holy Spirit. I had suffered from indigestion and thronic liver complaint, and for ten years .'a given up the use of tea. One after bhoon, a short time after receiving the Spirit, I had a severe attack; lying down to rest and praying for health, the word was applied to me " My grace is sufficient for thee," at once I said " Lord I believe, I receive health without giving up tea or doing anything hard. I have been kept well ever since-four years. The health of the people im proved from that time. No death, but one little baby (my own), occurred that Jear. As time went on, we were led to see that something more was ne-ded for the perfecting of the work and for our own personal happiness as Chlristians. I forgot to tell you that about a year before we received the Spirit, we had been praying for some time for an out pouring of the Spirit oni the Mission, I was led to this through conversation with a Minister of the Gospel, who had been very much used in the conversion of souls. He said that therere lre other out-pourings of the IIoly Spirit than that at Pentecost; on the Ephesiains; on the Samaritan , and others (Acts :8th), (the latter simply receired; there was no outward manifestationl.) A few months after we saw this, ndtl had been united in prayer, every hlindlrance was removed, and one Sunday when Mr. M,- was telling the people about the sin of rejecting Christ, one luan was convicted and believedl in Christ. The work then went quickly on till all about one hundred, were joyful believers. Then a year after we received the Spirit aslhave told you. But God impressed ns that we had more to learn, more to r~eive. The word " In Christ)" was impressed upon me as meaning m1ore t.an we hald understood. Reading " Foolishl Dick, thle Cornishl preacher," we were struck with an experienlce ihe had. After constant prayer one day, lihe retired to a care hie frequented for private prayer, and he had a joyful experience, expressing it simply-"The Kingdom of HIeaven was revealed to my soul." SlIortly after this, a black Queenslan: girl. whls, fathelir hal been shot, and who had teen tkr ni fr,,,i her niother whenicii quit a i title gir', wanderedl from Sydney t, .Ielhrr..i --. a ipoor lost shoep," as she often calle.I lersetlf -saved in a Salvation .\riy iieeting, and taken care of hy s,,nm lassEs handed over to us by the manlager of a home for girls in Brunsuick, we toolk her in, and bravely didh she light against sin and Satan-againist tile evil propen sities of liher nature-her I'e=lting sini . Her health gave way inll a 'iFw monthli. She lay down to ,i', ihvr youth (she was only seventeen) anll energy struiggling against it. 'The life of exlosere and 'i rdship end sini bd been too nmuch for her, and her death was to lie the means of blessing to mle, aidl to many, so God called her thllroulgh much tribulation to dnter the Kingdom. Since receivilngl the Spirit Il had beeii feeling the power of the flesh warring againlst the spirit, and as dear Lucy cried to God for deliverance from her pain of body, so I cried for freedom from the body of sin, as in Rom. vii., " Who shall deliver me from this body of death !" Reading to Lucy one day in John vi., I was struck with the b6th verse, " Whoso eateth mny flesh and drinketh my blood, dwelleth in see, and I in him." I by faith, re ceived the living personal presence of Jesus, and His blood into my soul as meat and drink. Then the words came clearly to me, "If Christ be in you the body is dead." (Rom. viii.) Visiting Melbourne short y after, and conversing with a friend, I told my need of more blessing. Through continually receiv ing Christ, I kntew lie was dwelling in tme. I was taught tl.at I must by faith claim my place in Christ ilt Heavenly places. The text had been given and received as an invitation, Sit thou on my right hanlijtill I put all your enemies unmderneath your feet." I said, " Lord. I will." In Christ at the right Iand of God I hare peace. Then I felt the desire to see the glory of God, and was taught to receive the eyesalve (Rev. iii. 18), that by faith I might understand heavenly things, and see God's power and glory here in our midst saving souls fully. While on a trip to Geelong with some of our Blacks holling meetings, I asked to know fully wnhat was the Baptism of the Spirit, a:.d how I should know when it was given, and received that as fully as I knew how. At once a pressure came upoir me, making sme feel weak. Then the word, " Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost haIs coutme upon you." I understood whlnt that meant then. When I received Christ to dwell in me as true meat, I was led to leave self-bnad or goa, all at the Cross. By faith I took my place in Christ, crucified, dead-r;sen-glori fedt ; I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. To praise God used to be difti cult, but now having any mind fixed upon things above, not worried, the spirit or mind resting in Jesus above, I can sincerely assert that lie keeps in perfect peace those whose minds are stayed upon Hism. Some,atconversion, or believing in Christ do, or may re ceive, all that I have taken so long to learn and take, but I have met many who are pressing forward into tile King dom of Hleaven (fully righteousness and peace and joy in the HlIly Ghost.) The Kingdom of God can be within you, and i[oi can be in it note. Jesus says, "lie that keepeth miy sayings shall never see death." "If any man cat of this bread ihe shall live for ever." If we ntow, by faith, are in Christ thus, the following lines will be our present ex perience : "Safe in the arms of Jesus, Safe on His gentle breast, There by His love o'ershaded, Sweetly our souls shall rest.. "Safe in the arms of Jesus, Safe from corroding care, Safe from the world's temptations, Sin cannot harm me there. "Free from the blight of sorrow, Free from my doubts and fears, Only a few more trials, Only a few more tears." Haviang given self entirely over to Jesus, and receiving Him to dwell in us; reckoning self dead continually, and re ceiving continually God Himself, tihe Spirit and the Son (and we know if we have the Son, we have the Father too), we shall be kept from sin. " Whoso is born of God" (fully into the Kingdom) sinneth not, but if any man sin, the re ceiving of the blood cleanseth. If we receive continually tile blood of Jesus as drink of the soul we shall be kept. Just as in natural things if we take food regularly, we do not get weak, so if we breathe into our souls the Holy Spirit and feed by faith upon the Son of God we will be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might. I would add a word for mothers and fathers. Give your children entirely to God and follow on as lie leads for their good. Teach them to receive by faith, and their souls will grow as their bodies. Another word to mtembers of churches : Seek for unity; where there is no unity the work of the Spirit will be hindered. May the Lord bless this letter, and give power so that all who read may receive (take by faith), and believing they have taken, thtey shall have. To Christ be all praise. Your loving sister in Jesus, J. MATTHEWS. 