Marooned. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of 'The Golden Hope,' '* The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Lady Maud,' ' A Sea Queen,' ' Jack's Courtship,' ' The Frozen Pirate,' &c.; Chapter XXVI.— AN UNDERGROUND LODGING. By 2 o clock that afternoon 1 had entirely cltared the second window of the sand that rested nearly two feet thick upon it. I prized open a casement that the apartment beneath might obtain purification from the air as well as from the sunshine, and I then asked Mies Grant to step below with me and view the rooms. She had seen enough by peering through the sky lights to excite her curiosity, and moreover to reassure her mind ; and so she now let me hand her down that black hole from which she had shrunk, with her eyes ashine with dismay, in tbe morning. The coolness of the atmosphere in this cavern was nigh as refreshing as a bath after the roasting glow up above, and tne softened lignt ot it tell sootmngiy upon the eye fresh from the blinding whiteness of the sand aud the blue brilliance off the ocean, where the atmo sphere was sheer effulgence, though the afternoon sun had carried his wake around south, away from the quarters we had confronted. Miss Grant looked quickly about the place, advancing to the doorway of the inner room with a hurried survey of tbe chamber, and then her manner lost its restlessness. ' Do you know, Mr. Musgrave,' she said, ' I expected to find that you had missed some secret way of getting out of this place. I felt almost certain that this was the haunt of the person who rang the bell last night.' ' You are satisfied, I hope ?' ' I see two rooms, and only one entrance. Yes, I am satisfied,' she said, continuing to look round her penetratingly. ' Have you lifted that faded silk hanging?' referring to the yellow drapery against the wall in the inner apartment. ' No,' I answered, ' but I'll do better than lift it and so saying I went and nulled it down. It was like dragging at a cobweb. No stagnant flag rotting in the gloom of an abbey's roof over an aged stall would have parted more easily to a pull. The wall the stuff had concealed was like the others, soil and sand, solidified and shored up by a great number of stan chions and transverse beams. Miss Grant now behaved as if she were in a museum. Her face was lighted up by curiosity, and she peered at everything with the liveliest interest. The daylight lay bright in each room, and the damp and mouldy smell was fast yield ing to the aromatic air gushing warmly in, laden with tbe island's multitudinous voice, through the open casements. I overhauled the contents of the old black chest afresh, in the hope of meeting with some hint of the story of this queer dwelling-place, but found nothing to suggest an idea even. The charts, so far as I could make them out, were buccaneering maps of the Antilles and the Panama main, with here and there a rude, ill-digested, most deceptive outline stealing out of the grimy thickness of dirt and mildew. I stretched the silk to the light, but the figurations were as vague as they had shown by candle-light. The firearms were crumbling, rusty old pieces, great curiosities no doubt in their way, as were the pistols and the hangers, and indeed every piece of furniture in the place. ' And you think,' said Miss Grant, coming to a stand after the narrowest imaginable inspection of everything in true womanly style, and gazing around her with wonder unmixed any longer with apprehen sion, ' that this was many years ago the home of a pirate ?' ' Ay, no doubt of it,' I responded. ' A hundred and fifty years ago I dare say this was a very glittering and sumptuous interior. Look at the legs of that bedstead. Saw any one the til™ of such carving — I mean on so Srosaic a piece of furniture p It waa the princely ecoration of some rich galleon's state-cabin, I dare I say, and one need not shut one's eyes to realise the idea of a head like Cervantes — who, by the way, was an exceedingly ugly man — snoring on a pillow there, the figure concealed to the throat by some exquisitely worked counterpane of silk. Here is enough to set the imagination off into a brisk trot. The high-sterned pollacre, striking the glory of the westering sun from her windows into the dark blue beneath, is riding within musket-shot of the beach ; her captain, mate, and boon companions of the crew are here carousing. See them in their great flapping hats, their yellow beltB, their big jackboots, their spiked beards, and moustaches curled to their piratical eyes, roaring out some song of old Spain, with goblets before them filled with a vintage of which we, a debased posterity, can never know the generous, the magical qualities. The old villains ! they drank all the fine liquor, and left us the gout!' ' Your picture wants a heroine,' said Miss Grant, laughing. ' Oh,' said I, ' I have not forgotten her. fhe must be yellow-haired ; some Saxon sweetheart captured out of an English ship, bound, shall we say, to Rio, Miss Grant? She has exhausted the language of entreaty, wept her glorious eyes dim ; and grief, as she sits Jronder, is eating away her trembling little heart as she istens with a loathing ear to. the deep-throated chorus ings of fiie black-browed roysterens, as they sit clinking their silver flagons at that very table there, perhaps! The Lord preserve us ! what a brush has fancy— to one's own intellectual eyesight, I mean — when her pigments are such realities as yonder bedstead, those nigh-backed chairs, those queer-looking frying-pans, in which many a hearty turtle-steak has hifised, many a Friday's absolving fare of fish has spluttered! But to be serious, Miss Grant ; will not these rooms yield us the accommodation we reqhire?' She shook her head a little dubiously. -*' If we could remove that gloomy old bedstead,' she said — ' Oh, certainly,' 1 interrupted. 'A little hammer ing of it with one of those muskets should render it portable. Your hammock will take its place excellently. Then, with the skylight casement a bit open for the fresh air it would let through, and a shawl swung from that metal rod over the doorway, the room would pro* vide you with as snug a retreat as any hotel could offer ; whilst I should make my bed here ' — we were convers ing in the room which I must call the kitchen — ' ready at a moment's notice to interpose^ pistol in hand, be twixt that entrance, which your presence will render sacred, and the villainous bell- ringer, whoever he may be.' ' You do not think of sleeping here to-night, at all events,' she said. ' No, since I see how reluctant you still are. But your health is precious, and mine too is precious for your sake. A few nights of exposure to tbe damp of these moonlit heavens would, 1 fear, tell upon us both, breed a fever, afflict us with the ague, disable us by some sort of sickness, and leave us in a very bad case indeed. We have to get away from this island, you know ; and if we design to achieve our deliverance we must keep welJ.' Her good sense came to her rescue ; she perceived the truth of my words, and said she would do as I wished, only — not to-night. When that terrible bedstead had been removed the place would look more wholesome. ' Whatever I propose,' said I, 'is with thoughts of your comfort, your health, your security chiefly — indeed, nineteen times out of twenty, wholly. 'Tis a bitter, hard experience for you, and would to God I knew how to soften it, better still how to end it. But the thing looks us in the face, and we must meet it as bravely as we can. My part is that of a protector. If I know myself, I shall play it dutifully.'; She glanced at me a moment as if she would speak, then hung her head to hide the tears which filled her eyes, whilst she extended her hand, saying, ' I thank you — I thank you, Mr. Musgrave,' just above her breath. I never recall this strange wild time without asking myself whether I acted as a true, upright, high-minded gentleman should towards this lady, situated as she was, forced by stress of ocean into intimate association with me, at the mercy of my feelings and instincts as a man. 1 did my best. I know that my one whole hearted desire was she should never suffer an instant's pain, be sensible of a moment's grief, «f the lightest stir of uneasiness, through this obligation of bare unconventional companionship with me. I could summon no better government of thought for my be haviour than this resolution. But then her own frank, fearless, beautiful nature helped me. Her very purity was like a meeting of my efforts half-way. A little too much of modesty in her would have constrained me with a constant sense of embarrassment, by which I might have been led into blunders. Indeed, I have to thank her own heroic, honest, nature for the successful accomplishment of my desire, that our association on this island should be as painless to her modesty as a woman as though the formidable conditions of our isolation, which forced us close and bound us, so to speak, together, had been as stringent as they were indeed relaxing. 1 devoted the rest of the afternoon to dismantling the underground rooms ; again and again, however, inter mitting the work to repair to the summit of the hummock for a view of the sea, but without behold ing the least sign of a vessel, though never could despair have rendered human gaze more strenuously eager and searching than mine. The task I had set myself distracted my thoughts ; yet it was extremely depressing too. It was as though we felt there was no help or hope for us, and that there was nothing for it but to reconcile ourselves to our miser able lot, and effect the best settlement upon the island that could be contrived by persons who were almost wholly without resources. I caught Miss Grant eyeing the aged saucepans and fiyingpans with an air of mingled doubt and thoughtfulness, and then she presently made a little collection of them, and waB going up the steps. I asked her what she intended to do with the things. She answered that ehe meant to clean them ; they were not fit to use as they were. I looked at her delicate white hands with a movement of remonstrance in me, but then I reflected that occupa tion of any sort was good for people situated as we were, and that the soiling or coarsening of her hands would be but a very small matter indeed tide by side with the desperate needs which might presently grow upon us. But it was with something almost of a laugh of bitterness that I turned from her handsome form as she mounted the steps to the open, and resumed my work. 'A pretty leveller is the sea!' thought I. ' To think of this stately and lovely lady, who ought to be drawing close to her sweetheart, and to the com forts and refinements of a sunny and pleasant home, scouring old pots and pans upon a desert island ; with myself, a gentleman at ease, forsooth ! a Piccadilly dawdler, knocking an old bedstead to pieces, aB though he had bound himself apprentice to some old ragand bone merchant, and furbishing up a residence which even a mole might eye with distrust ! ' Nevertheless, denuded of my coat and waistcoat, and my shirt- sleeves rolled above my elbows, I continued to* toil manfully, making very little account of the gloomy thoughts that weighed on me. With the stock of one of tbe muskets I speedily demolished the bed stead, carrying it piecemeal above, where I found Miss Grant seated, shaded by an umbrella, polishing the saucepans and other contrivances with a wet rag and sand. One showed bright to her scrubbing, and she watched me with a well-pleaBed face a6 I inspected it. The fact was, there had come to my mind the story of a party 9f shipwrecked people who had been poisoned by eating'food cooked in utensils which they had found in. an old house hard by the spot where they had been cast away, and I considered our sufferings already too lively to demand the supplementary punishment of a deadly stew-pan. However, the kettle was of iron, and the other things of stout block tin, and so I went back to my work, leaving her to go on with her's. I remember 1 was sufficiently silly, as I cleared this cavernous retreat of such grimy furniture as we did not need, to continue in some small hope of meeting with something unexpected. Must I confess it ? I was weak enough to suffer myself to be haunted by a little dream of treasure. I was but a young man, with much of the boy still clinging to me. After all, this was a sort of adventure to make e\ en an older heart than mine feel virginal with romantic fancy. A cave into which the light of day may not have penetrated for above a century — as true a copy of a piratical lair as the most ardent imagination could body forth — into whi-5h tiie dullest eye could not have peered without peopling.it with a score of spectral things vital with the colours of imagination, and gathering a character of substantiality almost from the odd fantastic surroundings of dim iBilk and drapery, of a bedstead that carried one's thoughts to the great galleon with its bristling broadsides, and its mast-long pennons; of cutlass, matchlock, and hanger charged with suggestions of the Tortugas, Panama, the train of mules laden with silver, bracelets of gold on arms of ebony, and the citadel ramparting storehouses of ingots built roof-high — why, I say, it was impossible for me, with such young eyes as I then carried in my head, man though I was in years, to dis mantle such a retreat as this without the sort of hope that must have set me laughing had it been told to me of another. But I explored to no purpose. Floor iand wall were solid ; no hint of a trap-door, no sign of a secret hiding-place. Whether the discovery of a chest of bullion, or a sack full of ecclesiastical furniture in precious ore would have served to reconcile us toeing marooned, I don't know ; but on looking back 1 can not but think that we deserved some such reward, and am still weak enough to imagine that had 1 hunted more diligently yet, I might have met with it. I again examined the charts in the chest, with the hope of boing able to make a guess at the name or situation of this island, but to no purpose. Mildew and j dirt had done their work, and the tracings were as in distinguishable as the black background of an. aged portrait. I let the chest lie as it stood. When I came to look at the chairs I found them very finely carved, and old enough to have formed part of the equipment of a manor in Henry VlIL's time. The part of my work I least liked that afternoon was the handling 0f the mattress. It was a great bloated bed. I laid it upon the floor, and when I had knocked the bedstead to pieces, was about to lay hold of it to drag it up above, when I thought it stirred as though something were inside it. It was mere imagination, of course, yet I own that the fancy so frightened me that 1 stood staring at it for some moments like a fool. Then I gave it a pull to make sure that it was as light as 'I had before believed ; and not yet being satisfied, I jumped upon it, trying to make out if I could feel anything inside with my feet. This I mahaged so cleverly that I fell plump over the odd inflation of the thing just as Miss Grant arrived for another pan to polish. I saw her start as 1 got up, and toss her hands with a brilliant stare of sud den fear, then she burst into a fit 6f laughter. 'Oh, Mr. Musgrave,' she cried, laughing con tinuously whilst she spoke, and pointing to the mat trees, ' for a moment 1 actually believed it was a man that you were wrestling with.' I rose crimson with my fall and with the exertions I had been undergoing, and said, ' I believed something was alive inside it.' 'Something alive inside it!' she exclaimed, in a tragic voice, with her gravity coming back to her in a breath, and recoiling a step. It was now mv turn to laugh. ' It's all right,' said I, giving the thing a hearty kick ; ' it wa6 mere fancy ; but something seemed to move, snd so 1 jumped upon it.' I then seized hold of it to drag it up the steps, snd 1 laughed again to see how she ran. She would have confronted a band of savages, I do believe, with a resolute face, but this mattress was too much for her. I did not let go until I had got it down to the sea, where it floated away handsomely and sank. It is odd how, in such a situation as we were placed in, little things wilL affect the imagination. 1 am sure that had that mattress remained in the cave I should never have been able to occupv, or at all events to sleep in, the place. I believe I could not have consigned a dead body to the deep with graver satisfac tion at being quit of it. There was no chimney to the kitchen, but on making up a lire of wood, dry grass, and the sweepings, so to speak, of these rooms, in order to test the furnace, I found that the smoke passed out freely through the open skylight, while, despite the apparent want of draught, the fire burnt briskly enough to roast us a leg of mutton bad we such a thing. 1 should have been glad to take up my abode that same Light in these secret chambers, for I could see my way to as com fortable a bed of leaves and grass, with a rug for a sheet and another for a coverlet, as I needed to lie on, with promise besides of escape from the mos quitoes and the cold clip of the land-crab's jaws, liut Miss Grant's soft shake of the head determined me to say no more about it. It was her humour to sleep another night in the hammock under the trees, and it was my duty to be near her. I thought to myself, should the bell toll to-night, her mind may come more willingly to the underground shelter to-morrow. For my part it seemed like mocking at luck to lie all night with nothing but blue atmosphere betwixt the trembling stars and one's body, when there was as good a roof for one as old mother earth could supply close at hand. But he must be a ciever man who can even dimly guess at but a portion of what goes to a woman's timidity and reluctancc. I was mightily glad when sundown came. The tierce glare of the day striking down out ol the swimming brassiness of the skies, and flowing back in intolerable sheen, like an echoing of light, if such a thing could be, off the dazzle of coral sand and silk-smooth water, made a veritable anguish of the eye sight when clear of the shadow of the trees. The evening fell upon us sweet as a blessing, with its dewy richness and coolness of air, and the hush of the dis cordant voices of the island, in a pause between the ceasing ot the cries and screams of birds and the small, fierce, sultry concert of the insects, and ihe first notes of the crickets, and the sullen croak of the frogs. Wc sat or strolled, as on the previous night, till the moon was high, talking of Rio, of what my cousin would be thinking, of the probable fate of the Iron Crown, of our prospect of escape, and a score of such matters. Once, on the sheer rim of the sheet of glory lying under the moon, we both thought we could make out a black speck, and I never could have imagined how wildly passionate was the desire for de liverance in us both — so smoothly would we talk of our rescue, so quiet was the face we had put upon our distress — until, as we stood gazing with our hearts in our eyes at the extremity of the silver wake with the purple gloom lifting like the banks of a river to it on either side, I felt her hand in mine trembling. - lid damp with the dew of an ungovernable emotion, vtiiilst on my side my breath came and went as thick, dry, and difficult as though a poison worked in me. That it was a ship we neither of us could say. Sometimes we fancied we saw it, then it would go, then seemed to blacken out again into a tiny spot. So dead was the calm the lightest craft could scarce have floated the distance of a fathom in an hour. There was some thing almost of a physical burthen to the sensibility in the profound, stirless tranquillity that seemed to comc weighing down with the fine clear dusk of the night. You almost blessed the crickets for tbe rising and fa ling of their belllike chirping, and bent the ear to the delicate ripple of surf, for the relief you got out of the soft Bimmering noise of it. But let it have bern a ship or fancy, 'twas all the same to us. The spangled* indigo of the dome went down with its stars to the lustrous sea-line, smoothing it there to a flawless rim ; and Miss Grant let fall my hand with a deep sigh, and a sudden look of grief at me iu the moonlight, for which (here was no answer but silence. However, partly with the wish to distract her mind, and partly because of the necessity for such a thing, 1 thought 1 would see if there were any craw-fish to be obtained; so first of all 1 cut a bough from a tree which I had previously observed to be of a resinous nature, and on putting fire to it found that it made jnst such a torch as I needed. I then fashioned a shawl into a sort of bag, which 1 requested Miss Grant gto ho d, desiring her also to take her stand close by the wash of the water on the beach, ready to pick up and pop into the shawl such fish as l might have the luck to capture; then, turning up my trousers to above my bqiees, I waded a little distance into the sea, not without some anxiety regarding my toes, for I knew there would be plentv of crabs hereabouts, big and powerful, with the jaws almost of a young shark in their gripping and cleaving qualities. The smoky flame of my torch threw a yellow : illumination through'the. water to the bottom of it, and after waiting a little I was rewarded by the sight of several black objects crawling like lizards to my legs out of the darkness past the sphere of the sulphur coloured radiance. 1 dipped briskly, and in a few min utes had chucked a good round score of craw-fish on to the beach, and as fast as they fell Miss Grant picked ?tbemup, till the improvised bag writhed to the move ments of the creatures as though it were something living in her hand. She had recovered her spirits, and called out laughingly to me that some of these days she would endeavour to draw my portrait as J then stood, for she could not imagine a more romatitis scene. Ro mantic it \vas, I doubt not, and-, she meant what she . said, spite of ' the touch of banter her cordial girlish laughter gave to her speech. To see that it was so, one has but to think of xaf figure, black to the moonshine on the water, spite of the yellow tincturing of it by the flame of the torch ; twin shadows of me flung by the firebrand and the moonbeam slightly swaying on the dusky ripple that floated shorewatds into a mere wirelike' breaker, my companion's fine figure pallid iu' the showering of the silver light but clear-cut too against tiie snow-white softness of the sand which went shelving up behind ; her dark eyes nevertheless stealing out even to a brief '.gaze at the glimmering phantasm of her lineaments; the island background of huddled blocks of vegetation ; the stars jewelling the fibrine outlines of the trees ; the sweep of the land to the hummocks looking mountain ous and remote in the illusive atmosphere, and then the smooth plain of ocean glooming out into the vast dis tance with a sudden arre*t of it against the sky, and a stern bending round of its confines that made the ima gination desolate with (he sense of irremediable imprisonment. There was some labour in the occupation of dipping for the fish; but the water circled cool- to my knees— the breath of it, ? too, floated refreshingly to the face, and, . flinging away the smouldering remains of my torch, 1 waded ashore, brisk as though from a bath, and lighted a cigar with immense relish of tiie fumes of \- tobacco. I dropped the bundle of craw-fish down the hole that led to the underground rooms, and sat for a long while with Miss Grant; our camp-stools in the heart of the ivory whiteness of the tract on which 1 had slept last night, and on which I was again to sleep. Occasionally my companion would look a little ner vously towards the forest. Now that the silent night had come, thoughts of the mysterious bell-ringing troubled her afresh. Since it was imnossible for the bell to ring itself, 6he said, it must have* been tolled by human agency of some sort. No bird or beast alight ing upon or thrusting against it could have produced the varied ringing we had heard, and consequently she was certain there was a man bidden in the wood. ' AVhv should he hide ?' I Eaid, wanting to reassure her, for some hours of moonlight and gloom yet lay betwixt ns and the daybreak. ' For fear of us, perbaps,' she answered. ' If that be so,' said I, ' would not he be mad to make bis presence known by ringing tbe bell V She could . not answer this. ' Besides,' continued I, ' where would he hide himself 'i I searched the forest pretty narrowly. 'Tie true he might have a lodging in the hollow of a tree, bat you can't reconcile any motive that a man would have in concealing himself with his lusty ringing of a bell at midnight, raising about the most alarming clamour that human ingenuity could hit upon.' ' Then, Mr. Musgrave, you wish me to believe that the bell rang of its own accord, or that it was struck by some spirit hand ?' This silenced me in niv turn. For my own part, I could not make head nor tail of the matter, though, spite of the clear expression of human agency that 1 had found iu the changes of the performance of the mysterious bell ringer, 1 would have been willing to bet all I was worth that I was tbe only man on that island, as Miss A.urelia was the only woman. But it was not a thing to bother ourselves too much about. It was an odd ocean puzzle, which grew a bit wild with the deepening of tne night, and the thickening out of the dusky shadows of the little forest to the westerly drawingdown of tbe moon. But my mind was too greatly worried with other considerations to give it heed enough to render me restless on its account. Whilst we sat conversing I spied the black shape of a turtle creeping out of the creek, with the inoon spark ling in the wet of its shell. 'I must have that lady,' said I ; ' she looks but a tortoise, and a 6mall one at tl.at.' I fetched the handspike I had manufactured that day to prize open the skylight casement in the sand, and then waiting till the creature had put a good distance between it and the water's edge, I made for it, and with more dexterity than I should have be lieved myself capable of 1 slipped my pole fair between the tlippers, and with a hearty spring turned the thing fair on its back. 1 then opened my knife and cut its throat, feeling as remorseful through the horror of the needful operation as a conscience^ stricken murderer, despite my perceiving how needlessly inhuman it would have been to let the poor creature lie all night in tho torment of ?ts capsized posture, only to decapitate it next morning after all. It was a email hawk's-billed turtle, I believed weighing less than lliOlb., or I should never have been able to deal with it single-handed. 1 returned with a guilty feeling of blood upon my head to Miss Grant, and told her what I had done. ' llow shipwreck— to call our condition shipwreck,', said 1, ' forces one's hand. I should have thought myself no more capable of murdering yonder creature than of slaughtering an ox. How much of what is ignoble, of what is purely animal, comes out of one in stresses of this kind ! A man. to remain oniy a little lower than the angels, should be luxuriously fed and housed, 1 think. His vileness grows with his neecLs. The nature ot beasts remains the same in essentials, whether they be pursy with food or mere ribs with famine. But bring human nature down to such desti tution as an open boat, for instance, expresses, with out a cruuib of bread or a thimbleful of fresh water, and how base, oh, how buse ! it will show in its instincts. ' ' And all this,' she exclaimed, smiling, ' because you have killed a turtle ! Yet 1 dare say your apprecia tion of the godlike qualities of man in you would not suffer through your chasing a hare, in company with twenty horsemen, over miles of ground, or killing a long afternoon by shooting at harmless little pigeons.' She rose. ?* It is too late to provoke you to an argu ment,' she continued ; 'what is the time, Mr. Mus grave?' I brought the face of my watch to the moonlight. ' Twenty minutes past 12, ''said I. ' Have you my pistol ?' I had it in my pocket. I loaded, primed, and handed it to her : she adjusted it in her belt as on the previous night, then removed her hat, and gave me iier hand, as her manner always was on retiring to rest. I pressed my lips to it in the old- fashioned salute, grieved to the heart to think of the hardships that had befallen this brave and beautiful girl, and deeply moved too by the pathos I found in her uncomplaining acceptance of our sorrowful and seemingly hopeless condition. When she was fairly in her hammock I rigged the mosquito-curtain over her, and turned away from the beauty of Ler face, complexioned to marble by the transparency under which she lay, with a feeling that made me afmost wild at heart for a little with the sense of betrayal of the trust whose obligation, con found it ! grew more imperious in proportion as it taxed my weakness. I threw a rug upon the sand, rolled up a coat for a bolster, saw to my pistols, threw the mosquito-net over my head, and lay down This was our second night on the island. 1 felt the solitude of the place and the dismalne38 and melancholy of our look-out far more keenly than I had on the previous day. j There was something of novelty about our situation during the first few hours which worked with a little j quality of buoyancy in the spirits; but that was gone, and there was nothing now between the heart and the j crushing burden of imprisonment. The fire-flies swarmed in brilliant constellations, the tingling horn of the mosquito sounded shrill against my ear, odd midnight notes of dreaming fowl broke into the silence out of the inland dusk, down upon the ivory of the creekside lav my slaughtered turtle, with a look in it of a great stain of ink upon the moon -whitened sand that importonely and unpleasantly sent my thoughts straying away to the murder of Mr. Bothwell and the ugly blotch on the cabin floor. The brig, the mutineers, the loss of Gordon and the men, Broadwater's mysterious disappearance— why, these were things already growing dreamlike, so heavy was the thrust this last experience of ours gave even to the freshest memories, sending the latest inci dents reeling back into a sort of antiquity, till, on my oath, it seemed as long as twenty years ago since we had embarked on the Iron Crown in the Downs. How were we go ing to escape ? It we lifted no hand to help ourselves, what was to become of us? Yet, great Heaven, I thought to myself, mechanically eying the soaring of a cloud of fireflies till they looked to dance Iinto the stars and make a green and silver whirlpool of the firmament just over my head, by the mingling of their phosphor with the diamond points past them, how is a man to deal with timber which he has neither saw nor chopper to level it with ? What sort of ark is he going to contrive when he is as destitute of all appli ances for building such a thing as he is of knowledge of what to do, though he had the conveniences of a shipwright's yard within hopping distance of him ? I was restless and hot, and was in the act of sitting up with the design of lifting the mosquito-curtain high enough to bring a cigar to my lips, when the bell hidden away in the blackness behind as began to toll. ' There, Mr. Mmsgrave ! There it is again,' cried Miss Grant, almost hysterically, and in a breath 6he had sprung from her hammock and was alongside of me, with her hand on my shoulder, listening. The ringing was much the same as on the night before — first a slow and solemn tolling, making one think of some mortuary bell timing the melancholy pacing of a funeral winding a!ong a cypress-shadowed path to an ugly rent in tbe earth ; then after a pause, as though the ringer had halted to refresh himself with a drink^ a hasty clattering, a most alarming clamoious vibration, then the dirge-like chiming again, followed on by all sorts of beatings, fast and slow. ' Will you say now,' cried Miss Grant, holding my hand tiglitly, ' that there is no man there V ' Be it man or devil,' I exclaimed, ' ghost or goblin, it is a riddle we trust solve for our peace' sake. Wait you here.' ' What do you mean to do ?,' she cried, still cling ing to me. ' Why, since it is impossible to see, let drive in the direction of the sound anyhow, and listen for seme j squeal to follow, that we may know the ringing is not an hallucination ; for I protest to heaven the incredibility of such a thing is enough to make one think one's self mad for hearing it.'' She dropped my hand, and I walked towards the trees with a pistol in either fist. She followed me, how ever, holding her own little weapon, but the dense tangle, 1 knew, would stop her presently I had no intention of penetrating the wood by the road I had taken when the morning shone brilliant. If it were dark then, it would be blacker than thunder now, which necessarily increased the astonishment I laboured under at hearing the bell; for unless the thing that rang it lived within a pace I of it, its power of being able to find it amid that black ness was as astonishing as the sound itself. Yet all this j wbile the chimes continued. Whatever the ringer might be, its mood seemed merrier on this than on the , last night. It rang heartily, with a curious suggestion of enjoyment in the sound produced. The disturbed birds sent a hundred remonstrant cries, - yells, whistlings from the trees, which apparently merely: in creased the appetite of the ringer for his labour, for 'tis. _ not in mortal pen to express the preternatural wildnesB, melancholy, and I may say horror, of the sound of that secret ringing, echoing through the island outofthe:; central midnight fastness, and dying away in ghostly - tones far out upon the s:lent sea. I was as angry as 1 was bewildered. The character of the-soond staggered my doubts of there being a man . there. It seemed impossible that anything but a human hand should produce such noise. Closely fol lowed by my companion, I skirted the trees to that thin scattering of them whence I had emerged after my morning's hunt, and where I had tripped over the ring in the sand. JVlethought from this point 1 could better collect the bearings of the bell. Miss Grant soon came to a stand. Her clothing rendered the growth impenetrable by her. ' Ob, if I were only dressed as you are, Mr. Mus grave!' Bhe exclaimed, in a voice so charged with bitter vexation that it was almost like hearing her sob. ' Do not venture too far. Be cautious, for my Bake. What shall I do if I am left alone here '{' 'I will not go far,' saidl; 'stand youin this black shadow. In the haze of the moon you will be able to see anything that may run this way. - Let fly at it, will you? should it come. Only, please take carejiot to shoot me.' i. 1 With that I left her, and drove with trddging' steps through the coarse wiry undergrowth, helped somewhat by recollection of the road I had taken in the morning, and aided also by the sound of the bell. From the whole area of the island the concert of the cricketq. rose in a volume of chirruping; the croaking of the frogs was distracting; everything seemed awake, and nothing could be imagined more confounding than this sweep of multitudinous noise, closing to one's very ear as it seemed with the notes of unseen things cry ing out of the grass upon which one trod, and from the near hidden trunks of trees, and the stoop of the dusky boughs overhead. However, I had not advanced fifty paces when I found further progress impossible. There was no ques tion, however, that the chimes came from the bell 1 had inspected in the morning, so I levelled a pistol' at the blackness in the direction whence the sounds were coming, and fired. The trees all about me glanced out yellowly to the flame; the bell instantly ceased; but one had to listen to make sure, so deafening was the noise among the branches of the terrified creatures roosting up there. I levelled a second pistol, and fired again, with a renewal of the distracting outbreak over head, rolling in a wave of discordant uproar, so wild with intermingling of tropic throats, with single near yells, groans, snores, gasps, and pipings, following as it were in the wake of the rushing clamour, that the effect upon the hearing defied language. I waited a little, eagerly hearkening. The ringing had ended. The forest noises died away, and in a few minutes you heard nothing but the familiar croakings and chirrup ings, chiefly out in the open. There were too many trees in the road to render it likely I had hid the linger ; indeed, I had not fired with that idea. But I thought that whatever it was that rang the bell might come sneakingly my way, and. I strained ray hearing for any sound resembling the rustling of the coarse growth pressed by the foot ; but nothing of the sort was audible, so 1 returned to Miss Grant, and walked with her back to where the hammock was. Well, it was a mystery not to be solved by wonder. ing at it. I own I slept but little that night through thinking of it ; whilst Miss Grant next morning con fessed that she had not closed her eyes. (To be continued .) 