The lidnight Prophecy L OR, a IlEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. Fy Er llJite Gur't'foisolt JneTO s. CIIAI'TERi XXII. A GOr.ar icron. b Lldy Strathspey and Judith, who was her solo ~lttedint, took the first ounlt-going train, and j.,unclse~ on as last an steam cou:d carry tlbea touasd Aulland Oaks, in the county of Kent. A foelilg of death-like apatily and despair rze tlhe poor- wife's heat Ias she rat in an oscure eomer, lier face thickly veiled, living orer again hvcrloeamn ,t fo that loot terrible scene with her siubarld. Not one bitter word, one crueel glance, hd ashe forgotton. liut as shen realled them all, ole eitenee struck her with peculiar force. "Day alter toemorrow I will nmett your gallant colnel, anid put a hullet througs ihis heart.' b For thel flist time its true inpcrt lahed cr pon her. hler white checks grew whliter, antl her C Ireath llcae in gasps. ]id it mean a sduel? On anid on they sped, the golden noon waned, and o lthe reary autumn twilldht' bgan to fall. She would soon reach the old home of her olppy girl- a Thed. tlat that t aib: sentence rang in her t ears: 'Day after to-morrow.' The coming moraing would tie liet day. Otlv one bnrif night istervened. One night more, and her huosbad, dear as her own life-blood still, hi rpite of all his cruel injastic- herla husand mighi d be lying shtrk and dead on soetne loiely heath, a whs the stain of murder on his soul. She arose to her flrest ,ith a suppressed shriek. 'Judith, lsoe whsisiuerd in a strange, awed voice, ' how faris the ne?? st atiosn ' 'Only a little way. soy lady,' replied the girl, looking up in wonder. 'I can see the L nghts from the windows new.' ' e musat get t Cthere; I am going hack." 'My lady !' 'hIsas! Havee the baggge sent on, and asks noquonhlons. ' licr deathly white faei nsid wide, horror.fillcd eyes frightened Juditht, al slhe oh oed in silence. d They got off at tlie little wa aidn station and waited for the reteur train. to The autumn night wa waning, the stari were growing dim, and far beyond tlm purple hills the first faint ti , of dawn were hbeginningg to glow, •hen they I. 'lced the l'eurilth station, up amid thie Camh.rlaul hills. r 'Engage the firstcarias yon see,' whispered b the countess, as they got out. e Judith obeyed in wondering silence. 'Drive to thelCedars, the neat of Lady Vensir, and drive for ourlife,' aho comme n ded, as the h driver closed lhe carriang door. The shrill clarion of a cock from some scigh hooring farmyard broke the mornhing asilence. Thi countess uttered a faint cry. ' Oh.e merciful Heaven !s ' s'moaned, 'it may h we too late lriefat' she cried to the driver;, "sis matter of life ard death i Drive fist, and I will double, treble your fae ! ' The man sprang to hLt imo and Ihlaed iris horses like a mnadman. Tlhey Ilow through the dewy English hills lhe tihe wind. And tslcountesa rat like a statue, her hands locked, her wide, hrror-filled eyes watching the reddening dawn. At the Cears cvcri hig was as silnt als he to rave, Lady Virney s hiusehold slept well afiter theirarduoms dulies. T'he gransd ebi ar;ioii was to come offi a couele if days, and her ladyship andher atteadautsvery busy with preparations.i Away up in one chamber of tohm pleasat Eutg. t lish country house a solitary light was hirnming, as it hlad burned through the liralong right; anid in that chamlbr sat Colonel iiloirt Vernov, in vhose honor all this gayety and dioplay was to Very calm, and ctol, and gentlhtnaolihe was the idn u oflictr, as he sat there settlilg up hia earthly afair aned makin:g ready lir the death that the morrow might bniga. le hand full faith in his own skill, yet hie did rot underrate that ol hs enemy. Lrd Strathspey was a good shot, asd pistils were tao he tiheir weatoms. - Toe cionld had made his will and wriltte a lvi. f, oharaeatritid noti to the woman ??os was to be his wif, and a few linea of hsLntaetioll-and elplaination to his sister, who was utterly iguor ant of the awful event that was imlspeseihg. The rest of his time ho devoteld to making out a ldearand concise satemnit of altl tht Ihad oc curred between the Countess of Strathipey aid himself, in which ha fully set forth lier purity and innocence. This done, ha arose; smoked h5 inevitable cigar, and glaned out at the redden - lig dawn. Itwas time to set out. heodidnot creatoe be late on the field. He descended tlhe soairs with the same serene and spbinx-like feo he always I wore, and was in the act of letting himself oute when a violent ring at the door-bell startl'd the ehole household. The colonel opened the door, I and stood face to face with Lady Strathspey. iHe divined her errand on the instant, and led her into a small ante-room adjoining, the door of which he locked. 'The counltess dropped into a seat, breathless and sick from fatigue and excite meat. The colonel erossed to the mantel and poured out a small goblet of wine, which he coin pelled hee to awallow. 'Now Lady Strathspey,' lie said, as he glanced 1 at his watch, 'let foe hear what you have to say; I hara't any time to lore.' Thecountess looked up at his stern, icy face, and her very soul sank within her. 'Colonel Verney,' she said, 'you are going to fight a duel with my husband ? 'I aml' was the laconic answer. 'And I have come,' thr continued, iher voice thrilling wfA agony, 'to entreat yon to forgo your purpose.' 'Just what I supposed,' replied the oflicer, buttoning his coat; 'I am truly sorry, madam, at I cannot grant yourreluest ; and'now, if you have nothing more to sany, I mast bid you good morning!' He strode toward the door, but ti poor woman sprang upand throw herself at his feet. 'Oh, Colonel Verney,' she entreated, rasing er imploring eyes to his face, 'have pity on me; I am the most wretched creature in this world al ready, but if this duel takes place I shall go mad I Oh, Colonel Verney, have pity on mo I ' Madam,' questioned the Colonel, a little im patiently, 'why do yeu come tome? Wh, y not .-ak your aalnal to the Earl of Strathspey ?'. ' Becanse,' she replied, wlith an unutteiablo pathos in her voice, 'because the Earl of Strath-. spey has cast me oiff, and forbidden me ever to come into his presence--ce would not hear mac but, Colonel Verney, he is my hsbadt, and I a Lon. IEa; and on y knees I iplore you to a ave him and yourcelf froms the awful crime of murder Ie' The colonel, despit Ihis sell-eonmmand, was Ii deeply moved. lias bearded lips actually trembled, as he raised the kneeling countess and placed her in a seat. 'Lady Strathspey,' ho said, this is very pain. fal-I wish you had not sought this interview. I cannot grant your request. Your husband in- I sulted me, and then challenged me to fight him; and at this moment he awaits my cominLg ! And you come here to ask mo to back out drandbnd myself acoward?" a 'Not a coward, Colonel Verney,' she cried; ' a khristian-a man so bcld and bravo that he dares defy the pitiful estimate of men, dares dob what is right, for the sake of his own soul, for tlio sako of a miserable, heart-broken woman! a Colonel Verney have mcrcy! In the years to come, when you have a Wilf of your own, it will be a litter drop in the cup of your happiness to remember that you took my lsbautna'si life, and eat mete a suieido's gravel For yourown sake, for my poor hustand's sake, for the sake of soy a little children, have mercy I' Elio threw herself at Isis feet again, clasping his knees, and raising her streaming eyes to his face. IIeshook her aoitelmost roughly, his face growing whsite and rigid. - 'Great Heaven !' he burst out. 'I'd sooner be ehot a dozen times than endure this. Let me alone, madam, I must go I' Ie strodepast her, and, unlocking tise door, one blaze of gold, all tie hill-tops crowned with purple mist, the sweet, fresh aie alive with rejoic ing melody I Something in this sweet and olemn beauty, in the twitter of th birds, the bleatiung I the folded lambs, the breath of the opening blossoms : somosubtle inflsneoc touched this cold, cynical, worldly man's Ieart, ansd he stood still on tLie stps, getncesg solemnly around him. d Nr the lact tiie, pethaps ! "In another hour lis soul might bg in etensity ! A faint, gasping sob, frqm trhe poor womanr within, reacised his ear: the woman ihe had loved so in the days of Ihis iaimetuous yonuth. Dlie tuaned sharply on his ithe, sotting his white teeth Imrd beneath his moustache l le waso a brave man, this Indlan colonel, hut never had su:h sublise courtgo inspired Ihim as t at t toment. He strode back, and into the aultoom, where tl:hecomtess still knelt, her face stnil hidden in her hands. 'Lady Stlrathspe,' he said. curtly, 'Ill not fight your husband.' The eounteos sprang up with a cry of joy, and begsss to pourforth tier thanks and blessings, but klfoib she could utter a word the colonel was 1 gone. t And while she and Judith were being driven back to Penrith Slatlo-n, to make a fresh start for Aukland Oaks, away out ol the borders of tlei Sevenoak estate, in a secluded bottom, known asr Willow tldge, a solemn group was gathered. Thie IBil ot Strathspey and his two seondls, who were Colonel Chudleigh and a young guards man named Putney, and two gentlemen, the seconds of Colonel Verney. Everything wasin readiness: the spot selected, the distance paced off, all tihe horrible prelimin aries arrcanged, and, pistolin hIald, the haggard earl stood in the solemn hush of dawn, eager to stain his soul wilsth the awful crimo of murder. The birds began to twitter amid the willow boughs, the golden light broadened slid deepened, and presently, above the pl rlo peaks" of the Cumberhand hills, appeared tre glittering rim of the golden sun oit Colonel Gilbert Verne) had not come The earl strode up and down, gnawing at Iis moustache in his fiery impatience, and one oft tihe colonel's seonds moaited his horse and rode off to asceralt t hse cause of his dels'. Ina short space of timuo ie galloped back, bringing the start ling news that Colonel Gilbert Veeney declined to fight. 'Curse him ' musattered tie earl, white with disappoistd rage ; ' ha's a sneak and a coward, and I I shoot him down on snght, like a dog t' 'I don't iknow,' mused Colonel Chudlfigh; 'I'm inchined to theii it required more courage An Vlrney's part to give up this duel than to fight it.' CIHAPTER XXIIL I L urr's ons OnOW, T At first, as is always the case, there wan a wo drous coemmotioa over this scandal in high lifo The al dr was discullssed from thes Scottish border to Land's End, for the Earl of Strathaliey was a I noted man; it filld the public journsals, and en- I stituted the tspic for -all the tea-dritoing for aI month afterward. As a n?tter of course, public sympathy went. with thie earl. A British peer culd not possibly I t it thl wroong. It was his wife, his fair, weak wife ! t "Frailty, thy nmno is womas I"' - Lady Neville took the matter in hand, ard soon promulgatt c the poplar theory. Whatever Lady r Nevoille did was popular. ' 'l'tor Angus 1 sihe said, referring to the earl, 'his domrestic ailitions are so, sevenra lie was a man to be ,itied. lis countess is isasne I That I is the secret. Thecr was a taint of madness in the Ankland bld; she warned t earl of it before heol insrried her.' Whoever would hiave dreamed of such a romance as that shlepherd boy in the Tyrol hiungv Lord Strathspey's son, but a maniac l The earl believed the boy tbe hr r own child, born b I fore their marriage; Lady Nevill did not know a about thlt. There was a diversity of opinion rela- t tive to the ch ild's age. -But the countess ld a acotul shtamefuly, and was not to be trusted in anlything. This was the popular belief, and tie credulous British public swallowed it without asking a ques tion. ' Mcanslilel, Lord Strathspey, htopi g to drown I some of his biter anguissh, took Inmself otf to foreign ands, leavingthe divorce, and his children, nsd everything else to take care of themselves, or 1 re t, tb O are of by his apable relatiors, the h- svailehs. Sis conateso settled down very quietly in tier old hime at Ankluad Oatos, with IJuditl as oma pasions, anid romn old and devoted terants, who Shad served Is:r dead father. Very few fdendis, apart from ther?, td illtd stwe Ilatterd selad bril laut coule t;s . iu'bic opilion was aslmost ulsnid t measly agaisst hr. Even hei rlanyer, Sir Henry Gallraith, ina whosve hands shin submitted there ciaro of her little boy in thal Tyrol, even he, while lie took the cas in lmalt , and determaied to make the best lie could of it, looked upon tihe whole t hing as a spremo bit of nonusense, and upon I Ilia cliesst her?nef, as a weak, addle-brained woman, 1 who wold o e much safer lodged in a mad house. Only one of tier former friends stood by her in her fallen fortune. This one was old Doctor hrelroes. lie matd his way dotws to Autland Oaks to pay her c: consolotary visit. Tits old Scrtchman isdn lia ?ect brains , asd was i utensely practi:al in his shrewd common sense, yet strane~t naugli ha ol ioved every word of lis stray onueroriag the Tyrol lad, on theeirst hearinog. Ad he went down to Aunkland Oas to offer his old patient his aid and consola 1 tion. Mfesnswhile, JudiB, failtfal and devoted toher unfortunate lady, had her own sorrows. The fire thousand peanda, whicl was to have been her marriagelnowry, lay snuglyie the tank, awaiting her order, and she had in asdditou a nice little osm saved from hermonthly wages. Enogh? as she told herseIf, to put hlendrick and honclf far bo beyond Ike reach of want. ButlIendriek did not cme.For mone. s the Victoria, the sh-p on which he sailed, isad beensday, yet she did not come. And now, every number of the lines, that the aaltoas girl took up, contained some ite, in reofnc to the expeted steamer. Ono a week sle was seen ol this place, and the neat week offthe other, hut at test the true intelligence came. Judith read it one morning, silting inthe pretty breatfast-room at Aukload takb. S 'Lost at Sm,' in omisious capitals heades tlIe Stolumn of marine initelligienc ;uasd the simple aeeount followed. Tise truth had been got at in a regrod to thnissing steamer 'nilctoa. Shm was burned in the Chioese waters, and not one of her gcrw escaped. Not onet IIope died isi Jsditli Ford's heart, as .eke read t these last words, asid a hopo that was very dear to tier. Sine was squiet, eelf-posseassd girl, bat tier affections were very deep, and siue loveditlis sailor lover,as few women, lov. Yet saltttered no cry; ut Only the reddy crimson left her tre cheeks, and she looked uot at the window, against which the wintry storm was beating, with blank desolation in her eyes. . Si heras an orphan, without kith or kin in the wide world, and just at that moment, her marriage dowry, and her little hoard of earnings, w seemed worthless. She uttered a dry sob. The t countess, musing before the fire, heard it, and looked up. The girl's blank, hopeless face startled liher. ' What is it, Jaidth !' she asked. Judith crossed to where she sat, with the e Times in her hand, and her fingers on the para- I graph. a ' The Victoria's lost, for sure,' she said, 'and Ilendrick'a gone I' a There was an indescribable pathos in her quiet | voice. Lady Strathspey's eyes filled with tears as n she glanced over the item. She put out her arm, I and drew the girl to her sde. Overcome by her b lady's kindness,tJudith dropped on her knees, and rested her head on her shoulder, weeping quiet, but bitter tears. The countess stroked her broin hair carvs- a singly. 'Poor Judith-good, faillhful Judith,' she said, 'if it is true, we shall be nearer and dearer fricnds than ever, frulds in the sacred bonds of I sorrow.' . And it was true I The Victori never returned, and Hendrick was gone I CHAPTER XX1V. -t Lt WHiICe LAIY DnU atIMUD MAKES A SUGGESTION. 11 Theo Lond.n season set in, and- Lady Cecilia Drummond and her circle of gay, ad mirers took flight from Carendish Manor and i opened the baronet's town house in Grosvenor sq.are. ' The baronet was quite bountifully asuplied w-ith wealthl; otlherwse he never would haveb been my Lady Cceria 'a husband and the ap oinhtmets of his town house were very magni ficent, Lady Drummond and Lady Neville were the beat of friends. Their elegant mansions were in t the same locality, and they met continually at the fa.hionable assembli s, which both fre quested. It was at Lady Drummond's first tall of the b season that their first meeting, after the separa tion of the earl anslid is wile, took place. A very charming afair was this ball, got up on the grandest scale, and attended by the very crnme dee la creroe of West End Society. Lady Drummond was the queen of. hosts, and her entertainments were always largely atLended. The spacious drawing-rooms were illed with i beauty and splendor on this her first night t; costly silks, and priceless jewels, and asit scented blossoms glittered and glowed in the light of the swinging chandeliers; ann ever all throbbed the be?ildering sound of exquisite music. .-Mylady, in suberb black Lyons velvet, with rubies in the licea at her throat and amid her black hair, looked more entrancing than ever, and her dear'iven hundred friends werlcomed her back with the most flattering assurances of e delight. She did the honors in the' most approved b manner. h She seemed ubiquitous in her graceful r attentions ; siiling radiantly on one, speaking a pleasant word to ano.her, and breaking hearts at I random with the glances of her glorious eyes. She danced and sang, and fairly outdid her self in the way of being charming; and yet, never perhaps in all her slfe before, had the fair t Cecilia feltasoro despondent. When the ball was fairly under way, and every ops was being amused and entertained, she i stole out from the crowded drawing-rooms into the dim, cool silence of the conserva- o tory. One olittlecompartment, filled with rare foreign plants,and shut off from the whole by glass doos, a was secure from intrusion. " \- This she entered, and closing the door after her, she threw herself into the rustic seat with a a sigh df relief. - Lady Drummond had looked for the Earl of £ Strathspey at her ball that night. 'Hae can eome in a quiet way, witlhyon and Sir Harry,' she wrote in her note of invitation to Lady Neville; 'it will do the poor man good to h mingle with his friends, and where is the impro priety? ' But instead of availing himself of her invita tion and attending tinu ball in a quiet way this provoking peer had taken himself oef to Sicily for Lady Cecilia sat down, and pushed back the n heavy braids from her forehead, her dark brows a corrugated with vexation. - SGoane to Sicily' she soliloquised; 'gone, and . I counted so much on having him here Of 0 all provokiog men,Augus, ,1ail of Stratlhspoy,is mos provukiug! Bit I'll have my revesgo.yetlt I will !" r She set her white teeth, andlocked her jewelled ' hands in fierce determination. . The music throbbed upon the perIfmed air; the rhythmic murmur of dancing feet sounded faint and far away. She forgot herself and her duties in the mad- . denaing memories that crowded on her. She seemed to be back again in that far- away morning of youth and hope. How happy sie was ! How beautiful she was, and how she loved himl - " This very provoking man, Angus, Earl of Strathspey, how she loved him in his manly, Saxon strength, with the honors of all his race descending to him alone. How he thrilled her with tine glances of his handsome eyes, and won ter with the flatteries of his honeyed tongue I e How he called her his own, his bride,his countess, and then at the very last when she almost felt l the coronet upon her brow, cast her off, and at c his father's bidding, married another b And that other, the pnoe woman in all the n world whom she most hated--larguerite, daugh. ter of Sir Roland Ankland, heiress of Ankland 1' Oaks. - And but for this Marguerite, this blue-eyed I Pearl of Kent, as she was called, through some e kindredship on thse fathers side, the baronetcy of Aukland, together with the old clateau in PFrane, and all tihe Anklend moneys, wounld havre desended to .-Cecilia Coavendish, of Cavredish i Mannr. h Slat the bloe-eyed Pearl of Kent lived and r thrived, and the Lord of Strathspey Towers weon down nod wedded her. . And s?a, gra..d-nice0 of a duke, with all her t haughty pride and queenly beauty, was left for. - saken in her dreary old manor-honse,with scarcely a poustl of ready cash. 1I Thinking iall over, her dark cheeks flamed, 1 and a halerallight blazed in her blank eyos. No. - thing short of a complete revenge would ever I cancel that bitter wrong, that terribly hamilia- i lion. Aiguas of Strathrpey had blighted her life, I atnd left her to marry an imebegtle old baronet for the sake of his gold and title; and as surely would ash blitght his, and bring his proud head down in the dust at her feet. Sitting in the dim light of'ithe conservatory, with the gorgeous blooms naouannd her, this woman looked the impersonation of a beautiful I fiend in her costly robes and jewels, her ramre face distorted by the most malignant passions tihe human heart ever knows. A restle of silken drapery in the adjoining apartment startled her. It was Lady Nevelleo, who came in to look at the flowers and get a breath of fresh air. A proud and regal woman, very like the earl, her brother. She picked a cluster of helo- I trope, and sat down, inhaling its fragrance. Lady Drummond arose on the instant and hur ried out. 'MIy dear Lady Neville,' sle said, sinking down on an opposite seat, 'l tog your pardon. I was chokmg with the heat and ran in here. I hope itis not growing tedious in the drawing rooms ?' '01h, dear, no,' replied Lady Neville, as sioe fastened the heliotrope in the lace of her bosom; 'I I nevsr saw a more snecessful ball. Your balls are always suecessfl, Lady Drum-. mond! ' Are they, my dear Lady Neville ? If you say so, I'm content. But I beg yourpardon ! I fancy you looka trile paler tlhan usual. Are yoea quite ' No, niot entirely well; 'I felt just the least fait twhen Ileft the ball-room.' L·ady Drummond eaught up her little silver bell and tinkled it. I, an instant a page sted before her. 'A bettlo of port,' she said, 'and some Sglasses.' ' Deligllfol old port, Lady NEville,' she ex r plained, as thie page returned with the requisite i articles on a silver tray; ' Sir Varney pronounces t it unsurpassed. Just one glass, 'twill rutn through Sour veins like fire, She poured out a couple of glasses, drinking one herself while Lady Noville sipped the other. f 'I'veo not been myself,' said the latter, 'for a week or two, indeed not since-that sad affair of f the earl's.' ' Lady Drummond nodded sympathetically. t "Tis a terrible allliction,' continued Lady 1 Noville, putting down her glass, her blonde v cheek flushing from the efflcts of the wine. "I can't barto to think of it. Poor Angus humiliated I But he deserves it. He should never haromarricd i an Auland ' d 'I beg your pardon, Lady Neville,' smoothllly put in Lady Cecila, ' but the taint of insanity is not in the Aukland blood, it comes from the mother's side ; your brothei'"s wife's mother was a Rowland, and the taint comes from the Rowland blood.' ' Does it indeed ? Oh, dear ie, I really beg I your pardon, my dear Lady Drummond, I did 1 not think-you are connected with the Auklands, I are you not r . 'Remotely,' replied Lady Drummond, with a a epresse-d flash in her eyes. 'Don't distress ourself, my dear friend, I'm not a bit offended. 1 I'm quite sure I do not inherit the family taint.' ' Well, the Anklands are a fine family,' con- I tinned Lady Nevillo, 'and poor, dear papa was rager fer the match. Indeed, heo commanded it, t I believe. 'Angus had got into some entangle ment, and poor papa wanted him to marry. But dear mamma and I warned them of this very I thing. And now it has broken ont. So sadlor t man like Angus, so young, and with such a carces.biefore him. lles conmpletely broken down; ; so heart or spirit for anything.' 'Does he contemplate getting a divorce?' asked Lady Cecilta.piosing lher hand against her heart to still its fiMreo throbbings.b ' He did, at first-or rather we persuaded him to do so. But he has changed his mind again- I he say's he won't suffer the disgracefll affair to i be dragged before the public. You see, lie f believes lis wife to be guilty of criminal conduct. i I don't speak of it, but you are a dear friend. All f that story of the child, you know, which the v countess fancied was her own, and insisted that the earl should acknowledge-I believe it all to a be nonsense, the vagaries of a maniac's brain; but Angus,' lowering her voice, and speaking c confidentially, ' believes the boy is her own, born t before her marriage.' t ' Really ! And where is the boy?' questioned Lady Druii mond. - 'I scarcely know-somewhere in the Tyrol c thoough, I think. Oh, 'tis just the most absurd v tfing. A poor peasant's child that she chanced to fancy.' . Lady Cecilia's eyes gleamed like those of a panther about to spring. b ' I wonder,' she suggested cautiously, 'if esh, th countess I mea', ould have eonnived at the I abduction of ieu own babe,in order that this child might supplant him.' 'Tiu horrible to think of, but Angus believes i 'He does, poor man; how I pity him,' Lady I Drummond said, her eyes gleamingwith a wicked e triumph; 'it will be had to have it dragged before t the public for hcr children's sake. If were con corned, I should stop it.' - 'We are trying. Sir arshall has seen Gal- c braith and requested him iot to take her case in hand. Site is taking steps to have the child's rights, as she fancies them, established.' Lady Drummond laughed, a peculiar, rippling n peal. r 'Dear me,' shi said, !if I were the Earl of Stratlspcy, and that woman's husband, though p she's my cousin in a remote degree, how effect- c teally Iwould stop all this scandal.' '1ow ?' questioned Lady Neville. ' How Simply enough. I would excrcise a husband's authority, and shut her up in a mad house, where she could not harm herself or others.' Lady evillo started. Clever as she was-she had never dreamed of this, and it appeared so I easy, and not at all cruel or wrong. She was an v intensely proud woman, and this was eanch an effectual way of hushing up the scandal. If the earl were only in England. f Lady Drummond watched her keenly, and saw t that lhr arrow struck home, as she intended it should. 'And the dear littlo children!" she asked, 'how are they?' 'Oh, quite well; only Lady Pearl grieves for hermother. Angus is a perfect stoic.' 'Ha's like the Stratlhspey's; isn't hie?' ' Well, yea, I suppose so; at least he will be as he matures." ' Lthought the likeness very striking, as Ire. m?ember hiin,' said Lady Drummond, with a most wicked smile. 'Poor little things, it is so sad. But the very bast have tllheirtroubles; it will alltblow over in a little while. Don't worry your salf ill, dear Lady Neville." 'I'll try not,' replied her ladyship, as she I arose; ' and now I suppose it is our duty, or e your duty rather, to return to the drawing rooms. But really I am in no mood for gayety ; and dearest Lady Drummond, if you'll allow me Itlhink I11 order my carriage and drive home." Lady Drummond was deeply grieved, of course, yet she yielded her consent, and tim sister of Lord Strathspey departed, her brain filled with the new purpose that her friend's words had suggested. CHAPTER XXV. vice arvrsmous roan a rn.l. The Countess of Strathspey found herself hedged in with difliculties on every hand. The estates of Aukland Oaks, and the French chateau were her own, but thern was no available money, andit required cash in abundance to institute and carry on a lawsuit. Moreover, when showent to her'lawyer, Sir Henry Galbraith, with a great many apologies, and in very polite phrase, he do. clined to take the case in hand. IHo had never lost a case, and he did not care to lose one. Ilers was simply hopeless. The Earl of Strathspey had accepted and aeknowledg-d one child as his own, and there was not ths least proof in the world to establish the claims of this other one: Nothing but the fact that he had a similar birth mark.- A dozen children in the kingdom might have the same thingI It was a weak ease. and ho was forced to detliue either advice orsetion in regard toit. The countess went away bitterly disappointed, yet forced to acknowledge the truth of what the lawyer had said. She had no heart to make an other effort. The winter sw~t by slowly and drearily at Auk land Oaks. Dark days anddismalsnights to poor, heart-broken Judith and tier lady.. And spring brouglht them no hype. Tie young foliago bi.gan to sprout upon the oak boughs, and tIe Kentish hop-flelds to grow green in the genial sunlight, but for these two there came no rift of light, no ray of SLady Strathlispy made no effort to oe hber own children. lier husband's decree could not be dis obeyed. Much ao she sihungered, in I?- motherly tenderness, for little Pearl, even for poor, sallow cheeked Ans, sithe made no effort to see them, bhLady Neville sent her no tidngs in regard to With the oening of the warm weather, she slind Judith jour yed down to Dover, and across the Channel, and into the green valley of the Tyrol. The shepherd's cottage was unchanged. The old man aid his wife still lived, and little lomulus was growing to be a hne lad, stout andsturdy, and very handsome in his Saxon fairness; and with every year the msrk upon his fair, round arm, grew deeper alderddier. Rtd the old.rwoman had a strange story to tell. "Only a week before," said she, "a strange woman had been there, a handsome womari, dark and tall, but with a wicked look in her eyes. She wanted to see the child the Countess of Strath spey had senct her.. Little Romnls ws scalled up and paraded before her, and she stared'at him as if he were a ghost, her face growing white, and her limbs shaking under her. Then sheo went away, hbut the next day she returned, and sa?d the countess wished the boy to he brought to Eogland, and had sent her to pay the old people for their. trouble and take lIim away. Bit the old people refused to glee him up, and held on to him iu the face of all this strange, dark woman could say and do." Lady Strathspey grew shite with terror, as site leard this story, and she drew the child to her bosom witll a convulsive clasp. 'My darling, you are all I have," she sobbed, 'and they would rob me of you.' 'And you did not send the strango woman then, my lady ?.' questioned the old man. 'Send her . Oh, no, no I' cried the countess ; " it is some vile conspiracy, some cruel fallsehood, tiget him ni out of the way. But they shall not, they shall not have himl I My own boy, my darling, my darling I' lorroulus looked up with wondering eyesonly dimly comprehending the cause of the beautiful lady's tears, and listened greenly while the countess and the old couple discussed their plans for the future. Lady Strathspey desired to take tihe boy to England, and deeply as it grieved them to give him up, they thought it would be better. Io might be stolen from them, and it was time, as his amother said, that his education was being cared for. Their arrangements were made accordingly, and after a few day's sojourn in the valley, the morrow was appohinted for their departure. The afternoon was unspeakably lovely. A May afternoon amid the sunhight Alpine peaks. Lady Strathspey took her little boy by the hand and started out for a walk, leaving Judith to assist tihe old woman in her evr-ening labors. She strolled along the edge of the valley, the great mountain peaks towering above her, little Iomulus gather ing blossoms and skipping pebbltes, and Welf, the grim sheep.dog, tottering along behind. Tirhe boy ran on shooting, anid laughing, and. shaking the blonde ringlets over his bright ble eyes ; such a handsome, manly little fellow, sn like his father, tihe husband who Ihad wronged and insulted her eruelly. The countess watched him, iher heart swelling and her eyes overflowing with tcarr." Preasently tllay came to a lovely little nook at the very foot of a great cliff, a mossy bed all over grown with wild blossoms and red berries. Lady Strathstiy sat dotn on an arct.iug rock, while IRomulus gathereo berries and h res ablossomns anrd twined them into a garland for Wolf's neck. The afternoon sonshine stroeamed around them in rifts of gold, and fho murmurr of the river and the notes of the ring-dove filled their ears with music. In a little while a flock of goats came bleating by on their way to the cottage fold. Wolf pricked up his eare and stared after them, and little liomulus followed, shaouting and laughing at the froliesome gambols of tltl kids. Sroiling sadly, the countess arose to follow, when all at once, as if the yawniefg mountain had sent it forth, ablack figure arose before her, a tall, shadowy figure, with a wild, unearthrly face. 'Countess of Strathspey, it cried, with that same mocking laugh, in that same terrible voice she so well remembered, 'have not my !words. come true? You are robbed of your wealtht and titles, scoeeed by your husband, and derided by the world. My hour has coma.' Lady Strathspey reeled back against the rocks talf-finting in her terrible fright; but a shrill cry, a child s cry, aroused her. She started for ward just in =time to see the black-robed ligore disappear round the cliff, hearing little Romulus in its arms. The boy was struggling to get free and his cap had fallen off, leaving his fair head bare. The poor mother never forgottrot aight. With one wild shriek of agony she darted a'etr them, but when she turned round the base of the cliff they were nowhere to be seen. Wolf, the sheepdog, leaving his care of the goats, started off in pursuit, keeping his nose to the ground and bsying deeply. But the scent seemed to baille hidh. In the green valley beyond the clit there was nothing to be seen but thle brc siuggoats and tie peaceful May sunshino ; and tIe poor animal, enscious it seemed that his little neovmato wa? gone, ran back to the spot wlhiroe hi cap ay, and crouching down bfsidoit, howled mournfully. Lady Strathspey made her way back to the eottsage ?nd told her terrible story. The ale mran started out and sdmmonod his neighbors to help hime. All night long, from the rising to the esotting of the stars, they trauntedr scouring trei valleys, climbing tie hold cliffs, peeringrinto the recky caverns, but little Itomulas could not obe found. 