.- TWICE TRIED," A LOVE STORY,.,,, By ANNIE S. SWAN, Author of !' Aldersyde," " The Gates of Eden," "A Divided House," etc., etc. OAAPTERXXVII. DARK HOURS. Kitty was unable to understand what was the matter with her mistress. She had watched her walk tip the tireet' with Mlra Harrington that afternoon,' and thought she had never seen her look an well. After an absence of little more than two hours she returned in a cab, looking like a person who had been seized by a fatal illness. The face, to which something of. a. girlish,bloomn.had been restored in the sunny South, was once more pallid and worn, but the anduish written so plainly upon it was what caused Kitty the keenest distress. "Oh, ma'am, my dear lady, what has happened to you 1" she exclaimed, when site opened the door, ",Youn look as if you hsad seen a ghost." "So I have, Kitty; so I have," re turned Mras Angus, almost in a whisper. "Put a fire in my dressing-room, my girl, and let me lie down there. When did you say the girls were tb come home I" "Tonmorrow, ma'am," replied Kitty, taking her mistress's pwrtmolteaic and sunshade from her trembling hands, and offering her strong, willing arm to assist her upstairs. "I am glad it is not to.night. We will be alone and quiet together in the house," responded .Mra Angus, wearily. "Get sme something warm to drink. I feel as if it were winter instead of May." " Will the master he home to-day, do you think?" asked Kitty, when they reached the dressing-room, and her deft fingers were busy unfastening bonnet strings and mantle. "I cannot tell," said Mrs Angus, with a low moan. "Oh Kitty my girl, pray for your poor masterand mistress. They have need of it." Kitty, more distressed and mystified than ever, made lno reply, but made haste to put a match to the fire, and to arrange the pillows of the couch for her mistress's aching head. :Mrs Angus took off her walking dress, threw on a loose morning robe, unfastened the coils of her magnificent hair, and wearily sank on the couch. Every atom of physical strength seemed to have deserted her; she felt weak as the veriest infest. Kitty ran up for a cup of ten, which she feverishly drank, and, refusing anything mo.r sub stantial, asked that she might not be disturbed. "If anyone calls, Kitty, say I am too indisposed to appear. I cannot see even Mrs Harrington should she come in." "Very well ma'am, I will attend to it," responded Kitty, and she stile away rather disconsolately downstairs, wonder=. ing what new and terrible trouble had fallen upon the house: Unable to move, Joan Angus lay with her dazed head buried among the cushions, trying, even as her husband had done before her, to think out this thing which had been revealed to her. I dare not try to describe, or attemnpt to analyse, her state of mind. The terrible truth in volved manny painful complications for her, but for a titme only one fact was present to her mind-that she and her husband must part at once, and for ever. Remem ber how long anod how truly she had loved him, reflect onu the years of her happy wifehood, ont the undying and sacred memories whiich bound her to him in a tie which she had hoped only death would break, and imagine something ,of the agony which rent her soul. She lay perfectly still while the first waves of the tempest broke over her, but the clenched hand, the pain-drawn brown, the ashen lips told their pitiful tale. After a time tihe other aspects of the matter bean to crowd in upon her, asnd she realised in a flash that her life was ruined. Hence forth she must be a homelelees, hane less waif, drifting alone attd uncared for on the sea of life. And she had been so shappy, so favoured among women, so honoured amonng her fellow-beings. Had she grown proud ansd hard of heart, she wondered, that so awful a punishment should be meted out to her Then she thought of her little child, and a wave if healing swept across her. Fur the first time, I believe, Joan Angus really thanked God in her heart that He had taken the child to Himself. The mystery of thait hard dealing was in a moment made plait, for had the child lived what name or place could lie have had among his follow-men 1 At length the over-driven brain, weighted by its heavy burden of thought, pressed upon the eyelids until merciful slumber came. It was the sleep of utter exhaustion, mental and physicl ; so heavy and dreamless that when Kitty stole into the room late at night the tired head did tnot oven stir upon the pillow. The faith. ful girl, with tears in her eyes, softly drew a rug over the prostrate figure and stole away agaitn, ti. wonder anew what the trouble could be which in a few hours' tittle had wrought so dire a change. Site waited uuntil she thought her master had ample time to come from the station, should he have arrived by the evening train from,the North, antd then, after another look at her still slumbering mistress, she retired to rest. About four o'clock shte heard her mistress stirring, and at once sprang up atid ran down to light the kitchen fire, so that ahe might have soon her much-needed breakfast. The early sutshline was streaming in at the window whets Mrs Angus awoke, and, rising slowly, she dragged her feeble limbs across the roemn, asnd drew up the blind. Ohl, how fair the sweet sumnmer morning, how bright the aunshhite, hsw green the leafy trees in the gardens, how loud and glad thle singing of the happy birds I What a mockery it all seemed ! For the first timein her life Joan Angus closed hier eyes to shut out whalt had ever given her keenest delight. She walked back to the couch, sat down, and, folding her arms across her breast, stared in a vague way before'her. A new day had begun-Ithe day on which, probably, Robert would come back. Withl what words would site greet him-in what words tell him of the blighlt which had fallen upon them I Would it not be better far, she asked herself, to go away before he camei leasving as explanation behind 1 Would they not thus be spared needless agony I Prudence said it would be the wiser way, hbut the heart whispered no. She must see him oncee more. She must creep into his arms, and lay her head a moment on his breast; lshe muset hIear a word of love to carry with liher into the desolation of the future. They nmust look into each other'a eyes once nmore, reading there true, abiding love--sy, for the last time. Not onse gleam of hIope was cast upon the darkness-it was a vast, intolerable, rayless despair, encompassaing her like the blackness of eter'nal night. The weary day wore on. Onlyoncedid Joan Angus quit her dressisg-roomn', sand it was to wander, vagnely and aimlesaly through thie Isouse, perhaps to take fare well of all that Isad beens associated with her lost happiness. ,.1t tried herstrength, fur when she again.returned;to her own room she was glad to lie down again to rest her trembling limbs, though-there was no rest for.the throbbing brain. In theafternoonh thether two maids returned to their duties- lookine forward to brighter days; only to find that somb bew and heartbreaking cloud litd falldn 6a'the Itouse. Trowards ervensing a strange, deep peace scentmed to conie upon Joan Angus, a pretpartioe, as it: wnre, foi the keener ordeli he had yet to endure. She was resolved to be calm, to spare Robert tlhe sight of.the anguish whic she should carry with her intto the dim shaldes of thle desolate future; she would do herutmosttosof'en the blow for him. The day wore on, the sun sunk slowly to his rest 'mid a blaze of golden light, and the sweet summer dusk stole softly, tenderly, over the mighty city.: The stars were trembling in the lotidless alsky wrheb R'bertiAngue, 'with slow andheeavy step,.came up the quiet street'to his own door. IIHe had thougst himself strong to tell Joan the truth, but niiio 'hmri tho ordeal' as 'Bo hear,' he shrank from it' with a great shrinking. He pictured the radiant face paling'at the cruel words; he pictured the light' slowly fading out of the sweet, serious eyes ; he saw the beautiful, sensitive mouth quiver with pain ; ay, he saw it all.:. There were no lights in the front windows. Dining room, drawing room, and study alike seemed to be in darkness. What did it mean Kitty answered his knock, and he wondered why the girl looked so anxious and pale. " Oh, sir, I am so glad you have come back," she said, quickly, "I thought you never would come. This has been such a long, terrible day." "Why I Your mistress is well, I holiot Why is the ouse in darkness? What haL happeriedl', he tiked,.quiekly. I ( ) " Mrs Angus is not well, sir. She has been very ill airce yesterday. I think she has had some bad news or something. It is a terrible trouble, any way,"said Kitty, anxious to prepare her master for the change in his wife. " Where is she " he asked, briefly. "In her dressin'-ronom, sir. I think she expected you about nine to:night. .. -Robert-Angti's did not hlaer the latter part of the girl's sentence, being already half way upstairs. The door of the dressing-room was a little ajar, and a broad line of light sh'ddbi 'the glowine fire wa cast 'upon the crimson carpet on the landing. Its velvet pile deadened his footifll,ýatld Ie reacledlthe/'door without disturbing the inmate of the room. He saw the recumbent figure, the dark hair lying loosely over the white dressing. gown, but he could not see the'face I, He entered the room, closed the door, and his wife sprang up. "My darling my darling Has the blow fallen already 1 Am I spared the pain from which, God help me, I have shrunk too long 1" he cried; hoarsely, and gathered her in his arms as if he would never let her go again. For a minute or so she lay still in his arms with her white face drooped upon his breast, so still that he was afraid.. "Speak to me, Joan. My wife,my darling I" he said, almost wildly. "Let me see your face. What is it has happened to you! Have you:found out what has made the past few weeks one prolonged agony to me " " ias me, Robert, only once," she said, in a low still voice, and raised her colourless lips to his. He kissed her not once, but again and yet again, calling her by every endearing name, until at length she drew herself very gently away., '"Let me go now," she said, very quietly. " Tell me what you were talking about 1 What blow do you refer you 1 Do you know. that Amy Burnett, your former wife, is still alive l" "Yes, I know. H'ow and when, my poor darling, did you discover it " he asked, controlling himself by a mighty effort. ; "Yesterday at Lady Finch's. Yoi knew she was there 1.How long have you known it " she asked, in low, clear, passionless tones. :1 .- , I :V, "* , r .b. ,: I!' Since the day Eric died," heaanswered, almost as one might have answered to a judge. "That is three months ago, Why was I kept in ignorance so long I" "Joan!-wifel Don't look at me with those eyes!" he exclaimed,. hoarsely. "Oh, my darling, if you only ktew hlow I had been tempted and tried. I could not have told you then. It would have killed you." " I-I thought you loved me," she said, unsteadily, but swayed a little where she stood, but when he would hare put an arm about her she nwaved himi back. "You have allowed me for three months to occupy a false position," she continued and her clear eyes looked bright and fear less into his. " What have I done to be so treated Did you not know me well enough to feel sure that any certainly, however terrible, would be preferable to that l" "Donot be so hard upon me, Joan Lot me plead my case with you. I have been weak, erring, unjust to you if you will, but it was because I loved you. Look at me, and toll me ifyou think I have liet suffered-" " How long would you have continued to deceive me had I not disivored the truth for myself " 'she':iieirdti1ted. "lie more merciful, Joan !" fell hoarsely from Robert Angns'a lips. " Believe me when I swear to you that I was on my way to tell you the whole truth. My father knows, so will his wife by this lime. Do notlet me plead in vain for for. giveness. Oh, my wife! my wife !" "Go-away-for a little, please, if you love me, Robert," she said, with great difficulty; "just a little while, please. I must be alone. I cannot bear it.' Her look was so imploring, so intense, that he dared not demur or disobey. When she was once more alone, a great dimness came' before Joan Anguu's eyes, and she sank on her knees before the couch. The final blow had come, the idol she had set up for herself to worship was shattered to atoms at her feet. The hua band she had adored and reverenced, as a king amniiiigti' shi felo'',', a man upright and honourable above any she:had ever tmet, was common clay. She boned her head upon her clasped hands, and one voiceless prayer ascended from her breaking heart-" Let me die I" S' (To be contidited.) ' 