CREMATION FROII A RELIGIOUS POINT OF VIEW. A favorite class of objections is, that cremation is dishonoring to the human body. The heathen, it is urged, might ragard it with contempt, because in their eyes it was the mere instrument of carnal indulgence ; but the Christian recognises in it the temple of the Holy Ghost and the companion of the soul throughout eternity. As such it deserves all possible honor. 3STo believer will undervalue this argument. But it seems strange that the destruction of human remains by fire should be regarded , as more degrading, at all events, than the ordinary progress of corruption. I do not propose to enlarge on " the horrors of the charnel-house, the loathsome banquet of the beetle aud the worm," which Washington Irving has so graphically represented as being the favourite study of a mind which had become morbidly insane. Jt cannot be doubted that they were designed by Providence as a rebuke to human pride ; nor can they ever fail to be so. Yet it is lawful for man to mitigate the evil resulting to himself from them, even as it i3 lawful for him to allay by medicine the agonies of disease. And why should fire be accounted a degrading agency at all 1 It is the Divinely appointed means of puri fication-the purification which all must undergo-the trial (St. Mark ix. 49 ; 1 Cor. iii. 12) which will test their work on earth, whether they are to be presented, cleansed, and sanctified before God or consumed by His wrath. What fitter process whereto to subject the body i What more suggestive of solemn and wholesome thought] Everything con nected with fire in the Scripture is grand and ennobling. If it- is the emblem of God's wrath, it is also the emblem of His mercy. In fire Ho appeared to man in the wilderness and in the temple. In fire He came down on the Day of Pentec03t. It is to fire that the sacred writers have likened the Deity Himself (Deut. iv. 24 ; Heb. xii. 29). If we would have a case still more directly opposite to the burn ing of the body that of "Elijah cannot be overlooked. He was taken froin Elisha's side in the fleshly body, but he. must needs have been purged away by the firs in which he was enveloped. Fire being the emblem, of clearing away all in us tliat offends bur Maker, it seems strange ' in deed that any should consider its appli« cation to theliuman body after death as degrading -Churchman. King Alexander of Servia.saya a London TIMES writer, is not yet thirteen years old; but he is precociously developed and looks as English boys do at fifteen or sixteen. Ifc seems but a short- .fvhile a^o that he was being photographed in a sailor's dress and knickerbockers ; but now, in his col onol'a uniform, he stands as tall as the three regents, and has acquired agood deal of self- possession. He has bright features,- but not an in tellectual face. His forehead is low, and little of ifc would be seen if he did not wear his hair close-croppted. He has large, soft eyes and a quick,pleasing smile; but a physiognomist would say that the mouth and nose shoved indecision of character. 