MISS ISABEL MORRIS' BENEFIT. Miss Isabel Morris was tendered a compli mentary farewell benefit at the Theatre Royal last night, when there was a crowded bouse, and the beneficiary was warmly welcomed on her annearance ns" Pauline. One actonlvfthe third) was given, but it is tbe most dramatic of all, and enabled Mr. Ohas. Warner, as Claude; to join with Miss Morris iu a powerful render ing of the familiar scene. Tho programme, which was due to tbe co-operation aud enter prise o fMr. B. N. Jonus, opened iwith scenes from the first act of 44 Hamlet." by tho Town- hall Dialectic Association, and although the appearance of amateurs in famous rdlcs asso ciated with the best professional skill the stage of the day can yield is to be deprecated on genoral principles, yet last night's players must be credited with an audible and letter-, perfect rendering of tho scene and with alto gether a successful debut. The cast placed Mr. Richards as Hamlet, Mr. M4Rae as Ghost, Mr. LaytOn as Horatio, Mr. J. Palinerns Uarcelhi8, and Mr. Patou us Bernardo. The actors gained the attention oi tho house, and were warmly recalled when tbe curtain fell. Mr. Charles Warner sploudidly dressed and well- made-up for the part next crossed the stage as Romeo, followed by Mr. H. H. Vincent as Merculio, and Mr. Richard Stewart, jun., ns Benvolio. The Queen Mab speech wna the teature or lue scene wen. ana uuenuy given oy Mr Vincent, tbough£with too much ebullicocQ in tho method. Well-deserved, and long con tinued applause resulted. Tho balcony scene next Queued, with Mws Gracio Warner, a pictnro of elegance and sweetness, softly smiling down on her enraptured lover— a pretty rendering and oue which pleased llio house. Mr. Philip Beck recited with iminetiflo spirit the Ingoldsby Legend descriptive of tho 44 Temptations of St. Anihour," and as an encore added A. L. Gordons 44 A Voico from tho Bush"— also well received. Tho measure of the flour emptied upon tho heads of all and sundry in " The Fool of the Family " is pretty well the measure of all the fun the farce can furnish. Fortnnatelv Miss Muggie Moore gives a droll character sketch as Betty Sanders, and Mr. Albert Marsh ns Mr. Gump tion, Mr. R, Watson as Zeb -Brighton, and Mr. Oily Dcering as Mr. Saunders helped the piece along.' Miss Moore received heaps of flowers, as . did also Miss Morris, and the whole affair pasted off cheerily. Although Miss Morris made her farewell appearance last night, eho docs not leave Aus tralia until early in May, as the full period of her engagement with Messrs. Williamson, Garner and Musgrove has yet to ruu out. It will bo remembered that the artist's original intention wheu Rho landed in Sydney luet September was to return to America at tho cud of a twelvemonth. Hor plans have been so far modified, however, as to admit of a six months' extension of tho original contract, and thus she will close her caroor on the Australian stage— though let us hope but for a time — by supporting Mr. Milne in the Blmkespeariau season he will shortly in augurate iu Melbourne. Miss Isabel Morris has now so many admirers in Sydnoy that a short ckctch of her career will not ho out of place. She mado her first appearance of any importance at Montreal iu 1878. Her brother Felix, known as the adap ter from the German of 14 On 'Chango/' was at that time managing the Academy of Music in that city, and at his suggestion she loft her work and her home in London to try her fortune in Montreal. Here she was at once engaged by Mr. George Rignold, then 44 starriug " America and Canada, and played the part of the Fronch Princess to his 44 Henry V. " In her next engagement she appeared in 44 The Hunchback" with Miss Adihiae XeilBon's Company, jplaving J Helen, and then joined Joseph Jefferson iu a season of costume pieces. "The Rivals" was the initial production, and tho young actress pUyed Lydia Languish in such a way as to secure an engagement in New York a while later. She made her debut here at the ' Fifth Avenue Theatre in 44 The Dead Secret" daring 1879, and during 1880 went on tour through America with Mr. Scott- Siddons. The following year found her on tour with Mr. Hartley Campbell in 44 The Whito Slave" and kindred piece;, and her travels having ultimately brought her to San Frauoisco alio wa9 engaged by Mr. Alf; Hay man at the Baldwin Theatre, became very popular with the citizens of tho great (Jalifor- nian seaport, and eventually settled thorc for several years. Miss Morris has been negotiating once more with Mr. Hayman, and expects to return under engagement to him. She almost regards San Francisco as her home, and although she has had it pteasant stay ftin Australia she admits that she will not be sorry to renew old friendships across the water. Miss Morris leaves many friends behind her here also, and playgoers will rcgrot her departure. Her method is now familiar and is distinguished for the uu- affected brightness aud gentle pathos she dis plays in tho dcliueation of homely charac; ters. An actre9, in this part of the world at least, has widely differing rfilcs to assumo as occasion require, and Miss Morris has played with intelligence in every case all that has been allotted to her. However, she will be remembered here chiefly for her Gorvaise in 44 Drink," in which and in kindred \cbaracters she shows both force and refinement. We may conclude this briof sketch by adding that during the past 16 months she has played in Sydney leading parts 'in 44 Harbor Lights," 41 Human Nature," 44 biiver iung." "Red Lamp," I" Nita's First," "Written »in Sand," and with Mr. Charles Warner in 44 Drink," 44 Lady of Lyons," " Hamlet," 44 Dora," 44 The Barrister," and 44 London Assurance." 