ACROSS THE MAIN DIVIDE. BY "THE VAGABOND." No. II. The people of Omeo have public communica- tion with the outer world thrice a week. The mails via Bairnsdale arrive and depart by coach on the alternate six days. On the seventh the drivers and horses rest from their labors. That this important district should not have a daily mail service is a matter of loud and justifiable complaint. Cobb's coach from Omeo will only accommodate six passengers, and places have to be secured days in advance. The wary traveller will book his seat at the head office in Melbourne. The careless traveller will often find himself delayed in Omeo for a couple of days through every seat being secured by others. Residents of Omeo who may be suddenly summoned on urgent business or private affairs from their homes also labor under the disadvantage of finding every place jumped by travellers, com- mercial or otherwise. Residents on the road to the Tambo may be detained for a week or two before room can be found for them in the coach. It is a gross absurdity and injustice that public provision is only made for 18 passen- gers to arrive and depart from Omeo during the week. Having once got here the trouble is to get away. There are no livery stables. Cobb and Co. only keep sufficient horses for the coaches. Tourists who merely wish to cross the spur of the Australian Alps at Mount Hotham, and to visit Omeo and its surrounding beauties, and above all those of the Omeo Plains and the valley of the Mitta Mitta, would be wise to engage vehicles and horses from Crawford and Co.'s stables at Bright. Two days drive from Bright to Omeo, one to the Omeo Plains, and two days' return — for a party of six it can be done cheaper than any of the excursions I have seen adver- tised. With Antonio Dominguez to direct such a party safety and comfort would be secured. For it is indeed a long and a weary journey across the Main Divide from Omeo to Bairns- dale. Coaches leave at 5 a.m. and arrive at their destination at 11 p.m. On a summer's morning there is nothing more delightful than an early rise and a start by coach. Some of my most charming. experiences of life in Australia have been at early dawn in the Queensland bush on the box seat of a coach. Lindsay Gordon shows he understood how animating these early excursions can be, in the lines, 'Twas merry in the glowing morn amid the gleaming grass. Driving in the cool morning air through gum forests or mulga scrub, or across broad plains, on the horizon of which the sun rose like a ball of fire, one had a sense of freedom and exhilaration of spirit such as it is impossible to experience when one is cooped up in a railway train. But it is a far different thing to get up at 4 a.m. on a dark cold winter's morning to find your way through the mud of a bush township to the coach stables, and thence to shiver all day long on the box seat or the inside. I shall never forget the horrible day's coach ride I had in Otago years back, where the cold, frosty wind drove me from the box to the inside of the coach, which was tenanted by only another passenger, a young lady, a " schoolmarm " going home for her Easter holidays. Naturally, I had to give up my rug to the young lady, and but for the bolt of straw with which Dick the driver provided me, and in which I coiled up like a rodent, I believe I should have perished of cold. At the end of that day's journey the coach halted at a played-out mining township where the little " schoolmarm" was received with open arms by her friends ; and at the miserable hotel, from whence we had to start again in the morning before daylight, I was consigned to a wretched chamber in which the most prominent feature of furniture was a Bible. Upon seeing this I was prepared for the miserable fare and the damp sheets which laid the seeds of a lung disease which accompanied me for many months until I arrived at New Guinea. Mr. Fosbery and myself having secured tho box seats of the coach at Omeo two days in advance, several passengers are left behind. As we do not start from Doctor's Flat until after 8 o'clock, the sun is well up, and we inhale the morning air with pleasure, and admire the cattle standing lazily under the clumps of wattle on the banks of the creek. Then we exchange tales of coaching experiences in various parts of the world with our American driver, as decent a fellow as I wish to sit beside. Our first stage to Ensay is a short one of 8 miles. Ensay is named from the station belonging to Mr. Hamilton, who has given me a cordial invitation to visit him, of which some day I may avail myself. Ensay otherwise consists of a public house and coach stables. These are on the banks of the Little River. Here we change horses and halt for three quarters of an hour for the sole purpose, it appears to me, of affording opportunity to the publican to sell more liquor. Here would-be travellers are waiting to go on to Bairnsdale and the metropolis. Room is made for a lady and her baby by one of our inside passengers borrowing a horse to ride as far as the next stage, at the Tambo Crossing, where we shall exchange into a larger coach. The little wooden inn at Ensay displays two humorous placards on sheets of note paper. In bad writing and in bad English, it is announced that "Five Beers Reward, pewters, will be given to anyone who will give information of the name of the offen- der who struck out Mr. Foster's name from an election bill posted here." The second notice is that "A Free Drunk will be given to any informer not the actual criminal in this case." This is an example of the primitive wit of the district, and the popularity of the new member, and also of the drinking powers of the neighboring selec- tors. "Five beers, pewters," to most people would be the same as a " drunk." Here the placards are read in the same light as when a police reward is increased from £5 to £100. Our new driver is a noted character. Alick is reputed to be the champion whip of Gippsland. He is not only a good and careful driver, but has a soul full of music. When Alick has a holiday he devotes it to Melbourne and opera, comic or grand. And he has a wonderful ear and a memory which enables him to whistle the most difficult air of Sullivan's with the greatest pre- cision. It is almost as good as listening to the flute playing of Mr. John Radcliffe. It is a good thing to have a light heart as well as a good pair of hands in driving over the country between Ensay and the Tambo Crossing. It is the worst track I have seen in California, New Zealand or Australia. It is far easier to approach Omeo along the Alps from Bright than to cross the Main Divide from South Gippsland. Hill sides, which are almost precipices, sidelings full of deep and dangerous ruts, fallen trees occasionally obstructing the track, make up a " stage " the worst possible to be traversed. If it were just a little worse it would be impassable. Twice we alight and walk down hills. I have been requested many times to walk up hill, but never down. This is an instance of the badness of the road, as well as of the prudence of the driver in con- sidering our safety. " It is better to be sure than sorry," says Alick, a sentiment in which, although I do not like walking either up or down hill, I heartily coincide. I cannot find out who first gave the name of The Fainting Ranges to these hills, but it was a happy one. I suppose this was where the early pioneers of Omeo, if of faint heart, turned back from their quest. It is not until you see the condition of the present track between Omeo and Bairnsdale that you recognise the disadvantages under which the miners of the district exist. It has been almost impossible to bring heavy machinery over the Fainting Range. We pass two bullock drays with a boiler and other mining materials, which have taken 10 days to make 18 miles. There are 32 bullocks and three drivers to the dray carrying the boiler. The manner in which these men have engineered their heavy load around the curves of the. sidelings is most wonderful. Block and tackle have had to be used, and bye tracks cut through the bush so that the bullocks might get a clear and a straight haul. Bullock drays are the pioneers of traffic, clearing the road as they go. In return, however, they partly ruin any made track by cutting it up into frightful ruts. "We meet various drays besides those containing the machinery, and on such occasions Mr. Fosbery and myself have to dismount to give Alick room to steer his elbows. On approaching close to one team I am nearly impaled by a white-faced Hereford which makes a rush at me. I recog- nise the brand as that of Sir William Clarke's Orbost station, a place of which I have such pleasant reminiscences. That any beast from the Snowy River should make hostile demon- strations against me is a proof of animal ingratitude. A new road from near Ensay to the Tambo Crossing is now in course of construction, and it is to be completed by the end of the year. This runs along the valley of the Tambo, and is practicable for light buggies and horses. My companion drives that way, and describes it as being full of picturesque bends and glimpses of river scenery. Even when this track is com- pleted there will be some stiff pinches therein. One bullock team took an hour in pro- gressing 300 yards over a bluff. Another place will live in history as the "Bishop's Pinch," Mr. Hamilton having driven Bishop Goe down this steep embankment breaking the pole of his buggy in doing so. There are a large number of navvies engaged on this lower road, and some heavy work is on hand. Half a mile of cutting through a solid rock in one place cost over £2000. There is not much life on these upper waters on the Tambo. A few Chinese are sluicing the banks of the various creeks ; here and there a selector's cabin or the white tents of the navvies at work on the road form a pleasing foreground to the wooded bluffs at the back. At the " Haunted Stream " one meets with a strange souvenir of the social history of a quarter of a century back. In our own times no law case has created such excite- ment as the celebrated Tichborne one. Whether the " Claimant " was a Castro or au Orton, a Wapping butcher or a whopping baronet, will never be decided to the satisfaction of his sup- porters. But one thing appears to be clear. The real Sir Roger did land in Australia. There is a misty tradition that a miner named "Balla- rat Harry," who was mixed up with Sir Roger Tichborne, or who was the real Sir Roger, was murdered by his mates on the banks of this Haunted Stream. In the good old days of Victoria, which had a certain leaven in them that might make some people now say they were the " bad old days," there was every opportunity for a man to be done to death. In Australian Wilds, Mr. Farjeon has perhaps too strongly dwelt upon the crimes which then took place. But still it was remarkably easy to "get rid " of an obnoxious "mate." I know an intelligent commercial traveller who, for his own satisfaction, made a study of the Tichborne case. When some time back I met him at Sale he proved to me that three men started from Gippsland to Omeo, the" Claim- ant," Orton, and another supposed to be the real Sir Roger Tichborne. Two returned, one to cause the greatest legal sensation of the century, and the other to become a lunatic in Parramatta gaol. My commercial maintains that the lunatic Cresswell is really Arthur Orton, and he proved it to me by the resemblance in photographs to the Orton family. It was for this reason that the "Claimant " being Cresswell so boldly defied the English lawyers to prove him Orton, the theory of his opponents being that he was not Sir Roger Tichborne but Arthur Orton. Of the three men who came along this Tambo Valley to the Haunted Stream, the lunatic and the " Claimant" still live ; but what has become of the bones of their mate who died or was murdered on its banks? If when "the brains are out " the spirit does not die, one can well imagine the ghost of the unhappy young heir to the house of Tichborne wandering along the banks of this Haunted Creek in default of spiritual means of locomotion to take him to wail around the walls and frighten the servants of his native home. In the road cuttings now being made, it is possible that the navvies may discover some human bones, those of the real Sir Roger. It is a pretty ghost story this, hut not so pretty as that of the ghostly dog which, it is said, sometimes follows the stage be- tween Daylesford and Malmsbury. I have been told that many have seen the form of a great black dog coming out of the bush and run- ning after the coach, and even springing up the steps. That seems rather ogreish, but the dog ghost has no intention to harm any of the pas- sengers. He is in search of his master whom, when in the flesh, he lost in this bush. The animal's faithful spirit has survived his physical decay, and he still seeks his earthly friend. I much wish to see this canine ghost. The "Tambo Crossing" presents itself to travellers in the form of some scattered wooden buildings and stables comprising the establish- ment of the Sir Walter Scott Hotel. Here we not only change horses but change coaches, going on in a vehicle capable of accommodating eight passengers. There is a halt of about an hour for a midday dinner, which is a very good and square meal. I had heard evil reports of the Tambo Crossing, and had even been advised not to feed here. I was told that the waitresses did not wait on one, but instead sat down and familiarly talked with the guests. I remember Sir Somers Vine making a speech in London, in which he maintained that woman was the natural attendant upon man, and that sacred and profane history alike taught us that it was an unnatural thing for man to wait upon man. When this theory is applied to the well trained waitresses you meet at Miss Moon's or the Maison Legal I agree with it. But on one point my ideas still remain thoroughly Ame- rican, and that is that it is not a woman's business to supply a man with strong drink. A "Barmaid" has never become an institution in the United States. In Australia she remains so, a reminiscence of the days when a woman was a curiosity and her presence in a drinking saloon an attraction. It may be that young girls are drawn to the ser- vice of the bar because they have heard of marriages therefrom which raised the brides into the upper circles of Government House. When the true history of Victorian society is written many will be astonished to learn the number of eminent ladies who graduated from the public house. In saying this, there is not the slightest disres- pect intended, for one of the most worthy ladies I ever knew, who was the best helpmate a literary man ever had, was a barmaid in the Haymarket in London. But, take it all round in England and in Australia, to serve quarterns of gin or sixpenny " nobblers " does not seem to me to be a woman's business. She is always at a disadvantage in that she is liable to be in- sulted by blackguards, although on the other hand she has a gentleman at a disadvantage. By that I do not mean a man who wears a black coat, but one of a gentle nature, be he barrister or bricklayer. A barmaid can retaliate on the male sex for the insults she receives from black- guards by insulting a gentleman, who cannot reply. It may be said that gentlemen have no business to go into bars, but the drinking cus- toms of our pioneers have still a strong hold upon us, and baronet, barrister and bricklayer alike take their "nobblers" in season. In these remarks concerning our bar Hebes there are many reservations. Those who know the establishment dear to musicians, which may be called the Melbourne "Romano's," will ac- knowledge that a bar room may be kept as select as a club, but gener- ally speaking it is not so. I write on be- half of the poor girls themselves when I say that I wish them a better fate than that which awaits so many of them. What becomes of your pretty Melbourne barmaid in mature years? She drifts to Sydney, to Brisbane, to the Queensland goldfields or to Fiji. She has had her fleeting day of admiration, and it is lucky for her if in the back blocks she can end, as she should have begun, by marrying a respectable laborer. In bush townships the local barmaid, howevcr, is also a waitress and servant. Generally the proprietor of the hostelry looks after the dis- pensing of the liquors himself. As waitresses I have never had any fault to find with girls in the country. Those in the Sir Walter Scott Hotel attend very well to Mr. Fosbery and myself, and supply all our wants, if they do afterwards sit down and tell us the news of the neighborhood. They cross question Alick as to the doings of residents on the road, storing up an amount of small talk which will last them until the morrow. My lady friends will no doubt tell me that in this the girls are no worse than the men. I must admit that if there are many scandalmongers amongst the fair sex they obtain the scandal in many cases from their husbands, or how can ladies in society know so much about bachelors, of which it is generally considered they should he ignorant ? Some acres of land on the banks of the Tambo near the hotel have been cleared and put under the plough. These are covered with flocks of thousands of white cockatoos, which flutter one above the other like the advancing waves of the ocean. From the river on the other side steep banks rise, resembling Studley Park, only more picturesque. There is very little water in the Tambo at present. The bed is composed of immense granite rocks. A great dead gum tree is right across the track as we drive down the bank. On my suggestion that a charge of dynamite would be an advantage in moving this, Alick explains that it is left for the purpose of acting as a fulcrum from which the coach is hauled out by a rope when it gets stuck in the river in winter time. Along the west bank of the Tambo River the road really becomes picturesque. A tourist in search of the beautiful would not find the road between Omeo and the Tambo Crossing repay him. But from hence southwards there are everywhere long stretches of beauty of river, and bush, and hill, and mountain, and plain. The Tambo River from Lake King to Bruthen possesses the most beautiful stretch of river scenery in Australia. Here, in its upper waters, beyond the limit of navigation, it maintains its character. It as yet runs between very narrow gorges fringed with tall gums and wattles and sassafras and dog wood, and in many parts re- minds me much of the road to Walhalla. At one turn Alick informs me that he often sees, basking on the roadside, numbers of those strange water lizards known as Snowy River crocodiles. They come from the stream and lie in the sun on the rocks, just as the greater Saurians do in Queensland. On the approach of vehicles they dart down into the water. Alick tells me that for six years he has particularly noticed one lizard, which, having lost the greater part of its tail, can be easily identified. It is a strange fact in the natural history of Australia that from this Gippsland watershed of the Tambo and Snowy rivers in Victoria until you reach Central Queensland these water lizards are not met. Another strange fact as regards the flora of this district is that from Cabbage Tree Creek, near the month of the Snowy River, for many hundreds of miles northwards not a single speci- men of this palm is seen. The road winds in and out of the counties of Dargo and Tambo, of which the river is the dividing line. Many creeks are crossed, but these are bridged over. At Shady Creek one is aroused to the dangers of the road when Alick shows you the spot where a waggon with three tons of goods was precipitated over the cliff into the gorge below, but the king bolt breaking, the horses escaped. At Patrick's Creek there is the " Devil's Elbow," about the thousandth I have travelled round in Australia. This one is noted for accidents. Here Dr. and Mrs. Sampson and many other citizens have been capsized. The wattle scrub, which has grown up from the river bed to the edge of the road, now affords some sort of pro- tection when off the track. People, however, who are afraid of the drive over the Alps at Mount Hotham, where you can throw your cigar end from a buggy and it will fall hundreds of feet below, should remember that a drop of 50 feet would be quite sufficient to smash up a falling vehicle and its occupants. As Mercutio says, a wound need not be as deep as a well and as wide as a barn door to be sufficient to take away life. To be hanged, drawn and quartered sounds very awful, but mere hanging is just as bad as far as the victim is concerned. These and many other tales of hair breadth escapes on the Omeo-road make one think that it is still as dangerous to passengers as in the old bushranging days, when Archdeacon S. carried gold down from Omeo in his boots. But then I reckon that there is more danger of being run over, or meeting with a carriage accident, in the crowded streets of Melbourne than here in Gippsland, where I have such careful drivers as Dominguez, Alick, and Messrs. Anderson anil Johnson. Two-bridges Creek is dry. These streams are generally dashing torrents, and their condition shows what a drought there has been in the land. Past this we drive through a forest of gum trees which has been partially destroyed by a bush fire. The trunks of the trees appear to be all dead, but, Phoenix like, life is springing from their ashes. Green twigs and leaves are growing like ferns from the trunks and boughs. The contrast of this fresh verdure with the blackened stems presents a most charming effect of color. Now there is a steep hill through which a tunnel will have to be made for the Omeo railway. Then we arrive at Monkcy Creek, in Dargo county. Here is an ac- commodation house known as " Hamil- ton's," where there is another delay of some minutes. We cross the creek and climb Monkey Creek Hill, where one gets a view of the ranges on the east of the Nichol- son River, " Little Dick " being the most prominent point. Here there is a lovely gorge filled with foliage. Those who can appreciate the beauties of nature can forget the world and all its cares in gazing on such scenes as these. On a fair prospect some have looked, And felt, as I have heard them say, As if the moving time had been A tiling as steadfast as the scene On which they gazed themselves away. Again the road runs along the banks of the Tambo, but shortly leaves them as we enter the neighborhood of Bruthen, which from this direction first becomes evident in the form of "God's Acre." There is every accommodation provided for the dead at Bruthen, but one is glad to see that there are very few graves. A bark hut covered with roses forms the prettiest picture of its kind I have seen out of England. Then we pass what to me is always a pleasing sight in the bush — the State school. But the last part of this road across the Main Divide from Omeo to Bruthen might altogether be greatly improved. This is an affair for the Bruthen shire council, the great works now going on on the lower road along the Tambo being in the Omeo shire. This latter self-governing body commenced existence a few years back with a revenue from rates of only £250 a year ; now it has £11,000. But for all that, taking into consideration the nature of the country, I think, until a railway is made here, the Government might well give a little extra grant towards road making. If this were done the traveller across the Alps could, with com- parative ease and comfort, make the round journey from the railway terminus at Myrtle- ford to rail or steamer at Bairnsdale, instead of returning on his track, as I advise him to do at present. At Bruthen we change coaches. There is a halt of two hours, as we have to wait for the arrival of the stage from Bairnsdale. Why the wait should be here, instead of making a later start from Omeo, is one of the puzzles so often set to us by authorities. Certainly we have no objec- tion to the hour's rest, employed in discussing the fatted turkey and other good things provided by Mrs. O'Reilly, and the conversation with the police magistrate and with Mr. Comyn, who has driven his buggy and pair through from Omeo since the morning, and is only half an hour behind us. But an hour's rest here is quite sufficient. From Omeo to Bairnsdale it is calcu- lated that the present road distance is 80 miles. The coach fare is £2 a head, baggage extra, and the rate of travelling, including stoppages, a little over 6 (?) miles an hour. The distance, of course, cannot be reduced ; the fares may be, and the time of transit certainly should be. There are many needless delays on the road, culminating in this latter one at Bruthen. If this were a summer's evening we might examine the new buildings of the town ship. I can see a number of improvements since I was here last, but I can also see that they re- quire a new post office, and that the postmistress requires assistance. From Bruthen to Bairnsdale there is a 10-passengcr coach. We commenced our journey across the Alps with Portuguese Antonio as our driver, we finish it with a German on the box. But both these men are good Australian colonists, and are rearing up good Australian children, and it is not from them that we need fear any perpetuation of differences of creed and race. With every desire to keep out the foreigner, I freely admit that amongst the early pioneers of this country there were many good and worthy men of Continental nations, who have brought up their children as true Australians, A leaven of such blood infused into our race will not physically or morally be a bad thing. It is rather a strange and a weird drive through the bush from Bruthen to Sarsfield. The passenger who refused the box seat quite repented himself before , we got half way, the revival hymn sung from inside, "We'll all Wear a Crown," proving too much for him under the circumstances. Mr. Fosbery was lulled to sleep thereby, and would have fallen off the box and broken his neck, but that I kept him alive with stories of sea and land. A halt to take up the post bag, and afford some of the passengers an opportunity of taking a drink at the Sarsfield Hotel, gave us a chance of seeing that the host need not be afraid of speaking "with his enemies in the gates." It is just about three years since Mr. O'Reilly drove me through this bush, en route to catch the early boat at Bairnsdale, the train at Sale and the P. and O. steamer at Williamstown. I have never yet seen Sarsfield or the valley of the Nicholson River by daylight. Some day I hope to do so, and again see "the daughters of the house" at the Sarsfield Hotel. We are all very glad when the coach drives over the big bridge across the Mitchell into Bairnsdale. This altogether is as hard a day's journey of its kind as you will find in Australia. But there are not many places in Australia where one meets such men as the genial bank manager who is awaiting our arrival with offers of hospi- tality. I am happy to renew my acquaintance with him, and with the young ladies I knew as children, and to sleep soundly after the weary day's coaching. Next day I take the train ride Sale to the capital. I have a pleasant interview with Dr. Macdonald en route, and tell him stories of his little relatives I have met in the New Hebrides. The Gipps- land railway line, as all travellers know, is a triumph of slowness, and in other matters the passenger fares worse than elsewhere in Austra- lia. At Warragul, for instance, we get the worst meal we have had since we left Melbourne, two girls and a child having to wait on a crowded dining room. I wish myself back at the Tambo Crossing again. In fair weather, long and rough though it is, the coach ride across the Main Divide from Omeo to Bairnsdale is preferable to that by rail from Gippsland to the metropolis. 