traveller. Japanese Superstitions. The household superstitious ol Japan are ioj numerous. They are harmless ; often exciting langhter; yetsoentrenohed are they in the household that religion, argument, even ridieule can not destroy them. Some of these superstitions bave a moral or eduea* tlonal purpose, inculcating lessons ot benevo lence, neatness and habits of cleanliness. A room is never swept immediately after the departure ot the inmate for fear of sweeping out ine lues. At a marriage oeremony neither the bHde nor tbe groom wears any elothlng of a purple color lest their marriage be eoon dissolved, purple being a color most liable to fade.- If the cup of medicine is up set by aocident during the illness of a person it is a sure sign of reaovery. This looks as It the Japanese had faith in our proverb, ' Throw, physie to the dogs.' There are some curious ideas in regard to the finger nails. They must not be cut before starting on a journey lest disgrace tall npon the per son at bis destination. Neither should they be cut at night, lest cat's olaws should grow out. Children who throw the paring of the nails into the fire arrin danger of some great calamity. It a piece ebould fly into the fire while cutting tbe person will soon die. ?- - The bowling of a dog portends death. II a woman steps over an egg-shell she will go mad ; if over a razor it will become dull ; if ever a whetstone it will break. It a man should est his hair on fire he will go mad. Children are told if they tell a lie an eni (imp) will- pull out their tongues. The wholesome terror of the oni, standing ready to run away with his tongue, has caused many a Japanese youth to speak the truth. The Japanese have a horror of the dark ness ; they always keep a light burning, to ward off ghoBts. The junkmen believe in a ghost who comes to them and politely askB to borrow a dipper. The answer decides the fate of the junkman. If a dipper with a bottom is bestowed upon the ghost, he uses n u oau water enougn to swamp tne junk, but il the bottom can be knocked out and thrown at him he disappears. In this last case tho act must be aocompanird by an in cantation, or the ghost turns into a sea cappa— i a many-clawed monster — who will drag the junk to the bottom. The Japanese are a gentle, sensitive race, very muoh under the influence of their emotions. Love with them is a serious matter, often one ot life or death. Disap pointment in love or desertion frequently ends in suicide. Sometimes the girl beoomes an avenger and implores the gods to curse or visit jrilh death the destroyer of her peace. The passions which thrill and tcrment the human soul are as intense in far-away i Japan as in those lands which boast a higher civilisation. 