THE DEATH SHIP- A STRANGE STORY ; as account op a cruise in this fitting dutchman, collected from the. papers of tub late mr. ge0ffrk\' i'enton, of poplar, master mariner. By vr. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of " Tho Wreck of the Groavonor," " Tho Goldou Hope," tfcc;, &c.; All, Rights Reserved CHAPTER SX.— Imogens Says She Will Trust AIk. A half hour passed, and during that time I had sufficiently recovered from the distressful i croakyof the parrot to wonder, as any sailor woala, how the ship was navigated ; for 1 could not doubt that the clock kept pretty close to the true time, Bince the easting and westing made by the ship was small, never, perhaps, exceeding 10 degrees ; and the circumstance of noon hanng struck set 'me wondering in what fashion tho captain and mates navigated the ship, whether they used the cross-staff, or relied on dead reckoning, or were aapernaturally conned. At half-past 12 arrived Prins to prepare the table for dinner. 1 was so dull that his coming was extremely welcome, and I hatched him go about his work with interest not, perhaps, un mixed with fear. Out of the great drawer under the table ho withdrew the cloth, knives, forks, silver goblets and the liko, which bad been set out for breakfast ; . but his movements wore those of a marionette rather than a man's, he scarcely looked at what he did, putting a goblet hore and a knifo and fork there, and so on. with the lifeless air of an object con trolled by mechanism; Small wonder that the unhappy wretch should;, (know his busi ness I He had been at it long enough ! Yet it wrung my heart to watch him and to think that hu would Btill be arranging the cabin tables and attending upon Vanderdecken and hia mates, when Heaven alone knows how many times the wave of civilisation should have followed the sun round thff globu, and how often our British islands should have lapsed into their ancient savageness and emerged again. Whilst he was at this work, Mis3 Dudley stepped out of her cabin. Sho came to a stand, not instantly recognising mo in ray own clothes, but quickly satisfying herself, she advanced with a smile and sat dowu near me, with no further sigu of timidity than a slight blush, which greatly heightened her boauty. " Where is 'Captain Vanderdecken V" said she. " I loft him on deck three-quarters of an hour Bince," I answered. "Wo were talking when he suddenly broke off, and X should have supposed him in a lit but for his erect posture and the fiery lite in his eyes." "This happens to them all," Raid she, "as you will find out. X do not know what it means or why it should be." "Possibly," I exclaimed, recalling the conjec ture I have already written down, "tho death in them grows too strong, at periods, for tho power that sustains them, be it deraouiao or not ; and then follows a failure of the vitality of the body, which yet leaves the spirit—as ono sees it flushing in Yandcrdecken's eyes — strong enough to recover the corporeal forces from their languor. But how terrible is- ail this for you to be diving familiarly with !— the sweet, fresh, human life of the world, your boauty would adorn and gladden, hidden from you behind the melancholy sea-line, and tho passage of months, yes, and of years, finding you etill aimlessly beating about these waters, with no better companions than beings more frightful in their shapes and bohaviour ns men than were they phantoms which the hand could not grasp, and whoso texture tho eye can pierce." " What can I do, Mr. Fenton ? Captain Vanderdecken will not part with me. How can I escape?" she cried with her oyea brimming. "If least myseli overboard, it would be to drown I if I succeeded iu gaining the shore when we anchored near to the coast it would be cither to perish upon the broiling sandB or bo destroyed by wild beasts, or be seized by the natives and carried into cap tivity !" "But if a chance offered to make good your eacapo without the risks you name would you seize it ?" " Oh, vea !" "Well, 11 said I, speaking with such tender ness and feeling, such a glow and yearning in my heart that you would Bay the tiny seed of love in mr breast, watered by her tears, was budding with Jtue ewutness or eacu glance at her into flower. rt whilst I have been sitting melancholy and nlone, I have turned over in my mind how I am to deliver you from this dreadful situation. Ho schemo as yet offers, but' will you trust me as an English sailor to And a means to outwit these Dutchmen, ay, though the Devil himself kept watch when they were abed ? . . One moment, Miss Dudley- forgive me, it had not been my intention to touch upon this matter until itimei had enabled you to form some judgment of me.' But when two arc of the same mind, and tho pit that has to bo jumped is a dean one, it would be mere foppery in mo to stand o'a the brink with you, chattering like a Frenchman about anything else sooner than speak'out and to tho point as plain seaman should." "Mr. Fenton," she answered, "I will trust you. If you can see a way to escape from this ship, I will aid you to the utmost of my strength and accompany you. You are a sailor; my father was of that calling, and as au English seaman you Bhall have my full faith." It was not only the words, but her pretty voico, her sparkling eyes, her earnest paze, the expression of hope that lighted up lier race with tho radiance of a smile rather than of a smile itself, which rendered what she said delightful to me. I answered, "Depend upon it, your faith will animate me, and it will bo strange if you are not in England before many months— nay, let me eay weeks, are passed." Hero leaning her cheek in her hand she looked down into, her lap with n wistful sadness in her eyes. Hot conceiving what was passing iu her mind, I said, "Whatever scheme X hit upon will take time. But what nro a few months com pared with years on board this ship— years which only death can eud ?" "Oh I" she answered, looking at mo fully, but with a darkness of tears upon thoo violet lights, "I don't doubt your ability to eacapo and rescnc me, nor was I thinking of the time it would require nor how long it mar be before wo seo England. What troubles me Is to feel that when iu England — if it please God to suffer me to -set foot once more upon that dear soil— I shall have no friend to turn to." I was about to speak, but sho proceeded, her eyos brimmiug afresh : " It is rare that a girl finds herself iu my situation. Both my father and mother were only children and orphtfns when they married, my mother living with a clergyman and his wife at Rothorhithe as governess to their children when my father met her. The clergy man and his lady are long since dead. But were they living, they would not bo persons I should apply to for help and counsel, since my mother often Bpoko of them as harsh, mean people. The few relations on my mother's side died off ; on my father's side there was— nerhapB there yot U — an uncle who settled in Virginia and did pretty well there. But I should have to go to that country to seek him, with the chance of flndiughlm dead. Thus you seo how friendless I am, Mr. Fenton. " Ycu are not of those who remain friendless in this world," saidil, softly, for cau you marvel that a young man's heart will beat quickly when such a beauty an Imogens Dudley is tells him to his face that she is friendless. "I im plore you," I added, " not to suffer any reflec tion of this sort to sadden or Bivervo you in your determination to leave this ship— "No, no I " sho interrupted, "it will not do that. Bettor to die of famiuo among. tho green meadows at home than — Oh 1" sho cried with hystorical vehemence, "how sweet will bo the sight of flowers to me, of English treos aud hedges blooming with briar roses and honey suckles. This dreadful life !" she clasped her hands with a sudden passionate, raising of her . eyei, " these roaring seas, tho constant scream ing of the wind that bates its tones only to make n.. dosolato moautng, the company of .ghostlike men, the fearful sense of being in ' a ship upon which has fallen the wrath of the majesty of God I — Oh ! indeed, indeed it must .end !" and burying her face in her hands she went most grievously, sobbing aloud. " What will end, mynheer ? And what Is it that causes thee, Imogene, to weep ?M .exclaimed the deep vibratory voice of Vanderdocxciu I started, and found his great figure erect behind mo, a ccrtaiu inqnisitiveuesa in tho ex pression of his face, aud much of the light shining in his eyes -that I had remarked when he fell into that posture of trance I have spoken of. I answered as readily as my knowledge of bis tongue permitted : — " Miss -Dudley weeps, sir, ibecauso this gale, aa others have before, retards the passage of your ship to Amsterdam, and 'tis perfectly natural, consistent, indeed, with the wishes of all raon la the Bruavo that sho should wish the baulking storm at an end." He came round to "his high-backed chair aud seated himself, and putting his arm aloug tho table, gently took Imogene'a wrist and softly pulled her hand away from her iace, wot with her tears, saying, " My dear, your fellow-countryman is right ; it is tho sorrow of every creature here that this gale should blow ui backwards, aud so delay our return; bub what is more capricious than the wind? This storm will presently pass, aud it will bo strange." he added, with a sudden scowl darkening his brow, aud letting go Miss Dudley's hand as he spoke, " if next time we do not thrust tho Braave into an ocean where these north-westers mako way for ho strong trade wind that blows from tho soutn-east." Sho dried her eyes and forced u Bmile, acting a part as I did ; that is to say she did not wish ho should suspect her grlof went deeper than I had explained ; though I could not help observing that in directing- her wet, sweet violet ovcb, with her mouth shaped to a smile, upon him, a plaintive gratitude underlay her manner, au admixture of pity and affection, tho exhibition of which made me very sure of tho quality of her heart, To curry Vanderdeckeu's thoughts away from t!w subject he supposed Misa Dudley r.mi I had brex ;ryeaklr:g L«v:t, I asfc-vi !r.«6L l.? h what she had been doing with hetsclf since breakfast. Sho answered in tho same language that she had been lying down. " Havo you books ?" suid I. "Afew'thut belong to the captain. Some arc in French and I cannot read them. The others are in Dutch. Them is also a collection of English poetry, some of which is beautiful, and I know raauy verses by heart." "Are these works pretty new?" said I. She auswered, " Of various years ; I think the newest is dated V'y\l" "Ay," said Vanderdecken, "that will bo my friend Bloys Van Treslong's book upon the tulip-madness. Finding him willing to converse, I was ex tremely fretted to discover that owing to my ignorance of the literature and art of his time, I could not ".brine him out" as the phrase runs, for looking into tho Batavian story since, I fina scores of matters he could have told me about, such as the building of ships at Hoorn, the customs, of tho people, the tulip-madness he had mentioned, the great men, such as Jan Six, Rembrandt, Jan Steen, Yau Campen, who de signed the Stadbnis and others, some of'whoin — as happened iu tho case of the great "William Schouten— ho may have known and haply smoked pipes of tobacco with. Be this as it may. We bad got back again to the gale when Prins brought in the dinner, and in a few minutes arrived the mate, Ynn Vogelaar, whereupon wo fell to tho meal, Imogens saying very little and often regnrdiug me with a thoughtful face and earnast eyes as though after the maiden's way in such matters, she was searching me, I taciturn, tho mate sullen in expression and silent, as his deatb-liko face would advertise the beholder to suppose hiin ever to be, and Yaudordecken break ing at intervals from the deep musing fit be fell into, to invite me to cat or drink with an air of incomparable dignity, barduned as it was by its eternal sterness ana fierceness. At this meal I found the food to be much the sumo as that with which we had broken onr fast. But in addition there was a roasted fowl and a large ham ; and into each silver goblet Prins poured a draught of sherry — a vory soft and mellow wine, which I suppose Vanderdecken bad come by through the same means which enabled him to obtain coats for his own and his men's backs, and ropes for his mats and sails, and brandy and gin for bis stone jars — that is by overhauling wrecks and pillaging derelicts ; for certainly strong waters were not to be got by lying off the coast and going a-huntlng. Yet though the wine put a pleasaut warmth .into my veins, insomuch that I could have talked freely but for tho depressing influence of the captain aud his mate ; them it no more cheered und heartened, it gave them no more life aud spirit than had thoy been urns filled with dust into which the generous liquor had been poured. Several time, indeed, whilst I wns on board that ship havo I seen Vander decken, Vdgolaar and Areata swallow such draughts of punch out of bowls as would have laid mo senseless ra five minutes, yet these capacious jornms cave rise in them to not the least sign of jollity; as, indeed, how should it have been otherwise, for their brains wore dead to all but the supernatural influence that kept them moving — dead aa the works of a going watch— and what is there in tho fumes of wino to disorder embodied ghosts? ' CHAPTER XXL— Vanderdecken Exhibits Some Trkabure. When Vogelaac left tho cabin to relievo Arents on deck Vanderdecken exhibited a dis position to talk. Ho gently took Imogene'a chin in his hand and chided her very tenderly, yet without tho slightest quality of ' what we Bhonld call pleasantness in lus manner. For this would have brought him to some show of good humor, where as, never during the time I was thrown with him, did I see the least light of merriment on his face ; I say, hochidod her, but very gently, for crying at tha delay caused by the storm, and exclaimed, motidning to ui( " Here is a seaman. Ho will tell you that this is a stormy part of tho ocean, and at this season of tho year we must look for gale3 from the north-west: but he will also know that these tempests are short lived, and that a breeze from the east, north or south must carry us round the Capo as fairly as our helm controls us." " Oh I that is so indeed, Miss Dudley," said I, quickly, and darting a meaning glanco at her. And wiahiiig to chango the subject, I went on : " Mynheer, when I wa3 ia your cabin last night shifting myself I noticed a cross-staff. 'Twould be of no use to you to-day, the sun being blotted out. Failiug on observation, upon what method do you rely for knowing your position?" " What else but the log?" ho exclaimed. " I computo entirely by dead reckoning. The staff hath often set inc wide of the mark. The log fairly gives me my place on the sea card, and tbcu there is the load." I bowed by way of thanking him, for in this direction I gathered by bis rejoinder as much as he could have acquainted mo with in an hour's discourse ; besides the earnest regard of tho pair of sweet light eyes opposite reminded me that I must be very wary in showing my self inquisitive. " You havo a sharp sight, sir," said Vander decken, but speaking without any fiercetfbss, "to see that fore-staff in my cabin by the. faint light there was. "What elso did you observe?" I told him honostly, for I could imagine no challenge to his wrath in. answering that I had soqd a speaking trumpet, sand-glass, pictures, snd the like. But as though Imogene knew him better and desired to shield me, she in stantly said, " Oh, captain, will not you show if r. Fenton the pictures of your wife and children ? Thoy will charm him, I know." (7o bs continued .) 