BREVITIES: . Plenty of feed. ^ Another good rain. Look after your goats. Cricketers getting ready. "Globe Hotel yearly ready. , The Show season commenced. Moonta Show to be boycotted. Good news from South Africa, i/ook out for large wheat Btacks. Those young butchers saw a ghost. Moonta ,cannot support a cricket clab. ' 'Australian champion to the front again. . " Jack, the "Ripper," again at his old gafne. ' • : Timp-tahle not to Jbe altered next month. * Plenty of music, at the A.M.A, sports. ' The cricket season about- to 'comxnence. • \- The Corporation .elections already v talked of. .. Are there to be any Moonta- races i this year. " »* ' Gorrie Boy is bound to win * something soon. The London .strike likely to bE settled soon. . ' . . The various Laud Boards hare been In conference, Searle won ,his first rsjce on the 3!2iaineB easily. , - ' The Eedbill chessists defeated the Port Pirie club- More' deserters from the cricket clubs this season/ ' .' The sports are to be at Eaisfc Moonta next Wednesday. ' When will that break of gauge difficulty be settled ? ' * Cross Roads Cricket Club had but a short time to live. • - Will the Moonta Jockey Club hold a. meeting this year % Children's fairy concert in the Institute' Hall last night. $tr W. Bverard left £1,000 to the Oup hundred sad four tseea plknted in the Show ground. , • : Lar>e literary competition at the Town Hall last night. Thnt borrowed mare found in the Port Broughton pound. ' The Moonta filly came in second. W^ell done, Hollingsworth. ' The choir in the White Sepulchre is Hot improving very smartly. Earl, of Santore • has Ijaen made Doctor of taws at Aberdeen. . Why don't the Moonta A. li. and 3?. Society give a jjrize'for dogs ? What & kettle of fish about where the A.M.A. spprts are to be held.' The Kadina A.M.A. granted £25 :towiards the' dock laborers' strike. • Captain'Hancock should really at- ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ cheap:; after ayed bdtcber. m m m first meeting did not come * off last AJonday . owing to the rain. •'. / ' ' Question box lecture at the Miqes Wesleyam • Lecture Hall on Tuesday' next '• • - .; Thr^e persons were struck by lightning; at. Port Pirie on Sunday night.. " . ' " • Will the Moonta Mayor take his Council to meet the Governor next' month. • ' • • Will" that gept present . the Cricketing Association a silver cup as promised thisr season? It is stated that the Australian support > is the backbone of". the dock laborers' strike. * ! ' * ,Now'that we have enclosed grounds "will the Cricketing. Association }charge for admission 2 >••' . , Messrs -Bnrron and Sjjence addressed , a large meeting' at Broken Hill on a Sundav. Subject— 4 " The Gospel of labor." • A man named* Boid , was washed away in his trap while crossing the South Para, neat Williamstown ; on Monday. - The dead horse with the -bnffgy has been found, but .the man is still missing. - • Ontoast—" Please mum, could you help an unfortunate 'man who was* caught in jan elevator and laid up for six months T Old Lady—" Poor man' there's a dollar for vou. How 3id you happen to get caught ? Outcast ^rocketing the dollar^.—The police wuz tooqjrfckfor me, mum." • « e J?m so spiry you spilt, the ink," said the poet's wife, • l( Has itgoue over your popm f* tl No, confound it ?" replied the poet sadly, M It went orer my postage stamps." * A lady about to be married waB told that bee intended, thongti'a good man, lf "was very eccentric, Well," 6he said, 4 t I am glad to hear it, for if he is very, tiniike other men he is the more, likely to make a good- husband.'' Donft you find the people around' • here very sociable?", asked Cobwigger .of a new. neighbor. " Yes, - indeed I do," was a hearty Response, " Only a moment ago ..I met a beggar, and "he held put his hand.". Mrs. Homespun; who has a terrible time every morning getting her young brood out of their beds, says she cansot'understand why children are called the rising generation. A materfamilias, seeing a paragraph lieaded " Boy Inventors," said, " Boy Indentors! Well, I hope they will invent a boy that won't always be tearing his trousers and that'll stay in the house at nights*" Is this a grim Yankee joke! The American Executing Company has just been incorporated' at Chicago with a capital of £2u,000 dollars. Jt is stated to take over from the sheriffs, as a going concern, the execution of criminals throughout the SfcateBj and the promoters say that, those takiug up shares may reasonably expect a good •dividend. 