AOTA POPFHo By The Flaneitk. Alas for my sen { The male man must go ! Slowly but surely lovely; woman is coming to the fronts and pushing her former lord and master from everiy seat that is worth occupying. She is not content with confining her grasping [proclivities to the things of this world, but it would ceem that stance,- Astronomer H. M. Parkhurs-Z- declares he has just discovered ' a woman in the niGOB, and has named her Selene.' Certainly the diagram of markings on the moon, which he claims to have seea, inelude3- striking suggestion oi a woman's face and bust. It remains to be seen hcvth© Man in the Moon will stand this interference V7ifcbt his prerogatives, but I am afraid that, like hid terrestrial representatives, he has allowed the mat ter to go too far, and if he starts raising any ob= jeetioao now, the lady Selene will lift him up by the ears and dfop Mm over into everlasting chaos. The warning note of our trouble hag been sounded by the Daily Telegraph, which speaking of the recent municipal elections saya— A good many ladies voted during the day, and it may be said of these that they were not heard to express their reasons for voting for the candi date selected. They did not let it be known whether ifc was a matter of city taxation or, again, whether it was because one candidate was ' BO much nicer, you know,' than another. This is simply sneaking' in tho thin edgo o£ the wsdgc. Now that the ladies are allowed to vota the nest; privilege claimed will bo the right to stand as aldermes-^or alder-women, whichever they choose to call themselves— then we will hav® a Lady Mayor, and the secoiit; discussion aa to what a Mayor should wear will not be a circum stance by the side of the tornado raised by the muncipal mistresses and maids. Premier Parkes, with his too susceptible 'eart and his too foolish, 'ead, is to blame for a deal oi this ; and, by the way, it reminds me that we can learn something from England after all, and we might do worse than sit down in a cool spot and ponder over the way in which the Woman's Eight racket is being worked ovo? there. Mr. Justice Stephen — of London* not of Sydney— seems to be a ringleader in this movement for man's destruction ; for while hear ing a case in which a defendant sought to eacape liability for certain expenditure by throwing the blame of ordering it upon his wife, his LordnhijJs blurted out, ' That is a very old excuse. . I have often felt that Adam—I mean— that is to any well! I have always felt that I would like to hear Eve's account of that transaction.' . -IjMJr, Justice Stephen, as-l others wJiq haye lovely woman on the brain just now, would only study the records connected with the last County Council elections in London, however, I fancy they would admit that the fair aer, has a denl to learn yet before ifc ecu be said to have mastered, or rather unstressed, the responsibilities and blessed privileges connected with tlie free and ? independent elector. For instance. We read that a charming young widow dropped he? paper into the ballot-box and tripped away with, the air of one who was thoroughly well posted in the business. Later on she was caught in the act of dropping a -second paper in the slot, and on being hauled up by a lynx-eyed scruti neer Bhe smilingly explained:— 'Oh, yes; I am aware that I voted this morning, but since then I had a visit from the other candidate and I found him to be such an awfully nice gentlemanly person, that I at once decided to give him a vote as well.' On being informed that she had shot her bolt to its fullest extent in the morning, and Btood a chance of six months' seclusion if she tried the game on again, the disappointed darling walked out in a terrible huff, giving a contemp tuous jerk to her ' improver ' as she left, and ex claimed,; 'I'll never. come near this dirty, nasty, horrid old polling booth again, or you electors either— there now ! ' ? Another lady, who, like Mr. Micawber, was not ?wholly unconnected with the coal trade, having filled up her paper and popped it in, asked, ' Wot next, sir ? ' ' That's all, ma'am, thank you,' was the official reply. 'That's hall his it?' screamed the disgusted dame. 'Well, now, I'm blessed if I would 'ave been so soft as to come down ''ere hi£ I 'ad a known that. Th' hidea of a pusson in my bizness a ? takin' th' trouble to wash 'er face an' put hon 'er dres3 for sech nonsense as this ! Hif you were any think like the. c'rect thing at all you'd 'ave a glass o' spirits, at least, or somethin' helse of the sort to gimnie £o? my trouble. You're a jumped up swindle ; that's wot you are, an' I don't care tvho 'ears me say it.' A third very free and independent electress waB evidently in a more satisfied mood, for having nnisnea ner Business ac Me uaiiuii uui bub giee f ully giggled, 'There now ; I've showed the whole of those five candidate chaps that I'm a woman of my word. I promised to give each of them a vote, and I've done it. Now they can toss up to see who takes the lot.' Another young lady Wanted to pull down the booth and set fire to all that was in it, because a 'kerridge an' pair' was sent to bring a neighbour to the poll, while '''a trumpery tuppenny 'a-penny pony cart shan dridan of a thing was sent for her,' and this is the kind of game that Premier Parkes and his petticoated philanthropists would like to see in troduced her It would be better for us all to stand a second edition of the Deluge instead. .. /That many women have wrongs which require redressing is self-evident enough ; but unfor tunately these real grievances are generally over Itioked. Someone signing herself 'A Lady' recently wrote a sharp letter to the Herald, complaining of the long hours oE standing en forced upon shop-girls. In this letter the writer said — ' Talking to one assistant I asked her to sit down whilo we were talking as there were no customers requiring attention.' The reply made ?was— ' It's against the rules for us to sit down during business hours.' It is fully ten years ago since I drew attention in the Fjreeiian to the shop-walker who shouted in a shop bare of cus tomers, ' Now, then, Miss Weary ; fly round and appear to be doing something.' Ever and anon the same subject crops up, the same hurroo is raised, the same indignant letters appaar in the daily papers, and in the end the poor shop-girl doeBn't benefit by the mutiny any more than Mtjthusalem's maiden aunt does. Why a shop girl cannot hand over change of a shilling, or snip off a yard of barege bombnuine tulle sitting down a3 well as standing up is a matter which no nian, except a man-milliner, can understand, but 1 fear there is no remedy outside of legislation for this undoubted wrong to woman. I may mention just here that the London Early Closing Association has patented a verv simple land ingenious contrivance in the shape of a shop assistant's seat, which seems to be a sweet sort ol boon indeed. It occupies about the same space when not in use as a closed umbrella. When the assistant feels fatigued she touches a spring, and, presto, there is a chair. It is not a very substan tial concern, however, and when watching it at work holding up a tired fairy form, one can't help fidgftting for fear it will suddenly shut up and drop the lady below somewhere, like a female 'variety of the jack-in-the-box. It is a step in the right direction, however, and the first establish ment that introduces it here should have the special patronage of every woman who has heart enougn tdo ieei lor n wBi«t b vrouuic. In fear stud trembling1 1 have often wondered 'what particular style of catastrophe would happen, if gome ctatrng freiyg attempted to introduce a little common sense reform into legal mattei-3. Possibly the earth would gape and swallow that rash man alive, or, what is more probable still, per haps the whole world would dry up and blow away altogether. All the same, however, the thing is worth a, trial, and if any one doubts this let him read the next par. At the last Quarter Sessions held here, one Joseph Lilly, who looked as harmless as a, sucking dove, was arraigned upou the following indict ment— ' That on September 20, at Terrigal, in, and upon, and across a certain public road there, commonly called and known as the Meadows-road, situate in the pariah of Kincumber, in the county of Northumberland, being the Queen's common highway, used for all the liege subjects of our Lady the Queen, with their horse3, carts, and carriage?, to go, return, pass, repass, ride, and labour, at their free will and pleasure, unlaw fully and injuriously did put and place divers fallen trees and timber, continuously from the ?day Ia3t aforesaid to the present permitted and suffered, and still permits and allows the said trees and timber respectively to be and remain in and upon the Queen's common highway afore said.' Upon hearing that terrible count reeled off I certainly thought that nothing short of poor Lilley being hung, drawn and quartered would meet the ends of justice, but when the whole af fair was boiled down and strained it was found that the audacious culprit had merely chopped down a couple of gum trees and allowed them to lie where they fell, across a public road. Poor Lilley has not been executed yet, but if he escapes this ought to be an awful warning for him to knock off interfering with 'all the liege subjects of the Queen,' and to amend his wicked ways in general.' In another case, tried before the Full Court, their Honors inquired for a copy of the Judge's notes, upon which they were informed that 'no notes had been taken ; in fact there was no trial at all ; it was a perfect farce; the Judge walking up and down the Bench with his hands in his pockets.' The ' Full Court' looked as if it could hardly credit that it had correctly heard this startling statement. The idea of a Judge walking up and down while a case was being heard was bad enough, but the fact of his having his hands in his pockets —perhaps even in his breeches pocket?, was enough to make the ghost o£ Lord Chaucellor Bacon rise and declare by his gadzooks, and hali dames, and other early English oaths that the end of the world was at hand at last. Personally, however, I don't see why a Judge cannot thoroughly master the facts of a case standing up as well as he can sitting down. I would even go a point further, and submit that the best position for a Judge to adopt would be to lie on his back in a state bed, with a good cigar in his mouth, and his heels elevated by the aid of old law books till they were about four feet higher than his head. Many able men maintain that the recumbent position is the one best suited for persons who have to do any amount of important thinking ; others are of opinion that men's thoughts come more readily when the body is in active motion, but all seem to agree that the sitting posture is the worst. Sir Walter Scott thought out his novels while ' simmering in. bed,' as he has ex plained; Beethoven cuatposed his best works while rambling through the- country, and there is no earthly reason for supposing that a Judge's mind cannot wrestle with law problems unless his learned body is anchored to a chair. But it would ' look so bad ' to see his Honour in the position I have suggested, and so I fear he will still have to sit and suffer. Looking over some late home papers I struck two items which filled mo with Dawvid Buchanan's old complaint — '' a soorprise that bordured upon consturnashun.' Item the first pointed oat that the royal legs of England are in a very bad way indeed ; so bad in fact that the greater part of the royal family would be all the better for being blistered and turned out to grass for a season. Our good and gracious Queen has a swollen knee ; the Prince of Wales has ' developed a leg' also, being seriously troubled with varicose veins ; his revered wife has long been a martyr to knee troubles, and now that 3inart youth, Albert Vinfor. lifts ar-vn.inor) Viis n.nlr!r- toVhIo Vinnfinn tame, menagerie elephants, and goes about with his game foot in a sling. The royal family has scarcely a sound leg to stand upon, and it is said that the spectacle of her Majesty the Que3n of Great Britain, Empress of India,, and Colonel of the HooFempoofemschloswigcrookem Horse Marines glaring at the threepenny bit on the pavement, utterly unable to pick it up, is harrowing enough to dvaw tears even from an eviction bailiff. This is sad, indeed. Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown ; but the owner of a rheumatic knee has an equally trying time. The next u shocker ' comes in the shape of a par. which rsayi3-~ There was a time, and that, not very long ago^ Vih&a; about o&e-thkd; o£ the .British Army w'eso Irishmen. It is otherwise now. The annual re port lately issued by the Commander-in-Chief shows that the ratio oi! Englishmen in the army is ten to one compared with Irishmen. This looks as if Irishmen were just aboub full up of fighting England's petty wars against blacking bottle warriors armed with bows and arrows, and it is apt to materially affect the betting should the British Lion ever get mixed up in a roughand tumble tussle with the Eussian Bear. It also recalls the glorious deeds of the Irish heroes who fought and fell in defence of a none too grateful English throne, and in particular it tmvns one's thoughts to Thomas Davis's stirring poem on the surprise of Cremona, one highly sig nificant stanza of which pcem runs — ' News, news in Vienna ! — King Leopold's sad. Nows, news in St. Jiuncs's — King William is mad. News, news in Versailles-™' lot the Irish Brigade Bo royally honoured and royally paid !' News, news in old Ireland — high riyes her pride, And high sounds her wail for hor chifdren who died, And deep is her prayer — ' God s»end I may see MacDonnell and Mataony lighting for me !' ' 