WITHOUT LOVE OB LICENSE. A TALE OF SOUTH DEVON. BY HAWLEY SMART, Author of "Breezfe Langton," "The Master of Rathkelly," " Long Odds," &Ci; [By special arrangements with the author. All rlghfca reserved.] CHAPTER Y.-TOOTELL IS PUZZLED, " I don't understand it and I don't quite like it," said Mrs. Mercer dogmatically} as she Bat in the Dragon bar parlor conversing with her husband and Mr. Brent. " "Well, I don't much like it myself," replied Joe. "It's rather too risky a speculation for my taste." "Nonsense 1" said Brent, 11 who's to anspect you? Did yon ever make so much money in the time before ? Busi ness ia juat in fall Bwing now. Another eighteen months and oar fortune is made." "That's all true enough," rejoined Mercer, " bat it's a dangerous game, and I wish! had never started on It." "Stuff and nonsense !" retorted Brent, "we won't go into particulars. "Who risks most, I should like to know-you or I?" " That don't very much matter," said Joe. 41 "When you are busted, it don't signify how much yon are busted." " Come, come," said Brent soothingly, " its no use funking now. You've sailed as close to the wind many a time, I'll be bound." "Never!" said the other emphatically, as he brought his fist down on the table. "I've not been over particular, I admit, but I never went as far as this before. It's all very well; you've been playing a game "of hide and Beek all your life-I haven't; there has never been anything against me that I couldn't face." "Oh, cornel" rejoined Brent, "you needn't go bragging about your character now. Remember, If you cut the whole business to-morrow you are in just the same scrape as if you carried on for another year or so. I'm not a rich man, and have got too much money in this business to drop such a paying concern. You must go on.!' f' That's true, missis," said Joe, turn ing to his wife, " I'll back out as soon as I can, but it can't be yet." "Just so," said Brent; "now look here, we've been a little imprudent trust* Ingto the ghost storleB-to keep the girls f out of the old ballroom. We've been weak enough to leave the key in the lock. There Is nobody but the maids, I suppose, ever goes near it "No," replied Mrs Mercer, "and neither of them dare go inside, I'll pound It." "It was Dan's turn on, so I wasn't downstairs, He said he heard voices in the ballroom this afternoon. It Is well I had a Bpeclal key m^de. That door must be kept locked in future." " I can't think who it'could have been," said Mercer, whose face betrayed unmis takable signs of uneasiness, "but I'll take good care that the room is kept locked in . future." And here the appearance of Sarah with an enquiry as to whether supper was ready put an end to the con versation. Fred HaUaton on his way home tQ Exeter became suddenly conscious of a violent desire to learn all he could about the coaBt lore of Devonshire. He deter mined to Bet to work and pick up all the smuggling legends he could lay his hands on, and those connected with the old Dragon Inn in'partlcular, but he did not think proper to disclose his newly ac aulred information for tjic benefit of his brother officers at dinner that evening. On the contrary, when questioned about his proceedings by his particular chum, Dicky. Chives, he was peculiarly reticent , concerning them, and was so unusually silent that that worthy at last remarked drily, "that whatever he had been doing, It didn't seem to have agreed with him." Young men In Fred Hallaton's state are either aptj to be silent, or worse. still, garrulous, and:then, as. moat of us have painful experience, they wax eloquent only on the one subject; Hallaton had attained his twenty-fifth year, and this wat» the first time he had ever been seriously, attracted by a woman's charms. He had spent only two afternoons?- In' Sarah's Bcciety and was already entangled In a desperate flirtation with that young lady.. In considerable danger, if he only knew It, of making an arrant fool of himself. The game was too uneven, he was over head and ears in. love with her, whilst Sarah, though about his own age, was years older in all knowledge of affairs of the heart. If her flirtations had been numerous no one of them had cost her a regret. It waa the cool calculating player against the impetuous novice. Needless to add that the game was in the former's handB, and that the latter would eventually be at her mercy, hers to do. what she willed with, to toas on one Bids or to take to herself a husband. Chives, however, at the present had not the slightest suspicion that his comrade was bo stricken; he often chaffed Fred about being "a lady's man," but that meant no mere than that Hallaton was a ball-goer, fond of society, and not afraid of a woman when he met one. Dicky Chives knew In his heart that he was; he would have Btood up without flinching to the biggest rough if he had insulted him, but to converse with a lady always threw Dicky Into a state of nervous bewilderment. He had seen Hallaton paying great attention to a handsome girl during the cricket match, but he had | no idea of who Sarah was or what was her i station. To see Fred doing cavalier was no new Bight,. and though he laugh ingly predicted that his weakness that way would prove his ruin, Mr. Ohlyes really thought his chum perfectly well able to take care of himself, and would have manifested much incredulity If any body had suggested that Hallaton was In a fairway to get himself into a terrible scrape. However, It was little likely that Fred's visit to the Dragon would cease at present. Nor was It likely that they would be long before they came to the knowledge of Dicky Chives. But there was another person who sus pected the continuation of the flirtation that he had seen commenced on Exmouth Cricket Ground, and that was Mr. Tootell. Anything of that kind was a perfect god Bend to the old gossip, who since his re tirement from business had taken the supervision of all the love-making In Exmouth under his own care, and had in consequence run more than one narrow escape of being kicked for hia pains. People are sometimes misunderstood; but Mr. Tootell's unappeasable curiosity was quite understanded by the people of Ex mouth. He waB dying to know If any thing more had come of that promis ing beginning, and when he had seen Hallaton coming from the direction of the Dragon, he had done his beat to learn from him whether he had been there. If thiB was bo it would make the inn highly interesting. He could see how old Joe Mercer was getting on, and superintend | ?Sarah's iittle affair at the same time. He j rubbed his hands with- satisfaction; but here the "something bitter" arose, as he reflected that they were desperately Im petuous young people to meddle with. Mr. Hallaton's manner, he could but acknowledge, upon one occasion on which he had spoken to him had been far from. friendly, while Miss Mercer, he knew of old, wa3 dangerous to interfere with. Still the master passion triumphed, and heedless of the unpleasant consequences that had more than once attended his putting his nose into other people's affairs, Mr. Tootell haunted the Dragon more persistently than ever. No rebuff seemed to daunt him, although Mrs. Mercer would storm at him on the slightest provo cation, although Sarah barely acknow ledged his salutation, and although even Joe himself was . as near morose as It was possible for him to be. Mr. Tootell bore It all with-imperturbable good temper; he was not to be irritated; he came persis tently morning after morning, sat for the best part of an hour over his pipe and mlldl ale, enquiring about every conceiv able ? topic, from how the potatoes were getting on In the garden to how trade was doing at the bar, to when Sarah was going to be married, to what Mr. Brent was doing down there. *' How Bhould I know 2" replied Jbe MercerteBtlly one morning. "As long as a customer pays his bill It is nothing to me what his reasons may be for stop ping In my house." " Well, but what should you think they were ?" pertinaciously enquired Tootell. " I don't bother my head about It ? " replied Joe, " I wonder you don't try the ale at some other hotel occasionally," j " Bather ungrateful of yon that, Joe. j Ton know I promised you when you took j the Dragon that you should have the benefit of all my experience, and yon shall." " I'm not aware that I ever came to yon for advice." " No, no, you wouldn't, Joe. You're a strong-willed.man, with a shrewd head on your shoulders, that's what you are. You don't want everybody's advice aboub what you're going to do, not you; but for all that it's the duty of your friends, when you go Into a business you don't know any thing about, to standby you." " Confound it," said Mercer. " I know perfectly well what I'm about. I don't require your advice, nor anyone else's," For that morning, at all events, Mr. Tootell was silenced, and finished his ale wlthont making further enquiry. But he had not the slightest intention of abandon ing his investigations, and was as deter mined as ever to find out what business It waa that detained Mr. Brent in the neigh borhood, and whether young Hallaton was a constant visitor at the Dragon. He had never met the latter, and to his Interro gations on the subject both Joe and his wife professed complete ignorance of that gentleman's Identity. " We bend to no one of that name," had been Mercer's reply, " and it is not to be supposed that i|know the name of everybody who comes in for a glass of ale." To which Mr. Tootell had replied tartly that they weren't so very numerous as to confuse a man's recollection. He suspected that the Mercers were not quite telling the truth, and in this we know he was well justified ; but what are you to do with a' man of this description, one might as well publish one's private affairs in the paper as make Mr. Tootell acquainted with them. In his thirst for information on this point he had at length mustered up courage to enquire of Miss Mercer If she had met Mr. Hallaton lately; bat that young lady rose to the occasion, and with a scornful tosB of her head promptly replied, " If you'll ask me no questions I'll tell you no lies," and case-hardened as he was, Mr. Tootell did not dare to pursue the subject further. Miss Mercer was one of the few people of whom he Btood In awe. Brent, too, Mr. Tootell saw but little of; he oc casionally found that mysterious Btranger in the bar when he visited the Dragon, But any attempt to inveigle Brent into conversation [was hopeless. He was ap parently a walking monosyllable, and the advent of Mr, Tootell seemed to bo to him, a signal for leaving the room, bob gradu ally there stole upon the former a eorb of Bhadowy Idea that he had seen Brenb before at some far away time. Long ago, If It was BO, and when or where ib waa he had no concepblon. Although a great slice of his life had been paaaed in Ex month, yet he had began the world in London, and it was the profits he had made In the " public" line there that bad enabled him to take the house In Exmouth where he finally acquired his competency. This idea once got into his head, Mr. Tootell cudgelled his brain ceaselessly as i to who Brent was in the past; and as to where he had met him. He endeavored to throw himself in his way on every occa sion, , but the opportunities vouchsafed him were few, and even when he did succeed in pouncing on his victim, Brenb speedily made his escape. Save the one occasion upon which he had seen him in Exmouth, he had never encountered Brent except either in, or in the imme diate vicinity of, the Dragon. It was all a haze, and he could make nothing of lb> One thing only was clear to Mr. Tootell, to wit, if ever he had met Brent in formerdays that was not the name he then went by; that he had never known anyone so called he was perfectly, certain. That he. never encountered Haliaton was due chiefly to the fact that whereas Mr Tootell usaally frequented the Dragon In the morning, Fred [generally paid his visits to Sarah in the afternoon, and partly to the mere acci dent that he had never asjeb run across Haliaton on his way to and from the station. Hallaton's journeys to Exmouth had not as yet attracted the attention of his brobher officers. It was supposed thab he had friendB in . the. town,, having been seen talking to MiaB Lydney in the cricket pavilion, and the banker; was not only a prominent .feature- in his. own town, but was well, known in Exeter besides.. " Mercer," exclaimed Brent, as he entered the bar-parlor hurriedly soon after the termination of . one of Mr. Tootell's visits^ " we must put a stop to that inqui sitive old idiot coming here. We've got enough custom just to be the blind, we want, and our customers are all of the right sort-men who come In Blmply for their drinks and a short rest, and nothing else, bar two. I don't much like that young officer coming here. However, there's ho mistake about ivhy he comes here.) He is after your daughter, and,. I'm bound to say, don't seem to have eyes for anything else." " "Well, Sarah can take care of herself," replied Mercer; " so never mind that parb of it.. He's a good sm t, he don't want to know anything, he's r<o harm about the placej and Joe can't expect the girl not to - { have a sweetheart." " Oh, I don't so ranch mind young Haliaton," returned Brenc, "bub we must put a. stop to that fellow Tootell coming here.: I'd knock his head off for two pence." "Oh yes," rejoined Joe, "and there are times when I get so mad with hia questioning I could shake the life out of the wretched little atomy, although I've known him the laBt 20 years and more. But what good would that do ? He's a vindictive little devil if he's thwarted, i and he'd have either of us up to Woodbury j for assault. It only calls attention to the house; and then it wouldn't suit either of us to :be turned inside oub by one of these lawyer chaps." "No," Bald Brent, "ib wouldn't suit my book to be in a witness-box ab all. One never can tell what license the beaks would allow a sharp lawyer." " He'd not mind either," said Joe, with a twinkle In his eye, " that Tootell wonldn'b mind a black eye or so to find out what has brought you down here." . "No; as you say, ib would draw at tention to the house, more or less, and that's just what we don't want. I must devise some other scheme." ' 