GHOST STORIES. THE GHOSTLY SIGNAL AND THE v ' PHANTOM PLOUGHMAN. frpxn-tiie; yania., '--V'"'.'.'''' '-'••'• • • ' '••' TEE OHKE3I3 OF THE OHOST. Last autumn there was an acoidcnt on tho Canada Atlantic railway, near tho station at St. Soliolastiqao. A fanner named Brunot wus walking along tho track at about 12 o'clock at night, when the Ottawa express camc along, ntruck liim, and threw bin body 100ft. away, so horribly mangling it that portions wore found in tho branches of a clump of trees growing bopido the track. Tliero liavo boon fivo different enginoers of that train since then, tho last resigning only a fow days ago. Tho rooson given for the resignations wan that the clump of trees was haunted, and that thoro wuro strange signals givon there 'cry night, whioh always stopped tho train and thon disappeared. 1'ho engineer who rosigned la.st gives the following reasons for giving up his. position:— WHY THE ENOEfEEtt liBSIOKED. 's a ghost or something liko it, and it has been tho oauso of four other cngi- 3 asking to . bo transferred. I first saw tho ghost ono night two weeks ago. I had loft St. Scholastique, and was whooping her up, because I wus a trifle late. I had hardly got hor going, when I saw whut seemed to be a red star floating-, in tlio air, X>crhup6 a mile away, aud ahead of me. It grew larger as I got no«irer, and suddenly It struck mc that tho red otar was a rod lamp. Yet it was very high in tho air—too high, thought I, to be a signal. I noticed also that it apparently hovorcd over tho clump of trees. Ah 1 got within 200 yards of tho trees tho red globe seemed to jump across from tho trees right over tho truck. This all took place in a shorter while than it takes mo to tell it. I was startled. Tho light was undoubtedly that of a signal lamp, and hung directly in the way of the train. I hadn't time to call tho attention, of my firemen to it before I was on top of it. 1'lightened and. fearful that thoro was something tlio mnttor with, tho road, I whistled down brakes, shut oil: steam, put on tho uir brakes, and stopped the train. Everybody was startled. Tho conductor ran forward and usked what was tho mutter. £ told him, and wo started back to investigate. There was nothing tlio matter, with tho road. Thcro wasn't a house within half a mile of the place, nor could any footprints bo discovered in tho snow to show that' anybody hud boen in the neighbourhood. Now, up to that timo I had never heard of tho ghost, but I noticed that tho conductor, George Welles, wus atrrdrigely" agitated, and tho fireman lookod ••scared."'.- -'•.•-•- •/ . THE FIE BY GLOBE OKCE MORE. My noxt up trip was two nights later, and precisely tut* same pnonomenun appeared. I was scared this timo. That it was Bupcrnatiirul I had no doubt, and despite an inclination to bruvo tho ghostly warning and keep the train going, my hands turned oif the steam and put on tho air brakes ahnont incuhauically. The conductor came forward as before, i oxplaiucd exactly tho sumo way, and wo wont on after failing to discover any reason why a danger hignid should have been u.sod at that particular point. My fireman then told mc tiiut the apparition, ghost, or whutever it was, had boon seen by lour othi'iy, who hud all gut other nhifls. Tht-y couldu't Ktandit. Neithercould I—and hero I am, laid oif. A rilANTOlI rLOUGinULV. In the nurth-^wtvteru Korner of Lower Meriou township, Montgomery County, Pa., a grout hubbub litis been mined by a pnautoin fanner who its uightly seen ploughing in a lk'ld. Tho apparition wus iirnt discovered ulout tlio end uf March by a farm hand who was returning late from coursing. Emerging lVom a wouded pathway that skirled ;ui uld forest for iniie.s, this rustic was startled to hear a sopulcbral voice commanding a team to halt. lie looked in vuin about tho placo for a moment ur two, aud was ubout moving 011 again when tho same sound fell on his ear. A nhivcr crept over him as ho heard tho creaking of au uuscuu harness, und his terror was far from being allayed by the whinny of a horse almost, directly beforo him. At that moment tlie new moon Ktolo ovor tho neighbouring trcotops, and iu its misty light ho plainly saw tlio phantom farmer. It was clearly outlined ugainst tho dark background, aud its two hands hold in a steady grasp the projecting liandlcs of a plough. Boforo it marched a pair of spirited howes, dimly outlined in the misty light, their heads erccb aud their eyes flashing liro as they moved hastily along. Tho young inan waited another moment to reassure himself, and was about to take to liis heels when ploughman, horno, und plough suddenly vanished. Then ho, too, lied in wild alarm. SEES 31T SEVEN MEN'. At .Silas Brown's corner grocery on .the night succeeding this, tho young man, Albert Cooper by name, told this startling story. Tho crowd adjourned to the alleged scene of thci- ghost's. operations .to verify.or disprove. Cooper's talo".' They had- not:.long to. wait. Without the noises -that :hfld '.^iuaiod:Coop6r Vfijio'-*- ^lftirbefore}'J^ V-pi^^nii^^ iitp-.- •wt^^^iffi^oi^.lid ^bb'^drb - abcrarafce";, •wli'o almost ^^feU.l£rom'. ; it.m^fr6r.;j jwliitb hiiir drift beard, streamed."in tlie passing "wind. No hat ' was . upon liis; head, iior could any portion of liis -face bo .seen, except tho gliateiiing eyes. Tbeao shot • out from' a height of more than soven foot from tho ground, indicating the spectral granger was taller than tho average of .human kind. About hi9 body, which conldnotwoll.be traced, there was a phosphorescent glow which dazzled tho eyes of the terrified spectators and tshonc far ahead of the steadily moving horses. The plough he leaned on seemed of skeleton frmnc, but it tossed oiE tho soft, moist earth as easily as a steaincr turns the river waves. On lie came, tho horses seemed to cidiulo fire, their heads erect and arching, and footfalls as firm and clear as any the watchers ever hoard. At the corner of the field they ttirned obediently at a word from their spectral driver, and again passed beforo the allrightcd spectators, who thereupon 11 cd in haste. THE FIELD PLOUGHED DY THE GIIOST. On tho following morning a crowd of rustics determined to go to the field aud seo wlie tlier any trace of tho farmer could be found. As they came in sight of tho enclosure one of the number cxclaimed in astonishment: " I'll be durned if tho thing doesn't plough, sure enough." He was right. One-half of the field had been gone over, evidently by no novice. Tho furrows were not quite so broad as those made by an ordinary ploughman, but tbev were ragged and more"dcep, and wero os straight as the most oxporicnced eye couldniako them, A day or two after the same group went out to view the fields again, and this time they found that tho phantom liad finished tho work. The owner of the field was ono of the number, and ho took a solemn oath that he had not turned a Hod in tho enclosure. 