* EXPERIENCES OF AN EDINBURGH DETECTIVE* BY JAMES MoGOVANj Author of "Brought to Bay," "Hooted Dosra, " Strange Oluea," *' Traced andTraokedL)" "Solved Mysteries," &o.; Ill® Berwick Bare. The first time my attention was direoted t-j Will Smeaton wa3 by a telegram from a border town which described hia appearance, and stated-a little late, however-that he had escaped in the direction of Edinburgh^ Tha message called for Smeaton'a arreat on aua pioion of a very deliberate attempt at murder, the victim being a sweetheart named Jessia Aimers. The full particulars followed the telegram, and they seemed to leavs little doubt of Smeaton'a guilt. Jessie Aimers was a giri of superior education, a teacher in the town, and greatly beloved by all. She and Smeatoa had been brought up at the same school, but with very different results-for he became a kind of coarse dare-devil, a brass-finisher by trade,_ with a strong inclination for salmon poaching; while Jessie grew up refined, modeat. and gentle. What possible bondof love could exist between two such natures is the question which naturally rises to ona's lips ; yet, with that tantalising contrariety which humanity seems to revel in, tha answer was that such love did exist, and' in no common degree of strength. The question waB asked and echoed- by all the townsfolk and debated and wondered over, but the only deoiBion was that Jesaia Aimers was foolish to lavish her love on auoh a worthless object and very much to be pitied on that account. Simple, short-sighted towns folk! Jessie's love wa3 her life, her breath, the very pufee of her heart. To give up that would have been simply to lie down in tfea grave. The circumstances under which the attempt at murder was Baid to have been mad9 wsra these. Jessie Aimers had left her home about dusk on a fine October evening to meet her lover, who was positively forbidden her father's house. They had met at Bome appointed spot and were seen about an hour later wandering slowly up by the river side. Smeaton appearedto ba in a. bad temper, for he waB talking loudly and hotly, JeBsie waB answering gently and plead ingly. It was then quite dark, but they wsra readily recognised by their voices; Further up the river, and but a Bhort time after, a graat soream was heard, and very soon Smeatoa was seen returning along thq path alone in great haste, and so intent on his own thoughts that he had passed an intimate acquaintance close enough to brush his sleeve silent .aa a ghoBt, Smeaton had gone straight home, bat stayed there only long enough to get soma money and his watch, and then made his. way to the railway-station and took a ticket for Edinburgh. It was the manner in which this ticket was procured which first excited suspicion. Smeatoa did not go to the ticket window himself, but skulked at the other end of the station whila he Bent a boy whom he had hailed for the pur pose to get the ticket. The boy was known, and the ticket clerk, astonished at him taking such a long journey, refused to give the ticket till be admitted that he was acting not for him self but for Will:Smeaton. . The boy probably made no mention of the circumstance to Smeaton, for when the ticket-clerk went over the train helping to examine the tickets and came upon Smeaton in. an obscure corner ha Baid to him laughingly?-Were ye feared to come for the ticket yoursel' whereat tha passenger looked horribly scared and taken aback; so much bo that he was unable to find voice to reply before the ticket-clerk was gone. While this had been taking.place some.young fellows were making a queer catch on ihe river. They were salmon poachers and were hurriedly making a cast of a net at a shady part of the stream after seeing the watchers Bafely out of eight when suddenly one of them cried out "Pull in, pull in ! We've gotten as bonnia a beast as ever was ta'en oot the water. I saw the white glisk o' her as she tried to skirt eooni outside the net, but we've gotten her. The sly witch is hidin' at the bottom, butye'il see he? in a meenit." Very muoh more quiokly and rashly thaa paid salmon laborers the others ruahed the ends of the cioae-meehed net ashore, agreeing tha while that if it was but a single fish it was a sixty or seventy pounder at leaBt, and in a moment or two had landed the bonnia white fish-sweet Jessia Aimers, with her light dreas clinging close to her slight figure, her eyes closed as in death, and her white face gleaming up at them like a shining moon cut of the deuaa gloom, " Gude save ub, it's a wuman! Droonad! deid!" the soared poaohera cried in a breath, and by a common impulse they were near dropping her and the net and taking at onca to their heels. But one more Bharp sighted than tha rest, bending down, noticed first that there was a wound on the whita brow, which was bleeding, and next that the features were familiar to him. "Dog on it, lads, if it's no bonnia Je3aia AimerB?" Exclamations of incredulity and horror ran round the group, and it was only on one Btiiiinj a match and holding the light dose to the cold face that they were convinced of the truth. They Btood there, silent and sorrowful, and with watchers and their own dangers far from, their thoughts, and then one threw out a wonder as to how Jessie had got itto tha water. " Fell in, maybe," suggested one. "Or jumped in, mair likely," said another. "The puir thing has been fretting her lifa away for Wull Smeaton. I aye thouoht it wad come to this, She wa3 for owre gude foe him," " Maybe he helped her in," darkly suggested a third, "I've seen them often walking hara thegither, and he's a perfect brute when he's in a passion. He wad ding her in as sans as look at her." This last suggestion found most acceptance. These men knew Smeaton thoroughly- hu fiery temper, brutal strength, and impulsivs ferocity-and had little doubt but hh hand had sent the poor girl to her watery grave, Their only difficulty was how to act in tha dilemma, One thought that it would be safest, in order to Avoid awkward questioning by those in authority, to quietly Blip the body into the water again, Btow away their net in its usual hiding-place, and drop work for the night; but this proposal waB not well received, for Jessia waB a general favorite, and was admired from a distance by the roughest in the place, Whila they Btood thus in doubt one of them suddenly exclaimed ''Deid folk dinna -bleed! She's mayba living yet-let's gie the puir thing a chance roll her on the grass-lift up her airms-das ony thing that's like to bring her round." The result of this electrifying speech waa that the whole gang lent a hand in the rough and ready means of restoration, and with such good effect that very shortly the supposed drowned girl gave Bigns of life, though not of consciousness. Thus encouraged the men made a litter of their coats, and ran with her to the nearest cottage, where she was put to bed, and tended and nnrsed as carefully as if Bhe had been in her own home. JeBsie's parents were sent for and informed as gently as possible of the accident, and their first exclamation on reaching their daughter's side was-" Oh, the villain! this i3 Smeaton's work." Jessie waB able to recognise her father, and smile faintly when he took her hand in his own, but she was too weak to give any account of the accident or crime till next morning. By. that time the flight of Smeaton had been dis covered, and telegrams dispatched ordering hia arrest and detention; and when Jessie woka she found not only tha lisutenantof polioa, but a magistrate at her bedside ready to hear her statement and act upon her charge. Then they all were surprised to find that Jessie had no charge to make. She would not, by aa muoh as a look, admit that Smeaton had thrown her . into the water, or even struck her BO as to cause her to fall in or receive the wound-oa her temple. How had the accident happened, then ? "I must have fallen in," said Jessia after a long pause and with tears in her eyes. "Yes, you must have fallen in," impatiently interposed her father, who positively hated bar lover, "or you could never have been picked out; but was the falling in purely accidental ?' Snrely, Jessie, I have trained you well enough in truthfulness to be able to rely on your answer in a matter of life and death ?" "Yes, father dear," meekly answered Jessie, with fresh tears, I will always ba truthful. But I cannot answer every queation. I would ratherdie and be at rest." "If this wretch attempted to drown you-to take your life-do you think you are doinjr right to screen him from the just punishment of his crime ?" sternly observed her father. "Will would never attempt to do auoh. a thing," warmly answered the girl, fS He has faults-though not so many aa people imagine but that he would never do, It is not in hia nature." " The police are after him now andlikely'to get him, and when he is tried you will bs forced to speak the truth," said her father; "yon will ba the principal witness, and if you do not speak the whole tinth you will be sent to prison yourself." "I will never say anything against him though they cut me in pieces," Baid Jessie, wita a deep sigh, " Why did they take me out of the river ? It would have been better to let ma lie than to torture me with questions." As Jessie's condition was still precarious it was decided to let the matter rest for a little, and meanwhile make every effort to captura Smeaton, trusting to Jessie becoming: fesa reticent or other turning upauffiaieaV to secure h» conviction. On the ttaine forenoon tbat Jessie was (has questioned I was going along a street near Nicholson street with my thoughts about as far from this ease as the moorria from the Bun, Aa yet I had only the brief telegram to guide me, and that contained v but a meagre description of the man. He was said to be a native of Berwick, of medium height, and to have curly hair of a sandy has, and a florid complexion* and to be rather muscular and firmly built. These points might suit a dozen out of every hundred one might meet in passing along the Btreet, and the de scription interested me so little that the aotual features had at the moment all but left my memory. What invisible finger is it that guidea many of our.sudden impulses ? When I entered that street I had no intention whatever of visiting a pawnbroker's, but when I came to one of their prominent signa I turned into the Ktair and ascended it, as gravely as if I had gone south for no other purpose than to visit that particular establishment. I had been there the day before looking for some trinkets which were reported stolen, and as I entered the thought struck me that I might ask for them again as an excuse for my re appearance. I was in no hurry, however, and as I could hear that there were Borne customers in before me I simply took my Btand inside one of the little boxes, and nodded to the proprie tor to intimate that I should wait my turn. For the benefit of those luoky mortals who have never been forced to enter such a place I may explain that these boxes run alongin front of the counter, and are chiefly useful for hiding one customer from another. Once shut in you are screened from every eye but that sharp million power magnifier owned by the proprie tor or his assistant. AB soon aa I waa shut in I noticed that the box next to me was occupied by a male cus tomer, who was busy extolling the value and powerB of a silver lever which he was trying to pledge. The pawnbroker was quite willing to take the watch; but, as is usual in such cases, the point on which they disagreed wa3 the sum to be advanced on the pledge. The argument was not particularly interesting to me* and I gradually left it behind in my thoughtB while I revelled in the queer brogue of the Btranger. It was a rich and musical twang to my ears, and when the man came to any word with the letter R in it-such as " tr-r r ain"-he rolled that R out into about a thousand, with a rich Bwell which made one imagine he enjoyed it. I was puzzled for a moment or two to decide on the exact locality of the dialect-though I have often boaBted that I can tell the dialects of Scotland and a good part of England to within thirty miles of the exact Bpofc on simply hearing them spoken. !*The man is from Newcastle," I rather hastily decided; thencamea slight mentaldemur atthedetision. There.were'slight pointsjof diffe rence and many Btrong points of resemblance. I listened for a little longer and then smiled out at my own Blowness and stupidity. "I might have known that tongue at the first sentence," was my mental exclamation. " It's the Berwickburr." While this analysis was going on in my mind the haggling over the watch was concluded by the stranger accepting a loan of thirty shillings on the pledge, and a ticket was rapidly filled up to that effect till it came to the important question "What name?" There was a pause before the answer came, and when it was spoken there was much in the careless tone which implied that too muoh re liance was not to be placed on the truthfulness of the reply. " Oh, Bay John Smith." " I can't take it at all, unless you give me your real name," said the pawnbroker sharply. I have no doubt my presence put p little edge on him. " How am I to know," he virtuously added, " that the watch is not stolen 2" "Stolen!" echoed the stranger warmly. " Man. there's the name of .the man I bought it frae," and he turned out a watch-paper in serted nnder the back. I could not see the name, but I did make out the words " Berwick* on-Tweed." "I'm no a thief-I'm a brass founder to trade," continued the man, with .energy, "and I expect to lift it again in a week or two." "AbrasBfounder," I thought, with a start. " I wonder if hiB name is Smeaton ?" While I was wondering the bargain was concluded and the money paid over, and then the man left. I left my box at the same mo ment and we moved out together. "It's a nice morning," he Baid, and I re turned the greeting. When we reached the Btresfc he turned BorthwardB. and I decided that that was my way too. " I heard you say you are a brassfounder," I remarked. " You'll be looking for a job ?" No, he didn't think he was-he meant to lie quiet for a little. " Oh, indeed ?-got into trouble, I suppose," I returned with interest. "Well, man," I added in a confidential whisper, " I know a place where your dearest friends couldn't get at you. You'd be safer there than anywhere. Care to go ?" He wasn't sure. He didn't mind going, but he did not promise to stay there. He was glad of company, however, and offered to treat me to some drink. I was in a hurry and begged to be exeused. " Yon belong to Berwick?" I said decidedly. He looked Btartled and troubled. "Who said that? How do you know ?" he stammered. "I know the Berwick burr, and you've got it Btrong," I quietly answered. "I haven't been in Berwick for mony a year," he said firmly. -'Ithought that-that's what puzzled me for a while-you're got a touch of Coldstream or .Kelso on your tongue," I ooolly remarked. He stared at me in evident consternation and getting a trifle pale, but made no reply. I had been studying his appearance, and from that moment felt almost certain of my man, I conducted him by North College-street, down College Wynd, chattering familiarly all the way, but never extracting from him his real name. I took him that way to convey to him the idea that he was going to some low *' howf," in which a man in trouble might bur row safely, and was pleased to note that as the route became more disreputable his spirits rose. He evidently did not know the city, and that circumstance aidedjme, I turned up the ITishnoarket Close and into the Bide entrance to the Central, " What kind of a place is this ?" he asked, staggered at the width and spaciousness of the etair. "It's the place I told you of," I carelessly answered, taking care to make him move up the steps in front of me. I Baw his Btep be come more faltering and unsteady, and when we reached the door of the "reoeption-room " I knew by his ghastly pallor that the truth had £ashed upon him. £ Straight in there, Smea ton," I said, aB his eye fell on me. "Thia is an unexpected pleasure to both of UB." He looked at me like a trapped tiger, and £ fully expected him to make a dash and dive for liberty. " What'a your name?'' he almost groaned. "McGovan." "The devil!" he_ ungratefully exclaimed, an then I led him in and accommodated him with a seat. He became fearfully agitated, and at length blurted out "If anything haB happened to the girl I'm not to blame for it." He did not once seem to think of denying hiB identity, and yet till that moment I was anything but certain that I bad the right man. He seemed a desperate, callous, and daring fellow, and but for the canny way in which he had been led to the place would, I felt sure, have given a world of trouble to capture. But once fairly limed he became but a quakinct coward. I did not understand his terror till I learned that he did not know that Jessie Aimers had been rescued and her life saved, There waB a visionary gallows before the villain at the moment seen only by himself. We were smiling all round* but there wasn't a ghost of a smile left in him. After he had emitted a very brief declaration he was locked up; and next day a man came through and took him beck to the town he had left BO suddenly. Jessie Aimers still persisted in her silence, and «he only charge which could jus tify Smeaton's detention was one of salmon poaching. The evidence took some time to collect, and when the trial oame on Jessie Aimers was just able to drag herself out of bed and be present. Smeaton was found guilty and find heavily, with an alternative of imprisonment, which everyone Baid would be -hiB reward. But to the astonishment of all, and the disgust of Jessie's father, the fine was paid. No one but Smeaton then knew that the money had been furnished by JeBsie Aimers; and yet when the brute was set at liberty ? and Bhe waited at the court entrance to see him and speak with him as he passed out'.he was seen by many to push the loving girl violently from him with some imprecation and walk off with a servant girl of evil re putation named Dinah King. Jessie pressed back 'the rising tears and was able to draw on a faint smile before 'she was joined by her father. Her father had almost to carry her home, and everyone looking on that pale face and drooping form declared that JesBiewaB not long for this world. Some months after the trial the house in which Dinah King served was broken into and robbed. Although the plunder was mostly of a kind not easily hidden or carried away no trace of it was got and the thieveB were never heard of, After a decent interval Dinah dis covered that the work of [that house was too heavy ,for her and gave notice to leave. Wften she did go she left the town, and Smeaton disappeared with her. Had ahe gone alone perhaps no suspicion would have been roused, but hia reputation was already tainted, and the result was another intimation to us to look after the pair, as it was rumored that they had gone to Edinburgh, The very day on which thia message arrived a young lady appeared at the office asking for 'me and giving her name as Miss Aimers. As she appeared weak and faint, she was allowed to wait my arrival. When I saw her face my first thought was " How young and how sweet to have death written on her face!" Yes, death was written there-in the pale, Bunken cheeks and waxy lips; in the deep, lustrous eyes, and in the gasping and 'panting for breath which necessi tated every sentence she uttered being broken in two. A word or two introduced her, and then I distinctly recalled the former case with Smeaton, and a thrill of pity ran through me as I looked on that wistful face and eager pair of eyes and listened to her story. " Eyeryone is prejudiced against him, but soy whole heart is wrapped up in him," she said with strange calmness. "Look at me. I am iying. I know it, and yet I am calm and fearless. I could even be happy were it not for him, and the-thought of him being lo3t to me through all eternity. I could not exist in heaven sundered from him. It would not be heaven to me. Oh, sir! you have seen much misery and much wickedness, but you know that a woman is not always blind even when she loves with all her soul. He is not so bad; but he is easily influenced and led away. If he is taken and put in prison through that fearful woman, will you remember that? And if I should not be allowed to see him, or if I am taken away before then, will you give him a message from me 2" I bowed, for I could not speak. "Tell him I have never lost faith in the goodness of .his heart; that I shall love him for ever, and that heaven will never be heaven to me without him beside me. Will yon tell him to think of that-Bometimea-'when he is alone; and of the aweet, happy hours we spent together when we were but boy and girl, full of innocent glee and love, before he was contaminated and led away. Oh, if God would only grant ma a little while longer on earth-a little time-just enough to see poor Will led baok to the right road and safe for heaven, I could lay my head down and say . Take me, Lord JeBus, take me home.'" "You may be quite sure that time will ba granted you for all that God needB yon to do on earth," I softly returned. " He mil not take you till your work is done." I spoke with her for some time, going over many pointsinher history already partly known tame, but I found that she would not breathe one word against the man. She would not ad mit that in a fit of passion he had throw her into the river, or that she owed to that immer sion her present feeble condition; she would not listen with patience to one Blighting ex pression or word of demur; her whole BOUT was wrapped up in him, and no tender, pure-souled mother could have yearned over her child more eagerly than she did over the man whose very name I could scarcely utter with patience, When she was gone X drew a long breath and mentally wishedthatl might get my plutcheson Smeaton firmly enough to treat him to a good long sentence of penal servitude. I felt aB if that would relieve my mind a bit.* A dajj or two later I came on Dinah and hes companion, and took them without trouble, but they had not an article about them which could connect them with the robbery at Dinah's laBt place. After a short detention they were released, and 1 hoped that they would take fright and leave the city. During my short acquaintance with Dinah it Btruck me that she was a great , deal worse than her companion. "She iB of the stuff that gaolbirds are made of, and a bad one at that," waB my reflection, and I remember thinking that it would certainly not be long before I heard of her again, sup posing they favored the city much longer with their presence. I saw them occasionally after that, and noted the general decay in their ap pearance, and guessed at their means of living, but never managed to get near them. One evening I was surpriEed by a visit from Dinah at the Central. She looked savage and sullen -a perfeot fiend. "You want to take Will Smeaton," she abruptly began, "I know you do, for you've been after him often enough." " I would rather take you," was my cold reply, and I spoke the truth. She affected to take the remark as a joke and laughed Bavagely-having the merriment all to herself. Then she revealed her message. Smeaton and another were to break into a Bhop in the New Town by getting through a hatch, creeping along the roof, and thenoe descending through an unoooupied flat, and so reaching the workrooms and Bhop, f* You've quarrelled with him and this ia your revenge, I suppose?" was my remark when Bhe had finished, but Dinah's reply can not be written down. My only regret at the moment was that I conld not warn Smeaton of MB danger, Dinah went back and had dinner and supper with the man she had betrayed- actually broke bread with him and smiled in his face, and appeared mote loving than Bhe had showed herself for weeks. A woman when good can be holier, purer, and more strong in her devotion and love than & man: but when she iB bad the depths of iniquity which she <&n; reach have never bsen touched by mortal man. I Bent over a posse of men one by one to the marked establishment, and when Smeaton and his companion appeared and ascended the stair I followed, and so closed up the retreat, They were not long gone. We heard the alarm, and some BhoutmR and struggling, and soon saw Smeaton come scrambling out at the window on the roof by which he had entered, and come ; flying along the slatea towards the hatch. Aa : he got close my head popped out in front of ; him, and he started-staggered back with an . oath-lost his footing, and vanished over the I edge of the roof, He was pioked up on the | pavement below very muoh injured and quite | BenselesB, and borne on a shutter to the in firmary, while his captured companion was marched over to the office and looked up. Dinah, in ferocious joy over Smeaton's acci dent, got drunk and abusive, and was taken to the cells next day. Smeaton remained for the most part unconscious during two daya and nightB, Towards the close of the second day a cab drove up to the infirmary gate, and out of it stepped a young girl, so pale and feeble that everjr one thought it was a patient instead of a visitor that had arrived. It was JeBsie AimerB, who had risen from bed and taken that long journey the moment she heard of the accident. She was helped into the ward and sat there with Smeaton'a hand m her own till evening, when he opened hia eyes for a mo ment and hazily reoognised her. Oh, Jeaaie, I'll never rise off this bed," he feebly exclaimed, and then as her warm tears rained down on his cheeks and her lips were preBsed to his own he said, " Dinna, dinna dae that. I dinna deserve it. Fray for me, Jessie, lass; jt's a' I can aEk o' ye now." A screen had bsen put up round the bed, shutting them off from the gaze of the other patients; and inside that the nurses glanced occassionally. They remained there, whisper ing and communing till Smeaton relapsed again. Towards morning there was a cry, loud and pieroing, behind the Bcreen, but the night nurBe was out of the ward at the moment. When she appeared one of the patients Spoke of the cry, and the nurse looked in on the pair. Jessie lay across the bed with her arms clasped tight about the patient, and her face hid in his bosom, Smeaton's faoe was marble-like, his eyes half open and fixed. The nurse knew that look at a glance, and called to her companion that Smeaton was dead, and Bhe feared that the young girl had fainted. Gently they tried to disengage the clasping fingers that they might raise her and restore her to consciousness, but the deathly coldness of the thin hand caused them both to start back and exchange a look of enquiry and alarm. They bent over her, they listened, all was Btill-still as the grave, still aa eternity, Jessie was dead. The title of the Detective Story for next Saturday's issue iB THE WHITE WAISTCOAT. 