A SPIRIT. WHBH Ealph Atwood's yonng daughter, Brelyn, rananuy from him with a fashionable city man, who had been hanging about the place for a Ions while, the shock to her father was very terrible. He was one of a type common enough in New England, rare elsewhere ; a man of education, who cared oothing for the prizes of this world. If he wanted more money than hé had, it was merely to add new books to his library^ There he spent all the time that he could spare from the small farm, which brought him, year in and year out, enongh to live on. The house, with its quaint old furniture, had belonged to the Atwoods in Revolutionary times, and was miraculously preserved, having been built of unusually good material, bat it was small and plain. He did a great deal of the out-of-door work with his own hands, and his daughter, who had lost her mother in infancy, did all that was needed within. It was when she was spreading linen to bleach upon the gnus that the man who destroyed her happiness first saw her ; and she was pretty enough to make any one linger to gaze; fair and young, ani very graceful. Her father thought her as pare as a baby, and as innocent of all knowledge of sin ; and when tbe truth burst upon him, it crashed him, mind, body, and one might have fancied, soul also. He was ill for a long time, and during this time he leased bis place to a yonng man who had just married, keeping only the little end room where his books were, and where he had had his bed placed. Though he got about again, all his energy seemed gone ; but I believe that he still hoped that his Ewy would return to him some day; until news of her death reached him. It was a short, sad story. The man for whose sake she had left her home had been fond of her for a little while. He dressed her in lace and velvets, au'l gave her jewels to wear and money to spend. Then his fancy took another flight,and he neglected Evelyn. One day her bonnet and a parasol were fonnd by the river's edge. This little note was pinned to them. It was directed to the man who had been so cruel to her : "You will be glad to be rid of me, for you love me no more. Will you tell my dear, good father that I know a dead trouble will not be so hard to bear as a living shame, and that I hope he can forget me. EVELTH." I shall never forget old Atwood'j face when he read that letter. I was practising medieine in Greenbarn at the time, and I think that I kept him from dying then. My wife was very sorry for him, and we did all the little things we could to make him comfortable. But he cared for nothing. Life had lost all interest to him. And in this condition we left him when we moved to Boston. He seemed so hopeless, so lonely, so utterly without any object in life, that I could not but feel that death would be for him a release from suffering. However, he was not permitted to die, while men who longed to live, and whose existence seemed necessary to others; were smitten down in their prime. One day, to my surprise, I met him in the street. He was thin aud worn, but the dull look had changed for one of excitement. He grasped my hand warmly. "I liaven't forgot your kindness, Doctor," he Eaid, "I Lave not, indeed. And Mrs. , I hope she is well." I answered that we were both in good health, and inquired how long he had been in New York. "Two months," he answered. "Two months. They seem so long. So much has happened. I should like to tell you about it, but it is so noisy here, and it agitates me too much." "Comeand take tea with us," I said, "and we can have a long talk." " Why, how kiud of you," he answered. " Bless my heart, how kind people are, and how good Heaven is. Why, when despair seems to draw a dark curtain about you for ever, suddenly there shines a light, a—why, my dear, dear friend, you don't half know how good (rod is to us." He took both our hands and pressed tfcem. : "I go out so much," he said. "Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday afternoons. How lucky that this is Tuesday. I have it to give to you. I'll come." He squeezed my hand, let it go, and hurried away. I was great puzzled, and when I reached home my wife shared my astonishment. Old Ealph Atwood, who had farmed his little land so simply, who bad lived such a quiet life and spent his leisure time in reading works on which he could not even talk to his nneducated neighbours—a man who, after his wife died, loved one human being on earth, his daughter —a man on whom a crushing grief had fallen so heavily that his labours in the field had become too hard for him, and that when I left Greenburn he had told me that he could find no distraction in his favourite volumes, since on every page he turned the name of his daughter Evelyn and her sad history alone seemed written. This man, eager, again—with engagements for certain evenings in tbe week —hopeful, and, above all, with such faith in the goodness of God ; for never very religions, the trouble that had befallen him had seemed to make him utterly doubt the goodness of God, or that we were more than the sands of the desert, or those flakes of snow that melt as they fall to earth. " What can it be ? What can it be ? " my wife repeated. But we could not explain the matter, and were obliged to wait until Atwood arrived. He was prompt, however, and came into the room with a smile ou his thiu, old face His manner was more genial than I had ever fancied it could be ; he shook our hands warmly. " You are looking very well, Mr. Atwood," said my wife. " You notice that?" he said. "Ah! well, life is a very different thing to me now. I will tell yon all about it. It is wonderful; so wonderful that I cannot believe my own senses sometimes, and I am not sure that I can make you believe me. Still, with proofs at hand " He stopped snd smiled, and crossing the nom, stood before an engraving of Mary at the tomb. *' He is not here, for He is risen," he said. The tears were in his eyes, but he wiped them away quickly. We sat down to tea. When the little maid was gone Atwood .looked at us earnestly. "Friends," he said, "you are good people, and you are people who think. Doctor, you know of such matters. Do you believe me a sane man 1 Do I seem rational to you ? " " Assuredly," I said. " I feal myself to be so," said he; "but I will shake your faith in me in a few moments, when I tell you that my dead daughter Evelyn has returned to me, as palpable a presence as in her life. I have not only seen her, but spoken to her, touched her, held her in my arms. My friends, I swear it to you." We said nothing. It was plain that this was true to him. He went on,— " You know that books/which treat of the supernatural—what we call the supernatural— were always interesting to me," he siid. "I never doubted the stories told by Kerncr of the Seeress of Prevorst. Because I did not understand a thing gave me no right to call it false. Who is it that says, ' If a man believed only what he could comprehend, he would believe neither in God, in himself, in the stars which rolled above his head, or the herbage which is crashed beneath his feet ? ' Bat after my great trial I read nothing, as you know. I used to lie across my bed hour by hour, doubting God because he would not let ma die. I used to go down into the woods aud lie there with the same feelings in my heart. One day I found a paper there. From force of habit I picked it up. It was a spiritualistic piper. Ah ! I see you stare. There was an account of a materializing seance that held me spell-bound." He paused. My wife had turned red and pale in a moment. I felt a sudden emotion of irritation. This was what he w&s; coming to. "Ah," he said, looking at me, "so I have shocked you. You do think me mad now. Well, my friends, I cannot b'lame you ; but let me tell you that that old newspaper has changed earth to fceaven for me. I kept it. I came to Boston. I went to the house—that blessed house. I—I ." He gave each of us a hand. "And I saw my Evelyn there. Yes, dear friends, it is true ; all true. She has kissed me. She has told me that she loves me. Why, it is nothing to die—nothing. We are the same as we were here, Only there is no trouble there, or any parting. Yes, it is true, this materialization." It wasEO plainly true to him. It was to me so horrible and cruel a deception that my EOUI sickened within me. "Whatdo you sseï" I asked. "Aveiled face, over which the curtains are drawn in haste, and this in a roomtoo dark to see anything plainly ?" "No, no," he said. "I see Evelyn, and she has told me things no other could know ; o&how; she used to play in the little^ closet in my library, keeping h<-r toys there ; of her mother's portrait, woich she used to kiss before she went to bed ; of the curious stones from Palestine that the minister gave her ; of the time a bird flew in at the window, and perched upon her shoulder- ~ Oh, it is Evelyn. At first I could not realize it; hut now " He pansed and sipped his tea. "This is the first teal have tasted for some time," he said. "It refreshes me greatly.. I have not much money, you know, and these mediums are obliged to charge rather heavily, from a poor man's point of view. I live on bread and water, and I sleep in a very miserab'e lodging to save my fees; but what do I care if I can see Evelyn?" Oh, how cruel this deception was. I thought. How these deceivers preyed on ï&é ienderest feelings of the human heart.. "Come to-morrow evening, dear friend," said Atwood. "You will see X speak from knowledge." " Yes, I will go with you," I said. "And then you will believe," he answered. "We will not talk about it until you have seen." It was late next evening when I went with him to the house of the medium. In the parlour was a small assemblage of people, who took their places in a double semicircle about the "cabinet"—a curtained wardrobe set in a recess. There were respectable people and doubtful people amongst them. The regular habitues hailed Atwood in friendly fashion. "He is greatly blessed,'' said a mild old lady at my side. " His daughter is a very strong spirit. I wish my hushand would come a:, plainly, but I never see his faie. '' Then a sharp, eager face was thrust between us. " Matilda came illuminated last night," said a voice. " How I rejoiced ! " Then the face was gone, for a hush was upon the room. A coarse, strong woman had entered, . withdrawn the curtains from the cabinet, asked if anyone wanted to examine it, and permitted me to enter. My fingers, in passing over the carpet on the floor, detected the binges of a trap-door ; but I said nothing. We took our seats, the room was darkened ; the medium entered into the cabinet, and a strange squeaking noice proceeded from its depths. " Yellow Pigeon the Pawnee," we were informed was addressing ns. He was an Indian, and he talked like a dime novel savage^ Finally he consented to appear. Something like a feather duster waved between the curtains, and we were told that he had done so. I had heen to these places before ; I had seen all that, folio wed—the nsual gleamof white at the entrance of the cabinet; the rag doll on a stick that was supposed to be the soul of a departed infant; the medium, in theatrical costume, with a " Hullo ! my hearties," as a sailor boy, drowned years before. My blood was boiling withiu me, when suddenly all was silent. We were asked to sing. We sang—to drown the sound of something else, I knew—we sang, "Shall We gather at the River," to the squeak of a melodeon. Then the curtains parted. A voies said: "Father, dear father." It was Evelyn's voice. The light grew a little stronger. I saw Evelyn's face. The curtains parted ; she slipped out, clad in shimmering robes that draped her as a statue is draped, in clinging folds, her white feet bare, her white arms bare, her fair hair falling to her waist. " Evelyn ! The old man had hastened to the cabinet. He held her hand, and caressed it. "Come here, my dear friend," he said. " Do you doubt now ? " Doubt I My heart for a moment seemed to stop beating. Then I stood beside him. I touched the hand he held. It was no ghostly hand. I felt warm breath upon my cheek. I touched hair that grew on a living head. I cla'pad her about the waist. " Yes, that is Evelyn Atwood," I said. Suddenly the lights were all put out. In the darkness I felt a man grapple with me. Happily I am powerfully built. I made my way to the door. My cloak was on the hall rack—a military sort of overcoat, with a cape. I wrapped it about the girl, who clung to me, and made my way into the street. Our cab was at the door. I put the young creature into it. "Let no one come near the carriage,*' I said. "Thrust me, yer honour," replied the coachman. I went back to the house. I had taken the precaution to come armed. The room was light, the medium protesting that a "sceptic "had "grabbed'' a spirit, and nearly every woman was in hysterics. My friend was sitting upon a sofa white as death. "Come," I said to him, "remember than truth is stranger than fiction. Your daughter lives. " We went together to the carriage. The girl only hèld her arms out to her fathtr. He took her in his own. "Oh, I was so wretched,'* she said, "so miserable, so degraded. I left my things on the bank of the river. I did not drown myself, and I dared not go home to the father I had disgraced. I tried to get -work. This medium —this woman with her cabinet—oh, she is very very bad—engaged me to sew. Then she wanted me to play the part of spirit—I, who was dead to those I loved. It seemed very fitting : I almost fancied myself a ghost. I made money for her. She was liberal enough to me, and if I refused, starvation lay before me ; and then one night my father came. Oh, my father ! and he embraced me. I never told the woman he was really my father. But, oh, to see him ! to touch him ! And it made him so happy. You know the rest. Oh, how can you forgive me ! " Again she clung to him. He folded her to his heart. "Love forgives everything, my child," he said. They live in the old house together yet. She will never be joyous again, but she is Tery mild and sweet ; and the list time I saw Balpli Atwoad, he was reading his old mystic lore again. "In spite of a II, I know," he said, "I feel quite sure, that the spirits of lost dear ones do return to ns sometimes." "At least," I answered, "wo shall go to them." 