RUNNING NOTES. [By ' Eagle Eye.'] Footracing in Maryborough fs un doubtedly eclipsing all other sporting pursuitsin its hold upon public patronage and support, aud no sooner are we through witb a big programme got up by one society, than another organisation steps in and lays outanother even more at tractive than its predecessor, aud when tbe limit to the regular increase iu the amount of the prizes from time to time will be reached It Is dimcult to predict. There appears to bs no escape for tbe promoters of tbe various sports, for if they reverted lo the comparatively small prizes tbat were formerly acceptable, the interest taken in them by ' peds ' would fade away proportionately, and failure result. One needs only to look through past programmes to see tbat tbe process at work is the fattening up of Ihe big Sheffield Handicap ot the expense of all the other events, and looking to tbe future as things are going, we may expect to have a urand Handicap run off, in say 20 beats, to tbe exclusion 01 every thing else. However, let that pass for tlie pre sent. Tbe current topic in tbat circle of society tbat can talk of nothing else but pedestrianism, is tbe Sheffield Handicap (130 yards), to be run for under tbe aus pices of tbe Maryborough Atbletic Asso ciation in the Show Grounds on Easier Monday. The entries for tbis central event are 50 in uumber, tbe handicaps are allotted, and as the acceptances will leave but a few of the present number out, tbe time is opportune to run the rule over some of the competitors aud take their measure. James MoGarrigal, the Laidley pad, and present white champion of tbe colonies, iB the first tbat greets the eye. He is one of those favored individuals whose privilege it is to demand, and get, their own terms when dealing with' small fry, and bis visit to Maryborough, which there is reason to believe will actually come oft this time, must, of course, be takenasanactof condescension on hispart and it must be admitted that his presence will bring additional grist to tbe pro moters' mill, and endow tbe sports with an air ot more than local importance, hitherto absent. Bundabergians bad hoped to obtained the patronage of this big man, but are doomed to disappoint ment, and Maryborough smiles. McGar rigal, on 3 yards, is giving tbe limit men 17 yards, which, in 130 yards, is asking bim to be very glnerous indeed. Dad dow, on the limit (20 yards), has a good show, and will about beat tbe champion. Butcher (20 yards) is doubtful, as be has not shown what be can do yet, but ap pears to be toe pet of Granville side. Bennett, tbe Torquay ped, after bis question in the Referee , should be three yards faster than biB last run, but nevertheless has no show. Cruicksbatiks (a) takes half a yard less from McGsrrigal than lust time, and is certainly over-rated, but will give his burly backer a good run for his money. Rolands. Howard. Morliu. Buckland. all on 7 yards, are a speedy set, but the Laidley flyer holds them safe. Hubert [a), 8 yards, is a reai darkey sprinter from tbe South, aud should about win when its all over ; and Eusor, witb 12 yards, formerly known as Campbell of Gympie, abould find a place in the final. There are those who say be did not extend himself tbe last time in Maryborough, as a certain cunning ' push ' were ready to enter a protest if be won. There is no doubt tbat Spranklin (12 yards) and Con ingbano, from Brisbane, are both right out of it. /as. Cunningham aod Joe Kenua, each toeing 13 yards, should make an exciting race if Ibey get to gether in tbe Bame beat, witb odds on Cunningham in Kenna's present condi tion. Dufterin, 13 yards, is still in the dark, and Fitzgibbons, on the same mark, bas the U.A.B.C. Society's dis qualification banging over him. i. H. Hurley (11 yards), with one of his usual flying starts, might bave a show of catch ing Hourigan of Gympie, on 16} yards, vide a recentSuuday affair. Dowling, at 14 yards, might put Cunningham down, but tbe 15J yard men, ATalone, Metcalf, J. W. Hurley and Collins, have not a ghost of a show, except Muaro who is a dark horse. Buflie (a) bails from Gran ville. Flynn. 16J yards, will carry the navvies' money and lose it for them. McCreadie, same mark, is a straight runner with no show ; Digman, a young flyer from Brisbane; J. Hourigan, 3J yards from the limit, is one of Gympie's best men, and will be backed strongly by the ' syndicate ' whose connection witb the late Fielding- Brady episode has .be come a matter of history. He will about be in the final. Groth, 17J yards, wfnner of a Gympie handicap, will have a show if looked after, but be 1b said to be frightened ef J. Hourigan, a yard behind bim, who recently offered to give bim 4 yards over tbe same distance for £50. But tbat sounds like bluffing on Houri gan 's part. McGowan, 19 yards, is well treated for a Dew runner. Jno. Cun ningham, 19 yards, the limit man in tbe Hibernian Grand, is brought back a yard for running last in bis beat on tbat occa sion, which is not fair to a beginner. Tbe remainder do not claim sufficient attention to.be touched upon. Tbere is certainly tbe material here for a very interesting series of beats and an exciting final. ? 