HOLY WATER AND HOLY WAR. 'In our recent description of the bless ing of the corner stone of a Church, as Bet forth in the Roman Pontifical , and afited by Cardinal Moran, we shewed the great prominence then given to the mak- ing of holy salt, and holy water, and holy mortar, and finally the intensified holiness ' supposed to occur upon the mixture of the salt and the water, which afterwards is called holy water, and used for the expelling of demonp, and the pro tection of all sprinkled therewith from all dangers spiritual and temporal. It iB turned to very strange purposes; among others to the aid of carnage and war. In the same Roman Pontifical we find the Latin prayer directed to be offered on the occasion of "theblesBing of a' martial standard." The translation runs as follows : — " Almighty and Eternal God, Who art the blessing of all men, and the strength of those who triumph, look with favour upon our humble prayers ; and sanctify with the Heavenly benediction this standard which is pre pared for U86 in war, that it may be strong against adversaries and rebellious nations, and hedged round with Thy defence, and may be a terror to the enemies of the Christian people, a strengthener to those who trust in Thee, and a sure pledge of victory. For Thou art the God who bringest wars to nought, and affordest the aid of- the Heavenly defence to those who hope in Thee. Through Christ our Lord," &c.;, &c.; Ab all sects outside the Romish Church are regarded by that Church as heretics, andenemieB of "the Christian People," it follows that all Protestants are included in - the number of those for whom it is implored that this standard Bhall be a terror. Following this prayer, we find in the Pontifical instructions for sprinkling the standard with holy water, and for handing it' to the standard- bearer, who is to receive it kneeling. The benefits attending this sprinkling are truly multifarious. Holy water in general is a manufacture of salt and water, but there is also a holier water, consecrated on "Holy Saturday," to be used in sprinklings, and in which other ingredients are infused, consisting chiefly of oils. Curious ceremonies are observed in the manufacture — the salt is first exorcised, and then blessed — the water in its turn is exorcised and blessed, the priest breathes upon it, the Paschnl candle is submerged in the mixture, and prayers are offered up that it may be impregnated with regenerating efficacy. The marvellous effects of these potent spells are fully set forth in a much esteemed work by Mgr. Gaume, entitled "L'Eatt Benite atj xdc Siecle," pub lished hg Gaume Preres et JDupuy, Paris, 4th Edition, 1876. Mgr. Gaume, at whose death, the R. Catholic papers were filled with lengthened obituaries on his virtues, was, when living, a Protono- tary Apostolic. This special brochure of Mb is fortified with " the approval of the Bishop of Versailles, a letter from Car dinal Altieri, Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church, and a letter of Commen dation, and a Brief, from the late Pope Pius IX. In this valuable work Mgr. Gaume en umerates the virtues of holy water, as follows: — (1.) It remits venial sins. (2.) The temporal penalties due to Bin. (3.) It procures health. (4.) It causes the devil to fly, and baffles all his wiles. (5.) It drives away epidemics, and plagues of every description. Mgr. Gaume proceeds to furnish in stances of the bestowal of these special blessings through the use of holy water. He cites cases in which the sprinkling of this fluid had been found effective in dis persing storms, guarding against the effects of lightning, dispelling plagues, ex pelling ghosts from haunted houses, and as remedy for all disenses. This is not all. — The benefits which may be regarded as possessing a supreme attraction for those engaged in warfare are also well exemplified. Cases, asserted to be authentic, are adduced, in which the application of this wonderful specific effected the instantaneous cure of fractured legs, and restored dead bodies to life. Even the worst of criminals may have hope; an instance is recorded of miraculous restoration to life, in a case in which death is stated to have so thorough ly supervened, that " the devils had bound and were dragging away the deceased to the infernal regions." Mgr. Gaume, with arguments still more forcible, proceeds to urge the use of this inestimable engine of war. He commendB to all Rulers, and Chiefs of the State, the example of the Emperor Leo VI., who " commanded that general use should be made of holy water, and especially on grand occasions when it was necessary to decide upon the fate of the Empire," aDd who further, in the laws promulgated for the guidance of his armies, directed that., " on the eve of battle the Commander-in-Chief should take care that the priests Bhould Bprinkle the whole army with holy water." Now, in connection with this wonder ful effect of martial banners sprinkled with holy water, especially against here tics, it is interesting to remember that on the occasion of the presentation of new colours to the Royal Irish Regiment, at Devenport, the Rev, J. O'Flaherty, Roman Catholic Chaplain to the Forces, " with the expressed consent of the War Office, performed the ceremony" of bless ing the colours. From the . reported details of the ceremonial, it appears that this Roman Catholic priest, robed in full canonicals, delivered an address to the troopB, that he " sprinkled the new Colours with holy water, blessed them in the lan guage of the Roman Church," and invoked " the intercession of St. Michael and St. . George" for the Divine blessing upon these banners. Every possible effort seems to have been made to add to the eclat of the ceremony. Thousands of spectators witnessed the scene, all the highest government officials from Ply mouth and Devenport graced the service with their presence, it being " the first time since the Reformation that a priest of the Roman Catholic Church had ever officiated on such an occasion." 