TALE. The Wolf in the Herd. A LAPLAND STORY. BY HJOBTH Boybskk, L Baimke, to old grandmoth&r;, xrrinklad and \- Bnnky brown, was Bitting aroes- leggod in a earner of the tent telling stories about Btalla, thb terrible steel-olad man, the anoient enemy V. T _ — W .VilJ 1 vi uid fuur uuuunn wore lying ur squatting on the reindeer >Mn about her, lis tening with delicious shudders. The old woman's voioe was deep and harsh, ex/wjA when at a particularly exciting passage it broke into falsetto. Elis, her soel, and Zilla her oldest granddaughter, wore Bested close to tho fire, bending over their handiwork. Ho was whittling a spoon out of a reindeer horn ; she was stitching a kind of mocassins called Komagcv, Every now and the® she si lently possod the mocassin to her father, who looked at it critically and made her some brief observation. 4 Gut tho leather a little narrower still, ' he would say, 1 and make cross rtiches, or the Komag will not bond up at the too.' Eli G&rmo; was the richest Lapp in all the mountains. He had a herd of '2,000 heads, and silver and. provisions enough to feed his whole people in times of famine. Take all well-to-do Lapps, he hated the Norwegians and not only as a raoe oollectively, but every! individual Norseman who oaine in his way- Thorn was a time, however, when Elis had ohorished different feelings toward the blonds-haired raoe. It had been his ambition to rise out of tho bondage of oontempt which oppressed his tribe ; to hold his head high and tako his plaoe boldly among the best. Ho bad loved a girl among tboblonde people and beon loved by her. But her brothers said that he had gained her affection by aoroery, and swore to shoot him if ho ventured to speak to her. Then Elis stopped speaking to her. Bat vine night in the early autumn, whilo the snow was fiush upon the mountains, he found Ragnhild straying in the white wilderness and ho took her to his tent and made her hie wifo. She had fled from home to find him ; the sorcery had drawn her toward liim. Twice her brothers had attempted to kill Elis, until the oattle began to die upon their farms, and manifold dimeter overtook them. This they ascribed to tho witchcraft of tho Lapp, and out of fo&r; forsook their ven- goanoo. Bat in giringbirth to Zilla the blonde wife died and was buried aooording to Lappish rite upon the mountains. Fll« grievea bit terly at her death, in which he recognised vaguely the veogoanoe of the broths and of their God, whose help they had invoked. From that time forth ho hated the white people with a still bitterer hatred and held no intoroooroe with them, except onoe a year when he wont to the ooast for a change of pastures. If, as oftened happened, he saw his ohanoe to cheat or outwit them, ho re joiced. 4 Stronger than the strong man's strength is the weak man's cunning, said the old grand-mother when he told her of his auooessful cheating; 1 When the groat Lapp King returns our people "ball oonquer its con querors.' Some yoaro after his blonde wife's death Elis married a woman of his own tribe and rose to be a groat man among his people. It Was wittlth and liiinnnnligwiiinli «y>fnm«¥iAiw3 reepoot, and above all his hatred of the oppres sors. His mother's repute for knowledge of oooolt arts also tended to imxrease his authority. The Lapps ore a superstitious people, and find evidenoe of witchcraft in 11 nnfamilfwr occurrences. As father and daughter were seated before tho fire, which abased a ftiokpring glow across thoir ooontcnonoes, the mark of raoe in the features of both was strong enoagh to more than hint at the above histojr. _ Zilla bad 210 suspicion, that the blood of the hated con querors ran in har veins. She had never re flected upon the f&ot; that her highbridgod nose and nor pretty mouth and "bin seamed an implied criticism upon the flat noma, the broad, thin-liped mouths nrl the 00m creased chins of the rest of the family. If her hair had been yellow ahe might, perhaps, have suspected some mystery, out happily it had chosen & non-oommiHal which made no ethnological revelations. Only her.dark, deep-set eyas were an unquestioned heritage from the raoe in which the wild reprimand passions slumber like aaged beasts of prey. The Little frown upon her brow as she poured over the minute stitches was merely one of preoccupation, but hinted yet at an intensity of nature which, whether it broke forth in hate or in love, would burn fiercely. But pretty ahe was, in spite of all sinister hints; nay, in spite of the thin trousers which covered her shapely limbs, but oflenl«»l by 1 short wadmal shirt, and the grotesquely pointed, forward bending hoodwhtohdlpiieed the outline of her dainty head. Atwmd her aaok the wore a chain - of axlrer amjl aa subnidned bdt oooflspd hsr akin jsatibgnt her waiet Her snoofexrini showed some rode ttotfpta at iteration. -i ' . 75T '/ The gmxdmotWs stony grew sure and snore exalting as it prngnsrawb and hv pipe Want out uverrfita minute. Every now and Hun ahe oavW forward, and out a ltmgnmmmyann ardzada glowing ooal with her ftagB and dropped it Into theoowi of her pipe. The pungent odour of ping tobacco pervaded the trot, while she Backed away audibly and sent slating gbnosa toward the unnonscteua Ziila who was patiently I titnhimr. For the grandmother had had a grudge against Zflla from the momant she was bom, and It was nothing but the faar of her mrm which made bar refrain from doing her hana. Zilla was, in her estimation, anliiteetoper ; ahe had palo blood in her veins ; ahe was oot aright Lapp. The fact, too, that the was her father's favourite and the apple of his eye did wot taud to abate Setirks's ffl-wflL Thus in dh trot of this rotiag nomad, which was gttnhsd hare to-day, and to-mcemv twroty noilas away, ah the ewaplnx domestic ra- Ifttioos of qyHiaition had IfimA a dwellizur- ?Uae. Nor ware the rivalries of socdaty unknown 1atheatamuddaawtaoMQgeknkdsaodgUtiera. ZQla's wnsltfi jd beauty wen fsmad ow «& the wide mrwBifcain ptMtts, amd throe was uwuuly a flst-hosed yrerih hi all Lroeearfc who had ant etUmiMnMll to ihwbty awd ekes raiming ta to bop of wtorfagher hmri. JBtf however, wae amnwtly act 'texkhatu past with W, fur aspntapvioe 'Wfon her which was prmntinaUy inhi Wtrey. tttlspp, aaia witt Wens WwcAaivflisaft rapaghtomqpaettobs mid far the |alwikjj tfamuyingalovsly jW. «M to gfci is toman Ire mpm Id tmmg QlWswtori then ew qm, how- ever, would in time be riqh enough to win her — viz., Rasmus, theaontffMkthlSj who chinped about the great lake Gjenlin, in the htart of tho highlands. Zilla had hidf agreed to marry Rasmus whrohef father shouldweVthe word. She was in no wise anxibhs about U, but was willing to soqtdeeoe in the authority of her father and the custom of her people. in: Tho spirits of the storm were abroad. They were blowing with sad and terrible votare down the smokebole and sending the ashes whirling through the trot. In the intervals of stillness the snowfiskee name alcwly des cending. molted and fell with a little hies among tne hot cinders. Suddenly a wall was heard— a cry of wld despair — which was not the storm's. The doge who had been doring about the fire started up, growling and with bristling neoks, One broke into a howl and instantly tho whole pack ruahed toward the door. Elis darted into the corner, where his rifle stood, and Zilla tore open tho flaps of the tent and reloaded the barking and whin ing dors. Then eho ecixed her ekaea and followed her father out into the storm. ' Gump U> boituin ('the wolf is in tho herd1) crooked tho grardmofher and stopped her story, while tho children tumbled helter- skelter toward tho door, There tbev stood, pushing and punching each other and staring' over tho ridge of enow, which nearly cut off their viow, into -the blaok and stormy night. Elis, with his finger on -the trigger, stood peering through the datk; Zilla, a few steps in advanoe of him, was listening intently. Tne dogs, to her surprise, had not started for the herd, but. in a directly opposite direction. Perhaps they had scented the wolf in time and were trying to head him off. father,' she shouted. ' I'll watch half the night with Tetorand Abrarc.' In the same instant a gust of wind oame and ewept her, on her light skees, several hundred feet away over the surface of the anew. A shot rang ant — snd a second. It was her father who was trying to frighten the wolvos. be mast hero hit ! Bat hark! That was not the voice of a wolf. It was more like a human cry for help — a piteons pleading for mercy. Her blood ran oold. ahe know tho legends of guileful mountain sprites, who allure yxrang maidens to des truction. She stepped off her akeea for fear of being blown Into the very jswa of death ; and Biasing down in the snow to hor -waist, began to oall with all the might of her lungs to her father. Then, again, through the wild uproar of the sky she heard the same piteous groan, and it sounded this time quite near. ' "Who is there P' she cried tremblingly. 'Help, me, I am shot,' answered a voioe in the aark through the furious barking of the do is. The thought flashed through nor head that one of her father's random shots must have hit some harmless traveller. There was something earthly and reassuring in the voioe which pot lies- fears to flight and ap pealed to her instinct of mercy. ' Here, Muste ; shame on you,' she called to her doge. 'Tanhalmo, you fool, be still. Kanne and Girjes, como here and stop your yelping.' IV. By tho sound of their voioca aho groped her way throoph the densely falling snow, drag ging her skees after her. '/ilia, where art thouf came a shout faintly from tho directions of the tents, but with a groat, angry swoop tho wind whirled it skyward, and it seomeo as if it bad never been. Father,' she oalledbaok, 1 ootne and helnjme.' She had scarcely spoknn when she stumbled over something outstretched in the snow, and felt, in her endeavour to riso, the touch of human hands and limb. The doge were all the while waltzing about hor, barking at the top ox ueir voioes. 'Hush, yo sillibubi ; boob, or I cannot hear!1 she commanded impatiently ; then stooping down to the wounded man she said: If you will rise up I will lead yon to the teat.' ' I cannot rise— I am bleeding to death/ replied the maa in a broken, shivering voice, and he sank into a swoon, from which ahe 00 old not rouse him. 8 he sat for a moment peering through the dark, in order to determine from what direc tion she had oome. But as the wind had swept her thither it was plain that she must return against the wind. She rose and rosb- lutelypother hands under the man's arms, trying to Uft him. Just then a dim waving light appeared at some distance before her and she knew that her father was coming. She sank down again in the snow and strug gled to m&ko; her voioe heard abovo the wind. 4 Evil spirits have possessed thee, Zilla,' cried Elis sternly, as he lifted his flaring Sitnh torch over, her head, showing her face t swift illumination, but as the same rays foil upon the hoad of the prostrate mn in her lap, he started book with a wild fear in his features. 'What hast thou done/ he gasped. ' What hast thou done P ' Thou didst It, not I, father/ sho answered ' Hia blood is on thy hands.' The storm tossed his voioe about 00 that it was hard to hear what he rcpliod, but theee were tho words that seemed to reach Zilla's eare : 'The redder my hands are with suoh blood the whiter shall they be in the sight of the spirit.1 His voioe, whirled through epaoe, had neither wrath nor fear in it nor any human emotion. It was as if the air had spoken, or the storm. Ho seized Zilk roughly by the arm and tried to drag her away, but she straggled desperately with him, and the dogs mingling in the fray, barked and whined and leaped in the air, tnrusting their oold nones into her laoe. The spares from the torch which he held in his hand flew about thnir heada, and the flame, fluttering its rod tongue against the dark, flanped about and threatened to fly away from this wood at every fresh gnat of wind. Suddenly, aa hia blood waa beginning to boil, the thought flashed through EliV cui Wat aa evil spirit was tahng jmanwrnirm of him. . He violently oolleoted atiaaelf, re leased, his daughters arm, and, tresnhliiig frtaa hsa'dto root, Tbttroed away in the diteetienof the teots,. No sooner waahfe gone than Znia hrif lifted the wounded man by the shoulders sad be gan to dreg him through tharoow. Whenahs reached the door df thvtast she was ready to drop from exhaustion. But tha yet man aged to undo the flspa and pull bv burden innas. But as the light of the fire fell upon the white mac's faro there came a hoarse, angry croak from the grandmother's dorscr: the old woman, rose with difficulty and hobbled forward, uttering threats ana maledictions. Bat l≪ Stanrad frrrwm«L Dale and ire- ciulona, took nsrby the Arm and led her hade to ber corner. V. Keeping watch over aouething, ahialdhig it from threatening harm, implies that it must be prnt T3e stranger, while be hovered' beta mm Ufa and death, raised a barrier between Zilk and her father. She dared soarroly sleep for fear she might wake up and find him dead, The blood of the half as rage raoe did not ran fa her rain unmingied. Tne . instinot of oompeation was atrongsr in her than ream ha tin it of natural wrongs. How noald thU youth with the anile luriaBg «ho«t hie mQd blue eyas and the frank ana gmbd tossed the beautiful yellow hair bslp'that his lather had wronged ;ber father Ha wenld hiaaelfhaiw wronged do one; that sbe oouldnadin the ratle gntafnl glee# that nrotod-npoei her in the intervals of ceaesiona- n«M between his fits of dsttriom. Itwnehar father wbo had brought Utit calamity pou hitt/aoditaemed but tight that shuhoald rotieei aai to tsttera his mffating Proud acedw TmdflnltgndiMgnlfhmtHa herniation to hor own poopls, toward htm ahe felt hum ble. Even while he Jay thereiraak and deprada&t; sho could not help thinking how mfter- able this Bmokqr, fire- lighted tent <rf skin wrest appear to him/and how rude and wretched hor way of living. He did not roam Uke a wild boast over the mountain wildtf&eMee;, but lived in a luge and sonny honae, whence the grnolffP11 th'rongh a tall twaaoned chimney. Bhe had never inher life been in snob a house and it reamed a wjld drehto to think that eV c everahonld. All the torments which Elis had suffered in the days when he had been ashamed of his raoe his daughter suffered now at the bedrid of the woftnued Norseman. All her pride of raoe irsa ohanged into humility and self- contempt. -and shy hopes began to be enkindled to danoe f antasuoally uke "Will o' the wisps in her mind, roused by the flickering like a world of slumbering fancies. A week passed before the fever lefthim, and then ho was bo weak that he could hardly speak above a whisper . In his delirium he haa spoken s language which Zilla did cot under stand. Now he surprised her by addressing her in her own language. » I thought I vu dead,' were the first in telligible words he uttered, ' and I oould not tell from the looks of this plaoe wore I had goue to,' He smiled faintly a&d; fell into a long doze, during which Zilla (she knew not why) sat and wept. An anxious feeling had taken possession of her — & foreboding of calamity. When he awoke again she gave Mm some reindeer mllx to drink, and he declared -that ha fritatrouger, -arid grew-talkative. He told her how the BDOwetonn had snrprieed him while he was hunting ; how ne lost his way, and would have lost his life, too, if ehe had laid him low. His name was Ivor Evenson and he was the eon of a peasant down in the valley. He had seen much of the Lapps on his hunting trips and had some friends among them. Whether it was from vexation or grief at hia estrangement from his daughter, Elis was ill at ease and complained of pains in his bead and back. Ono day, about a month after Ivar Eroneon's arrival, he took to his bed, with the oonviction that he was never again to leave it. The white man — the 8 t&U; 0 — had stolen his strength, he aaidas his ancestors had done to the Lapp's ancestors in ancient times. Just in the a&me; degree as the Stallo gained health, he lost; ana on the day when the' guestwos able to sit up, the boat had to take to his bed. His old mother sat cross-legged at his side and stared at him day by day, and sangmagio songs, which, as it seemed to Ivor, would have made him ill even if he had been ever so robust. They were a mere rhythmic wall, with sudden rres- emdec and long, crooning plaints, which made tho world seem doubly sorrowful. VI. One day the watchers brought word that the herd was beginning to straggle, as there was a scarcity ot most. Elis gave the com mand to break up the cssnp and to move a day's journey in upon the highlands. A raid was then formed, which is a profession of tea to twenty reindeer, with pulkha at - boohed, arranged in single file, each tied with a halter to the rear end of tho fntlkha of the preceding one. Elis had himself carried out and placed recumbent in the last pulkha, which was longer than the rest, while hia mother hobbled after him with strange ges tures, ringing wild incantations. It is regarded as an honour among the Lappa to ait in the first pufkha and drive the raiVs, and this honour had always belonged to Zilla. To- day she Boomed inclined, as usual, to assert her privilege, but when ail the ohildren and household goods wore packed in the pullhtu she handed the reins to ono of the watchers, whispered something in his ear, and in an instant, before any one had umeto remonsrrate, uie raise new away over the shining crust of the snow with a dizzying speed. Then she detach ad a great redsd ear bull from another and smaller mid which was ready to start, patted him on the seok, rubbed her own nose againit his, spoke to him as she would to a ohild and called him pet names. For this was her own reindeer, which had been given to her at its birth. Suddenly she made a sign to the Norseman, who was standing upon a pair of skoos, lean- ing upon the skeo staff. Ho sprang toward her, seated himself in the pttllha, drew ber down upon his lap, and away they went Uke the wind. It was a glorious day. A vast expanse of Bun- smitten mow sparkled and glistened aa far as the oye oould roooh ; kean white ridges undulated in soft lines with n pale lustre against the a tin, bluish shades in the hol lows. Tb® mountains roM,poak behind poak, agaiuat we horizon, shooting long beams in the sun and flashing the light upon their icy shields with dazzling radiance. And to be scudding away upon the wings of the wind over this star-spangled surface, with the oold air singing in your aara, and with a loving little maiden in your arms — that was life, that was happiness. 1 The barrier of race, of which Ivax had, in spite of hia gratitude, boon painfully oon- ; scions, crumbled away, leaving but a man's heart and a woman's heart boating against each other. He Bpoko loving words in ZQla's oars, and Zilla, half- child as she was, felt a joyous tumult in her breast which triad it almost impossible for her to sit still. If sho had not known that a leap from the pulkha would have meant death, ahe would have jumped out and shouted some merry ditty against the sky. She thought it quite saper- finoui to give any answer to his wooing, and hia conqueror's ways, which took everything for granted, did not offend hor. It was thus people wooed when the world was young, as young Lochia var wooed fair Ellen of Nctherby Clan, and homage to the conqueror whether he 00m oe on horee-back, or afoot, or upon a golden calf, lies yot deep in a woman's heart. The reindeer bull interpreted ZQla's en couraging shouts and her flinging the reins about his lock as a sign of dissatisfaction with his performanoo. Her 'Heigh' up !' ' Heigh no !' and ' Pull away !' were like ro many lashes of the whip upon hia he pulled away until the snow-balls from hia hoofs whizzed about their eara and the star- strewn xnquntain plain saemedAnanonnofis- paridlognVer, ruaning with e furious speed Against them, while they with their reindeer seamed the only stationary objects in a white onimwa that was breathlessly sweeping to perdition. Life is beautiful 1 Life is glorious I Far down below lira the world with its sordid earn ; but here, upon the white infinite plains, love Is warm as tne sun and pure as tne air. Heigh up i Heigh ho 1 Poll away ! Kim me, aMla/kisi vne ! Eternity is iongto sleep in. To-day wc Live — lire intensely— 4ive rap turously — lire a whole life in a moment of m»» ' VII. It was the day after the pitching of the tents at the new camping place that Irar stepped np before Ella, as ne lay wrapped In at me fire, > his daughter in marriage. 'My name is Irar/ he eahL proudly, ' and I am the oldest son of Even of Trangernd/ 4 Even of Tkaagtrad ! ' shrieked Etta, Btart teg up, with wCd, bloodshot eyes. ' Tea, Even of Ikangenid/ eaid the youth, calmly. The Lapp gasped dare or twice, but oould not faring xerth a sound. Una be fell book te a ewoun brfatu the fire. It was intensely etiB in the tent. Tbedogs flowed ; the grandmother wunry from the jteiwj, dopt in her maim » only the fire '<mlded now and then, ftnd abot a ipidc out upon the earthen floor . Ttoeugh the aqnaw hole In the tojy through arttion tne wnofce untied upward, u pteeo of tins sky preyed -flown, mr ateod with fifeded nraa, looking flown upon His. mpteate IFP> whoee leg nitivtiens toadwfogtotdrte iffS&woi; flftrkuL I Ikti cm do no 'aonl. ># fathw1 titer wkij: had been bewitched by a Lapp, and had fol lowed him through the wilderness until sbe became no better Than a tramp. He remembered, also, as a dim tradition, stories of hia father's warfare with wizard whom ho h&d; shot at and would have killed if it were trot for the fact that hia aoroery made shot nd bullet fall off him like water from & duck. Oould it bepoaslble that this was tb e same Elis, the Wizard P A shudder ran through Ivar's frame. He was, like most of his raoe, superstitious, and had no desire to venture a conflict with the powers of dark ness. The dreadful old grandmother espe cially inspired him with awe and mode bim an sous to get away as soon as possible from this nest of iniquity. But Zilla F What was to beoome of ZlQa P Her fair, blends toe appeared it that very moment between to krewa kln flaps of tho .tent, and ft had mini wwieieil » him lovelier. Tho excited curiosity whieh gave brilliancy to her eyes aid flashed hsr cheeks, clothed her, ae It were, tea garbsf universal maiden hood. A strung sense ef kinship for her welled up in the young man's breast. The Germanic beauty of her toe burst upon him like a tvvalatitm. He had longed a moment sinoe to get away. Now he swore to be her champion and her lover, and never to rest until he bad rescued her from the degradation of her lot— from the duaky, soul- imperilling heathenism of her surroundings. The low growl of the flog Thhalmo, who showing hia ugiyset of teeth, was approach - ing tbeNoTBcman,' warned Klllathat something was wrong. 8he etertafl ietrward, a nudden fear dilating her «yra.vknt stopped, terror- fltriotan, -at the-alght af her fathers motion- Ires form. The question in her eyes was answered, however, before it wae fairly made. XVltk ft la4i nf mlljif aIihmaJ il . J rtn into silence and with business-like dispatch ietohed a dipper with water, with which she began to sptinkle Elis' waxen features. Fitful little spurts -of flame roee from the smouldering fire and tisged with the scm- blanoe of a flash the yellow pallor of bin face. As he began to show signs of returning con- soiouneas she motioned Irar away. He took hisgtm. and sauntered out. It occurred to him now, for the first time, that he might nred its protection. vm A few days after this oecurrenoe tnessen- cera were Bent forth an skees ti< invite be friended i amiliee from all over the mountains to a kind of religious ceremony. Irar, wl o was not strong enough bo find hia way unaided back to the valley, was y»t lingering about the camping-ground, though, at ZQla's ad vise, he had removed his quarters to the second tent, wberethewalehers slept. These wore not servants, but dspsndenU and rela tives who owned no herds of their own . He was well aware that his prraenoe at the re ligious festival would be felt as an intrusion, and might imperil hia life. He oould easily enough bribe one -of the watchers to take him in a ptlkhs down to the inhabited districts, and he would perhaps have done so if Zilla had not appeared to divine this thought whenever it invaded hia zaind, snd with nor troubled eyes implered him not to leave her. Then the chivalrous feeling was again en kindled in hia breast, and Le felt oourage to grapple with all the powers of darkness rather than leave the dear child who trusted in him in the lurch. The day appointed for the meeting arrived. About twenty people suae on their skees, foremost among whom was the great moaid, medicine man, Mathis Vuolab, and hia son Rasmus, Zilla's woer. After having par taken of food and drink they all seated them selves in a ring, the men inside and the women outside, and began a long wailing and indescribably muvr&fnl; incantation. The ceremony was ia the nature of an augury—1 -a question sddreesud to tbs gods re garding the life or death of ELis. HatMs t uuiao, toe soumaayv, a email, stout man, with blaok, bead-tike eyes, and a face full of low Mongolian eunsteg, aeUed with hia left hand tho nandle of the magic drum, upon the top of whieh were painted a number of rude figures. Then he fell down upon one knae, and all the rest followed his example. With his right hand he plsoeda horn ring upon the image of the sun, in theoentre of the drum head, and with amnail hammer of horn began gently to boat tho drum, Tho ring then be gan to jump about, going from one figure to another, while the aasrarbly, still walling, intensely Watched the proceeding. At last the ring remained stationary, near the rim, persistently jumping up and down upon the same epot. The sotxg grew louder and more beseeching, but the rteg would not etir. The figure over which it lingered was Jabmo aibmo — the realm of the dead. It meant that the dead ware damonring ix Elia, tot Elis was death -doomed. DC The next ceremony wss an attempt to pro pitiate the dead, so as to induce them to grant Elis a longer life. The old grandmother offered to eacrifioe a reindeer bull. The ring was again plaoed upon the image of the sun, but as soon as to inoantation oommpnoed, moved again to the realm of the dead. Then two ririmWr bulls were offered with the same result, and at last a horae. Bat the ghosts remained inexorable ; Elis mualdie. It was then asked why Elis must bo out off in the bloom of his strength, while «o zn&cy; that were decrepit and useless were allowed to lingo-. This time the ring began to dance upon the image of the wolf and thence moved to the sign, of the reindeer herds. That meant that there was er was to bo a wdi in Elis' herd. That seemed very mysterious. The dead were incensed because there wu a wolf in Elis' herd. The soothsayer pretended to bo in great doubt aj to the meaning of thia oracle. He beat hia breast, rolled his eyes and. finally went into a tranre. A great and eolei an awe pervaded the amBmbly. The inoantatious lasted, brooming wilder and more frenriod, until all, with despairing ehrieka, some foam- teg at the mouth, tore their ntathee and flung their hands against to sky, beneeohing the dead not to visit their wrath anon thorn. Then the eoothsaynr awoke from nis trance. Ktia was oaxribd . within the ring and plaoed in a sitting posture opposite to him. The oereoooy tea tuned him iqrto a high pitch of excitement. In his deep eyra smouldered a fMlfttiftlftlW 4 My soul visited the raelm of thedaad,1 began 'Mathis Vnobb in a -sort of intoned re- oilative. I av the mighty of our father in to deep dwUrngs of tin dead.' It wis a loor sad terrible tale 2a sang, bat his aodiaaoe followed it with agitated interest. Some fell into a awooa, moaned, and writhed. Other beat their teeaeU, intearnpting the eootoeyor with 11 1 lieens t ii win of toror and pruyen for oenrseflnu. The import of the song was tot Slls wee oteriahlng a wdf at hia ovarth and a mere ferocious oce ton thoae whlnh destroyed to berds and drank their blood. The aneeetral ghosts were angry with Ella, and would have Ma life unlorahia In having cherished the enemy of hia race were wipeaout'teith the enemy's blood. In order sot to obtrude his Twiiim Ivor had taken hia gun, beflore to ceremony 00m- nranoed and bed burrowed a pair of«kera from one of the eratehess. At a distenre of about a ate from the temp he shot half a . doseo ptarmigan, and br ramus ot some twig of diracf ttreb which te dag op from I under the enow imnsgsdteroeetonec them on aa impru rmed epii. Hetedtteoams in full view, and nor and then a faint rarer oer- . ation of a shriek or a wail was waited toward . Mm from to reneatotn peak opposite. Scattered to fiooka of six or a done over to wide glittering plate, to reindeer were digging op the ter ifl their hum and teencting to Bounty -mom from the from ground. Round ee far ae the oye could ranch, their toeatod antic and stooping heels were tracing tteesniu wnopiny to white RiomiJ, vmls the smell, equatty watetec tertteg nkoto cm tote Sees, ietevwd W to "> «. tested < ton tol were tooted to teste J If was a pretty and exhilaratiiig-nigU and yot a pang nsstled at Ivor's heart ss bo watched it. It nyrobolized, somehow to him the wild nomadic strain in Zilla'e blood whioh drew her away from him— which m ado hor like some beautiful wildtbingwhichyoutDay cage for a while, perhaps, but n error tame and domesticate. There sho sat now and lis- tenod with devotion to tho ravage howls of her yellow kith and kin, howiing perhaps, and tearing her hair like the rest. Ilo owed her his lire, to be eure ; but howcould he ever wed one in whose soul there wss such a bit of primeval forest, housing mysterious beasts and poisonous things. X. The brief daylight had faded while ho was indulging in these meditations. The stars burst forth large, oold end lustrous, and a great pale red flamo flashed ocroiui tho sky from the north, flared up toward tho zenith and again tremblingly faded. It was long ainoe quiet about tho tents, except for the barking of the dogu and the shouts of the watchers who were driving the herds home. Ivor, seeing that the guests had departed, pat on hia skeos, tied tho birds together by the legs and flung them across his shoulder . Great dark-blue embankments of clouds were piling themselves up in the west and gusts of wind careered across the plain. The oold grew intanserand a misty twi light came rolling down from the north. As tho camp wsa blotted out from hia sight" Ivor marked carefully the sounds which yet showed him the direction be had to take. Ho bed with his skee -staff "propelled 'himself forward4 for about fifteen minutes, when it aeexned to him as if he heard a hushed voice calling his hubb. He stopped and listened. mist. , 4 1 am here/ he answored. Twice the call was repeated and twice answered. Then suddenly, like a pigeon pur sued by a hawk, the fonu of ZillA flung it self at his feet, panting and terror-stricken. He lifted her up with soothing words, and felt the agitated flutter of hor heart ugainst his breast. ' What havs they done to my little girl ?' he asked, stroking her ash-blonde hair, It never occurred to him that it might be him self who waa in danger. 'Do not — go back:' implored ZOla, pant ing and sobbing ; 'they will— kill thee, Rasmoa Vuolah baa— made a vow — to kill, thee. He ia— lying in wait — for thoo— now.' 1 Rasmus Vuolab/ repeated tho young man, wonderiniy. 'What have I over done to Baamns \ uolab?' 'Thou dost not — understand, Thou canst never understand. Bat hurry away ! Do not go book !' ' Dost thou suppose I am afraid of a yel low, elont-oyed scoundrel like that?' ' Nay, buah ! If thou dost not go he will pursue thee, ho and hia father. They have many nen who obey them. Their bullets are made with magic sou gs. They never miss. Lose not time. Farewell 1' She clung about his nock and kissed him, weeping. 'Farewell !' ho cried. 'And dost thon suppose I will leave thoe alone in this mur derous denf ' I belong tb my father. I canaot holp it.' 'Nav/ he shouted impcriou iy, ' thou bo- longest to me.' And he told hor in a few hurried words the story of her mother's life and their ties of kinalhp. She listened with upturned faoe and eyes thatsbono on him like dewy stars. Tho report of a shot, dull and uii resonant, broke through the fog. Then vague sounds of voioes and the ttiying of houndR careered hither and thither through tho darkness, now near, cow faraway; it seemed ut times as if they come from above, tossing aimlessly to and fro, or falling down from the clouds. He had dropped down upon one kneo and held her in a tight, protecting em brace, whilo the misty tumult raged about them and charmed bullets whir ed above their heads and bored through the frozen snow . Suddenly ho smelled powder ; tho voioes came nearer and nearer ; he Rprang up with hie finger on , the trigger. Tho zest of battle was m his blood. But in an instant her hand waa over the mnzzle of hisgnnand he dared not shoot, for his fata was now her fate and it seemed wanton to invite destruction. At last, as the night grew denser, tho noise ?eased. Hand in hand thoy wandered about in the chilly mist, seeing the dim stars over head, though themselves wrapped in gloom. The moon rose like a ragne, luminous point over the mountain peaks, and drifted hk a ehoetly presence across tho sky. Cautiously they groped their way westward, where lay the habitations of while mon. Then a wind oame 'and broke the fog into wreaths and islands that drifted along the mountain sides and at length these caught the faint, pale flash of a shivering -wintry dawn. It seemed & marvel that light should shine again upon the world. It seemed a marvel that anew day should break. But thoy thanked God for the darkness, foritwaa ho darkness that bod saved them. Some three weeks later there was a great ooncooru of people at the churoh down in the valley. It was a maiden who was to be bsp- tixed, confirmed and married — all in one day. That maiden was Zilla. 