rpHE BLOOD OF THE LAMB, X 'J HE CON Ql: EKING WEAJ-'OX. Bv C. H. Spukgeox. .And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony ; and they loved not- their lives unto the death.' — Revelation xn. 11. Wherever evil appears, it is to be fought with by the children of God in the name of Jesus, and m the of the Holv Ghost. When evil appeared m-an Jmgel, straightway there was war iaheaven. Evil m mortal men is to be striven against by all regenerate men Ham comes to us in the form of n n augel oi light, we mast st ill war with it. If it comes with all manner oi deceivablencas of urr.ghteousuess, we must not iiarievl'or a single moment, but begm the - battie forthwith, if indeed we belong to the armies of tue Lere. Evil is at its very worst, la fcalan hunseL; with Uiin i « fight. He is no mean adversary. i he evil spirits which are under his control are, any one of them, terrible foes; but when featan himself personally attacks a Christian, anyone of us will be WLSfthisffiagon bkeks our road, we shall .need he avenly aid to force our passage. A pitched battle with Apollvon may not often occur ; but wheu it dees, you will know it painfully ; you will record it in vour diary as ouo ol the darkest days you have ever lived : and vou will eternally praise your God, when you overcome him. But if even Satan were ten times stronger and morecratty than he is, we are bound to wresue with him ; wo cannot for a moment hesitate, or offer him terms. Evil in ite highest, strongest an proudest -form is to be assailed by tie toid.er ot toe cross, and nothing must end tue war but complete victory. Satan is the enemy, the enemy of enemies. Tiiat pravcr of our Lord's, which we usually render, Deliver us from evil,' has the special- significance of ' Deliver us from the evil one;' Lecause lie 18 the cluef embodiment of evil, and in him evil is intensified, and has come to its highest strength. That need Lave Omnipotence with hun wno hopes to Over come the eremvof God aud man. He would destroy nil godly ones if lie could ; and though he not, such is Lis inveterate hate, that he worries fcuose Whom lie cannot devour with a malicious eagerness. In tuis chapter the devd is called toe "f- diugoa.' He is great in capacity, eaergv, and experience. Whether or not he wasthe ehiciui all angels before be fell I do notknow. home nave thought tuat he was such, and that when he heard that a man was to sit- upon tile throne of God, u A of very jealousy he rebelled agamst the Most High. Tnis also is conjecture. But we do know that Lc was rmd is an cxeeedii giy great Spirit US Com pared with us. He is a being great in evil ; taepnnee oi darkness, having the power oi death. He. shows his malice aaainst the saints by accusing the brethren Uav and nigut before God. In the prophets we have the record of Satan standing to accuse Joshua the. s-rvunt of G< d. Satan also accused Job of serving God irom mercenary motives : auumi nuu muu u»ut an r<edge about hun, and all that he hath ?' This ever active enemy desires to tempt as well as accuse ; he would have us, and sift us as wheat. In ealLng him the dragon, the Holy Spirit seems to hint at liis mysterious power and character. To us a spirit such as he is must ever be a mystery in his being and working. Satan is a mysterious personage though lie is not- a mythical one. "We can never doubt his ex istence if we have once coine into conflict with him ; vet he is to us all the more real because so mysterious. 11" he were fiesli and blood it would be far easier to contend with him; but tq tight, with this spiritual wickedness in high places is a terrible task. As a dragon he is lull of cunning and ferocity. In him force is allied with craft ; audit he cannot achieve his purpose at once by power, he waits his time. He deludes, he deceives ; in fact, he is said to deceive the whule world. "What a power of deception must reside in kini, when, under is influence, the third part of the stars of heat en are made to fall, and myriads of men in ullages have worshipped demons and idols! He Las steeped the minds of men in delusion, so that t jey cannot see that they should worship none but God, their Maker. He is styled the old seipent;' and this reminds us how practised he is in every evil art. He was a liar from the beginning, and the father of lies. After thousands of _ years of c onst out practice in deception he is much too cunning for us. If we think that we can match him by craft we are grievous fools, for he knows vastly more than the wisest of mortals ; and if it once comes to a game of policies, he will certainly clear the board, ana sweep our tricks into the bag. To this cunning he adds great speed, so that he is quick to as- ail at any moment, darting down upon U3 like a hawk upon a pen r chick. He is not every where present ; but it is hard to say where he is not. He cannot he omnipresent ; but yet, by that' majestic craft, of liis, he so manages his armies of fallen ones that, like a great general, he superintends the whole field of battle, and lemis present at every point. No door can shut him out, no height of piety can rise be yond his reach He meets us all in our weaknesses, and assails us from every point of tl.e compass. He comes upon us unaware, and give3 us wounds which are not easily healed. But vet. deai' friends, powerful as this infernal spirit certainly must be, his power is defeated when we are resolved never to be at peace with him. V' e must never ddeim of terms of truce with evil. To suppose that we can let him alone, and all will be well, is a deadly error. "We must fight or perish; evil will slay us if we do not slay it. Our only safety will lie in a determined, vigorous opposition to sin, whatever shape it assumes, what ever it may threaten, whatever it may promise. _ Tne Holy Ghost alone can maintain in us this enmity to sin. According to the text it is said of the saints, ' They overcame him.' We are never to rest until it is said of us also, 4 Tbey overcame him. He is a foeman worthy of your steel. Do you refuse the conflict '1 Do you think of turning hack ! You have no armour for your back. To cease to fight is to be overcome. Yon have your choice between the two, either to gird up the loins of your minds for a life-long resistance, or else to be Saian's s aves for ever. I pray God that you may av ake, arise, and give battle to the foe. Resolve once for all that by the grace of God you will be numbered with those who overcome the arch enemy. Our text brings before us a very important subject for consideration : — What is the conquering weapon 1 With what sword did they light who have overcome the great red dragon ? listen ! 4 They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb.' Secondly, how do we use that weapon ? We do as they did who over came 4 by the word of their testimony ; and they loved not their lives unto the death.' I. First, what is this conquering weapon ? They overcame him by the blood of the Limb.' The blood of the Lamb signifies, first, the death of the Son of God. The sufferings of Jesus Christ uii<«ijv dg s6u iorui Dy some oLucir 011 jti is math on the cross requires the mention of blood. Our Lord was not oalv bruised and smitten, but Ho was put to death. His heart's blood was made to flow. He of whom we speak was God over all, blessed for ever : but he condescended to take our manhood into union with his Godhead in a mys terious manner. He was born at Bethlehem a babe, He grew as a child, He ripened into manhood, and lived here among us, eating and drinking, suffering and rejoicing, sleepingand labouring as men do. He d el in very deed and of a truth, and was buried in the tomb of Joseph of Arimathsea. That death was the grand fact wnich is set forth by the words 4 the blood of the Lamb.' We are to view Jesus as the Tmb of God's pushover ; not merely separated from others, dedicated to be Israel's memorial, and conse crated to Divine service, but as the Lamb slain. Re member, that Christ viewed as living, and not as having died, is not a saving Corist. He Himself saitb, 4 1 am He that livetli and was dead.' The - moderns cry, 4 Why not preach more about His life, and lessabout His death I reply, Preach- His life as much as you will, but never apart from His death, for it is by the blood that we are redeemed. 4 We preach Christ.' Complete the sentence. 4 We preach Christ crucified,' says the apostle. Ah, yes ! there is the point. It the death of the Son of God which is the conquering weapon. Had he not poured forth his soul unto death, even to the death on the cross — had he not been numbered with the trans gressors, and put to a death of shame — we should have had no weapon with which to overcome the dragon prince. By 'the blood of the Lamb' we understand the death of the Son of God. Hear it, O men! Because you have sinned, Jesus dies that you may be cleared from your sin. He his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree,' and died that He might redeem us from all unrighteousness. The point is death, and, paradoxically, this death is the vital point of the gospel. The death of Christ . ia the death" ofsin and the defeat off?atatr, and hence j it is the life of our hope, aud. the assurance o£ His 1 victory. Because He poured out His soul unto the (j death, Hedivides the epmi wjto theEtrong.. v i fj Neit, by ' the blopdoftke Lamb we understand ouv Lordsfleath as a - substitutionary sacrifice. Let 1 us he v&ty; clear hero. It is not said th&t; they over- j came the arch-enemy by the blood of Jesus, or tlie j blood of Christ, but by the blood of the Lamb ; and ' J the words are expressly chosen bec ause, tinder the I figure of the Lamb, we have eet before us a sa< x.'fice. j The blood of JeSus Christ, shed because of his courage J for toe trath, or out of pure philanthropy, or out of self-denial, conveys rio special gospel to men, and has no p ,'culiar power about it. j Ti-uly.it is an example worthy to "beget martyrs; out it is not the Way Of salvation for guilty men. If you proclaim the death of the Son of God, but do not show that; be? died toe just foy the unjust to bring -us to God, you have not preached the blood of the Lamb. You must make it Inown that ' the chastisement of our peace was upon Him,' and that the Lord hath laid on Him the iniquity of us all,' or you have not declared the meaning of the blood of the Lunb. There is no overcoming sin with out a substitutionary sacrifice. The Lamb under the j old law was brought by the offender to make atone- j incut forh.isoffence, aud in his place it was slain; this was toe type of -Christ taking toe sinner's- place, j bearing the sinner's sinvhnd suffering in the wnher'a Btead, an tous vindicating the justice ofGod,i&nd.; making it possible fcr Him to be just andthe justokr of him that believeth. 1 understand this to be the conquering weapon — the death of the Son of God set fbrtn as toe propiti&tiou; for sin. Sin must be pumsnea; it is punished m Christ's dentil. Mere is the hope of men. Furthermore, I understand by toe expression, The blood of toe Lamb,' that our Lord's death was effec tive for the taking away of sin. When John the Baptist first pointed to Jesus, he said, Behold toe Lainb of Gpd, who taketo away toe aih of the world.' v Our Lord Jesus has actually taken away Bin by his death. Beloved, we are sure that He had offered an acceptable and effectual propitation when He said, l It is finished/ Either He did put away sin, or He 1 did not. If He ;did not, how will it ever be put-away ! ; If He did, toen are believers clear. Altoge toer opart from anything that we do or are, our glorious Substi tute took away our sin, as in toe type toe scapegoat carried toe sin of Israel into the wilderness. In the case of all those for whom our Lord offeredHimself as a substitutionary sacrifice, toe justice of God finds no hindrance to its fullest flow ; it is consistent with justice that God should bless the redeemed. Near nineteen hundred years ago Jesus paid the dreadful debt of all bis elect, and made a toll atone ment for the whole mass of the iniquities of them that shall believe in Him,therebyremovingthewholetmn- endous load., and casting it by one lift of TTi« pierced, hand into the depths of the sea. When Jesus died, an atonement was offered by Him and ac cepted by the Lo) d God, so that before the high court of heaven ttere was a distinct removal of sin from the whole body of which Christ is the head._ In the fulness of time each redeemed one ii d'vidually accepts for himself the great atonement by an act of personal faith, but the atomm?nt itself was made long before. I believe this to be one of the edges of the conquering weapon. We are to preach that the Son of God has come in the flesh an£ died for human sin, and that in dying He did not only make it possible for God to forgive, but He secured forgiveness for all whoare in Him. He didnot die to luaav Uivil oaTP LRC) UUU \AJ save - AJLC iTiAtir! iiUv 1 that sin might bs put aside at Bome future time, but I to put it away there and then by the sacrifice of ! Himself; for by Hjb death He 'finished transgressions, made an end of sin, and brought in everlasting 1 righteousness.' Believers may know that when Jesus I died they were delivered from the claims of law. and j when He rose again their justification was secured, j The blood of the Lamb is a real price, which did j effectually ransom. The blood of the Lamb is a real J cleansing, which did really purge away sin. This we j believe and declare; and by this sign we conquer, j Christ crucified, Christ the sacrifice for sin, Christ the effectual redeemer of men, we will proclaim every where, and thus put to rout toe powers of darkness. II. I have shown you toe sword; I now come, in the second place, to speak to the question, how do we use it ? ' They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb.' j "When a man gets a sword, you cannot be quite 1 eeitrin how he will use it-. A gentleman has pur chased a very expensive sword with a golden hilt «nd an elaborate scabbard ; he hangsitup in his hall, and exhibits it to his friends. Occasionally he draws it -out from the sheath, and he says, Feel how keen is the edge !' The previous blood of Jesus is not meant for us merely to admire and exhibit. We must not be eonti ni to talk about it, and extol it, and do nothing with it; but we are to use it in the great crusade against unholiness and unrighteousness, till it is said of us, ' They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb.' This precious blood is to be . used for overcoming, and consequently for holy warfare. We dishonour it if we do not useit to that end. Some, I fear, use the precious blood of Christ only as a quietus to tlieir consciences. They say to themselves, He made atonement for sin, therefore let me take my rest.' r This is doing a grievous wrong.. to toe ®reat Sacrifice. I grant you that toe blood of Jesus does speak better toings than, that Of Abel, and thai it sweetly cries, 'Feace! Peace!' within toe troubled conscience; but that is not .all that itdoes. ..A man who wants the blood of Jesus for nothing hut the mean and selfish reason that after having been for given through it he may say, 'Soul, take thine ease ; eat, drink, and be merry— hear sermons, enjoy toe hope of eternal felicity, and do nothing'— such a man blasphemes the precious blood, and makes it an un- holy thing. We are to use toe glorious mystery of j atoning blood as our chief means of overcoming sin and Satan : its power is for holiness. See how toe j text puts it; 'They overcame him by the blood of the j Lamb these saints used the doctrine of atonement not as a pillow to rest their weariness, but as a weapon to subdue their sin. O my brothers, to some of us atonement by blood is our battle-axe and j weapon of war, by which we conquer in our struggle j for purity and godliness — a struggle in which we have continued now these many years. By the atoning blood we -withstand corruption within and temptation without. This is that weapon which nothing can resist. Let me show you your battle-field. Our first place I of conflict is in toe heavenlies, and the second is down j helow on earth. 'I First, then, you, my brothers and sisters who be lieve in the blood of Jesus", have to do battle with, j Satan in the heavenlies; and there you must over- j come him by the blood of the Lamb.' ' How say you. I- will lead you into this subject. First, you are to regard Satan this day as being al eady literally and truly overcome through the death of the Lord Jesus. Satan is already a vanquished enemy. By faith grasp your Lord's victory as your own, since He triumphed in your nature and on your behalf. The Lord Jesus Christ went up to Calvary and there fought with toe prince of darkness, utterly defeated him, and destroyed His power. He led captivity | captive. " He bruised the serpent's head. The victory j was the victory of all who are in Christ. He is the j representative seed of the woman, and you who are of ! tlat seed aud are inChrist actually an d experi mentally, j you then and there overcame the devil by the blood 1 of the Lamb. Can youget a hold of this truth ! Do ... lmnnf fVnf TTAii UTArh in TTic ntv- yGUllUll UlUTf vuttu JVU "VIV vuviouwwvu iu AAUI VM I cumcision, crucified cn His cross, buried with Him in baptism, and therein also risen with Him in His re- j surreetion ? He is your federal head, and you being j TTiPmhprs of his hodv did in Him what He did. Come, J my soul, thou hast conquered Satan by thy Lord's victory. "Wilt thou not be brave enough to fight a vanquished foe, and trample down the enemy whom thy Lord has already thrust down? Thou needest not be afraid, but say, ' Thanks be to God which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.' We have overcome sin, death and hell in the person and work of our great Lord; aud we should be j greatly encouraged by that which has been already wrought in our name. Already we are more than I conquerors through him that hath loved us. -If Jesus hnd not overcome the enemy, certainly wenever 'should have done so: but His personal triumph has secured ours. By faith we rise into toe conquering place tois day. , In the heavenlies we triumph, asalso ui every place. We rejoice in our Lord Jesus Christ, the JGchael of toe-angels, the Redeemer of men ; for by Him we see Satan cast out, and all toe powers of evil hurled from their places of power and eminence This day I would have you overcome Satan in the heavenlies in another sense : you must overcome him I as the accuser. At times you hear in your heart a voice arousing memory and startling conscience ; a voice which seems in heaven to be a remembrance of vour guilt. Hark to thatdeep, croaking voice, boding evil ! Satan is urging before the throne of jmstice all your former sins. Can you hear him? He begins 4ito your childish faults and, your youthful follies. Truly a black memory. He does not let one of yuur wickednesses drop out. Thing which you had for gotten he cunningly revives. Hetoiows your secret mis, for he had a hand in most of toem. He knows the resistance which you offered to thegospel, and the way in which you stifled conscience. He knowsthe sins of darkness, toe sum of toe bedchamber, the arunes of the inner chamber of imagery Since youhayehecn a Christian he has marked your wickedness, and | asked, in , Jiproe sarcastic tones, Is this a child of j God? Is toislio heir of heaven ?' Ho-hopes to con- j vict.us of hypocrisy or of apostasy. j The foul fiend tells out the wanderings of our heart-, toe deftdness of our -desires in piayer, top I filthy thoughts that droppsd into our fninds when we "have been at worship. Aias ! we have to confess ihat I we bave even tolerated doubts as to eternal verities, J and suspicions of the love . and faithfulness to God. J When toe accuser is about his evil business/he does I not lave to look far for matter of accusation, norfor facts to support it. Do these accusaBods stagger you ? Do you cry, My God, how can I face Thee ! for all this is true, ana the iniquities how brought to my remembrance are Buch as I cannot deny. I have I violated Thy law in a thousand Ways, and I cannot justify myself.' Now is your oppOTtnnity for over coming through the blood of' the Iamb. When. the 1 accuser., has said bis say, and .aggravated all your transgressions, be not ashamed to step forward and say; ' But I have an "advocate as well as an accuser. Oh, Jesus,' my Saviour; speak fear me !' When He I -speaks, what does He plead but Hisown blood? 'For all these sins I have made atonement,' says He, ' all l .toese iniquities were laid 'on Me in tte day of toe Lord's anger, and I have token them away.' Brethren, the blood of Jesus ChriBt, God's dear Son, I j eleanseth us from all Sin. Jesus has borne .toe I j penalty due to vis ; He has discharged for us upon j toe cross all our liabilities to the justice of God, and | we are fieu for ever, became our surety suffered in j I our place. Where is toe accuser now ? That dragon : I voice iB tilenccd by the blood of tte Lamb. Nothing else can ever suence we iwusei o cruel voice uui uie i voice of the blood whieh tells of the infinite Gcd ac- f cepting, in our 'behalf , the sacrifice which He Him- j self supplied. Justice decrees that the sinful shall be | clear, because the accepted Substitute has borne his I sin in his own body on toe free. Come, brother or j sister, toe next time thou hast to do with Satan as j an accnser. in the heavenly places, take care that thou | defend thyself with no weapon but the atonement. | All comfort drawn from inward feelings or outward j works will fall short ; but toe bleeding wounds of J Jesus will -plead with full and overwhelming argu- j ment. and answer all. 'Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect 1 It is God that justifieto. I Who is he that condemneth 1 It is Christ that died, j 1 yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for I us. Who, then, shall accuse the Child of God ? | Every accuser shall be oveieome by the invincible argument of the blood of the Lamb. j Still further, the believer will have need to over" J come the enemy in the heavenly places in reference to i access to God. It may happen that when we are most j intent upon communing with God, the adversary j | hinders us. Our heart and our flesh cry out for God, the living God ; but from one cause or another we are ! I unable to draw nigh unto toe throne. The heart is j j heavy, sin is rampant, care is harassing, and Satonic j I insinuation is busy. You seem shut out from God, I and toe enemy triumphs over you. You feel very j near the world, and very near the flesh, and very near | the devil ; but you mourn yonr miserable distance I from God. You are like a child wh» cannot reach | his father's door because a black dog harks at him J from the door. What is the way of access ? If the j foul fiend will not move out of the way, can we force | our passage ? By what weapan can we drive away I toe adversary so as tocometo God ? Is it not written I that we are made nigh by the blood ? Is there not a I iAu « vi/I tvvinm uni tt /tAncaniaofnn rnw Me t Uawa ttta ugn ouu jriAug n aj uo J jjlatv; pc i not boldness to enter into toe holiest by toe blood of j Jesus ? We are sure of God's love when we see that j Christ died for us ; we are sure of God'B favour when j we see how that atonement has removed our trans- J gressions far from us. We perceive our liberty to come to the Father, and therefore we each one j say — ' I will approach Thee— I will force My way through obstacles to Thee ? To Thee for strength will have recourse, ! To-Thee for consolation flee !' Pleading the propitiation made by toe blood of toe j Lamb, we dare di aw nigh to God. Behold, toe evil ! spirit makes way before us. The sacred name of | Jesus is one before which he flees. This will drive away his blasphemous suggestions and foul insinua- j tions better than, anything that you can invent. The dog of hell knows toe dread name which makes him lie down. We must confront him with toe authority, and specially with the atonement of toe Lamb of God. He will rage and rave all the more if we send Moses to him, for he derives his power from our j breaches of the law, and we cannot silence him unless J we bring to him th- great Lord who has kept the I law, and made it honourable. j We next must overcome the enemy in prayer, j Alas ! we cannot always pray as we would. Do you | never feel, when you are in prayer, as if something | choked your utterance — and, what is worse, deadened j your heart ? Instead of having wings as of an eagle j to mount to heaven, a secret evil clips your wings, I and you canuot rise. You say within yourself, 4 1 have no faith, and I cannot expect to succeed with God without faith. I seem to nave no love, or, if I have any, my heart lies asleep, and I cannot stir myself to plead with God. Oh, that I could come out j of my closet, saying 4 Yici ! Yici !— I have overcome, j I have overcome ;' but, alas ! instead thereof T groan 1 in vain, and come away unrelieved. I have been half dead, cold, and stolid, and I cannot hope that I have prevailed with God in prayer.' Whenever you are in this condition fly to the blood of toe Lamb as your I chief remedy. When you plead this master argu- I ment you will arouse yourself , and you will prevail j with God. You will feel rest in pleading it, and a J sweet assurance of success at the mercy-seat. Try I «f nnnfi Thie ic f!ho watr in tcViidTi trnii UUC iUVUUVIA CSV VMVV« Ji T« AM should use this plea. Say, ' My God, I am utterly unworthy, and I own it , but, I beseech Thee, hear j me for the honour of Tay dear Son. By His agony and bloody sweat, by His cross and passion, by His I precious'deato and burial, I beseech Thee hear me ! Oh, Lord, let toe blood of Thine Only-begotten pre vail with Thee ! Canst thou put aside His groans, iris tears, His dealh, when they speak on my behalf ?' If you can tous come to pleading terms with God upon this ground, you must and will pre vail. Jesus must be heard in heaven. The voice of His blood is eloquent with God. j If you plead the atoning sacrifice, you mus j overcome through toe blood of the Lamb. Thus have I spoken of overcoming in the heaven lies ; but I shall have to show you how you must contend against toe evil one in a lower sphere, even on this earth. You must first overcome in the heavenly places before toe throne; and when you have been tous triumphant with God in prayer, you will have grace to go forth to service and to defeat evil among, your fellow-men. How often have I personally found that toe battle must first be fought above ! We mutt j overcome in order to service. Many, a score of times of late I should not have ventured into this pulpit had it not been for power at the mercy-seat. Those who know the burden of toe Lord are often bowed down, and would not be able to bear up at all were it not for having in secret battled with their enemy and won the day. I have been bowed down before the Lord, and iu His presence I have pleaded the precious blood as the reason for obtaining help, and the help has been given. Faith, having once made sure that Jesus is hers, helps herself out of the treasury of God to all that she needs. Satan would deny her, but in the power of toe blood she takes possession of covenant blessings. You say to yourself, ' I am weak, I but in the Lord, my God, there is power : I take it to myself. Iam hard and cold, but here is tenderness | and warmth, and I appropriate it. It pleased the I Father that in Jesus should all fulness dwell, and by j virtue of His precious blood, I take outoftoat fulness j what I need, and then with help thus obtained I meet j the enemy and overcome him. Satan would hinder J our getting supplies of grace wherewith to overcome j him ; but with the blood-mark on our foot we can go j anywhere : with the blood-mark on our hand we daie J take anytning. Having access with confidence, we j also take with freedom whatsoever we need, and tous J we are provided' against all necessities, and armed j against all assaults through toe atoning sacrifice. This | is the fountain of supply and toe shield of security : this, indeed, is toe channel through whieh we recei\ e J strength for victory. "We .overcome toe great enemy by laying hold upon the all-sufficiency of God, when we really fed the j power of the precious blood of Christ. Thus, being victorious in toe heavenlies, we come down to the pulpit or the Sunday-school class made strong in toe t Tat? nn<i in the rawer of His misrlif TTavinerovercome Satan at the throne of grace, we see him likelight?- j ning fall from heaven, even before our feeble iastru- J mentality. We speak, and God speaks with us; we I long for souls, and Gad's great heart is yearning "with t s.Weixnpcrmte men to come, aadtheLordalsopleads with them to come, so that they no longer resist. Spiritual pow£ of a holy kind rests upon us to over- | come the spiritual power of an evil kind which is exerted by Satan, the world, and toe flesh. The Lord scatters toe power of the enemy, and breaks toe spell which holds men captive. Through the bloodof the Lamb we become masters of the situation, and toe weakest amongst us is able to work great wonders fywiing forth to toe service of God in the power of our victory in heaven gained by pleading toe blood of the Lamb, we march on conquering and to Conquer, and no power of the enemy- is -able to stand against 'US. . . It is time that I now showed jo i how this same fight is carried on On earth. Amongst men. in tl eie lower places of conflict saints overcome through the tblood of the Lamb by t! eii? testimony to that blood. Evcrybeliever is to bear vitress to the atoning sacri- fbeemaxt itspower to -save. He is -to tell-out the doc trine; heis to emphasise it by eamesfc faith in it ; and heis to support it and prove it ;by his experience of toe effect of it. You eannot all speak from the pulpit, but you can all speak f or Jcsis as opportunity is given you. Our "main ouBiness is to bfear witness with the blood in toe rawer of the Spirit. To this poiut we can all testify. You cannot go into all manner of deep, doctrines or curious points, but you can tell to all those round about you that 1 There is li:' e in a look at the Crucifled One. You can -bear witness to toe i power of toe blood of Jesus in your own soul. If you j do this, you will overcome men in many Ways. ; F-rst, you will arouse them out of apati«y- This age is more indifferent to true religion than almost any ot i©r. It is alive enough to error, but to the old faith it turns a deaf ear. Yet I have noticed persons captivated by toe truth of substitution who would n. t 'istei to any- j toing else. If any discourse can hold men, as thean- ! cieut mariner detained toe wedding guest, it is the story of Divine love, incarnate in the person of Jesus, bleeding aud dying for guilty men. . Try. that story when attention flags. It has a fascination about it. The marvellous history of the 'Son of God, who loved his enemies, and died for them — this will arrest them. The histoiy of the Holy One who stood in the sinners' place, ana was in consequence put to Bhame and affonv. and death— this will touch tl em. The sight of toe bleeding Saviour overcomes obdura< y and care lessness. The doctrine of the blood of the Lamb prevents or scatters error. I do not think that by reasoning we often c mi'ute error to any pract'cil purpoBe. We may confute it rhetorically and doctr.nnlly, bujb men still stick to it. But toe doctrine of the precious blood, when it once gets into the heart, drives error out of it, and seta up toe throne of truth. You cannot be -clinging to an atoning sacrifice, and s'ill delight in modem heresies. Tin sj who deny inspiration Are sure to get rid of toe vicarious atonement, befeause it i -will hot allow their errors." Let us go on proclaiming toe dectrine of the great sacrifice, -nnl tins will kill : toe vipers of heresy. Let us uplift toe cross, jand t never mind what other people say. -Perhaps we have taken too much notice of them already. Jjet toe dogs bark, it is their nature to. Go on -preaching crucified, God forbid that I should glory, save in toe cross of the Lord Jesus Christ ! We also overcome men in this way, by Eoftening rebellious hearts. Men stand out against the law of G >d, and defy the vengeance God; but the love of God in Christ Jesus disarms them. The Holy Spirit causes men to yield through toe softening influence of the cross. A bleeding Saviour makes men throw down their weapons of rebellion. ' If he loves me so,' they ; say, 4 1 cannot do other than love him in return. We I overcome men's obduracy by the blood, shed for I many for the remission of Bins. j How wonderfully this same blood of the Lamb j overcomes despair. Have you never seen a man shut I up in toe iron cage ? It has been my painful duty to I talk with several of such prisoners. I have seen the captive shake the' iron bars, but he could not break J them, or break from them. He has implored us to set j him free by some means ; but we have been power- I less. Glory be to God, the blood is a universal sol vent-, aud it has di- s >lved the iron-bars of despair, until tne poor captive conscience ras oeen aoie to escape. How sweet for toe desponding to sing — 4 1 do believe, I will believe, That Jesus died for me !' Believing that, all doubts, and fears, and despairs fly away and the man is at case, j There is notkns, indeed, dear friends, which the blood of the Lamb will not overcome ; for see how it overcomes vice, and every form of sin. The world is foul with evil, like a stable which has long been the lair of filthy creatures. What can cleanse it? What but this matchless stream ? Satan makes sin seem Sleasurable, but the cross reveals its bitterness. If esus died because of sin, men begin to see that sin I must be a murderous thing. Even when sin was but imputed to the Saviour, it made him pour out his soul unto death ; it must, toen, be a hideous evil to I those who are acting and personally guilty of it. If I God's rod made Christ sweat great drops of blood, I what will His axe do when he executes toe capital sentence upon impenitent men! Yes. we overcome J toe deadly sweetness and destructive pleasurableness 1 of sin by the blood of toe Lamb. This blood overcomes the natural lethargy of men I towards obedience ; it stimulates them, to holiness. If I anything can make a man holy it is a firm faith in the I atoning sacrifice. When a man knows that Jesus died j for him, he feels that he is not his own, but bought I with a price, and therefore he must live unto Him tbat j died for him and rose again. In the atonement I see a motive equal to the greatest heroism; yes, a motive I which will stimulate to perfect holiness. What j manner of persons ought we to be for whom such a sacrifice has been presented ! Now are we quickened into intensity of zeal and devotion. Sae, dear brotkers, how to use the blood of toe Lamb in this I lower sphere while contending with evil among men. But I must close with this. It is not merely by testimony that- wfe-nse this potent truth. We must support that testimony by onr zeal and energy. _ We I need concentrated, consecrated energy; for it is written, 4 They loved not their lives unto toe death.' J We shall not overcome Satan if we are fine gentle- I men, fond of ease and honour. As long as Christian J people must needs enjoy the world, toe devil will I suffer little at their hands. They that overcame the I world in the old days were humble men and women, generally poor, always despised, who were _ never ashamed of Christ, who only lived tq tell of His love, and died by tens of thousands rather than cease to bear testimony to the blood of the Lamb, rhey over came by their heroism ; their intense devotion to toe cause secured the victory. Their lives to them were as nothing compared with the honour of their Lord. Brethren, if we are to win great victories we must have greater courage. Some of you hardly dare speak about toe blood of Christ in any but toe most godly company - and scarcely there. Yon are very retirirg. You love yourselves too much to get into trouble through your religion. Surely you canuot be I of that noble band that love not their own lives unto I the death! Many dare not huld the old doctrine I nowadays because they would be thought narrow and J bigoted, and to's would be too ga'ling. They call us I old fools. It is very likely we are ; but we are not J ashamed to be fco's for Christ's sake and the truth'B j sake. We believe in the blood of toe Lamb, despite j toe discoveries of science. We shall never give up the I doctrine of atoning sacrifice to please modern culture, j What little reputation we have is as dear to us as | another man's character is to him ; but we will cheer- I fuliy let it go in this struggle for the central truth of I revelation. It will be sweet to be forgotten v and lost I sight of, orto be vilified and abused, if toe old faith in I toe substitutionary sacrifice can be kept alive. This I mueh we are resolved' on, we will be true to our con- j victions concerning toe sacrifice of our Lord Jesvs; J for if we give up this, what is there left ? God will j not do anything by us if we are false to toe cross. He j uses the men wiio spare not their reputations when I these are called for m defence of truth. Oh to be at J a white heat! Oh to flame with zeal for Jesus! O my brethren, hold you to toe old faith, and say,- ' As I #np f>ift rpsTkAnf. nf mfin. T can mfHlv forfeit it . but as for toe trutn of God, that I can never give up.' This is the day for men to be men ; for, alas ! toe most are soft molluscous creatines. Now we need backbones as well as heads. To believe toe truth con cerning the Lamb of God, and truly to believe it, this is the essential of an overcoming life.' Oh for courage, constancy, fixedness, self-denial, willingness to be made nothing of ftr Christ ! God give us to be faithful witnesses to toe blood of the Lamb in this ungodly world ! As for thesa of you who are not saved, does not tin's subject give you a hint ? Your hope lies in the bloodof toe Lamb. ' Come, guilty souls, and flee away, like doves, to Jesus', wounds.'- Tlie atoning .sacrifice, which is our glory, is your salvation, Trust in Him whom God has set forth to I be toe propitiation of sin. Begm with this, and you are saved. Evervgood and holy thing whieh goes | with salvation wul follow after ; but now, this morn ing, I pray you accept a prcsmt salvation through the blood of the Lamb. 4 He that belieVeto in Him hath everlasting life.' 