fllqvelfet. The Secret Chamber; ' or, . TIIE GIPSY S VENGEANCE. ... . ' - , — El! Eliza . A.' Dupuy, Author of . "The Oulhm't Bride," "The White Terror," ire'., ire. CHAPTER XVIII, , ' /:» MATH OP 81ft HUGH. To accoun t for what now occurred, wo muafc return to tho troopor who had boon r.;, ''5 on gunrd below. Junes wn, a person of inquisitive i mind, mid it occurred to Iiiiii'.tlint while his comrndo kont watch nvcr tho movements of tho family above . ; i Muirs, lio would tiiuko a foray through tho oldor portion of tho building. ' i 1 key- atill remained hi tho door winch gnvo Into tho corridor, nnd ho traversed its, length nnd eiiiored tho \- clinpol. Hie quickoyo eoon caught sight of tho lifted ting stono, nnd, whilo ex amining it, tlio nncn panol niaa attracted ' . bjs.nttcntioii. Ho exclaimed : , ' ;By'Juvo ! tlio riccrot's out 1 That chap wna liid in" tho g.irrut, and ho's ooniuu hero about hero, that's certain. > . ' Tho wny'a been op'oned for lum to get . - out, and maybe I can trap him before ho : '- gob a awnyi" VX;;./. rushed back to tho inhabited jj'C n . portipn. of fcho housoi:cnlled to his. coin /.I 1 lade, and, in a fow'wordij, informed him . » : of tho diacuvory ho had made, at the same ; him to remain in front of r Mra, M»'thurn,B room, .and, in five inmutos, to .eptdr it, .whilo ho made Iub way to.tjio opposite aide, forlio was cor , that a. coinmuuicalion existed bo ; e tween tho chapel and .that auito of v' 'ajjartmonts, . ; ' folios ran bnck, -a wifrly mountod tho i\\-3: A i.f'dre, and moved, in the direolion in L-!: ? which ho know the rooms tvero situated. sii T|io aound of voicoa soon guided him, and Ayi. , i; ho croshcrl througli tho wardrobo at tho . lnoment that. tho orios from the next room ; tv:; .warned him timb a t-cufllo was going-on. ; : -Tho gipsy turned like a lioness at -wlilo Sir Hugh fell back, dropping the pen fioin his. Imi.d ,&b; ho gsspingly ; ' Boat 1 loat ! All la loat !" ' Thoy;woro tlio last nrliculnto words ho : i«vor uttoiod, for tho shuok had snapped A , t'to auvor cord, and tlio hard and sinful ,-#v aoul of tho- barnnot was' wrenched from j . A-';., hid. body in tlint moment of supreme ttuguish. . ' Jones sfrode. to the door, unlocked. and A'iV-' ifc opon. Vernor was etruggliag v:. ;r.Jo9poratoly ; with his-assailnnt, svlio had liiin without warning, whilo c:i.'.;ft<".,.:;'rra.-.3fetHurn.,:ond'- Ethel, paralysed by c.vv. ' irighfcj lookod on witliout oven uttering a i: ory nowcomor -grasped tho hands of. . /rthe. young man from bolund, and in a fow ';- -Hionionts ho was securely bound and 'riA placod on a chair. ' i'Li/fi-t Wiio Jookod .'j that- door ? ' asked yornor,.flftvago!y.i " But for.tliat l might have escaped you. both. What havo- you done withmj fatlior? ' //rittr-r- Na'-.'.V.Ibohove.'ho'a' fainted,. Now we'vo / '/ -. got you 8afo, I'll look aftor tho old gentle . man. -Don't be soared, laches ; wooint fk tjolrf to.hurt you/. though you did try to i - r;'.:'., '..hide.thi8 young chap amongefc ye." Mrs. Mothurn ruahod into tho dreBBing? roomj followed by Ethel,: and tho young : - girl uUorcd a loud cry no slio behold Sir »i:i:>>Hugb>,WIthfalIen.JBW and glazing oyos, sitting bolt. upright,- rwith lua hands still ;!< :<!> ;v otietohed' out over tho little tablo. .-..ThpipBy nnd tho .deed hud. . both d«- _ appeared Jast shock has proved fatal to ; -vVir; ,:.dum,!v8atd Mi',i. MotUurn, with omotion. ' \V God hns meroifully removed hiin from; : troublo'to coino. :Go to your own room,: ;'v:.i;iny'child, for tliis aighfc is too .painful for: V;vy\'-:'V ;';qho'-6f your toiidor j'oaro. I will attend, / ' to whnfc must bo douo liero." But Ethel -would not consent to leavoj :i. : - her ; by -this ttiuo lhc two -eoldiors -had -.r -.Hntovcd tho room, nnd m oomplianoo with: ( request or Mra. Mothurn', they lifted; r - - tho "corpae nnd placed -it on a couch that: Rtod in tho room ;' and striughtoutd.thC" \- and Airs. Alcthurn closed .tliOj mouth and prcaaod down tho pyohds oyorj Jho storing oyes from whioh all express v-i'-.-i. vmoii had-flod."'' Vcrnor called out, mips- .fiontly : .. What nvo you all doing in thcro ? Sir. .Hugh — fathor, como out ; I wish to . :witli you. I ortppouQ that privilege at least will not bo denied mo.-' . M .. IJthol -.went to hun, palo and troin- bin.fr \- 1- i4'0h: VurAor— poor Yernor, this -w fl oad bluu' for v/m: Ho will novorcomo to you ogaui. Uh, ho »a deadl" and sho coidd ''"I1? ,'1 Imndu, every libro of ,;. f lie trembled in can save »i! u "acrir;00 ?t all I claim makoit.1: ora"r. I will cheerfully Sho nliirn'11"? caT ins'lently woeping. orSiiranv#rr>h.,ufd Sir HnfJil? has dealt witli hia orcaiuro. rou nni oscapod th o evils wo must « ni a courilt'0 faco." ' Aunt Agnes, if ho could only have been 1m Wclts, ,un8r. 1>» might l.avo bSi nnt "Vf, Ultcr ruin from <m e» ! vn,,r u,T'.i1'?ytl,,1,>t ,a l"at- Make up Iiirko iWlf' 81 wWi.'mo"to prison, for wUlt bim ,,COm0 " "" '"k US nU eW "It it must bo so, X can eo. I will and bn" A'Ar oft,!0 a,rrtit woaroin,. help ua "" 1,d "my ho able to tb""-!"?""/"811 in H'0 lend, perhaps ta/isiglitj but! havo 110 hope from tliat;. S to tho worit. for Kirko arrests us, nnd Joflreys will ait in iuds- mentupnn us." . . ' .J?: JMmrn shuadbrcd. Tho ieputa was, troll. known to tier, him r, !.i a0 Js ?£,0?en appearing before him her with horror. "® troopers hero . joined them, and, rooRh no thoy were, they refrained from s. ying anything to tho Unhappy young- man, to ombittor his captivity. Even they had some respect for tho lifeless form of him who wns so lately tho sfny and protoc-. won of tbbso .'before thiim, - "Vor'nor haughtily regarded thoih,. as ho said : ' ' I '"ay at least bo : permitted to. go. IS 'ook UP" ">y 'lead father for walk" ' ro thy fot that I may. If you'll promiso not to mako a dash, young mnn, an1 try to got off, I'll do you that florvico," EAld .T<iftnd na Ita sauamiI - tho cord that bound his fcot. Vcrnor said nothing in reply, but stood an instant balancing in hia mind hia chancer of (Bcapo , talked with him alono, alio i? OO80nid tho handkerclxief with" which his arms wero bound, for tho ton son appoared painful, and a fow cautious movements had convinced Vcrnor that ho could rolcasa thorn without much effort, lie said : u Now I am ready. Onoufyoucankoep guard at the door while tho other goes with mo in tho drcaaingFoom. I atiall not bo long." Tho trooper exchanged glances, and Simpson took . station closo besido tho door. V«.siior walked forward, followed by Joui'8, and Jus rapid glanco. took iu tho cpndition ( tho room. Ho asked: 14 Who guided you to yonder open ingl" "Alyownwit nnd tho carelosancss of tho?o that Cjuho beforo mo. Tho womnn that was in horo got away! .wJiilo" I was Bccuriii'you;" ' . .1 : ./What. woman ?" said Vcrnor, - bo- wiidercd. ' ..'- 'u ;.;: "/How should I know? One of tho Sorvants,;;raayhap, who know tho '.Way. 'up.". But the. prisoner know bolter, nnd like ;a flasli tho romcmbranco of tho 1 atrangb gipsy .woman came to him. /'ThstsHo aoinp,. mystprioiis connoclion wilh: his .father,' that she knew nil tho secret pine a ,iu tho limiao, ho waa.aware; and his heart- grow faint within him na ho remomborcd bow alio had kept upon ilia trnck fur yulrs 'past. . Could alio havo followed him ; to England to mako iiis destruction. sure): ;Why alio wished evil to him lie did not know, but that sho wna his dondly. atid unenmpromising enemy lie felt assured/ ' Ho approached tho cqur.1i and looked doWn on tlio iuniiininto form that lay upon it, thinking' lesa'of his berWvoinent tliaii of llio means of .ascaping froin tho toils that wero closing around him. Jones peered through tlio opening iu tho wnrdrobe, and muttered ooinmentp on its ingenuity. JUo found tho saw, nnd tnid, aloud : " Tho gal got thin, buthow sho brought it up J don t know, blio s a sharp mi, an needs looking after a bit." . Vcrnor glanced furtively atliini. . Tlio door communicating with tho outer dor.r had swung partly to. Jones was, on. hia knees groping in tho wardrobo, arid aoising tho opportunity,, ho slippod'the liaudkerr chinf from his arms, and at a 'bound, closed tlio door, turnod tho koy, and then sprang upon tho trooper. -As Jones arose ho struck hun a heavy blow upon tlio head, dashed through tko oponmg, and was half way .across tho garrot -boforo tho 1111111 regained lus stunned son«os -sufli- ciontly to.pursuo lum. But ICirko'ulnmbs ivoi-o too hanl-hoadcd to bo long bewildered ovon by such a blow as tlio ono just dealt on thp troopor's head, and as Vcrnor approached tlio stairs ivay'ho heard Ins advorsary 111 hot pur suit Dashing wildly forward, lio cloarefl tlio stops at a bound,'landcd on tho cliapol floor, nnd closed tho, panel,. As ho paused to take breath a figuio einorged from bohir.d' a pillar, . which, hoi instantly rocogniscd ns that of tho Gipsy. Whot iisb brought yon horo?". lio! fiorooly nskod. " What wore you doingi in my father's room to-day J Ton havo; daggod my stops for yogra, and now yoy: havo como to dohvor mo, ovor to doa-. truction. ' . " You Bpoak tlio trulh, sho reoklesslv renlicd " Tho ropo is made that will! hang vou', and I havo dono my best; .to-put it around your nook, though you; h ii obruoly helped mo youraolf Tho sloulh-hound is on your track, ami yo"; need iiotdiopo to oscapo Ipm. You ore rushing now upon your fato, " Who are you, nnd why havo you pur-, suod mo thus for ovil t '' : "Tlio' doad mairthat Jios above can no longer Btand bolwoon UB, and omco your racfis almost run, I a ,11 toll you w at vou'wisluto know. I am slio who should havo been Ladv Mothurn , to whom every aaorcd plcdgo was .given, androth- lossly broken. My son is tlio son of your f ,tl,oi, and your own older brothoi yot mil liavo darod to strike him. <»» on, Vernor Mothurn, and moot tliorotubut ion ,luo to that .cowardly -blow. I do not \- to stop you. Huston before -tho troopor breaks through tho wall, foi lio is „ rikiijg at it at a; fearful ruto. _ Jones, iu tlutli, was hammering against tlio panel , witli rill -his force, and as A' clashing sound was heard, as; if it was splintering ;benoa'Ii , his blows, Vcrnor again bounded forward, and. disappeared through tlio opening in tlio floor. Ho had no thought at that moment for tho rovo- lation tlint had- just boon 'mado to him ; his only earn was for his own safoty. Tho gipsy Again stepped bohind tlio. nholtering pillar, leaving Junes to force Iiis way into tho cliapol. . Slio know tlint tho fugitive was iii herpowor, for by this time hor son must boat 'his-; station with tho party of which ho hiul gouo in quest/ nnd since nothing olso W JilTd bo gained by the day'a work, Molohoir might at lohst gain tlio roward offered for, his brotlior's approhenaiori.- V Tlio troopor. at length, 'smashed tlio pnnol, arid with tho iriipotus of tho. Inst blow, roiled out upon tlio floor. As lie rogaijied Iiis foot, n confused sound of voices and crios camo up from tho vaults; and before ho cotiid'gain the stairs loading into tlioin, n party of Joiir 'nien, load by Molohoir, camo "up, bringing tlio fugitive witli thorn as n priapner/'; Vornor had flono but a fowi yards ' boiiiw, when tlioy closed around liiin, .and . pinioned him in such a manlier na to render resiotanpo in- offcctual. _/ / OHAl'TER XXX. . TUB IIH0THBH8 FACE TO FACE. A.mossongor was sontto ICirko, inform ing him of tho state of affairs, and at tlio mouiont . Vornor was brought in tho cbapol ho dashed up to tho door, followed by the remainder of the troop. Thoir loud' and disorderly, ciitranoo tilled tho wholo ' building with 'clamor, and thoir conipiandor, with angry and inflamed visage, olalkcd'thfough. tho room of Sir Hugh nnd traversed tho' corridor with furious Imsto. Ho 'gniriod tlio chapel, and a . glanm of ; farpoious joy lighted up his- foatilrco as ho saw tho prisonor standing bofura. him bound and help less..'- " Woll, young cook o' tho ivalk, your jvings nre clipped nt luat," iio said, with a hoarse langli. " You'yo lad mo a pretty dance, you and that deceiving old father of yours. Whore is ho? .-I'll mriko him fool thnl it is not safe to triflo with ono of his majesty's oflicora as ho has dono witli mo to-day." Vcrnor disdainfully regarded him. " My fathor, tliank.Heavcn 1 is beyond tlio reach of yourmalico. You noranyono plso will annoy liiin more." "Why, what docs tho grilliard moan? Where is Sir Hugh, T say ? Bring liiin boforomo, that I inay signify my pleasure to him in this cphjuiicturo of affairs? I'll take tho old siniior wlioro holl fliid cause to repent of his ovil deeds." " You're spared that troublo, sir," said Jones. "Tho old gontloiuan's gono a longer joumoy than you oan'tako him. When 1 jumpiod in on tho.hidin' plsoo o' tho young fun, ho jest foil back nnd gavo up tlio ghost." ' . " Dead!" said Kirko. "Do you moan that his tough old heatt actually broko wlion ho learned that his young scapo- graco was in tho toils? BJoss 'liiy soull I had no idea bo/ had so much sensibility." _ ' "XIo's dead, anro, sir.-: Mpbbo you'll como up and boo wlioro tho youngster ivos atowod away, an' yuu soo for yoursuli that Sir Hugh 11 novor hrontlio ogaiu in this Wprld," ' ' / . kV--;':/'.'.. i.t ; Giving ordors for tlio prisoner to bo re moved to the hriU nnd /securely guarded, Kirko Btrodo after " hisi siilollito : arid, iinountod to thoganot Hc crircfullysur-- vryed hie route, and eriid : . '; ': /- ; "«.J Oioyorly rc'oritrivo.d, faith ; arid, tho, pariol is bp wollooucBaied JiBliirid tlio pillar /that rio ono would havo auspcuted ils.cx- .ioteuce. IivaacQrt.uutliatthoy'OUiig, jiiitin irad takoiirefugo liorb/and X iiitonded itoatay in'tlio lioigltborhood until ho was jiiribbod." i ' When tjio gaiiirid lho;opriniug ; into tho dreflsing- iboln, ho forced ills burly form tlirougli if, 'rind s to ppi n g out, stood boforo thu t'.vu a!l'rj\'lited'l;r,lie3, who/verc kiioot- ing .liufore tlio' couoh/ oii whicli tho body ,cif Sir .Hugh lay. Mia, . Mothurp /pxtri- .cated; : lieiaelf . from Ethel's ./ijiilrigirig' amis, and arose : with dignity,- .ivjiilo " til of poor - girl /turned hor.. pallid ifnooto- -ward/ liiiri and pointed hppbaliiigly /to tlio lifeless forin of. til o baronet.' Mrs.' Mothurn said : -- ' - : .- > '/ 1 trust that Coionol ICirko ivill treat tlieeo reiimiiiu with tlio respoct tliat is duo Tlio rndo soldior lifted his hat in; tho praiioiieo/of death, and replied : /' Ho's dono his last wrong nin'ara,'hnd gono ivlioro/rJoifroyB can't ' foriohiliim, wlijoh' I oan't aay. I'm sorry fur/ / Sir .-Hugh' rivris riXiboral-mnii, riiid 111 soo him put decently iu-tho family vault hrifnro Wo go.. But I iini Borry to Bay that you and tlusyouiigJady must gq with mo. to Taun ton as soon as tho lob s complotod." ." (Jan wo not kbo porinittcd to ro- niain-liore till our prosenco in. necessary tlioro 1" ..; ' - : -- - ".I htul agreed to that,- bht now -it is rapouriblo. . You havo helped- to conoral that young follow, thus making 'mattors worse for yoursolvos than thoy would have boon- Luckily, , sv.o caught him, and now ho's safe with my lambs. a .'(Huw long may wo remain bonoatlt this roof, sir ?" v. ; . Tilliiiiy mon. havo had a. good diunor provided for - them, ma'am, and iivo linvo had timo to knock- up a bog to put' tlio old gontloinan. ill. .Ho was fond' . of his glass,- and 1 liopo there will bo good wino to bo drunk nt Ins f unornl banqnot. I roly on your respect for tho doouancd to order a repast suited to his quality, for my lambs aro used to tho host tho country .affords." , - n . " Thoy slmll hnvoJAwbtSit -wp ; havo," replied fcho lndy; " but you niUBt htowaro of tho dilliculty of obtaining aufnoiiwA food for.a wliolo troop of liorsoinon at bo short a liotico. Our family is not largo, and it-will tako timo to oond to tho vil lage." "/ounds! madam lull tho fatted Calf j kill Ins mothor, if uocoasary ; for 1 shall not budgo from the Priory till I havo partaken of its hospitality. Tho: Mothurna wore not wont to bo niggards , and if thoir. forlunos-havo fallon, tlioro is atill cnougli -loft, to focd his majesty's aoldiors." ... . Mrs. Mothurmdid not reply, to this rudo spooch ; slio moroly bout hor hoad and loft tlio room. - : . McBoongora wore dispalohod to tho vil- lagb, and to farmer Conway's to request that provisions might bo eont up to tho Fnot-y ; but- tho day was rapidly waning nway boforo tho banquot was ready for tlio nnpntiont nnd often clamorous ooldtors ; for Kirko allowed lus inon.tho wildest liberty when not ongagcd.m actual service.- i . ... v \- A rough coffin jviiB prneured for Sir Hugh, and ivitii little ooieniony lio was placod iri it rind. convoyed to tho. family vault, which was sjliiafod in. tlio roar of tio chapel. Verhor. and tlio two liulios waro pormitted to. bo 'prosont, and, with foar rind (reriililiiig.tho citrate of tlio pariah cariio to road tho .burial sorvico over the body, / , Whori ho ashed leave to do so, Kirko replied It isn't niuch goied they'll do suph rin/ old reprobate now/Mr. Parson ; but as it isoustomary/I wou't rofUBo. I'm called 'a brato/ and soinotiincs T act likq one; but thodovjl, you know,' i-ii't go blnck as bo's/ painted.; Tho / wornon would , fool liorri.ljod if tho old foliow wns put away liWo a/drig,'aud sorilbhow that litllo .girl intoiesU irio. /Tho poor tliing has.boun riiado a victim by Btr Hugh rind thot scuhip of a sop; thoy liavo ruiriod hor, I know, and/ this' affnir .will swallow tip thp last frngmciit of Iior forluno. Somohow I pity her, fhnugh/ I don't ofton 'eats' for those tlio fortune of':: war throws in my hands,". / "Miss Ethel.; is .a, sweet young lady,'.', replied tho onrato. 1 taught hor Latin and the niyslorios.pf ealcu|ation, nnd alio was always a dncilo pupil. I do hope you will try and boffiona lierintlioovilatraits into whieii sho has fallon." " As to that, my power ovor her fato ccaaos when -I dohvor hor ovor to tlio authorities at .Taunton. Joffroys will thon bo thbarbitcrof hor destiny." Tho dominie shuddered. "'Oh, eir, ho is a merciless man, and this is. snch a '.young gill I ' 1— I'm told, sir, that tlioso he cannot hang he will condemn tu be sold' as slaves ill tlio West Indies/ Think of it, sir! Buoh n dolicsto young lady as this to.be sont away as a alavo to that, wild and unhealthy country." Kirko laughed bitterly nnd said : ' " It sgood enough for tho niost of thoso who will bo sent there," ' Tho poor dominio regurded hiin with silent horror. Tho family at the Priory had bpen his . pntrons, aria -from bim tho young peopio had' rcceivod tho greater portion of thoir cdneation. For Voyuor ho. hod loss affaotion than Gerald, but ho could not think of - tho fato that throntonod him without tho bitterest re- gret. ; - Whilo performing tho last services for tho deceased bsronot, his voice faltored and his eyes filled witli tears many times ; and in a parting intorvjow with Mrs. Mcthurn ho promised to look in fre quently nt tho Prioty, and see how things ivcut on during her enforced nbsenco. Siio mado nn effort to look hopofni, as sho said : ' "I trust that wo shall bp permitted to return before long." If wo do not,I hope, Mr. Pnnton, tlint you will romombor tho Iionr pooplo I havo bcon in tho hnbit of ooking after.1' Ho promisod to do so, mid oakod : " Will not Mr. Gerald come to youras- oistrincb, ma'am ? Ho's a lawyer, and ho will know tlio rights of tho enso. It seems lmrtl that you and Miss Ethel should bo taken away from your liomo for such a trifle." J V I have written to Grrajd, and-I shall, send my lettpr'frum Taunton-" " Will thoy really put you In prison, ma'am ? . , It s/a dreadful: plncoV for ' I'yo . been there to, visit a. friorid- Tlia.t was several years ago; but the place is no iioltbr now— nay; it is ivorso, . f or a /roaligrisnt fever is rnging among tlio ptoplo confincd tiicro." A"';.-.'/-: -/ -. / : ; Mrs, Slethurn '. shivbrod as /slip 1 ox- ;clatmed i ; i yy: , /' /'///';: :./u;::;/ Jfy peor EtboM , it rivill bo torriblo to tnko' lior into tlio'midet of inft'cfion, I jiiiiiat -iuako every efrort to cacnpo that danger. Jvirkeja roiigli niul brutsh but diri fias tlio reputntion af helrig rJao V' ry venal, l linvo a hundred piitinids by /no, /which I linyo suved sinco ticreld went into Mr. Clydo'sottice. Porliaps tlrnt wilt puroliaso pormijsnion fur u a' to remain iundor Mr. Dighy's roof. It would bo tou. i cruol to thro jy- us in tho midst of infec tion." . . .J / " Kirko seems to' feel for Miss Ethel, ma'am, aud i think tho half nf tlio uionoy will- bribe him to lot you botji remaiit.with yourfriouds. But ho sumwillkeopMr, Vornor out of prison. Tlioy are too rinich afmid lhut lie will bscnpoh He ling shown: oucli apirit nud/dbtorniination tfint they, will notZcrinsont' to loss aightof: liiin for. riu hour." /:' . Mra. Motbuirh sighed hoavi.ly, /; . u T urn nWiiffl of f.Knifc; fintl T hope; of . keeping Iiim witii us. To savo Ethel -from. contact w.itli sucli /inisbry rind degradation, is tho- utiriorit l oxpaet to so- conipli.th". You ldviso mo thou to mako tlio trial witliKirUo ?" . .. ' " I think yon' may \voritiiro - to do so,, ma'am. Iio can only rcfuno, arid you .will bo , no worse off tlinn you are 1101V." ' - v.- Thus counselled,, Mrs. Mothurn sought ail-opportunity, .of spoakmg .witU Kirko, ; irho atihrst uttorly refused to. lieton to Buoh a proposal; i 1 Ho declared- that - the two ladies must go to prison, as many others of as high station had dono before ; tbat ho had- no poivor.to. cliiingo their dos- tinntion, but when he found tlmt tho widow hod money of lior own with wllioh to purchase mdomnity, .lio .aoftoiied lus tone, snd after many manoeuvres -to. ili)d out how muoli -alio was ablo to givo, ho (inally cansontod ,tn accopt sixty pounds, and: allow Ethol-.and, hor protoctross to; tako rofugo in, tho liouso of Mr. Digby till -tho day of their trial arrived. - ' - -r YYhcii Mra. Mcthurn vonturod to men tion Yornor, his face dar)xciiodt; and ho abruptly raid "You can do hotlnng for tlio ypung ; man, madam. My ndvico to you is, to lot: hhn boar : tho burdon of tho calamity lio, has brought upon you nil.'- ,, v . Mrs.- Mothurn turnod away with a sed: heart; sho would liavo -, gladly nvortcd; 1-oin Vornor;tho ponalty of bw lato nets, had she possessed the power to do so ; but she wns holplosa to aid lum in any, way, : Ybviior was atrictly guarded in one of tho lonor rooms, and no opportunity of spoakiut-witli- -him had- boon1 allowed tlio two lad lot. savo when thoy atood bc- aido tho bier when tlio funoral soi'vicoa were., being peiturraod. Ho had then, briofly oatd : . . -y,-.-. . " Take cmo of ysnraolf and Ethel, Aunt i Agnes.-. It'naU' Upy/itlime, and I must :boar my fato like a-iran. I have brought ovil enough upon you.without hanging as a mill stono upon you now. Loavauio to my own dosorto.", u Tho liouso for1 many hiurs aftor was a scoiio of riot and - cunfiwon, from which Mrs, Mothurn was glad to l-Jio ref ugo m tlio soclusionof hor own oparmciits. - Tlio lato dinner was served, fw Conway Hout - up. a waggon load of jvo vi uiunn, mid tho peopio of tho villa;;,, anxious to-prove ;thoir. royalty, , fiirnisho?, cvory- :-a /:! .'/'I v//-, " //' // ,t .:./ :lv :/;'/' W, , T'P.'He'Ht >:' I thing they thoitght . tho troopers would ftood; : ; : ' : Tho /"wiiio collar -was scarchod, and a sufllciont store of Both wino and nlo wore found to intoxicato tho wliolo party. Fow wo'iilij havo bblibved thfit, tlio. shadow of dorith. rested iipon thiit./ Iioiiao, which rrinR/ivith baochnnaliriri sprigs anil royBler- ing laughter.: Tho feast was turned into a wild-revel, arid it was lato iii. tho night boforo tho troopors ataggored from tho table. . .. ' / Under thoio circumstances Kirko post poned /their departure till tho- following niorriiri, for among his/troops but'ono /s.obpr man'was .to bo fpuiid;, This: was Simpsqn/tp whpiri tlio busto/dy of Yorrior was 4blcgiUqd, with, tlio bssu'raricb:ihat if lib pormittod him to cscapo llis/bwn lifo should fie Ztbc; forfeit// /, :' V Minehen/ and hor son wore still/in tho hotiso ; . and Mblchoir .watched .for an/on1- -. portunity tocomo into tlio.presenco of ins brnthor,- that: ho might gratify, his deep hatred by sooing him bound and holplbss before him.' ',:/ Tho drunken troopors,' had sunk down .upon. tho.flobr in' a lieavy sldop. nhd tlio liouso was at last <juiet/,whon tlio young gipsy ..oamo stbaltliily towrird tlio door be side, which Simpson hold iiis watbli. , './Ho offered tho trooper a tankard of alo nud a picco of money, and whispered: " Lot mo pass ; lot mo seo, my foe in tlio toils, and I will bo your friend for lifo." ! ; "Gad I you're tho fellow that sot. tlio men on the right scont ; you helped to nab him, and I don't suppose you'd caro to help him off." ' : " I'd tlirotllo him first," was tho. fierce responsp, "I wish to witnosri his huniili- ation — to gloat on his. sufferings. Ho degraded mo onco by . cowardly, blows, but now I think wo nro quits. Lot; mo pass, good fellow, nnd it shall not: bo tho worst for you. When I get niy share of tho roward for taking him, I'll remember you." "This ale is good ; this monoy is gonu- ino, nnd Idon't seo any objection to grant-, in/ what yon ask. Go in nnd-spoak your mind . to tho sullen - ypungstor, who wouldn't answer a civil roiriark I mado to him a ivhilo ago." To be Continual. 