The Novelist. COLONEL QUAEITCH, Y.C. A TAIiE OF COUNTRY LIFE.: p ; By H. EIDEE HAGGARD, Author of "King Solomon'* Mines," " Allsn .Quatermnm," "Jess," "She," &c.;, Ac. ■ i [ah OUKBJf SLASD BTOBTB BBflEBVJXD.] . Ohaptsb XXXVII.—Sibtxb Agsks. Ten days had paBied. The tragedy of whioh its foregoing is a record had ojhoed through jq- the land. Nnmberless articles and other paragraphs had been written in nnmberless papers, and nnmberless theories had been built npob them. Bat the echoes were already oom • menoing to die sway. Both actors in the dim brent were dead, and there was no pending trial to keep the public interest alive. ' The two bodies, still linked in that fierce, dying grip, had been picked up upon a inudb'ank. An inquest had been held, at which an open verdict was returned, and they had been buried. Other tragedies had occu'red, the ' pipers were filled with tho reports of a noted and remarkably full-flavoured divorce case, and the affair of the country lawyer who committed bigamy and togethor with his law ful wife came to a tragio and mysterious end, began to be forgotten. ' ,'jri Boisingham and its neighbourhood much sympathy was shown with Belle, whom people •till called Mrs. Quest, though she had no title to that name ; but she received it coldly and kept herself seoluded. As eoon as her supposed husband's death Was beyond a doubt Belle hsd opened his safe (for he had left his keys on his dressing-table), and. found therein his will and other papers, inoluding the mortgage deeds, to which, as Mr Quest's memorandum advised her, she had no claim, Nor, mdsed, had her right to them been gcod in law, would sho have reta'ned them, seeing that they were a price wrung from:her lata lover under threat of an action that ooold not he brought, v So she made them into a parcel and sent them to Edward Cosaoy, together with a formal note of explanation, greatly wondering in her heart what course he would take with referenda to them.i She was not left long in doubt ; The receipt of the deeda was acknowledged^ and three days afterwards she heard that a notice calling in the borrowed money had been' eerved ppon Mr. do la Molls, on nehalf of Edward Oossey. . .".V ' So he had evidently made up his mind not to forego this new advantage whioh ohahce threw ipbie way. Pressure and pressure alone oould enable him to attain his end, and he was ap? plying it unmercifully. (fell, she had "done .with him now, it did not matter to. her.; but the oooldnot help faintly wondering at the extraordinary, tenacity and hardness of. parr pose which his action showed. Then she tamed her mind to the consideration of another mat Isr. ia connection with which her plant were approaching maturity. . 'It was some days after this, exactly a fort night from the date of Mr. Quest's doath .that Edward Cossev was sitting one aftenibon, brooding, over the fire in hie rooms. .: He had much business awaiting his attention': in London, bnt he would not go to London. He oonld not tear himself away from Boisingham, and snch of the matters as could not.be attended to there were left without attention. He: waa still as determined as ever to marry Ida, more determined if possible, for from constant brooding over tho matter ho had ar rived at a condition approaching monomania. He had been quick to see the advantage result ing In him from Mr. Quest's tragio death and the return of the deeds, and thongh he know fhst Ida wonld hate him tho more for 'doing it, he' instructed his lawyers to call in the money, and make use of Cvery possible legal means to harass and put pressure upon Mr. do la Mol'e. At the eime time he had written privately to the squire, calling his attention to the faot that mattors were now once more ae they had been at the beginning, but that he was as before willing to carry oat the arrangements which he had already specified, provided that Ida could be persuaded to consent to marry him. To this Mr. de la Mollo, notwithstanding his grief and irritation at the coarse his would-be sou-in-law hlditaken about tho mortagages on the death tot Mr. Quest, and the euspioion that ho now had as to the original oanse of their transfer to ,the lawyer, had answered courteously enough, laying what he had said before, that he could Apt force his daughter into a marriage with him, but that if she chose to'agreo to it he .should offer no objeotion. And there ,tbe matter stood. Ones or twice he had 'met Ida walking or driving. She "had bowed to him coldly, and that was all. ;Indeed, ho had only one crumb of comfort in his daily broad of disappointment, and that hope deferred whioh, wnere a lady is con cerned, makes the heart more than normally lick, and that was, he knew his bated rival, Colonel Qnaritoh, had been forbidden the oastle, and that intercourse between him •and Ida was praotically at an end. ^t.Bat he was a dogged and persevering man, and be knew tho power of money, and the shifts;to whioh people can be driven who are 'made desperate by the want of it. He knew, too, that it is no unusual thing for women ,whp are attaohod to one man to sell them •elves to another of their own free will, .revising that loro may pass, but wealth (if ijjha settlements are properly drawn) does not. xToereforo, ho still hopod that with so many eircumatanoea bringing an over increasing iPfeesnre upon her, Ida's spirit would in time .be broken, her resistance would collapse, and •he would have his will. Nor, as tho sequel .will show, was that hopo a basoless one. v'As for his infatuation, there was literally no .limit to it. It broko out in all sorts of wayB, •and. was, for tniles round a matter of pablio notoriety and gossip. Ovor the mantelpiece in {d< sitting- room was a fieah oxamplo of it. He hadby one means and another obtained peroral photographs of Ida, notably one of her in a coart dress, whioh she had worn two or three years before, when her brother James had insisted upon her being presented. These photographs he had caused to be enlarged, and had then oommise'oned a well-known artist to paint from them a full-length, life-sized por trait of Ida in her conic dress, at a cost of £500. ^ This order had been executed, and the portrait which, although, as might be expected, the colouring was riot entirely satisfactory, was still an effective Ukeress, and a fine piece of work, now hung in a splendid frame over is mantelpiece. There on the afternoon in question, he was sitting before the fire, his eyes fixed upon the portrait, of which the outline was beginning to grow dim in the waning December light, when the servant girl came in and announced that a lady wanted to speak to him, He asked what bor name was, and the girl said that she did | not know, because she had her veil down, and j was wrapped up in a big cloak. In doe course the lady was shown up. Ho bad relapsed. into bis reverie, for nothing seemed to interest him much now unless it bad to do with Ida—and he knew thattho lady was not Ida, because the girl said that she was short. As it happened, he waB sitting with his right e»r, in which be was stone deaf, to the door, so that between his infirmity and his dreams he never heard Belle—for it was" she—enter the For a minute or more she stood looking at him as he.eat with hie eyes fixed upon the pic ture, and as she looked an expression of pity stole across her s weet pale. face. " I wonder what onrse there is laid upon us that we should be alwayB doomed to seek for what we cannot find," she said aloud. He beard her now, and looking up saw her standing in the glow and fi'oker of the fire light, which played upon her white face and blact-draped form; He started violently, and as he did so she loosed the heavy cloak and hood thkt she wore; ' arid' it1 fell' behind her. But whore was tho"lovely ronnded form, and where the clustering, go!d°n curls? Gone, and in their place a coarse robe of blue serge, Edward Coseey drew himself up as though to spring at the Colonel's throat. on which hung a oruclfix and the white hood of the imn» Ho sprang from his chair with an exclama tion, not knowing if he dreamed or if ho really saw the woman who stood there like a ghost in the firelight. "Forgive me, Edward," she said presently, in her sweet, low voice. " I daresay that this all lookB theatrical enough—but I have put on this Jdresa for two reasons: first, because I have to leave this town in an hour's time, and wish to do so unknown; and secondly, to sho v yen that yoh need not fear that I have oome to be importunate. Will you light the candles P" He did so mechanically, and then pulled down the blinds. M>anwhiIo Belle had >oat<jd herself near tho tablo, her face buried in her hands. " What is the meaning of all this, Belle?" b6 said. " Sister Agnes, yonmuBt oall me now," she said, taking her hands from her face. " Tho meaning of it is that I have loft the world and entered a sisterhood, wbioh works among the poor in London, and that I have como to bid yon farewell, a last farewell." He stared at her in amazement. Ho did not find it easy to connect the idea of this beauti ful, passionate, hnman, loving creature with I the cold sanctuary of a sisterhood. He did not know that it is natures like this, whose very greatness and intensity is often the cause of their destruction, when thoy come in adverse oontaot with laws which aro fitted to the averago of their race, that aro most capable of these strange developments. The man or wo man who can really love and endure—and they are rare—can also, when their passion has utterly broken them, turn to climb the stony paths that lead to Iovo'b antipodes. "Edward," sho wont on. "you know in what relation wo have stood to euoh other, and all that that relationship means to woman. You know th»s, I have loved you with all my heart, arid all my strongth, and all my soul; that your voico-has been mus:o to mo,'andyour kindness heaven." (Hero sho trembled and broke down.) 11 You know too," she continued presently, " What has been tho end of alt this, the shame ful end. I* am not come to blame you. I do not blame you, for tbo fault was mine, and if I have anything to forgivo, I forgive it freely; and whatever memories may •ttOl live in my heart I swear X put away all bitterness,- and that my most earnest wish is that you may be I happy, as happiness is to you. The mistake J was mine; that is it would have boen. mine were wo free agents, which perhaps we are not. I should have loved my husband, or rather the man whom I thought my husband, for with all his faults he was of a different clay to you, Edward." He looked up, hut said nothing. 111 know," she went on, pointing to the picture over the mantelpiece, 41 that your mind is Ftill set upon her, and that I am nothing, and less than nothing to you. When I am gone you will scarcely give mo a thought. I do not know if you will succeed in your end, and I think that the methods you are adopting are wicked and shameful. But whether you sucoeed or not, your fate also will he what my fate is— io love a person who is not only in different to you but who positively dislikes you, and reserves all her seoret heart for another man, and I know no greater penalty than is to be found in that daily misery." 44 You are very consoling," he said sulkily. 441 only tell you the truth," she answered. 44 What sort of a life do you Bupposo mine has beon when I am so utterly broken, so entirely robbed of hope that I have determined to leave the world and hide myself and my misery io a sisterhood?" 44 And now, Edward," she went on after pause,44 I have something to tell you, for I will not go away, if indeed you alio * me to go away at all after you have heard it, until X have confessed "—and she leant forward and looked him fall in the face —141 shot yon on purpose Edward." 44 What 1" he said, springing from his chair, 44 you tried to murder me ?*' 44 Ye?, yes; but don't think too hardly of i me. X am only flesh and blood, and you drove I me mad with jealousy—you taunted me with having been your mistress and Baid that I was not fit to associa'e with the lady, whom you wero going to marry. * It made me mad, tnd the opportunity offered—the gun was there and I shot you God forgive me, I think that I have suffered more than you did. Oh I when | day after day X saw you lying there and did not know if you would live or die, X thought that I should have gone mad with remorse and agony !" He listened so far, and then suddenly walked across the room towards the b^lL She placed herself between him and it. " What are you going to do F" she said. 11 Going to do f I am going to send for a policeman, and give yon into oastody for attempted murder, that is all." She caught his arm, and looked him m the faoe. Tn another second she had loosed it. " Of course," she said, " you have a right to do that. King, and Bend for the policeman, only remomber that the whole truth will come cut at the trial." This checked him, and he stood thinking. " Well," she Baid, " why don't yon ring ?'* " I do sot ring," he answered. " because, on the whole, X think I had better let you go. I do not wish to be mixed np with yon any more. Yon have done mo mischief enough; yon have finished by attempting to murder me. Go ; I think that the convent is the best place for yon; you are too bad and too dangerous to be left at large." *-Oh!" sbe said, like one in pain. "Oh! and you are the man for whom I have come to this! Oh, God! it is a cruel world." And sbo pressed her hands to her heart, and stumbled rather than walked to too door. Reaching it ehe tamed, and :her hands still pressing the coarse blue gown against her heart, she leaned her back against the door. " Edward," she said, in a strained whisper, for her breath came thick. "Edward—I am going for ever - have yon no kind word—to say tomef" Ho looked at her, a scowl upon his handsome face, and then by way of answer he turned upon his heel And so, still holding her hands against her poor broken heart, she went out of the boose, oat of Bnsingham, and of touoh and knowledge of the world. These two were, though she | knew it not, onoo and once only, fated to meet; again, in after years, and under circumstances sufficiently tragio; but the story of that meet- j ing does not lie within the so >pe of this history, j To the world Bollo was dead, but there is . uivtther world of sickness, and sorrow, and [ sordid unchanging misery and shame, where ! the lovely face of Sister Agues moves to and fro like a ray of God's own light, and there those who would know her-mast go to •eek-her. . .. ; Poor Belle! Poor Bhamed, deserted woman! She was an. evil-doer, andtho fatality of lore and th9 rush of her quick blood and the un balanced vigour of her mind which might, had Bbe been more happily placed, haveled her to all that are pure, and true, and of good report, had combined to drag her in*o shame and misery. But the evil that she did has been paid back to her in full measure, pressed down and running over. Pew of ns need to wait for. a place of punishment to get the due of our f ol lies and onr sins. Here we expiate them. They are with as day and night, about our path and about our bed, scourgingus with the wnips of memory, mocking us with empty longing and the hopelessness o! despair. Who can es cape the consequence of sin, or even of the mis misfortune which led to fin? Certainly Belle did not. nor did Mr. Quest, nor even that fierce hearted harpy who hunted him to his grave. And bo good-bye to Belle. Hay she find peace in its season ! 