[?] [?] fcra«Hr«!rfiCkw»,mtt MfjtdjrtX nnl ; ' SjWiM.wiiliOT'lin.iioaw.iid raifa in Uio Cjoojund "a ' W v He'd a aneer on Lie lip, &n;<l a eoowl willt Lis eye, And a frown on Lis brow—and Lo look'd like aGuyf So she took to intriguing With Mourieur St. Hegriu, A young anon of i abhioti, -and figure, aud worth,2 '' But great prettusions totortuno or birth j s Herould siog, fence, nnddhnro, Willi the beet than In France, And took liis rappee niuieatoolvuurcAafopcc He smiled, and he flatterid, anu flirted with ease. And was very superior to Moosetgocur de Now Monsieur St. Megrin was curious to know If the Lady approved of hi passion or no ; So without uiore ado, He put ou Lis ur- tout, And went to a man with a beard like a Jew. Oue Siguor Huggieri, A Cuupiug-uian near, he Could conjure, tell fortune-, and calculate tides, Perform tricks on (Lc cards, and. Heaven knows whl besides, Bring brtck a etny'd cow, silver Indie, -or SpOOD, And was thought Lo be thick, with tbe Mao in tbe Moou. The S.'ge took his stand AYith bis wand in his hand, Drew a circle, then gave the dread word of command, Saying solemnly — ' Presto ! — Jfey, quick.' Cock-a-lorvm .' " When tbe Duchess immediately popp'd up before 'em. Juab then a conjunction of Yenua aod Mara, Or something peculiar above in the starv, Attracted the notice of Signer liuggieri, Who " bolted," and lift him aluue with Lis deary. Monsieur St. Megrin went down on Lis kuecs, And the Duchess shed tears large oe mar row-fat pens, When—fancy the shock— A loud double knock, Made the Lady cry, "Get up, you fotl !— there's De Guite 1 " Twos Lis Gtaca, sure enough ; So Mon sieur, looking bJuff Strutted by, with his hat on, aud fiugeiingliis ruff, While, unfceen by either, away flew the Dame Through the opposite key- hule, tbe same way he came ; But, slack ! aud alas ! A mishap came to pass, In ber hurry the, somehow or oilier, let foil A new silk Bandana she'd worn as h sbrtwl ; Sbe bad U6ed it for drying Her bright eyee while crying, And blowing ber nose, as ber Beau talk'd of dviug 1 Now the Duke, who had seeu it eo lately adoin her, And kuew the great C with tbo Crown in the Tbe iuetaut be spied it, smoked something And eaid, with some encrgv, "D it! what's this f " Uevent borne in a fume, Aud bouueed into ber room, Crying, " So, Madam, I find I've some cause to be jealous ; . Look here !— here's a proof you run nfter tbe ! JVIJoJvfi ! j — Now take up that pen — if it's bad choose a i better— j And write, as I dictate, this moment a letter | To Moneicur— you know wbo 1 " Tbe L-uly looked blue ; But replied with much firmness—" Hang me if I do ! " De Guite grasped her wrist With his greet bony fist, And piuchM it, and gave it so paiuful a twist, That his hard, irou gauntlet the flesh weut au inch iu — Sbe did not mind death, but she could not stand pinching; So she 6at down aud wrote Tbu polite little note : — " Dear Mister St. Megrin, Tbe chiefs of tbe League in Our house mean to dino TLU eveniog at I eLfB, soon after ten, Slip away from tbe Aud you'd fiud me upstairs in tbe drawing- room then ; Come up tbe buck way or these impudent thieves Of servants will see vou ; Yours CiTJIUii.VE OF CU.YES.'' She directed and sealed it, all pale as a ghost, And De Guise put it into the Twopenny I'obt. St. Megrin had almsst jumped out of Lis akin Fur joy that day when the post came iu ; He read the note through, Then began it anew, And thought it almost too good news to be true. — He' dapp'd on his hat ' And a hood over tbat, With a cloak to disguice Lim, and make him look fat ; So.fireat Lis impatience, from half after four, He' was wailing till Ten at De Guise's back door. When be beard the great clock of St. Gene vieve chime He xan up tbe Lack staircase tlx steps at a time; He Lad acarce made Lis bow, He hardly j knew bow. When al&a; ! and alack i There was no getting bade, For the drawing-room door was bang'd to with a whack ; In vaiu be applied To tbe handle and tried, ; Somebody or other had lucked it uuttidc 1 ! Aud the Duchess iu ngouy mouined her mis- b.np, "We arc caught like a couple of rats in a trap." Now the Duchess's Page, About twelve years of age, For so little a boy wbb remarkably snge ; And just in the nick, to their joy and amaze ment, Popp'd lbe Gas-lighttr'a ladder close under (be casement. But all would not do— Though St. Megrin got through The window— below stood De Guise and hie And though never man was more brave thou St. Megrin, Tet fighting a score is extremely fotigmng ; He tbruet carte and tierce. Uncommonly fierce. But Dot Belzcbub'a eclf could their cuirasses pierce ; While his doublet and hose, BeiDg holiday clothes, Were soon cut through and through from his knees to his nose ; Still an old crooked sixpence tbe Conjuror gave Liin, From pistol and sword waa sufficient to cave bim ; But when beat on Lis knees, Tbat con founded De Guise Came behind with the " fugle " that caused all ' this breeze, Whipp'd it tight round Lis neck, and wbeo backward he'd jerk'd Lim, Tbe rest of tbe rascals juwp'd on Lim and Burk'd Lim. Tbe poor little Page, too,, himself got no ' quarter, but i Was served the same tray. And waa found the next day ' With his heels in the air, and his bead in the waier-DUU ; Catherine of Cleves Boar'd (< Murder!" and <a Thieves ! " From the window above Wliile they mur der'd her love ; TBI, finding the rogues had accomplished his slaughter. She drank Prusaic arid without any water, And died like a Doke-and-a-Duehess'e daugh- VOBAL. Take warning, ye fair, from this Ule of the BardV, And don't go where fortunes are told on the cards J But steer clear of Conjurors — never put query To " Wiee Mrs. Willis me/' or folks ntf Boggieri. When almoin your room ebnt the door close, «nd lode it ; . Above wll— KEFP TOOB-BAKDKEBOHIEP BASE . flrtoosncniTl., - i frnt you too should stumble and Lord lore. son flower, frfe, . Be adTd en1 rod 'fieri.!— to tell your -rod ; >"s»WilV i : ; Tfas etfeamrorvaSsm which sever Jsovea IJtfoiialffiorj.itfBthe, in tte jAmwndLeartEuesoultofbeaanyho jefjOtflfratfll ftdhJna ltrnlstiwik Sgfe ooiilmVould ban left ibe In 