THE MKRCUKY. B0BAR1': WEDNESDAY, JAN. 10, 1SS9 m ,, EPITOME OF NEWS. 'Legislative Council meets to-morrow after- noon. Franklin regatta will be held on 11th March next. _m, ,, Extraordinary meeting of Mutual Insur- ance Co. this afternoon. The s.S. Taranna mokes oxeursion to Eagle- hawk Nock to-day if weather permits. Appeals against city assessment will be heard this morning. Annual meeting of Tasmanian Fire Ir suranco Company, this morning at 11. Masonic Lodge, 3G2 I.C.moot this ovening at 8 o'clock, to accompany the W.M. to 801 B.C. ' Big Black Boom Military Parade this afternoon commencing at 3.30 through prin- cipal streets ol tho city, S.S. Oonah will make the annual visitors excursion trip on the 26th inst, down .D'Entrecastoaux Channel. - . - Fire at Burnie, on the 11th inst., destroyed some cottages and stables in centro block of tho town, Many business placos jeopardised. Wednesday half- holiday will not be ob- served this weok owing to'business establish- ments being closed yesterday. Concert in aid of tho Cottago Hospital will bo held at the Asylum Hall, New Norfolk, on Friday next. j Meeting of fruitgrowers last night affirmed necessity of establishing a central union for moro effective carrying out of export trade,1 and elected provisional committee. j Presentation of address and valuable! soutenir to Air. Maxwoll, S.M., at Ulvor-j stone, on Saturday last, on tho occasion of his leaving the district. I 'KingWilliam of Netherlsndris""sligrTtly' better. , "Forty applicants for tho Chair of Music in tho Melbourne University.' ' Potatoes still worth £24 to £25 per ton at, .Brisbane. , , .? , ? . Tho permanent retirement of King Milan from Servia is probable i Tho Pope presents gifts to Ireland valued at ten thousand pounds. . . -New'South iWales' Government havo re- cently refunded £I5ö,'Jj2 to pastoral lessees. The Russian army is being increased by a hundred thousand riflemen. " The Borneo Trading Company 'propose ' opening up a timber trade with Australia. ' ' Tho Prussian Diet ivas opened on Monday. Tho Emperor declaios that peace will pre- vail. ,''-'. "? ¡ The German Government propose »expend ting an additional two million marks in main- taining prestigo < in Eastern Afiica. i I Steamer Gulf of Guinea during squall on Monday went ashore, hard and fast, at 'Garden Island/Port Jackson. ' ' ' i 1 An impulsive momber of tho French' Cham- ber of Deputies has'tlireatened the Premier with an ounce of lead. ¡Latest reports state that thellov. C. H. Spurgeon is getting worse instead of recover- ing from his recent injuries. ' Tho Intercolonial Cricket Match Victoria v,.Now,South Wales has been won by the .latter by six wickets. i The Broughton-Daguan breach of promiso ,case,>a co«»« celebre, will shortly como before tho Law Courts in England. ' The ¿Standard protests against further endless repetitions of ovidenco before The Tmtfli-l'arnell Commission. Public meeting to ho held in Melbourne shortly to promote movement for sending eight-oared crew to England. The Panama Canal Company have been given another breathing space. They will be permitted to liquidate without a declaration of bankruptcy. Company to bo floated in London for con« struction of outer harbour at Largs Bay. South. Australia. 'Miss Cornwall'(Madame Midas) one of the promoters. , , A Syndicate.has been formed.for gold mining, in Butch-Borneo. Two hundred square miles of auriferous country have been secured. ' ' Colonel Templeton a present thorn in the side to Victorian Ministers.has semi-ofncially expressed readiness to receive a substantial solatium. ' ' '? Adherence to the sugar bounties conven- tion in Europe appears to be now dependent on freetraile, England excluding from her ports sugar cargoes from non-participating countries. Tho Some election in Paris is causing in- tense otcitomont, it bo ng virtually a trial of strongtlfbetween the' Republicans and the Boulaugists, Bonapartists, and Royalists combined. ' _ IN tho Houso of Assombly yostorday, Tho comtnltteo on a bill to provide for tho maintenance of certain main roods and the construction and improvement of tho streets of Hobart and 'Launceston, and'for 'subsi- dising road dwtrioto.'WM resumed. Tho whole question of the grantsUn-ald of reeds' tis discussed, and-à motion to report pro- gress was negatived. Tho first clause dealing" with tho grants for the maintenance of main roads was agreed to, but another long dis- cussion took place on the second clause, dealing with the aid to Hobart streets, when progress was reported on the motion of Sir. Burgess, and on a division of 13 to 8. The Houso adjourned at 10.50 p.m. till 4 o'clock next day. Tub receipt of a number of reports from the Milling Department ot Vic- toria, including tho annual report of the Secretary for Mines and Water Supply, has turned our at tendon, once more, to the subject of crushing and tho saving of the gold from tile quartz treated. Those who look over these reports cannot but be interested in the fact, that tho success of Victoria in gold-mining, so far as quartz is coucerned, is duet to the rapid and yet careful treatment of a large quantity of poor stone. Nor'is this tlio case in Victoria alone, though the stone there treated is less rich than in most of the other colonios where quartz mining is carried on. At Gympie, for example, the general average yield did not exceed an ounce to the ton lastyeur, yet a very largo sum in dividends was paid away, and the field is regarded as one of the richest in the whole of the colonies. Such stone in this colony, where mining still appears to be in what may be called the primitive stage, would be regarded as barely remunerativo, if, indeed, an average yield of au ounce to the ton could be made to pay as a general rule. It is evi- dent, therefore, that 'the miners of this colony have a great deal to leam from what is done elsewhere, before they will be able to turu to good accouut the enormous mass of auri- ferous stone which may be said to be waitiug to be worked. In another respect there is a great deal to learn everywhere, but in this Colony especially. We refer to tho treatment of pyrites, of which largo quantities are found in much of the auriferous stone now being worked, and which must contain a very considerable proportion of the gold. This sub- ject is thought of so much importance in |Victoria, that the Secretary for Mines, in his annual report, gives a nnmber of drawings of various ma- chines that have been invented lately for the treatment of pyrites, upon the value of which we are, of course, quite unable to pronounce an opinion. Yet, there have been established in Victoria, and notably at Sandhurst, for many years works for the treatment of pyrites, from which large profits have been made, and which have taken out ef the hands of the companies the treatment of this decidedly refractory material. Still the people of Victoria, with character- istic energy, are seeking now and better methods,although the works now actually established may be said to be very successful. The manager of the Band and Albion Co., Ballarat, for ex- ample, has placed a sum of money in a bank, which is to be given to anyone who discovers a moro satisfactory method of dealing with refractory oros than is known at the presenttime,which offer will, at all events, set a number of persons making experiments, that can, hardly fail to add greatly to the knowledgeolready acquired. That there is.'good reason for this desire to discover a better process may be learned from the statistics which have been pub- lished. It has been ascertained that from 1869 to the end of 1887 no less than 119,363 tons IScwt. of pyrites have been treated in Victoria, from which a yield of 252,240oz 13dwt. 5gr. of gold was obtained, or an averugo of 2oz 2dwt. 6'33gr. to the ton. During 1887 alone 4,541 tons of pyrites are known to have been treated in the colony, which gave a total yield ot 9,987oz ldwt., or an average to the ton of 2oz. 3dwt.i 23'66gr. Such yields as these are in-i centives to the development of 'thisj branch of mining industry, especially as it is generally believed that with, better processes very much1 larger re- turns would be obtained. ' } j We may, however, leave the new processes for the,present, and fix our attention on what we may call the -rough and ready methods of work. We have.firstjof all to learn to do here^ what has been done for a very long time past in Victoria, that is, to make an average yield of, say, halt/an ounce totheton pay. Quite recently theshuTe holders in the Jubilee Co., Mathinna, became quite despondent (because' their first crushing only gave them half an ounce.tothe^ton, and it 'was at once,declared,that- theiminoiwould not pay. Ot turned out afterwards'that a great deal ,of('gold had been,lost, a not ' uncommon occurrence at a first .crushing, »but1 oven'if'the yield ,hadj only 'been half on' 'burice'to the iton, there should have been' at least satisfaction, as 'there most /certainly would'have been if tho mino had been in Victoria. For, aS'a matter of fact, the general average for Victoria for the last ten yeai-s has only been half an ounce to the ton once, whilst in some years the general average has not much exceeded 8d\vts. This is a tact which cannot be too often insisted upon in this colony, where there is such a quantity of,what is called poor stone, which in any other.colony-would be thought to be decidedly rich. The following table shows the quantities crushed and the yields in Victoria for ten years : 1878.. 1879.. 1880... 1881... 1882... 1883.. 1881.. 1885. 1880. 1887 Quartz Gold Year. Crashed., ,Obtained. Avorago. tons cwt oz. dwt.gr. oz. dwt. grl 874,717 6 417,306 1 16 0 9 121» 849,324 1« {72,946 0 22 -O 8 1877 968,883 9466,404 7 l8 0 9 15OU 1,041,212 4 455,969 14 22 0 8 l8 2 1,027,826,13 463,463,4 6 0 .9 044 924,430 19440,686 9 2 0 9 1282 876,692 4 432,996 15 15 0 9 21D7 813,250 17 423,879 5 16 0 10 1-28 8JL375 0391,988 l8 13 0 0 10\il 780,733 3 367.519 1 23 0 0 W> Turning to the Various districts of that colony, we find that the average yields vary considerably, and that they have varied from year to year. In Ballarat the average per ton for a year has been as low as 5¿dwt., and the1 highest aveiage has barely reached 8dwt. to the ton. In the Beechworth dis- trict the lowest average was under 11 dwt. to the ton, and tho highest a little over lSdwts. In Sandhurst, or Quart/opolis, as it has been called, the lowest average yield was obtained' last year, namely, 8dwt. 713gr. to the ton, whilst the .highest for the ten years i has not much exceeded, ,13dwt. to'the ton. Fancy much 'an '? average v N k ri I ' è yield in this colony, where an öunco ito'the ton is regarded as .poor, »nd half an ounce'as ruin!^ The other mining districts of Victoria show about the same averages, with the exception of Gippsland, where tho yields are somewhat higher. In years gone by an ounce to the ton was not considered very largo for that dis- trict, but of late the yields have fallen off, and in 1887 the average was only 17dwt. 3-9Ggr. per ton. In this district is the famous Long Tunnel Company, which 1ms always been regarded as amongst the most profitable gold-mines dn tho world. Referring to this company, the Mining Registrar for the district, in his report for September, 1888, $ays :-'. For the present the manager reports that the company liavo at their No. 9 level a splendid reef, hard and solid, 3ft, wide for 300ft. in length, the crushings from which have yielded from 14dwt. to 15dwt. to the ton." In this colony such a reef would not be called " sploudid," but a miserable, unremunerativo run of quartz. _^^^ Tun annual regatta, which is properly designated Hobart's moat goneral public holiday, fully sustained its character yester- day, for the efforts of tho committee deserved all the success which au excellent day for the purposo enabled them to achieve. Not- withstanding the gloomy anticipation« of the preoediug day, the weather was in all respects favourable, and the very largo numbers of people assembled on tho Domain were able to enjoy themselves thoroughly with the good order and sobriety which is now such a marked feature of Tasmanian holiday gatherings. Still, while we are prepare! to admit, with au acknowledgment of tho gratitude due on the part of the public to the secretary and committee, the success achieved, we think this the,most fittiug time to point out a fow patent facts, and to .suggest some new departures which might make the regattas of the futuro more worthy, of the records of the past. It must not bei forgotten that tho Hobart Regatta is-the largest established aquatic fixture in Aus- tralasia, and,that at one timo a re- latively i much greater interest was taken' in it by all classes of the commu-¡ nity. Though the orowd assembled yo«-. terday and on Regatta Day in the threej or four preoediug yens was a great repre- sentativo gathering, the number was exceeded several times at a. period more romote.though the population has been increasing, and the general interost,w»9 certainly keener in the past. This oau in part be accounted for by the fact that people knew one another better in the old days, and that certain races which once commanded universal interest have fallen out of the programmo by the changes of time. But as theobjoot Uto provide a national holiday, those changes should bo taken into consideration, and efforts should be redoubled to mako the programme moro worthyof a national undertaking. At one time the five-oared whaleboat race was tho great race of the day, and an innovation mado yesterday in includiug a ship's boat raco was a signal success, reminding tho early residents of the whaleboat race. Then the native youths' raco was a great faaturo of tho old programmes, and though the circum- stances which gave it prominence have changed, its place could be supplied by a scholar's race, with crews representing tho various school». The yacht races have absorbed all the interest oneo monopolised by the barges and ketches, and the amateur rowers of the old days can hardly now be said to exist or toj have any reason for existence. The thing requires a fillip, and the time to maka some initiatory move is just now before tho subject is dismissed from the public mind. There is no reason why an effort should not be made to induce some of the champion scullers to visit the colony next year, or why prizes of £100 should not be obtained for an intercolonial yacht race, anti a champion four-oared race, and with those items on a programme the regatta of 1890 would eclipse the success of any preceding year. The Mayor of »ho City got himself in a quite extraordinary state 'of excitement in the Assembly yesterday, without any sufficient reason. While he was absent the member for Fingal called attention to the faot, for a fact it is, that- the; Council had had to borrow money last year to got the Government giant, and the honourable meniber thought that tho House should be oareful'in voting! a subsidy for Hobart on that account. On tho Mayor's return ho proceeded to tell the Houso that ho had been elected and the member for Fingal defeated, in a style which made most hearers laugh, and somo regret the exhibition. Ata subsequent stage¡the.mem- ber for Fingal repeated his statement for the benefit of the Mayor, who made another in- flated statement, evidently being very »oro about something. Tho only point winch requires notice in,that ho said an amount was standing out for uncollected rates, which could be got in, and wo ,presume that ho meant that tho overdraft would bo paid out of this! A little ' while , ago ' ho' denied that any such amount was outstaud- l iug, and also denied sundry other things wliicli.ha.vo been shown to be true, so that ho may be'said to be quite ignorant of the financial affairs of the Council. However, the House seemed te think that it had noth- ing to'do with such matters,'and we must say,we think that the Houso was rlght.j I The second reading of the Appropriation 1 Bill will be moved to day in the Assembly, when, wc suppose, there will be a i fresh discussion on tho finances. Publio opinion, so far as it exists in this colony, is setting steadily against the Ministry, as it has shown a disregard of all constitutional practice, and has ad- mitted that it is unablo to deal witii the financial situation. Wo miy fairly expect that new -difficulties ¡will arise, since it is quite improbable that Ministers will be allowed to have their own way, and we shall not be surprised to witness some lively scenes in tho Assembly , i itself, not to speak of what may occur else- where. All this will be the result of a departure, from the plainland safe courso of constitutional action. Legislative Council.-The Legislative i Council will meet to.mono -r afternoon for the despatch of business, and after soma half a dozen notices of motion hare baan disposed of the Orders of the Day will come on. The first of these is the Vaccination Amendment Bill, whioh has been re-initated on the nottco paper owing toi the long adjournment : then comes the Scab Bill, 1888, and the Trades Union Bill. After this come a number of Public Works Appropriation Bills, the Fisheries Regulation, Governor's Salary Re- duction, ami Defence Appropriation Bills, but it is hardly likely that the notice paper will be anything like cleared. The Cirv Assessment.-A iCourt of Special General Sessions of Justices of the Piacc residing within the city of Hobart will bo held in the Major's Courtroom at the Town Hall, at li o'olock this morning, to hear and determino appeals agaiust the assessment roll. Tiik 'Wkathír -Tho rainfall recorded yesterday tor 24 hours was :-Southport, .27 ¡ Mount Nelson, -37 ; Hobart, -27 ; Falmouth, 40 ; Swansea, 104 points. Unclaimed Telegram.-A mesiage ad- dressed " H. Kinsale," awaits an owner at tho telegraph 'office, ' ! 'Richmond Libbarv.-A meeting of sub- scribers to the library is advertised to take' place on Saturday at'8 p.m.1 " ' . \- Oman CiiAnais Shkbt.-There was no buiinesB at tho City Polloo Court yestonUy. Couivr of Bkvisiok. - Tho Electoral Revision Court for the Huon district will bo held at Franklin on the 4th prox. Society of Frusnus. - To-night Mr. William Jones will give au address on " Tho principles of the Society of Friends," in the Murray-street Mooting House. Masonic- To-night the installation of the W.M. elect (Bro. J. G. Steele), and oilicers | of thePacifio Lodgo, No. 801, K.C., takes place. Tho oilicers and brotliron of.the Tas maniau Union Lodgo are requested to attend, i CiiukcK Mbbtino,-A moo ting of the morn- ' beis of tim congregation of 'tho cure of New' Town is convened for Friday next in tho Sun- day schoolroom, when thu account« for the paBt year will boproBcntedandchurchwordcns elected for tlio ensuing year. A subsequent mooting will bo hold to oloot two synodsmon. ÜNTKnTAiNMENT at Bklliiuvk -A musi- cal entertainment will be given this evening in tho Bellerive Instituto, in aid of St. Matthew's Church, Rokeby. A special steamer will run for tho convenience of Hobart visitors, leaving at 7*30 p.m. ,. Mutual Union iNsunANOK Company. An extraordinary general meeting of share- holders in this company will be held at tlio Mutual Provident Chambers at 4 o'elook this afternoon, to confirm a resolution re spcoting the mansgor of the company as passed on the 21st nit. Eaolkiuwk Nkck.-Should the woathor permit the s.s. Taranna is announced to make an excursion to Eaglehawk Neck to- day, leaving Hobart at 8 a.m. Ample timo will be allowed at the journey's end to visit the distinctive natural features of the place before returning home. Accident -Au accident occurred yester- day in the Domain, the results of which, though not fatal, were very serious. A lad named Herbert Payne, aged 15, who had buen riding on one of tho swinging boats, dropped a shilling,piece, and, having picked it up, was in the aot of rising when the boat struck him in the face and knocked him down, tile force of the blow rendering him unconscious. He wai immediately conveyed to the hospital, and attended to by Dr. Payne. HOSPITAL ITEMS. - The following cases were received and attended to at the General Hospital yesterday :-Charles Car- penter, aged 8 years, residing at Ridgeway, dislocated elbow; Julia Driver, 55, cut eyelid, caused by a swinging boat on the Domain ; Dan. Peardon, 28, scalp wound, sustained through a fall from the passage boat Lenna. The following were admitted : -William Pearce, a sailor employed on board tho barque Crummock Water, crushed foot. Franklin'Rimmtta.-A public meeting was held in the institute on Saturday even- ing, the 12th inst., and after the balance sheet, showing £1 10*. on the credit sida, had been read and adopted, it was decided tbst tho regatta be held an Marah 11 next at Fianklin. Tho following committee Was then appointed :-Messrs. H. Watson (chair- man), J. Clark, Leitch, Sampson, Gallagher, O'Beirno, Surplici, Moad, Cuthbert, and W. Thomas (lion, sec.) The baUnce- shcot of the Sailing Boat Club, of which llttlo has' bean heard for the patt , year or two, was also read, showing £3 to tbe credit ; and it was decided to hold a meeting at au early dati! to consider whether or not tho olub should bo 'wound up. ! Palace' ¡skaxinq - Rink. - In spite of counter attractions this popular placo of, amusement continues as gnat a favourite as| ever. Last night there was a large number, of skaters and onlookers, and everything' passed ¡ off in the best manner possible., During tho evening Master Willie Whelan! gave an exhibition of artistic and fancy skating, and the difficult evolutions be per-1 formed called forth repeated and well deserved applause. Tho management an- nounce that to-night will be u fashionable one, and that on Thursday night general skating will bo indulged in. The rink will positively close on Saturday night, and no doubt lovers of the " rollers " will fully avail themselves of thu few days still at their disposal. Pbkskntat on at Ulverstone.-On the 12th inst., at the Ulverstone Town Hull, an address, signed by an influential body of the residents in West Devon, was presented to Mr. Maxwell, the late Stipendiary Magie tra'c. It congratulated him on his promo- tion, while expresiiug sense of loss at his departure from the district. During many years' residence ha had endeared himself to many and earned the conlidenco of all. His career hud evinced the highest instincts of a gentleman, seconded by the goodness and social amiability of Mrs. Maxwell. In token of their appreciation ucceptanco wat solicited of a memento, the result of spontaneous and unsolicited contributions, together with earnest wishes for the happi- ness and prosperity of himself and family. Tue address was read by Dr. Speucer in the presence of a number of the subscribers, und accompanied by the presentation of a large lounging chair, handsomely upholstered, which boro the following inscription on a silver plate :-.' Presented to P. C. Maxwell, Esq., S.M., on his departure from Ulver-i stone by friends and well-wishers,'in token of his efficient and conscientious discharge of his duties. December 31, 1838." This was supplemented by a cheque for £11 Hb., 'the balance of tlio subscriptions, to bo de- voted to the purchase of a souvenir accept- able to Mr s. Maxwell. Tho recipient and several others were much affected on this, the final act of his long residence at Ulver- stone. Among the signatures wero IO Je.P. and leading representatives in tho district. ( ' Destruction or Rabbits.-The following appeared in the "Brisbane Courier" of the 3rd inst. :-Tho Minister for Lands of New South Wales has received from the rabbit 'iotpectorof the Menindio distriot a letter (addressed to the inspector) showing what oan be dono in tho way of rabbit destruction by perseverance and determined efToit. Tlio letter ia as follows :-" Rochdale, Menindic, September 28, 1888. Dear Sir, ro rabbit proof fencing. I have 'the whole of my ground enclosed with it. The day you were ere I believe there was one gateway un finished, but 'that was completed on tho following day. Sinco 1 finished tho fencing: I have killed over 20,000 rabbits ofF my homestead loase, that is, from tho 1st August to l8- September. I havo destroyed considerably more than that number, us we havo picked up very few of tho poisoned ones. I have been killing them principally with dogs. 'I havo four parties rabbiting, and one pal ty alone has 54 dogs. Altogether there are ahout 100 dogs used on my nome s:oad lease. Dm ¡np the month of August I was giving Id. eich, but this month have ! reduced the prico to '¿«1. I am now, starting two phosphoriaing machines nt work, as what few rubbita' are loft àtick so closo'to their burrows that it ia very difficult to got at them with the dogs. I kvould strongly recommend all small . holders of laue', to _fenco_ with .rabbit proof feuciug, an I believe it to hu tho only moans of getting rid of them. I intend to keep on destroy- ing 'the rabbit! while I ' can find one alive. My fencing cost at the rate of £80 a ! mile, .but wire netting ¡b much cheaper now than when Iipuichuseil minc. Of con rao I put up a much moro substantial feúco than is required hy Government Tho nature of mina¡b posts 10ft npirt, with four wires of No. 8 gauge, nud wiro netting 42in. wide, lim. mesh, sunk in tho ground Um., and securely lashed to tttb wire fenco with nine ties to every panel. I hopo you will try und make this as public as possible, as it may be the means of making my neighbours do like- wise. I feel confident I can keep the peat down. I have sent 10,000 of tho rabbit skins to town,'and'have now about 0,000 skins' ready to go.' It ;is a great 'pity the New South Wales Government will not com pensateus in somo way. Yours'faithfully (signed) Rioiiaiid Dawks. . Some Fiwny Tbanslatidns.-One acv oountof the late German Emperor'sfoneral, writes David 'Ker in " Harper's Weekly," stated that the sermon was preached ou a text from " the Book of Jacob "-a hitherto unknown portion of Holy writ-the real words being the "Kpiatlo of , James " (Jakob). An English translation of a Ger- man novel rendered f'Ich ,babe einen Gast bekommen " (I have got a guest) by "Ihave becomo a ghost." Another trans- formed'" foodiforreptilea"linto "the Diet of Worm-." In a french version of "Guy Mannering" the phrase '"a stick it minister (unsuccessful prescher) figured as " un ministre assassiné." Nor'are the title«-of books a less fruitful field of mistranslation than their contents. A Vienna translation of George Eliot's " Felix Holt, the Radical," was entitled "Felix ¡ Hold the Rascal !" ' The play of " Love's Last Shift," was re iproducerl in Palis as " La Dernière Chemiao do 1* Amour." Rob Boy figures In Russia as Bob the King, " Roy " having been confused with " Roi." A similar misconception turned " Mémoires de"Roy d' Argens 'Mnto "Memoirs cf a Silver King "-an oxploic almost rivalling that of tho ,,farmor who named a pet rooster "Robinson' beciiuBe lie " crow so " .But tho palm of inistraiislation is certainly due to au English- man who some years «go caine to a foreign teacher to bo " finished " in Gunnan, and was asked to write a sentcuco in colloquial Kuglish, arid theil' fo translata it. Ho. ' wrote : " Ho has bolted, nud has not settled -lila l>ill,".trantltttingithy "Erhat verriegelt,' und liat'nicht cinsiedolt seiuon Schnabel," "'Verriegeln"i meaning "to bolt.a'deor,'" "einiiedetn" to "settle M'a.wlooW,'''surd .'Schnabel" »tho bill of a bird," tr/ia extraordinary sentence really signified, " He has driven in a bolt, and bus nat colonised his beak." Tuk Codlin Moth in Ssdth Adstralia. -Tho "Register"..says that owing, as alleged, to tho perfunotory manner in which many owners of orchards; in ami about Adolaido whoso gardens were last year infested with the codlin moth carried out tho instructions of tho inspectors to deal 'with it, the pest has this your assumed alarming proportionsr and grave fears ,aro entertained tint Ibo ravages of tho insect will destroy a very large pioportion of tho apple and pear crops. "No leis than 1!) fresh gardens uro infected, and as these include orchards at ItanltBidc, Goodwood, Fullarton, Coro- mandel Valley, Hackuoy, and Kent Town, as well as the city proper, it will be seen that the codlin moth has gained a firm footing in the colony, and only most deter- mined action on the part of gardeners will proveut it spreading. Tho inspectors under the Insect Post Act have bosii very much disappointed at tho apathy of ownors of gardens, and although some have done their best to stay the evil, others have dono ap- parently very little, and it is probable that power will be sought to punish somo of the worst offenders." As a means of abating tho evil n list of the gardens affected is published. _ 