Jbondon Gossip. November 3 Truly there is no renao of humor amongst these Unionists. H ere is M r Charles V illiers crackir g one of the best jokes of (he yrar, and hie fr enos era too dull to see it H e hears that his constituency is to be vitited by Lord H artmgton, so he writes a long L iter, which is duly read by the chairman at the meeting The point of thin episile is that, in M r V illiers’ optoioD, it is high time th a t Lord H artingt n told the country what ought to be done for " tbe future government of Ireland, so as to satisfy “ Liberal thinking men.” Fancy this being solemnly read a t a meeting to which Lord Harrington proceeded to make his stock speech about the wickedntS8 of M r Giadttone. The future government of Ireland Mis jnat w hat this painfully shortsighted nobleman cannot possibly talk about, for he has no id-’as on tbe subject. W e have read a great deal about the •* New Liberals." and here ib tbe Duke of M arlborough kindly enlightening us about the •• New 'lories." To be a New Tory yon have only to regard (he Liberal programme as “ e aeries of impudent shame," to denounce every reform of the land laws, and to vote in favor of the State doing something or other for the laborers. Y ou see it is quite caey to be a New Tory—quite as easy as it is for a duke to write trash. There is a disinclination among6t the Tories to declare outright against the principle of “ one man one vote." Recoil, ctions of the quantity of leek they have had to eat in tho history of Parliamentary ref.-rm make them wary. But there is a scientific Tory named Lilly who rebukoB this faint-heartedness. One man one vote," he says, is opposed to science. To allow any man with money enough to possess as many votes as his property qualification will perm it to pure reason. So if Colonel North should make it bis business to acquire fagect votes, it would be unscientific to stop h.m. No, there is no humor in the Tory mind. Radicalism is going to sweep the country a t tbe general election, 'th at is the opinion of M r Frederick Greenwood, who wants to know what the Government doing to atom tbe (ide. H is answer th at they are trying to plea Chamberlain by pretending to be Radicals. So honest Conservatism disheartened, and tho Government v be swept away by a Radical agitation which W ill carry Home Rule and other wful things. M r Greenwood is not a bad prophet. The ghost of Pigott haunts Printing House Square. H e must have sent fhiver through the marrow of Mes-:_ Buoklp and Macdonald when U r Davitt recalled the interesting circumstance that in 1871 Pigott accused the Times of forgery, and in 1887 he forged fc r the Times. That is the irony of late if you like ; but who cuppoees tbat the chain of coincidence will end there ? The Pigott tradition will not be easy to drop. M r Labonchere's interest iu the exfMinting House Square. H e writes a osure of Pigott is not forgotten in letter ^ of recommendation to a private detective, and the Times refuses to publish thie as part of an advertisement. No doubt M r Labouchc~e’s performances in detective line are disagreeable reminiscences (o the Times, but to boycott him in the advertisement columns is childish spite.' W hy isn 't 8ir H enry James denounced by *he Times ? H e actually handed over bis bottte of egg flip to Michael D avitt when th a t nourishment was brought down to the Commission Court by his nieoe. who mistook the day when he was to.begin his speech. If this was not a conspiracy we should like to* know what is. H ere i6 Michael D avitt defending thoic dreaded Irish-Americana, and f ere w Sir H enry Jam es aiding and abetting him with egg flip, and hrre is a niece with a luncheon basket assisting Uncle Henry to defeat the case fur (be Times. Since th e days of "chops and tomato sauoa " and M r Pickwick, there never was auoh a dark design. And tbe worst of it is tb at is quite as convincing as the Attorney General's brief against M r Parnell and his colleagues. The Lyceum pittites continue to ra g e ; b at it is a pity they are not acquainted with all the facts. They offer M r Irving all manner of suggestions,as if he were a perf. otly free agent. Thie is not the case. M r Irving does not own the covered passago which leads to his pit oor. There is another perron to be n iu lte l, and th a t is tbe publican who keeps tbe adjoining tavern. Every vening a number of persons emerge from the tavern door right iu the middle of the passage and plant themselves in front of people who have been waiting patiently or houra. No w.nder there is a scrimmage, but th at is not tho fault of M r Irviog. These farts are worthy of consideration by the angry pittites. M r Irving is powerless in th at pat age B e cannot ereol barriers, or carry out any of tbe brilliant ideas which be receives by every post. I t costs him no inconsiderable sum very week (o subsidise tbe police who keep order. He makes every effort to put a little public spirit into tbo publican. Of course, ho might buy out this worthy, and carry on the tavern himself, with a retired comedian from his staff to play Boniface behind tbe bar. B ut “ Benry Irving, licensed to sell beer and tobacco," would not look well ovor the doer. M rs Kendal says she rejeoted " J im the Penm an" because the thought the idea of a husband forging his wife's igoature to a cheque would destroy tbe ym pathy of an audience. J t so happens that (he scene in which M rs Ratoton discovers this very forgery in one of the most effective incidents ever played in the modern theatre. The public may be ju st a lillte tired of the 44 Dcad-Q.cart- cum-T'ale of-Two- Cities" controversy. M r John Coleman makes it clear tb a t (lie play was written before the novel. But no sane person supposes th at Dickens ever did or could we anything to W atts Phillips, or that the angry assertions of the playwright tb at he was the victim of plagiarism can impose on anybody outside of Karlswood. The late George OraiksbanV, who was a more considerable personage tban W atts Phillips, persuaded himself that he was the real author of " Oliver Twist,” but the craze died with him. There is cerainly no necessity to discuss the delusion tb at " The Dead H eart" inspired a "Tale of Two Cities. ’ M r George Moore was once lucky enough to advertise himself by promkiog M r Irving to answer him in a speech. Ho 1 trying tbe same little game again. In the Fortnightly Review ho says he admires M r Irviog “ as a shopman and despises him as an artist.” There i s , nothing at the Lyooum b ut an appeal to tho basest instincts of a show-loving public. I t is to be hoped tb at M r Irviog will not let himself be drawn again by a critic of violent adjectives and thumping superlatives and aggressive ignorance. i t was M r George Moore, by the w ay,, who said that he would give up "Hamlet,” " M aobeth,” and " Romeo and Ju liet,” in order to retain Balzac. W o should give the public just as .useful a piece of information if we said tbat to keep Shakespeare and Balzeo we would cheerfully give tip M r George Moore,—E x­ change* 