A TEMPEST IN A LOCAL TEAPOT. ('to the editor.) Sir, — I take the liberty of forwarding you one of the local papers, published here twice a week. You will see by it just a slight specimen of the glowing terino in which Irishmen are depicted for the edification of their Australian, Scottish, and English neighbours, by the editor — a decayed tradesman, whose bigotry outstrips his educa tion, and who came to be a journalist (save the mark) a little before the apparition of the never to-be-forgotten Kiama Ghost. His advent and tippieuoiutisijip tu juiuiitAUfciu wim uy means 01 a public subscription raised partly from Irishmen and Catholics. Here are 3ome of the choice missiles which he occasionally flings at our heads : ' True Irishmen cannot be true Christians. The true Irishman of our day is a Land Leaguer, and the Land Leaguer is a murderer and a rebel.' Here is another choice allusion from one of his correspondents : — ' The Irish are cowards, and only fight in packs like wolves, and wait behind a hedge for their prey.' Those sentiments will show, Mr. Editor, what Christian charity our local editor and some of his correspondents carry in their breasts for their Irish neighbours and fellow colonists ; but I am happy to say that there are znany good men here, not Catholics or Irish, who scorn such language and those who use it. In the last number of the local paper large extracts are given from a pamphlet entitled ' A. Pearl of English Ehetoric, by Thomas Qarlyle, the English Chartist Lecturer.;'' Tfris paiapilet is better known to the world outside of Ghostly Kiama as the 'squelching' proposal, as the fol lowing extract explains : — ' If Tipperary [Carlylesque for Ireland] try to obstruct England in this terrible enterprise, Tip perary, I can see, will learn better, or meet a doom that makes me shudder. Conquer England; bar the way of England ? About as rationally might a violent-tempered starved rat, extenu ated into frenzy, bar the way of a rhinoceros. The frantic extenuated smaller animal cannot bar the way of the other, but can bite the heels of the other, till it lift its broad hoof, squelch the frantic smaller animal, and pass inevitably on.' This surely must have tickled even the satiated palates of the bigots of Kiama. With regard to the savage ' sage' himself, he reminds me of a stranded whale, great in the broad ocean but help less when stranded. So with Carlyle, great in the ocean of literature and intellect, but in dealing with Ireland and Irishmen, his irrational pre judices, which blinded him to their sufferings and persecutions, left him stranded on the shoals of intolerance and inhumanity. In conelu&ion; I am inclined to think that neither Thomas Carlylo nor his publishers were proud of this ' Pearl of English Ehetoric,' for the reason that it does not appear in any of his published works. I am yours very truly, A BAN.9HA MAN. Kiama, June 10, 1889. Elsewhere in this issue appears an announce ment that E.T. Walsh, tailor, late of Bathurst street, has opened business premises more suitable to, hia expanding business at 526 George- street, where he is prepared to carry out orders from both town and country ,in the beat materials, of which he has a large 'and varied stock. Mr. W ahh makes the manufacture of clerical garments a specialty of his establishment. 'I i ? :__? 