PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY JttOBNING. s SATURDAY, MARCH 80, 1889. v--, .V v- I^'.pcal News. ,:.i: a 'TYPHOID.-^-We. are glad to. bo able to state that the patients in the few cases of typhoid fever in \- ? Penrith are now- convalescent, and no: new cases liave occurred. s - ' ir.'DEAi'.-A Person cured of Deaf ness and noises in the head of 23 years' standing by a Simple Remedy, ? will send a description.of it frco to any Person who . applies toNichoIson, 65, William-street, Melbourne. . i , 'COIiEirANE & SONS, THE TilEB OF -LIFE, a pare extract from the Eucalypte tree,'awarded gold . medal,'Adelaide Exhibition, etc.i-beating all com petitors. Sold everywhere. BEWARE' OF IMITA \- TIONS. . . .. - .u' WESLEYAK CHITBOH.-On- Sunday. evening the IleV, J. Phillips will deliver a lecture in the Wes leyan' Church Penrith, subject, " The importance of the Temperance enterprise to the-working-man." Service at 7. 15. \- . BX-PUBMIEB AT PKNHITH.-Thebig Protectionist "meeting for forming a branch of the National Protection Association of New South Wales, and at -which Mr. G. It. Dibbs the Ex-Premier, will among others give an address, takes place to-night at the Temperance Hall, Penrith, The chair will be taken by the Mayor at 8 o'clock. CBIOKET.-In the match to be played at Castle reagh to-day, between the Our Boys C.O. and the' Castlercagh C. C.the following members of theformer .ab have been selected to play viz., A. Xaing, J. .Iderson, E. Byrnes, M. Oleeve, W. Dent, C. Payne, G. Glasscock, W. Combo, P. Smith, W- Inning, and A.i Murray. < Play commences at 2.30. p.m. j -' I CAUGHT AT LAST.-On Friday morning, Alfred Jackson (the party who saw the Claremont ghost) and Henry Small were arrested on a charge of larceny from the premises. We believe there are several other charges pending. Sergt. Beatty and Constables Mosely Russel and Bressington have been on the alert for some time in plain clothes. A WORTHY OBJECT.-It is announced in our advertising columns that Mr. J. Hesford, who conducted such a successful season of skating at Penrith last season intends giving a skating and danc- ing entertainment at the Temperance Hall on Wednes- day night next in aid of Mr. James Chisholm, of Station-street who has been unable to work for many months. The affair should be well patronised. NEPEAN RIVER INSPECTION.-Yesterday (Fri- day) forenoon, Mr. S. E. Lees, the member for the Nepean, visited Penrith, accompanied by Mr Albert Josephson, engineer of the Harbours and Rivers Department, and with Messrs. Turnbull, Litton and Rowe and our representative, proceeded up the river to examine its condition as regards the snags and piles with a view to their removal. They only returned late in the afternoon just as we were going to press, and a full report will appear in next issue. ADVANCE SPRINGWOOD.-A public meeting will be held at Springwood next Friday evening for the purpose of forming a progress committee. The formation of these committees in small localities tend to take the place of a Municipal Council, and in their hands matters locally go on very much better. We earnestly request our readers who are residing within 7 miles of Springwood, and have the interest of that rising locality at heart to at- tend this meeting. LIGHT SKIFF RACE.-Entries will be received up till Monday night next for Howe's light skiff race, and for the Peurith Bowing Club light skiff race, both of which will be in best and best light skiff. The entries so far, locally, are very fair, and there are any number of promises outside, from persons who intend competing. \ For Rowc's light skiff race a capital afternoon's sport will bo provided for in addition to tlje various heals for the race, there will be a natatorial ^exhibition iby Messrs. Hilling Brothers, and there will be some swimming matches for boys. Nomination for Bowe's skiff race is 7s Cd. and acceptance 2s Cd. Entrance for the Penrith Bowing Club's skiff race £1. Mr, Sykes will act as starter, ' STATUTORY DECLARATION.-I, Franz Raabc. Ironbark, Sandhurst, in the colony of Victoria, Australia, do solemnly and sincerely declare that on the 25th June, 1877, my son Alfred, six years os age, was accidentally hurt with an axe on the knee, I at once took all paius to secure medical assistance. However, in spite of all efforts, on the 27th August, 1877, the opinion was given by Dr. Macgillivray that an amputation of the injured limb liad_ become imperative, in order to save life. At this juncture I called on Messrs Sander and Sons, procuring some of their Extract of the Eucalypti Globulus, and by the application of the same I had the satisfaction of seeing my son within a fortnight out of all danger, and to-day lie has recovered. I may just add that it was. when the crisis had been reached that the Extract referred to was first applied. And make this solemn declaration, etc.,-Franz Raabe. Declared at Sandhurst, in the colony of Victoria, Australia, this seventeenth day of October, one thou sand eight hundred and seventy-seven before me, Moritz. Cohn, J.P.-(Advt.) ! 