A London Letter. — (From a London Lady.) LONDON, March 23. I am fairly off color (to use a colonial phrase, this week) and my letter will be of the stupid—most stupidest description. First and foremost, I only know a little to interest people of W. A. Mrs. Singer, who was a Miss Grahame, and originally haled from Tasmania and who for a time abided at Albany, W.A., was presented at Court. ' dined with them one night last week. Mrs. Singer's father and mother were present, and are stopping with them. They are nice people. I hear Mr. Singer has made Mrs. S. a splendid settlement, and that she has settled £1,000 a year on her mother, and £100 a year on each of her sisters. Her house is simply scrumptious. flowers of all sorts abound in every corridor, the furniture is perfect, the curtains and draperies perfection, the carpets " nearly knee deep." Mrs. Singer herself is a splendid figure and a most attractive lady. Being a colonial myself I chummed with her at once and she told me the history of her marriage—it was love at first sight, a run away match; and now everything is happy. She has nine servants, two carriages, and seven horses. Mr. Singer is a very quiet man, and, although he is rolling in wealth, is of a most religious and charitable turn of mind. I cautioned Mrs. Singer as to being too liberal to Professional beggars. I wish my husband had tackled sewing machines instead of Banking. Old Lady — had a grand time of it at the Drawing Room. For presenting Miss — (whose father is a " Brummagen" man) she got £500. The old hag i s getting, it is said, £100 a week for introducing the girl to impecunious "lords and dooks." Two odditi es were manifested by the Queen as s he left the Royal train, which have only to be mentioned to be immediately copied by everybody who regards the Queen as the leader of fashion. Firstly, she walked with the asssistance of a big stick, disdaining the arm of an admiral who, besides carrying many other honours, is a V.C.; and, secondly, on her reaching the Royal yacht, she proceeded to the sacred apartments on the main deck, walking downstairs backwards ! This is Her Majesty's favourite mode of going downstairs, as it prevents giddiness. Probably many ladies will now adopt this unfeminine habit, just as they adopted a universal limp at a certain period in the history of fashion! I daily rejoice I am no Queen, and nothing more or less than an Australian female Journalist and Novelist The number of papers I take in is enormous, and as I am on the staff of no less than 43 colonial papers. I can find in the columns of the Society papers enought to keep up my correspondence with all. I said I was off color ! and who would not be, after a week of London life. I have not seen bed before 3 o'clock for ten days. My routine is as follows:—Rise at 9, 10, 11, or 12 o'clock; breakfast in bed. Read newspapers in bed and clip out amusing extracts; lunch at 12-30; write till 2 o'clock; drive and shop till 5; sleep till 7; dress and dine (if at home) 7-30; go to roulette parties, theatres, concerts, suppers, (I don't object to bachelors suppers) and then go home. I have the loveliest of "pill- box Broughams" (Maberly) in the world, and got it through writing " hard on" for 100 hours. Now let us look at the Queens of Europe. A paper says:—One good result of the abdication of King Milan is that Queen Nathalie will at once return to Servia. She will take up her residence at Kragujevatz, and will no longer be separated from her son. What is to be the future of the lady who monopolises the ex-King's affections is not yet known. Rumour has it that she is trying to persuade her lover to migrate to Paris, where she could head his table, and share his pleasures without being ostracised, by the people of that easy-going city. In. Belgrade, however, it is asserted that Milan is already tired of Madame's importunities and extravagance, and seeks to make his abdication an excuse for breaking off the liaison. Certain it is that the lady 's face has lately assumed a most dissatisfied expression, and as she is a very bad hand at concealing her feelings, it is possible that the latter rumour is correct Now Really, poor Queen Emma of Holland has a very hard time of it! It is bad enough to have a husband reported moribund, every other day, for several years; but when he is a terrible sufferer from internal disorders, skin disease, and fits of suffocation, and refuses to be waited upon by anybody except his consort, her duties become severe. Nobody but the Queen is suffered to give him the fruit and the cooling drinks, which must be frequently administered; he will take no medicine save from her hands; and even the lager-beer, and extract of malt which he insists on being supplied with lose all their power to soothe this wayward invalid unless his fair consort pours them out ? If the old man holds on much longer, the prayers of Christendom ought really to be invited for this much-enduring and heavily tried young wife of a supremely unpleasant sick Sovereign. I have seen the name of Hamersley in papers from W. A The following is of interest to them :—The air appears to be quite heavy and charged with Duchesses. " Hamersley, Duchess of Marlborough" as she is called, opened the ball, then came a young Duchess of Newcastle, then we were promised a Duchess of Portland, and now, alas, that most beautiful and charming of ladies, the young Marchioness of Stafford, is not to be the next Duchess of Sutherland inasmuch as her father-in-law has thought fit to take a second wife to his ducal bosom. To find Mrs. Blair mistress of Stafford House, Dunrobin, and Trentham will indeed seem strange, but we very shrewdly surmise it will seem most especially odd to that worth lady herself, who can hardly at any time in her life have aspired to the strawberry leaves. Quite a number of noble families are plunged into mourning by the sudden demise at Nice of the Earl of Portarlington; and the dressmakers are bemoaning their sorrow afresh, in that, if there is ever a momentary lull in Court mourning, several of the leading aristocracy are sure to give up the ghost, and put off all sorts of gaieties and damp the ardour of female customers in quest of gay raiments. When will that lugubrious custom of arraying ourselves in " grief by the yard," and signifying our feelings by the depths of crape we purchase, be abolished, we wonder ? It is not often that the death of an Irish landlord calls forth such warm expressions of sorrow as Lord Portarlington's. The mourning of the farmers and peasants on his estates in Queen's County was as general and sincere as if each one of them had lost a near relative. And little wonder, too, for, from the very day Lord Portarlington inherited his estates to the day of his death, the well-being of those dependent upon him was his first consideration. He literally lived among his tenants, taking a friendly interest in all their concerns, and being always ready to help them in the hour of need with a timely present, the value of which was enhanced manifold by the kindly manner in which it was given. Lord Portarlington was himself a thorough Irish- man, with all the courteous kindliness and ready wit that distinguish his race. Of all the crazes which have afflicted Society, of late years, that of palmistry holds out the longest. Spirit rappings and table-turning had their day, but they soon went out. Chirognomania evidently takes, especially with the ladies. It is by no means uncommon to see in a drawing-room a group of eager, gushing girls around a knowing individual whom they are pestering to tell thier fortunes. Draw near and you hear something like this:—" Yes, there is a marriage line in your hand. Your marriage ought to be happy when you are about twenty-two." Another girl puts forward a little pink paw when the delineator discovers a mole. " Ah! a mole on a woman's left hand shows disaster in love matters, or a man's ill-luck with horses or cattle." Then come questions from all about moles. Every body has one or knows some one who possesses one of these adornments. The Times is out of luck, all sorts of insulting rhymes are being made up. I hear from my newspaper vendor that she does not sell half as many copies of the Times as she used to. Perhaps the best rhyme is the following:— AN ALPHABET FOE THE " TIMES." A was the article printed and sold, B the great Buckle who squandered his gold C the Commission which sat to inquire, D is the doubter no facts can inspire. E is the letter which Pigott misplaced, F the real forger the Parnellites traced; G is the gold which was scattered like chaff, H the wise Houston, too clever by half. I's the Invincible gone for his trial, J the great judge who indulged in a " smile K is the King (uncrowned) wrongly accused, L the forged letters so shamelessly used. M is Macdonald so sure of his ground, N the new dividend now going round; Oh! is the cry that we raised, one and all, P the famed Pigott who caused the Times' [fall. Q's the Q.C., who has shown up the fraud, R poor old Richard whom none will applaud; S stands for Soames, is he good man or knave? T for the Times he in vain tried to save. U is the Union which brought this about, V the great vict'ry for which we now shout; W is Walter, the " Boss" of the Times, X the example shown up in these rhymes. Y ? is the question now asked everywhere, Z the great zanies who 'gainst Home Rule [swear. 