THE CENTENNIAL MAGAZINE. To West Australians, the article of most interest in the August number of the Centsn nial Magazine will be that by Sir Thomas Campbell, on " Western Australia and her political aspirations." Having already re- published it at length in this paper, it is not necessary to say much of its contents. Those who have read it and at the same time have a competent knowledge of the subject, will admit that the article is a model of masterly condensation, and that, no fuller or more general knowledge of the colo- y would be imparted in the same space. Mr. W. B. Wort fold discourses on a topic of perennial interest, " the modern ghost." Taking as the text of the Psychical Research Society, he urges that a ghost when found, should be made a note of, in other words that the chain of evidence should as far as possible be rendered complete by the description in writing, of the super- natural visitation, directly after it has occurred. In cases where warning has been given of illness, sudden death i, or accident, such testimony would be -is liable, but hitherto it has proved 11 but is missing link. Another article, on a somewhat connate thama, is by Mr. James I inglis, M.P., on Indian conjuring. The marvel! his feats of Eastern jugglers are a twice told tale to most of us, but one that will bear repeating, and Mr. Inglis succeeds admirably in his task. Mr. G. B Barton writes feelingly on " the status of literature in New South Wales. How the Government look at it The Government, it is evident, do not look at it from Mr. Barton's standpoint, nor indeed from that of literary men generally. In fiction a new story by Rolf Boldrewood is begun, and gives every promise of running an interesting course. "The Unseen Foe," short story, is brought to an abrupt and painful conclusion by the disappearance of the heroine from the bridge of a steamboat. The illustrations are fully up to the standard we have learned to expect from this well equipped monthly, and the general result, both literary and artistic, of the August number, is excellent. 