THE STORY-TELLER. A RED LIGHT ON THE HILLS. By F. W. Bobikson, Author of "Grandmother's Money," "The Courting of Mary Smith," &a;, ic. I wonder if it was something more than chance that took me into the heart of North Wales, earl; in the new year of 18—, Toe theoaophists—the mystery men of the now aohool—might possibly be able to aooonnt for it; but then a matter-of-faot man of means— I may call myself that now—does not believe in theosophy or anything else, eave himself. And yet, thinking of it these long years after wards, it hardly looks like ohance or coinci dence, bnt is a something more than that, and which is not to be measured by the rule and square of any philosophy nnder the sun, I have not been able to acoonnt for it; perhaps the reader may be wiser than 1 am—who knows?—and evolve some answer from those keener perceptions bv whioh he has been blessed or oursed. For to see things too clearly is eurely not an unmixed blessing;" it has itB disadvantages, and has turned a man before this againBt bis fellow creatures, and taught him how to hate them. I am not clear sighted. The glass is always blurred through which I peer oat at the world. I know that far too welL A little while ago even, and 1 would not have con fessed to it, bnt I may own now that I was aconoeited man—that there was hardly a wiser human being nnder the sun. God I knows I have lived it all down, tosBed it | completely aside, as I might do a book for whioh I have no farther love, no wish to look at, which I will never ODen for a single in stant again, so help me Heaven I Had I not changed 1 could not tell my story; let the reader believe me as he likes or not. With my old thoughts with which I first came to this mountain home epseoh would be denied me, and reproach and re morse. It matters not at tbiB time to say that at five-and-twenty years of age I was a handsome man, and that I knew it more completely than my friends did; that in my way I was olever, making progress in maga zineB'and newspapers rather tban at the .Bar, for which I had studied; and also that in boating, boxing, cricket, hunting, Alpine 1 climbing even, I was as well known as most men. There were hundreds handsomer, cleverer, manlier than I; but I did not think eo in my heart. I took all homage aB my just J due, schemed for it aB for my natural inheri tance, and got more than my fair share of Sraise without being thoroughly eatiefied, ut there is always the ommpled rose leaf in Bach petty existences as mine; the man who, without an effort, oclipsas you, or thowoman who dielifcee you, or does not believe in yon, will rise up like a ghost to stagger one's self estimate. I was a conceited shallow upstart at my best. The reader will uoderstand me and my story better by my owning this in sober earneBt—in deep abjection if he will—as a start off, I was not wholly a bad man. I had never had real evil in my heart; I was a mere sentimentalist; but my vanity wrought j evil in its day, and did much harm to me and others—a lasting harm when it came about j that the floodgates were unloosed, and the deluge fallowed that sank more souls than mine. If I had been made as loathsome as Caliban, I bad led a happier life. I could have regarded more clearly tne sunset that is ' beyond, and the eternal darkness which ie to follow the ennset in God's time—unleBB He helps me 1 unleBB Ho forgives I At twenty-five years of age, in the full flush of my strength, of my good looks, of j my good opinion of myself, 1 came to Aberglevvin. I was alone. In my rumblings I was always alone believing that my own oompany was to be preferred to the royster ing, blatant acquaintances whom I had left behind in towa, and was glad to leave behind, till my own society began to pall npon me? I had my own way so wonder fully when alone I There waB no opposition, oritioism, ridicule. It was a new life to detach myself from my town friends, my | Club gossips, my relations, my mother's home enrronndinge, and begin the world afresh in some spat wholly unknown to me. Had I been the profound philosopher, anthor, poet that I thought I was, and that 1 was enre the world would acknowledge in me presently, there might have been wisdpm in my wanderings; bnt I was only studying for effect, posing, playing the fool 1 I had fonnd it harder, year by year, to enact the ; lion in my own circle. At every tarn I met bigger lions than myself in their own estima tions, and fpeople of my own set thought so j too; and there were horrible artioles in the papers occasionally that hinted only at my lion's skin and my long ears peeping from beneath it. And they were right—and it was not all the petty malioe of an anonymous rival as I thought it was in those days. At Aberglevvin I was sorely the lion though; at the table d'hoit of the hotel, in tjio tennis conrt, at the picnics, on the moan tain side, in the smoking- room or billiard room, I was the hero, standing, by a head and sbonlders, higher than mv fellow men. I had no ruses there. Here I was Kemp thorne the poet, the critic, the essayist, the eminent journalist—anything that I liked to hint, that I was, and that nobody dis puted. If people ibad not heard of me before, it was easy to let tbem know my position by degrees. I bad not come to hide my light beneath a bushel. I was always insatiate of praise, and particularly of women's praise. For it is women who talk of you and sound yonr praises, and bore their male friends with your perfections and your genius, if yon are bold enongh to proclaim to them your own accomplishments; and I had never been baokward in eluglng to my own praise, in epeaking of ths great folk whom I knew, or affeoted to know, in the London cirolee from which I had migrated. And there were folk who took me at my own valuation and fooled me to the top of my bent, and one or two who shrugged their shoulders or laughed at me, envious and malevolent idiots as I thought then that they moBt be. But I did no harm, only to my vain self. I made no violent love to any of my fair ad mirers, I received their homage graciously and courteously without my feelings becom ing in any way entangled, for I had not met a woman in my life quite worthy of rnyeole devotion—worthy of me. Bat the woman eame, and in despite of me. In the very faoe of my insatiable pride she rose before me in her bsanty from her humble life, her peasant's home, to be wilder me and set my heart throbbing with the madness of a strange affection. Bo far beneath me was ehe in my own worldly esti mation that I did not know I was in love —could not possibly bslieve that such a folly, such a oalamity, should have eome to me of all men. I had raved enough of love in the poems whioh so few read, and which I pud heavily, through my publisher, for the world to be enlightened by, but I did not understand it, or believe in it,. Self-eacrifioe I could not reconcile with it in any shape or form, and yet I was nearly sinking all my chances in life, all my ambitions, for the love of a quorryman's daughter. Bat I fought hard, I resisted; and this is the result—a man old before his time, broken-hearted and cast down nnredeemably, a man hannted by the cruelest of memories. Strange it is to write, and a strange moral to pat forth, bat had I been a worse man, I had been far happier—X had done less harm. At least I think so; bnt I am eroping in the mist—£ cannot swear to ihat; things evil take such manifold shapes, and enfold so many lives within their coils. One day I had been overtaken by a storm among the mountains, mid had taken refuge in a cottage created a mile away—up the hillside—from the village nestling in the valley. Here I first met Hetty Griffiths and. her father and little sisters. She was very beautiful. If that be any exooBe for me, let ma set It down at once. She was bright, naive, singularly attractive, unless my fancy had completely dazed me. She was, from the first hour that I knew her, a something different from any woman whom I had ever met. This is not a love story, or I might dwell at length upon my first impressions here, upon the force of the mad passion which kept me spellbound, which grew upon me and enthralled me. I had come upon this house — little thinking that I was to be its lasting blight — at a strange time, when the mother wae lying sick unto death in a room above etaire. The dootor had been there that morning, and formulated his decree that there was no hope—that it was a question of a few days only. Thero.was great grief in the cottage —a great trouble whioh they bore well—at the time that I took Bhelterfrom one of the fiercest storms that I had ever encountered in the heart of a mountain distriot. There was no turning me from their doors and bidding me go elsewhere in the teeth of snah a tempest. The valley lay below me, a good twenty minutes' scramble down, and this cottage was the only shelter which the hills afforded. There was no thonght In the minds of these simple, hospitable folk but to give me a welcome, and I listened to their explanation that I had come at a Bad time, and become a witness to their sorrow. The quarry man was at home—a man who believed in the efficacy of prayer and the promises of the Bible with all the fervour that one finds amongst the Welsh people at timeB. He was already resigned—it was the will of God—and he had boon preaching in this way to his children before my arrival, and continued for awhile even to preach and pray after I had become as it were one of "their oirclo. It was new and original and affecting to me; the tragedy was so close and real, and the pathos was so true. It was even a new world, and when the daughter Hetty camn downstairs and took her place with the children, whilst her father plodded upstairs to administer there all the consola tion that it was in his power to bestow, I felt that the sun had risen npon it—and npon me—in a strange, lurid way. I was witness to her sisterly love and care and kindness, and was amazed at her beauty. I had began already to dream. The storm lasted for honrs amongst the hills, and I remained for hours before it was considered wise of me to attempt the descent. I shared their home life, their frugal meal, even their trouble, as it seemed to me; and when I went away I was strnck by their staid bat decisive inde pendence, whioh disclaimed all return for services rendered, and almoBt resented the thonght of it on my part. " Sou were weloome, sir," said tho daughter; "we ore glad to have boen of servioe. A safe journey book to you," she added, as I passed ont of the cottage. The next day, in common coartesy as I considered, I went bsak to the house to renew my thanks, and to enquire after the mother's condition—the next day, and the next to that, ontil the mother was dead; and after the death, to look in by way of consola tion, and for which they were gratefnl in their homely way. " Ye are a break in the dnll day to us jnst now, sir," said the qa&rryman; " it is kind of yon to oome up all this way to give us a good word." " It Is not far; only a mile or so from the hotel, and I have come from London for exercise," I stammered, feeling that some excuse was neoeseary for my regular visits, bnt the quarryman only looked at me steadily and repeated his thanks. " Still, it is kind," he said, thoughtfully. He did not Bee I was in love with his daughter. I wonld not have owned it to myself at that time. I am sure that she did not then dream of each a thought, for all the strangeness of my ways, the frequency of my visits. She was in deep tribulation—hers had been a good mother—I was a tourist, kind and eonrteonB to thoBe whom I met in my wanderings; that was all. But she knew at last—before I was brave enongh to acknowledge it to myself; and by degrees she was startled, perplexed, flattered, and afraid. Well, well; this is not a love etory, I re peat, or I might write voinmee in excuse for myself, for her. I oould throw the glamour of romanoe around it, and save it from the commonplace, for it was no common earthly passion that drew me towards her, that sub merged all thought of anything else, even, for a time, of myself, and of what the world wonld say and think of me / It came to love, and we both knew it, and faoed it, and won dered what the end wonld be. She was wiser than 1, and warned me at times of my folly, of my fine London friends, of my grand mother—of everything bnt her own beauty. I never spoke of marriage to her, and she never dreamed of harm in me. If I really loved her, she was content to wait —in her Innocence and faith she was always stronger than L But she loved me, I am enre ; and she trusted me always. I lingered on in the Welsh village. Friends oame in droves and went away again. I saw them all ont and was still there. Friends in town wondered where I was, and my mother, scanting mischief, began to write letters urging my return, It was on the summit of Mowwyds Head that I came to myself. Mowwyds Head was a star mountain which every tonrist con sidered it his duty to ascend during his stay at Aberglewin. I had oome from it months ago when overtaken by the storm, and when, fate overtook me as well at the cottage of the quarryman. There was a roughly - con struoted hut on tho anmmlfc, &od; here in tho tommer month# & men lodged ®nd prospered on the money of the tourists, one or two of whom wonld stay with him on auspicious evenings In the hope of a grand snnrlse in the morning. The man was well known to me. I had ascended to the top of Mowwyds Head several times during my stay. There was enongh of real poetry in my nature to appeal to me in the snblime heights above the level of the herd. This man startled me one morning by hie keen, dark eyes, by the expression on hie Bwarthy, gipsy face, and the abruptness of his speech. He was a man abont my own age. He had snooeeded to the hat and alt bis father's belongings a year orj two ago. He lad etrack mo m being a shrewd man, and possibly a little mercenary. 1 had never taken to him. " Yon are making a long stay at Aber glewin," be said, suddenly, to me. " Ye*. It looks like it." " 1 should have thought you had been sick of the place weeks and weekB ago," "Indeed, "I said, struck by his tone. "Are jon tired of it?" "Oh—lam tired of my life," he replied between his set teeth; " it's no use to me. Since you've oome—since—" And here he paused, unable to proseed for the torrent of words that met in his throat and nearly ohoked him. " I do not understand," I said in a haughty tone t but I had already guessed what he meart. " Yon stay for Hetty Griffiths' sake," he cried, when be had found his voice again; "that'sall. You hang about here for the sake of seeing her, and you are filling her head with foolish thoughts. You know it. You can't look me in the face and say \- yon do not. And, by God ! if you moan any harm to her, you 11 oome to harm yourself, as surely as that you and I are man to man alone np here." . It was a threatening face which looked into mine. There wore thonghts of murder id it, I could believe, and I felt a sense of danger stealing over me. I was no coward, but the man's manner savoured almost of insanity, and he was a man of more powerful build than I, and of twice my strength. "You are forgetting yourself and your position," I said calmly. ^" Well—well—don't you forget too ; that's all. If it cornea that you must take her away as your wife, let it be done quickly. Get out of this, both of you, and leave a poor wretch a chance of forgetting what he had eet his soul on. Do you see? Curse you ! do you understand, or not ?" he raved, " No, I don't," I raved back at him; " you are mad." "Perhapsso. Mad enough to kill you— aye, and to kill her rather than any harm should come to her through you. Look to it, Mark Evans is no fool—he never was. He means what he says 1" He shouted this after me us I went slowly down the path away from him. It was his . last warning, and bis words rang in my ears all the time of my desoent. It was a rude awakening from my love dream ; but it had oome. My rival was a man who kept a re freshment hnt on the top of a mountain—a man who sold oranges and bottled beers, and let out beds to those who would risk a night's discomfort for the chanoe of a fine outlook in the morning! It was he who warned me that he had dared to love what I loved; that I was in the way; that, great Heaven 1 she would have loved him nad it not been for me. 1 was staggered—even ashamed. My pride came back with a giant's strength, and . talked reason to me, and hinted at what a fool 1 was becoming. And yet I acted like a tool—worse than that like a villain. I had gone too far to retract. I had told her every thing at laBt. She knew that I loved her in real earnest, for there was no acting such a passion as my own. 1 was terribly in love with her when I went away, pleading as my excuse a sudden call on important business to town, " I would return shortly," I said, " I should have something to explain then," I added, evasively; " I could not speak out clearly now, as if I had ever intended. I begged her to believe in me, to wait for me, and then, in a tempeBt of love and eorrow and hot blinding tears, and in her heart love and perhapB despair, we said ' good-bye, and went our separate ways for all time after that, I slunk away from her like the dastard that I was, playing the lover to the last, and in my heart resolving to end it there and then. I went away for months—for years—for more than two long years. I went abroad. I Bought all the distraotion that foreign life and foreign scenes conld afford me. In my selfishness, my desperate efforts to set this woman aside, 1 ought to have forgotten her readily.. She should have passed out of my life like a dream figure, but she never, never did. How this was I have not been able to . discover. It should have been so eskgy a task for a man of the world. Perhaps I was not a man of the world, after all; or I had deeper feelings than most men who thought me shallow, or I was undsr a spell. It is all unaccountable to me. It was a love destined to wreck me and others, despite the painB I took to kill it. Suddenly impelled, as it were, by an un known, irresistible force, I was back again at Aberglevvin. In the faoe of all my prudence, all my fixed resolves, 1 was weak enough, or mad enough, to return to the mountain homo wherein she hod lived. It was as though I had no will of my own. It was a power unknown, unguessed at, whioh oarried moon as by the swirl of a torrent I would Bay that it was retribution, the will of God, the ; constituting me God's agent, if I were a reli gious man. Helpless and baffled, I can only guess at the unknown and call it Pate for shortness. It is so easy to say " Pate." It was early in December when I stood at the door of the quarrvman's cottage. It was cold and stormy weather. I had waded there, knee deep, through the snow. It was Griffiths, the quarryman himself, who opened the door to me, and stood on the threshold, Btaring at me with profound j astonishment. Ho recognised me, ohanged [ as I knew I was, and went back a step or two, flB though I had been a speotre. j "You—youl He said in his amassment. "What do you want? Why do you come here again ? " I oome in all oontrition—" " It is too late," he answered, with a lower ing scowl at me. " UdIobs you ere very weary of your life, I would warn you to go away." •' Why ?" Instinctively he lowered his voice. "He is inside," he said; "a sick man, but dangerous, Mark Evans!" "He who lived in the hut, on the moun tain. In your house J" "Yes." "And—and Hetty. Where is she?" I gasped. "They are not married. Don't tell me she has married that man. For the love of heaven don't say that.' I had raised my voice; it was like a woman's shriek at him. He stepped for ward, drew the door to behind him, and stood bareheaded in the keen, frosty air out side. The expression on his face had ohanged again—there were horror and surprise and fear upon his rugged countenance. "What do you mean by that?' he asked. "All that Isay." *! Then—where is she ?" I have oome for her. Is she not—" " coward 1 this is a triok—a devilish snare, he shouted, making an effort to ssiae me by the throat as I stepped qnickJy back. * You know where she is and that we are here without a clue," "As Heaven is my judge, I do not know. I have not seen her for two years. I have oome for her—Oh! I have oome for her !" I cried again, " Wait a moment. Let me think," eaid the qnarryman, pasting bis big, veined hands through his grey hair; " I am over muddled now." There was a painful pause, and he stood looking at me in a strange, dazed way. " Yon have not eeen her for two years," he mnttered at last. " Not for two years." " You wrote to her three months ago, Mr, Kempthorne. We found yonr letter." "Yes. Isaid 1 was coming back to take her to my heart—to make her my wife. And see, true to my word, 1 am here. " You were in Aberglevvin two months since ?" "No." " Don't lie to me. You were seen." " On my honour, Ihave only been one day in England since I was here two years ago. Griffiths, for Heaven's sake, explain to her —where is she? Has she gone away—has she—" " Did you give her your address J' " Yes. I wae in Spain. I—" " Ah, well—she has gone after you. If she has missed yon, I thank God—I thank God— I thank God!" he oried, olapping hiB hands wildly. "It is not so bad if she is dead, Not half so bad aB it might have been if—" The door opened slowly, and an awful face peered through the aperture, white and soared, and with two eyes like a wild beast's glittering between two red lids. " What are you thanking God for, father?" asked the newoomer in a hnsky voice. " W hat is the good of it ?—what's the tue ?" " Go back to your room," said Griffiths; " ye maunt come out in this frost." " Who's that ?" " Aye, ye may well ask. Get in—get in, Mark, like a good'lad—now do!" He pushed him into the oottage, and the man waa too weak to do more than protest against the other's superior strength. In a few moments Griffiths came baok to me and closed the door onoe more behind him. "Yon are not gone, then—you and your lieB," be said in a still narder tone. " Why lieB ?" " You have a reason, but I don't care to fathom it. You muBt have been always a liar, I take it—a big, black-hearted liar. And I warn yon that yon are not safe with a man who has sworn to take your life when he comes face to face with you." " Mark Evans ?" "Yes." " Why should he wish to kill me?" " You killed every chauco of happiness he had; you have brought to us all a share of shame with hers—you—" "For God's sake, tell me what you think I have done 1" I oried. " What is the truth of all this ?" " You know already." " You think Hetty is with me?" " I do—upon my bouL" "After what I have said—protested— sworn! You think so now." " Aye—after all that—I do." " Great Heaven, how can I convince you to the contrary ?" I exclaimed. " I tell yon I have come to make her my wife. I wrote to say that I was coming. 1 asked her to wait "She was a wife already." " A wife! That man's wife ?" "Yes. But you know—you—" "No.no, no I Yon fool, I tell yon that I do not know," I cried. " I did not dream that that could be. Don't say it, Griffiths; tell me is it a jest to frighten me, to teaoh me a lesson ; tbat you have planned all this and presently the door will open, and ehe will come out to me,with hands outstretched, and say,' My love, 1 am so glad ?'" The old qnarryman regarded me steadily, critically. " You muet be daft, I reckon," he said in a low voice, •' Tell me where she is." "In Heaven, I hope. Perhaps He will forgive her for caring for such a thing as thou art." " How long have they been married—those two ?" "Three monthB before your [letter came and wrecked their happiness, She thought you were dead. If you only had been." "And then—and then—Bhe stole away from him?" " Well, it's no secret. It's all over Aber glevvin—that story. 1 wonder they did not meet you with it in the valley and Btone you through the etreetB. For there are honest fathers and mothors down there, and they knew my Hetty well. They—" There wae a strange cry within the oottage, and Griffiths paused, listened, and then Btepped back into the honee and closed the door. I heard a bolt drawn within, ae though my entrance were to be reBiBted if Was this the end of it? Was I to hear no more—to know no more ? Would this strange father not come again to me and tell me all the story ? Was it a ruee to get me from the neighbourhood—to send me baok to Madrid on a fool's errand, and Hetty, perhaps, within a yard of me ? Why should I believe his story, any more than he had believed mine ? Hie waa aB improbable, or as full of mystery. Would Hetty Griffiths, even in her despair, have linked her life to the hutkeeper of Mowwoyde Head ? I muet think it out. "I muet try to think," I muttered. I wandered from the oottage. I went aimlessly Borne few hundred yards towards the eummit till the enow baulked me— blocked all further progress—became im passable. I turned back. I trudged steadily to the cottage; went past it towards the valley, and then tnrned again. Though I did not know it I was on guard or on watch. I was waiting for her or for the troth whioh ehonld tell me where she wae : and the night closed in nponthe hillside before 1 was aware of it, and the snow gleamed strangely through the darkness. Suddenly 1 stopped and looked npwards. Afar off, on the mountain-top where the hut was, a light shone forth—a red light. At summer time in Aberglevvin the man, Mark Evans, often placed his oil lamp behind his little window of red glass—a beacon and a guide to any one lost upon the mountain or to late touruts making their night aeoent in readinesB for the morning's sunrise, Was this a beaeon to me—a warning? Was Hetty there and waiting ? Did ehe know already that I had come to Aberglevvin ? Did ehe Suddonly a hand was laid heavily upon my sbonlder, and I found the old qnarryman standing by my side again. "Yon have oome at a strange time, Mr. Kempthorne—like a judgment, perhaps. He said yon were etill here. How did he know that?" " Of whom are yon talking ?" "Mark —my eon-in-law. He's dying— sudden like, at last. He wants to see yon." I hesitated. I was not so sure now that my life wae safe with these men. " Ob, he won't hnrt yon," and a short hard laugh followed his words. " Yon need not be afraid." " I am not afraid," I Baid;" my life ie of no vslne to me if ihe—how bright the light is! I ro not remember itlike that." The qnarryman glanoed upwards, and then gave a cry of astonishment. "Great God!" be said. "Who is there—a prisoner? Is it Hetty —my Hetty? Confees," I exol&imed.; "X will forgive all—so will she—if yon only tell me the real troth." The qnarryman waa trembling like a child. " There b no living sonl np there. It can not bo. The hnt was closed sir weeks ago for good. The snow has bloeked the way for a month past. I—I—" " Matthew," a voice called feebly from within the cottage. " Come with me," he 8aid. I followed him, after one more glanoe at the red light shining from the mountain top. Was I in a dream, I wondered? I had a faint glimpse of ohildren whose faoee I' remembered huddled together aa if in fear around a scanty wood fire, and then followed the qnarryman'e heavy footsteps up the etairB to the room above, where Mark Evans lay dying. •'Mark," cried the qnarryman," the light is burning in yonr hnt yonder—np the mountain. " I have seen it. I know," he answered. "Is he here?" " Yea," I anBwered. "I wanted to—curse—him for a villain before I went," he gasped; " but for him— all—would have been—bo different 1" " Horrible," I whispered to myself. "You wrote to her—to my wife—who thought yon were dead. I found her writing back to yon—np there, one night—when she did not expect me home ao eoon. She waa coming to yon—bo—I—killed her 1" "Oh, Mark!—Mark!—don't Bay that this iatrne," cried Griffiths. "He wandere, Mr. Kempthorne. Don't yon believe it, air." "I sank the body in the tarn," the dying man continued ; " yon will find the stoneB from the oairn have dragged it down —deep enough, I—is the light there etill ?" Griffiths looked from the window. " YeB." "She is waiting, then," he whispered. " She said she would ?" They were his last words. When I went from the cottage he waa dead, and the red light burned no longer from Mowwoyde Head. [tee bed.] 