%oii&cal.; THE PEOTEOTIOISTSTS AKB THH \- ' FAEMEES. Desperate indeed are the efforts of the shadowists to secure the farmers ; but tiie drought has set thousands of men inland thinking whether their interests do not lie more in wise provision against bad seasons than iv the played out system of protection. The shsdowists say -'to-. the farmer ' Oh, give us protection, and let us 'shut out Victorian and NewZealandproduce.' (Parenthetically let it be noted by the farmers, that in conclave in Sydney tho pro tectionists propose to have intercolonial free trade, and bring their produce in free : but that will only take place after the yoke of the Sydney monopolist manufacturer has been properly fixed on the farmer's neck, the protectionists say freetrade wiU never enable the New .South Wales farmer to regain his own market. But the fact is that bad seasons and not freatrado con stitute their handicap. This fact comes out with tremendous force in the official returns just pub lished. One by one the protectionist ghosts melt away. Take wheat lor instance. Lastyearwasabad one, all will admit, and we had to import 1,338,568 bushels valued at .£2S8,425 ; but the quarter be ?fore, a year of plenty, we required to import only 278,105 bushels for an expenditure of only .£49,878. Let us next take butter. For the year 1886, one of drought, we had to import 27,491cwt of butter for .£159,536 ; and in the year just closed, another dry period, we had to import 20,167cwt for an expenditure of .£102,843. But 1887 was a year of good grass, and so we only required 9237ewt for an expenditure of only ^£39,4S1. And if we turn to our exports of butter in those years the fact is proved in another way. Thus * in-. 1886 we only exported 518cwt for an income of .£2862, but in 1887 we sent out 6449cwt for an income of ,£20,758. A few years ago we only grew one bushel of wheat per head of the population, and required to import about 5 bushels per head ; but in 1887 we grew 5 and required only 7 bushels per head from outside sources. The deduction from these facts, which completely upset the shadowists, is this : Without any alteration at the Customs, we have one year a great need for importations of butter and wheat, and another year we are almost wholly independentof outsidosupplies and actually in one line export largely. This simply shows that our agricultural industry is wholly in dependent of Customs duties — but wholly depend ent on seasons. That being so, the farmer must apply his brains to the mastering of the seasons. Storage of water, irrigation, and the construction of extensive silos for storing green fodder for use in dry weather are the items in the programme of the farmer with brains. The farmer without brains is he -who imagines a protectionist Customs tariff will supply the place of good seasons and provident farming, When, under good seasons, he becomes an exporter, he will wake up to find the plundering taxes of the nonopolist city manu facturer fixed immovably on his back. 