Adventure with a Ghost. When I was a, lad of 17, 1 was office boy for Pinkertoh's agency, and was just wild, of course, to be sent out on a case. Every timo the captain got a new job I would slide up to him and say, ' Cap'n, you'd better lot me go out on that,' aud ..he would answer' with a quizzical grin, 'Not 'this time, Harry ; wait till the'hext case.' Along in December of that year there' was a great rush of business at our office. We had 15 detectives, all old experienced hands,' arid thoy* were on the jump iiight and dayl We could not handle tho business that was coining in, and tho captain was wis-niug wo-iiaa somo more men. x vremeinboras well as can he, sitting in' my chair , .by tho. door, and tho captain lulling ont in fun from his private office, ' I grtejs wu'll have to let yon take the next case, Hurry.' Hardly had ho siiid thy words, when a door opened, and a raw old countryman entered. Ho proved to be Joe Baylis, si Montgomery county justice of the peace, ami ho wanted the captain to send a 'man down with him to' attend to a ghost who' was cutting dido.4 at Fort Washington; Tho captain told .him he would jwtitl a ,inau. as .soon,, us he had Qne at Iiis disposal., The old fellow ;left, 'imd I jumped to my feet.. ., ? ' ''Captain,' lsuiil, 'send uie ,011 thecrtso.',.- . s Tho 'captain' leaned lKWsk in his' ohair dud looked at me hard.1 J'tSeo'liere,' Harrj',' hesaid, ','suiipoM)I weroto soiul you, what would' you do'r': ''-' , ,' ,'.''', ,, ?'...;;.?. ... , ? . 1 outlined a very olah,ortvte' campaign against the ghost.j *'Hn:lot!ihLi 'finish and then said, '?' You'd uiaku a ooiifoundcd ass of yourself, now, , wouldn't ; youf Yiiu'tl liiiiko us the laughing 'stock'/of tlie (own. Now''lutcsn. In tKe'fintt place, ahvays bciiv ill mind there is no Buoh thing oh a ghost , If luenil you to irort Washington, go thoro'witlitlmt idea iii your .head. There in nonsuch thing as' a ghost. If you Bee the ghost and -get near enough, jump for it. Don't bo afraid, it won't hurt you, jubI) jump for it. It .will turn out to bo a human, being — no doubt of that. Now, I'll let you go and try your hand. ' If you see the L'host and think you can't handlu ? .it, 'Q low and follow; it.'and see who it is.'1' ? ' ' Tho captain gave mo riionoy and away 'I went; I f^olt pretty brave, for it was brood daylight , then, butjihere wore tunes whon I. wished myself' well out of tho thing. I^got to Korfc Washington about 3 o'clock, and inquired the way to the haunted' house from the station agent. I found: it on a hill about half a mild from tho town,' and ' jookod it over, with interest' and apprehension.' It was an old white framo mansion standing. in park-like ? grounds, with plenty of outhouses about it.. Somo couritryinon whom' I mot told : me that the ghostj w,as, in the habit , of standing on top of the brood Btone wall that . Bkirted (the 'roadway. There was 'im ' otithousd bo situated that anyone concealed in it could overlook the whole stretch of wall from end to end, and I mode iip my mind that this was thu ploco for mo to gut. into, before tbe ghost modo i tN uppearanoo. ;?. -v:r.t Tlicn I went back to the,Iiotel, took my supper and chatted with tho waiters and a fow, li-ungorx about the ghost. I learnvil that it first appeared about three weeks before 3nv arrival; ' ' ,. A man nnnicil M'Taiiis'h1/ an ignorant farm hnnd, was the iirat jxirson to encounter it. , He was coming to the town one night from the grist mill with u Kick of meal on his back, and paused for :i moment in front of the old housb to set thu liatr down on a stump and rest his shoulder. He heard a noise behind him, and turning round saw standing oil the wall a figure he afterwards said was 13 fec-t high at least. . He did not. stop to observe tlie figure very carefully, though, but ran as hard us lie knew how down the road. Next night a party of men saw the ghost, and they also ran. Thoy said the ghost mode nfter them breathing fire and brimstone, and acting in a peculiarly weird and Unh6ly maimei-. After that the house was avoided at night, but several strong parties of mon, in cluding the select men of thu town, saw tho ghost from a respectable distance. It approached them in oath ease, and iii each case thoy took to their heels. After dusk I stole down to tlio cUwertod house, and it was dark when I got .there. I slid along the wall to the outhouse, crept cautiously in, and shut the door again. Hardly had I shut the door, when I knew there was some other person in that outhouse. 1 felt sure there was somebody cloBe to my elbow. I was trembling like a leaf, but I managed to pull u mutch from my pocket and strike it. I held it up. It showed me a big white muffled figure not two feet away. Then .the match went out. ,' Was I reared ? ' ' Well, now, I should *av mi. There are somo people who laugh at the idea of a man's hair standing on end. They say it is a physical im possibility, but I know better. I could feel my hair rise right up and lift my hat, and my flesh crept. But I had no time to think. I jumped. I had to jump. I shut my eyes and grabbed for the ghost. I was bo frightened I seemed to lose consciousness for n moment, but grabbed some thing and hold on. When this first shock passed, I felt the ghost tugging and pulling to get away from me. It seemed 'as badly frightened as I was, and its hands were soft and warm. 1 ' Don't hurt me,' it said, in a terrified voice. I had no voice to reply with. I was choking, but I pulled my captive out on the lawn and looked at it in the moonlight. The sheet that had been muffled about the figure fell to the ground — a pretty girl of 15 was disclosed. I was in a cold perspiration, and shaking as if recovering from a shock of electricity, but when I sow that I had caught a real genuine flesh and-blood girl, and 110 ghost, Iliegan to feel better, and presently was alile to talk. 'Who are you ? ' I asked. 'Jennie Baylis.' 'What! The daughter of Joe Baylis?' ' Yes, (sir.' The girl began to cry. She said she had not meant nny harm. She and her sister had played ghost just to have somo fun. Her sister was usually with her, but did not come this night as she was too busy. She had heard from her father that a detective was coming to catch the ghost, but thought he was not due for a day or two, and resolved to make one last appearance and then give up the performance, till things calmer! down. ' ' Who are you ? ' she asked. 'I'm the detective,' I said. ; She looked me over in evident awe and con sternation, tinged with some surprise on account ,of my age. ?'-,.. ' What are you going to do \vith me?' \ 'I shall have to expose you.' : t The girl cried again and begged to be release* and allowed to go home, but that did not suit ? ine at all. I Baid she was my prisoner, and as such I must deliver her up to the authorities, and after a good deal of waiting, she suggested I had better give her up to her own father. I agreed to that, and picking up the sheet, I held her arm and took her with me to her father's house, about a mile distant. 'Don't you know you might have been killed by tome of those people you frightened?' I asked. : 'No, pir, I never tliought of that. Everybody, who saw me ran away.'; , , , ' When we got to Uie farmhouse where Jennie . lived it was half -past !) o'clock. Everybody was in bed, and the lights were all 'out, but I boldly knocked at the door. A window opened, and a man's voice said ^^ ' ' ? '..' ;'.'. 'Who's there?' : , ' , ', ! 'Me.' :. . : ? ... ' ???' . ? 'Who'sme?' ? i. ? ? ???? ' 'The detective.' ,,.-;.?' , 'You're rather lute. ''Why did .you not' wait) till to-morrow? Better come around and see me iu the morning.' ,'.'.?. . 1 ' I want to tee you now^ I have the ghost.' ; At this the window was closed with' a bang, and I heard hurried steps on the stair. The door opened, and old Baylis stood' in the door way.; He.was draped in'u very long old-fashioned white gown, and wore a tall steeple-shaped nightcap. One linud held up a tin candlestick, and the other shaded tlie light: A circle of beard sweeping under his chin from ear to ear made, him look very comical. He looked at me in astonishment, and when he saw his daughter and the sheet, I thmight lie would go into con vulsions. . .-?;-. ] 'You, Jennie? ' lie'askcd at length. , ,... ; 'Yes, father,' said Jeriuio very humbly. * Old Baylis sighed and said, ' Come in/' ': . t He sent for the neighbours., immediately. I do not knoTr what was said at their meeting, for I ? was not admitted to it, but old Baylis gave me a '? letter to the captain and packed me off on the midnight train. Next morning I, reached the office early and found all the irien present, waiting fur the captain to detail thein..,,tlio men - grinned at me and passed the time of day pleasantly enough. , y, . -? ..—.-. ': They all knew whero I had. been -and antici pated n wonderful tale of. disaster and defeat, which they ^yere ready to laugh' at, although T was a favourite with them, having done many a piece of extra ?work' for every man there. .'?'.' : 'I thought; I sent you to Fort Washington, . 'Harry?' said the captain.,, ? '.... ? ,! -:J .' 'Yes, sir.' ' ' , -. ;...-?'. ' Madmui ass of yourself, Isiippose?' j .-. ??; - ' There's u letter, sir.'...'- - !.:„.?. -.w ;? ?',?' While the .captain- read the letter the men :, ? guyediue. . ? , 1 '? ?...,.-;.?.- ' This is a very nice letter, Hurry,' said the captain. ... ' Boy«, ; tlie .youugster captured ? the ghOSt.' ? ??. ?-???:_?? ??'???-,' ???'??: . 'Did ho?' said the men: ' '; ???'; .':'?'' ' ' Ycb, he did. , The boy is a credit to us,' and then the captain read thij letter . to the select . men out loud. At oveny sentence I grew a 'foot.:' ..': ',-? ',- -; ?.:-?:? ?? . ' '???? ? ii--''- ???-? ? ? , 'Well, how did you do it?' several inquired. : ! I told the story, arid you may be.sure I . did not rofrain.from giving myself plouty^of credit. My tale was very highly culourod. When it was concluded Lonif .TimLiiujduii drawled out : .'Harry, tell the honest truth. Wero yoii frightened when that match went out?' ? ,'No, of course not!' said I. But I was frightened two years later, when I asked the ghoBtto marry me, and thought she was goiug to say no. However, she'did not.— EnglishTPaper.' ' 