+ If tliere were not Bad Spmts Mixed a)lm(ja31 evidence to Good Water. the contrary, tlie fact that New South Wales is the only freetrade colony of the Australian group nngiit be accepted as proof that her political rulers are more deeply imbued with brotherly affection than any of their confreres in colonial statesmanship. In similar manner the ill-tempered threat of Mr. Dxbbs to make matters uncomfortable for Victoria in connection with the Murray waters question would be in danger of receiving the brand of " another sample of the selfishness of protection," if everyone did not know that the world- embracing freetrader Parkes bad pursued a similar course in the past and was eager again to take up the same line of conduct at the earliest opportunity. Of late years it has been an accepted proposi tion that New South Wales will only enter into those intercolonial schemes from which she gets all the kudos and most of the benefit. Give her credit for initiating a scheme, and fix on Sydney for the meeting place of its central committee, and all things will be lovely. Probably even the Federal Council would be accepted with gleeful heart if Sir Henry Parkes were elected perpetual presi dent, and if its permanent rendezvous were the busy city on Australia's most beautiful harbour. If it were necessary, how easy it would be to fill half a column with the rehearsal of incidents in which this jealous disposition has been displayed amid much melancholy petulance and little- gqgs of speech. All our neighbours, wIlo possess both a memory and a conscience must bear hi mind ed I grieve over, the many ebullitions of 1 temper which have been witnessed 1 from time to time because of fancied 1 slights and imagined injuries suffe 1 by the mother country at the hau$S | tongues, or thoughts of her children/ ! I But it is questionable whether an® 1 previous exhibition of ill-temper has a equalled that which showed itself 1 recently in the re-opening of the so- 1 called Riparian Bights subject for I the purpose of discounting, obstructing 1 or delaying Victorian irrigation 1 schemes in general, and the Mildura 1 settlementin particular. AnoMaimstrel joke states that in tlie law of the - natives of the uninhabited islands it is J written: — 4 'That what belongs to 1 the man belongs to the woman, what belongs to the woman belongs to her- IS self, and as much more as she can lav 1 her hands on." The ruling genius ol I New South Wales has apparently evolved a somewhat similar statute ' out of his own inner consciousness, and 1 his one object now is to get all Aus tralia, and Victoria especially, to agree that New South Wales sha take the position of the all-compie. bending female. All the waters from 1 bank to bank of the Murray, whether j thej flowed in from the north or from the south, belong to the magnanimous j Mother, and not a drop must be drawn j or lapped up without her permission J being first asked and obtained. That 1 is something like the principle which 1 Victoria is expected to accept. The m rain and the snow may fall alike on I evil and good, hut whatever of the 1 former strays into Murray tributaries, I and whatever of the hftter melts and I hurries to the parent stream, is of and fj for New South Wales alone. For scores fl and scores of years the Murray waters 1 rolled themselves and their thick sedi- 1 ment aimlessly into the sea at ' j Encounter Bay. When the river f 1 served, a good business was done hy 4 trading steamers, and much produce M was borne on the breast of Australia's 1 one great stream. Only this and j nothing more. No attempt was made 9 except on the smallest of scales to I utilise the richly-laden current to in- 1 crease the fertility of surrounding 1 lands, while — owing to the uncertainty of the seasons — much was effected hy |H the extension of railway lines to re- m move all dependence on the Murray fl as a means of trade or carriage. This ' 1 was the state of affairs when Victoria pi gave concessions to the Chaffeys. and tg determined on supplementing their E work by a really national scheme of irrigation. Just here, emulatiM fl the famous dog in the manger, New 9 Soutli Wales came forward with liS I cry of "Riparian Right," and though I a former conference has practical fl settled that question, slie still "Ms fl up serenely" with the ghost of her fl grievance. Could anything be mow fl inexpressibly mean? Victoria wih, 9 imdoubtedly, reap primary and coii- fl tinued benefit fromthe Chatfey settle- fl ment and the expensive irrigation fl works which the State is carrying out; fl but they will yet be schools in which B all Australia may learn what to adopt fl and what to avoid in Water Conscrv- fl tion at infinitely less cost than that fl incurred by this colony. fl South Australia might well be fl excused for being somewhat nervous fl in this matter, for, if Victoria began, fl t \t a rrt.i _ o.n i flfl una joo LLiii waxes xollow eu h large use of the Murray water, the fl principal lack would, of course, be fl "where the river disembogues.' fl Fear was expressed that navigation fl might be seriously impeded, andtht fl the salt water of the Southern Ocean fl might penetrate so far inland as to fl interfere with irrigation works and fl cultivation on the Lower Murray fl Inquiry banished these fears, and fl South Australia welcomed the fl Chaffeys at llenmark and at Mil- fl dura with generous open-handeduess- fl Neither she nor Victoria wishes other fl than success to the proposed settle- fl ment at Wentworth. It is true that fl the moribund South Australian Miff" ray Waters Commission has beefl || galvanised into life again bv the g| recent action of New South Walef fl but. there is still no antagonism V fl Victorian schemes. New South Wale$ fl great in territory and rich in rivers || can surely afford to be as fail and as fl generous as South Australia. fl There is a striking difference be- fl tween the attitude and the spirh Q fl the two wealthiest Australian colonies fl at present. Victoria declines to fl the farmers' appeal for a stock tax fl Jbecause the gain to them would BO fl be commensurate with the annoyance fl and iiiitation caused beyond tft fl border, Nety South Wales fl every pretext to alienate the syjg fl patliies of Victoria, to offend n fl statesmen, and to injure her i?1'0" fl 