WILD FOWL SHOOTING ON THE MURRAY RIVER. By Skipper. On the way back Frank and I wero walking together, the boss and Mac being some distance behind. Mac was carrying about half a dozen ducks and I tho remainder, and it is worthy of notice that 18 ducks, on a hot day, over a heavy country, are a very fair load. Suddenly Frank, who liad forged about a yard ahead, started back and nearly capsized me. He had all but trodden on a huge brown snako which was sleeping in tho Bun. It reared its head about 4 feet from the ground, looking extremely angry, aud then would have modo off had not Frank settled its hash with a charge of number six. As soon as we felt Buro that there wasn't a dangerous wriggle left in tho brute we carefully measured it. Like "tho Yankee duck shooter who wouldn't tell a lio i for ono duck, neither would I overstep the bounds of veracity for. half an inch, or I should say that that snake measured 6 feet; at any rate, I can honestly say that it measured- 'foot 11 inches, and therefore may fairly bo. said- to have been 6 feet in its boots. Mao- called it- a Murray snake, and,- like all Australian shakos, very poisonous. . Although our sport hitherto had been fair, wo wero too greedy to bc'satisfied, and the boss's pioposal-to cut across country to C station at -T was readily agreed -to. So it was decided that that afternoon wo Bhoitld try our luck at the geese, and -that early :next morning Mac should find us a buggy to tako us to K — d— K, whore wc could hire a vehicle, and cross tho Murray,, and so on to T— , a distanco of about 50 miles. We accordingly, started after luncheon to a reedy swamp, about a mile away, over which, Mac told us,, the geeso always flew towards even ing, on their way from tho feeding grounds to tho river. Wo concealed ourselves among tlio reeds, and soon saw strings of gecBe passing over our heads, but far out of rango, -though occasionally they would bo sufficiently near to tempt a shot, but without success. Over an hour of anxious expectation nearly exhausted our- stock of patience, but as it grow later tho geeso began to fly lower. I suppose that, having supped plenti fully, they were too lazy to riso to the usual height, and at last a flock of about 50 passed just in shot Six barrels rang out, and four fat geese camo whirling , through tho nir, and fell with a crash among tho reeds; fortuuately tho ground was soft, or their plump breasts must lmvo been seriously injured. : "Wo got 11 betoro it grew dark, tho boss finishing the' entertain ment by bringing down two right and left in fine style from a great height.- After dinner 'that evening we counted the spoils, aud -found that the total camo to 11 geese, 60 ducks and 20 sundries, including the birds shot on theprevious evening. Tho second night was a repetition of tho first, except-that I was so dead tired that- 1 was able to biu defiance to all creeping things. We started at 5 the next morning, and arrived at K— d— K about 11 a.m.- On our way wo came across a couple of Mac's boundary riders, who told- us that there was a wild turkey in tho next paddock,: and as I was the onlv ono of the narty that had never slain a bustard (as tboy really are), I was accommodated with ono of the men's horses, and, accompanied by the other chap, rode off in aearctroftho gamo. c soon saw him, ' and commenced riding round ui gradually diminishing circles in the most approved style/and looking the other way in an unconcerned' manner— at least, with one eye,- for I couldn't keep my near cyo off tho turkey do what I would ; the consequence being that I contracted a squiut that- lasted aomo days. At last wc wore nearly within range, and the turkey Legan toahow signs of uneasiness so I got my gunrcadyyand was about to -aim when J10 took two or thrco rapid- strides, spread his wings, and was off. I let'drivo just ahead of mm, and saw tho feathera fly,-but r8o did' the turkoy, and before I could give 1 91 barrel my horso swerved rounrl, |9 of my gun to como into violent 3 f» brnlgo of mynoac. ThU spoilt m r ,Sth th' Ws well as my beauty, and there was notWn ,C8 " WS but to return and put tho blame Sn m,g for.it Hi horse, though I noticed that there of incredulity mingled with the JL to«l BB that was freely expressed by rai-'eratioa £jfi We got a buggV rind a capitjp jB K-d-K, and continued 'on,l?."Lof. h"» t'. W high road after a bit, because Frank tl" H ho knew of a short cut: "Save mil. iat HH youtapw; good road and all thal B It Was certainly a very good road fr B picturesque point of view, runnineasit,lii ? 1 B tho banks of tho Murray, now chmbinvn. IB and boulders now decendi,?g t "o'M B goncrally leading us through dense mti ii! fl nicked our faces most unploasandS . fl occasionally so blocked our progros tL H had to dismount and clear tho way (?," fl fortunately came on a wood cutter's cam. .1 B a good naturcd fellow, after he had info', fl that we had come about 8 mihB'o„t'0f£ walked a couple of miles with us to niilrJ;! Hi -right track. This led us over Sn H different conntrj- ns far as soil was concerarf H for instead of being .wet and hoary, it S H and dusty, tho road being quite a foot icJl B a sort of white gypsum dust. Our buggy hS B but two-scats, so we had to take it in turn S fl .should sit -on tho - portmanteau behind. I? fl happened tliat I ' ooenpicd that somoskt H unenviable position when we got on to ffa M veritable track, and I began to congratufcS fl myself tliat the bumps and joltings of the mil H few mile's wero 'now at an end. Besides tt« H portmanteau there were the gun cases, a roll o'r H no of blankets and all the game. As the road H improved so the speed increased, and my<piriti H somewhat depressed by recent experiences, H to revive. Presently it occurred to me that th» H occupants-of-the seats in front were unnsuallt H silent ; and still the speed increased. IVerc th8 - H horses- running nway, and my friends too H ocenpied in their endeavors to' control them to H have time for conversation? No, the horses H wero - going well, but evidently not- bolting H Why, then, -this strange silence ? I was on the H point of inquiring, when I felt a curious sensa- H tioh'beneath mo. Tho portmanteau wns slipping H the gun cases were- moving, and the ducks and H geese wero decidedly restless. " Hi !" I shouted, H "pull up,- you fellows; there's something Bj wrong." ' Not a word in reply, and faster went D the horses,-and faster slipped the portmanteau H " Dash it all, Btop !" I yelled, for it was evident H I lnid lost all control over my foundations. But 9 even whilst I spoke the whole fabric gave war, 9 and head over heels I went into the filthy road, 9 where I sprawled on my back half buried in the 9 dust,' and otherwise smothered with the contenti 9 of the baggy. - " Oh,' you beggars," thought I, 9 for whilo I was yet wildly clutching at the yield- 9 ing mass in tho -vain hope of saving myself, I H had just caught the outline ol a smile on the 9 boss's countenance, faintly reflected on Frank H grim . face,-, whioh.. expanded into a roar ot H laughter as I disappeared over the tail board, and H convinced me when too late of their villany. H Tho rufUans had surreptitiously cast off tho H ends of the straps that held everything, including H myself, . in place. ' Of course they stopped is I soon as -they gained their oliject, anil laughter B increased at seeing the pretty pickle I was in, H anil at hearing the benedictions I freely bestowed B upon' themr I couldn't bold laughing myself B when I reviewed thewholecatnstrophe, especially B when I began- to collect the ducks, which looked B like anything- rather than ducks until they had B boon well shaken and freed from dust. B "Holloa, old man," said the boss. "How fl did you manage, that? ' Something given B way!" ' B As if anybody' couldu't see that something hd B given way t B "Yesj" ohimed in Frank, "why didn't yoa fl let us know there was something wrong? ll'c could havo stopped, you know ; couldn't we, boss?" ' B "Of.'couraa wo could. . Not hurt, I hope! You couldn't lend a clothes brush, could you, Frank?" I gazed sternly' at them, and scorned to notice fl their remarks, but unfortunately my face wasso dirty that -instead -of commanding their respect it upsot their gravity for the seoond time, and I caught-tbo infection, and we all laughed so much fl that it wnsfound necessary to administer whisky internally to prevent hysteria. fl Soon aftor this little freak of fortune, the boss fl and Frank began to recognise the country, and fl were able to' state that wo should soon be at the end of our journey. For miles wc had been passing through interminable gum forests, but now tho country grow more open, gradually breaking into well grossed plains, with belts ot timber and patches of scrub scattered here aivl there. - The road improved, the dust disappeared, B and tliere was still an liour or so of daylight lett when wo pulled up. T— — is situated on too H banks of a large lake, and tho view from tec fl house was lovely. "Wild fowl of every description B wore gliding about tho smooth and glassy !a 6 of tho lake, shooting in and out from among dark shadows cast by the hugo trees that fringed its banks, and in the fading light resembling tw | ghosts of departed ducks and geese. Slowly B evening shadows deepened, whilo the oppress silence that reigned around was only now a fl again broken by sucli souuds as tho cry or | startled duck, the croak of a water hen or - B splash of a mountain trout— sounds whichns cocoes died away only served to intensity stillness. . , _.f T I I can scarcely bo called sentimental, , B confess tlmttlio soft influences of the sl,rr0".nl 1 | scene caused mo to ponder on the bw | nature in general, and on tho | view before mo in particular. I began : fl stand the ccsta»y of the poet, the cutlnis ' | the artist, then to sigh for a book and II 1 that I too miglit givo vent to my poetic i nis I I even began to mutter the opening won . | embryo poem, "O lako !" — hardly ongi >„ | gum treo !"-scarccly poetic ; O | "How long nro you going to stand m « ». C tliere?" shouts tho boss; we ' primt I before it is dark if you don t look sharp. i has started already." n,.ntwoull l The spell was broken, but feeling that I bo useless to explain my "v,cr eoaiicg i unsympathetic boss, I pcrunitted >fjs S Bpirit to sink onco.moro to tho car . t j soon stalking as eagerly as the most m»«« fact old pot liunter. M„f„T.„blo building. T House is nsquare. comfoTtaWc i o possessing, ot the time I write of, tj,e bow I Portable housekeeper, who had know " .and Frank for niany . years;. nnd-w as nov ibjt a Btronger to me, whicli, added t l,..-: alio was in C 's cn.ploy, ensured »» uffL, j tho country could afford, and r _ >pw i regularly camped upon a bed of ,for ;0„r- overseer- had mado all arrang nn,l » siiort,' and after an cxcellen J for "'i'8 1 hearty breakfast ho pdoted our gby miles- .until ..wo camo to »arr?" J -|„gooa-- soparotod from each otlier, -wpatchc'l , J Several boundary riders had bein Pnj (l, ,,,„ tho further end of one of theseg t!l! j tho birdaup; tho guns.wero tnllett up cut j gorge, and- soon rafter _we tad 6CCU oo- - ' position largo Hooks of ducks ( j tho movo, circling about,_bttt miu clincd to ohnngo tTieir quarters. onj ; At. last some bold bird gave thorn wl)od I pn tlioy camo, fiock after flooKi itasacaio ' duck and teal In quick succession- | 9B — 7 a fir P 03 fast as possible, and our guns WS 'el ' h»t Je could hardly hold them. At first, Wk ' S"'. their numbers and the rush with which mi omnS' L were all a bit unsteady, but soon WBS they ®1"?' improved, and birds were dropping m iteft fions! the boss, as usual, pulling them IU in grand style, and doing by far the mi do? !n petition. Five f Wll( IffS greatest ex wog ovcr . and 27 dead ducks Wk tMitCS upon the banky-that is, after Frank's mi J SdeolFccted all the wounded that did not Hi !a escaping to tlio reeds, which were so if JhSftot it w"3 imr3aible for a ds t0 work m ffl horsemen next galloped off to the other in , lbe " j repeated the operation, uud again we WS irc five minutes, for although many of the m M c d lot be persuaded to run the gantlet MM b„s ime but broke hack over the beaters' M l Twe Mvertheless added 19 to the bag, after II 'fi'wedrove off to another beat which had not ill yet been disturbed. M ' whether we sot slightly out of pur reckoning, m or whether it was one of Frank s fthort cuts, I am m sure, but I rather fancy that even our guide lit a little bit surprised when we suddenly came SB laree sheet of water with tolerably steep H hr ibwd a decidedly snaggy appearance. It ISs pmeil to be the arm of some lagoon, but we Si ,,Mseeno ending to it. It was about 50 yards 88 breadth, tho depth being doubtful ; but an m Australian buggy wUl go anywhere, so in we 68 ? hcj All went well till we got about half SS wav across, when the horses evidently blundered Si inoa hole, and the water wss 6 inches over the MB I! Frank, who was driving, shouted, "Jump Hi on you fellows ; get hold of the wheels," ami HI without a moment's hesitation out wo bundled, B .nd after heaving and struggling at the wheels BB for some minutes up to our necks iu water, SB whilst Frank flogged the horses to keep thmr W& spiriri up, the buggy responded to ouv efforts llf ind dashed out, leaving us a trifle moist in tho m eeutreof the stream. "Well done, lads," said HB Frank as we came dripping to land; "precious HI near a capsize, wasn't it? Just told yon to jump SB in time, ch?" We agreed that be had shown SB great presence of mind, not only in asking cvory- HI body else to jump out, but in remaining iu a dry H situation himself, instoad of handing the reins to m a lighter man (he weighed about 18 stone), and H ve felt rather chagrined to think that we had 1 been working like niggers to get his great carcase Paj eat of a difficulty. Of course he only roared Ml when we taxed him with his want of energy, and M cbaffed us about our drowned rat appearance in HI the most ungrateful manner. However, a \vj ing Eh oat and a warm sun soon put us to rights, and HI we left the buggies and went for a stroll along a K neighboring creek. Here we had some clcsui i|| tory sport, as occasional ducks and teal rose || from the reeds ; very pretty sport too, though B not quite so exciting as the driving. We sawuo |1| geese, but did not lament their absence, as, 6g whether it is for shooting or eating, you can't Bg beat a black duck. After about an hour Frank H began to make allusions to his thirst, and tho Bb boss and I being willing to humor him, we nil Igl returned to the buggies, and found that the rest jUg of the party had assembled, and had camped for H luncheon in a charming bit of wylvan scenery. Bra The men with their bronzed and bearded faces, 51 douched hats and picturesque bush attire, wore g| seated here and there on fallen trees, while the ||j horse?, tethered close by, cropped such scanty jj! herbage as could be found under growing timber. Sgi The shades of the gum trees were very grateful, ||S and the glimpse of the lagoon that was just |H visible through the leaves of the undergrowth 8 seen to much greater advantage thnn when g3 we were struggling to rescue the buggy. Not the B1 least attractive portion of tho tableau was its Bh central feature, consisting of cold mutton, roast H fowls, bread and tho ever present billy of tea. H ®ur appetites required no eauce to stimulate B them, so wo set to with a will, and soon only left H a few fragments for the dogs. A slight pull SS from the bottle, just to assist digestion, con- E eluded the meal. I remember thinking that the B boss and Frank took a long time over that pull B out of the bottle, but they assured me that they B were very slow drinker. I took another glance B at the bottle myself, whilst they were putting H j Korse3 ' au began to think that slow B winking was a very pleasant sensation, g In the afternoon we had some splendid drives, E3 though at times wo had to stand nearly up to our g necks in water — that is, tho boas and I, for g Frank always managed to get a dry billet some g bow or other. It is a curious nensntiou shooting » with vour elbows well under water and your H cartridge belt round your throat, and it would S UvcLeen a trifle monotonous had not tho sport H t ? s? .Eod« As it was, we were rather tired H by oo clock, and wore not sorry when we found H ourselves ouce more at the house, seated in a H caeertul room, warm and dry (outside, for uo l ®ne ?3 fiyerdry inside when he is the guest of an gg Australian). After dinner we amused ourselves Jnting an® hanging up the game all round tho 8 t .a, » :?r nights wore cool enough to 1 rJJP J®c tyrda fresh and firm, if hung up g eparately, though they had to bo packed away g egain before sunrise for fear of flies. 8 t.;,,un? C— — joined us the next day. He hod 8 kf? iJ!r mvasio» of the station the evening BS Wlore at D"1 and llftd i m m A/linfnlir a+Aa.t.wl in 3 iu# k rac»jbout 30 miles ; the conscquonco was 9 finv0 Joshed and had to camp out without 8 .r;Lul)Per#orblanket3, whioh I am told is a mere 9 tJiA«r.vln rather a luxury than otherwise, 9 ink for choice I would H L fa tber bed. Ho seemed nono tho IS L Jw. f outing, and started us off after 1 found til our h,3boting ground, and wo fj the day beforeS Vtr httlo wilder than they were I I0,00","' "r sport would bo to repeat 1 warlv . fcn told, except that I was i one iivrm ? y.tt blBck awan. As a rule 1 to eai r shoots black swans ; thvy are no good I tiitv tn wii .1re ao ornamental that it seems a 1 rule. i! . In' Howover, in this case I broke I them ... standing iu tho middle of a crook, 1 «trinVlnia ,temporary dea,th of duok8i and i for want jf!1,1"13 kePt puuuing over my head. 1 iirainvnt?i ettor ,»musomcnt I found mysolf 1 8ailod along. Presently 1 for me fly,"S rather low, Am, straight I resist tii. ! y Run up, and somohow couldn't 1 when lm who'"!, .10 und 'r'od at liis head 1 just timeA about 30 yards from me. I had 1 M ojj 1W1 ', k my face into tho water when 1 miles ail i3 0 s". goiDg at the rate of 50 1 'ne, knoclrin aw,ajiod into the water behind 1 tto'.ehU " -myr olf,as 14 fell. " Whew !" I n I'll uii! mill l,r0 1 " not slroot swan at all I ("_! ' t'M they have passed." i w»ndcd nil j. over the place, swimming after 1 with bam rip. ?"'! tramping about the bush 1 l,»ut esiusnl'ii 1 should uot have eared 1 Serosa a !«,„« l ?? on one oooasiou I came 1 b'3etLr.U„ni"J'riJ.ef iu the act of killing a I ju9t%ptuCrej.laJ a mUth 3 lo'in.J OIUMP. ''i 0ur soooud day at T we 3 '"to coiufjmi- S? runuing short, and taking 3 matters of Km.-011 t.'10?0 wcro sundry little I '"me, and n j"B' olaiming our attention at j dueks to take bacWo rlbout, 250 8ec, and I " ffas time t„,,, 0 "r friends, wo concluded I "ado a final p„ V rn .our ''""da homewards. We I be foUoJhre of game that night, with I tend ; .hot at T , on "le "furray, 90 | 'econd dnv 97 . 1 Prat y' 18 head ; ditto, Tho ,„?M7 ! grand total, 305. tind host who8,?0,'"8 wo t>'d adieu to our a?ain ,UB 8®ronly promise to tomei y.'trnA n! \ Q?, to our rcspectivo tures, ... ai without further adveu- 