Table 1*\\\\. OucnVN' l'rlnao lUidolf, oC Austria, It is now qulto oortaln oomtnltbod sulclclo through loading a lady ol! oxaltod rank into disgmoo, Ono Austrian Kalaor im mortallsod himself with tho doolarablon that as sovorolgn ho was nob only avpnt gvttminatloum, bub also auporlor to morality, at any rata so far as this par tloular frailty la aoueornod, Howavor, it seetna ttuifc ovon an Austrian Grown Prlnoo is now-a-days oxpoetod to spoalc and act like a eoutlomau. * # * AaaouDiNtt to soma nudnolous gossips In Tomplo Court and Solborno Ohumbors, His Honor OlvloL' Just loo IUgglnbotham la aontomplabing a oaup d'ntat In eon nootlon with tho Glovornot'shlp oC Vlotorla, 01! aourao It Is qulto within tho powor oE bho CJI1I0I! Justice to assume bho Aetlng-Olovornorshlp, It aldod by tho otlior jtulgos, Suoh an ovonb might happou by tho judges refusing to swoar In Sir NMU'am Bobinson, ft Is, howovor, unlikely bhnfc ovou Mr, Justice Hlgglnbotham and tho otlior clomoorablo judgo of llio ft)nproiiio Ooui'fc ol! Victoria would bako any stop which very nearly approaches a revolt against tho authority which Issuos tho oommlsslon to Sir WtUtam lloblnaon uh Acting* Clovornor ol! Vlotorla, tff - . . H« ' # ' Titw Victorian Oablnob Is jubllatib ovor tho prospocta ol! tho general elections, Hosts ol! candidates, and therefore old muiubui's so (uixlouauboub their souta that) tliolr alalins for past sorvlaos nndfuburo graaos can bo troulod cavalierly, whllo ab tho Hitmo tlmo searooly-ono ol! the now candidates has vonburcd bo urltlclHO, much less " slato" tho Coalition Olovornmonb, ? ? * Kt OoriONinri Wi'iMLTiiQ'L'ON'H resignation has pub many a ptonb supporter ol! tho Vlotorlau Clovornineut In a llub ter ol! cxpuutatlnn, for Ministers uow-a«days have few Huoli wiill mu Itti'l tic I positions to bestow upon supporters, no matter what "yeoman's nurvltie " may havo been jpmului'ed, Ifnlll Prol'imMur Pearson known I tin I'ato after /the fft'iieral dilutions, whethor he 1m to remain Minister ;0l! Mdueatlon, no othnr elalmant to the ollloo will bo aCHmsldereil, r! * vi * * Tn m appointment ol! UnhmoL Temploton to tho 01ialr« jmanMhlp of Iilriielui'n of tho Mercantile li'lnauoe and iXimwt Ayoiuiy Uompany, It Is to bo hoped, will have tho ):Ap oll'eob oE preventing tho company from starting any moi'o uowapapora, I luivo uutll now abstalnod from oomrnonting on tho transactions ol! tho Morcantllo FIu aneo with n eortain publlshltfg oompany, aa I aonfl donbly antlalpatod bho present roault-emotions at .'law In fcho Supremo CJourt, which will .dlseloso a peculiar phaso oC financing. ; . 1 " # ' ! ' ' * ' : I THE proposed now Bank of Iflnglnnd and Australia wlbh a eaplbal oE 000,000,a Eourbh of which auin id to bo roproaonbod by paid up mipltal, moota with general favor amongst bualnosa mon in Molbournoi Tlioy hold thivb bhoro la plonty of room for what la gonor<Uly bornied "legitimate" banking buaineaa, tho present luatltutlona bolug ao absorbed In pawnbroklng that bholr rates oE Intoreat atul dlaoounb for ordinary morcantllo ruulaharobrokingbuslnoaa aro propoaborously high, choking oil' much of tho natural oxpanalon of trado,aud Inducing apeculatlon for tho aako oE tho largo proflta nocoaaary to pay (I por uout, on borrowod monoy, The eurloua thing l» that nobody aooins to know anytldng oE tho projoot, who tho promoters aro, or tho proposed directors, Tho gonoral bellol! la that tho wholo projeob was conceived and la being organlaod by ilfliigllah (japllallata burning bholr attention, for tho ilrab blino, in rail oaruaab to tho Auabrallan colonies, , , . * * I'ftM laboab tribute to " Mlai Alloo Oornwoira " bual« ncaa oapaelby lmn been paid by South Auatralla. Aa evoryoito who liaa .vlaltod tho "olby ol' ohurohaa " la paluEully awaro, Adolrtldo has long been In need ol! an outer luvrbor for largo vessels, and the arrangomonta for the comfort oE passengers ami tho tranalb ol! gooda havo boon oE bho mottb primitive, nob to say barbaroua, Idtul. Tlda alaibo ol! bhlnga la about to be alborod for bho betber, aa a bill lma been puisori through I'arlla* inenb which aubhorlaoa tho oonabrueblon ol! an outer harbor, A poworEul Nyndleato ol! Adelaide and Mel bourne oapltallafca haa been formed bo carry matbara out, and bho floating ol! bho Holtoma In London Ims boon oubrusbed bo .Mlaa Ooruwell, 8ho leaves for London next month by bho lllo Jauolro route, which will on able her bo rovlslb her New Zealand friends aiul tho seimes ol! hor youth, Mlaa Oornwoll lma alao oabab« Halted an orgaiilmillon for placing sound mluua upon tho London market without bho liiberveubloii ol! bho middle-mini, Mho will manage bho company personally In London, and a strong hoiu'd has been formed In every Auutrallau colony except lOueunaland, On 13 of Lady Loch's lank publlo appearances-IE nob tho voi'y Inst-will bo In fcho Molbourno Town Hall on Wadriosday, February 27, whan Madame Sehlllor and Madamo Christian will glvoa grand oonoort, This will bo tho EuvowoU porformanoo ol! tho glttod pianht.0 prior to hor departure for London, whoro and In sovoml Oontlnontal oltlos sho luva avmngod toglvo rooltnls dur ing noxb soason. " M, Gommotanb hoard Madamo Sohlller sovoml blmos whon ho was In Melbourne, and tho 'famous art-arttla assured hor that in I'nvla alio would bo rooolvod with aoolamatlou, Wjihn NOW South Wales entora tho Fedoral Clounoll, whloli will probably bo at Its noxb suasion, tho desira bility oil uuourlng uniformity in tha matter of Sabbath obsorvanoo would form a lit subjoob for dlsousslon, At present, tho Sydnoy practice d lifers onblroly from that! ol! Molbourno, In tho formor city, bhoatres nro opon on Sunday ovonlngs | horo thoy aro olosod, Sovoral yoara ago an abbompb to establish Sunday ontortaln monts In Molbourno was iiwulo by Mr. JAtlrolough, tho tragedian, whoso drainatlo rooltals attracted crowded audleuoos to tho Town Hall j bub religious fooling was avousod, doputatlons waited on tho Mayor, and lb was rosolvod nob to lob bho Town Hall again on tho Lord's Day, Tho custom oE having Sunday nlghb ontorbaln monts In Sydnoy dates from bhu bliuu whon Sir Itonry Parkos, against bhu advloo of his Attornoy-Clonoral, prohibited Mr. Proctor, bho asbi'onomai', from lueturlng on a Sunday ovonlng on "Tho Jllrth ol! tho Uulvorao," Tho publlo oonsldorod that this was going too fai'( and suoh an outory was raised thab tho (Havornmoiib havo uovor IntorEorocl ulnao. Monay Is now talcon ab bho doors on Sunday as oponly as on any othor day, Hub tho authorities appeal1 to havo declined to allosv bho Jflxhlblblon Uulldltig to bo usod on Sunday by Mi'. Oowon'H oi'ohoHbm, as tho saoi'od oonaorb was glvon In Hor Majesty's Thontro j and a oousoloutlous objection bo Sunday onborbnlniu.outs ol! any dosorlptlon Is said to havo boon bho mason whloli Induood Mi', 11, S, Smybho bo withdraw his original oll!or bo engage tho Centennial Orehosbra for Sydney, Considering tho short distance thab soparabos Molbourno from Sydnoy-nob a slxbh o£ bliab which divides Now York Kt'otn Ban Vrauolsoo--It soonis sbrange that bho olvla regulations alVecblng Simclay bbttovvanoo In tho two capitals should bo ho dlffleroub', # * * . Lix vlaw oi! tho proaoclby ol! Australian babluii and of ones inoi'O piU'UuiUui'Iy, lb liitti boutl OQna sidcvcd expedient) by \\[somei ofi the more advanced thinkers among our infantry, to establish a Baby .Club in/Melbourne.) and at a preliminary mooting hold a few days ago, the following avtlcles of association wove drafted by tho honorary sccrctavy, and will bo sub mitted to a mass mooting to bo hold In tho Town Hall rioxt wools, oil svhlclvdnc notloo will bo given ;-? : Avtlolo 1. This association shall bear the name of .tho Baby.Olub, and tho number of membors shall bo unlimited." " 2. .Every candldato for admission must bo pro posed by tho ownor of a toy shop, and sooondod by a yonclov of lollies. y , 3XN0 oandklato will bo eligible if loss tlian a wook or ^frioL'o than seven yoava old, and mnat produoo a ooi'tlfl bato oE vaccination. b 4. Pavonts can only bo admitted into tho stmngoiv room. . , ;; ; 8\. Political mooting* and discussions avo strictly for bldilon. - 0, Bab I os o£ all o roods aro eligible for admission. 7\. A yoavly exhibition oE dolls nnd bon-bons will bo hold. 8\. Otymos of ohnnoo nro rigorously prohlbi tod. 9\. Malo and fomalo mombora must not vldo upon tho samo rocklng-horso. 10\. Thoro will bo a nurao's bivfEob Cor tho bonoflt of InEantllo mombors, who will pay n Eoo oE ono shilling foi a quarter oE an hour's l'oEroshmon t. OHATtiiBV Jofforson, who will bo ramomborod by old playgoors, as a morry boy whon his father vlsltod thoso aolonlas, has just takon to shoop-farinlng, For tunafcoly ho did so on a small soalo j for tho oxporl mont provod a failure, This, at loast, Is tho old gontlo man's statement, and horo aro his own words!-." My boy'bought a aavt load of morlno shoop and shipped thorn down homo to my plantation. You oouldn't got neat* Ohavllo at first, ho was so proud, but In loss than . month thoao ahoop all got tho foot dlsoaso, and died and wo didn'tsavo onough wool from thom to maka an ayobrow for " Kip.' " ' * ' * * As most paopla aro awaro, who know anything tho topography of tho Unltod Statas, thoi'o Is a town named Troy in tho Stato of Now York, and that town oontalns a laundry, and tho man who runs that laundry advorblsos that tho boautlEul Holari, Immortallsod by ? Homof, alwayd had hot' ouflto and collars, and under llnon got up In a Troy laundry j which suggoHts t vory natural question, was Hootor maiiglod In a Tr laundry V * m T HTiouriii llko to havo soon a raoonb porEormanoo Hamlot ab tho Star Thoatro, In Now York, whon Mi1 Owon O'Connor sustained tho .olmmotor of,tho molan oholy Prlnoo. Not that tho ontortalnmont was molan oholy. Quito tho rovorso, In faot It was grootod with roars ol! laughtor and yoUs ol' applauso, at whloh tlio aotorgonoruUysiuUod, although oooaslonally hol'rosvnod ft wa« not Shulcupouro's Hamlot, oxoluslvoly, for a good cloal oE lb was supplied by tho ivuillonoo. For example ,,whon talking with hl« doad father, tho portly roprosun , fcablvo oE tho glass ol! fashion and tlio 'mould ol! fornw ' oxolalmocl, " Hoavoti unci oarbh I must I remember about 100 voloos frankly and otioori'ully unsworod " No don't I" Tho boys all laughed and Hamlot Hinllod iEulnbly, Whon tho ghost bookonod him away uud oomrados hold'him baok tlioy exhibited a now,stylo wliago wi'OHblo, Tlioy workod ltl« arms' llko tho piston rods ot a stationary onglno, amid .groat applause and orlos ot "Author I Author I Hpoooh I" Whon tho 'ghost began balking to Hamlot In tho ncixb saauo, no , Ijocly ooulil undui'Htand nioro than ono-blilrtl ot what ' SVUH Haying, mo ovuryljudy talkud to hid nolghbour,' JUvon thou tlio ghost ramblod on / ho tho boyaitrloil to qulob him by saying, loudly, "Jfinralgh I" alitor tho munnot ol! ono who oloai'M his throat cloprooatlngly, Thl« dliln work, ho (juo and all yollod " Ta-ra-ra" ;Iim Uowory fashion. That Icnookod out tho ghost, and tho IIOIIDO applaitduil him »nu I'urloiiMly fur going ivway, that HOIIIO oonworvafclvo pooplo foitrod ho mlgltd ooinuibnok. Wlum olil I'olonluH oamo ambling In, In tho uuooiul aot, oarry Iny hlii ool n|)oar or whatovor ho oullii hlo stall! in IiIh right linud, " Look at Hii-1.cs, the loppcr, on his last lap I" yollod throe of four mon together. Anothoi hurrlonno of applause, langhitiginm'l Comancho whoops drownod nil talk bohlnd tho footlights. Mr. O'Connor is fond of saving "Aha" In tho guttural, ong-drnwn-out stylo made famous by Mr. Irving. T11 tho soconrl net ho did It twlco, and a dozen young mon In llio ntidlonco snovod In ohor'ns by way of nnswor. In tho next not, Opholln, aftor Hamlot loft lior, said : " Oh, woo is mo that T hnvo soon this thing!" " Us, too," shouted tho ovowd, nnd thon laughod madly nt its own joko. Thoy laughod and applauded so long and loudly that when Hamlot O'Connor oamo on again ho was laughing too and couldn't go on with his linos for somo aoconds. While tho too loving pall* wore quari'olingi a blonde young man camo down tho alslo and gavo thobnss- flddlo man a beautiful oabbngo to hand ovov tho footlights as a tribune. Tho flddlor grlnnod and fumbled with tho prlzo, and 800 voices yollod s " Hand It up I" Novor thole ss, tho flddlor woalcond and was afmid. At tho funeral of Ophelia In tho fifth not, ovorybody on tho stage was grinning, for a magnlfloont cabbage had boon dopositod on tho boavds. 33von tho King nnd tho Quoon laughod whonovoi' thoy onmo near It. Laortos leaped out of Ophelia's half-flllod grnvo and grapplod with Hamlet In a dondly wrostlo. To and fro, Hko a hobby-hovso, the young mon swnyod to tho front nmld orlos of " BvoaU t Break away, thoro I" nnd " Tlmo I" Thon said Hamlot to tho nudlonoo, " You havo a grudgo against mo," Tho nudlonoo npplnudod wildly and yollod, " Go on. No grudgo, old boy." Whon Ham lot first touched Laortos in tho fonolng bout ho orlod, "Judgment!" and about 100 young mon yollod promptly, " Not out." From this tlmo to tho end thoro was hardly a lot-up to tho noise. When tho King was stnbbod by Hnmlot his faoo was full of woo, but as soon as ho foil comfortably doad on his broad back ho laitghod and ohucklod till tho end oE tho play. # # # A FnKxatl profossor of tho art of kissing has ro oontly established himself In Philadelphia, whoro ho thinks thoro Is plenty oC scope for hla systom oE In struction booauso Amorlcan klssors, as n general rule, aro tooi Impulsive, nnd aro Insonslblo to tho oeatntlo delight oE a calm, woll-oonsldorod and dollbomto kiss, "Of oourso," said ho, to tho iuovlfcablo iutoi'vlowor, "I give my own kissing losaons to tho girls, but .1 novor allow my fasolnatlon for somo oE them to ovoroomo my hotter judgmoiu. What Is thoro In kissing? Just us nuioh, If not moro, than thoro 1h In eating, Tho next tlmo you go to soo your girl, young man, kiss hoi lightly and with doliboratlon. IE sho linppon to bo Htnndlng, ilust put your loEt arm around her waist nnd clvasv hor to you. OE. oourso, sho'll bo bashful. She will turn her hoad away, Then you must put your right hand to hor loEt ohook, tho hand open, and draw hor faoo around to you, Thon look hor straight hi the eyes for half a mluuto, bond your hoad down slowly and proparo for notion, Don't puokor up your Hps, Allow thorn to romaln In natural roposo, Don't push' your mouth against hors us IE you woro going to knock hot' tooth out, Whon tho lips uvo forood together tho toothoomoInoontaotwith tlio llpsund form a roslstunou whloh isdooldodly unpleasant, Thollpsshould Just moot and thoro should bo just tho slightest prassiiro, Thou* »v llttlo plnylul motion ot tho lips by tho klssor nnd tho kissed sonds through you a thrill that Is unotlon to tho soul Itsolt. When you oun do this, you will bo an no. oompllshod kisser. OE oourso, thoro aro other and moro advimood stages lu tho art oE kissing, Thoro Is that dollalous, lovnblo, abandonod kiss that Mary Anderson glvos to liigomar whon slio plays I'urthoulu Kissing oivu bo nuulo moro olTooblvo ami umoli moro delicious by assuming oortuln utfcltiulos, suoh us tho uotrossos ussumo," * « * By tho doivlh oE 1'i'lnoo JDttgoiio of CJurlguuuo tho last lnstimoo ol! moi'BiuMifclo marriage dlsupponrs from Mm .Mouse oE Huvoy, It is woll known that his wlfo was ol! thohumbluHt iiarontago,also tl.at King YUitor Wnuiniml'H second wlto was ttio ' Uolhi Uuslna," tlu. dau,<h(,u' of a hci'hoihiI.major, and that Um Dowager huuhuMs of Uomni, tho present CJuuo.i'* mother married, onmnmlt,, ««( Uor own majovdomo, llio M,u'I,uIh ol! Uuppallo. J J'MimiKjl mllioi'(.(Isoomiiionunoud this lust jimluli when it was contemplated, but tlio Dowager Duchess sharply retorted, " You have little right to roproacli mo llappalla is at least, a Marquis, hat you havo all marrlotl tho merest commoners." * * Mr. Justice John Edward Donniston, oE tho Supreme Court of Now Zealand, was.born in 1845 nt Blshopton, noar Glasgow. His school career was a brilliant ono, and In his last joar nt Greonoelc Aeadomy ho was gold medallist as best scholar in classics and mathematics, At Glasgow Univorslty ho gained a valuable scholar ship open to all students from tho populous counties of Lanarkshire and llonfrowshiro. At collogo ho com menced to study for tho bar, but was interrupted by his leaving for Now Zealand in company with his fathor (Mr, Thomas Donniston, of Invoroarglll), niul brothers, In 1802. He ontored tho olvll sorvlco on reaching tho colony, serving in the Tost OfUeo clopart mont at Tnvorearglll for soma tlmo under Mr. 13, D, Butts, tho prosont olilof postmastor in Duneclln, niul afforwards in Ohrlstehurch. Ho loft tho public sorvlco for that oE tho Bank of Now South Wales. During tho six years of his oaroor in tho bank, ho again took up his law studios, and obtained a position in tho ofllco of Mr. W. D, Stewart, solicitor, just vaaatod by Mr. (now Sir Robert) Stout. Aftov completing his examination, Mr, Donniston joinodMr. George Hutchison in praotlco at Wanganui for a few months, but afterwards joined Mr, Stowarb in Dunodln as a partnor, Mr, Allan HOIuim shortly afterwards also joining tho firm, On tho open ing of tho Otago Univorslty Mr, Donniston attended tho Latin and Mental Philosophy classes, bocomlng <i prly,email in both, Mr. Donniston was manioc! In 1877 to a daughter of tho lato Hon, John Bathgate, THE Hon, Oaptnln Somorsot, who was a passenger by tho Ilomo last week, comes out to tho oolonlorfor tho sako of his health. On tho arrival of tho.ltomo nt Colombo a tologram was reaoivod by Captain Somerset oltorlng him tho position of nl do-do* on rap to tho nowly appointed 13ovornor of South Australia, tho Kiwi of Klntovo, The offer was deellnod, Oaptaln Somorsot's trip to Australia having boon uudortakou by direction of his modloal advisor. # # # MANY IIAVPY Bbtubus of thm DAY, Ox Friday, February 8 i-To Mr, William Tumor Moffat, born 1824, To tho Hov. Gaorgo Wudo Watson, born 1888, To Mr, Frodorlok AVlUlnm 1-1 tuition, Argus, born 18M), To Mr, Arthur Clamor, born 1851. On Saturday, Kobrttary I) To Mr, William llonitott Hull, bom 18*21, To Mf, Honry Uoughton Hogg, born 181 (I, To Mr, Olmrlos Honry Haggar, born 1864, On Sunday, February 10 s-To Dr, Thomos Wilson, born 181(1,- To Miv I'UlppH Turnbull, bont I Ml'. To Major«C-loiidml Fmuols Dowuos, O.M.Q., born 1BIM, To Mr, lfldward All'rod L'atoMon, bom 1842, To Mr, William Nicholas Laooy, bom 1855, To Mr, J'ainciH John Itlalmi'dson Komi, Portland Guardian, born 1808, On Monday, i'obruavy 111-To tho ltov, WJIllum i/onnlngH, barn IB-M, To tho ltov. Robert ISthvm'd Oraddook, born 185(1. On Tuesday, Kobruary 12 i-To Mr, Harrlo Wood born IHHl, To tho Kuv. William Poolo Weill' 'J" tho Hov, John Itloli Walker, To tho Hov. David UadKor, On WudnoMilay, Kobruary .11) i-To Mr. M'Omuktm, born IH1B, To Mr, Willtnin born 1815(1, Tu tho ltov, Christopher Nulty, ?18DH, To Mr. Arthur Handcii's Way, born 18'7i To Mr, Nnllmnlul Mroakoy M'Kay, Nuiutii'kni Nbandat'J; horn I MM), (hi Thimiduy, Kobntary I I To Mr, iTonry Tliomnf Hammond, born 18IIU, To Mr, William Villo"1'110 UoliliiHoii, llaitmrd, horn 16117. To Ml'i Wllllfl111 Yvooti Unloliolli, lioni l«yi», [T; UOtiVtM'h 