OUR LADIES' KEWS-XfflTTER. [From our Lady Correspondenti Icondnn. Rontnmhap 97. 1SS9. The English Princesses presented the Qaeea of Dennmik with some pretty presents on ths anniversary of her birthday. The Princess of Wales gave her mother a bracelet and a hand some fan, Princess Victoria and (Pcincees Maude of Wales gave a gold brooch. The Prince of WaleB sent hiB royal mother-in law a gold catket embellished with gems. Tha Caui&ft;'s birtnday present to her mother com prised a diamond brooch, handsome bracelet, and an umbrella with a watch in the handle. The royal families of England and Basis seem to bdjoj the quiet life.and the abaense of royal splendor and state ceremonies ia tha Danish court Hbs mighty Emperor of Russia; owing to want of BDMeinhis royal father- in- ? lav's borne, -washes and dresses himself in a nook that has to serve aB his wife's handout »nd his own study as well. Alexander lit. delightB in shaking, off the splendor of his exalted position, and -becoming as he does on these occasions a private gentleman. Tha Arcadian simplicity of the Danish fr-mrt, as compared with Imperial state in Russian palaces,, is also appreciated by the Empress of Kama. It is said that she and oar beloved Princess of Wales amusethemselvesby playing toeether, or with their mother, duets on tha selfsame old piano on which ttey took their first music lessons. The Duchess of Fife must be missed by her grandmother. She stayed ia JKepland in her own home, where she baa been entertaining for the first time her father and brothers. Madame Albani had the honor of singing be fore the Queen at Balmoral last week. Hee afejesty does not pay Madame Albani* bafe gives her some little memento ol her visit, which is an annual one. The Qaeen, it ia understood, entertains a personal regard foe this delightful vocalist. Mr. Wolff also is a favorite at court, and goes frequently ta Windsor to play to the Qaeen, the Prineess Beatrice often accompanying him. Her Royal Higbnees is an excellent musician. Poor Wilkie Collins will be greatly missed from the ranks of novelists. His works were always read with interest, not only by hia country men and women, bat bis novels had! been translated into many languages, which is a sure test of popularity. One of. Wilkie Colline's earliest works, ' The Woman in White,' is generally considered his bast novel, sn opinion shared by the author him« self Mr. Edmund Yates, who knew Wilkie Collies . intimately, ; eays he sought relief from nervousness by indulging in opium to Buch an extent that the doBCB were larga enough to kill a ' ship's crew unaccustomed ta the drug.' The novelist w&b; subject to gout, and often had to use his pen when suffering great agony. When his brain was highly wrought he suffered from hallucinations. It is Eaid te once told a friend that when ab solved in bis work at midnight he was haunted by apparitions, and by one ghost in particular. Tbia waB a fearful, shapeless, monster with eyes of fire and big green fangs. The appaat ance of these creations of an overworked brain made tbe novelist throw down his pea and make a precipitate departure from tha study to his bedroom. With Scotch ladies golf is as popular aa cricket is in England. At St. Andrews, North Eerwich, and several other headquarters of tha ' royal and ancient game' golf tournaments ate the order of the day, She 1st of November will witasss a unique ceremony in Westminster Abbey, namely, the consecration of five bishops. Their lordafaipa are, severally, the Bishops of Sydney, Travan core, Yomba (West Indies), and the Bishopa of Derby and Reading. MisBMary Anderson is visiting William' Black, the novelist, at his residence ia the Scottish Highlands. She has quite recovered her health and spirits, and her geniality has quite won all Scotch hearts. She may be fre quently Been walking, rowing, yachting, and visiting places of interest with Mr. Black's children. It is thought that she will not return to the stage for a long time, &b; it is her wish ta have a locg rest. Same of Mr. Black's most charming novels are ' The Story of a Feather,11 ' White Wings.' ' A Daughter of Heth,' and f Adventures of a House Boat.' Thera ate. also many others. According to popular rumors the Crown Princess Stephanie of Austria is not to marry; a second heir apparent to tha throne. It was currently reported that such a match was in contemplation, the eaid heir being, it was affirmed, greatly enamored of his widowed cousini It was well understood that the pro jected match was most distasteful to tha Emperor Francis Joseph, and it is just passible that the whole story was a canard only. Now, it is told with some show of authenticity that the widowed arch-duchess at the expiration of her year of mourning will espouse a rich Hun garian noble. We have heard that the prin cess is proud, bat never that she is ambitious, Probabiy she has discovered that happiness does not make courts its habital, and trusts ta find in private life domestic peace and love, the only case on which complete happiness eves, tests. Strangers and foreigners when visiting strange cities often miss seeing mnch that is interesting on account of their topographical ignorance, and by reason also of lack of infor mation in relation to passing events. To remedy this 'A Court Bureau and Fashionable Registry Office' has been opened in London, the promoters being none other than the Duchesses of Aberoora and Cleveland, Maria Marchioness of Aileabury.theOountesses of Cork and De Grey, also Lady Claud Hamilton. The object is to facilitate com munication .between visitors to London, by publishing every week a gazette of addresses and information in connection with forth coming events. The scheme ia an excellent oce, and doubtless will be much appreciated. It might be carried out in other large centres on the European Continent and elsewhere. The Woman'* World, a magazine for the f ale sex, and edited by Oscar Wylde, only lived through its twelve months' probation. Thoaa most interested in its issue are naturally moat bitter in their expression of vexation at tha failure cf the venture. See the following:-^ ' The Woman's World' was Btarted with tha idea that there were enough women of culture to support a really high-class magazine, who could not find sufficient soul-satisfying read ing in the twaddly pages of the ordinary women's paper.' The writer then draws atten tion to tbe flourishing condition of the Queen and the Ladies' Pictorial. The readers or con tributors to these serials will hardly feel flattered by the inference to be drawn from the; above remarks, Strange accounts are current of the strained relations which exiet between certain royal personages. It is said that Prince Henry ot Battenburg is the disturbing element in this case. Prince S3 Beatrice's influenca with hee mother is paramount. Princess Beatrice adores ber huEband, and he through her governs tha Qaeen, his mother-in-law. Tee Doke of Fifa. it seems has been annoyed in some way by thai conduct of his arrogant uncle by marriage.' The husband of jPrincess Louise of Wales: being an older man than hia new relative.' and being, moreover, supported in jhia quarrel by bis father in law, the Prince oC Wales, is not inclined to put up with the inter, ference of Henry of S&tttn;&nig.; An element of discord, therefore, exists which ia not likely to be removed without mnch unpleasantness* Evidence, of the royal domestic disturbance; was eeea when at the recent ball given by tha Duke and Duchess of Fife at New Mar Lodge, in honor of the Prinoa of Wales none of the members ot tha Court at Balmoral were present. The Date ol Edinburgh would not go, Princess Beatrice and Prince Henry were not asked, and her Majesty would not allow Princess Louise, Marchioness of Lorne, to attend. The Queen is under the hands of a momeuit as a remedy from rheumatism, from whicU painful malady her Majesty and more than one of her daughters eulfer greatly. We who have undergone the salutary rubbing described as wattage speculate curiously about this operation performed on the sacred person oC the sovereign of this realm. To be effiaacious a certain liberty of action on the part of tha masseuse is presupposed, and such necessary freedom is bo inconsistent with the forma ob served in all approaches to the Queen's person ? that we wonder who is the medical rubber; selected to perform this more than delicate; operation. The Prince and Princess of Wales when they eave Denmark trill go to vibit the Duke and Duchess of Cumberland. They will then pro* ceed to Athens to witness the marriage between their nephew, the Crown Prince of Greece, and their niece, Princess Sophia of -Prussia, Ihe presents of the Qaeen (her grandmother] -o Princess Sophia includes the inevitable Caebmcre eh awl, a parure of diamonds, and a tea service of old Derby china, with teapot of richly-chased silver and eu^ar basin of rook; crystal. The fondness of Americans for diamonds is; notorious ? tbey wear them on .all and every occasion. The latest caprice is to adorn batting dresses with these costly stones. Tha crszewas initiated by a young woman who evolved the idea that her gems would be safes on her person than if left in the bathing-van, - 80 she decorated herself with them ; and. nata* rally afraid last Father Neptnne should prora a thief, kept well out of his reach, merely per- . nutting the foam of the asa to play around hee extremities. In this manner the lady not only displayed her jewels, tut a oharmfng figure also, which ier dainty bathing costuma expressed rather than concealed, - Tbe norelty of the action Attracted many, »nd now othn American ladies, charitably supposed to ba anxious about the safety of . their earns, «ra daily disporting on theaands with their onn$ BBtntB Very tench en^TMeaea. '-' - ' It kmkl RnBMtn toaw-*regw-ay addietea - ip tfceTiw^ot^amlffhg^MBaSB^BumyiBtata - laud a CEBtnry ago womai wcw*nada.Sbteait gM&blete;, bat they trae contest 4rith*uiatiet ctakeB. An old retainer of fta Foley €anrtlr* told mB that I*dy Foley mkLb friend, »l*o 4 a lady, »nce bet a heavy earn on the result of & race between two ineecW oJ tbe cpecies known as ' «rood lice.' The tcovemente of one of then sot being active enough to please the fait backer she foolishly thought to give it impetus byjueacB of a pin, with the result of course that the creature at once assumed the form of a ball. So the foolish race was won by the rir.il inject. 6i d (he stake by its backer. Tfce increase of bald heads h»s incited arae interested and curious persons to try to dis cover a reason or reasons for loss of hair, Arcotg thete it ia stated tbat tbe disease is contagious. People who visit hairdressers ehcnld alyaje take their own combs aaj brushes, and iatiit on these being need abd no either, for it is asserted that the cause of bill fcetK= i£ conveyed by means of those implements if nte^ promiscuously. Another theory is that the air if tainted with germs of baldness, and that cats au^ does in certain hairdressers' shops are teen to beJ^eeted. The training bt doge for military purposes is fceirg proo-fded wifct actively in the Austrian army, end it is said satisfactory results have been obtained by some P' the regiments in Bosnia, One of these soldier-dogs the other day carried a meBEage over a dktanceiof eight miles in an hour and five minutes. According to the trainer*, the best dogs for warlike purposes are pointers, poodles, and sheep dogs. Tne education consists in training the dogs to canjr messages and ammunition, to guard places ana Repots, bUo to perform outpost duty. Many years *go there appeared a series of cfev -rartideBeotitled ?'TheGirlof the Period ' rrhev vteTe satirical and not a little severe also on the tiT'ties of young women who indulged in certain affectatioDB cf dress and manner. The writer 9C* Mrs. Lynn JLynton. the well inown novelist aJ^ eesayiBt. Under thenom de plume 'Scrutator,' this lady is now Pennine a ierieB of corresponding f^les entitled ' The Seven Ages of Women. ' The third appears in tbe current number of Tru'th under the bead of ?? The Debutante.' It hae this powerful pas sage by w»y of final :-'Tfae loathsome mm with the coloEsal fortune or the hi^h-Bounding title yields himeelf prisoner to the gir* who has ect herself to make a wealthy marriage/ From this thre onward tbe life of the deoutaBv0 . « IB like nothing so much as that of the poor Hin doo tvidow on her way to the funeral pyre— save tbat the Hindoo widow had both more spiritual exaltation in hn sacrifice and more personal shrieking from its performance. The tom-toms of eociety beat to drown any chance cry that icsy escape her. Congratulated on all sides for the wonderful suceeBa that has crowned her first season, she does not confesB even to herself the price the has to pay. Intoxicated with the in ceDEe of fiattery, blinded by the dazzling splen dor of the gewgaws for which she is about to barter all tbat is sacred in life and precious in womanhood, she goes to the altar as her proto type went to the funeral of her dead lord. The barren faith of the poor deluded Hindoo widow was & rabliiner thing than the sordid enjoy ment of the scheming debutante who in the flower of her life and the first richness of her joucg beauty marries a man she does not love, and perhaps abhors, for the sake of his money or his rank. ' These be thy gods, O Israel,' and an unsatisfying and bouI 'destroying set cf deities they, ate.' 