The Ladies' Gallery.* CHAPTER XXXIII. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, M.P., AND MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. The Binbians lived in Carlton House Terrace. Their house had been the property of a noble lord, with an historic name and an almost historic collection of bric-a-brac and paintings, who had ruined himself on the Turf; and Binhian had bought the house as it stood, and had there established himself with bis wife. It was a very beautiful house, looking out at the back on St. James's Park, with a great hall and spaoious reception-rooms, and a vast con servatory that was indeed like a small winter garden, and was filled with palms and curious cactus plants and orchids and all the rarest and most beautiful flower* that gardeners' art oould supply. Binbian had a fancy that Berenice should be surrounded with flowers, and that the delicate tenderly-nurtured blossoms should somehow symbolise his love and care for her. As they stepped out of the cold night into the warm luxurious hall, the soft atmosphere was laden with the scent of lilies of the valley, and all about the supper table were slender vase* of Venetian glass and little bowls filled with the most exquisite tea- roses. Berenice threw off her fur cloak and sat down by the Are, pale and silent, while Binbian eagerly questioned Ransom ; and Rick, for all his bravery and determination, at times gave nervous and embarrassed answer*, when Binbian's affectionate anxiety pressed home on some Horo point, or whon Binbian appealed to Berenice, and he dared not look towards that dark form by the fire for tho maddening con sciousness that hi** eyos might meet those other deep sad eye*, aad, whether he would or not, speak the silent language whioh was forbidden to them both. Seeing her thus, in her own home, by Binbian's fireside, tho reality of tho situation was borne in upou him with a new and more poignant bitterness. For the moment it was almost mora than he oould bear. He oould not speak to her. It seemed a mockery nf the pa»t to offer her the ordinary social trivialities. At first, while they were seated at supper, he ndther looked at her nor addressed her. Then suddenly he became cousoious that Binbian's eyes moved from him to Berenice with a per plexed expression, and, spurring himself to the effort, he began to talk to her—the conventional talk about her house, her London life, the Parliamentary prospects—forced, by lack of power to command his voice, to be as rigid and Conventional as the veriest stranger. She answered him constrainedly, coldly. Both were too deeply moved to know how unlike they were to their ordinary selves, or to guess how their manner must strike Binbian. Again, as these stiff bald commonplaces were inter changed, Binbian gave a troubled glance at his wife and at his friend. A sense of bewilder ment orept over him and an uneasy feeling that something was wrong. He was aware that they had met in America, and had oome to gether across the Atlantic, and that Ransom had been a frequent visitor at the bank. Was it not through Ransom's instrumentality that hts wifehad been given back to himP A dart ing fear pierced his heart. Might not this be a cause of. resentment on Berenice's part against Ransom P It was this, perhaps, which made her so distant and Richard so ill at ease. Berenioe had fancied herself free. It was Ransom who, in his passionate wish to serve his friend, had discovered her and told her the troth, and so worked upon her in the name of duty as to force her back into what she felt to be slavery. He got up hastily from his ohair, and stood for a minute with his back to the fire watching her— notioing how she avoided meeting Ransom's eyes, and how Ransom looked away from here when he spoke to her. The d robt was horrible. She looked up at him. Her clear candid gaze drove away the grim fanov. On some pretext, he went to her side. " You look tired, my dear," he said. There was something peculiarly tender in his "my dear'"; it always touched her curiously. " No," she answered at onoe, " not at all tired or ready for bed—unless"—she hesitated —"unless you and Mr. Ransom have a irreat deal to say to eaoh other and would rather I went away." " Why, no," said Binbian simply. " Rick knows that I've no secrets from my wife. It's a partnership of three now. You must mind that, Rick and Berenioe;" and he gave a little husky laugh. " But there's no need for me to tell you two that you must be friends," he added wistfully; " you've been friends for a long time. Isn't it so, Riok—Borenioe ?" In the moment of dead silence that followed his appeal, the moment in whioh that unhappy Jiair braced up their strength, whioh had baen altaring, for the part they had to play, Bin bian again felt the paralysing doubt. But it was only for a moment. Berenioe spoke gravely and steadily. "No, Gregory, there is no need. Mr. Ransom and I are friends; and we shall always be friends, I hope." She went near to Ransom and put out her hand. The young man took it in his. Its touoh was cold as deith. The touoh seamed to lift him above his cowardly emotion and fill him with soorn of his own weakness. Hi would show her that he oould be strong. There was no trace of agitation in his voice. " Yes, dear old mate. Friends always—the be3t and truest —better and truer friends than we have ever been—now that you are our common interest." He turned to Berenice, and deliberately said her name for the first time in speaking to her. " Mrs. Binbian, that's saying a good deal. You have always been kind to me, and have encouraged and helped me in the right way. And then there's Tony," he went on with feverish eagerness, not allow ing her time to speak. "I do want to hear all * The rivbt of publication in Queensland of "Tvs Ladies' Gallery" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. about Tony, and Sir Anthony, and Lady Strange, and Miss Dell." " Thoy are all well and exceedingly happy just now," Berenice anawerefh wiy^-.foroed lightness. "My umJ^^dNjahJur are at the bank, and Philippa4[as>lA»JMi'away r for. ever so long. She went/ro.^wltzerlanci,'first to join Mr*. Lanoe—the'artist, you k:nA»r, with whom she lived at tbe ißoftons-vand Mrs. Lance had a brother who 'died', and"who, I feel sure, was fond of Philippa', and has b^en Abond between Philippa and Mrs"* Le^nca> : A\hyhow, Philippa has wintered with xher .abroad; and I fancy somehow from Philippa's letters that she is not quite so heartless in her pursuit of' copy' as she used to bo." " And Tony f" asked Ransom. " Tony is with them now at Nice. I have some news to tell you about Tony. Wo only heard it ourselves yesterday, and it has made us all glad." "I oan guess what it is," said Ransom. " Miss Dell has at last made up her mind that Tony's mode of love-making is sufficiently fervid and original and varied to servo her as a lasting model for her heroes." Binbian laughed heartily, and Berenice faintly echoed his laugh. "Yen: it is true," he said. "Tony has asked Philippa to marry him, and she has con sented at tact; and they are coming home soon, and then everything will be settled." " I've never seen Miss Dell," Binbian said. "Do you know, Riok, I had a fancy for a bit, till Tony put it out of my head, that you had fallen in love with Miss Dell, and that she had refused you, and that she was the reason why you went wandering." Richard shook his head and laughed a little bitterly. " That was a foolish fancy, Jo. I'm not one of the marrying sort; and, besides, Tony was in the field from tbe first. Tony stood to win from tho start. No: Miss Dell isn't responsible for my roaming fit." " What is responsible, my boy ?" "The nature of the beast. Why, Binbian Jo, don't you remember how I went down to Melbourne, intending to have a high old time, aud how I made tracks for the bindi before I'd been three weeks in that Babylou of the AntipodeMp That's the way it was with me here. Your fine civilisation is a sickening thing—tho heartlensness and faWnes* of it, the mammon-worship, the trampling of souls and tho fttarving of bodies, and the boneless ness of trying to make the e\il less! You'll jret to feel like that at the end of next sea«on, Binbian. You'll long to escape from the glare and gas and humbug and misery—from the finely- dressed crowd* and the ragged creatures in the streets. You'll long for a little bit of Nature—for the sound of the wind among the shea-oaks, and the sweet pure note of the bell bird in the scrub." " I feel tike that sometimes now, Riok. But it's my mission to stop among the crowds, and it's your mission too. And then you oan hear a bell-bird with a sweeter nobler tune than that you and I listened to in the old days in the scrub. When I'm sick of the mammon worship and all the rest, and fanoy myself somehow tart of the show and the sham, and hate myself for being the man I am, that note fills me with thankfulness and joy, and seems to raise me into a better purer life. Berenice, you'll not smile at our fauoy, and you'll be our bell-bird—Rick's and mine. It's getting late, my dear, and you're palo and should go to your rest; but will you sing one song to Riok and me before you goP" " Yes, certainly, Gregory, if you wish it." There was a piano in a recess in the room, and Berenice sat down to it. " What shall I sing P" sho asked. " Choose for me, Gregory." He went into an adjoining room to search among some music. Berenioe played softly, and Ransom sat listening as if he were in a dream. Neither of them spoke a word till Binbian came back. He put a piece of music on tho stand before Bere nice. " I've brought you this." he said—" one of my best favourites. It's a little poem we found in an old American magazine, Rick, and ehe »et it to music" Berenioe sang— What shall I do, my dear. In the comius; years. 1 wonder, "When our paths, which lie bo sweetly near, fch«ll lie so far asundor 1 And how will it bo with you Jn this weary world, I wonder? Will you lo\e mc still with a love ns true When our paths lie far asunder! A s vee^er ralder thing My life for bavins- known you; For ever my moat sacred kin, My soul's eoul, I must own you. For ever mine, my friend, From June to life's December; Not mine to have and hold- Mine to pray for and remember. Tho way U short, mv friend, That stretches out before in; God* tender hen-ens above us bend, His love is smiling; o'er us. A li tlo while is ours For sorrow or for laughter. I lay tbe hand you l<>ve in yours Un the shore of the Hereafter. Her voice was cloar and true to the end. When she had finishod she got up from the piano, and Richard rose too and went towards her. " They are good words," he paid abruptly and unsteadily. " I—l l'ke the song. I shall take the thought of it away with me. It—it should make me bettor. Good night." " Good night," she said, and put her cold hand rme more in his. Binbian followed Ransom out into the hall. He wanted him to stay longer, but Ransom refused. " Not to-night, Jo. I'm not in the mood Bomehow for talking and smoking—not settled down yet. Come round to my diggings to morrow—the old place, you know—and we'll have a good old yarn." " All right, Riok. I'll not bother you now : but tell me"—Binbian hesitated, with an almost boyish shyness—" tell rae, do you think she looks well—looks happy F" " Yes," answerod Ransom doggedly. "She looks well, and she looks happy. You will make) her happier yet, Jo." "It's what I pray for," said Binbian rvently. " Rick, I owe this to you. You found her, and you gave her back to me. God bless you for it, Rick. God bless you for all you've done for me. It's foolish sentiment to talk of paying with one's lifo; but you ro roember the vow I made, Kick, that night we ! became mates. If it wanted my life to pay you, j you should havo my life, and thankfully. Good night, mate." j The men clasped hands, and Itishard stepped | out into the clear starlit night. Binbian stood for a rainuto and watched him with something of the look that a father might send after a dearly loved son, over whom his wholo heart was yearning, but who, he knew, had some hidden care, to which even a father's love could not reach. "He's not tho brave cheery chap he used to be—not so full of hopo and eagerness," murmured Binbian. " There's some trouble on his mind—the trouble, perhaps, a woman could best help him with. She shall help him." He went back to his wife. Ho had a way of treading softly when he approached her presence. It was a kind of reverential impulse, that made him careful even of the jar of a foot step. The door swung back noiselessly, and ho saw her standing by the piano, whero he had left her, a dazed look on her face, and her hand pressed to her side as if she were in pain. " Berenice," he cried, " what is the matter, my dear P" She started at his voice, and tried to smile; but the smile died away and was like the ghost of itself. "Nothing," she said, "I—am—only tired." The words broke. She stretched out her hands in holpless groping fashion, tottered, and, as he rushed to put his arms round her, she fell against him in a faint. ("TO B« CONTINUED.! OYMPIE GREAT EASTERN MINE. [Bee taoe 394.] 