THE BOLTON SOU ARE TRAOEDY* By .TOIK-T K. LEYS, Author of « Thu Limlwi>n,” "Dr. Boroui’n Secret," " A Treat Betrayed," etc. CIIAITEK XV. A 3T K W KU8PI0I0N, When Dora, i remay no reaoliftU ixlra, lieu fern’s drawing-room, Miss DnngcrHoId was curled tip on one of Uio couchos reading a novel, Dora wenUorward and greotod Mrs* llcdforn, And then went up to Olivia, offoring hor hand. Mina Daugcrfiold extendedj her lingers with a patromuiug air, but without talcing the trouble of ulteriug her- position in the slightest. Dora feared that her visit would bo thrown away. It would bo impossible to spook with any freedom to Mrs. Kedforu while Olivia sat by listening. 44 Isn’t thin a dreadful thing, Miss Tremnvno, jiljout Captain Everett ?” said the widow, almost before tho visitor bad takeu her scat, ** I almost think it is worse than my poor hug lxiad'B death—more shocking. It maxes every body ^ talk of us, and in such tin unpleasant ijora listened in amnzemont. It was ira poasiblo for liur to understand Mrs. Itodforn’s ■way of looking at things. The widow uoomod to be heartless more from stupidity than from any positive badness of disposition " ,{nor she lmd too littlo sense to avoid exhibiting to tho wholo world how small wus the capability of, fooling with which alio was endowed. “ What surprise* mo,” said Dora, when alio had steadied hor voice so as to bo able to spoak without showing hor emotion, “ what sur prises mo is that iinyono knowing Captain Dvorott should ever for ono moment inm nine that ho is capable of such a crime, Per haps I ought to hill you,” she added with a certain pride in her tone, 44 that Captain Everott and I aroongaged.” 44 Whut do you aay ?” screamed Mrs. Kcdforn. “ Dugngod to him. Poor thing. I am so sorry for you. But, of courso, you will break it oil at once.” 441 liavo no desire to hroak tho engagement,” said Dora, quietly. At this point Aliss Dangerilold rose, yawnod ostentatiously, went over to a table whom somo magazines were lying, turned them over, selected ono, and without troubling liersolf to bestow u parting look at Mrs. Bodfom’s visitor, slowly wvn i out of tho‘room, 44 w by does Mias Dangerfiold dislikomoso, Mrs. Hod fern V” naked Dora, gladof uu excuse for changing tho subject. Tho widow gave a sharp glance at tha doorof tho room to make Bure it was projmrly closud before sho uuBwered : 44 W«ll, 1 have eoniotimcs thought slio had a pongshvtuj for your hc.au,” sho answered, with a littlo nod. (Mrs. Bod fern was very fond of using a I1’ranch word now and then, when sho fancied she could do so with impunity.) ‘ Dora opened hor oyes. 44 My dear Mrs. liodfcrn, I am bo sorry to hoar this. 1 do hope you nro wrong.” 441 don’t think I am.” 441 lmd no idea of such a thing. On tho contrary, I have fancied sometimes that thoro was something between hor and Mr. 44 Only on ono side,” answered Mrs, Redfem with another sagacious nod. 44 Between our selves I think he is a very good match for Olivia ; but sho persists in turning up her noso at him.” 44 So Dr. Redfem can hardly have stood inliis assistant's way in this matter,” thought Dora to herself. “ Dr. Davis is still staying hero, I supposo 1*” Him nddod aloud, for something hotter to Hay. 44 Oh, yes, it was necessary that tho practice should bo kept together. I fancy that Mr. Payne, mv poor husband's oxccutor, you know, will make an arrangement to eel! tho practico right out. to him. After nil, ho knows tho patients, and a atruugcr might have a difliculty in reaching thorn, as thoro would ho no one to introduce him personally. But it would not have been my husband's wish that Dr. Davis should succeed him,” Dora had hardly boon listening to tho widow’s talk. Sho hud boon thinking how baseless tlio idon had been which suggested that Dr. Davis could huvo any interest, in causing the death of 3iis employer, ami wondering in wlmt other quarter sho was to seek ncluotothe mystery, when sho found that Mrs. Rodfern was pausing for a reply. Almost mechanically^ she re peated the widow's last words in tho form of u question. “ Oh, Dr. Keclfcrn did not intend that Dr, Davis should succeed to his practico V* 44 Certainly not. Tho fact is, my dear Miss Tronmyno, my husband did not particularly liko Dr. Davis. He said lie was shallow and conceited, and rather shirked tho work; andlio liudmadoup his mind to got rid of him and engage another assistant.” • Dora was fairly startled by these words. Sho liad been a moment ago forced to confess to horsolf that her suspicions of Dr. Davis were utterly {ground less, and suddenly it appeared ho had a motive, and a tolerably strong ono, for desiring Dr. Itedforn’s death. She was so surprised that she skirted visibly, and gave a littlo cry. 44 Whut is it ? Is anything tho matter V” naked Mrs. lteclfern, 44 Oh, nothing. I havo boon so nervous lately, that I often start at nothing at nil.” 441 can sympathise with .you, I am suro, Mias Tronmyno. When I wan engaged to my }>oor dear Tom—my lirat husband, you know— io was ill for three weeks with small-pox. It was nothing liko so bad as your troublo, I know; yet 1 was so delicate, siml sympathetic, the doctors called it, that tho least thing upset me.” Mrs. Hedforn’s sympathy was liko salt laid ■upon an open wound ; bnt Dora managed to ludo her feelings, and even to produce some thing liko the ghost of a smile. 44 Someone said at tho inquest that Dr, Kodforn worked too hard,” sho remarked, after Ajinuso. 44 Not so very hard, not so as to hurt his health,” returned tho widow, 44 But it was not Davis’s fault if ho did not,” she added almost spitefully, 44 Davis did nothing liko Ilia share of tho work, or just hurried it over. That was why my poor husband wanted to got rid of 14 It would lmvo been a bad thing for Dr. Davis if ho had been sent away.” 44 Of courso it would. Especially as thoro was a great attraction hero in tho shape of-” and Mrs. Bcdfoni glanced in the direction of tho coiling to indicate Miss Danger Hold. 44 Do you think,” began Dora—it was a great risk to put such a question, but there was no alternative—“do you think Dr. Ked fern actually gave Dr. Davis notico to loavo V* .‘Till aiuo 1 duu't h»ow,». rotnninit. tlm widow. 44 Ho may have done bo j bull almost think ho would have mentioned U: to mo if ho lmd. It is a month or six weeks sinco ho spoke of it.” Dora was nfrahl to push tho matter further. Sho changed tho subject, and began to speak o£ tho becoming character of Mrs. Hodforn's costume; and when thut^jnuttny^ hud,. Biilllciently discussed, sho brough acloso.iicvu ^op wan evidently to ascertain whether Dr. Davis wus unucy notice io leave Y? tiuj timo of Dr. Kedforn’s deuth or not. this to bo done? To interrogate T uko Davis himself was out of tho question, cfo wrote, however, to Mr. Jonner ; and tho lawyer answered licj letter in person. .Nv-uon Mr. Jciintf heard what Dora had to tell lie lookwl very grave, and did not reply for somo seconds, > 44 You have board something too, Mr. Jonner,” said Dorr. “ I seo it your face.” 441 havo,” ho replied ,* 44 and my information corroborates yours. I engaged a very sharp fellow to make tho acquaintance of Bunkos, tho butler, and learn whut ho could from him. It Booms that Bunkes 1ms a club, to which ho goos two or three times a week for an hour or two in tho evening. Brown, my man, got admitted to tho chib, and pumped Ban lies most scientifi cally. Ho tolls mu there was a perfect harmony between all tho members of Dr. Bed torn’s family, except between Dr. Davis and Dr, Kcdforn himself. Tho older doctor seemed to havo, or thought ho hud, Borne ground of com Jilaiut against tho younger; whilo Davis ho loscribos ns touchy and ready to tako offence. Tho coolness was so marked that at times they would hardly speak to each other, except when thoyinotut table. In Bankes’s opinion thoyoung eurgeon thought ho was not treated with sutH ciont consideration and respect, while the old dootor thought that his assistant was not lit for Ilia place. It is clear that Davis imagined that ho was labouring nndor an infustice. Coupled with what Mrs, Kcdforn tofd you it is very serious indeed.” 44 It may seem very weak of mo, Mr. Jenncr.” naid Dora, “ hut I cannot tell you howl shrink from going on with this.” 4 4 It was your own idea, Miss Tremayno,” »aid tho solicitor coldly, 44 You are quite right. But it seems so dreadful to bo acting tho part of a man hunter. Suppose Dr. Davis should bo mi inno cent us Captain Everett r” This feminine inconsistency irritated tho cold blooded lawyer. 44 Ono.or other must bo guilty, AU rights reserved. far as I can boo,” ho said, firmly. 11 But you will plunso to ruinombor that X clul not advise this uniiBiml modo of proceeding. It is for the. prosecution to pvovo Captain luvorolt’s guilt; ne need not prove liia innoccnco by showing that Homebody oleo committed the deed.” u But would not # liis cbiuico of escapo bo very much greater if it could bo shown that someone also had an interest—os they say ha had—in Dr. Kudfom’s death ?” ” Undoubtedly.” 41 Then I must go on with it. "What is to bo dononext?” •* Tho next thing is to find out whothor tho notice of dismissal which Dr. Kedforn thought of giving his assistant wus really sent.” 4‘ And how can wo ascertain that V” 4‘Of coursa, it would not do to question Dr. Davis himself. Wo must look for documentary evidence). It is possible, though not very likely, that if Dr. Kedforn gavo his assistant a written notice oE dismissal ho may luvvo kept a copy of it. But thoro ia another difiiculty. Dr, Uedforn'B papers wero taken away by the police.” A heavy sigh escaped, from Dora slips. On every sido there were doubts, misgiviugs, ob stacles. If only she had one friend, ono sym pathising heart to rest upon. And thou her thoughts turned once more, os they often did, to Captain Everett. What support and. guidonco ho would havo given in, ouch tiino of dilllculty and trouble. ^ But it was ho, lying helpless and alone, within tho prison walla, who needed assistance ; and tho thought nerved tho girl’s liourt ouco more. lie hud no one but herself to help him 1 A bright thought struck her. “ Tho police could not koop Dr. Kedforn s papers for over. They might want to koon some, perhaps, but they would surely Bond back tho rest after looking thorn through P” ” It is possible, certainly.” “ Who will got thorn when they do como hack—Mrs. HedfomP” “ Tlio doctor’s executor, WDr* Payne, would havo the custody of them.” •* Then I will ask him to lot mo see foam.” Tho lawyer smiled compassionately. “ I am afraid it is hopeless to expect that ho would allow you to read thorn,” ho said. Dora did not like tho pitying smile ; but alio tool: no ofTeueo, “Can you think of any other way of find ing out what wo want to know P” sho asked, gravely, 44 I confess I cannot.” 44 Then I will sue Mr. Payno at once. After all, I can hut try.” Tho lawyor thou dopartod, leaving Dora more depressed in mind than ho had found her. Somehow au interview with Mr. Jouner always hud this effect on tho girl’s spirits. Often sho was tempted to givo up in despair tho task of proving her lover’s iimocenco | hut novor so much as when Mr. Jonner’s eyes wero upon lier, and his cold tones sounding in her ears. Many a time sho wished she had a moro sympathising advisor ; but it was iuw possible to get rid of Mr. Jonnor, evou if she hud known of a moro helpful counsellor. 