COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, February 20. Five battalions of cadets paraded at Albert Park to-day, when Lady Loch pre-<*> sented them with new colors made by her-<*> self and daughters. The Customs Department has sent an Inspector of explosives and a staff to the ecece of the wreck of the schooner Nep tune, off Pearl Point, ln order to secure the cases of dynamite wbich have been washed ashore, or may be floating about. The Marine Board to day held an enquiry Into the wreck of the Neptune, and found that the loea was caused by tho negligent navigation of Captain Rice and Mr. W. Hodgson, the mate. The former's cer tificate araa suspended for two yeara, and the tatter's for one year. The new Roman Catholic College at Ballarat, called the Holy Ghost College, was opened yesterday by Archbishop Can in tbe presence of the Bishop of Ballarat and a large gathering of clenjy and laity. lhe branch of the Australian Natives' Association to-night decided to remit to the conference shortly to be held at Sandhurst the question of Australian natives raising funds for the erection of a statue to the late Hon. Peter Lalor. Mrs. Smallwood, aged 70 yeara, was burnt to death last night at her son's residence at Devenlsh, through her clothes catching fire accidentally while she was lighting a pipe. Arrived—Maogana, from Launceston ; Ceylon, from Hamlin Harbor. Sailed— Labnaaa, for Rangoon ; Matri Bahn, for London ; Bydamere, Anna, and Elbe, for Newcastle ; Drot, for Singapore; Fiona acd Austral, for Sydney ; Titus, for Beachport; Flinders, for Liunoeiton. NEW SOUTH WAL.S. IFrom our own Oorreapondeot.} Sydney, February 20. At the Central Police Court today Walter Hawkins, who early in the week was committed for trial for penontting t _ connection with the Central Cumberlani election, waa to-day. en a. stoond charge of personating Walter Bayley, also au elector of Central Cumberland, cent np for trial Judge Flt-hardlDge to-day delivered judgment in the case ln which a Chinese Imported by Dr. On Lee to work ln his garden aougfat to recover wages at the rate of 20s. per week since the time of Importation several months ago. The defendant in defence pleaded tbat he engaged the plaintiff at the rate of £15 per annnm. A verdict was returned for tbe defendant, and aa the caae waa a test one It will hold good in 27 others. In a eecond case Ah Tack, a Chinaman, who acted aa agent for Dr. On Lee In im porting his countrymen, claimed £12^ a. wagea and expenses in connection with the importation of 28 Chinese, The de fendant pleaded not Indebted, and a set off of £10 against Ah Tack for the poll tax and money advanced. A verdict was given for the defendant. The committee of the Free-trade Asso ciation are arranging for a banquet to free-trade members, which promises to be of a most elaborate character. A fire occurred to-night at Balmatn, which destroyed the local branch of the E.S. and A O. Bank and three adjoining atoree with their contents, a fourth store being partially gutted. The buildings were all old, and built of wood. The damage ls considerable, but it ls Impos sible to ascertain the amount yet. Tbe taking of evidence by the Referee Court ln connection with the dispute at the South Waratah mine has been con cluded, but the decision will not be given for some time. A meeting of tbe Executive Council is to be held to-morrow, when Mr. Suttor, the Minister of Educ.tion, will be ap pointed a member of the council, this course having become nec.ssary owing to bis recent defeats. The question of the colony being repre sented at the Dunedin (N.Z.) Exhibition was discussed by the Government to- day, and it was decided not to take part. Ministers to day discussed the question of the waters of the River Murray, the matter having arisen owiog to the action of Victoria ln taking a large quantity of water from the river for the purposes of irrigation. Tfae Government Intend shortly to take definite action ln the matter. Arrived — Fitzroy, from Queensland porta ; Onega, from Noumea ; Rebecca, from Kaipara. Sailed—Pacific Slope, for Shanghai; Louis Eugene, for Mauritius ; Zeaiandia, for San Francisco; Fijian/for tbe New Hebrides and Fiji; Glanworth, for Queensland ports. QUEENSLAND. [From our own Oonespoudent.l Brisbane, Febraary 20. Tbe Government are considering the question ot carrying free of chirge seed wbeat requirtd by tbe fanners of the Darling Do wts, tbe recent crop having been a complete failure through the drocsht. Tbe prospectus has been published of the Brisbane -Hilling Co. with a capital of £30,000. TASMANIA. [From our own Correspondent.) Hobart, February 20, Tha Tongariro arrived today from London with 1C passengers for Australian pons. Sbe sailed later in the day for Nt-w Zealand. Tbe gaol buildings at Port Arthur are announced for sale by auction, with the land on which tbey stand. The Church Institute in Hobart, which was established under semi-clerical con trol, closes ahortly, and a proposal Is on foot to bny the premises and establish a new dub. Tbe Executive Council have appointed as Deputy Surveyor- General Mr. Laveu tborpe Ball, chief draughtsman In the Lands Survey Department. " That invalid wife, mother, sister, or child can be made tbe picture of health with Dr. Socle's Amerisan Hop Bitters," 60e0w54zx64 