DEPABTUSE OF THE KEV. R. C. FLOCUKT. (from our own correspondent. i Prksuubsi; Wednesday. After being stationed at Fens hurst ior a period of two years, tbe Rev. R. C. Flock- art has been transferred to the Lancefield circuit. Tbe rev. gentleman preached his farewell sermon here on Sunday, taking as bis text the words of St. Paul to the Corin thians: "Tbe grace of onr Lord Jesns Christ, and the love of God, and the fellow ship of the Holy Ghost be with yon all. Amen." There was a very large attendance on the occasion, and the preacher's address was eloquent and impressive. On the occas ion of hie leaving the Sunday School, the rev. superintendent was presented, on behalf sf teachers and pupils, with a pretty pencil case, the presentation being made by Master Barker. In the schoolroom was displayed, also, a beautiful album presented by tbe Dnnkeld choir, in recognition of tbe rev. gentleman's interest in them. On . Monday evening, there was gathered together one of tbe brightest assemblages ever seen id Penshnrst, to bid adieu to Mr. Flocktrt. Tbe formal leave-taking took place In tbe Mechanics' Hail, which was crowded to its utmost capacity. Mr. R. Howell, senior circuit steward, took the chair, and the incumbent offered prayer. A caoital Drouramme was commenced by Miss Lottie EarlB playing a galop on the piano. The duet, "Music On the Waves," was pleasingly rendered by the Misses Aitken; while Macaulay's gioriouslegend,"Horatias," found a fitting exponent in Mr. Flockart. The same gentleman also gave, with much nnctioiii " Yawcobs Strauss." " Laddie" was pleasingly sung by Miss L. Gubbins, and Mr. R. Aitken'a bright bari tone was heard to great advantage in " The Sea is England's glory." Later on in the programme " The Bonny Hills of Scotland" secured him a well merited encore. Next on the list was " the first appearaace on any stage" of Mr. Apperly, manager of the local branch of the Bank of Victoria, who showed his appreciation of pretty Fensburst by mnsiciUy informing his audience he was " Anchored" here, this intimation was ex cellently received. Mrs: Woodforde followed -with Golden Days," a song well suited for a meso soprano, and, being well within the ringer's register, was successfully rendered. After a hymn by the Chnrch Choir, Mis. Maxwell sympathetically sang " Dear Heart," which was received with much favor. Miss Rea informed her audience concerning "A Virion". she bad, and tbe andience were so pleased that they wished .for another virion. Miss Earis scored tbe success of the evening with " Kathleen Mavourneen," her first song " The Last Milestone," though well received, gave but little promise of excellence in so well known and nackneyed an air as the second ; but. to say it was really well sung is doing but scant justice to tbe young lady. Mrs. Apperly was tbe accompany ist, and con tributed materially to the success of the concert. Daring the interval which occurred, the chairman spoke at length upon the many virtues of the Rev. Mr. Flockart. aod gave reasons why be should -be retained longer ia this district. He congratulated the retiring clergyman upon tbe fine results of his ministry, more ' especially . upon the undoubted success of the Sabbath classes. He concluded by saying that the district was losing a very good man, bnt was getting, thanks to Mr. Flockart; a "very good suc cessor. Mr. Flockartis place would be; in deed, difficult to fill, but with God's help tbey might get another pastor to efficiently carry on the work. . Mr. Earls, of Hawkesdale, then presented Mr. Flockart with a purse of sovereigns on behalf of his late congregation. The Rev. Mr. Flockart appeared .quite overcome at this unexpected evidence' of the .good iesteem in which he ma held- by Rib ate pastorate, and in ,n. few pleasing sen tences, . returned bis sincere thanks for the handsome presentation. The proceedings terminated with " Anld Lang.Syne," in which all heartily joined. 