BLACK tPIRlTS AND WHITE. IBt R, M. Johnston, ist Harpcr't Young People.\ How odd a sitgle hobgoblin's nonentity Should cause more fear than a whole host' a identity. —'Don Juan. L f Ptter Bnrch and his sister Sally, bachelor and maid, aged about fifty and fifty-one, of unmixed African blood, though some years back enfranchised, dwelt in a humble two room cabin n'ear the main church, the grave yard being in an oak grove beyond the road which led into the village. They owned a ccuple of acres o£ ground, which under indue triotis culture yieiMed good cropB of eatables. The brother was » man of all work, and picked np a good do*l with the plough, tbe hoe, and even tbe jack j^Iane, the saw, and tbe fcsKBier. The sitter, b?-ti4€B taking care of tbe meeting houee, made snd eold ginger cakeB and spruce- beer when that beverage was called for out of the season of persimmon and honey-locust, and I have not a doubt that as long as I live I shall continue to believe that, as a provider of snch luxuries on a scale any where near the reasonableness of hers, tbe Buperior of Sally Burch this world has never Been. Everybody thought well of Peter and Sally Burch, free negroes though they were, and' all except the oldest were accustomed to address them aB uncle and aunt. Even Tom Fallen, tbe longest, gawkiest, most thoughtlesB boy in town, fond as he was of teasing them, especially tbe brother, in waye tbat he regarded as harm leBB, sever omitted these prefixes when in their presence. Uncle Peter, as I shall call him henceforth, was a professed believer in ghosts. Many years of residence bard by a graveyard m»y bave intensified a superstition that always has been held to by the negroes of the Southern States. Not that be bad any fears for himself from those disembodied thiogs that he called ' epRyitp,' although his sieter Sally had. ' Sisally,' be said, - ' she's a 'oman I spes you know, en when she Bee a e pay it she don' know how ter m&nidge; wid 'em like I does, en she gets skeeret, en she run in de house, en slam de do', en I don' know de times I has tole her dat sp&yits; o' no sort, Bolter black ner white, dee aiu' gwioe to bu't nobody widout dee give 'em Bass er dee be doin'eome'n monB'ous pow'ful bad ; but SieaJJy des like women does, eheconsatemayby ehe ben doin' some'n she oughtenter, en den tbe Btart to run, en dat jes make de epayits (?hfcke dey eide a laughin' en dancin' round to Bee how peert Sieally, fat 'oman like her, kin git over gxGunV ' What kind of lookin' thiegs are they any bow, Unk Pete?' aeked Tom Pollen one Satur day morning, as the man waB about starting in order to do a job at tbe Pringlea', a mile north ward out of town. Tom, a bold unbeliever in Euch things, liked, especially when in company witb other bcye, to bait this humble sight seer anu maujge id unseemly jetsuDgB. ?' What kind you axin' about, Marse Tommy, white spayita er black spayits ? pcrcase dey is deffer'st.' He answered, with respect, yet solemnly. 'Botb; but I thought all cf 'em were wlite.' -'In gen'l dee ie ; but some un 'em is black, an' dem's de kind dat, ef I bad my 'druthers I'd rather not come up wid 'an sildom.' 'Why bo?' 'Percaee in de datk a body come up wid 'em euddenter en a onexpecteder, en he don' know whe'r dee is some wile warmunt er some mean oudacious runaway nigger, en den a body's mind git so frazzled up a body don' have time to flop hieself down en make a cross mark on de groun', which ef de does en dee don' give 'em no sass dee ain none of 'em gwine projick wid yee.' ' And you make out like you ain't afraid of 'em V 'No, sir; not me, widout I wuz to happen to run up agin one of a Euddent, which I ain' nuver dote yit.' 'Well, link Fete, it's astonishing what big tales you folks can tell, old and young, about sperrits, as you call 'em, when you know you never eaw one in your life, and I haven't a doubt, if you was to see one, you'd be scared out of your senses, and run like a turkey. I've got the notion in my head that yon in par ticular tell euch taleB to scare old Aunt Sally, to keep ber from visiting and gadding about 9' nights. I wonder you don't git ashamed of yourself, so nigh the grave.' 'Ah, wel), Mane Tommy,' he answered witb cold teepect, 'Sieally know I don' try to fool 'ling wid her, en your own mall tell yer SisaUy ain9 no gureat wieitor, ngy she ain' no gadderbouter which you mind to call 'em, nighttime ner daytime.' 'That's so, certain, Uncle Peter,' said Jimmy Beazely, a year younger and a foot shorter than Tom Pollen. 'You ought'nt u\j tmin. cv| xvuii 4j*ci|uuuj ajuuno uuav uuvw Ptter ib not a man that makes a practice of going aboat telling lieu about what be has or baen't eeen. My opinion is that if he's never eeen a sperrit be think he bave seen thiogs that look veiy much like 'em, and tbat be wasn't any more scared than he says he was. As for thete being of sperrits I've never yit made up my mind on tbat subject, a not'ith standing that I never did keer so very much about usin' around a graveyard in the night time, a never bavin' no particular business th&r; aB I knowed of. And aB for Aunt Sally I'd just be willin' to take a oath that when she run she were shore in her mind that tbe best thing Bhe could do were to take herself away from that place, and Tom Pullen, a boy that have been give to my knowledge as many pieces of cake as you've been give by as good a woman as Aunt Sally Burch, he oughtn't to talk about her and make fun of her in that kind of way. ' 'That be oughtn't,' said several other boyp. 'Ob,' said Tom, doggedly apologetic, ' I was ju&t; a bavin' a little fun out of you and old Aunt Sally. I did'nt go to hurt your feelin's,' ' T*anky, my young marster, en my good hopes is yon mayn't come, up wid no epayit o' no kind, en, but ef you does, you mayn't make 'em mad by sasBin' 'em, percase I tell you, man, saBB is a thing a spayit won't take from nobody, black ner white, en as f er niggers, dee knows better'n to try to ssbs 'em.' ?' What would they do in such a case, Uacle F«ter ? I'm aekin' entire for information.' Feeling the reproach of his mateB, he now spoke with as much sincerity as he knew how to t mploy __ ' Ah, Marse Uofljmy t-ull'ji, you have to ax dem about dat. J don* know. Ds good h'jzi in heb'n know 1 don' know dat, But bsio' I come from ole Firginny, long time befo' you wuz boomed. I heern tell of a man what gin saes to a black spayit, en de black spayit nit des only say, * Nuver you mind,' des in dem words, en de v&y; naix week one dat man's young cbilluns hit tuck sick en died, en de riaix year atter dat dat po' man's own wife, she did, she wbirld 'em, en (he done de same, en de doctor couldn't do nuffin f er nary one un 'em, Dar now.' ' Wby, I Bhould have thought the old thing would have took him instead of hie wife and child,' Baid Tom with a wink. 'Ah, yee, my young marster, but you must 'member dat was day business.' ' He*a got you there, Tom,' said Frank Tolly. 'NonEenEe! Did the fellow ever marry again !' *' Dar it is agin, Marse Tommy « You axes another queschin dat hit's too much fer me. You see 1 warn't dar, en I come clean outen old Firginny befo' 1 nuver heerd ef dat man got him another wife er he didn't, but ray 'pinions has always been evy sence I heerd de tale dat dat man nuver sassed spayits no mo' atter dat. But bless your soul ! I got no time to tarry here, To-morrer'e Sunday, en I want try to finish up by dark a job I got at Marpe Jimmy Pricbett's.' ' What time you expect to git back, Uncle Pete ?' aeked Tom. *' I in gen'l gits bsck home uv & Saddy nieht by a quarter pass half atter eight o'clock. Dit fetch it 'long cloee on ter nine o'clock, don* it?' ?' Sonaewbere abcut there ; a quarter or such a b atter.' ' I 'lowed it were somewhar 'long dar.' 'That is, provided no sperritB stop you on the way.' *' Ah, Maree Tommy bound to have he fan, I den' bodder wid Bpayits, ner dee don' bodder much wid me. Sarvent, Marse Tommy ; s&rvent;, my young marsteis.' When he had gone, said Tom — '''What a blatbetin' old idiot he is ! If he was to see an j thing he thought was a sperrit he'd ran like a rabbit. I'd be willin' to go a cool hundred I could Bcare him out of his senses witb a white sheet.' »' Well, now, Tom,' said Frank, ' if you've got a hundred dollars, that's more'n I thought n.D in 1 lin fnwn fhifa timn n' vmt. eiraAnt mftvbv in Bland'BBtore aud Faun'sgrocery between 'em, but if you'll come down to a dollar I'll go that on your not being able to run old Unk Pete with a ebeet.' Tern's hesitation raised a general laugh, and one eaid — 'He won't take you up, Frank. If Tom Pullen was to see himself in a white Bheet at night just down yonder in the level he'd run himself, much leBB make old Unk Pete run.' 'Well, now, gentlemen,' Tom retorted, with spirit, 'if :yoa all say so, 'I'll try old Pete this very night. 1 got no hundred dollars, of course, nor one neither, as to that ; but if you'll all agree to come down here and Btay by the meetin'-house well, I'll borrow one of ma's sheets, and when we hear the old fellow a comin', as you know we can by his ever laetin' singin' 0' nightB, I'll slip down in tbe level, and if I don't scare him, and that bad, I'll agree to give Frank Tolly the first dollar I get— specially if I find it in a pig track.' 'AH right,' said Frank; 'I'd be about as apt to get the doUar that way as any other out cf you. What do you say, boys ? ' All agreed except Jimmy, who said that they were eo strict at home about hiB leaving the house at night, it was doubtful if he could get away ; but if he could, they might depend upon him. The well was situate a few rods equidistant from the Burches and the meeting-bouse on the eide looking across the road to the grave yard. It was by another road leading at ripht angles to this that Peter was expected. The ladP, some half dozen in number, all except Jimmy, assembled according to appointment. 'Poor Jim !' said Frank, generously com paesionate ; ' be couldn't get off without steal in; off, and he didn't think that waB very safe, eo — LiEten ! That's old Uncle Peter opening up already at the Pritchett gate. Try to be cod, Tom, and dont hurt the old fellow, if not for his Bake, at least for Aunt Sally's. My take* ! You do look skeary !' ?' Cb, I'm cool enough. I wouldn't burt the old fellow by no manner 0' means ; but don't pvy ol you peach on me and cpita the joke.' ' Ciu&iriiy; tot,' B&id; all. (To be continued.) 