THE 'TRAVELLER /Jk '— - — ?*? — - .??. ? \$L A DAY IN TOKIO. A Sas Fbaxcisco Lady's Il.unir.is: in tiii: old Capital oi' J.u'ax. Click, click, click, go the wooden :clogs ou tho gviy pavement. I 'drift abng with the hurrying mass of peoplo, through the narrow gateway in .the open air, and flu'il myself standing on tho wtuuo step outside tlio Tokio station. 1 look eagerly for Saujiro, tho prince , of Aitriniia-riwiera, and presently I seo his well-known top-knot breaking through the crowd of .jilirikiiha-maa, who stand bare logged on this cold winter's morning, envo loped from tho waist up in brilliant scarlet blankets. Ho runs up with an oliai/o (gooil morning) and bow, and, giving him ruga, I bundle myself in. tho 'rikin/m, with teeth uliat toring and'my little kuwari (firo box) grasped tightly in my hands. Whilo tho second runner is boing hitched — it is to bo a tundein, for an all-day's p'ull — I gazo hesitatingly on this city of magnificent uislnnces.and try to decide my course. It is impossible to do more than a bit of Tokio a.day, and, in order, to save timo, ono must tnko certain districts, thus avoiding long stretches of 'rikislnt riding. -N Saujiro waits hot for tho signal, but takes M-y H'o matter into own hands. Knowing my ' weakness for old porcelain, ho dashes off iu tho direotiqn of the Naki-dori, inoro familiarly known as ' Petticoat Lnuo,' from tho nunio ! rous old Ainiouo-shops that lino both sides of iho narrow street. 'What is more interesting than a Japan Ktreot, with its crooked bits of architecture .muli quaint figures y: Tho peoplo aro so light hearted and inon-y, their life so irco and open that one is inclined to envy them, so little do they need in their simplo oxistenco. What bettor way is there to learu thu lif o of a peoplb tliau to livpau Jho streets,~to;drift about and study its lights and slui'dows '.?? Tokio is in its galit-dress-to-day,f6r with tho morrow comes tho now year. In tho days1 of old' Japan, tho year began ubvtho now moon nearest tu tho rifth of JPobrnary, which is tho Chinopo euslom,it boing tho middlo point between tho ojo (winter Isolstico) - and ? shiniibim- (spring opiinox) but this ancient' way of reckoning times has boon ubolishod by tho govoru meut. Nothing can bo prcttior tliau thenow year decoration ; bill; feathery; bamboo stand beforo oaoli'd.oor, waving its tiiU head high A ; nbovo tho gray-roofed housss. A fringe of Ml coarsostriVw-ropp, with its many omblema jiff tical signs, is strung along from hoiro to -f houso, and hugo red-niid-whito lanterns hang over oaoh door. It is liko walking through a grove of bamboo,- and in tho nar row, winding street inoro patches of bluo sky aro seen. Thoro aro myriads of gaily-drossod ohildren playing hagoitn (bnttledoro), a new year's gamo ; babies pickaback, with their little hoads rolling about iti an extraordinary manner ; and dogs overywhoro — us numerous us tho ohildren, and as nctivo. Tho cake and candy-shops aro filled to overflowing with moehi — tho groat festive enke, a mixture of rice- flom^ and sugar, and consumed in im meuso quantities. Tlioy revel in it as w - do iu miiicu-pie .ami turkey, and it is eaton various ways, both cooked and uncooked, sometimes decorated on tho top witli boiled lobster, emblematical of long life aud happiness. I am picking my way through tho Naki dori, an ollu- podrida of overythiog. Tho curio-shops — though tho entire contents are, * moved to tho front door — look lea's tohipthig to-day, for- thoy have a. 'picked over' appearance, notwithstanding the shopkeeper tools mo that.all liis curios nro oxoeodingly rare and fcwb,;hundred years old. iinoke a I A. few good bargains, however, then -turn my lj| fnco towaid Blijba Park, which. I reaoh itfteri a half-hour's ride. Wo leavo thonoiso nndj liura of tho busy world, pass through tho Dai Mon (Great. Gate), and enter tho grand old park, so cfuict and peaceful, with its shadows of tlio past. In theso maguilbent tombs — with temples attached — aio buried somo of tho Shoguusof thoTokugana dynasty, which had for its founder tho great warrior, Tycyusu, , hero of tho greatest battlo in Jn paneso history. I slip off my shoes and fol low tho shaven !m:u (priest). How imposing and grand it is, how bowildering is this gor geous interior with its massivo gilding and iLs nrabesriuo rdesigns, its exquisitely-carved ceilings and lacquered floors. Ghosts of past centuries iseem to haunt tho place, and tho miuxliiuo from without creeps iu and lights up d tho dark corners, touohiug thuriuhly-liiuimcred ' pillars, and making- thorn blnzo with golden light. Tho;uir is fragrant with '. the burning of inuenspi :aud tho whole scono redolent of colour and harmony. Leaving this ancestral tomplo, wo pass a colonnade, rioh in wood carving, and 'enter tho middlo court by- the O Kara Mon, which . is in itself a study, so beautifully bnrvod aro its.woodou pillars, oil-.' circled with tho traditional dragon. Here is fife} tho old belfry boll and iunumomblo lanterns «r of bronze, which have been given by tlio no bility of iill ranks. AVo have now reached . tho Xi-Jen Mon (Gato of tho Two Heavenly Kings) opening into tho avenue, and, as'thoro is hardly timo to visit the other templos, I wander through tho park till I como to tho gate at tlio other eiid of Shiba, .whero I find Haujiro in dcop communion witli his tobacco pouch. Taking tho, tiffin basket wo walk on, and finally jrouph, two long ,' flights of stone steps. 1 mount the loss precipitous, the ' woman's stops,' and, after a weary climb, I drop oxhnusted ou tho wooden seat of tho lea shed. I Boon forget my wcnriues.s in the . V glorious view bof oro mo. Tokio is a painfully ' level city and not particularly attractive, looking down from such an immense height, There is a ' hick of colour, nothing but gray tones, but when, tho oyo travols beyond tlio limits of tho capital to the forts at Shinngawa and tho provinces beyond .tho buy, tlio sueuo becomes beautiful aud simply grand. I can follow tho coast-lino of Dai Nippiu (Great Japan) for milos, can' count tho spooks Of white junks far away on tho bluo sea, and u Fujiyama, — can ono over got out of sight of jfl» tho grand-old mountain ? It rises now, with \' its crest -of snow, high above tho Hakono Itango. How chnngod h Tokio, sinco. it bcoamo tho sent of government; how transformed from tho Ycddo of tho past ! One can hardly realizo that this immense expanse of city bus grown from a rudo fortress, for Yeddo was nothing inoro when it booumo tho capital of Japan. Whero 1 now look upon masses of gray houses wero ouoo areas of lugoons, stretching botwecn Uyono Pniilt and Asukusii. *? AVhut ohniigcs havo como with tho last twclvo years! feudalism in now a thing of the past, but; its growth and customs will always bo |iii interesting feature in Japanese history. ..Tho i/tuhi/;l am disiippuiiring ono. by one, tho last link of feudalism ' is broken, fur with the fragmeuts aro swept away the historic lionres of tha daimios. Ono finds it hard to rtqal evon tho momory of thoso old feudal days in looking at tho hideous red brick buridiiigs,'which stand ou their sito. The -/-i.s/,i/;i was a building- distinotively .1 upiiiie.se, whero thottoiwiiiM aud their retainers lived under (,ho Tuk'uguwn regime. It was of immensoproportions.covoring mauy auros of ground with .courts ? and gardeus, . ull in - jR% closed liy nmssivo barraiiks. One or two still TpT remain, 'bub beforo many days, they will' bu nothing more Uiania hoap of dust. While Ii havo henn looking bankon Tdddn's past, Saujiro with his feet dangling over tho edgo of tho wall, has boon conversing in nn aninmtcd manner with ono of tho ton-xhed girls. She i» u pretty picture standing thero L in tho warm sunlight ; her trlo.-wy black hair with its strong lights, her fauo full of noli dark colouring,, and tho quiot gray tonos of her dross mako hor n charming study. Wo becomo frionds at onoo, and sho gsntly otters me her tobneoo-pouoh aud pipo. I shako my head and toll her in vory poor Japancso that r it is not tho custom with foreign ladies. ') Sho looks at mo with compassion in herpretty eves, but tho fooling is soon forgotten at tho sight of numormiH bangles I wear '?- my wrist, I slip them over her chubby little liauui) nud uway sho dauces to tho jingling sound. She puts on my gloves, slides her hands into my mull, and with this incongruous array sho sits down bosido me, and I prepirro mysolf for what I know is coining. With hor head on one side and a most bewitching smile, sho aalcs nio my u-ro. In iny early ?/apanfso days I often wondered why it was the first question asked. I know now it is thopolito thing and considered good etiquette iu Japanese social life. OcIm (tea) is brought me of a light 'green ery yellow,' in tiuy bluo-and-whito cups, and while I am niuuchingawayonmy sandwicli3, Saujiro is ventilating his theories and giving mo the latest Toltio gos.-ip. Ho is a study, this knight of tho topknot, nnd I am often amused tit his ideas of things nud people. In u littlo sketch ho gavo mo of his lifo ono day, ho said ho greatly prof errod boing arun ner, although ho considered it beneath him. Ho has roamed abroad as valet and has oc cupied tho responsible position of house-boy but neither guild him so well as tho eomi Bohcmian lifo ho is now living. His own master, frto and unrestrained, ho fiuds iu it a sort of fascination. Wo leave the vicinity of Shiba and speed along to Asakusa. I seo many sights on tho way, for tho street-lifo on this last day of tho old year is simply bewildering. In tho old castlo grounds yonder one could easily pass a day, and although tho cantlo palaco has long disappeared, ithe 'bustle itself is littlo changed siuco the days of the Shigun lyemitsu, nearly threo centuries ago. What can bo lovelier than tho sea bf. lotus that fills its broad, deep moats iu suiinner ! Tho onoo sacred region is now dcyotod to tho drilling- of troops, and at all timos ? of the day tho buglo is heard. Nnzt ni t.lio' nnnif of thirtv-fivo thousand mon kept by tho government avo quartered in tho Tokio garrisous, the rest are scattored iu different provinces of tho empire. 'Wp turn tho last corner, and before us is Askumi, as holy and dirty as any of the old cathedral towns iu Europe. I feel like a menagerie as I walk down betwoen tho.little booths and hear tho clicking of tho hundred elojjs, for I know 1 nm followed by the usual mob. Little children toddle along, struggling with /the weight of others on their backs; what fun to isoo them flounder on tho pave-' incut for the copper sens (cents) I throw among thorn ,1 1 stop to aoatter beans to tho! pigeons that fly iu elouds about my head, then walk up tho Bteps into the great Bud dhitt temple (of Kwannon, named after tho Chinese goddess of three thousand years ago. Tho legend 'is that somowhoro in tho middlo agos an exilpd rouin, whilo fishing in tho Asakusa stream, hauled in his not a littlo figure of Kwimuon, which was enshrinod and worshipped, and from this sacred imago grew tho mighty ITemplo Kwauuon. Immenso lanterns — gifts from buliovers — hang from tho coiling and hide it from viow. Within these peaceful cloisters aro people kneeling in prayer or offering their small contributions of incouso to the burning pile in tho big brouzo censor. , Tho worshippers pass up to tho main altnr, throwing cash into the huge oblong box bo fore they pray, aud occasionally a spit-b:ill prayer is firod at tho wiro screen surrounding tho alli'r. I am amused at one extremely pious worshipper, who takes an endless timo to chow his ball, and after all, ho misses it — it doos not (stick, his prayer will not bo answered What amuses mo most is an old and very dirty wooden idol, which fairly glistens witli its greasy polish, tho result bf constant rub bing.' This buttered and worn god, Hindzum, sits placid enough ou its pedestal ; tho hoad is nothing more than a lump of wood, for tho oyes, nose and lmuth, even tho ears havo boon rubbud away by this faith-loving peoplo who believe that a littlo rubbing this 'healer o% tho sick' can' cure them of their nelio-) uud pnius. Ouo i would think from its antique appearance that all this rirtuo hud departed. 1'rom the clouds of tradition I learn that this old go.l was a disciplo of Uuddha, who cast bun olf for admiring woman's boauty, thus; violating hisivow of ehustitv. Ir was then that tho power of curing all ills was given to him. ' ' ' ' Tho pagoda over tho way is like all others I havo seen ; tho carvings which tip tho sides aro different iu design, but the colouring and littlo wind-bells which swing from tho cor ners of tho massivo eaves are ain-ay« to bo found on this quaint tower of Chinoso archi tecture. Wo buy fur a .«?», slices of raw po tato and toss! them at a long row of monkeys that sit blinking in tho sun, then go on through tho park, passiug shrinos, lanterns, nnd! other mediieval relies of tho past, each with.its littlo history. Tho mound I now ap proach — ujtlfar from the temple — is called Kin-rin-Ziiu(Uill of the Golden Dragon), in memory of tlio mythical monster which id said to havo 'climbed tho -hill to tho vory top witli a lantern, thus keeping watch over tho Kwannon Tomplo. ?Tlio afternoon is closing, tho golden light touches only tho highest poiuts, and deeper und deeper grow tho shado ws. Tho scene id sofull.of life with the froliuking children, so full of hisUiLT with its lights and shadows, that I huto to say gpod-by. Onoo inoro X settlo myself iu the 'M-is/nt, and my men, who scum as fresh us vrhou they started, Avhirl mo away toward tho station. I nm going along at a lively rate, for tho timo is short. The hoots and yells of my runners clear tho peoplo aside, and faster and faster they run as tho station comes iu sight. Tlio boll rings— seizing my rugs, I rush madly, through thoigato, followed by Saujiro with his arms full of buudle-i. Tho guard opens tho carriagn-door nud I manage to strugglo in, a moment later the losnmntiro pu ll's, and ?between tho clouds of xmoko I catuh a lml glimpse of Snujiro's top-knot a3 ho stands bowing a miiionara. I seat myself, comfort ably on tho cushions cold and tired, but well pleased with my day in Tokio. Nei.mi: IIoit.3 HowAJiD, In tho Argonaut. 