MUSICAL NOTES. VICTORIA. The management of the Princess's Theatre are probably beginning to realise that even the popularity of Gilbert and Sullivan's operas may be affected by mediocrity in the performers. It is an unfortunate and much to be regretted cir- cumstance that Miss Nellie Stewart should be incapacitated by illness from continuing her impersonation of Elsie Maynard in the Yeomen of the Guard, but regret for the absence of a favorite artiste does not recon- cile the public to the permanent substitu- tion of one who has no claim to be considered a star. Miss May Pollard is a very useful and painstaking young lady, but is not yet qualified for sustaining prima donna rôles. Another weak point in the cast in the representa- tive of Dame Caruthers (Miss G. Ameris) whose advent was heralded by an unusual flourish of trumpets, thus unduly raising public expectations, and whose perform- ance proved in every respect disappointing. The splendid acting of Mr. Elton and Mr. Howard Vernon are the only redeeming features of the representation as it is at present. It is difficult to account for the want of patronage accorded to the Saturday after- noon orchestral concerts, of which one was given last month and two in April. All the elements that should have conduced to success wore pre- sent; the patronage and presence of the Governor at each; an orchestra composed of the best resident orchestral musicians, substantially the same as that which played at the Exhibition concerts under the con- ductorship of Mr. Cowen ; and programmes containing compositions known to be popu- lar, and to have attracted on former occa- sions large attendances. Perhaps the ad- vertisements were insufficient, perhaps the counter attractions of football matches and theatrical matinées had something to do with it ; the fact remains that they did not prove sufficiently remunerative to warrant their continuance. This indifference on the part of the general public seems strange after the successful floating of the scheme for establishing a National Victorian Orchestra, which will be composed of almost exactly the same material, plus a new con- ductor. The members of the Melbourne Lieder- tafel gave their 200th concert on the 13th ult. in the Town Hall, and in order to mark the occasion as an exceptional one undertook to render a considerable portion of Wagner's opera, Tannhäuser, with the assistance of an orchestra, a chorus of ladies, and Madame Boema, Miss Sara Lewis, Mr. Armes Beaumont and Mr. A. H. Gee as solo vocalists. It is more than doubtful if chamber performances of Wagner's operas would prove successful even under the most favorable circum- stances, and the great master himself posi- tively forbade any such representations being given. The experiment of giving opera on the concert platform was tried some time ago by the Philharmonic Society, who rendered Gounod's Faust, but as Faust is an opera with which everyone is familiar those present wore fully alive to the shortcomings of the performance, and therefore the reputation of the com- poser did not suffer. With Tannhäuser it is different. The overture and march are known, but the last act, except for the baritone song, O Star of Eve, is new to the general public, who if they find the music dull or apparently unmeaning promptly blame the composer. The more difficult a musical composition is the better the interpretation it demands to make it understood, and Wagner's orchestration cannot be adequately rendered except after frequent and painstaking rehearsal. Much of the significance of portions not purely lyrical is necessarily lost when deprived of the accessories of scenery, cos- tume and acting, and this must make the judicious regret that an experiment should have been tried that could only produce a misleading impression of the merit of this masterpiece of dramatic music. Mr. Frank Bradley gave an organ recital in the Town Hall on the evening of Thursday, the 16th ult., for the benefit of the family of Mr. Philip Plaisted. The recital was given under the patronage of his Excellency the Governor and Lady Robin- son and the Mayor of Melbourne, who were present, and the hall was crowded. No charge was made for admission, but a collection was made among the audience, which amounted to £127 10s. Mr. Bradley's performance elicited frequent and well deserved applause. "Through ignorance the life of man is greatly vexed," has said a great authority, and this incentive to vexation is liberally supplied to those who can manage to read through an article in a recent number of the Centennial Magazine. The article, by F. W. Elsner, F.R.C.S.I., is entitled "The Progress of Instrumental Music in Aus- tralia," and describes two performances of a symphony of Berlioz — first at the Town Hall on the 30 th June, and next at the Exhibition on 8th December, and defends Berlioz from the charge of madness. The reason why these performances, less than six months apart, are chosen to bear out the rather pompous title of the article is that in both of them F. W. Elsner took part, and, as he declares with evident pride, was the only amateur who did so. Presuming that F. W. Eisner, F.R.C.S.I., is the same as Dr. Elsner, who has been heard in public as a violinist playing Mozart's chamber music more or less in tune, the orchestra and public are to be congratulated that the propor- tion of such amateurs to the professionals was no larger. In rather fevered verbiage Dr. Elsner ladles out all the gruesome adjectives at his disposal in describing a weird and perhaps repulsive inspiration of Berlioz. Whatever Dr. Elsner's years may be, he has evidently in taste all the weakness of juvenility without its healthy freshness. Musically he is the fat boy of Dickens, "who wants to make yer flesh creep." The shambles, the morgue and the charnel house appear to be the field, ghouls, ghosts and witches the crea- tures on which his imagination feeds itself. He would evidently prefer Mrs. Shelley's ghostly book Frankenstein to George Eliot's Romola, or Fouqué's Sintram to Goethe's Hermann and Dorothea. But (to slightly alter the poet, whose Ghost in Hamlet would most likely be his favorite character) there are more things in Dr. Elsner's philosophy than are dreamt of in Heaven and Earth, and his article is very discursive. We learn that he has been in Africa, likes Holman Hunt's painting of the Scape Goat, is acquainted with that of Wiertz where a mother is cooking her own child and would like to infuse more warmth into what he calls the northern blood of Mr. F. H. Cowen, who was born and had his early rearing within the tropics. The unscrupulous vanity of such a writer, of course, leads him to assail some one, and he accordingly attacks the whole of the Melbourne musical critics. The strongest characteristic of the attack is its weakness. The critics, without distinction, are accused or unacknow- ledged plagiarisms from Grove's Dic- tionary, an ugly charge dishonorably made, which if he had mentioned names might have added to Dr. Elsner's other multifarious knowledge an expensive acquaintance with the Law of Libel. To show the worth of his reasoning however, the sapient censor does not explain where the Melbourne critics have got their notices of the many and very important works which have been performed since the publication of Groves Dictionary. Perhaps it is hardly worth while to notice this self compla- cent gentleman, who is after all a jelly- fish but without its sting. Dr. Elsner evidently has the desire or dis- position to be severe on the critics, but the only severity he is likely to be acquainted with is that which will in all probability be frequently applied to him- self. To bring indiscriminate unproved charges of plagiarism is a shabby and paltry way of gaining notoriety for im- potent literary aspiration, and, besides, Dr. Elsner may be reminded that the method is now somewhat stale and well worn. If when meditatively watching "rainbow night mirages" in the deserts of Africa Dr. Elsner had in thoughtful solitude pondered over the fact that to be abusive is not to be strong he would not have written much of his ill considered, and in places even foolish, article. Let Dr. Elsner cultivate, in addition to his music, as much modesty as can be reasonably expected of him, and he will find that this estimable virtue may possibly be the means of giving to his opinions, musical and otherwise, a value which at present it is hard to discern in them. 