TALE. Where are the Tickets BY ALEXANDER LESLIE, in Temple Bar. 'Will,' said my wife one evening, as I sat smoking by the fire after supper, do you know there is to be a sale at Mr. Gould's on the 25th? I should like to go, though of course we can't buy anything.' 'I am afraid not,' I replied, gloomily enough, thinking of certain pictures and en- gravings, fine speculative purchases, if only they escaped the attention of dealers. At this time I was always puzzling my brains for a chance of making a little odd money, and with good cause. It's a bad case to be in, full opportunities for proving one's self a fool or developing into a knave—results that need not happen when daily bread comes regularly without scheming. It is bad also to lose faith in one's self, as I was beginning to do. My father, who was half a Frenchman, used to say: 'Que je n'avais pas de chance'; and perhaps he was right, after all. But how was it? Surely I was neitheir stupid nor lazy; the severest criticism I could apply did not convince me of inferiority to my successful friends. Had I not far surpassed all my schoolfellows—those especially whom I sometimes met in town, stockbrokers, lawyers, merchants, who put on flesh, wore ponderous gold watches, with elaborate chains, and from the height of their bland prosperity smilingly asked how I was getting on. What an odious question that is to one who stands or slips at the lower end of the incline, having attained nothing but an age at which failure and poverty are disgraceful! 'I cannot help thinking,' continued my wife, 'that it was very strange he did not leave you anything, if only a few hundred pounds. It would have been a great thing for us, and would have made so little differ- ence to other people.' 'There have been stranger things than that,' I said, and went on smoking in silence; for it was not well to encourage thoughts of this kind. And yet it seemed impossible to repress them, now they were well roused. Every day and everywhere I saw what Solo- mon also had seen under the sun. Ay, 'but time and chance happeneth to all.' Were mine yet to come, or had they been filched from me long ago with the best intentions? How different my life would have been if this very Mr. Gould, lately deceased, had pre- vailed upon my parents to part with me! Having failed so far in one profession, I imagined that I should have succeeded in any other, and, as I gazed into the fire, there passed before me ambitious visions of increas- ing splendour—ranging from having handles on all our jugs to one before my own name. The fect is, I was getting deadly tired of the struggle, and was possessed with strange longings to live delicately for a time, before the sense of enjoyment should lose keenness. Few men appeared to me more enviable than Clive, who, on returning from India, gave orders for the purchase of two hundred shirts, 'the best and finest that could be had for money.' Base, material considerations, no doubt! But there comes a period in life when the want of those luxuries that represent a man's value in the world is almost as bad as the want of food and raiment. To a very young, single man, art may suffice in itself; but the husband and father must needs think by day, and dream at night of getting and saving, steady returns and a settled future. Perhaps I had no real faculty, only artistic taste; or else the faculty had not developed for lack of early training. At this point I felt a hand on my shoulder, such a beautiful hand it was! I was never tired of holding it and playing with it: smooth and soft, and cool and firm, it seemed, to me the very type of refined strength, bodily and mental, of the true woman, without effeminacy. 'Come, dear; the fire is nearly out, and you are half asleep; let us go up.' On the way we looked in as usual at those three little golden heads on one long pillow, placed lengthwise instead of across the bed , and I was fain to admit that, taking all things into consideration, I was not without compensa- tion. 'Do you think, Will, that you would have let one of them go?' she said. 'I can't say; it would depend. And then there are only three.' The sale at Westfield was held on a day when I had no drawing lessons to give; so we were able to go. The house and gardens presented the dismal aspect usual on such oc- casions, intensified by the havoc that was be- ing wrought all around. The lake had dis- appeared, filled up with rubbish; lawns and shrubberies and the beautiful wilderness were trampled and wrecked. But there was the cedar under which my father and I sat one hot Sunday afternoon, waiting to be sum- moned for dessert. And when we came from the glare into the cool, shady room, how sumptuous it all looked—the long, dark, shining table, covered with plate and glass, the deep-coloured wine, the splendid fruits, the beautifully-dressed ladies! What a rich odour filled the air—all manner of delicate perfumes from peach and pine-apple, bees- wing and Burgundy laces and frills, mingled with the faint scents of polished wood and tiger-skin rugs that pervaded the whole house! How soft the voices appeared, how refined the intonations, as of people that have plenty of time to choose their words and speak nicely. Mr. Gould's voice, especially, gave me the notion of great wealth. Lazarus, I thought, would not have had a voice like that; and when I heard the parable of Dives in church, that scene always came before me; I smelled the rich odours and heard the golden tones. This Mr. Gould was an old friend and steadfast patron of my father, the head of a prosperous brewing and banking concern, in which he had made a fortune. Even at that time he seemed an old man, with ruddy com- plexion and white hair, quite erect, but rather stiff and slow in his movements. Be- ing very fond of children, as the childless very often are, he would frequenty send a roomy carriage for us, treat us with cakes and fruits, and let us roam about the grounds. But I was his favourite, and so, in accordance with his wish, my father sometimes took me to Westfield with him on Sundays after din- ner, arriving about the time of dessert. The place was then quite country, though barely three miles from where we lived in the north part of Hempstead. At the time of the sale, however, the Briareus of brick and mortar had stretched a long and toward it, grasping the the ninety acres of land, which were sold for building at an average of half a thousand an acre. And all this would have been mine, with ever so much more beside, if their childless owner had been suffered to carry me off with him one day when the yellow chariot drove up to our door. It was not until twenty years later that I learned the motive of this visit, and perhaps it would have been best if my mother had never told me. After many hints and vague half-jocular proposals, Mr. Gould had actually come prepared to take me away with him there and then, for good and all, and make me his heir. 'And we should never have met,' my wife suggested. When I first told her the story. This was not easy to answer; for I was now like one who, stumbling on beneath a crashing burden, takes no delight in the flowers by the wayside, nor heeds the song of birds and the glimpses of cheerful sun- light. I forget what I said; but it provoked a retort from her lips, though not in words, and she sat for a long time afterward with one arm round my neck, while I fondled the other hand, as my habit was. Perhaps it would also have been better if I had never told the story to her. But it slipped out one evening after I had acci- dentally met the old gentleman, very old now, whom I had not seen since my child- hood. Finding that I lived at Hampstead, not far from the home of those days, he had invited me into his carriage and taken me to the house. I was like a dream to see the pictures on the walls and and the skeleton- clock with its solemn tick, and the tiger-skin rugs, just as they all were twenty-five years before. And it was like stepping back a generation or two to hear him say 'Toosday 'consoom,' 'nevvy,' and so forth, survivals that are now extinct altogether. Formerly, it had seemed to us quite natural, and even dignified in him. It soon appeared that he remembered the family rather than the individual, referring to an old uncle, and even my father, as 'your brother George,' and 'your brother Frank.' But my wife's hopes were encour- aged by his occasional hospitality and friend- liness; it would all come back to him by and by. I pooh-poohed to no purpose; and one evening, when I had dined with him and he had suddenly recollected over a glass of port, seventeen years in bottle, how my father used to bring me to Westfield on Sunday afternoons, I could see that he was greatly excited by this remarkable event. Much good came of it! A week later he was dead— my kind old friend that would be—and his wealth had gone to the 'nevvies,' as he called them. Their idea was to realize all they could: and so it came to pass that I was whelmed, a mere insignificant stranger and unit, in the crowd that flocked to the sale.' We had a good look at the yellow chariot in the coach-house, and saw in a corner of the yard the old sun-dial, all in fragments, that used to stand with its motto 'Nulla vestigia retrorsum,' on the lawn sloping down from the back of the house to the lake. Then we went round to the front entrance, and mingled in the motley throng that was wan- dering up and down, in and out, through the open doorways peering, poking and pushing everywhere, and finally concentrat- ing in the dining-hall, where the auctioneer's hammer was already heard. To me, whose childish fancy had here taken its first and most abiding impression of beauty and gran- deur, it was painful to see the objects that I remembered so well and regarded with a kind of reverence hauled and bandied about and disputed for by the unpleasant people that usually form the majority at sales. Some of the best things went for very lit- tle, which made my wife quite indignant, as if they had belonged to us. But when the most important pictures were put up, 'Leader and the Swans,' by Peroogyno, 'The Mar- riage of Caner,' attributed to Venesshiaayno; A fine replerker of Grooze's 'Crosshcassy,' I quickly perceived there was no chance for me. Those gentry who, without knowledge or taste have a marvellous instinct for what- ever is worth money, were keen on the first and last, while the second, undoubtedly spurious, was knocked down to an enthusia- stic amateur. It seemed as if the moment I began to bid, the competition became brisker and I secured only a pair of fine old prints at a price leaving small margin for profit, if any. By-and-by, A writing-table in rose-wood with drawers, brass handles and key- hole plates, by Sheration, a very handsome piece, was announced. For this my wife had taken a great fancy while walking through the rooms, and I meant to get it for her, if pos- sible. Two wretched creatures, one tallow- faced and pock-marked, the other with a frightful squint, bid against me with incisive promptness, and forced me to give much more than I had intended. From time to time during the contest I felt severe pinches on my arm, with 'Will, dear, do stop; give it up; it's no use,' and so on. Poor darling! she was not aware that I had surreptitously put in my pocket the few sovereigns, laid by for rent. When the table was at length knocked down to me the two worthies who had seemed so eager to possess it concealed their disappointment remarkably well; indeed they displayed much pleasant humour, in- dulging in a kind of war-dance and poking each other playfully in the ribs, with sly glances at me. 'You see, sir,' observed a decent elderly broker, who had vainly prof- fered me his services at the commencement, 'if you had given me half a crown, you would have saved a sovereign or two. We don't go against each other, generally.' The scolding I got for my extravagance began gravely, and ended very tenderly; for the table would certainly be a great com- fort and convenience to my wife, who had taken to writing short stories for magazines to help keep the pot boiling. Somehow, my pictures would not sell now. I had to de- pend more and more on giving lessons, and it seemed as though all my high hopes were to end, at best, in the career of a drawing master. No doubt my work had lost fresh- ness and character, since I had given up tramping about the country as I did when my pictures took. Now they stared at me for months together from shop-windows un- til I was quite sick of them, and I would often make a detour to avoid the unpleasantly suggestive sight. It was a very different world then I had first broken my chain, given up the wretched clerkship to which my father's narrow coun- sels had condemned me, and seriously taken to painting. Of course every one was hor- rified; but I cared little for that. Had I not exhibited and sold and received encour- agement from those who knew? And oh! the delight of liberty! I sketched for eight hours a day on breezy down and purple heath, in the depth of the woods and on the river's bank, and lay down at night full of hope and courage and proud plans for the future. I saw colours and subjects with my closed and wearied eyes, and felt that I could paint anything. My earliest success, was 'The Miller's Daughter.' I had seen her first, a tall tom- boy of sixteen, jumping hedges and diches with a pole. The daring girl actually had the audacity to try the stream, and went plump into it with a shout of laughter. I helped her out; and came to talk with her father, and to be a frequent visitor at the mill. He almost cried with delight over my sketches of it, finding the chimneys and windows all right with regard to numbers and position and gave me an order for a picture. In this I introduced Jo—short for Joanna; it was well hung in the exhibition to which I sent it, and made me something of a name. After that I was an honoured guest at the mill, and I soon found that Jo, though wild as a colt, had a large and beautiful nature, with no small share of taste and intellect. Not much education, after the manner of boarding-schools, but a mind full of history poetry and romance—all of the best. Her usual study was the branch of a tree leaning over the mill-stream, with a fishing-rod laying on the bank. How proud she was of her strength! At first she would leap and run and wrestle with me; but that was soon give up. For it began to be perceived, even by herself, perhaps, that the charming hoyden had rounded and ripened into a graceful and lovely woman. 'Happy's the wooing that's not long a-doing!' If I 'was but a landscape painter and a village maiden she,' at least our wordly insignificance left us free to mate as the birds of heaven. My Wanderjahr ended with our marriage. I could not well roam, about as before, and for many reasons it was better to live in Lon- don. I began to introduce figures more and more into my landscapes and make them the chief motive, instead of subordinate as hitherto. Perhaps it was because my studies in this line had been insufficient, perhaps be- cause people tired of seeing always one model that I gradually lost the position I had gained and found myself compelled at length to accept the appointment of drawing master in a school kept by two old ladies who had known me as a boy. This was a dreadful fall; but what could I do with those three little golden heads and growing bodies at home? It made me glad they were so like their mother, and I wanted them to grow up tall and strong, as she was. A wrestler against whom none may prevail has grappled one since then; and only two of the golden heads are left. Soon after the sale that school, our main- stay, was given up and things went even worse with us. Jo scribbled away faster than ever when we two were alone in the evening; and gazing at her while she sat at the writing table with the clanking brass handles, I used to wonder how she could keep her back so straight, with all there was to bend it. So it went on till two years after Mr. Gould's death, when one morning a letter came with great joy, for it announced my appointment as curator of an art institute and picture gal- lery in Australia. For a long time our thoughts had been turned to the other side of the globe. The idea of getting clear away from old associations, not pleasing now but painful, and starting afresh, as with a new life, on a new arena, had a strong charm for us both. Here, assuredly, was an end to ambition; but it was something to get a decent compe- tence and a respectable social standing in ex- change. Let us be satisfied, pack up, and be off under the new stars! So we also had our sale, but Jo would not part with the 'rich man's table,' as we called it, and she stowed away in the drawers all documents and letters that had to be preserved. Excepting a few cherished volumes, every- thing else had to go, in order to settle bills and pay for outfit and passage. At length, when we fondly believed that everything conceivable was well and truly settled, it was found that a wretched butcher's bill had been overlooked. What was to be done? My first impulse of exasperation was to throw it on the fire; for all we had left would not pay it by some shillings. In any case we might send the amount from Australia. But my wife would not hear of it. 'We must have a name behind us; poor but honest,' she said with a suspicious laugh, evidently forced. There was nothing for it but to sell the rich man's table. It was not yet packed; while I fetched Mr. Isaacs, who had formerly bought sketches from me, and lately, some of onr furniture; from whom after much hag- gling, I could get only four pounds for the table which had cost me six at the sale. Our packages were ready for the van that would convey them to the docks, and we had before us three days of peace and quiet. A strange feeling, a kind of awe, came upon us —a strange affection or at least forbearance for persons and places that we had heartily disliked. All necessary farewells were said, and on the second day I strolled out with the intention of making certain pilgrimages, There was the National Gallery and the Mu- seum; I might never see them again and it would be well for me to refresh my knowledge of the paintings and sculptures that people over there would want to hear about. No use to think of paying exhibitions; for it was a question of shillings with us now. Entering the parlour on my return, I was at once taken aback by the sight of our trunks laying about open and half-emptied, while Jo was kneeling before one of them with sleeves up to the shoulder, tossing out the contents and plunging her white arms into the lowest recesses. It was disheartening to find con- fusion and excitement prevailing once more —a dismal return of chaos. What on earth was the matter? Why so recklessly demolish those marvels of ingenious packing when the van might arrive at any moment? 'The passage tickets! I cannot find them,' she said, flushed, panting and almost crying. The strain of the first few days had been too great for her, and I also felt unable to bear much more of it. Controlling myself as well as might be, I asked were she had put them when I handed them to her. 'In the top left-hand drawer of the rich man's table,' she replied. 'I could swear to it. But I could not find them after turning out the drawers.' 'You are convinced,' I said, 'that in the first place you put those tickets in the top left-hand drawer or the table, Now, John Anderson' (I am not afraid of this joke, for it used to please her) 'you are an old and hardened offender. I am sorry to see you here again; but you will be dealt with more leniently if you faithfully answer my ques- tions.' Whereupon the culprit, who was on my knee by this time, behaved in very disrespect- ful maner. 'Come, young woman,' I said, having disen- gaged myself, 'you must not take up the time of the Court like this'; and the discord- ance between this form of address and the other produced a laugh such as I had not heard for years. And when I declared in terrible magisterial tones, that if I heard that again the court should be cleared, she called me a foolish old thing, and the sky was clear in a moment. Ah, those times! When I look over the drawers of that writing-table, only used now for storing sacred relics, I am fain to echo the cry: Give me back, give me back the wild freshness of the Morning. Her clouds and her tears are worth Evening's best light. Having ascertained that the envelope con- taining the tickets had been laid at the top of a drawer which was filled up, I surmised that they might have sliped through at the back into the hollow of the table. With this notion I flew to Isaac's dingy but respectable shop, which was not far off. It occurred to me on the way that it might be well to dis- semble; and I suggested, therefore, that a friend of mine had expressed a desire for the table if he could have it at a fair price. 'What would the gentleman like to give now?' said Mr. Isaacs. 'Its a very good piece, very 'andsome, worth ten guineas of any one's money. I refused eight pound ten for it this very morning as ever shone; didn't I now, Rebecca?' The girl stopped in her dusting, looked up with great black eyes from under a shock of wiry hair, and stared at him for a few mo- ments. Even she was amazed. 'Didn't I now, Rebecca?' he repeated in a wheedling tone, spreading out his hands and leering, with his head on one side like a jack- daw. ;I don't know,' she replied, 'wasn't it sold already? 'Sold!' he said sharply. 'Who to?' 'The old gentleman—him that wanted the yellow-bust. He took it away on a fly.' 'Dear, dear! To think that I should have forgotten. So it was; so it was.' Then he chuckled, wiped his watery eyes with a grimy silk handkerchief, and, resuming his blandest manner, assured me that otherwiise he would certainly have lost over it; for he could not have refused seven pound ten from a particular friend of mine. It is hard to be angry with your downright rogue; he is such an amusing creature. But my patience was well-nigh exhausted. How- ever, it was needful to keep up the semblance of good humour, for I must find out where the table had gone. Of course he did not know; but here the girl was again helpful, having overheard the address given to the cabman. Then Mr. Isaacs proffered his services; but, finding I was bent on going myself, he turned around at once and said that would be best. I don't think the gentleman's likely to part with the table,' he said, 'when he's only just bought it. But you'll talk him over, sir, if any one can. Ah! you'd have done well in my line—just the right way with you, and cunnin,' too.' The address given me was only about a mile off. As I knocked at the door of the house, which was detached and evidently well inhabited, I suddenly thought what an awkward business it was; for I did not know the name. But here fortune favoured me for once. While I was slowly taking out my card and thinking what excuse to make, an old gentleman came into the hall, and servant handed the card to him; he glanced at it, looked up and said; 'Excuse me, Mr. Marley; but have I the honour of speaking to the well-known artist?' I replied that I certainly was a water- colour painter, upon which he courteously invited me to enter, and took me into a room where several of my earlier drawings hung on the walls. He seemed quite proud and pleased, as if it was the most natural thing in the world that I should call upon him, proffered refreshments and never thought of asking the motive of my visit. But there was no time to lose; I looked round; and there, sure enough was the rich man's table in a recess. Having ex- plained, I had at once the opportunity of ex- amining it. As I had expected there was a narrow gap at the back of the drawers, through which anything flat laying at the top might easily slip into the body of the table. But the draws would not come out, and there was no room for inserting the hand. I was in blank despair. To have the top off seemed the only way; but how could I propose this? To my great relief it was suggested that a cabinet- maker should be sent for, and I in- sisted on going myself, to save time. It was nearly an hour before I returned with man and tools; and there were the drawers all out. The artificer evidently thought it very simple not to have discovered at once that they were held in by a movable peg at the side. But there was nothing behind them. This was a shock; for I had felt sure of finding the tickets. Dazed and confused, I mechanically took the wine and biscuits that were now pressed upon me; and indeed I wanted them by this time. The matter was too serious to admit vexation over such a small affair as the somewhat foolish figure I made; so I briefly apologised to the old gentleman for the trouble given, promised to let him know on the next day whether the tickets were found, and hurried off. Soon, however, I slackened my speed; what need was there now for haste? I tried to face the situation on the worst side, and re- solve definitely what to do. It was hardly psssible the tickets could really be lost; but, if they were not found in time we were in the same plight—a very disagreeable one, to say the least. I had already been compelled to borrow money towards purchasing them; where could I look a second time for such help? Perhaps if I let them know at once, the owners of the steamship would be able to fill our berths and give us passage in another vessel; but I feared the time was too short for that. In any case I should have to tele- graph to Australia, and also by some means augment our funds. Look which way I would, there was annoyance, humiliation and fresh outlay. It was not encouraging at the outset of a new career; and for one moment, I trust no more, I felt angry with my wife, who had brought all this upon me. But, after all, it was my own fault; I ought to have kept the tickets myself. In these last bewildered hours my faculties had been so completely absorbed by one object that everything else passed by, as the scenery does when one is absorbed by a book in the train. But vague recollections of things half seen out of the corner of the eye—a sheet of water, a castle; an old mill—will come back to the intent reader, and in the same way I recalled the strange demeanor of Isaacs when I left his shop. Was it my over-excited fancy, or had the girl Rebecca hovered about the entrance and came forward as if to speak to me, while her father balked her by stepping between, chattering after the manner of his, and escorting me with superfluous politeness well into the street? But if he had found the tickets, what could he gain by sending me on such a wild goose chase and fool's errand. However, I went round by his shop and found him standing at the entrance. 'Well, Mr. Marley,' he said, in respect- fully sympathetic tones, 'I'm afraid you're had no luck. As I see you comin' along, I says to myself 'Mr. Marley has had no luck,' I says.' 'No, Mr. Isaacs, I have not; and I am seriously put about.' I had resolved on my course, and so continued: 'The fact is that some papers were left in that table which are useless to any one but myself—our passage tickets. They are not there now, and I am afraid I shall have to put a detective to work.' 'Dear, dear! Why not tell me of it before? See what comes out of not bein' open and friendly. I remember now, there were some old letters at the back of one of the drawers. But lor'! we never take notice of such things. Perhaps the tickets was in one of the en- velopes.' I never felt so much inclined to strike a savage blow as at that moment. 'Why had he not told me of this?' I furiously demanded in far more emphatic words. 'Well,' said he, in a deprecating and mol- lifying maaner, 'why not ask me now? You spoke of buying back the table, and I didn't think of them. Tables is tables and papers is papers. When gentlemen speaks of one thing, I wouldn't presoom to suppose they mean another.' 'Never mind,' I said; 'let me have at once what you found.' He began to shuffle and poke about, muttering that he was not sure where he had put them; that he had bought the table as it stood and supposed he had a right to what was in it; that he was a poor man and could not afford to despise money; and so forth. At last he appeared to give up the search, wiped his face with the grimy silk handkerchief, and said, regret- fully: 'I shall get a rare scoldin' from Rebekker I know; she said the papers might be worth something.' After a minute he went on, as if to himself: 'I hope I shan't get into trouble over it. But lor'! all the detectives in the world couldn't find the papers if I can't.' It was clear that the old rascal was too many for me, and that my cocks would not fight. I saw there was only one way, and suggested that I should feel bound to pay for his loss of time in hunting up the papers. He could have a sovereign for them if found to-night: after that they would be no use to any one. 'That was more like business,' he said; but he would have to put some very impor- tant matters aside. As it was, he had missed an appointment. If the papers were worth anything, they must be worth more than £1. If I had offered £2, perhaps he would not grudge the time and trouble. Finally we agreed upon the mean sum, and Isaacs began to shuffle about again. I saw that he was getting warm, warmer, hot, burning, as the children say. Suddenly he stood glaring into a drawer to which, of course, he had been working round. At that moment Rebecca came in from the street, and he turned upon her like a fury. 'Where's those papers?' he cried, in a hoarse voice. 'How should I know?' she said. 'Where did you put them?' 'In this drawer;' and then, recollecting himself, 'I couldn't remember at first, but now I'm certain of it. They was here this mornin', an' now it's empty.' 'Oh,' she said, ' there was a lot of rub- bish in there, and I suppose I burnt it all to- gether.' It was maddening. But here was an end of anxious doubt, at all events. That was a kind of relief, and the frustration of Isaacs unholy greed was no small solace. Now the strain was over I could almost laugh at his preposterous rage and the grotesque efforts with which he vas bound to smother it after his lies and shamming. 'Naturally,' I remarked, 'you did not look to see what the envelope contained, or you would have been sure to let me know at once. But in the name of all patriarchs, why did Miss Rebecca burn it, when she had said that the contents might be valuable?' Here he put in promptly: 'You did say, Rebecca, that I should get a scoldin' from the gentleman, if they were lost; didn't you, now?' The young woman glanced at her father with that rather savage look I had observed before. Then she said sharply enough: 'Perhaps the gentleman might find the tickets at home, after all. It's only a guess they were in the table. Very likely they were mislaid somewhere else; and all this fuss about nothing.' 'Well, well,' said Mr. Isaacs. 'I won't say but what he might. And if you don't have no luck, sir,' turning to me, quite calm and bland again, 'I won't say but what we might find them yet.' So long as there was the ghost of a chance of two pounds without labour he was not the man to give it up. Wearied out and completely disgusted, I turned back to our lodgings. And whereas, when entering them cheerfully I had been suddenly confronted by trouble, it now hap- pened that returning thither in despair I found myself literally face to face with glad- ness; for Jo came flying to meet me, waving a yellow envelope! About an hour after I had left her she had been surprised by the announcement that Miss Isaacs wanted to see her, and still more surprised when she received from that young woman the envelope containing the passage-tickets, with two or three old letters that had slipped through in the same way. The poor girl, though agitated, was charac- teristically discreet. She said they were found only that morning, just before the table was sold, and had been put by at the moment without examination. When I called, her father had smelt a rat; but he was angry at what he called my 'cunnin,' thinking it highly presumptuous, no doubt, in an amateur like me to try to get the bet- ter of him, as he put it. He knew perfectly well what I was after, and had no fear that I should buy the table back; moreover, he wanted an opportunity for seeing what the papers were. Having ascertained—for the envelope was not fastened—he naturally re- solved on making profit by the find. But she knew how great our distress would be and thought of the poor lady and the dear little children she had seen with me. Might she kiss them? This request was not very kindly received by the objects of it; for Miss Rebecca was not over-clean or tidy, and those great black eyes under the frizzy mop of hair were frightening. But it could not be refused, and so Jo encouraged them by kiss- ing Rebecca herself in the fullness of her heart. Whereupon the poor girl had cried and implored the dear lady to keep her secret. We should be off in a few days, and then it would not matter. In the meanwhile she would have to stand out that she burned the envelopes with a lot of rubbish. Her father was a good man, but in anxiety to make money for his own, he sometimes for- got the difficulties of other people. And so she went on her way, kissed and comforted once more. Rebecca will never forget to her dying day that catholic embrace, which took in all her tawdry, unkempt frowsiness. After supper we overhauled the other dis- coveries. There were two letters, twenty years old, records of a sad family story, very dusty and yellow, in mean-looking, old fashioned envelopes, with curved flap and embossed flower. There, was also, which was more remarkable, a large modern en- velope, with bulky inclosure, fastened and addressed in a shaky hand to Mr. George Coope of the well-known firm of solicitors, Coope & Grabham. This might be of conse- quence, so I resolved to deliver it myself next morning. I requested to see Mr. Coope on important business, and being admitted explained to him the remarkable circum- stances under which the letter had come into my hands. While I was talking he opened the cover and glanced at the con- tents, giving me a keen look from time to time. Then he became quite cordial, asking me several questions about Mr. Gould and my acquaintance with him, until at length I told the story of the visit in the yellow chariot.' 'It is to that visit, I suppose, he alludes in this letter. Take a glass of wine, Mr. Marley—and perhaps you had better read it yourself.' The letter was dated three days after the last occasion when I had dined with the old gentleman, himself, and only two days be- fore he died. It ran thus: DEAR MR. COOPE : I will trouble you to substitute the will enclosed herewith for that which you hold, and it may be as well I should explain to you my reasons for the change. Many years ago I greatly desired to adopt as my heir a little boy for whom I had a strong affection, the son of a worthy friend Mr. Marley, the engraver, but could not ob- tain the consent of the parents. Having lost sight of the family for a long time, I lately met my intended successor, and found, by inquiry and personal observation, that he is a clever industrious and highly respectable young man though poor. It would not be right com- pletely to alter the disposition of my property; but I desire to give him some compensation, in accordance with the terms of the will, dated July 16, 18—, which I now send you. I have the honour to remain, dear sir, your obliged, obedient servant, RICHARD GOULD. I flatter myself that I rose considerably in Mr. Coope's esteem by the preternatural calmness with which I inquired after the provisions on the new will. Of course, he knew it was only assumed. But I was sure he honoured the assumption, for he shook my hand kindly, expressed his great satisfaction that all had come right, and his perfect con- fidence that I should make a good use of my good fortune. I was to have one quarter of the net proceeds from the sale of Westfield— a moderate computation, £20,000. Hardly necessary to state that our bales were brought back from the dock, whither they had been taken during my absence, and that I gave no more drawing lessons, at least after a few months. For there was delay and some difficulty, and we had to live in the meanwhile. The chief point was to find the witnesses, Mr. Gould's butler and a private friend; this done there was little trouble, for the estate was not all sold as yet. And be- fore Chistmas I was able to realize the dreams of years by walking down Regent street with Jo and buying whatever she fancied. Among our first purchases was a gold watch with chain of a florid pattern, which are proudly worn by Miss Isaacs to this day. Two brown tomboys, as tall as myself nearly, keep house for me now in our cottage on the Upper Thames. We have a boat and, punt, and half the year almost live out of doors running up to town for a month or two in winter. I do a bit of sketching when the humour is on me, but don't trouble myself much about it; and altogether life glides on even more smoothly than the stream, that stream so dear to the miller's daughter, beside which we knew five years of perfect happi- ness before she passed that other river. I ought to mention that my pictures on the walls, all well hung, attract less attention somehow than certain yellow scraps of printed paper, ugly things enough, but quaintly framed and glazed. When I tell the inquiring that but for them I should have been in Australia, if anywhere, they are puzzled by the seeming paradox, and reason must be given. Having become very tired of repeating the tale, I set it down here once for all. Friends will kindly accept this explanation and Australian papers please copy. 