Mr. I). Christie Murray. War Correspondent. Novelist, Journalist, and Lecturer. By the Maranoa, yesterday morning, there arrived in Brisbane Mr. David Christie Murray, whoso name is well known to all readers of fiction as one of the most ohartn in(? of writers, whose books in addition to all their merits, have that rare one, purity juifl mstory hob Deen twice told in these oolumns, and our readers are already aware that ho has been something more thtn a novelist. Not the least important of hifl joumalistio functions has been that of war correspondent, and yesterday was to be witnessed tho rare Bight of two ex - war correspon dents qnietly lunchiDg in one of the clubs of tbia oity. One of these was Mr. Christie Murray, who represented the London Times with the Turkish atmy inside Plevna, and the other was Mr. Kinnaird Eoee, who was the Scbttman's war correspondf nt with tbe BuBsian army out side Plevna. Mr. Murray will tell his experi ences to- night and, according to the southern papers the Btory is a very thrilling one well told. Last night lir. Murray resited selections from his poetical and proBO works. Mr. Murray has a bintrnlarly pleasant voice, and recited bi6 poems— grave and gay ? with not a little power. The sp.'oial feature was, however, the telliog of the story, 'The Showman's Ghost.' In this Mr. Murray thowed great power. He repro duced dialeots with skill, and the pathetio as well bb the_ humorouii waa faithfully repre sented. This story enchained the audience for nearly an hour, and at its olose tbe applause was as spontaneous and hearty as Mr. Murray could wish. The Novelist Interviewed. When Greek meets Greek then comes the tug of war, but when a literary luminary is subjected to the crosa-fire of an intereiewing inquisitor, there comes only tha even flow of clear ideas and well choson expressions of opinion. The difficulty of dragging out desired information, so frequently experienced in interviewing financial and other authorities, was entirely absent from the interview with tho broad-minded literary man, 'and opinions were delivered conoieely, gracefully, and graciously. Starting with ourselves. and the most central and individual (ympathies of 'ourselves,' a reference was made to the literary ttatua of Australia. Of the poetical and fiction branoh of the oult, Mr. Mui ray said he waB now pub ishing a series of ariicles for a syndicate in the southern papers on that very subjeot. Of the newspaper litera ture he could say nothing in these articles, be cause of the anomaly of speaking in newspapers of what they themselves are most remarkable for But he would Bay that he was most pleasingly ?mpreteed with the appearance of the Australian journals. There waa throughout their columns a ring distinctly British. He as a British joumalUtregarded the British joumal istio world as the best in the world, and waa deeply gratified at recognising ia the daily and other newspapers here, the same characteristics whinh made British newspapers so different from, Bay the American, fho latter at times had a mOBt unfortunate tendenoy to degenerate into a 'personality' warfare, teaming with spiteful, malioiouj, and vindictive personalities, but he was proud to think that the British daily Press was uusavoured with this taint, and equally proud to see the Australian Press following the British load. The typ- of journal he most admired was the manly, pure, high-toned, discriminating London Standard, and all papers which wore on parallel lines, with that journal deserve! and received his respect. The comic element was n it of a very brilliant class in Australia, and had a large amount to learn in point of keenness of wit and eleganoe of expressing wit'.ioisma, hut that w is a matter whioh would come in all probability in time. There was one feature in the Aus tralian newspaper Press which waa moro ?n a par wim tne amoncan man tne isntiau, and that was in the matter of interviews. This was, however, capable of explanation. Owing to the remote distance st whioh Australia was situated with regard to Europe and America, the visits of persons with reputations from tho older countries was to a very great extent a matter of some moment. Their opinions were also of eome weight, and therefore the praotioe of interviewing was adopted to obtain those opinions and give them to the publio. On the other hand there was but little necessity for the interviewer in Groat Britain, and so published interviews were the exception and not the rule. In this reBpeot the Press hera was similar to the Amerioan, but otherwise it was of the British type. As in other branches of the artiatioprnfessioas, the field for real literary work was not exten sive in AuEtraiia, but it waB, at the flame time, a field which would develop and grow to larger proportioninthoooursoof years. One very special feature about it, aad one indeed whioh was as distinot in ita promise of infiuenoe in the future as any, was the almost necessity of having local oobtira given in the working out of any plot or story. At home and in Amerioi the journey to the old romantic centres of life was but small, and writers were not entirely unable to visit them, and lay the scenes of their stories in them, making their ohief characters natives of the plaoe, and thus add ing; what to some readers was the attraction of distance. In Australia that was and would be different. The distance was great to the old world retreats, and required time and money (usually a Bounty commodity in the literary world), whioh a working writer oould not afford to expend. So he would be compelled to look nearer home for his scenes, and lay his plots in familiar plaoes. Thus there would spring up .a literature distinctly Australian in character, in scene, and in sympathies. The ^jauiKi c M.»f Hum uotuu^iDU) wuuui uoai the same inrpresaion, and in the far future if things went on as they were going, the nation of Australia would be especially national inlur oulture. But art would be lung in growing here. It was always bo in new oountrios, and would doubtless bo so here. There was not the encouragement and the vast oonoenauB of educated publio opinion whioh was so nooenmry to bring about tho production of genius's finest fancy, and many years would probably roll by before the art masters of Australia could take their place amongst tho art masters of the old ?world. That he was immensely surprised with Aus tralia he admitted. There waa nothing in the plaoe whioh ought not to have beenexpeoted, but then one never does look to see what ought to be expected. One of the matters whioh Etrike strongly upon a new arrival's powers of observation, is tho different ourrent of political feeling whioh exists in tho raoe hero and at home. Speaking of the raoe. particularly it -was, he contendod, most British in ita oonfigu ration, there waa that free and open-handed generosity to those in distress whioh formed so fine a feature in the British peoplo, and which came to the front so prominently in the recent Johnstown disaster and the London Dock Strike. Digressing for a moment, he pointed out that although the dock labourers' Btruggle was looked upon as a great instance of the grinding tyranny of capital over labour, in reality the balanoe was the other way. The dock companies pay small dividend;, but are regarded as remarkably aafo invest ments, and oa such are largely patronised by holders of small sums of money, clergymen's widows, and Bimilar individuals, who eke out a not too luxurious living out of the small divi dends paid. Thua, the reduotion of thoee dook dividends doeB not mean the lightening of in oomea already too large for man to comfortably spend but the decreasing of pittances already too email for comfort let alone afiluonoo. As regards the Australian raoe, however, there was not a sufficient development in any direction to point out the probable future developmentofthe race character. There wus un- doubtedly a heavy prevalence of the manly pluoh and estimable straightforwardness of the British racial oharootor, but all aubjoots woro too muoh in embryo for any ono to attempt to delineate tho future oharaoter dearly. As regards tho physioal evolution, it appeared as though tho British people hod been planted upon a soil and in a climate whioh wat admir ably adapted to their higher cultivation. Some of the native-born colonists were of a grand typo of being, and if this sort of thing only continued, the futuro Australians would boa raooof Anaku. But one could not say defi nitely, for after all it might be only a temporary and spasmodic spurt, similar to what frequently ocoure when a plant from A temperate zone la transplanted to a .Bub-tropical zone, a grand.. flourish preceding decay. This rapid and strong growth,1 doubtless, ,gavo a colouring, to tho political feeling whioh ran in a direction not to be wondered at, buf at the same timo not to be envied. Tho plaoe was young yot and the In stitutions were young, and although he was. one who argaed that when Australia denirod to be and was strong enough to be .a nation, she should become one, he could not see that tho present national wave waa the healthiest that oould oweep tho ocean of Australian thought. He would urge patienoe, that old doctrine of wicdom, for iteoemedasthoughitnpatientyoung Australia would break open tho acorn to see whether there really was an oak tree inside, in stead of giving the seed time to germinate and grow. An investigation of the acorn might bo interesting, bnt scarcely conduoivo to subse quent growth. The national pride and patriot ism were by no means to be doprecated. It was too great a British characteristic to offend British people; bnt there waa an abortive growth out of it whioh was to be deprecated equally as muoh as the excefBivo antithetical exuberance of imperial federationiats. He was convinced that a great war scare, were it to come, would create a great revulsion of feeling in the states of Australia, for then tho old mother land would be seen iu her trua relationship, spend ng millions of pounds and thousands ot men n tho succour of her dependencies. Tho Soudan contingent had been accepted as a token of good feeling, albeit tho mother land did not absolutely require the help' given. But should Australia ever want that help Australians will be warmed and won to ad miration by the manner in whioh British money and mon will be found to accord it. Tbe Australian?, as a nation, would find au ultimate benefit accruing to them by the patient cxercito of restraint until their vast territory and resources are more opened up uuJ. their numbers more increased, before they raise the separation cry too loudly. He had heard a great deal about the hos pitality of Australians before he left England, and was told that he would be received with open-handed generosity, and he could only state now that in no respect were these qualities overrated. Wherever he had been, he had been received with the same courtesy and consideration. It had frequently been remarked that Melbourne was a moat American city, both as regards customs and construction. To thia he could not entirely agree. There was a very large amount of speculation and gambling carried on in the city, and sporting pastimes were very largely patronised, but thia did not make the place American. Then again, he had heard that there was a distinct Austra lian accent by which an Australian could be easily recognised. To this also he dissented, for 8B a studler of dialects of eome years stand ing, he had oaiefully watohed and listened for the distinctive accent, which, however, he had failed to deteot. Accents there were undoubtedly bnt none that could not be found in some portion of the British Isles. The slang was also more of an imported than a native des cription, and not very profaae or expresBive at that. It lacked the piotuiesqaeness of the American and the appropriateness of the British, and waa not a rival or even equal to either. The existence of the Botanical gar dens in the various cities was a pleasing- and tangible exhibition of taste. In Ballarat, great pride was evidently taken in them, and they formed one of tho most pleasing features in that pleasing town. Many a beautiful litt'o Bpot was secluded in tho beauties of these gardens and their influence upon the public must be one of benefit. His short residenco in thia oity was not sufficient to allow of an expression' of opinion as to Brisbane in particular, but he hoped to (SQ.9 mo?e of it before he star^.! away again. He hid made one discovery, Lowever. and that was that some of the residents were very touchy upon the matter of tha river A lady had asked him what he thought oE the river, and when he had replied in terms not overburdened with superlative' ebe was apparently somewhat disappointed. He looked forward, however, to seeing sb much of this city and surroundings as he oould, and was batiBfied, in tho meantime, that the pleasant surprises lie had in the other colonies both aa regards men and manners, would not be reversed in the capital of Queens land. 