Bill Nye In Ciaol. Bill Nye has been writing up life in Ludlow-street Gaol for the Now York World. He is careful to explain his presence there thus : — 'I ought, in justice to my family, to say, perhaps, that I came down this morning to see a friend of mine who is here beoause he refuses to pay alimony to his recreant and morbidly Bociablo wife. He says he is quite content to stay here, so long as his wife is on tho outside.' Here is his account of prison life : The most painful feature about lifo in Ludlow-street Gaol is the confinenvnt. One cannot avoid a feeling of being con stantly hampered and hemmed in. One more disagreeable thing ia tlio great Booial distinction here. The poor man who sleeps in a Btone niche near the roof, and is constantly elbowed and hustled out of his bed by earnest und restless vermin with a tendency for insomnia, is burrassed by meeting in the court-yard and corridors the dying boarders who wear good clothes, livo well, have their brandy and Kentucky Sec all the time. But, great Scott I what a comfort it is to a man like me who has been nearly killed by a cyclone to feel the firm, secure walls and solid time lock when he goes to bed at night ! We retire at 7.30 o'clock at night nnd arise at 6.30 in the morning, so as to get an early start. A man who has five or ten years to serve in a place like this naturally likes to get at it as soon as possible each day, and bo he gets .up at 6.30. We dress by the gaudy light of tho candle, and while we do so we remembor far away at home our wife and the littlo boy asleep in her arms. They do do not get up at 6.30. It is at this hour wo remember the fragrant drawer in tho dresser at home where our clean shifts and collars and cuffs and socks and hand kerchiefs are put every week by our wife. We also recall as we go about our stone den, with its odour of farmer corned beef and the ghost of some bloody-handed predecessors' snore still moaning in the walls, the picturo of greeu grass by our own doorway and tho applos that were just ripening when tho bench-warrant came. The time from 6.30 to breakfast is taken up by the uverago or non-paying inmate by doing the cbamberwork and tidying up his stateroom. I do not know | how others feel about it, but I disliko chamberwork heartily, especially when I | ara in gaol. Nothing has done more to | keop me out of gaol, I guess, than the | fact that while there I have to mako up | my bed and dust the pinno. 1 We go down to the sink to wash our I faces nnd bauds. It is a pleasant sight, i nnd reminds me of a herd of red-legged I geese in a mud-hole. | Breakfast is generally table d note, nnd consists of bread. A tin cup of coiToo takes the taste of the bread out of your mouth, and then if you have some Liiu berger cheese in your pooket you can with that remove the taste of the coiTue. Dinner is served at 12 o'clock, and consists of more bread with soup. This soup has everything in it except nourish ment. The bead ou this soup is notice able for quite a distance. It is disagree able. Several days ago I heard that Mayor Hewitt was in the soup, from shop-worn rice up to neat's-foot oil. Once I thought I detected cuisine in it. The dinner menu is changed on Thurs days, Fridays, and Sundays, on which days you get the soup first and the bread afterwards. In this way the bread is saved. Three days in the week at dinner e«cli man gets a potato with a thousand legged worm in it- At 6 o'olock comes supper with toast and responses. Bread is served at supper- time together with a cup of tea. To those who dislike bread and never eat Boup, or do not drink tea or coffee, life at Ludlow-street Gaol is indeed irksome. I asked for knmyss this morning and a pony of Benedictine, as my stono bou doir made me feel rocky, but it baB not yet been sent up. Somehow, while here, I cannot forget poor old man Dorrit, the Master of tbe Marshalsea. and how the Debtors' prison preyed upon hiB mind till he did't enjoy anything but to stand off and admire himself. Ludlow-street Gaol is a good deal like it in many ways, and I can see how in time the cankor of unrest and bitter memories of bow those who did usj wrong are basking in the bright anw bracing air, while we, to meet their obli| gations, sacrificed our money, our healtiij and at last our minds, would kill hora and ambition. | In a few weeks I believe I would als| get a preying on my mind. It is aboul the last thing I would think of preyiol on, but a man must eat something. | 