She 4xjnB$L THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14. Tue case of appropriating for irriga tion water furnished by the Water Trust, which was heard at the police Court on Tuesday, will probably come as a surprise to'niany persons who have hitherto regarded the abundant supply flowing down the several creeks as public property, and available for irrigation. The decision shows that no matter how plentiful the flow— even- to-the extent of a flood—under existing conditions the water may not be appropriated for irrigation. The Water Trust as now constituted is not empowered even to sell the water, and further is liable to a heavy penalty on the action of any landowner who can show that he has been deprived of his natural supply by their apathy in allow ing others to unduly appropriate or divert the stream. It appears some what harsh that farmers may not avail themselves of a plentiful supply, but such is the law under the present Water Trust constitution. As the chairman of the bench pointed out in the case in question, a heavy flood was coming down the creek at the date, and the small quantity of water pumped by the Chinaman was of no consequence still the stern fiat was in existence that it could not be utilised for irrigation undef the Water Trust Act. The case is opportune as showing the wisdom of the residents of the area in availing themselves of the Irrigation Act, a petition for which has been just duly completed by a majority of residents. Under this act new powers are vested in the Trust, and persons desirous of utilising the water for irrigation pur poses can do so at a small cost and without fear of vexatious legal pro ceedings. The Water Trust has done excellent work in providing a splendid supply of water which now flows from Casey’s weir right through Numurkah Shire to the Murray near iichuca ; and the body now gracefully retires in favor of the new Irrigation Trust shortly to be established, by which resir dents along the creeks, will be allpwed to take advance of the bountiful supply for irrigation purposes. It is with deep regret we have this week to record the demise of Mrs Luth, wife of Mr. Henry Luth, Tungamah, which oc curred at her late residence atl o'clock on Sunday morning. The deceased lady has been suffering for-three weeks, with exem plary Christian fortitude, from an' attack of enteric fever, which was greatly intern sitiecl by the fact of having a child in arms: She leaves a sorrowing husband to mourn her loss together with two. children,.'.the eldest of whom is but-2.years of/agii and the youngest six months. The case ex cited the greatest sympathy, and quite.a gloom was thrown oyev jhotpwri when the fatal result was announced. Hr. Branson, tile medical attendant,did everything post sible, and on Saturday, Dr. Denis of Y.-ir rawonga, was called into consultation, but lie agreed that nothing further could be done to relieve the sufferer. The deceased lady was 25 years old and lias only resided in Tungamah a few months. The re mains wore interred at the Tftngainah cemetery on Sunday afternoon, when the Rev. D, B. Morris performed the last sad rites and addressed the large gather ing at the grave in a touching manner. Mr. T. Farr conducted the arrangements.; Mr. Luth desires to acknowledge his deep gratitude to Mrs. Chapman, who was un wearied in her voluntary attention to the invalid. During the past week a discovery of mineralised quartz has been made near Wnngaratta, says the Dispatch, by a party of miners named Brice. The locality is about eight miles north-west from Waii garatta, in the parish of Killawarra, oil Futter’s Range, or, as it is locally called, the Wnrby Range. The country is grani tic, and the reef discovered is of very large extent, being about 20 ft. wide. Samples of the stone have been forwarded to the Mining Department for assay, and (die result wijl be known in a day or two. The stone is highly mineralised, and ex hibits iron pyrites and galena in consider able quantities. The galena looks like that obtained from the silver- bearing lodes at Broken Hill and elsewhere ; but until the result of the assay is made known, we cannot say whether it contains silver or gold, The locality of Futter’s Range has Tong been known to contain reefs bearing minerals of various flesei jptions, Only recently the prospecting-bo rd has subsi dised three parties of two men each to search for gold there, and the discovery above referred to was made ah jut five inijos from the prospectors’ camp. The prospectors ljave not yet reported the dis covery of payable gold, They are (trying the alluvial flats and creek ; ljut if the assay of the new reef proves the existence of gold or silver in the locality, wo would advise that the prospector’s attention be directed to the reefs as well as the creeks and gullies. Monday, 25th February, is gazetted as a bank holiday at St. James. Applications for a share in the grantfor the purpose of aiding the funds of free libraries and country-museums, must ba made to the Chief Secretary on or before 28th February, who will also supply forms, &c.;, on application. As the sum of £10,000 has been voted this year for the purpose, a handsome bonus to the local free library may be expected, if proper application be made. Orders in Council, 25th January, have been gazetted, granting the sums for the undermentioned works ; Yarrawonga bridge, £4,544 towards half cost of conr struetion by the Government of Now South Wales ; Yarrawonga Shire, £250, to assist in erecting two bridges over the Boosey Creek, Council to expend £250 additional. Numurkah Shire, £200, to assist in maintaining main roads, council to expend £200 additional. During the heavy rains last week the rainfall, as registered by Mr. Jas. Lee, Youarang, amounted to 107 points or .‘i points off 2 iuclies. It is said that the rain towards Tungamah was much heavier than at this point. The Hugo Buffalo Minstrels gave their well-known entertainment in the Mechan ics’ Mall on Friday evening to an excel lent house. The first part commenced with a semi-negro circle at which the cus tomary Qhpisty songs were given ; the gags being noted for their originality, were also greatly relished. The second part consisted of a lengthy and diversified variety entertainment. Miss Priscilla Yerpe was the chief favorite, and her surprisingly rapid changes of costume brought down the house and fully justi fied the advertised “lightning” changes. Mr. Chas. Hugo, in his comic songs and dances, hit the taste of the audience and was several times encored. Miss Do Vore and Miss Tessie Cleveland gave several good class songs in the course of the evening which were well received and Mr. Dick Devereux exhibited a good baritone voice toadvantago in one or two /lumbers. The performance closed with a ridiculous “ghost” farce entirely unworthy an otherwise really good programme. After the Police Conpt proceedings cn Tuesday closed, some surprise was ex pressed outside that the proceedings | against Edouard Chare on a charge of criminal assault, were adjourned for a week on the plea that the prisoner was unacquainted with tile English langmge and demanded an interpreter. It was assorted by persons acquainted with Chave that he understood English sufficiently well to know what was going on, and that it was a needless expense -to again bring up the witnesses, including -Mr. C. it. Blackett, the Government analyist, who had come from Melbourne to give evidence in the case. In explanation it may be said that when a foreigner with any show of reason sets up this plea, it cannot be denied in the preliminary stages, as in the event of a committal on.so serious a charge, the prosecution would be liable to heavy censure in the higher courts if the plea was ignored. A disastrous fire occurred at Melbourne on Friday night when the engineering works of Messrs. Robinson Bros., Camp bell and Sloss Limited wore destroyed. The damage is estimated at £40,000 of which some £0,000 only is covered by in surance. The Tungamah Brass Band gave a very, acceptable rendering of several musical selections on Saturday evening in front of the Mechanics’. Although without the, assistance of the bandmaster the pieces were very well performed and greatly ap preciated by the public. Wo might add that if such performances were more fre quently given, it would tend greatly to popularise the band, and command a larger share of public sympathy than has been the case in the past. The following are the numbers rendered :— March, “New South Wales”; Irish medley, “ Killarney ” ; “Beautiful Loch Lomond ” “Waite”; schottischo, “Margaret”; quadrille, “Rosalinda”; galop, “Rosy Mr. Wm. Dwyer, Bun-amine, has sent us a sample of amber caue grown on his property this season. It is about 7ft. in height and has been grown without any irrigation. Mr. Dwyer procured lOlbs seed from West Bros., Mooroopna, at a cost of 13. per lb. simply as an experiment and this quantity was sufficient to sow half an acre of ground. The seed was planted in September and at the New Year was only abuut C inches in height. Since ' that time the growth has been simply wonderful and the crop now meas ures from Cft. to 7ft. in height and a very heavy yield. The experiment has decided Mr. Dwyer to go in for a huge quantity next season as a fodder for stock. The committee appointed at the last council meeting; consisting of Crs. Dwyer, Jeffrey and Crockett and R. H. Horsburgh, to enquire into the alleged irregularities in respect to the shire accounts, met on Tues day morning at the Shire Hall, Tungamah. The committee after deliberation decided to conduct the inquiry with closed doors and we are therefore unable to give a report of their investigations. The only information vouchsafed to . the press being that the report would he handed in to the council. By hearsay, we learn that several witnesses, both officials and ratepayers, gave' evidence as to monies being paid in ami not accounted for. The secretary who was the last witness called upon, requested that fuller enquiry into the system of receiving and accounting for rates in the offjee ho gone into, pending which he held over any state ment. The enquiry was adjourned until the 25th-inst.; the date of 'annual meeting of the council. ■ John Williams, a West Indian, was brought up on remand at the Benalla police court, oil Tuesday, on the charge oE having attempted to commit a criminal assault on Mrs. Mon-iiium;'the wife of the Rev. II. E. Moi i-imau, Wesleyan minister, on the night of the 2nd instant. The case was heard with closed doors. Mr. Merriman was abr sent at. .Beechworth, and the Rev. Mr. -Osborne; who ivas to preach next day,'was sleeping at the Parsonage.. At about mid night the prisoner entered Mrs. Mcriiman’s room'by -.he.window, and attempted to com mit the offence, using considdi-able violence. Mrs, Morriman’s screams; awoke Mr. Os borne; who answered, “I’m coming.” where upon the prisoner made off-. He, however, passed the house again at o.o’clock, when lie was fully identified, Information was given to the police, and trie prisoneravas arrested about two miles up the river. He was com mitted for trial in the Supreme Court at Benaila,' on 17tb May.../riie hearing oc a second charge of attempted)criminal assault, by the same prisoner, on [Mrs. Powell, of the Victoria Hotel, on the same night, was adjourned to the 20th instn Mr. Charles W, Lnngtroc, secretary for Mines and Water Supply, has been s.lected by the Government for the vacancy in the Public Service Board, caused by tlie resig nation of Colonel Templeton. The committee of the Tungamah Brass Band have abandoned the proposed concert, and decided to devote all their energies to a ball, wijich will be held in the Mechanics' Hail, oa Wednesday evening next. The proceeds will be devoted to the uniform Tivo of the candidates for this electorate have broken the ice, so far as laying their views before the public is concerned. - Mr. J. M-Niiimra intends addressing the electors at Tungamah next Council day, and Mr. H. Massey Bimlon is'announced to speak here on Friday evening next. Presbyterian services next Sunday are as follow —Tungamah,11 n.m. and 7 15 p.m. ; .Worth Yonrang, Spun, B. D. Morris. Church' of England''services next Sunday are as follow : Yarrawonga, H a.m.; Boo mnlinocmoonah, 3 p.m.; Tungamah, 7 p.m., Rev. R. H. Potter. Bible Cliristain services for next Sunday arc as follow.— Uev. J-. T. Baglin, Dcvcnish 3 p.ni. Harvest thanksgiving; Devenish East, 7.30. Rev. A. Mitchell, Devenish J2as;t 11 a,in. ; Tungamah, 7.30 p nr. (special harvest thanksgiving service. Our Mclb rarne letter, sever,.1 local advts.,; and other matter, will be found on our fourth . __ 