"THE OLD FOLKS AT HOME." IT is one of the most remarkable fea tures of the Imperialistic cant with which a certain class of Englishmen endeavour to gull the world into a belief in the stability of their imaginary British Empire that they press into their service all those pretty sentiments and fashionable phrases which, when honestly interpreted and applied, do, in fact, most irretrievably damn the system which they are intended to bolster up. That splen did hybrid specimen of despicable humanity, HENNIKER-HEATON - the most degraded of renegade Australian absentees, and the mostabhorrentspeci menof a tuft-huntintg,toad-eatingCock ney-is always on the hunt for some new method of licking the boots of those proud, contemptuous Tories who, metaphorically speaking, make a door-mat of the fundamental por tion of this subservient snob's un mentionables. He first of all began posing as a brilliant example of Aus tralian loyalty, but even the Tories soon got ashamed of him as a loyal dummy. Then " 'ENNIKER the aitch less" started off as the Tormentor in-Chief of the English Postmaster General. He worried and pestered the Government and the House of Commons with questions and speeches \- all prepared by his " ghost," or literary nurse-on matters connected. with Anglo-Australian postage, until the. Government peremptorily "sat on " him, and the House sneeringly snubbed him into silence. Finding the postage dodge played out, he struck out in a new line-that of mediator between oppressed Irish peasants and their oppressors. Here, again, his paltry ambition came down "a cropper," because he found that the Irish peasantry refused to even "touch with a long pole" this dirty political tool and panderer, whom they despise even more heartily than do the rack-renting Tory- Coercionists who misgovern Ieland at Westminster. Butthis toady is blessed by Providence with a rhinoceros toughness of hide in the very portion of his body whefe he most requiries it; and no sooner is he kicked or knocked down, than he bobs up smilingly again, meekly inviting another buffet in the same portion of his anatomy. .His latest attempt to inflate the bursted bladder of his own paltry reputation is to figure as the patriotic colonial statist at St. Stephen's; and it is here that we must crave the patience of our readers while we consider this versatile plagiarising flunkey in his new r6le as the "heavy father" of Australian figures. Writing last month to one of those parasitical pseudo-Australian journals which exist in London by means of puffing disloyal Australians and glob o trotting cattle-duffers, the member for Canterbury says: "One of the grand est evidences of the love of our kith and kin beyond the sea for 'the old folks at home' is afforded by the answer given to me this evening by the Postmaster-General, who, bl-th/ bye, did not seem to realise the importance of the information he supplied.'! The italics are our own, as we intend to show that it is highly probable that the Honorable COEoL RAIKcEs, mem ber for the Oxford University, and Postmaster-General, knew more about the real significance of the said figures than did 'ENNIIxCE 'EATox, the despic able Tory nominee for the "rotten borough" of Canterbury. The figures in question, stripped of official phraseologv. stand thus: Last year .129,701 middle-class people in Australia sent to Great Britain and Ireland the sum of £447,612-that is considerably more than £1200 per day-in postal money orders, the value of each averaging over £3. Again, from the United States of America there came last year postal orders from 391,862 people to their relatives in this country, and these orders amounted to £1,041,9$48; 78,340 people in Canada sent no less than £207,667; and from 35,403 people in the South African Colonies of the Cape and Natal there came a sum of £128,761in postal orders. Summed up, the figures are as follows: "The number of people in Aus tralasia, the United States, Canada, and South Africa, who sent money orders to their friends and relatives in Great Britain and Ireland last year amounted to .... 635,256 "The total amount of money sont was ... ...... £1,825,998 " The total amount per *day averaged . £5,000." Significant, indeed, are these figures, and of a sinister significance which the astute Tory Postmaster-General, who produced them, would naturally be most anxious not to recognise. There is an old saying that a pig, if you don't put a ring in his snout, may, perchance, root up a pearl even out of a dungheal. This is precisely what the Tory's satellite of Canterbury has done. How heartily the oppressors of Ireland must curse his meddlesome ness, and regret the day that they ever allowed him to bribe himself into the representation of Canterbury. How they must reproach them selves for not having put a ring in the snout of their political pig in the shape of a pledge of quiescence and silence before they allowed him to be elected member for one of their corrupt pocket-boroughs. Why, a more overwhelming indictment against the English political system, espe cially as it is being applied in Ireland to- day-a stronger proof of its utter rottenness-could not be made out by a GLADbSTONE. But the unkindest cut of all is that the blow which it deals against the Tory party comes from the puny hand of one their own paltry puppets, whom they put into Parliament as a harmless dummy. But what is the real signi. ficance of these figures; where is the harm; in what lies the fault of E'P?nxwR.n~? Tnt. na nn. It is one of the Tory party's boasts that the coercion policy in Ireland is not only pacifying that down-trodden country, and bringing prosperity to its afflicted people, but that that policy is approved by the vast majority of English-speaking people abroad. It is a part of the lying tactics of the Party of Irish Oppression in England to repre sent Australians, Americans, Cana dians, and South Africans as devotedly attached to that mythical idea r,f a "British Empire" in sustaining which English Imperialists say the Coercion of Ireland is one of the main pillars. They carry their misrepre sentations to such audacious limits as to aver that Americans, Canadians, and Australians are so brimful of loyalty to this Imperial notion that they approve of the oppression of Ireland in order that it may be realised. This, too, they urge as gospel truth, in the face of the plainust evidence to the contrary ! A more crushing blow to an impudent imposture was never yet dealt than that given by the above-quoted figures to the oft-repeated assertion that the English- speaking democracies outside England endorse and con done the oppression of the Irish People in their native land. Is it not a notorious fact that Eng land's immunity from the vengesice of the Irish race consists in her pro vidential geographical isolation? Were England territorially joined to Ireland and the United States, it would be impossible for any government to oppress the Irish people as the English Government is now doing. Bayonets and bullets would be powerless against the righteous revolt of Irish flesh and blood against so mon strous, so inhuman, so diabolical a system of tyranny as that under which Ireland groans. Happily for England, the broad ocean separates her and Ireland, her victim, and from the pent-up indignation of the millions of Irishmen, ay, and of Englishmen too, in distant parts of the world. Finding themselves unable to rescue their afflicted countrymen by physical force, Irishmen-and to their last ing honour, be it said, Anglo-Saxons have done, and are. still doing, their best to sustain the arm of Irish Patriotism, fighting for Natio nal Freedom, by moral and pe cuniary means. The proof of this lies in the above figures. Those figures contain more truth than ap pears on thA face of them. The greater portion of the money remitted, last year, and in previous years, froni America and Canada, and Aus tralia, has been sent by Irishmen and' Irishwomen to their kith and kin-to " the old folks at home "-to "their wretched, rack-rented, starving coun. trymen and countrywomen in Ireland. Though the statement reluctantly furnished by the English Post master-General to his meddlesome satellite does not show it, it would probably be found, were the fuller de. tails forthcoming, that fully four-ffths of the live thousand pounds sterling remitted daily from abroad, was sent by Irishmen and Irishwomen to Ire land for the relief of their relatives and friends. This enormous sum is not made up by the munificent con tributions of millionaires, but is mainly the result of the charitable and patriotic doles of honest, thrifty, law-abiding Irish labourers, farmers, mechanics, small tradespeople, and servant girls, who, having been driven from their native land like flocks of wild beasts, remember with sorrow and indignation those left behind in Erin's unhappy isle to suffer the hard, shamefullot from which they themselves have happily escaped. It is the Irishmen and E2~i;?' ,l'en abroad who are fighting Ireland's battle: the sinews of the war being wiged against England's tyrannical rule come from those very people whom Ireland's oppressors represent as the approvers and abettors of English tyranny. Well might Mlr. CEcIL RdAIKES affect to ignore the significance of" figures which establish such facts as these; and high time, indeed, is it for the Tory party to restrain the blundering meddlesomeness of the " booby " of their party, whose comprehension of the force of figures is so dense that he only handles them to spring a mine upon his party. Affection for ' the old folks at home" does exist in the hearts of millions of Englishmen and Irishmen for'their down-trodden kith and kin, not only in Ireland, but also in England, Scotland, and Wales. One of the first fruits of this affection, which is the natural out come of freedom, as we have it in Australia, will be the emancipation of Ireland. When Ireland ceases to block the way, the same affection will bind Englishmen and Irishmen,. in America and Australia, in the same bond of brotherhood to assist "the old folks at home " in Great Britain to shake of the shackles of that political system which is fast becom ing as burdensome to Englishmon as it is to Irishmen. The German :Empress wearsa an apron at home as a token that she attends to the children and the cook, and doesn't meddle with social and political questions, nor seek to win a place in the intellectual world. 