OUR STORY. A TRAGICAL LOVE STORY. (Continued from last issue.) Edith was surprised and coloured all ever when Ralph came to her smiling and offering her his hand. Their eyes met and they were both silent. Ralph was very pale ; Edith's hand trembled in his. Tassilo pulled his moustache and looked from one to the other enquiringly, and with a slight frown; Bertha laughed. "Well," said she, "don't you know him again, Edith ?" "I? Oh, of course," said Edith, still gazing at him. " No, indeed. I envy him !" said Bhe, . almost in a whisper. " You really would like to be a priest ?" asked Tassilo very gravely. "Something of the same kind," was the answer. At this moment their grandmother en tered ; her sharp eyes , soon took in the whole group, and rested angrily on Edith. " Excuse me, my dear," said she, *' that I cannot keep yon any longer to day—I must go on an important errand I with Bertha." I The grandmother could not prevent the young people from meeting or from j taking walks together, but she was glad to j see that on these occasions Tassilo al- i ways attached himself to Bertha and talked eagerly with her. She was pleased, also, with Ralph, for he protested that he would hold by his decision, and Edith's state of mind was so far agreeable to her i that it promised to remove her grand daughter's only rival and separate her for ever from Tassilo. The parting day came at last; Ralph took leave of his grandmother and Ber tha, who were, however, to foliow.him in a short time to be present at his ordina tion. Then he went to find Edith. "Child," said he, "yon have been the only bright and beautiful part of my life —the only thing that would have chained me to the world bad I dared to admit the idea; but the voice that summons me must be obeyed. I have no choice. Re main, my Edith, pure and holy as you are, so that I may ever dare to think of you as of a saint! My one only friend, Edith 1" She was so agitated that she could only press his hand, which she held between both her own. At last she whispered, "I rejoice for you; and I will pray for yon al ways, now, and when I am a nun! for I love you as if you were my own brother !" fie turned away quickly, and she fol lowed him down the stairs ; she smiled, but yet she was forced to lean on the balusters to keep from falling. He went on a little way and looked back at her ; there she stood shading her eyes with her band as if from the light, but really to bide from her friend the blinding tears ; still she stood there smiling, tall aud fair and slender, her hand raised over her eyes, her! long curls waving behind her. Ralph crossed the street in order to see her to the last, he stretched out his arms towards her, but bethought himself and hurried away. Edith turned wearily and went back into the room. Her mother sat spinning in her high chair at the treadle, by the window; she had been looking out, but now she did not raise her head from the fine thread that was passing thiough her fingers. Edith went to a veiy large em broidery frame, in which she was working a vestment for Ralp, and began to work, but the needle slipped from her fingers. Once or twice she furtively pressed her handkerchief to her eyes, and then looked anxiously to see whether she was ob served. But the mother spaa away dili gently. By and bye Edith's needle flew too in and out, and the two sat silently at their work for hours. The mother was a clever woman, aud gave her daughter time during which she would not expect her to leave her work. Tassilo, too, from good feeling, and fearing to show himself too soon, kept out of her sight; aud Ber tha, quite triumphant in the possession of ber lover, was far from displeased at the prospect of not seeing Edith for some i days. She would gladly have permitted her grandmother to go alone to see: Ralph's ordination, but she remembered that if she stayed at home she would not be able to receive Tassilo quite alone, since he had not as yet declared his inten tions. \- Once she went to see Edith, pinched \- her cheek, saying she looked very pale, and hurried gladly away. • Ralph Bnelt in his cell and cried to Heaven for strength to fight the devil* within him. Sometimes it seemed as if a fever con sumed him; sometimes his teeth chat tered with cold. "Moneofour young people take so seriously," paid the good fathers. They allowed him to remain in the church as long as he liked; their psal mody had seemed to him ravishing and Composing ; but now above the hymns of the monks, he seemed always to hear the silver tones of Edith's sweet voice. But at tut he became master of himself; once more he was filled with an ardent love of his vo cation ; once more he felt that he had been called to it by the mercy of God. It seemed to him as if he had been dead and buried, and now hovered as a de parted spirit far above the earth, its joys and sorrows. His count3nance appeared illuminated by the spirit within, and the past conflict, instead of seeming to him a terrible sin, he now felt to have been a. witness and sign of the sacrifice he had \- made for God. Bertha went to take leave of Edith, and tell her the day and hour when Ralph's ordination was to take place. " How happy he will be 1" said Edith, answering with a sweet smile tho ques tioning eyes of her friend. "Hoes it not make you unhappy?" asked Bertha. j " Me 1 I should not love him if that made me unhappy." ' Bertha repeated this to Tasailo, and added: " That Is not my idea of love!" " Indeed," said Tassilo, " but it is a dif ferent kind of love." "Different, from what ?" "From most love." " Fair people are always cold-hearted." " Ah 1 you think ao ?" "Yes, I say so," said Bertha sharply, looking him straight in the face. " Perhaps dark people are too warm t" " Perhaps fire seems to ice too hot," said she, going off. When the moment of the ordination came, Edith knelt in the cathedral, and before she could prevent it, first one tear fell upon her Prayer-book, and then an other and another, till a flood of tears streamed from her eyes, and the more beautiful the singing the more she cried. When Bhe found that mass was over, and that she was left alone, she got up and looked towards the altar, on which the lights were extinguished ; then she heard a movement close by, and when she turned round she saw Tassilo, leaning against a pillar with folded aims, looking i at her. i ' Oh, there is nothing the matter," i said she in a whisper, reaching out her! hands to him, blushing and smiling. | " I am so glad for him 3 He is now a holy man, -and will spend his life in doing good. Surely he 'must be glad and thank ful, as he haB never been before. I only wept for joy." 411 felt tbat these tears were holy tears of joy, Edith, believe me!" said Tassilo. " He was always good, and he had no j faults and weaknesses like other men. I never saw him do the least wrong, and wherever he was it seemed that all about him was transformed. He never teased me like other tiresome boys, but alwayB protected me. Oh 3 you cannot think how good he was 1" _ Edith's mother came to look for her and Tassilo went home with them. It was some time before Edith had courage to enquire whether Bertha had returned. At last she determined to do so, and just as she entered the house she heard quick footsteps, and found that Bertha had followed her. " How pale you are, Edith!" cried Berths. "It is a pity you did not go with us. It would have delighted you to see all the ceremonies. It was frightful enough to me." " Frightful ?" exclaimed Edith, looking sadly at her friend. " If yon only had seen him ! He was so pale—as pale as St.: Sebastian at the stake in the picture in the cathedral. He must hare undergone some frightful dis cipline. The holy father said, too, that' he would obtain priests' ordination all the Booner because he had done so well from the beginning." Edith looked at Tassilo. " But he looked quite happy?" she asked with a, sigh. "Oh, yes 1 As happy as St. Stephen when he was stonned and saw. heaven [ opened and the angels playing on their harps." " And there were plenty of flowers on the altar ?" ; " Yes, I believe so; but Ralph was dressed all in white, as if he had a wind ing-sheet on, with a rope round his waist and a white cloth on his head. In his left hand he held a taper, the light from which fell on his face, and* he looked quite like a ghost Then," continued Bertha, " the bishop began to speak, and told him he must earnestly try and prove himself to know whether he had strength to bear this heavy burden—he was still free to choose—but from that moment he muBt be dead to the world, and belong to God alone ; if he felt this strength in him he i was to step forward." Bertha stopped and looked meaningly at Edith. " Ana then ?" said Edith. " And then he looked up to Heaven : and stepped forward. Then he fell down 1 flat on his face as if he were dead, and 1 remained lying there, and the bishop and I all the priests and the congregation knelt down, and It was so quiet in the church that the people heard me crying. Then the bishop made the sign of a cross over him, and told the congregation to pray for him who was sacrificing himself for the glory of God. Then Ralph got up slowly, and took the cup and knelt down again before the bishop, who put his hand on his head and said tbat by the power of the Holy Spirit he should now over come the devil and all his temptation. It was so beautiful, Edith, you may believe, and after this he was quite strange to us, as if he did not belong to us any more! Why do you cry so, Edith ?" "I? Indeed I am not crying J" "What is this then?" said Bertha pointing to the drops on her dress. Ralph was in the town, Edith knew ; he lived with an aged priest and sought eagerly to make himself useful and to prepare himself for the time when he could receive full ordination. He care fully avoided meeting Edith, and when he once did so he bowed and passed on has tily. This grieved Edith terribly ; she had not thought it would be needful for him to be so entirely a stranger to her, and had expected day after day to see him, and as every evening came without her having seen him, her little white pillow was wet with scald ing tears. The world seemed to her sll at once so cold and empty, as if all life had been extinguished, and she began again to beg her mother to let her go into a nunnery. But her mother told her she was a cruel daughter; did she think to please God, by going away and leaving "her poor old mother quite alone ? She was all the less likely to give way to this desire when she saw that Tassilo was more and more attracted to Edith, and came very often to the house. A few days before Ralph'e ordination, Edith's mother said to her: " Child, you can make me very happy, very happy, in deed, and yourself, too, I hope." " Indeed, mother," she answered, looking up with sad and weary eyes. "If you were to become a rich and ho noured wife, our difficulties would be re moved, and I might look forward to a happy old age, with grandchildren about my aide." Edith fell on her knees by her mother's side, and covered her face with her hands. " Oh, mother! mother ! can I make no other sacrifice for you ? Oh, mother, spare me this, I entreat you !" " Bnt you will have an excellent hus band, who loves yon dearly." ! " But I have no love for him 1 indeed I am not fit to be married 1 Oh, mother, how can I make anyone happy V "That is his affair; he thinks that he will be happy enough, if he has the good fortune to gain you for his wife." "But I am afraid." The poor girl wrung her hands, and said through her tears : j "I have all my life longed for the happy, peaceful life of a convent, and j lately more than ever, dear mother, more than ever!" "Young girls cannot know what is good for them." " Ah 1 if you knew how sinful I am.' " Then, perhaps, I should say you were not fit to be the bride of Heaven." Edith sobbed out: " I have always been an obedient .daughter, but this once yon cannot ex pect me to be obedient." " Do not be foolish, Edith ; I only de sire you to allow me to care for your hap piness, and you make yourself as miser able about it as if it were your death warrant." Edith wished to say something, but her mother motioned her away and she bad to go. (To be continued in our next issue.) 