Queen's Birthday. Notwithstanding the multiplicity of holi days in the first half of the year, that in honor of Her Majesty's birth anniversary was kept a pretty close one, and although cold weather, tempered with rain, had set in the numerous attractions for holiday makers received some support, and private picnic parties were even to be seen in numbers. The main attraction for Balmain residents, however, was the FRIENDLY SOCIETIES' DEMONSTRA TION. The bright weather which had prevailed for the previous week, broke up on Thurs day night, and Friday morning was de cidedly cold, although ' Old Sol' tried to penetrate at intervals his rays through the watery vapour. Tho deep interest taken in this annual gathering on behalf of the local dispensary was sufficient, however, to insure attention, and a decidedly credit- able muster of society men formed into procession in Darling-street, opposite the Town Hall, yesterday morning at 9 o'clock, and although there were not quite so many orders represented, the PROCESSION was certainly attractive. The President of tho Dispensary, Mr. Thomas Davidson, headed the march, on account of his dual position of marshal and president, and he was followed by the Coldstream Band. The Harmon Lodge, I.O.O.F. Hibernian Society. Court Foresters' Home, A.O.F. Alliance Band. Ancient Order of Druids, Royal Oak Lodge. Court Evening Star, I.O.F, Sons of Temperance. Rechabites. Juvenile Rechabites. Pride of the West, M.U.O.O.F. Balmain Lodge, G.U.O.O.F. Ivy Lodge, Free Gardeners. As we inferred before the display was a creditable one, and as it walked along Darling, Beattie, Mullens, Reynolds, and Evans streets to Weston-road across the Iron Cove Bridge, through a portion of Birkenhead to the grounds, hundreds of people assembled in the streets to witness the pageantry. Among the attractions, outside the ordinary regalia of the lodges, were the banners of the Hibernians, Court Foresters' Homeland the Sons of Temperance. The Ancient Druids, as per usual, came out in their ghost-like attire, looking decidedly chilly, considering the state of the atmosphere. Following their lorry were the Guardian (Bro. Gibson) and a young branch of the oak, in the form of a juvenile both on horseback. The Ivy Lodgo also lookod attractive by reason of the pretty flowers, etc., which members carried. Once on the ground, Birkenhead Park, the various amusements were prepared for in earnest, but the principal magnet was the sports, which comprised no loss than nine- teen events (including the final races.) The weather up to this had appearance of clearing up, and the spirits of committee men rose, but only to be again downcast by the steady showers whioh followed. The sports programme was, however, carried out in, its entirety, the indefatigable sports secrotary, Mr. S. Bonsall, ignoring the aqua pu.ra in a way which gave encourago ment to others. The excellont preparation for tho eportsand tho very numerous ontries would most certainly have made tho gather ing the most successful yetheld had Jupiter Pluvius been more considerate. As it was, the interest manifested in each event by both pods and onlookers was astonishing considering tho showers, The racing vraa also good and everything appeared to be carried out very smoothly. Messrs. Hayos and J, H. Read officiated as starters ; Messrs. W. M. Burns and Broomhead as judges, and Mr. C. Freeman as refereo. Besides the sports, thero wore a couplo of very decent sido-shows, and a merrygo round for dbo youngsters, besides a number of refreshment-booths. The j uveniles wero also treated to a kind of art union for a splendid selection of toys, tickets, having boon given to them as they passed through tho gates. This was thought tho best -way to distributo tho gift of Mossrs. Anthony Hordern and Sons, and we certainly think it gave more satisfaction than previous ar rangements. During the morning a good many per sons arrived on the ground, but soon after dinner-time a continuous stream could bo seen wending their way homeward, Each grutliy grumbling, as'he eyes His soaked and sullen brothers ; If these are picnic pleasantries, Preserve me from such others; feel sure, however, that one and all would regret that the demonstration of 1889 had been ao unsuccessful as regards the ?weather, and that as a financial aspcct, it is also likely to prove a failure. Below wo give a resume of tho races. Youths Race, under 16 (handicap). 120 yards. First prize, cup (presented by Mr. J. H. Wise) ; second; inkstand; third, book — 'Brave British Soldiers and the Victoria Cross.' There were no less than 24 entries for this event, which was run in five divisions, but several of the runners failed to turn up. The first division was won by W. Cranney, the second by W. Hegan, the third by J. Turner, the fourth by C. Hall, the fifth by H. W. Foot. All of the foregoing faced the starter for the final an hour later, the result being as under after a close race :- C. Hall (16yds.) ... 1 W. Cranney (8yds.) ... ... 2 W. Hegan (7yds.) 3 Maiden Race, 100 yards. Open to all comers. First prize, '? The Age We Live In,' in eight vols, (presented by Mr. S. Bonsall, I.O.R.) Second, Morocco Album (presented by Messrs. Turner and Henderson.) Somo twenty-three runners entered for this event and also caused five divisions to be run. J. Che« son was victorious in the fir,t ; T. C. Thomson the second , A Gardner the third ; M. Mul lens the fourth, easily. The fifth division fell through, no starters putting in an appearance. In the final run off only three of the abovo competed, but the contest proved an exceed ingly interesting one. The finish being — J. Chesson ? l M. Mullens ? 2 A. Gardner ? ... ... 3 Balmain U.F. Societies Mebibehs' Han dicap Race, 100 yards ; over 30 and under 45 years. First prize, Silver Automatic Watch (presented by Mr. A. Hancock, J.P., G.U.O.O.F. Second, Album (presented by Mr. T. Hooper.) Third, Set of Gold Studs (presented : by Mr. W, Seoles.) Nineteen covetous middle-aged men sought the abovo prizes by entering, aud fifteen of them faced wind and weather. E. J. Foster won the first round j W. Warren the second ; Ashby tho third ; and Mills the fourth ; the final resulting in W. Mills (('.yds) ? »? 1 E. ,T. Foster (10yds) J, Ashby (2yds) ... ... ??? , All-Comers' Sheffield Handicap, 12 o, yards. First irize, £10 ; second, £.1 10s ; third, £1; fourth, 10s. This was tho lead ing event of the sports, for which over 40 entries had been received, and some 27 accepted, causing six divisions, lho result of the heats brought J. Chesson, M. Brennan, G. Stiff, G. Holmes, II. Duncan, M. Hallinrin ,as winners, The second caused the final to bo reduced to M. Brennan, G« Stiil, II. Dnnnnii nnd ,T. Ohesson. tho two former having taken first places in tho second heats. Tho final event of this interesting coutest was watched kconly by all present. It proved a -j1obo battle. Brennan gained slightly after tho start and kept the same distance to tho finish, tlio other three beins closo together, Tho runners wore placcd as follows ; _ M. Brennan (12yds) ... ??? . 1 H. Duncan (0yds) ? - J. Ohesson (12yds) ... ... » G, Stiff C'ljyde)^ ? ? 1 Youths' Race, under 14 (handicap), 100 yards. For sons of members of tho (J.p.S First prize, Writing Desk (presented by J. Millor and ^o,,) Second, ' Our Boys' An nual, llurd, Cricket Bat, Ninl.eeen young sters entered ;for t his contest. J. Lube won the first division ; A. Turnbuil i 1m second ; J. Spenco tho third : nnd A. Hope tho fourth. In tho final run-off, Lube was vietor in a hot race. J, Lubo (10yds) ... ... ... 1 A. Hope (8yds) ? ? ... 2 A. Turnbuil (8yds; ... ... !3 After an hour had been passed over for lunch, and to give a chance of wringing one's clothes, the next race called was BA.LMA1N U.F. SOOIHTIIM J-lEMBERS' HAN DICAP Race. — Open to nil members of lodges affiliated with the U.F.S. Dispensary, under i50 years; 1 25 yards. First prize, Clock (pre sented by Messrs. Ohidgey Bros. Second, Rubv Biscuit Barrel (presented by Mr, T. J. Gibson.) Third, Pair Extension Skates (presented by Mr. A'exander Smith, Eighteen started for this raue. and the result of the heats put Som merville, Holmes, HenriUson, and Earley in the final, which, on being run off, placed tho winners as under : — A. W. Sommervillo (l tyds) ... 1 G. Barley (Myds) ? 2 G . Holmes (2yds) ? f) Girls' Race, under 16 years, 75 yards Daughters of members of the U.F.S. First prize, valuo £1 Is (presented by Mr. J. Murray.) Second, Sot of Teaspoons and Sugar.TongR (presented by Mr. W. F. Skelton, Third, Workbox. Fourteon little girls en tered for this event, and all but ono faced the- starter. Miss M. Duncan won the first division, Miss A Smith the next, 'Miss P. Cross the third, nnd Miss E. McGregor tho fourth. The run off placed, A. Smith (10yds) ? 1 M. Duncan (l(iyds) ? 2 E. McGregor (0yds) ? 3 Old Buffers Race (hnndieap). 100 yards Members over 45 years. First prize, set of napkin rings (presented by Mr. T. J. Higgin); second, Lamp (presented by Mossrs. Fclton and Nock) ; third, Trophy (presented by Mr. P. II. Sullivan). Seven of those entered but only five faced tho starter, and one of them (Turner) failed to travel when the starter's Hag fell through a dog coming on his track. The result of the contest was : — T, King (12yds) ? 1 D, Morgan (10yds) ? 2 J. S. Nutt (6yds) ? it O. Smith (0yds) ... * 0 Sack Race, 75 yards. There wero only two competitors fortius event, Messrs. Jones and Brennan. and consequently no second prize was awarded. Brennan won tho race easily. Tug-of-Wab. — Four tenms competed— Hi- bernian Society v. Druids. The former won. Harmon Lodgo (I.O.O.F.), v. Court Foresteri Home (A.O.F.) The Harmons won. In the pull-off tho Harmon Lodge defeated tho Hiber nians, nnd claimod the case of assorted spirits, the Irishmen having to bo content with ale and porter, the Second prize. At four o'clock tho drawing for tlio art union prizes caused sufficient excitement to make peoplo forgot the elements for a quarter of an hour, His Worship, the Mayor of Bal main, presided over tho drawing, being ably assisted by Mr. Secretary Fitzpatricb. We learn that the first prize, a piano, fell to the lot of a servant in the employ of Captain McKinlay , the number being 5528. 