From the LITEMEY SfjO ialaund to TettLan. By Charles B. Corning, fl-udon and" Paisley : Alexandra. Gardner^) AalestnJ to "Tetuan is an accojint'of ja'-JJuropcan toor maiie bv an American gratlcman Vbo — „ tin a hurir. He knew howtb^dnft, ,-SSEO happily M^ter of circumstances as leal.leto follow liis impulsewbilhSsfeM „,i4t lead him. The boot opens with (Ifpirture from England for Franco—rid the Clannel Islands, a route which lie earnestly recommends to his countrymen,' adding regretfully: " Bnt t^cy ' lron ' t te1<e it-" Sweden juJ J'orway, Germany and Russia, Italy and fpjin arc visited in turn. During bis stay in Sjoin this flaneur ai vyagc is tempted to run a;mss to the African Coast and have a look at Tctoan, and is amply rewarded for the effort \"eii after Aalcsund, • Tetuan seems to , have midc the most lively impression npon his imagination. The charms of this Moorish stronghold were, perhaps, enhanced by the difficulties of gaining access to it. TETUAN BR KIGIIT. We came across camel trains and men on foot, and an hoar before we reached oiir destination a brace of sturdy soldiers joined our IirfJe party and kept with ns to the end. In the fast gathering.night-shades the indistinct evidences of wayside huts indicated the nearness of Tetuan. The flickering lights and ocessiocal voices were sights and sounds most grattful, for we were fatigued to the bone, and hailed -with delight the stone bridge across a slnggisb stream, for it brought us beneath the formidable whitewashed battlements of Tetuan. It 'was nine o'clock, and the gates had been closed since sundown; but we all set up a niigbty shouting supplemented by vigorous poundings, a real international concert, in which many strange tongnes commingled, but it ac- complished its purpose and brought a solitary tiUioaette to the parapets, who with the solemnity of an official ghost, demanded what ve wanted. This uncalled for question must l« prescribed in the (governmental rubric, for onr appearancc ought suxely to have done away with any such interrogatory. After parley, in which mention of reward -was frequently heard, the silhouette vanished, and in' due time, according to Moorish etiquette, two hours or so later, returned with a permit from the commandant to enter. Even at midnipht it was highly ludicrous to watch that lloorish functionary as he stood in the exasperating flicker of a lantern, and did his best to note our names tftfm/t tffem^btm.; «t]Bu. Kg car-rings moved tnepjianirally as Jhe\tried to citeh the strange phonetics, hut hefetuck to his task most faithfullfiatidlifter, satisfjlng himself that he had SMufed"our 'patronymics,' we passed down the narrow inner walks, a -weird hand, I'm bound, ^and^-then • th ro ogh another, creaking gate out uit&'Hwjgre^ sihmt-mliitetrplace, heiiinied. in bjjgjcqlid flocks', oif square white houses will nni^tnre':casements]likc'.£o many black eyes peeringknit -upon tho night. I do not remember meeting a living soul in that midnicht transit of Tetuan. Dogs barked as fl. matter of course; but tho -prowling rounder lor the drowsy watchman did not comb upon 4h"e 6cene." In daylight the scene changed and the deserted streets became thronged with a* motley and picturesque crowd. . J ' TBTCAK SR>DAI\ "The rabble is even more kaleidoscopic than at Tangiers, and all kinds and conditions of men are met on the streets, the . most abject and miserable enquires imaginable. Diseasestricken beggars stretch forth their palsied palms for money, but nobody tikes notice of them. Then there, came along the prosperous merchant, the .'loudmouthed hawkers of small wire, the fruitr-vendors, the donkey boys "with shrill jiipinss, and the. sharp-eyed Jew' with hands behind his back. Then come the Tetuan women, with straw hats as large as cart wheels and faces hidden behind • folds -of linen,' their eyes peering out and half smiling at Christian curiosity and -modern. -trousers. > Slaves with lure backs tugging at their "work'; soldiers, counterparts of bur men-at-arms, - with long beanpole fciuns slung over their shoulders; hunters, with baskets of rabbits and partridges; .and nuay other comical and interesting figures of humanity, play their parts in the panorama of the African Orient. "Out in the spacious market-place were crowds of people seemingly doing nothing but existing, and yet many hidden currents coursed beneath that moving sea of tnrbaus and fezzes. The Moors appear stupid and meek, but they wear a mask, and behind it they keep up a tolerable thinking. Artisans ply their trades in dingy holes and cellars, and the traders sit cross-legged in their cuddy-houses, wearing on their swarthy faces an expression of utter unconcern—and yet, fust begin trading with one, and in a moment you will be surrounded with a vocilerous chamber of commerce, and then you will understand how much there is behind the Moorish mask." Kot content with the jcanonipal sail up-the Norwegian fiords, this untiring traveller purchases a horse and trap'and devotes himself to an exploration of the interior. .Occasionally he has toput up with very primitive accommodation. A KORWEGIAH BED-EOOM. '• While the Norwegians are sturdy of stature, tirar hods are amusingly dwarfed and strangely made up. A novice may expect at anyjnoment, to £nd himself in a lump, painfully eontorted- 2id aching in every joint, with -the bed-clothes ra the floor. It is a complete collapse."-'JL' pmtrauon of travellers had complainedpf .'&ls;" uH&a;] v in housekeeping, nntil the guidebooks cune to the rescue and told how to make ^me's led. Those to the manner torn -put irriVedge tinder the pillow, bat we^are instructed^' re-' move the same, and then tuck in the clothes "S'tlyall Ttmnd, a-process which,-after-a few tnals. becomes efficacious in carrying the sleeper K&'ly through the night. Another peculiarity consists in hanging the looking-glass so high— 'ssrin-' 7 it, in fact, as if it were a doubtful pawling—and compelling the matutinal razor to perform blood-curdling evolutions. Whenever 1 mentioned these indigenous things, the good people of the honse manifested great surprise but t pity, and left me to undertake any reform I ueemed proper." As a rule, the writer contents himself with n c what be sees, making little or no pret ncc- to historical, antiquarian, or topographical ™»'K-Jge beyond the local lore that is current com among tourists. Being an American he naturally knocks a gobd deal of fun out of his tnropsan experiences. The drollery is mostly m t!ie incidents, not in the relation. -J«l„; U Sunbeams; - or, Bite'of Travd g j! TO y '/ of Vie Norseman.: By Edwin ,'" J - e Kimball. {London and Paisley: Alexander (,ardner.)_" MidnightSunbeams"isalso J W01 ; k of an American tourist. It is askctcb o- a journey through Sweden, Norway, and JJenmarfc. The sail from Trondbjeim to the . 1 ^pe is not all poetn-, however, and a 'lut to a whale-oil factory affords material for realistic description in tho sphere of the loathwmie. The salmon diet, supposed to be one of J Je attractions of the fiord trip, seems to have rather overdone on the North Cape steamer, K " : "J Uulfdcuu - % * ,"» ALWAYS HALMON. ^ :'.;. "Almost the first word the tourist will learn in \- >0 rt n> ' a J is Lax (salmon), for ho is absolutely eertain to see it upon the ..table, every day during ? «»>• in the counby: During our steamer tnp «e Were served with salmon three'times daily : it came npon the table, boiled, fried, broiled and-.smoked; we,,-were wared with salmon salad, salmon jelly, and salmon pudding. 'The pudding ^lettiathefd'auvre of the Nor- J'-egian cook's art. € e : ftOi V first separated Jrom the bones, cut into small pieces, and after AnH being Am.. chopped"fiiiriE 3 -.• rnixa'with . SST milk," and flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, and ' boiled in a mould. It is generally made from salmon and cod or hallibut arranged in layers, muld 'f api>ears npon ^ t? b,e loolts a consistency is somewhat firmer thaxTriit' and ns we ate it for the first time at dinner, sen-ed after the soup, we were full of wondering, and questioning as to what it could be.' A'" forms a palataU^^sh weU .npon its second appeaiiiice at supper cut into slices »nd ; fried.' -' • ; rS" T'Ihe smoked salmon is uncooked, and is cored apd ^prepared much like smoked halibut. It' always graces the treakfastTable.* ana">weTjecameqnitefondof-it, although- manydislikeit esceedingly. • • • ' "Notwithstanding the fact that the Norwegian. port^ wi^theyladteehtaken water, yet after sitting down to thirty- three always one of theconsBtnents, theconstifeents,"we must confess- Uiat though we started npon the voyage with a glorious sight of the S' foiir-rien^Saii glacier in f" Snd ice % - •space of fcixty-tfe fipare^ es, spread out JUpon a i&lean; ijthoulm^ feet high, fro: HSfeff^de sBiwy peais-Wrom this plateau acsc&d;'seveialjpaciers betveefc the mountains, and we now viewed the one which descends the neal&t; to the sea. -The bright aftenioon sun" shone upon this grand glacier, which for, ages has been'moving slowly downward, nntil jtfi glittering mass of snow and. ice extends almost to the blue water. Nothing could be more •beautiful than this pure-white congealed stream^ as we view its course, flowing, from; the great ice-fields above, amid its dark framing of barren rock, tdojro to the green dopesat the base of the nmu^i * t j "T f? \ ; . " We' lanSed in tanallfbaat^upon th6 iro^y shore and started to walk to the glacier,' but the distance, which from the steamer Eeemed but a few rods, lengthened into over -a "mile. Alter two days of confinement upon the steamer it was a great pleasure to walk along the rocky shore, Fathering shells, sea- moss, and new and strange flowers blooming upon grassy slopes just beyond the rocks. At last we stood at the base'.ot the glacier, which towered above us more than thirty feet; great pieces of ice had -been broken off and stood detached in pools of water, or were piled against each other; as far as we'could see, the surface of the'glacUr was of-pure white; in great contrast with the Swiss glaciers,' so soiled and dirty from piles of stones and great mqraincs. As we looked down the' deep crevasses penetrating into the recesses of'the glacicr, we found that the ice was. a beautiful dark .blue, rivalling in tint the' bluest of skies. 'We climbed up the glacier a short distance, hut found it-too difficult ;and dangerous an -under- taking,. and were content to walk along its margin,' lost in wonder before this great crystal storehoase. >eauty and grandeur the Svartisen glacier far exc cds Anything, we had- seen in Switzerven the •finc ^laeiers about Pontresina, land; Zermati,' Chamonix, Giindelw^ld, and those that sweep iround the"l)ase *of "^he ^ggishorn, are surpassed by this pure-white glacier in the far Kortiv - We^-ere the-ftcam^r aftcr.nwo Jionrs -npan larid, and. as jwe sailed away ' ; we watched nntil ' the iast m&nebt; the woodecfid StpxfzseOj *rliich was cne of tlie most beautiful sights oTiLeSrbole trip?' " is favoured excun ingJ^x^porlSie'^t) 8 mid^ight-^Eun* from iritUidd fiiimiS 