The Man in The Mask; Or., A Desperate Stratagem. TOLD DY Ao Ex DeTECTIVE. During four months "The Man in the Mask" was a celebrity in Wincliff and around the place for several-miles. He was also a mystery. His existencecould notbe doubted even by those who had not seen him, because the stories told cf his occasional appearances were so clear and'circomsetantial as to be ab solutely convincing. Those who had seen him remembered the meeting with pain. His interviews with the few persons he had chosen to favor with his attention were usually short, sharp and alarmingly earnest. He demanded all the money, the watch, and any other articles of value which the person whom he confronted chanced to have in hit possession, and the demand was followed by surrender. The terrible alternative was in timated by the barrel of a revolver firmly held, and presented full in the face of the person whose goods were required. The men who had met "The Man in the Mask," and continued their way much poorer inconsequence, could not describe him. His face was completely covered by a dark grey mask. They could only see he was a big fellow, with a hunch on his back, mounted on a powerful horse, and that his voice was deep and gruff. The people in Wincliff did not know any man who answered to that im perfect description. His appearance had not been made at any place more than five miles distant from Wincliff, yet to everybody in and around the place the daring robber was a mystery. In no instance had the mysterious Man in the Mask found it necessary to inflict bodily injury in order to secure the booty he sought. But the fact that he was a robber who re vived the practices of the highwayman of old was sufficiently dirquieting. It might be some chivalrous sentiment that led him to spare the persons and the pockets of men whose all was but a little. He appeared only to those who were reputed rich, and extorted from fear the gold he could not gain by more lawful and honest means. He was, there fore, very naturally set down in the minds of all law-respecting persons as a miscreant whose suppression became an imperative duty. The performance of the duty devolved on me, and I set myself resolutely to the task of penetrating the mystery that shrouded the Man in the Mask. One evening in February a gentleman named i'elham was driving towards Win cliff. His vehicle was a light gig, in which he frequently travelled long distances, and displayed all the good points of the horse that happened to be under his control. A hobby cf his youth, which did not appear to lose any of its strength though his age was in the fifties, was to drive a good horse, and his ample means enabled him to indulge that expensive taste in all seasons. Mr. Welham was driving towards Wincliff, intendng to patronise its well known hostelry, the Roebuck Inn, for the night, and to drive over the twenty-two miles of road that lay between Wincllff and London on thefollow ing morning. The night had fallen suddenly. The sky was clouded, and the horse was pursuing his way at a moderate pace when less than five miles from the intended bhaling-place. The traveller was anticipating the light, warmth, and animal comfort for man and beast that were to be found at the inn, when an event occurred that gave a very different tone and character to his thoughts. Mr. Welham was approaching a point where a wide, grassy lane opened on the high road. When near that point, a mounted man suddenly emerged from the lane and reined up his horse in the centre of the road as ifto bar his progress. Mr. Welham peered into the rider's face as he approached him. It would be more exast to say he looked inquir ingly at that portion of the man between breast and hat, but failed to discover a face. " Stop I" was shouted in a muffled voice. The stranger's arm was extended, and a shining revolver was plainly seen firmly grasped in his hand, the muzzle of which looked like a round, dull, black eye, staring menacsingly into Mr. Welham's face. In an instant the gentleman realised that he was in the presence of the redoubtable Man in the Mask. "Why should I stop? Who are you to give such an order ?' exclaimed Mr. Welham, at the same time, however, pulling up his horse as its head nearly touched that of the animal on which the masked man was mounted. "Stop to save your life, if you think it worth saving.. If your horse moves a yard I'll stop him with a bullet, and then have more ready for you. Try me, If you like. You see, I hold your life in my hands; but I don't want your life if I can get your money without it. Isam desperate, and I can't waste time. Do what I ask, and you may go on without any hurt; refuse, and the next in stant you will be a dead man, and I will take what I want." It was a deep, hoarse, but terribly earnest volee that came from behind the mask. The worde.were not spoken in a way that gave any hint of agitation or passion. The voice was probably disguised, but it was so evenly emitted that the hearer could not doubt the speaker meant to do all he said-even to murder-rather than permit his victim to evadeor frustrate him, "t What do you want 2" Mr. Welham said, recognising the necessity for coming to terms with his assailant. "Money. and everything I may turn into money. Quick I Your purse, your watch, your jewels. Lay them in my hand-all. Drop thereins. If you attempt to escape or to resist you will force me to murder. Qoick I -and beware I" The Man in the Mask walked his horse to the side of the gig, keeping Mr. Welbam co. vered with the revolver until the muzzle of the weapon nearly touched his ear. The gentleman instantly dreided that he meust submit to the robbery as the least of two evils between which he was compelled to choose. The property demanded was placed in the robber's left hand. He transferred it to a pocket in the side of the long dark cloak he wore, which completely covered him from the ears to the knee, "You have robbed me of everything," Mr. Welbam said, hoping the Man in the Mask would accept that intimation that his busi ness was completed and permit the victim to pursue his way. "Not yet. You have a book, or case, that may be filled with valuable papers." "Only a few letters and papers relating to business." "I want-none of them. But bring out yor book and open every scrap of the paper before me. Do not try to .cheat. me, mind." "Cheat! ' repeated Mr. WClham, partiOn larlyemphasieing theword. He produced his pocketbook, however, and proceeded to open each paler it con. tained, so that the robber, in the light afforded by the gig.lamp, could discover its character. From an inner pocket of the book the masked man directed him to draw folded papers, which proved to be three ten pound notes. It is hardly necessary to add that the robber immediately canused them to be placed in his hand. He directed Mr. Welham to secure his other papers. When that was done he forced him to turn his horse and drive back along the road he had traversed. When he had driven about a mile, he might return; but if he attempted to follow the Mask, the consequences would be fatal. Half an hour after his unpleasant adven ture on the road, Mr. Welham arrived at the Roebuck, in Winoliff. His first care was for his horse, which was decidedly weary after an unusually long day's journey. When hb had seen the animal conveyed to the stable, he entered the inn, was supplied with a draught of br,.ndy and water, and asked the nearest way to the police station. " The police station, air I I hope none of the men about our place have been uncivil? Mr. Hilyard would deal with any incivility pretty sharply, if there's a complaint to be made about any one in the Roebuck," said a man, who appeared to be the actual manager of the establiehment,and eecond in authority to Mr. Hilyard only, who was the landlord of the inn. "No, no; I've nothing to say against any body at the inn; but I have business at the station. Is Mr. Hilyard at home ?" "lYee, sir. He was here a few minutes ago. Shall I ring for him 2" "Do, please." The manager summoned Mr. Ililyard, who made his appearance after a few seconds. His crisp, fair hair, open countenance, and generally well-fed appearanlce, told of good health, good living, and good spirits, and conveyed a decidedly pleasing impree efon. "I want a word with you, landlord," said Mr. Welbam, "At your eervice, sir. Will you step in here ?" said the obliging Boniface, opening a door of stained glass, which admitted to a little room that was used as an oflice, and was also the "governor's" private room downstairs. Mr. Welham stepped in, and immediately told Mr. Hilyard of his encounter with the Man in the Masek. The landlord was sorry and indignant at the same time. "I've tried all I can to find out the fellow, and I believe the detective ofice in London is looking after him, but it doesn't seem to be a bit of use. He comes and he goes like a ghost. He's robbed six or seven gentlemen in a few months, but nobody seems able to guess where he comes from, nor where he goes to. He's a. real puzzle, sir.' " Well, he has a hundred pounds of mine in money and goods just now. I thought it best to tell you, because you may put other gentlemen on their guard. 1 must give information at the police oflioe. Where is it ?" "Only a few minutes' walk. I'll send a man to show you." " Yes; I've lost too much time already." The landlord opened his door and spoke to his manager. "Call Brown at once. The Mask is out to-night, it seems. This gentleman was robbed a few miles from hero, and wants to lodge information. Brown must go with him to the station." Brown was soon in attendance. The rob bery was reported in the station, the stolen property described, and once more the local authorities were roused to exert their powers for the capturo of the Man in the MaEk. It happened that the discovery of the rob ber, who committed his depredations in a style so much like that of highwayen of the Dick Turpin era, was nearer than even the gentleman who had suffered could have hoped. A couple of hours after Mr. Welbam's return from the police station he was in the smoke-room of the inn, when the manager approached him. " Mr. Hilyard wishes to speak to you, if you can spare a mirute," he said. " I clan spare ten minutes if Mr. IHilyard has anything particular to say." "He will see you in his private room, if you please. He says the matter is import ant." Mr. Welham went to the little room be. fore described, and was much struck by the serious expression of the landlord's face. "You will forgive me, I'm sure, when you know why I disturbed you. A man from the station has been here. He tells me some money has been stolen, and that the sov. ereigns have a peculiar mark. If any sov ereigns with that mark comes into my hands I am to ask the person who offers it where he got it, so that it may be traced back to the thief. Was there a mark of any kind on the gold you have lost ?" " Yc ; there were six sovereigns in my puree, and a emall ou, with a fine line before and after it, were scratched under the head of each," Mr. Welham replied. "That is the mark the policeman de scribed. I sco now it was your money he meant. But a thing that troubles me more than I can tell is that I gave a sovereign in change, with just such a mark, not more than a quarter of an hour before I heard of " That is astonishing I Are you sure the mark was exactly like mine 1" "Yes. I cannot be quite positive about the lines, but I remember the to distinctly, and I believe there was alittleseratch before and after the letter, just as if they were intended to shut it in, like." "Precisely." "I noticed it when my man gave it to me. I had sent him out in the afternoon to col lect a few small accounts, and he didn't come back until after you arrived. Then he was drunk. lie had got only one pound seven from one of my contomers, and when hopaid it in I sent him olff to bed. That marked sovereign was the one he paid me, and I looked at it closely at the time. I must get rid of him," \- "Imust see him at once, sir. As your man gave you one sovereign bearing my mark he may have more. He may be the mashed robber himself, or he most know where he can be found. I insist on the man's being questioned and searched 1" Mr. Welham exclaimed, excitedly. "Ia is only natural that you should, sir, and I am willing to aid you in every way. But, you see, it would be little less than ruin to me if a seuspicion got out that a highway robber was one of my servants, and elept in this house. We must be able to prove it. Then I shall help you to punish him, and that will remove all suspicion from the house." "But while we are talking here the man may escape. For Heaven's sake drop words and come to action2" Mr, Welbam ex elaimed, "He was too far gone in liquor to make any attempt to escape before some time in the morning. I will send a line to the eta. tion asking for two men to be sent here directly, or you may send the note. When the men are here, we will go to his room and v. a en him. Perhaps the eight of policemen will help es to get the real troth from him," said the landlord. " Very likely. But there is no time to be lost. Give me paper, and I will write." The paper was laid on the table, and Mr. Welham wrote a few words requesting the presence of responsible ofIicere at the Roe buck Inn. Another line intimated that a clue to theidentity of the masked robber had been found. A few minutes later . sergeant in'plain clothes and a constable in uniform were in the Roebuck. Mr. Hilyard told the sergeant about the marked sovereign he had received, and gave the name of the man to whom he had given it. The latter lived about three miles away. Then the four went to the little back room over an outhouse where the esnpected man-of-all-work slept. The entry of the whole party did not awake the sleeper. "Search first," sueeggested Mr. Welham, at the same time seizing a short coat of thick dark serge that had been carelessly thrown on a chair. The landlord seized a vest that lay on the floor and thrust his fingers in the pockets, finding only a sixpence and three pennies, which he at once returned. " There is nothing here but aripe, tobacco, and dirt," whispered Mr. Welham, after examining every pocket he could find in the coat. S"There's money here, I think," said the sergeant in plain-clothes, speaking in sup pressed tones. He had carefully lifted a pair of trousers that lay upon the bed, and had drawn from one of the pockets a little packet wrapped in a piece of newspaper. On opening this peckes it was found to contain five sovereigns. Mr. Welham and the plain-clothes man looked at them closely, and the marks were plainly discernible under the head of each. The coins were refolded in the paper, and returned to the trousere pocket. Then the sergeant seized the sleeper by the shoulder and shook him roughly. IHe awoke and sprang up to a sitting posture in the bed, when the constable in uniform stepped for ward ready to grapple with the man should he resort to violence. " Why-I say-what's the matter 2 What do you all want 1" the man ejaculated, as he became thoroughly awake, and looked from one to another in confurion. "Your master wants to ask you a question. But be careful what you say. I must take notice of every word," said the sergeant. "But what'sit all about? I'll answer any question Mr. Hilyard wants to ask me. What is it l" "I want to know what kind of money Mr. Benson gave you this afternoon when he paid his account I" "You want to know that ? I think youen ought to know when I gave it to you. It was a eovereign, two two-ehillin' pieces, half " crown, an' a shillin'. Ife said I might keep the sixpence over for a glass, an' I did." "Did you give me the sovereign you got from Mr. Benson? You were out all the afternoon, you know, and you came here drunk." "No, sir-not drunk. It takes a lot to make me what I call drunk. I'd had a few drinks, I know, 'cause I'd been about a bit, but I knew what I was doin'." " I ask-did you give me the sovereign you got from Mr. Benson?" "1Do you mean to say I didn't I'll swear C did." "Had you any other sovereigne?" "No ; I don't have many sovereigns about me, except when I'm paid a few for yon." "The sovereign you gave me was marked." " I didn't mark it." ".But you have other sovereigns in your pocket with the same mark on. How or where did you get them 2" "Sovereigns in my pocket? How do yen know what's in my pocket? You needn't trouble about my pockets, Mr. Hilyard. If there was twenty sovereigns in my pockets none of 'em'od be yours." "I'm soure they're not mine; and there's reason to think they ehould not be yours. Sergeant Lynes searched and found them there." "Searched I Found them I" he exclaimed, his effrontery giving place to alarm. 'Yea; 1 must take you into custody on suspicion of having stolen the money. This gentleman has been robbed, and I have found part of the stolen property in your pocket. You must come with me." Protestations of innocence were load, vehement, and frenzied, but they could not alter facts, and they were unavailing. Jake Hiecoogh was conveyed to the police station. The members of the local force were jubilant at the thought that the long-dreaded Man in the Mask had been captured and incarcerated in Wineliff, the central point around which he had moved and committed his various crimes. A few minutes after Mr. Welham had re. ported his loss to the police authorities in Wincliff, news of the robbery was wired to the headquarters of the detective depart ment in London. As soon as I appeared in the'office next morning the case was given into my hands. I was invested with power to do all I might think necessary to bring the offender to justice, and I started at once to commence my investigation of a case in which I felt more than ordinary professional interest. I arrived in Wincliff before the prisoner had been taken before the magistrate, and it was there I learned nearly all the particulars 1 have mentioned. In the first place, I was curious to see the man who had become a criminal celebrity. My first view of him was obtained through the grating in the door of the cell in which he was confined. There was nothing in his appearance to correspond with my precon. ceived notion of a desperate highwayman. But we know how deceptive and misleading appearance frequently are. The spirit of a devil may be sometimes masked under the outward seeming of a person of more than ordinary virtue. I spoke to Joake Hiecough, and he replied to me with the air of a man whom the discovery of his crime had utterly confounded. I could not gain from him anything more than repeated assurance of his innocence. When I eaid the sovereigns in his pocket told a different tale, he merely said: "I know nothing about them sovereigns. The devil must have put them there. I never did. I hadn't even a ahillin' the last time I remember feelin' for money, an' how five pound came to be in my pocket I don't know. I believe there's some dodge in the whole affair that I can't understand. The gentleman that was robbed or Sergeant Lynes knows more about it than I do. I never robbed anybody in a mask or out of a mask, an' I wasn't ridin' about the road after dark neither. I can tell every place I was in, an'I swear I never saw that money before I saw it in the sergeant's hand, if swearin' will do me any good. "Swearing will not save yeou from being committed for trial, or, at least, remanded. I'd help you if I could. If you can tell me where you were, and if others can prove you were not near the place when the gentleman was robbed, that will show that you can't have robbed him. A man can't be in too places at one time, ever if he has afast horse to ride." "I wasn't on the back of a horse all yes. terday." "A8sertions without proof are no defence agin .t strong evidence. The finding of the money in your pocket will reqniie alot of ex. plaining.'. "An' I can't explain nothing about that. I don't know how it came there, an' I don't know how long it was there; in fact, as I said before, I don't know anything about it." The prisoner named a few persons with whom he ,a'd he had been about the time at which-the robbery was committed. Imade notes of the names and places he mentioned, intending to test the accuracy of his state ments by personal irgoiry. Mr. Welham could not seot off on hie drive to London so early as he had intended that morning. Hu appeared in the court when the prisoner was brought up on the charge of having committed robbery from the peroison on the Queen's highway. He asserted that the five sovereigns found in the prisoner's pocket were part of the money of which he had been deprived under threat of death ; but, as the robber was maeked, and ashe ap peared to be humpbncked, be could not say whether the prisoner was the muan. Mr. Hilyhrd told his stoly,whtoh wase clear and circumsitantial. Be had ont to the gentleman to ahcm he gave the sovereire in change, but had not yet heard from him. The landlord's stat:ement left little doubt as to the prisoner's guilt. Sergeant Lyves de posed to finding the money. The prisoner, when questioned, said he was not near the scene of the crime when the robbery was committed. He could prove that by calling witnesses, and ho would swear he did not know anything about the money found in his pocket. Alter hearing all, the magis. srate agreed to remand the prisoner for three days, during which the most searching inquiry should be made. Soon as the prisoner was removed from the dock, I arranged with the police authori. ties for an immediate and rigorous search of the room he hadslept in at the Roebuck Inn. Without appearing to take a prominent part in the business, I accompanied the Eearchere and superintended their proceedings. Mr. Hilyard afforded us facility to visit the places in which tshe prisoner was principally employed; but a very thorough search failed to discover any other particle of the stolen property, or any article of attire corre. sponding to the description Mr. Welham bad given. While in the yard of the inn I asked the ostler whether Jake Hiscough had taken out a horse the preceding evening, and learned that he had not. Mr. Hlilyard had ridden out for about an hour in the evening to call on a gentleman who lived a few miles away, but he handed the horse to the oetler again abouthalf an hour after dark. I then went in search of the persons whose names I had jotted down. I spoke about the trial and the charge, and what I learned from Jake's friends corroborated what he had told me. "I can swear, an' so can others, Jake never left the Grey Goose from about half past three till nearly six o'clock. We were playin' quoits till it got dark, an' then we turned into the parlor an' played dominoes till Jake went home. He was a bit 'fresh,' but not more so than I was. He might 'ave called somewhere else on the way-I dar'say be wouldn't pass the Nelson without callin' in for a glass-but it was a long time after dark when he left me. lie's not a likely sort to be taken for the Man i' the Mask." Before night I had learned enough to satisfy me that Jake could not have. com. mitted the robbery. But how was the presence of the coins in his pocket to be accounted for? And how did it happen that only the marked money should be found in his possession, while thirty pounds in notes, a gold watch and chain, and two diamond rings had utterly disap. peared. I thought over all I had learned long and earnestly. I put the different little items of knowledge together, as it is my habit to do, and tried to get a certain clear idea out of all. Before I slept that night, I was fully certain of two things. One was that Jake Hiseough was not the robber, though some oi the booty was found in his pocket; the other was that Jake had met the real Man in the Mask, and I could find him. As early as possible next morning, I waited on a magistrate, and sent word that I wanted a few words on important bucinces. He gave me an interview at once. I told him my businest in Wincliff, and then laid before him the theory I had formed the night before. I cannot de. scribe his astonishment as I proceeded, and I believe he thought as I did at last. I went from his house with a search warrant in my pocket. Then I went to the police office to complete arrangements for the step I intended to take. The landlord of the Roebuck Inn was partaking of his rather late breakfast when I, two police sergeants, and four men entered his hostelry on serious business. His ruddy complexion faded to an ashy paleness when I told him I held a warrant empowering me to search his house for stolen goods. Recovering from the stun. ning effect of the intelligence, he made a step toward me as if he would kill me, but two of the men following instructions pre. viously given, stepped before him. "We have to do our duty, Mr. Hil. yard, and I hope you'll not make it more unpleasant. We must search your rooms even if we have to overcome opposi. tion." "Ceged l-caught Sir men to one l" he hissed, glaring at the men he re garded as enemies with an expression of face that was wholly suggestive of mur. der. " I'll go up with you," he added, suddenly, as if speaking on some impulse. "No, sir. You would not assist us. I will leave three men here to prevent you from fIllowing us," said the sergeant-after which announcement Mr. Hilyard sank, seemingly powerless, in a chair. Our progress was no longer impeded. We wens to Mr. Hilyard's bedroom, and in a small box on the dressing table found the gold watch, the diamond rings, and the notes which Mr. Welham had lost. In another box, fastened with a padlock, we found a tightly-folded parcel, which, on being opened, was found to contain some of the properties neused in the "make-up" of the Man in the Mask. There was the loig, dark cloak, with a bundle of glass. cloths sewn on the inside between the shoulders to simulate a hump when worn. Within that was a dark hat of soft felt, to the inner edge of the rim of which and extending half around it, was firmly tacked a piece of stiff pasteboard, with two round perforations about two.thirds of its length from the bottom. It weeas dark drab in color, and that was the mask which had so long shielded the robber from recog. nition, . Arrest of Mir. Hilyard immediately fol. lowed these discoveries. At his subsequent trial he confessed that he had placed the marked money in Jake Hiecongh's pocket while he slept. Soon as he returned after the robbery he had given one of the stolen sovereigns to a gentleman in change. He afterwards learned that the gold was marked, and feared it might be traced to him. To turn suspinion from himself he invented the scoheme we have deseoribed. But cunning and unscrupulous wrong did not prevent the judge from condemning to penal servitude for ten years the ougs mysterious "MAb r ru. Mill,'" 6 6 ..... ? 