COMMODORE JUNK." Br G. MANVILLE PENN. Aluthor " The Parson o' Dumford," Etc. CHAPTE? X. The laws were trmendonslr stringent in thosea day when it was considered much Oesier to brine an offender's bad aLsreer to an end than to keep himh at the nation's expense; and when tihe stealing of a sheep was considered a crime to be punished with death,n n ttack upon the cred peron of one Of the king's officers by a couple ,f notorioLs law-breakers was not likely to be looked upon leniently by a judge well-known for stern Sentenes. Bat a jursof Devon mstn was sitting upon the offence of Abel D:ill and Bart Wriglcey, and feeling. disposed to deal easily with a couple of young fellows whose previous bad character was all in connection with smugglinlg, ia crime with the said jury of a veory light dye, certainly not black. Abel and Bart es:aped the rope, and were sen tencedto transportation toone of iHisfMajesty's colonies in the West Indies. there to do con vict work in connection with plantations, or the making of roads, as their ta?knasters -might think fit. Time glided by, and Miary Dell foundithat her life at home had beeomen insupportable. She was not long in finding that, now that she was left alone and unprotected. she was mot to be *free from persecution. Her con temptuous rejit.tion of Captain Armstrong's advances - seemed to have the effect of inereasing his persecution ; and one evening at the end of a couple of months Mary Dell sat oi one of the rocks outside the cottage door, gazing out to sea, and watching tdhe hips sail westward, as she wondered whether those on board would ever see the brother also seemed to be all that was left to her in this world. That particular night the thought which had been hatching in her brain ever since Abel had been sent away flew forth fully fledged and ready, and she rose from where she had been sitting in the evening sunshine, and walked into thie cottage. Mary Dell's proceedings would have excised a smile fro an otbservc-er, but the cottage stood alone. She had heard that Captain Armstrong was from home and not s expected back for a week, and there was no fear ofprying eyes as the sturdy, well-built girl took down a looking-glass from where it aung to a nail, and, placing it upon the 1 table, propped it with an old jar, and then seating herself before the glass, she folded her arms, rested them upon the table, and sat for quite an hour gazing at herself in the s mirror. Womanly vanity ? Not a scrap of it, but s sirm, intense prnpose; deep thought; calm, calculating observation before taking a step that was to influence her life. : She rose after a time and walked into her brother Abel's bedroom, where she stayed for some minutes, and then with a quick, resolute step she re-entered the cottage kitchen, thrust the few embers together that burned upon the hearth, took a pair of Scissors from a box, and again seated herself G before the glass. The sun was setting, and filled the slate- P flooreddkitchen with light which flashed back e from the blurred looking- glass, and cast a curious glare in the girl's stern countenance, with its heavy dark brows, sun-browned ruddy cheeks, and gleaming eyes. drip !fi The sharp scissors had passed through one lock of the massive black tresses which she n had shaken over her shoulders, and which then rippled to the cottage floor. Snip ! a Another cut, and two locks had fallen. Then rapidly saip, snip, snip-a curious thick, sharp .ip-and the great waves of s glorious hair kept falling as the bare, sun burned, ruddy arm played here and there, and o thesteelbladcsglitteredandopened andclosed, t as if arm, hand, and scissors formed the neck, ]n head, and angry bill o asome fierce bird -?-attackinig thast well-shaped head, and at n every snap took off a thick tress of hair. ft It was not a long task, and when the hair P had all fallen, to lie around, one curious ring' of glossy black tresses, there were only a few! snips to give here and there to finish off tl notches and two long, untidy spots, and then ti the girl rose, and with a cold, hard look upon her frowning face she stooped, and ti stooed,- and at each rising cast a great tress P of hair-to where the flames leaped, and 9 seized it, scorching the locks, which writhed, n and curled, and flared, and crackled as if P alive, while as if to aid the idea that she was destroying something living, a peculiarly P pungent odour arose, as of burning flesh, 1( and filled thie room. An hour iter, just as the red moon rose slowly above the surface of the sea, a sturdy looking young man, with a stout stick in one hand-the very stick which had helped to belabour Captain Armstrong-and a bundle ted up in a handkerchief beneath his arm, stepped out of the cottage, changed the key from inside to outside, closed the ol0 b door, locked it, dragged out the key, and t, with a sudden jerk sent it flying far out into b deep water beysond the reeocks, where it fell .itha dulliptsh: followed byapeenuliarhissing a sound, as the waves at high water rushed 1 backover the fine shingle at the thrower's feet. There was a sharp look round then; but no one was in sight; nothing to be heardbut the hissing waters, and the splashing, f gasping, and smacking sound, as the tide t swayed in and out among the masses of stone. Then the figure turned once more to i the cottage, gazed at it fixedly for a few d moments, took a stop or two away; but sprang back directly with an exceeding bIttercry, and kissed-the rough unpainted woodwork again and again with rapidt action, and then dashed off to the foot of the cliff, and climbed rapidly to the sheep-track -the faintly- seen path that led towards Slapton Lea and the old hall, where the 1 captain still stayed with his young wife, and then joined thie west road which led to Ply- I The risky part of the track was passed, and the openand down-lmke pastures beyond the cliffs were reached and here. with the 1 moon beginning to throw the shadow of the tro?eller far forwardanu in weird-looking length, the original of that shadow strode on manfully for another quarter of amile, when all at once there was a stoppage, for another fgure was soemenomsgtrmo the direction of Toeross, and the moon shining full upon the laoe showed plainly who it was. There was no question of identity, for that evening, after more than his customary moedicum of wine, Captaiin James Armstrong -whose journey had been postponed-had -nubbed his young wife cruelly, quarrelled with his cousin Hunmphrey, who had been there to dine, and then left the house, deter mined to go down to Mary Deli's solitary "ti'm a fool," he said; "I haven't been firm enough with the handsome eat. She scratched. Well, cats have claws, and when Ihave taught her how to purr nicely she'll keep them always sheathed. I'll bring her to her senses to-night, once and for all." "Who the devil's this ?" mattered the captain. "EHumph! sailor on the trampto Plymouth. Well, he won't kiow me won't turn back." He strodo onadozen yards andthen stopped short, as tho figare before him had stopped afew moments before; and then a change came over the aspect of the captain. His knees shook, his face turned wet, and his throat grew .dry. It was horrible; but there could'be no mistake. A'bel Dell" he cried, hoarsely as he leaped at the idea that the brother had returned in spirit, to save his sister from all \- Out of my path i" rang forth in answer, and thenin a tone of intense hatred and suppressed passion, the one word-"Dog ! " As the last word rang out there was a whistling as of a stick passing through ths air, a tremendous thud, and the captain fell headlong upon the rocky ground. \- Then there was utter silence as the young sailorplacedone foot upon the prostrate man's chest,s stamped upon it savagely, and strode 'The ,rinttt pbhiek thish wek has been pur chased from the pabliahecs, Mens. Caosell and CaP.ay' Limited, of I.ado and HMdbosaae.] C on right away over the wild country [ bordering the sea. Thefigureloomed up once in theimoonlight, as the captain rose slowly upon one elbow, . and gazed after it to see that it seemed to be of supernturanil proportions, and then he sank backaain .with a groan. ' It's aspirit," he said, " come back to n her ;" and then thei poltroon fainted dead I away. CHAPTER XI.L is INTlE 5?LAŽTAflON. Someone singing a west-country ditty. " " IJia sloe-black jcis-" A pause in the singing, and the striking of several blows with a rough hoe, the to destruction of weeds in a coffee-plantation ; while, as the chops of the hoe struck the clods of earth, the fetters worn by the striker gave forth faint clinks. I Then in a pleasant musical voice the singer went on with another line : " And hi., ca'rlq hair- " 3ore chops with the hoe, and dinks of the fetters. " Iispleasing roice- " A heavy thump with the back of the tool to an obstinate clod, which took several.more strokes before it crumbled up ; and all the time the fetters clinked and chinked loudly. Then the singer went on with the sweet old minor air with its childish words.. "' D mcd iy heart ensnare- " Chop ! chop ! clink ! clink ! clank! " Geidtec ie wa.-?"--. " But no rake like pod." do h', I say, Abel, mate; don't, lad, s don't." " Don't what !" said Abel Dell, resting upon his hoe, and looking up at big Bart Wrigley, clothed like himself,.armed with a hoe, and also decorated with fetters, as he stood wiping the perspiration from his forehead. " Don't sing that there old song. It d t make me feel so unked." " Unked, Bart 1 Well, what if it does ? These are unked days." " Ay, but each time you sing that, I seem r to see the rocks along by the shore at home, with the ivy hanging down, and the sheep feeding, and the sea rolling in, and the blue sky, with gulls a-flying, and it makes me feel r like a boy again, and big as I am, as if I 6 should cry." " Always were like a big boy, Bart. Hoe y away, lad, the overseer's looking." t Bart went on chopping weeds, diligently following his friend's example, as a sour looking, yellow-faced man came by, in ' company with a soldier loosely shouldering a his musket. Bnt they passed by without t] speaking, and Abel continued : " There's sea here, and blue sky and sun- q shine." t " Ay," said Bart, " there's sunshine hot n enough to fry amackerel. Place is right enough if you was free; but it ar'n't home, Abel-it ar'n't home." " Home? no," said the young man, savagely. But we have no home. She " spoiled that." There was an interval of-weed-chopping si and clod-breaking, the young men's chains clanking loudly, as they worked now so ti energetically that the overseer noted their proceedings,- and pointed them..out as ce examples to an idle hand. vi "Ah I you're a hard 'an, Abel," remarked au Bart, after a time. " Yes ; and you're asoft 'un, Bart. She could always turn you round her little re finger." ca "Ay, bless her ! and she didn't tell on ri, us." m " Yes, she did," said Abel, sourly ; and he turned his back upon. his companion, and toiled away to hide the working of his face. . . The sun shone down as hotly as it can shine in the West Indies, and the coarse m shirts the young men wore showed patches tr of moisture where the perspiration came ho through ; but they worked on, for the he labour deadened the misery in their breasts. be And yet it was a very paradise as far as th nature was concerned. an had spoiled it as far as he could, his cultivation being but a a poor recompense for turning so lovclya spot 1 into a plantation worked by convicts- by men who fouled the ambient air each moment they opened their lips; while, from time to b time, the earth was stained with blood. tl In the distance shone the sea, andbetween ci theplantation and the silver coral sands lay patches of virgin forest, where the richest ei and most luxuriant of tropic growth revelled e in the heatand moisture, while in the sunny patches brilliant flowers blossomed. Then cams wild tangle, cane-brake, and in one ts place, where a creek indented the land, weird looking mangroves spread their leafage B over their muddy scaffolds of asrial roots. " How long have we been here, mate 1". said Bart, after a pause. " Dunno," replied Abel, fiercely. Here he began chopping more vigorously. h " How long will they keep us in this here It place 9" said Bart, after another interval, and ls he looked from the beautiful shore at the bottom of the slope on which they worked w to the cluster of stone and wood-built buildings, which formed the prison and the S station farm, with factory and mill, all worked by convict labour, while those in the neighbourhood were managed by blacks. w Abel did not answer, only scowledfiercely, al and Bart sighed and repeated his question. re " Till we die !" said Abel, savagely; ai " same as we've seen other fellows die-of % fever and hard work, and the lash. Curse ft the captain. Curse---" r Bart clappedone hand over his companion's ti lips, and he held the other behind his head, g dropping his hoe to leave full liberty to me act. tl " I never quarrels with you, Abel, lad," a he said, shortly ; but if you says words again n that poor gell, I'm going to fight-and that a won't do. Is it easyO. d Abel seemed disposed to struggle ; but he gave in, nodded his head, and Bart loosed p him and picked up his hoe, just as the over- s seer, who had come softly up behind, brought dcwn the whip he carried with stinging violence across the shoulders of first F one and then the other. The young men sprang round savagely; but there was a sentry close behind, musket armed, and withbayonet fixed, and theylknew that fifty soldiers were within call, andthatif 1 they struck their taskmaster down anda made for the jungle,; they would -be hunted out with dogs, be shot down like wildbeasts, or die of starvation, as other un- i fortunates had died before them. There was nothing for it but to resume their labour and hoe to the clanking of their fetters, while, after promise of what was to follow, in the shape of tying up to the triangles and the cat, if they quarrelled again, the overseer went on to see to the others of his flock. " It's worse than a dog's life !" said Abel, bitterly. " A dog does get patted as well as kicked. Bart, lad, I'm sorry I got you that lash." "Nay, lad, never mind," said Bart. "I'm sorry for you; but don't speak hard things of Mary." "I'll try not," said Abel, as he hoed away excitedly; "but I hope this coffee we grow may paison those who drink it." "What for? They can't help it," said Bart, smiling. "There, lad, take it coolly. Some day we may make a run for it." "And be shoti!" said Abel, bitterly. "There, you're down to the end of that row. I'll go this way. He's watching us., Bart obeyed. He was one who always did obey; and by degrees the young men were working right away from each other, till they were a good two hundred yards apart. Abel was at the end of his row first, and he stoppedand turned to begin again and go down, so as to pass Bart about the middle of the clearing; but Bart had another minute's chopping to do before turning. He was close up to a dense patch of forest \--one wild tangle of cane and creeper, which literally tied the talltrees together and made the forest impassable- when the shrieking of a kind of jay, which had been flitting about excitedly, stopped, and was followed by the melodious whistle of a white bird and the twittering of quite a flock of little fellows of a \- gorgeous scarlet- crimson. Then theshrieking of several parrots answering each other arose; while just above Bart's head, where try clusters of trumpet-shaped blossoms hung down from the edge of the forest, scores of lit, brilliantly-sealed humming-birds literally a', buzzed on almost transparenf wing, and then be suspended themselves in miidnir as they he probed the nectaries of the flowel's with their long bills. to "You're beauties, you are," said Bart, ad stopping to wipe his brow; "bui I'd give the hull lot on you for a sight of one good old sarcy sparrer a-sitting on the cottage roof and saying chis.l-chisid. Ah ! shell us ever see old Devonshire again ?" The parrots hung upside-down, and. the tiny humming-birds flitted here and there, displaying, from time to time, the brilliancy of of their scale-like feathers, and Bart'glanced o at his fellow convict and was about.to work ;back, when there came a sound from out of. e the dark forest which made him stare wildly, or and then the sound arose again. Bart changed colour, and did not stop to er hoe, but walked rapidly across to Abel. " What's the matter i" said the latter. "Dunno, lad," said the other, rubbing ,f his brow with his arm; " but there's some thing wrong." "'What is it"' I "That's what I dunno; but just now e something said'quite plain, ' Bart! Bart!' " e "Nonsense!* You are dreaming." "Nay. I was wide awake as I am now. Sand as I turned. and staredit said it again." " It said it ?" " Well, she said it." "Poll parrot," said Abel, 'gruffly. "Go on with your work. Here's the Iverseer." The young men worked away, and their supervisor passed them, and, apparently satisfied, continued his journey round. "? 4ay have been a poll parrot," said Bart. t "They do talk plain,. Abel, lad; but this sounded like something else." "What else could it be?" "Sounded like a "host.'r Abel burst into alearty laugh-so hearty that Bart's face was slowly overspread by a broad smile. "Why, lad, that's better," he said, grimly. " I ar'n't seen you do that for months. Work away." The hint was given because of the overseer glancing in their direction.;: and they now worked on together slowly, going- down the row toward the jungle, at which. Butt kept on darting uneasy glances. " Enough to make a man laugh, to hear you talk of ghosts, Bart," said' Abel;. after a time. "What could it be, then 1" "-Parrot some lady tamed," saidl Abel, shortly, as they worked on' side by side, " escapedto the woods again. Some of these birds talk just like a Christian." " Ay," said Bart, after a few: moments" quiet thought, " I've heered 'em; lad; but there's no poll parrot out here as- knows me." " Knows yOU ?" W "Vell, didn't I tell you as it called- to me 'Bart! Bart!' " "Sounded like it," said Abel, laconically.. " What does he want?" For just then the overseer shouted, andi signed to the gangmen to come to himi "To begin another job-log-rolling, I. a think," growled Bart, shouldering his hoe. At that moment, as Abel followed his example, there came in a low, eager tone of. 01 voice from. out of the jungle, twenty yards " art !-Abel !-Abel !" " Don't look," whispered Abel, who P reeled as if struck, and recovered himself to " catch his companion by the arm. " All y' right!" he said aloud; "we'll be here to- t morrow. We must go." b CHAPTER XII. ie DEADLY PERIL. It was quite a week before the two young men were at work in the plantation of young trees again, and during all that time they had feverishly discussed the voice they had heard. Every time they had approached the borders of the plaptation where it ran up to the virgin forest they had been on the qui rile, expecting to hear their names called again, but only to be disappointed; and, after due consideration, Abel placed a right interpretation upon the reason. " It was someone who got ashore from a q boat," he said, "and managed to crawl up there. It's the only place where anyone e could get up." " Being nigh that creek, lad, where the e crocodiles is," said Bart. "Ay, you're right. Who could it be?" " One of our old mates." " Nay; no old mate would take all that a trouble for us, lad. It's someone Mary's sent to bring us a letter and a bit of news." It was at night in the prison lines that I Bart said this, and then he listened wonderingly in the dark, for he heard some thing like a sob from close to his elbow. "Abel, matey !" he whispered. "Don't talk to me, old lad," came back e hoarsely after a time. And then, after a long silence, "Yes, you're right. Poor lass--oor lases " e " Say that again, Abel; say that again," whispered Bart, excitedly. " Poor lass t I've been too hard on her. She didn't get us took." " Thank God ?" These were Bart's hoarsely whispered words, choked with emotion; and directly after, as he Lay there, Abel Dell felt a great, rough, trembling hand pass across his face and search about him till it reached his own, which it gripped and held with a strong, firm clusp, for there was beneath Bart's rough, husk-like exterior a great deal of the true, loyal, loving material of which English gentlemen' are made; and when towards morning those two prisoners fell isleep hi their chains, hand was still gripped in hand, while the dreams that brightened the re maining hours of their rest from penal labour were very shnilar, being of a rough home down bencathDevon's lovely cliffs, where the sea ran sparkling over the clean-washed pebbles, and the handsome face of Mary smiled upon each in turn. "Abel, mate, I'm ready for anything now," said Bart, as they went that morning to their work. " Only say again as you for give our lass." " Bart, old lad," said Abel, hoarsely, ' I've nought to forgive." "Hah !" ejaculated Bart, and then he f began towhistle softly asifinthe highestof sprits, and looked longingly in the direction of the jungle beside the mud creek; but three days elapsed before they were setto hoe among the coffee bushes again. Bart let his chin go down upon his chest on the morning when the order was given, Sand the overseer saw it and cracked his a whip. " "ou sulky ruffian !" he cried. " None I of your sour looks with me. Geton with He crocked his whip again, and Dart shuffled off, clinking his fetters loudly. " Do keep between as, Abel, lad," he t whispered, or I shall go off and he'll see. Oh, br, how I do want to laugh i" nHe restrained his mirth for a time, and :they walkedon to the end of the plantation and began their task at the opposite end to y where they had left off, when the rate at which their hoes were plied was such that they were not long before they began to near d the dense jungle, beyonid which lay the man . grove swamp and thesea. "1 daren't hope, Dart," whispered Abel, . so aespondently that his companion, in a t. wildly excited manner, lauged in his g face. "What a lad you are !" he cried. " It's s all right; he's waiting for us. It's some n sailor chap from Dartmouth, whose ship's , put in at Kingston or Belize. Cheer up, s mate !" But it was all a mockery; and whenthey id approached the jungle at last, hoeing more o slowly-for, much as they longed to get up t at once, they knew that any unusual move 's ment on their part might be interpreted by watchftul eyes into an attempt at escaye, and t bring down upon them a sot--Bartes voice b trembled and somnded hoarsely as he said P"Now, Abel, my lad, I'm going to talk to t thatthere poll parrot. a "Hush!" whispered Abel, agitatodly. e "Keep on quietly with your work till we get a close, and then call softly." ( "Oh, it's all straight, .lad," whispered or hack Dart, chopping away and breaking re clods, as his fetters clanked more loudly than g ever. "Now. then, Polly I' Prety' Poly, of re you there 7" - Y " Ye, yes, BDart. Abel, dear brfther; at n last, at last !" came from the jungle. : y "3ary-Polly,,.my girl !" criea Abel, r hoarsely, as hethrewdown hishoe; andi heýas running toward the jungle, where a crtshmg sound was heard, when Bart fltmg his strong e arms acrosd his chest and dashed him to ths d ground. e "Are you saad!" he cried.' Mary, for s God's sake, keep luack r' The w arning"' Was needed, for -from across e the plantation the, overseer and a couple of soldiers came running, every movement on y the part of the prisoners being watched. " Sham ill, Inad;. sh.nr ill," whispered Bart, au a piteous sigh came from - the f depths of the jungit. " Nowlhen, you two: Fightingagain ?" roared the overseer;, as he came panting up. S"Fighting, sir i'" growled Bart; " rum fighting. Hfenearly 'w?eiidow??." " He was trying to ese.ape.!': "Escape !" growled Bart.- "Look at him.. Sun's hot." The overseer bent -'down over Abel, whose aspect helped the illusion; for' he looked ghastly from his' emotion;: anddhehad pre sence of mind enough to open his-eyes, kok about wildly frona face to face; and' then begin to stuggle up, with one liasd" tohis head. " Is it the fayver sor !" said orin of tl?e soldiers.-: . . "N o. Touch of the sun,"-' said the over seer. " They're always getting it.- There. you're all right, ar'nt yon Y" " Yes, sir," said Abel, slowly,- as he picked up his hoe. " Sit down under" thel trees therefor a few minutes," said the overseer:. "Iend: iMiar your water-bottle, soldier: Alnd you stoa with him till he's better. I'll come blck soon." This last was to Bart, playing, as it wdre into the prisoners' hands, for Bart took the water-bottle ; and as the overseer wenbaoff with his guard, Abel was assisted to the edge of the jungle, where a hug'6 cotton-tree threw its shade; and here Bart placed hint' n an old stump, trembling the while, as he held the water to his companion's lips. It was hard work to keep still while the others went out of hearing; but at last it' seemed safe, and Abel panted out "Mary, dear, are you there I" . " Yes, yes, Abel. Oh, my dear brothelr, I say one kind word to me !" "Kind word? Oh, my lass, my las, say that you forgive me !" ' " Forgive you t Yes. But quick, dear, before those men come back." "Tell me, then," said Abel, speaking with f his back to the jungle, and his head bent b down as if ill, while Bart leaned over him, I trembling like a leaf, " tell me how you t came to be here." "I came over in a ship to Krnigston.: Then I went to New Orleans. Then 'to v Honduras. And it was only a fortnight ago a tlat I found you." d " But how did you come here ?" " I've 'got a small boat, dear. I asked t and asked for months before I could find out h whereyou were. I've been to other planta- I tions, and people have thought me mad ; but t one day I stumbled across the sailors of a ship that comes here with stores from the a station, and I heard them say that there b were a nmnber of prisoners working at this v place; and at last, after waiting and watch- t isg-for weeks and weeks, I caught sight of c you two, and then it was a month before I v could speak to you as I did the other day." S "'And now you have come," said Abel, u bitterly, " I can't even look at you." h "Eut you will escape, dear," said Mary. " Escape- L" cried Abel, excitedly. b "Steady, lad, steady. 'Member you're c ill," growled Bart, glancing toward the a nearest sentry, and then holding up the I bottle as if to see how much was nwthin. " Yes, escape," said Mary. " I have the a boat.ready: Can you come now ?" " Impossible' We should be overtaken I and shot before we had goae a mile." " "But you, must eseape," said Madry. "You must get down here by night." " Howl?" said Bart, gruffly. " You two- must settle that," said Mary, quickly. "PTam' only a woman ; but I have found means to get here with a boat, and I s can come again and agsin till you join me." 'Yes," said Abel, decidedly; "we will contrive that." i "But is-it safe, lass, where you are?" "What do you. mean " " They telled us there was the crocodiles all 8 along that creek, and sharks out beyond, if I we tried to run."' "Yes," said' Mary, calmly, "there are plenty of these creatures about." "Listen," said! Abel, quickly, and speaking as decidedly now as his sister. d " Can you get-hqre night after night ?" "Yes," said. Mnry. "I halve been here every night since I spoke to you last." t "' Then keep on' coming." ' "Yes." said: Mary; "I will till you escape." "You have thelboat?" " Yes." "And provisiBons?" " Yes; a little.:' " But how do yo, manage?" L " I am fishing, if any one sees me; but it a is very lonely here: I see nothing but the birds," she added' to herself, "and sharks c and alligators ;~' and- as she said this she a smiled sadly.-. ' " Be careful, then;" said Abel. " Bart, a old lad, we will escape." There was a loud.expiration of the breath from the jungle, and Abel continued- " I must get up. and go on work, or they I will be back. Mary, once more, you have a boat?' ",, Yes." " And can come-up-here and wait?" ' " Yes." Quick,; short, decided answers each time. t "Then be cautious. Only come by t night." "I know. Trust me. I will not be seen. I will do nothing rash. To-night, as soon as it grows- dark, I shall be here ex peing you, for I shall not stir. At day ra shall go, and come again at night." \- "And mind the sentries." "Trust me, Abel. I shall not come now by day for six days. If atthe endof six nights you have-not been able to escape, I shall come for six days by day, hoping that you may be more suceessful in the daylight; forperhaps you will find thata bold dash will help you to get away." "But the risk--the risk !" panted Abel "the risk, girl, to you r' "Abel, dear, I amhere to risk everything. I have risked everything to join you." - "Yes," he said, hoarsely. "But after wards. If we do escape?" " Leave the plans to me," she said, with a little laugh. "I haveboeat and sail, and the world is very wide. Only escape. -Take care; the men are coming back." Mary's voice ceased; and Abel took hold of Bart's arm, rose, raised his hoe, and walked with him: to where they had leftoff work, to begin- again slowly, the two men trembling with excitement now; for, as the overseer neared them, a bird began flying to and fro over the edge of the jungle, scream ing wildly, evidently from the fact that somebody was hidden there. (Tn sE Corm-oEn). Invmstigation has shown that porous tere cotta bricks and blocks best resist the action of Sfire, water, and frost. Next to these as fire resiating materials come concretes and bmrnt clay work. For buildinu intended to be fire proof, the best materials are iron work, incsed m loreus term-cotta, withtile or brick work in roof and floor, and tile construction. The hollow tiles are faced with vitreous tile, slate, or any good wltherproof coating, or with asingle tsiclaness of brickt. The Emperor William is a little fidgety about the equipmeat of his army. He has, for instance, just changed all the lances for shorter and stronger ones, after having ordered longer lances. Only recently he had the Cuirmsoers s ipped ithrevolver ; thisewereimmediatelSr aftenrwarns changed or carbines. These have been now.replaced by rifles of a small calibre.' There ris one woman joarnalist,, and only one, reporting the procedings of the Parnell Commision at tse Law 'Courts. She i, how ever,a somewhat famous exception, for they sea th?.t she'is none other than Madame Venturi, the wellknown friend of Mazzini. Sheholds the seat allotted to an Irishnews Spaper and.does correspondence for some Con a ti-e'talj". azz .. " 