THE DEATH SHIP.. A STRANGE STORY ; . a.\ account of a cruise in tuk. fittiao nutomian, corrected from THK papers of the rate .".ci!. geoffrey 1'EltTO'n", of poplar, master mariner. Br W. CLABK P.USSELL, Author of " Tho Wreck of t'oo Orosvor.or," "Tho Goldon Hope," Jie., Jio. All Rights Rosefred.J > CHAPTER T.— (Continued.) Hero happened an extraordinary thing. As to passed Green Point,whero the weather was placid aud the strife war;cd in the way.no Iongfir to bo seen, a large ship of sis lmudicd tons, unat wo supposed was to call at Cane Town, passed us, her yards braced up and all plain sail set. Gue had sotuo soldiers aboard, showed several gnus,' had the English colors liyinv, aud oifered a very brave and handsome showpbeiug shoathed Willi copper that glowed ruddy ' to tho t soft laving of tho glass-bright swell, aud her can vas had the hue of the cotton cloths avhioh the Spaniards of the South American inain used to spread, and wliich in these idays form a distinguishing mark of t'rn Yankee ships. Having not tbo lepst suspiciton' of the turmoil that awaited her round lloaille Point, she slipped along jauntily, ready to make a free wind of the breeze then blowing. But all on a sudden ou opening the bay she met the whole strength of the fierce soutli-caster. Down, she lay to it, all aback— stopped dead. Her ports being open, I feared- If oho ' were not promptly recovered she nrust foun der. They might let go tho hatliads, but the yards being jammed would not travel. It swept the heart into the throat to wanes this thing 1 Wo brought our ship to the wind to render help with ou boats | but happily her rnizzen topmast broke, and immediately after, her malh-topgallant-mast snapped abort oif, close to "tne crosstreea ; then— though' it must havo beon wild work oh those sloping decks — they managed to bring the main aud topsail yards so_uare ; whereupon she paid off, righting a3 her head Rwginr from the gale, and wilh lightened hearts, as may be supposod, thev went to work to let go aud clew up and haul down, whilst von saw how severe was the need of tho pumps' they had laanneu, by the bright streams of water which sluiced from her sides. It was a cruel thing to witness, this sudden wrecking of the beauty of a truly stalely ship, quietly swinging along over tho mild huave of the hwo!1, like a full-robed, handsome princess seiacd" and torn by some loathsome nu raster, as we rend of such matters in old romances. It was like tho blighting breath of _ pestilence upon some fair form, converting little better than a ctrcsse what was just now a prond and regal shape, made beauteous by alt that art could give her of apparel, aod all that nature could impart of color and lustra. CHAPTER VI— Tn u Captain Epsaks again of trf. dkATII suip. I had the first watch on the night of the day on which we loft Tublo Bay— that is. from 8 till midnight : and at two bells— i) o'clock— I was quietly pacing tho dock, full of fancies struck into ino by the beauty of the stars, among which, over the starboard yard-arms, hang the Southern Cross, shining purely, and by the mild glory of tho moon that, though short of a day or two of being full rained down a keen light that had a hint of rosiness iu it. when Captain Skevington came out o the cabin, and stepping up to me stood a nnuute without speaking, gaziDg earnestly right round the sea- TLiero was a small wind blowing- and the ship, under iuli sail, was softly pushing south wards with a nleasant noise as of the playing of fountains coming from the diroctiou of her b" A quiet night, Ecnton," said tho Captain presently. , , Aye| sir: quiet Indeed. There's been a small show of lightning away down in the south-west. The wind hangs steady, but a faint.' , , , 'Tho sort of night for meeting with tho Demon ship, ab, Feuton ? " cried he, with a laiiffh that did not sound perfectly natnral. ! There's no chance oi such a meeting, I fear, | sir." ! "Toa fear?" - j ' Well," I exclaimed, atrncs by hio quick cat- filing npof me, "I mean that aa the Demon Ship, as vouterm ber, in one of the wonders of the world, tho seeing of ber would be a mighty experience— aomothing big enough in that way to keep a muu talking about it all his life." ' God avert such a meeting !" said he, lifting his bat, and turning up hi? face to tlio stars. i suppose, thought I, that our drawing close to the seas in which the Fhantom cruiacs has stirred up his superstitious fears afresh. "Did you speak io# anyoue at Capo Town about Ynnilcrdcckcn, sir ?" said I. "No," he answered. "I had got mr belly- full from the master of tho snow. What is ;bcre to tuk?" 44 Whether others hare lately sighted the t RkPkT( ynS) j might have inquired, certainly, I but it 'didn't enter my head. Tell yo what, though, Feuton, do you remember our chat ' t'other day about bodies being eudevilled after they pass an age, when by the Jatva of great Nature thev should die ?" "i'erfectly well, Mr." " Now," continued he, "I was in company a :fo\v nights since whore tbero was one Cornelius S'.oycr present, a person 91 years old, but sur- t»tsin"lv sound in all his faculties, bis sight pti-rcinV, bis hearing keen, memory tenacious and so forth. lie was a Dutch Jew, but his patriotism '-.vvtn colored by the hue of the flag flying at i CapoCaorls: I mean he would take the King of Groat Britain and the States-Geuoral as tiiey cv.me. When he left we talked of him and this K d u's to argue about old age. One gentiemao Bald he did not know but that it was possible for' a inaa 'to live to 160, and said there were insiVwicus of it. I replied, 'Not out of the Bib.te 1 where tho reckoning was not ours, lie answered, Yes, out of tho Bible and going to bookshelf, pulled down 'a 1 volume and read a score of names of men with their ages attached. I looked at I the book and saw it was honestly written, and being struck by this collection of extraordinary j example.', begged the gout lemurs sou. who was ptesent to copy the list out for mo, which he ' wn< oO obliging &3 to do. I have it in my pocket," said he : and he pulled cut a sheet o? uuper, and then going to the hatch ho called to ibu bov to bring a lamp oil deck. This was doue, the lamp put on the skylight, and putting the paper close to it, the Captain read u» follows : — Thomas Parr, of Shropshire, died Nov. 3d, 161)5, aged 162; Henry Jenkins, of Yorkshire, died Dec. S, 1070, need 10lJ; James Sands, of Staffordshire, died 1770, aged 140; Louisa Truxo, a negiWs m South America, was livfng ia 17U0, and her age was then 176. I burst into a laugh. He smiled too ' and said, " Here iu this list aro 111 names, the , highest being that negross, and the lowest one ! .Susannah HiUiar, of Piddington, Northampton- j shire, who died February I9th, 1781, aged one hundred. The young gentleman who copied i thom laid they were all honestly vouched for. and wrote dowu a list of the authorities, which," :i said he, peering and bringing the paper closer 5 to his eves, "consist ot 'Fuller's Worthies,' i ' Philosophical Transactions,' 'Derham's Phy- slco-Theology,' several newspapers, such ns the Morning Font, Daily Advertiser, London Chroni cle, and a number of inscriptions." I could have been tolerably sarcastic, I dare say. when he meutioned tho authority of the 1 newspapers, always understanding that those j sheets nourish mainly on lies, aud I could have j laughed agaiu had I not been restraiuSU by tho 1 sense that Captain Skevington was clearly ) " bitten" on this subject, actually worried by j it indeed, to sttch lengths that if he did not inind his eye it might presently push into a ! dolusiou and earn him the disconcerting ropu- 5 tatiou of being a madman ; «?o I thought I j would talk gravely, und said, " May I ask, sir, why vou should have beon at the painB to col lect that evidenco iu your band about old ago ?" ' " A mero humor," said he, lightly, putting the paper away, "though I don't miud owning it would prodigiously gratify me if I could bo tbo instrument of proving that men can overstep the bouuds of natural lifo by as mauy year again, and yet possess their own souls and be as truo to their original as thoy were whon hearty young fellows, flushed with the summer colors of life." Some fine rh vines coming into my head, I ex claimed, " Cowley lias BOttfed that point I think, when ho Bays To things iran»rtal tirao can do no wrong.' Ami tlmt wliich uover is to dio for .ever must bo i young.' M. "A noble fancy indeed I" cried the Captain. He reflected a little, and said, "It would make a great noise among sailors, and perhaps all mco, to prove that the mariners who man the Death Ship are not ghosts and phautoms as has been surmised, but survivors of a crew, men who have outlived their fellows, and are now extremely ancient, a these and scores of others who havo passed iiway unnoticed havo been," said lie, touchiug hia pocket where tho paper was. "When, sir, did Vunderdocken sail from Batavia ?" I asked. " I have olwuys understood about the year 1G60," ho replied. "Theu," said T, calculating, " suppose the qvomgn ago of tbo crow to have bunt! thirty when the Curse was uttered — we'll name that figure for the sake of argument— in tho present rear of oar Lord they will have attained tho age ot hard upon 180. ' \\\>H V" said he, inquiringly, as though there was vet food for argument. I lilioou rnv head. " Then,'' he cried, with heat, " they are on- 'levilled- for R nxnec be one of two thing. Thev can't bs dead men ns the corpse in the pi live is uead. One could outy j'mge by seeing with one's eyof." aldl. "I hope that won t happen," ho exclnitno.1, t'ikiug a ha?tv turn : "though I don't know — !. doifi know ' l out thing bore," prossin;; bus brow- ' weighs uouu upon mo hko a waning. I have BtrugglcU to get rid of the iaucy ; bus out being chased by tho Dutchman shows that wo did uot meet that l'!v month snow for nothlog; and by the thuuder of heaven, Featon, I foar — I fear our next bout will bo with the Spectre." . Hi3 manner, his wo¥ds, n gleam in hla eye, to which tho lantern lont no sparkle, sent a tremor through me. He .caused me to fear hiui for a minute aa ono that talked with certainty of futurity through stress of propeihic croze. The yellow beams of the lantern dispersed a narrow circle of lu3ire, and in # it our- figures showed black, each with two shadows swaying at his feet from the comi-dngling of the lamplight and tho moon shine. Tho soft air stirred in tho rigging Uko the rustle of the pinion of invisible night-birds oq tho wing: all was silent and in darkness along the dccKs, savo where stood the figuro of tho helmsman just before the little round-house, outlined by tho flames ot tho btnunclo lamp; tbo Btiline'vs, unbroken to tho farthest corners of the mighty plain of ocean, seemed us though it were some mysterious spell wrought by tbo stars, so high it went, even (so oue might say) a-i a sensiblo presence to the busy trembling faces of those silver worlds. CHAPTER VII.— I Converse with the Ship's Carpentrr adoct 'run Death Shu. And now for s:x days it veritably neemedas if wo were to be transformed into the marine phantom that, unsubstantial a aho might be, yet lay with the heaviness of lead upon Captain fikevingtou : for, being on the parallel o. Agulhaa, a iitxio to tho south of that latitude, and in nbou: sixteen degrees wnst longitude, it came on to blow ireau from tho south-east, hardening after twenty- four hours into a whole gulo with frequent and violent guns, arid a veering nf it. easterly ; aud this continued, with o lull of an hour or two's- duration, for six days, asI havo said. 'Twae a tasto of Cape weather strong enough to last a man a lifetime. 'Tho sea luy shrouded to within a musket-shot by a vapor of alatish hue that looked to stand motion- ess, and ouBt tho walls and along the roof of this wild," dismal, cloud-formed ft chamber with its floor of vaults and frothing brows the wind swept raving, raising a terrible lead- colored sea with head which seemed to rear to tho height of ouilui;«:nt'jp,hvhen.» they brukeoiud boiled hke ft cauldron with foum, gre»t masses of which the hands of the gale caught up and hurled so that tho lashing of the spray was often like a blinding snowstorm, bus soamartlng that tho wind was as if charged with javeilns. We lay to under a Morui staysail, with top gallant masts struck, yard on deck and tho lower yards stowed on tho rail, the hatches battened down and everything as snug ns good soamanship could provide. Our decks wero constautiy full of water ; by one great sea that fell over into tbo waist there were drowned no loss than six of tlm sheep wo had taken iu at the. Cape, with a hug aod many fowls: the car- psntor's leg was broken b\ a fall, ntid an able seaman was deeply gashed in the face by being thrown agniust a scuttle-butt ; .'twas im possible to get any food cooked, and through out that week we subsisted on biscuit, ebcne, and such dry and leau fare aa did not need dressing. Tn short, C could fill a chapter with our - Bufferings and huxistius during that 'period. But on the sixth day tho pale broke, leaving our ship considerably wtnined ; by which time, iu spite of the current and the scud of the sen, we had contrived to nuke 40 niilos of southing aud easting, owing to our pertinacity iu making sail und stretching away on a board at evorv lull. Is'waa rthortly after this, on the Tuesday fol lowing the Friday u» which the guio ended, that, it beiftg my watch ou dock from 3 o'clock in the evening till midnight, I carried my pipe, ; an hour bexote ray turn arrived, iuto the car penter's cabin, which he Rliured with the boat swain, to give the poor fellow a hit of my company, for his broken leg kpt him motion- leys. It was the second djg-watch, a we term the time, 'twix: 0 ' aud 8 o'clock at sea, the evening indifferently fine, the wind over Pbe starboard quarter, a quiet breeze, the ocean heaving in a Iw.y swell from the south, and the ship pushing forward at five knots an hour under fore and wain royals. The carpenter lay in a bunk, west iug a haggard face, and grizzly for lick of the razor. Ho was a very sensible, sober man. a good artificer, and bad served under Lord Howe iu the fleet equipped for the relief of Gibraltar, besides having seen u deal of ciuisiug work in earlier times. He was much obliged by my looking In upon hitn, and we speedily fell to yarning ; he lighted a pipe, and I smoked likewise, whilst I sat upon his chest, taking- io with .a h.ilf-Jook round such details as a rude sketch of the boVn's wife nailed to the bulkhead, the slush-lamp swinging its .dingy smoking flaoic to a cracked piece of lookioir-glasa over agiicst the carpeoter's bed, an ancient, horny copy of the Bible, with type pretty nigh as big as the letters of our ship's naVnc, ft hit of a sue i whorefrom there forked out the stems of some clay pipes, with other humble furniture such as a sailor is used to carry to sea with hsra. After a little the carpenter, whoso name was Matthews, says to me, "I beg pardon, sir, but there's some talk going about among the men concerning the old Dutchman that was cursed last century. My mate. Joe Marner, told me that Junmy — mcaniug the cabin-boy—was tell ing some of the crew this morning that be heard tho captain sa.. the Dutchman's been sighted." By anyone aboard us ? M I asked. " Meb'op, sir, but I didn't understand that.' Now, as every hour was carrying us further to the eastward of the Cape, away frotn the Phantom's cruising ground, and aa, moreover, the leaving gosvlp to make its own \v»y would surely in the end prove more teirifying to the nervous and superstitious on board thau speak ing the truth, I resolved io tell Matthews bow the matter stood, and with that acquainted hitn with what the master of tho snow had told Cap tain Skeviugton. He looked very grave, and withdrew his pipo from his Hps, and I noticed he did not offer to light ths tobacco af.esli. "I'm sorry to hear ibis, sir," 9ays he. fc "But," said I, ' uhsit has the Lovely Nancy's meeting with the Dutchman got to do with us 'i " "Only tbU, sir," he exclaimed, with his face yet more clouded, ami epeaking in a low voice as one might in a sacred building, "I never yet knew or heard of a ship reporting to another of having inct the Dutchman, without that otber a meeting of the Ghost too afore she ended her vovhcc." " If that be so," I cried, not liking to hear this, for Matthews had been to sea for 35 years, and he now spoke with too much emotion not to affect me, " for God's sake don't make your thoughts known to the crew, and least of all to tho Captain, who is already so uneasy on this head that when he mentions it he talks as if his mind wero adrift." "Mr. Fentoo," said the carpenter. "I never yet knew or heard of a ship reporting to another of having mst the Dutchman without that other meeting the Ghost too aforo she's ended her voyage," and thus speaking he smote hi bod hoavi'ly with his list. I was startled by tho eatpharfs his repeat ing his former words gave to the assurance, and smoked in silence. He put down his pipe and lay awhile lo.ikin? at mo as though turning some matter over in his mind. The swing of the flame, burning from the spout of the lamp, put various expressions wrought by the fluctuating uhadows, into his sick face, an.i it was thi«, perhaps, that caused his words to posse>9 a power I could not feign to you by any art of my pen. He asked tne if I had ever, seen tho Dutchman, and ou iny answering (t No," he said thut tho usual notiou among sailors was that there I but one vessel sailing the seas with the curse of Heaven upon her, but' that that was |a mistake, as it was an error in tho same way to suppose that thl» ocean from Agulhns round to the Mozambique was the only place in which thu Fhuutom was to bo met. 'There's ft ship," said he, 4t after tho pattern of this bero Dutchman to be found in tho Bal tic. She always bring heavy weather, and there's small chimes afterwards for any craft that sights ber." "I've been trading in the Baltic for five years without ever hearing that," said I. II But it's true all the same, Mr. Fonton ; you nsk about it, sir, when yon get back, and then you'll sou. There's anotli«r vessel of the siine pattern, that's to bo met down in the mouth of the Channel, 'twixt Ushart and the Sdllie««. and thereabouts. A man t know, called Jimmy Bobbins, saw her and told mc tbo yum. He was in a ship bound bom? from the Snicc Islands ; thev wore iu soundings and bonding round for the Channel ; it \va« the morning watch, inst about dawn, weather slightly thickish ; suddenly a vessel comes heaving out of the smother, frotn God knows where ! Jim Bobbins was coiling down a .rope alongside tho mate, who, on seeing tho vessel, scream out shrill. Hke n woman and falls flat in u swound ! Jim, look ing. saw it was tho Channel Death Ship, a large pink, manned by skeletons, with a skull for a figure-head, and a skeleton captain leaning against the mast, warchinp the running of the sand in an hourtrlass he held. She was seen by twelve other, besides' Jim and the mate, who nearly di«d of tho fright. Ar.d the consequeucc of meeting h:r was that the ship Jim < Bobbins was in was cast away on the following night on the French coast/down Saint Brfbos wuy, and thirty-thres souls purDhcd." (To b'i Continued.) 