THE NATURALIST THE RAVEN. Seebohm, in his travels iu European. Siberia, found tlio raven almost universally diffused throughout Northern Europe, rangipgia3. far North as the valley of the Pctcliora at ' 68 (leg. atitude. It is also spread over North America, but is not seen in Africa or in China and Japan, where a closely allied species (Corvous "Japon ensis) takes its place. It does not breed in tho Scilly Isles, but innfcwplacesnlong the Cornish cliffs. A few pairs may yet be found on sonic of tho Yorkshire fells, perhaps a solitary pair in Cleveland. Like the Red Indians, as man presses omvnrds, the moro do they fall back; As a species, ravens in Great Britain are 'speedily doomed to destruction. They will follow ! tho great auk. The bird's glorious time was during tiierulo of Scandinavia over the seas. The raven was then chosen a3 their standard, and well did the cjraft, the sudden dash, the calculating cruelty of! th bird typo tho Bame qualities in the vagrant .vik ings and their followers who landed suddenly on some defenceless coast, and, advancing, gave all thev met to fire nnd slaughter, while Odin, great All-Father, sat on his throne, with two 'wolves at his feet, two ravens, called Thought and Miml, perched on his shoulders. Many are the. traces of tho raven banner left on tho place— names of the North-east by the Scandinavian roi'ers: — Ravcndalcs, Ravcnshills, Ravcnspurn— swept away now like this old sea valiant raco itself — Ravenstoke, Rnvcnsden, Ravensciciigli, ami tlio liko. "When the bird is extinct these will testify to its old fame. "Will sheep and young par tridges in those not far-distant days still tremblo at tlio thought of tlio black marauder who used to bring a cruel death to so many of their ances tors, just asour children hide their heads- under their clothes as they remember tho names of ghosts and fairies, Bluebeard and Loupgarou ? No more interesting suggestion couUl he made to the physiologist. Much of Foe's fame comes from hispocm, "Tho Raven"— tho Ghastly, grim, and ancient raven, wandering from the nightly shore. Those, who from his own paper on the subject, are aware of tiio genesis of this poem rccogniso in it sound aud little more. It is a fantasia composed on one string ; "nevermore," and tlio words "floor, Lenorc, door, implore, o'er, yore, before" and others are more tonic variations. In short tho wliolo poem is iiko Mnchctli's view of life— as "full ot sound and fury, signifying nothing." The sacred name of poet cannot bo given to a merely musical collection of rhymes and assonances. In reality these arc qnito secondary adjuncts of the poetry, only useful to clothe tho poet's beautiful ideas, which aro en tirely lacking in Tho Raven. Christopher North is, to our mind, much more of a poet when, in proso when once read can never lie forgotten, in that Third Canticle of his Iu His Aviary, ho treats so exquisitely of the raven. Here, at all events, the bird was studied from nature ; an ornithologist's, aswellns a poet's, eyes were upon it, as it croaked from its rockpinnaclo at smelling afar off, tlifi econt.of death before that com- paasiotiate doom had actual))' visited some idling lamb. And vrhose fancy but "Wihous could ever expatiate on the Scotch raven's iniquities thus? — 4 'Certain it is, at least so men say, that .'lie is aware of the deathbeds and the funerali Often does he Sap his wings again door and window of hut when the wretch within is in extremity, or, sitting on the heather roof, croaks horror into the dying dream. " l>ut Nemesis in due time, it may. be after the lapse of a lOOyears (for so long is the raven fabled to life ), lights even upon the long-lived raven. "Dying ravens ' hide themselves from daylight in burying p-aces among the recks, --and. are 6eea hobbling into . their tombs, ns if driven thither by a nock of fears,' and crouching under a . remorse _ that distmbs instinct, even as if it were conscience. So sings and s»ys the Celtic superstition, mutter ed to us in a dreaxoj adding that there are raven ghosts, gieat black bandies of feathers, for even in the forest, night hunting in famine for prey, emitting a last feeble croak at the approach of dawn, and then all at once invisible.'. "We have often thought what grim banquets 1 the ravens of the Black Mountains on the fcorders of Wales must have had in the old days . nvhen perj»etiial warfare was cherished between . ..the Welsh and their Herefordshire neighbors.. . fkfany a' skirmish hand to hand, many an arrow fired at a; chance into the disorderly mob of . - marauders from the other side of the mountains, ; If it did nothing else, left booty behind for the ravens of the mountain side. Their . children still maintain a nrecarions existence among these ' old mountain fastnesses.— Gentlemen's Maga-. fit nr. 