To tlie L,ay Members of tbe Cburcli ot England. Per favor of the Editor of the Protestant Standard. We have recently heard of the establishing in our midst of tbo Guild of St. Albans the Martyr, at a meeting of which very lately, they sang that intenaely popish ditty, " Faith of our Fathers, aud now we have an account of the opening, of a church, by the Primate, dedicated to St. Alban. Turning to tbe articles of tbe Church of England, to which all the clergy are supposed to have sworn allegiance, I find No. xxxv.— Tho second "Book of Homilies, the several titles whereof wo have joined under this article, do contain a godly and wholesome doctrine, and necessary for these ' times, as doth the former Book ofHomilies which were set forth in the time of Edward the Sixth, and therefore we judge them to be read in ohurches by the ministers, diligently and distinctly, that they may be uhderstanded of the people Turning to tho Homily against the " Peril of Idolatry," speaking of tbe time of Constantino it' reads, " yet did they dedicate at that time all churches or templeB to God or our Saviour Jesus Christ, and to no Saint for that abuse began long after in Justinian's .time." For some years past the teaching and practice in the Churoh of England have been much altered and noveltieB have been introduced, and it behoves us all to watoh .events as they take place. Here we have particularly to notice two things— tlie dedication of a place in whioh to worship, to a dead man, called a aaint, contrary to the teaching or recommendation of our Homilies and secondly, in my mind, to a desire to bring the Churoh of England back to pre-reformation times. For your information as to the state of the timeB of Urn so-called saint, I give below extracts from " Froude's Short Studies," Annals of an English Abbey," with a strong recommendation, that you, if pos sible, read it in its entirety yourselves — and thus realise the deep degradation of our mother country at that period, ruled as it was by priest craft. Yours faithfully, ROBERT THOMPSON. 1st January, 1889. " The old English records, in the course of publication under the Master of the Rolls, provide an exceptional opportunity for a study of this kind ; and without farther preface I shall introduce the reader to the Abbey of St. Albans, Hertfordshire— the wealthiest and most brilliant of all the religi- ous honees of Great Britain, the annate of which have been lately edited by tbe accom plished and learned Mr. Ridley, rhe sur viving ruins convey a more imposing sense of their ancient magnificence than Melrose, or Fountains, or Glastonbury. The moral ruin which preceded the suppression— not magnifi cent. but shameful and ignominious— has the advantage of being attested to us by evidence to which the most passionate admirer of the ages of iaith can make no exception. But to this we shall be more properly led by pursuing the course of tbe story. Tbe town of St. Albans, famous in English history for two battles fought there in the wars of tbe Hobos, stands on the Great North Road, twenty miles from London, on the site of the Roman Verulam. The aboriginal British village, was a military post in the time of the Em peror Nero. Destroyed by Boadicea, the works were reconstructed when Britain was finally anbdued, and Verulam grew into a municipal town of wealth and consequence. The preachers of Christianity followed in the track of the legions ; and in the Hertford shire colony was shed the blood of the first English martyr to the new faith. Albanus, a citizen 01 veruiaio, was uuueu uuuoi Dioclesian persecution to give account of his apostasy from the religion o£ tho mnntera.ot . the world, and preferring : Christ to the emperor, was sent to join his Lord by the sword of the exeoutloner. Legend embell ished the death scene with miracles whioh it is needlcBs to repeat. The general fact that a person bearing the name of Albanus was killed at this spot because he was a ohrishan may be accepted as true. When the persecu tion ceased the martyrdom was commemorated by an inscription on the wall of the town. A chnrch was built on the site where the blood had fallen. It acquired a special sanctity, ... 3 3 !- — DAlA«ian nAYlfr/lVAraU WAR thfl ana uunug tuo i - scene of a provincial council. St; German of Auxerre, the champion of orthodoxy against Pelagius, preached and paid his orisons at St. Alban's tomb. A more dangerous enemy than a theorist on the freedom of the will appeared on the scene immediately after. Britain was overwhelmed by a flood of Saxon heathens ; Roman civilisation dis appeared in smoke and ruins ; and of Vernlam and all that it contained, there waB nothing left by the middle of the Bixth century,- but a green rounded hill eloping up from tho little river Ver, where sheep browsed on the un dulating ridges whioh clothed and concealed the wreck of street and market-place. There, for generation after generation, lay unthought of and undisturbed tbe bones of England's protomartyr. The fame of his suffering was revived when Augustine brought back Chris tianity. But Alban himself still slept in his tinknown grave, and three hundred and fifty .Mil rvn f nArlll years 01 ram auu uuuoumo, y: mould and springing herbage, had effaced the last traces of his traditional resting-place. Somewhere under those turf mounds( he was lying. Piety forbode the belief that remains so precious could have perished like common bones. But there was no divining-rod to detect the buried treasure. Only God could reveal where it was deposited ; and devout souls could but wait and pray that in time the myBtery might be made known- A. miracle like that which restored the : cross on which the saviour had suffered, to the adoration of the christian world, discovered in tho fulness of lime the relics of His servant. In the year 758 Meroia, the central kingdom of the Saxon Heptarchy, was shaken by civil disorder, Ethelbald the king waa killed. Beornred who snatched at the throne was defeated and had to fly for hiB life. The manes wiammi consensu elected as their sovereign a youth named Offa, brave in battle and noble in blood, for he was seventeenth from Odin him self. Then seven kingdoms were already tending to become one. Offa was no sooner on the saddle than he began to extend his borders at the expense of hie neighbours, fell into correspondence with Charlemagne — aspired, perhaps, to imitate Charlemagne on a smaller scale, and become monarch of a united England. Aiming especially at secur ing a sea-board, he ' coveted the Eastern counties, and he proposed a match for one of his daughters, with Ethelbert of East Anglia. The proposition wae well entertained, ana Ethelbert paid a visit to tlie-Mercian court to make acquaintance with bis bride. The mind of Offa was set rather oh the territories than the person of his intended son- in-law. His onr queen wse ambitions like Lady Macbeth for her husband's , greatness, and as little scrupulous to the means that she used. She suggested that Ethelbert was in his power, and that there was a shorter road than- marriage towards the annexation of the coveted province. Offa, a professing chris tian, started in horror at the hint of murder, Ethelbert, nevertheless, having entered Off a's castle, never left it alive. Feasted in splen- donir, and placed to rest on a gorgeous bed hung with gold and purple, he was let down through a trap door and smothered below with- pillows. Offa seized EaBt Anglia, and obtained his desires ; but tbe ghost of the murdered Ethelbert haunted his slumbers and made night hideous to him. He shut him self up in his chamber, and refused to take food. Awake he wae haunted by his crime —when exhaustion brought brought sleep, it was to exchange the pain of remorse for the more fearfnl anguish of imagination. At length in a dream, or from the suggestions of bis confessor, he learnt the condition on which he might be pardoned, he must discover the bones of St, Alban,' and raise an abbey in his honour. The sceptical reader will have hie private thoughts on the mode in which the adventure was achieved. In the legend which passes as story, King Offa sent to the Bishop, or Archbishop as he was then called, of Litchfield, to meet him with his brother prelates on the site of Vernlam. It was a summer day, August 1, 793, a year after the murder. Offa then a greyhaired man of sixty or thereabouts, appeared on horseback, attended by his son and hiB thanes. The prelates, marched in procession with banners and oroziers, and long files of priests and monks chanting the litanies. Lightning flashed suddenly out of the sky and struck the ground before their feet with blinding splendour. The bishops threw themselves on their kneeB and prayed. The king and his lords prayed. The spectators who had gathered in a crowd joined in expectant adoration. At length, trembling' with excitement, ' they strike the earth.' 'There' was no jneed of long search, when heaven had pointed to the spot.' St. Alban's skeleton or the boneB composing it, was found entire. Evidence of an earthly kind to identity them as those of Alban, there was none — but none was needed. The celestial indication was itself proof conclu sive. Weak believers, if any such were present, had their doubts dispelled by the powers which the sacred things at once dis played — lame men leapt upon their ears heard— and blind eyes opened. A band of gold was tastenea aDout bb buh .; Alban's name inlaid with gold and set with sapphires and Of£» sot out inataijtly for Row® to impart his discovery to Pope Adrian the First. He oonf eased his guilt for the murder of Ethelbert. He related his dream, and the result of it— Adrian admitted the protomartyr at once on the roll of saints, gave Offa power to found hiB monastery in tuorumpeccatorum remissionem — and promised that it should be the peculiar charge of himself and his succes sors. No bishop, archbishop, or even legate should have authority to meddle with it. On the kings return to England a great council of thanes and bishops was held at Verulam, s x 1 ' 1 — InnSnM tVlO Aral1, flfllho lor me cereuiuuy ua , a number of monks were collected from the best ordered existing houses ; and endowed with broad lands, fenced round with privileges and liberties and exempt from fees and taxes to king and pontiff. St. Alban's Abbey began to be a fact." To save vour space I will now pass on to page 22. Under Abbot Alfric the monotony of ordinary life was broken by ' a curious episode. The special distinction of the abbey was the possession of the genuine relics of the great protomartyr— no one questioned that they had really been dis covered by Offa. A doubt, however, was raised, and it will be seen with reason, whether the shrine of St. Alban, continued to hold them. The abbey had been plunderea by the Danes. The Danes it was asserted were not likely to have left behind the greatest treasure that, it possessed, and tradi tion so far admitted the argument, that in the current story the relics were said to have bees actually carried away to Denmark— and have been recovered by the ingenuity ot a member of the convent. That a band o. pagan warriors should have burthened them selves with a box of bones te not yery probable." It is likely enough that_ tliey stripped the gold from the shrine. Itj8 luat possible that Beeiug the extraordinary impor tance attached to such things by tho monKs, thev might have taken them away intenaine to ransom them. The Danish business at any rate, whether real or imaginary is a necessary feature of the etory whioh is now to be told, and a better illustration could not be found of the respect with wtoch th remains of saints is regarded. Ihey were more precious and more coveted than a nrnnopfv. V6t tll6 OldiUWy TUl© of property did not apply to what it wa- posBible and even commendable to steal. A pretension was suddenly set up by tho monks of Ely that they and only they poBSessedtM genuine skeleton of the martyrofVeruUni, and they had come by it in manner : In Abbot Alf ric'a time half Engtenh had become Danish, and other fleets ; of ID - were going and coming. The abbot hrt reason to expeot a troop of at the to visit St. Alban's, and in resentment ue trick which had been played P nC0 countrymen, might take the re job fc the more. The Ely "e/penetrable. swamps and morasses not e y p friende Abbot Alfric therefore wrote to hm « there asking them to take charg Alban'e loculus till the danger should be over. Tbe monks of Ely professed' themselves' highly honoured by so precious a charge. According to their account the box- was sent, and; tbe ; box war 1 afterwards restored, but it -had been restored rifled,' with a skill of which' they" were not ashamed to boast, of its. sacred contents. They had consigned the bones of tbe real Alban to their own treasure bouse. They sent back to Hertfordshire the bones of a sham Alban, who bad been one of their own abbots. So Ely insisted, and so the world believed, and forgave the fraud in consideration of the temptation. Abbot Alfric however was eqnal to the occasion.' He too_ insisted that be bad played a trick, and a trick still more notable. Hie object had been to throw the Danes off the scent, but be declared that he had never seriously thought of parting with his choicest jewel. He knew the persons with whom he was dealing; ' and had been beforehand with' them. The real Alban bad lain buried all along in a secret place in his own cbapel. The loculus had carried to Ely tbe relics of a common place respectable brother, accompanied, to prevent suspicion, with jewels' which were genuine. The monks of Ely might have made tbe change which tbey pretended, but they hod gained nothing by itand were the parties themselves deoeived. Sic dolori silo dolo pio deccpti sunt Elyenses ; bo to their sorrow, by a pious fraud, the monks of Ely were taken in; Thus encountered, the world who required 8t. Alban'e help knew not to which shrine they should pay their adorations. Edward "the confessor was called in, and gave judgment for St. Alban's ; but who was Edward, and what could Edward know of such a matter more than . another . man ? Tbe Pope was appealed to. (The Pope deoided for the Hertfordshire abbey also), but even the Pope was not infallible; Heaven itself gave an uncertain answer. The St. Alban's relics mrlcedmiracles. The Ely relics replied by other the miracles. Tbe power of self-mnltiplica- rion, attributed by ' modern Catholics to the wood of tbe true cross', would have explained the difficulty, but no one thought of this hypothesis and the controversy raged for two centuries. In the hope of making an end there was at length a formal examination of tbe relics themselves. The Bishop of Lincoln and a commissioner from Ely came to St. Alban's. Tbe shrine was solemnly opened and the bones were lifted out. King Offa had fastened a band of gold about tbe skull. To the consternation of tbe men of Hertfordshire the band was gone, and in tbe place of it a atrip of parchment, attached by a silk thread, on which however was emblazoned in golden characters of great antiquity. Hie est Sanctus Albanus. Ely claimed the ' victory. What now could St. Alban's say ? But St. Alban's was not yet at itB last resource. An account was produced that an artist, many generations before in decorating the shrine, had taken the gold and used it. The abbot of the time discovered what bad been done too late to recover the band, and bad attached the soroll as a substitute. All parties were thus again at Bea. The knot was too intricate for human handB to untie — doubtsbad spread — tbe towns people, and fven tbe moDke of the honse themselves, were beginning to waver, and the blessed Alban himself found it necessary to interfere.: A person of the neighbourhood, one Herbert Duckit, declared that one day when praying at the shrine be felt an emotion of incredulity. He found himself suddenly shrivelled up to the dimensions of an ape, aud returned to bis natural size only when he renewed his convictions. This onght to have been sufficient, bnt tbe assurance was made doubly sure. A soeptioal brother of the house was alone praying at night in the church. The shrine burst open, an awful form strode out of the obscurity and stood in front of the prostrate unbeliever. l'Ecce ego Albanus" the figure Baid. Hie quiesco, Nonne me vidisti de meo feretro exire ? Behold me, I am Albanus — Here I rest. Didst thou not see me issue from my tomb ? " Yea, Lord and Martyr, I did see thee " the monk answered. Hoc de ectiero penitus palam testificare," said the eaint. "Bear witness then, for tbe future, in the face of all men." With these words, Beatus Albanus rediit , in loculum suum. " The blessed Alban returned into his box." 