PROMINENT PEOPLE. ' Eui'Rias Auausr.i Victoria of Germany dues not think it unbecoming to her dignity to personally superintend her nursery, and she occasionally persuades tlio Emperor to puss half an hour alone with herself and tlio royal children, and on such ' uccusioliH dis- misses everybody else from the chamber. J Julie Adolphus of Nassau, who boa become Uuko'of Luxeiihurg, is ono of the richest loyal personages in Europe. Ilo lost liis ' tlifono in JSlill. ami hasisinee resided princi pally at Vienna 'and at Seldoss Holienburg, u beautiful place in Upper .-Austria. -..-Ho became reconciled to tlio Frussiaii Govern ment about two years ago. . Edward JO. Littell, of Cass County, Mich., is 100 years old, has -been three times a Widower, is the father of 23, and counts liis descendants by, tlio hundred. Ho is as hearty and us active as a man of GO. He served in the war of 1842. Tho man who picks up the trains at Queen Victoria's "Drawings-rooms. "..is Sir .Spencer Foiismiby-Faiil. Ire litis been manipulating trains for . neurly AO years; . and lias bccomo bent and . worn . in the service. '. . At the beginning of his present illness tho King of the Netherlands wanted his wife with liiin all the time. His madness liiui now assumed another phase, ami lie mani fests a violent antipathy towards her. The .Sulliiu "of Turkey lifts reinstated tho cooks lie recently discharged because thoy ' wanted their wages. He has paid them one per' cA.lt. Un account, und agreed to sparo their lives. ' " What is the hardest duty of a Presi-. dent?" said a gentleman to Millard Fillmore one iliiy a good while ago. He answered, with a smile ami ushrUg " Making appoint ments." Chaunccy M. Depew never writes .a speed), but ustiully spends a few moments iii reflecting on Ids subject, jotting down u few headings in tho process. It is said that one of the Frcneii novelists is able to repeat from memory every vord he lias written ; ami he is tile author of many liooks. , .lames Stokes, of Ponns Manor, Bucks . County, Pa,,' is 13 years old; weighs ffSOlbs., and is growing heavier rapidly. An American hoy belonging to tlie .work ing class got on to a traincar in. New York tho other day, paid the fare, and seated himself comfortably. When the car be- cuino crowded; a pretentious-looking man, soinewhut in the sure und yellow leaf, entered, spied tho boy, and asked him to get up. "No," replied the boy; " I paid iiiy money; and I'm going to keep my scat." ''Boy/' sahltho man, in a severe and solemn tone; " if your father came into this cur, wouldn't you give him your seat?" "Yon 'bet- your .sweet life I would!" replied tho boy. " I don't ride in no streetcar with no ghost 1" Husband (severely) : " What 1 Moro money ? .Suppose I was dead '.' You would Jiuve to beg ior your cash." Wife (calmly) : " Jt wouldn't be us though I hud never had any practice, sir." .The subscription to tiio AUSTRALIAN .STAR is (is. Ud, por quarter, parable in_jyl- vanco. \ 