MY FA1IEST THE SAILOE. (by -a working surgeon ) 'Why, how toil you expect (o be frte from a few pains, old fellow !' . X said to a regular ancient Sea -dog, whom I used to attend. 1 Here you've been knocking about all over i he "world for best part of a hundred years," I suppose, -and -you can't expect to be fresh and well now.' Well, you see, doctor,' said the old fellow, ' that's wbdt troubles me. lrm — let's see— eighty-four, or five, or six — I'm blest .if I kno w .exactly aud I've hardly known ache or-pain, and it does seem hard, after having a .clean bill . of health so long, to be baying, my crew. on the sick list now,' . ' Why, yon ungrateful old rascal !' I said, as 1 saw the mirthful ; twinkle in the old fellow's eyes, ' There; I'U see what I can do for yon and I did manage to allay the old fellow's rheumatic pains, which in spite - of his grumbling he had borne like a .martyr. . ' X shall begin to think that a sailor's life is the healthiest career in the world,' I said one day as I '.looked .at the fine vigorons old fellow, who had all jbi8 faculties as perfect as a man of five- and-forty. 'You've bad "your share of adventures, though, I suppose 1' . ' Ay, ay, sir, I have indeed,' he said, combing his -thin hair with the waxy end of hie pipe. 'Never in the Royal Navy, were you J' .'Oil,- yes, doctor, I was not always in the merchant service. They tried to get me more than once.' ' What— made yon good offere 1' . Good offers, doctor I No, tbey tried to press me, as they used in those days.' 'To be sore ; yes,' I said. . 'You lived in the days of the press-gangs f ' ' That I did, doctor, bad lack to 'em Why, let me see, it's as near as can be sixty year ago since we came slowly up the Thames with the jade, and after a great deal of hauling, yoho-ing and dodging, we got the old ship into Lon don Docks, after being at sea two year and agoing a'most ronnd the world. - Sick of it I was, and longing to get ashore, for there was more than One as I was wishing to j Bee and get a word with.T-foIka.tan.AR wera as nninnria to get a sight of me ; and thongh a quiesisb, steadyieh sort of fellow, X felt I should have gone wild with tbe bit of work I had . to do, while my mate, Harry Willis, was most as bad. Poor chap ! he's been dead aud gone now this many a long year : had his number called and gone aloft. A good fellow was Harry, and (be rest of that day him and I was knocking about in the ship, coiling down and doing altaorts of little jobs, such as are wanted after a" long voyage, when there's a great cargo aboard. 'One day passed, then another, and another, and mighty savage we were at being kept so long before we could get off ; but the time came at last, and only just taking a few things each in a hand kerchief, we slipped over the ship's side, dropped on to the wharf, and were off. . ' Well being reg'iar old shipmates, yon see, it was only natural that we shonld drop into a little public house that was down Wapping "way, to take a glass or - two by way of a treat, and see about a -night's lodging where we could be together, as it web quite even ing, and we'd . some -way -to -go into the canutry both of -us, and meant to leave it till morning. A nice little place it W&8 ClUBc wolQv & WIIIiri| wUcio ulXv tide' tome up, and -ship after ship — colliers I think they were — lay in tiers, moored bead and stern ; in short, just such a place as a sailor would choose for a quiet glass and a night's lodging, being snng and cosy-looking. Bnt there, for tue matter of that, after a poor fellow's had years at sea, knocking about in tbe close forks'll of a ship, everything looks snng and cosy ashore. . 'It didn't take us .long bargaining about our bed6, -aud then leaving par kits with the landlady, we strolled out and had" a' waik here, and. a walk there till close upon eleven, when I says to Harry, ' I'm = for ham mocks, lad. What do you say J' ' Same as you do,' he says ; aud we turned back meaning to have one more glass o' grog apiece, and then to turn in. It wasn't -far to the honBe, and as eooh as we.got in. sight we began to dawdle slpwly along,. looking at the ships here and there, just seen as they were by moonlight, white plenty of 'em shewed a lantern out in the stream. What's those fellows hanging about out- place, - for V .jsaya Hrry ; . for just' then we come in'- sight of a good score of .chaps waitiog about the onteide of the public, while another peep at 'em sho wed is they were king's men, aud most of 'em had got cutlasses. , « nuM .a moat- house X says ; ' I hope they ain't going tb stop about long.' Not they,' say s . Harry ; 'coma on. So we went .up to the house, and, being first, I was going io, when A tall cbap layB 'a hand on my shoulder, with a Come along, my fad, We've been wait ing for f on.' . « Whatf I says, starting ; lor joet then, for the first time, something shot : through me, as it were, and in that short moment I saw .all that it. meant, and that was, that after years of service in a merchantman we were to be seized by force and dragged aboard a tender, to serve the king, whether we would or no ; for this party we bad come across was A press gang.; "But ! "had -no more time to.think.. Half a idozeu: fellows had tight hold of- me directly, And if I had wanted to straggle, it wonld have been fup iuse. , nwiy w&sa; s w rUr1"® - Like me, he bed seenitall in a momeiit, and as one of the gang laid a band- upon him; he Mashed it off cried me to help himi .and the, next moment ..thsje was ; a .sharp straggle going on— one which ronBed me -to tight ; for it was kneb Wiifigle ;as'ny man wonld . kSge.in fpVihti 'liberty, in fboseg rM times, iWhen a sailor waa .nof..safo lf; he walked tiie-streets of a beaforing town.: . "Hirry- 'ras h ktebng; felfowi' wrtd ngpS'Khhiman . . (rhtoVfly 'dowrvtium tiiree-iweiit qown ffogner. Saitoiir'WtoohBiof.-ihem.'iWrhito.in head etra'ck 'ttiii -stones ia- mbet jaredal blow, Auih'Mm to gUhhy loextimomenthewi np,vHiri. btf(we,» »nd leapedcleanoffihe .wharf .where we ? ituili-'iixht Info tite:iWAter.5i!dQiBh' tilers ' stream all dancing like ' broken lights, .where the lamps aud moon .shone, . and then all was still for. a few moments,, till the Officer of -the gang called to his men to run down the eteps and bring round tbe boat. ' Hold tight by that one,'r he shouted, and the next miiiute, . with -some of his gang, he was paddling about on the look-out for - Harry, who , had. never, as far as we conld see, come , np again hoi the surface. '1 did not want to rnh then, hut stood still, with the men as held .'me, looking anxiously ont for.my pour mate ; for it seemed to me then -that after .all the dangers We two had been, throngh from storms out' in the wide bceari,-' the poor, .follow, yaa to lose his life in siich a way as this — fighting for .his "liberty when he was about to he treated like a slave. It's fine language that writers nee about Britannia rating the . wares, and our .gallant tars and noble seamen, and the deeds they have -done, bnt. they -never 'stop to think of the cruelly -with which those ..brave fellows were treated, dragged ofF. to serve the king in a quarrel that they knew nothing about, while after being forced into the service it was death for mutiny if a poor fellow re fused to obey. 'Things of the ptist, these, and times are altered for the better bow in the navy; bnt in them good old times, there were black doings, and no wonder there were .plenty of mutinies. Here were we, two hardworking sailors, fresh home from' sea, seized for all . the world like blacks, and to he made slaves of for years to come, whilst people were -always boasting of the land of the free. . Thank goodness, some iff those things are better' now, and it was time that they , should be, for I saw enough of a ship of war in days to come. But it was not to be then ; for when, after a minute or so, there was no sign of poor Harry .the blood' seemed to rise up in my eyes, and in a savage fit of passion £ wres'.ed myself from the two men who held me tightly; for i had : been standing quiet, and they were taken up with the doings nf their jmate8> and. did not expect that I should make a straggle for it now. So I twisted myself free, hit out right and left, and tumbled one fellow off the wharf into the water, and then, before anybody could stay me, I dashed off. But I was not free yet, I had to pate the steps, from which two of the gang.ran to stop me ; but I had good way:on them, and as one of them made a blow at me with a cudgel, X came down upon bim like a ram, tumbled bim over too, and then wee racing along the street .with half a d«zen of the gang shooting and running after me like mad. It was' a hiard ran thai, np one lane and down another, hard as I conld tear, with tile hot breath, panting out of my chest; aud a burning feeling strong on me, as if Fd swallowed live coals. But it was for liberty, and the thought of what wonld follow if X was caught -made me dash on faster every . time I felt ready to sink aud give in. "Whenever I looked over my shoulder I could see one or two -of the gang after .me, but atiast there was only one, and bim it seemed as if X couldn't tire ont, for there he always w8ju8t about the same distance behind, taking step for step. with me. We were neither of us going fast now for want of breath, and 'he perspiration ran down my face ; but every time I tried , to shake him off it Beemed no use, and every time I turned round to I.'.Ip iknsA nmo efill finntinff mn down like a dog; X tried donbling him down a court,but he was close after me; turned down one streetand np another, bat there he was still ; and the more X tried the closer he semed to get to me. Well, this seemed, to - make, me savage, and my teeth got gritting to gether, and as I knew that he was the only one now, having ontrnn , all his mates, and must be as tired ..ont: as 1 was, I said to myself, 'If he takes me, he'll have to fight for it' Then I inn down another cohrt .which turned off to the right again directly After, and then came a horrible disappointed feel ing, for I saw that I -was in a trap;' and when I remembered" the cudgel' the press-gang; man had, it. seemed. as .-my chance was gone, for there was no way ont" at' the- bottom of the -conrt. People think quickly at a time like this, and in .a moment I wsb hid behind a corner,- and listening to the -patter of thesailorVfeet ashecamedownthecourt. Next moment I put all the strength I bad left in the falojw I fetched bim aside his head ; down he went with his head upon the stones, and, jumping over him, I ran out lo to "tbe street and felt that I was free. ' I was sorry for ihe prisss-gang chap as soon as I had hit him ; but. duty or ho duty, the men then were a deal to fond of setting other poor fellows into the same scrape as themsel vea, and as I felt I, was free, my breath. seemed to come easier, and I went along the streets at a gentle .trot, till I knew: that I mast be rafe. I wasn't going to stop in London jany more; so I made my way, late as it was, to the Great North Rosd, and daybreak found me trudging wearily, along between the pleasant hedge rows, thinking very sadly about poor Harry, who came from, the next village J to mine in Hertfordshire, and turning ;j it .over in my mind how I shonld tell j hid poor, old folks about their lad being drowned at home here when trying to ; get clear of Ihe press gang, lb seemed to bard, and I'm -Afraid I stid mote', than one .queer thing, against the'king. : and, a11 his Barvice as I - trudged along home wardB ; .but, in spite of all, the mncmrirr «trnD ftrt ihrtfthl'. Anil ftllflflrr. the country looked sy green 'and. sweet, and the birds, sang so, (hat I cuuldn't feel down-hearted long; while, having -no; frifto-carry," I got fast over the'gronnd, only ' (topping onto' to have' a .'good hearty-breakfast a t a road-tide p a blip house; mod .early that afternoonl was atbbmO. '' ; ! " Fu(, hct going to keep you Jong now, wbile as to the fuss -made over a .sailor at JmMeaf ter ,a loog voyage,. that's a matter pf course Next dsy I started Otttewalg sixmuea to riarrya ipeuui ;to.itoikm!the Bad rOPW? J and a hard jobtimt' ifor Jthey. _,were-»ice Old phople.i ' and -oft a better class'— the old'iffiahaffitfg" Wbff of fart»h1te\ .lyay-tted, as; Iw jAtBrwHBypoVm 4here;iwias -<plsnty; for..- Efonry. ;to ; do homb, ohly he - would go to «ea; - ' Four I oi&"'ai&«?,lT: tiibhiht, dtiw" hetae 1 ready to' turn back, for X felt that I couldn't tell the old folks the bitter news. . Last of all I stood resting on a stile, (bihking.it oyer, and going through the whole scene — even seeming to hear the poor fellow's cry as he leaped right into the water. It was only after a hard fight I could wind myself up to the right pitch, when, for fear that my heart should foil Again, I ran hard right up. to (he little place, and walked into the kitchen where the old folks were sitting at dinner. 'News of Harry P they both cried, jumping np; and then they read it. all in my blank face, and the poor ..old woman was down on her knees sobbing, 'with her apron over her head, and the old man trying to comfort ber. They didn't ask no questions, and ihe words all seemed to stick in .my throat as. I tried to speak, and ray that, after all, it pmiglit not be so bad as I felt sore it was!. Last of all, with a regular wail, the .old lady burst ont— Dead— dead— dead 1 Oh, my poor — poor boy !' 'Not this time, mother,' shouted a cheery voice, and X got such a slap on the back as nearly sent me on my nose,and I says, says I — Well, if that's Hary's ghost he's a regular down right hard hitter.' . ' How did 1 manage it!' says Harry joet half an hoar after, as we were sit ting at. dinner, except the old lady.who would wait on us, so as she conld get .behind Hal now and then, and have a stroke at his curly hair — ' how did I manage it? why, I. jumped right slap off the wharf. Well, I saw that,' I rays. ' And then I dived till I felt about choked, when I thought Fd rise, and I came up against what I'm sure was the keel of . a brig, - but I kicked out again and came up t'other side.' ' What, dived right under the brig V I saya ' I ain't a marine, Harry.' . ' True as you sit there,' he says ; 'and then, as I conld hear the ging shouting, I let myself float with the tide dowo through the shipping ; and I got nearly jammed between two schooners. But after a bit I worked myself through, and now swimming, and now easing myself along by the anchor landing-place between two great ware houses, and crept up the slippery stone steps dripping like a rat ; and then, to tell the truth, I forgot all about you till I'd tramped half way where I stopped and went to bed while my thingB were dried for me ; when -I went fast asleep and slept for hours till too late to go on home. And this morning, so as not to be a bad shipmate, I came through S iathton village, and told yon know who that you was took, for I couldn't face yonr old people.' \- 'You told Lucy as I was taken T I says, jumping up. Yes,' he rays, (I did.' Bat I didn't wait to hear no more; for I ran out of the bouse like mad to go and prove that I was not taken, for . somehow or another Fd felt too bashful to go to Southton, though X meant to have gone that day ; while when I got there Lucy had gone three miles to comfort, as she thought, my old folks. But X needn't tell you any more about that. It was a narrow escape, thongh, for I . met several fellows after who were pressed that very night, and it was five years before they got their liberty again.' 