SKETCHER. A STRANGE SECRET. It was late one night that I was suddenly summoned to attend a stranger who lay dy- ing at a neighbouring inn. As soon as I saw the livid, haggard face, I knew there was no hope for him. He had a swarthy face like an Italian, lit by dark, piercing eyes, and his forehead was painfully marked with rigid lines, left by profound mental sufferings. I was about to administer an opiate when he throat aside my hand impatiently. 'I want you to hear my confessian first,' he ex- claimed. 'I shall detain you but for a mo- ment.' 'I am a physician, not a clergyman,' I answered, gently. 'Nevertheless, I beg you to hear me,' he persisted. 'Quick! quick! there is no time to lose, his eyes flashing with a fitful lurid lustre. For one in his condition 'humouring' was the best treatment. So, first seeing that the securely closed, I sat down to wait till the delusion he was under as to the nature of my office had run its course. 'I shall not trouble you with a long history,' he began. 'In my early life I was a soldier, and a brave one, I may add without boasting, for had I not vowed to win rank and fame for the sake of one of Italy's fair daughters, who had secretly pledged me her love? Such an incentive would have inspired courage even in a coward's breast; but the Castellos were never cowards! 'At last I felt that I might, without blush- ing, present myself before Giuletta's relations and openly claim her hand. 'Impatient of every moment's delay I flew to lay my hard-won honours at her feet. But, alas, what tidings awaited me! In my absence Giuletta's fnmily had forced her to many a dissiolute young noble, who coveted her fortune, not herslf. She survived the cruelty but a little season, for within a month she drooped and died, the victim, I doubted not, of a broken heart. 'I would have hurried back to the field and sought death there, but the war was over. Tho church offered another refuge from the world, now grown insupportable. I became a priest, and in time an attache of one of the cathedrals. 'One night I entered a confessional facing one of the outer aisles, that I might be ready to hear, as was my custom, any chance peni- tent who might come, as many did, to dis- burden his conscience under cover of the dark- ness. 'Several came and went, and when at last, at a late hour I was on the point of retiring, believing my work finished, a step approached and entered the compartment on the other side of the lattice. 'Of course my lips are sealed against re- vealing what I then heard. At the close the penitent started to withdraw. A quick move- ment brought me to his side. Seizing his arm I turned him round suddenly to face him. We stood in the aisle in the dim light of one of the large windows. I threw back my cowl. He recoiled, shivering as if he had seen a ghost. 'Luigi Castello!' he gasped. ' 'Ay! Luigi Castello!' I echoed. ' 'Is your purpose to denounce me?' he asked, in a voice that was tremulous with terror. ' 'What I have heard I have heard under the seal of my sacred office,' I replied; 'I dare not disclose.' 'He breathed more freely. 'I have given you absolution,' I continued, as my eyes, attracted by a sparkling light, fell on the jewelled hilt of a dagger at his girdle. ' 'I humbly thank you, father,' he mut- tered. ' 'As far as lies within the power of the church, you are now prepared to die,' I added. ' 'Heaven grant it,' he replied. ' 'Amen!' I answered, and snatching the dagger from his belt I sheathed it in his heart.' ' The last words were uttered almost in a shriek and the sick stranger fell back insen- sible. The restoratives I administered only brought partial return of consciousness, and before the sun had set the troubled spirit was at rest. Some years later in travelling through taly, I was shown in one of the grand cathedrals the spot where the body of a nobleman had been found one morning pierced through the heart with his own stiletto. 'He was a very wicked man,' said the old guide, 'suspected by many of having poisoned his young wife whom he married for her money.' The guide remembered, too, a melancholy young priest who had disappeared shortly after, none knew whither, but it was evident the circumstances had never been associated with the nobleman's death, which was com- monly attributed to suicide. 