Vff- fis'u nd a y- s er'vrc'e's. ;?! !' ' i CHRIST -'CHURCli;' i " Sunday being Whit Sundny, tIio Rev. E. A.- Crawford iKCHce'd upon the words of Christ— -"I; will pray; the, Father,, .and He,' will give you! another 'Comforter, that'He may abide 'with youi for; ever." ; As our Lord's Asconaion was com-; pared'to'the flowering'of a' plant, so 'the Peiito- 'cbrital gift of the Spirit is like the friiit bearing which succeeds. Pentecost was oriaihiillv a' Hnrvost Festival, mid it brought to the Christian Church ii ' harvest' of ' spiritual blessings. The title " Comfoiter " as applied to the ' Holy Gliost would -he better translated' "Advocate." It moans duo sumrii'oned to plead a cause, to' Tender .assistaiice. Sometimes tho best 'work: the Holy Spirit can do for us is to cause us sharp pangs of conscience. We are very fond of com-i fort, but we very often' require the very, opposite. Our hearts require to be broken, iu order to bo 'un acceptable offering to God, and: this tlio Holy Spirit' accomplishes by showing us ourselves as we are— often a very unpleasant sight to our eyes! But the work of the Holy Ghost 'is also' that of a Comforter, to cheer us and encourage us .when we are in the right way. ' " ' l'RESBYTERIAN CHUltCH.' ,..The;Rev. Dr. M'Cay, preached on Sunday; morning from Matthew 7th chapter, 24th and; 25th verses— " Everyoiio, therefore, wiio heureth these words of Mine, and dooth tliem, shall be likened unto a wise . man, who built his house .upon the rock ; and tho rain descended, and the, floods came, and the winds blew and heat upon that house j'and it fell not, for it was founded upon the rock. And everyone 'that heareth these words of Mine, and doetli them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, who built his -houso' upon tho sand, &c.;" In founding the Kingdom of .'God,' Jesus ' commences His ministry by .-affirming the eternal supremacy of moral law. -He lays down as a first principle that the Com mandments of God are to he obeyed by His 'followers. His words unfold their spiritual meaning; and He declares that men will be able to'stiind in tlio time' of judgment, only if they; do them.. Their characters' and lives must lie built up in harmony with their requirements.' By :. a comparison drawn from tlio conditions, to be fulfilled in building a house, in order to ensure its: safety, Be puts in .clear light, tlie: necessity of the condition's of safety being ful filled in the moral and spiritual sphere. - He ex posed the liollowness mid vanity of the prevail ing religion ofthe' time by pointing nut that it tolerated in practice and in theory tlie lowering . of -the moral standard, and accepted external and occasional servicts as a substitute/or real devotion to God and self-denying service of man. The inexecrable action of physical laws lias been appallingly illustrated recently in America, nnd our Lord's teaching authorises us to infur that the moral . laws of tho universe will not spare those who fail to comply with tho appointed conditions; of safety. Tho Sermon on the Mount is, indeed, not the whole of Chris tianity, "but it is an essential part of it, nnd we must/ not venture to ignore its teaching, pr ovnc'iiate it- of its meaning. The Kingdom of Heaven roust bring holiness to its subjects in tlie condition of their blessedness. Jesus came for this end, nud therefore Ho wbb able to open Hia mouth with blessings, promising to thoBo. who were, consciously destitute of moral and spiritual wealth, who mourned under a sense of sifif ./abd . hungered niter righteousness- of life thattheyjwouUl find iu Himself the fruition of their/desires. - ' ; tv: 