VANISHED EMINENCES. (lUII-Y M11W6.) tlw* rtrmuirl mid fnll R.'itl « Lot us ml upon tlio ground anu ton eau stories of tho death of kings,” says quo of Slmkespoaro’B characters. .The invitation is ap propriate to tho clay, though not so appropriate)1 as ill tho time of Richard III., 1 hough monarchy liaro Buffered violent deaths sineo then, it 1ms not boon tho rule that they should bo deposed or "slain in war,” or “ haunted by j tho ghosts thoy have deposed,” or“i)Oisonod | by their wives, some sleeping killed, all murdored,” As for Royal suieido, it has in rocont times become compare - tively rare, A savago monarch whom wo worsted at Mugdalu blow out his brains in tho agony of his misfortune. In this respect King Tiicodoro uncouscioualy displayed the spirit of Frederick the Great, who carried about with him in tho Seven Years* War a pill which would, if necessary, justify his boast that ho would novor bo taken alive. Ilis luck, howovor, was butter than that of tho ill-fated King of Abyssinia. Nearly two years ago tho King of Bavaria voluntarily sought oblivion in tho Lake of Stnrnsborg. Of his insanity there was oven less doubt than thero has been of that of othor princes who have trilled with lives that woro not their p.wn, Princo classes. Certainly thoro lms''been no little suieido among Continental olllcers lately. That in tho cold law of averages a Royal victim should bo counted in would probably not have surprised tho author of tho “ History of Civili sation,” Tho. sensation of shock that has unquestion ably been caused by tho Archduko’a death is of course duo ill groat degree to tho emiuent position ho tilled. His was necessarily a con spicuous tiguro, sineo, apart from any indi viduality of its own, it was that of tho ap parent heir to tho Austrian throne. When such men bo suddenly disappear, it is as if tho familiar features of somo landscapo had been oblitoratod by volcanic agency. Thoy aro vanished eminences. Our awe at their pre cipitous disappearance is partly duo to that, and partly to our helpless speculations as to what may ho thopoiiscquonces, or ns to what other alterations in tho earth’s surface will sur prise us next. Wo have lmd inhny such sur prises lately. Although tho Emperor Frederick’s death from cancer so soon after Iris fathor died was in tho cud quite anticipated, tho first reve lation of tho prospect of that death was dis tinctly one ofThoso surprises. Moro akin to tho event at Mcyorling was tho Princo Tmperiul’s death, not in the nature of its violence, of course, but in tho facts that ho did dio by violenco, and that tho nows come upon everybody with appalling suddenness, and that in hun wore centred tho hopes of a dynasty. That event again recalls tho death, by a fall from hia carriage, of Louis Philippe’s son, tho Duko of Orleans, in 1842. Though unliko thoso two princes, tho Duko of Albany was neither heir nor protondcr, his death also produced by its suddenness tho_ muuo peculiar sensation or shock, intensified in this country by tho near ness of his relationship to our Queen, and by tho respect and confidence ho had in spired in tho people by Ilia woll- spent life. Hardly Ices sudden than in all theso cases was tho bluuk caueod by the doatli of the Princo Couaort, It may therefore bo men tioned among tho painful surprises which in our times death Tula sprung upon us. Tho Princess Alice’s death ranks with all of thoso in tragic interest, and above most of them in pathos. Napoleon the Third’s di&ippearanco; from tho ■ map of Europe practically occurred at Sedan. That surrender took away tho breath perhaps more than any ovont which can bo recalled in modern roinimsconce. Hie death, as lias been somawlicro said, was after this, but an anti climax. Tho sad fate in Mexico of Princo Rudolph’s undo, tho Emperor Maximilian,'is linked in association with tho unfortunate Napoleonic- name. Of inoilom ussaeBmutiops iiono equals in during and -horror, or in its paralysing effect upon tlio civilised world, tho murder of tho Czar, Alexander II. If tho sudden vanishing of eminence, duo to rank, bo impressive, us wolL proved by tho Ar~moupuuur-urJcue events m our' umes abovo recalled, it is certainly no luss startling whan men eminent by their own merits uro removed at a blow. ^ Tho names of two Presidents of tho TJnitod States W’ho ,havo succumbed to tho violoneo of tho assassin within tho memory of tho presont generation will at onco leap to tho reader’s mind, us well os that of our own Indian Viceroy Lord Mayo, and of that bravo English general tho linro nf T.nnVnnu- wlio. thnnr/n hn niil nnf Ylm Hero ol .Lucknow, who, tliough ho did not dio by tho nssiiSBtn’B hand, was almost as suddenly lost to his country. Sir Robert Peel’s death was like those to which wo have roferred in tlio senso of sudden void which it created ; and in this country at least tho fate which in u similar way overtook Bishop Wilber forco nmdo a profound sonsation. Those are some of tho conspicuous ligtires suddenly ro moved in recent times. Others will occur to tho memory of individual readcirs. If wo include among our vanished eminences all who have hud the eyes of tho world turned for tho moipcnt upon tliemj tho namo of Lord Frederick Cavendish will not bo forgotton. His violent oud made tho public hold their breath as much as any of tho sad oveuts hero recorded. Nor can it ovor bo forgotton in tho lives’ of tho present generation how tho world in thrilling . suspenso a waited tho issuo of that wonderful Nile expedition, which camo within touch of I Khartoum only to hear of tho noblo death of h o gallant hero, Gordon. 