A SPIRIT. reore you WMoEo Ralph Atwood's young daughter, chau Ervlyn, 00 oaway from him mitt a fashionable of r city man, who hod been hanging about thue slee place for w long while, the shock to her father fees was very terrible. 01 Ho was one of a type common enoogh in New How England.rare elsewhern; a man of education, feeli who cared nothing for the prizes of this world. If hti wanted more money than bhe hid, it was said merely toodd new books to his library. There hoo he spent all the time that he could spare from 1 the small farm, which brought him, year in and " yearenooueoogh tolinnon. The hoase, with "W its qosint old fornituro, hod holonged to the seen Atwoods in ereolutionary times, and wo II miraculously preerred, having been built of un- him ua'olly good material, bht it was small and lour plain. thei He did agreat deal of the out-of-door worlk "ca with his own hands, and his doaughter, who had rece lost her mother in infancy, did all that was doul needed within. It was whenoshe wasspreading hab linen to bleach upon the rtss that the man who destroyed her happiness trat oawher; and lady she was pretty enough to make any one linger istro to gone; fair and youg, aol very groreful. nsp Her futher thooghal her on pare as a hahy, and T ns innocent of all knowledge of sin; and when no.us the truth burst upon him, it crushled him, mind, body, and one mnight have fancied, soul also. a vs IHe was ill for a long time, and during this time T he leased his place to a Joung moan who had the just married. keeping only the little end room witl ooers his looks were, and where ho had had if a in lad plieced. ome Thouegh he got about agai, H his enoegy carj seemle gone but I lierve that ho still boped tro thathis Ecry ould return to eim some day, ssea until nets of herdeoth reached him. It wasws eat short,Fad story. The man for whose sake she ing had left her home had beeno fond of her for a little while. Ile dressed her in lace and velvets, fon aI g.ave iher jewels to wear and money to I spendl. Then his fancy took another flight, and not he neglected Evelyn. Onel day her bonnet and ISo a prrasol were found by the rsiver' edge. This the little note mwas pinned to them. Iteasdireted so. to the man who had been so cruel to her: see at "TYou will be gli to be rid of me, for you s love me no more. Will you tell mny dear, good doe falther that Iknow a dead trouble will not be so cos hardl to bear as a liviog shame, and that I hops sai he can forget me. Erraos." wa oil, I shall never forget old Atwood's face ien sil he read that letter. I was practising medicine the in Grecbhorn at the time, and I thlink that I ` kept him from dying then. My wife was very of, sorry far in, asond we did all the little things we - couldto makhehic comfortable. but he cared E for nothing. Life had lost all interest to him. And in this condition we left him whien weeon moved to Boston. Ho seemed so hopeless, so0 de lonely so utterly without ant oyject in life, fob that Ie ould not hot fool that deonth onoid he for he, him a release from snlfering. However, hwher Snot permitted to dclie, while men who longed to lire, and whose existence seemed necessary to He others; were smitten down in their prime. One day, to my surprise, I met him in the street. Iecwas thin ond morn, hot the dull look hhd vhangvl for on ofnwoxitement. He grapspd my hamd warmly. ctoo "I haven't forgot your kindness, .Doctor, tohe he said, "I have not, indeed. And Mars. e \- , I hope she is well." a I answered that we were both in good ieolth, and intquired how long he had horn in New York. lie S"Two months," h answered. 'Two e monthe. They norm Os tong. Sn conch has I~ happened. Ishoulh like to cllyou esaoti it, f hut it is so noisy here, and it agitatles me too moch." son "Come annd take ten with us;' I said, " and we can hare a long talk." a " Why, how hind of yoe," Ihe anwered. I "Bless my heart, how kind people are, and how gaoo Hooves te. Why, when despair seems to cm e draw a darkourtain ahoutaou for erer, suddenly there shines a light, a-why, omy dear, dear C friend. you don't half know how good God is to us." pr -He took both ourhands and pressed them. It "Igo out so much," he said. " lond y, d Wednesday, Friday, Saturdlay, and Sunday mc afternoons. How lucky that this is Tuesaday. a I havreit to give to you. I'll come." He squeezed my band, let it go, and hurried ti away. I was great puzzled, and when Ireachleed i home my wife shored my astonishment. Old Ralph Atwood, who haind farmnedhis little Ris land so simply, who had lived such a quiet life tO and spent his leisure time in reading works on r- which he could not even talk to his uneducated at neighbours-a man who, after his wife died, th of loved one human heing on earth, his daughter no at -a man on whom a erushing grief had fallen di r- so heavily that his labours in the field had he- - as come too hood for eim, and that whon I left ro ad Greenhorno he hod told me that he cotuld tand w Is no distlraction in his favourito volumes, since on ly every poge he turned the name of his daughter il of Erelyn and her sad history alone seemed m re written. ti o e This man, eager again-with engagements for m ed certain evening in the weekl-hopeful, ad, i id above all, with such faith in the goodness of tf re God; fornoverery religious, the trouble that to sy had befallen him had seemed to make him so at utterly doubt the goodness of God, or that we y' st were moreo tlhan the sands of the desert, or those in flakes of snow that melt as thcey fall to earth. hi re "What onit beo? What an it b o" my et wife repeated. But we coulid not explain the so or matter, and were obliged to wait until Atwood cc orriveeL e was prompt, homever, and camewo into the rom mwith a smile on his thi, old Ince m he His manner was more genial than I had ever A ct fancied it could ibe; he shook our hands nd warmly. qs tts " You are looking very well, Mr. Atwood," re og saidmlily wife. he "You notice that " he sacid. "Ah 1 well, if In life is a very different thing to me now. I will n- tell you all about it It is wonderful; so sw wonderfult that I cannot believe my own th senses sometimes, and I am not sure that I n can make you believe me. Still, with proofs at a- hand-" le He stopped sad smiled, andt crming the I goe room, stood tefort an ecgrviDg of Mary at the ce tomb. ro lo is not here, for He is risen," hoe said. er The tears were in his eyes, but he wiped them l g. qo'aysuicky. i . h We ot doanto tea. When the little maid od was gone Atwoodlooked at uso earnestly. pt " Friends," he mid, "yon are good people, n at and you are people who think. Doctor, you of know of such mattcers. Do you believe me a at sane man ? Do I seem rational to you" " Assuredly," I said. ly "I feel myself to hbe s," said he; "but I o re will shake your faith in me in a few moments, he when I tell you that my dead daughter Evelyn b it hbasreturnedto me, asplpatble a presence as in a is her life. I have not only seen her, but spoken ify to her, tacheml her, held her in my arms. My io friends. I swear itto yro." in- Weaid othing. It as plain that this was eft true to him. He wenton, an " You know that books which treat of the pc- suo sntturval-what ene cll the supernaturral e, ern always iwerestio g to me," he weld. "I g all never doubted the stories told by IKerner of the a be Seeress of Prcorst. Bleeuso I did not under- f be stand a thing gave me no right to call it false. Who is it that ays, 'If a mo beliered only wof hwt he could eomprehenodhennould believm I ol. notlee in Hod,. ia himelf, in the taoo whih o iert rolledrahovo iTis wacl, or the hertag which isto d; teehed he neath hit feeti' flat after my I dh sgcattkelt ead Ynothiu do rtyntk taned th- to tei asmas my bed hoar hyhoor, dlonbtibfleod cc0 tbnraroehcomoldanot et mndie. Cscotto l ho ge down into thae w adod lie thneosait, thas .ar. leaseflifousiom.hoorL OnedayIfoeacd a emy popeeahere. Prm foreim of ah(itI pineAd it rot, op. it was a apist tintic pcp v e thI n the yoo tlare. Thee wa snoae o oot h naherl- I has I cing seaner that held an Ipet-h asod." irty- Hepoos~ec. Myw~rife had tamed red and on polerinaemonct. tfelt wect dden emtoisonof irritation. Thisnwaswhatho was mingOs. the "htatanheaid.o oitegat me,. "no I hve rith whacheod you. tao do think nee mad now. non Welt, myferiendt,I wonnot hiamn yon; holt let was at tell pan that that old onwspoper has theI ehangedreth traveafeeme. theptit. t tied nomes tofleston. C went is Iho hnoue-that olar hiemed homse. g-t-." He gaysa each of no ao haond. heAsnady "I my Evelyn there. gtb- Tee, doea frinads, it is reon all tror. She whe has tolued me tho hns teld me that who lon Ion hme Why, it islnoting s dine-nothing. stin IVo ore the roan as a worn en, only thenm is no trolein thon, or any parting. Tere, it is tine, this mateinalisatien." gtnwnsoplstntyieole is him. tiwaslam~e ss hnerihlonndrootwadnoeplion 'that my cool as t iaoened wvithin me. reh, na tdoun yo antil" Cnohd. tt"rirled row- fast, over o'hlah the celatins an drama in an hauseo and t s phisdiawrom tas dash is woe say ( te I ohingp tainlyl" :hey '~ No,we," h ewaid. ,"I re Evelyn, nod ia- ho hos teld me thingu an other roold k~now; hot of ko' who noed is play is the hidte obmet in lard my tihroey, hneedngn h'r layt then t tt her :olin anmther's pericait, wellch who nerd is Her befeom g~i te nhiemntehtgal1o1theaoerioo tonteoofrmm oo- Paloctiwo that the minister- gseo her; of tho tuny timao hird flewr in at tho windown, nod preobed tog open hwr bohlder. Ohlitrlya Ecoyn Alfa C~ m onld not roaliso it; hot wow-" Ho pro- paoeniodandipped his tem. "Thiistths feat cea I hacolantod for womo time," he said. - " Ii refreshes me greatly. Ihave not muoeb money, yen know, and these mediums are obliged to oharge rather heavily, from a poor man's point tl of view. I live ron bread and water, and I sleep in a ery miioeak'n lodging to earn eys'' fees; otwhat dollaeif IfeanseeiEvelynl" Oh, how cruel! te deception was. I thoughr flaw those dccet!ers preyed on the tenderest feelings of the himan heart -Cons' to.morroew enening. door. friend," said Atwool. "Yonawill see I npeakfrosa knowledge.".. Y e,, I1 wllgo with yon," I said. "And then yos will beliee," he anoawered. "We oil! not talk aboot it sntil you hare seen.* Itewas late next evening when I went with l him to the housoe of the medium. In the par lour was a smiall assemblage of people, who took their places in a doubde seminirole absot the "chabinet"-a curtained wardrobe set in a recess. There were rusyrotble people and doubtful people amongst them. The regular habitnis hailed Atwood in friendly fashion. " Ie is greatly blessed," laid a mild old lady at my aide. " Ilis daughter is a rvery strong spirit. I wish my hhband would come m,. plainly, but I never see his face.' Then a sharp, eager face was thrust between M. "Matilda came illuminated last night," said a voice. " How I reojoiced! " Then the face was gone, fora hush was upon thearoom. AoarseatronAgwomn hadentered, withdrawn the curtains froo the 'soonet, osked if anyone wanted to exasmine it, and permitted me to roter. My ongero, in passing over the carpet on the. for, ldetled the hing's of a trap-door; but I said nothing. We took our seats, the room wans darkened; the medium entered into the aebinct, and a stragesqucak ing noice proceeded from its depths. " Yellow Pigeon the Pawneee," we were in formed was addressing nus. He was an Indian, and he talked like a dime novel savage. Finally he consented to appear. Something like a feather dulster waved between the curtains, and we were told that he had done so. I had been to these places before; I hlad seen all that followred-the usual gleomof white at the entrance of the abinet; the rag doll on a stick that was supposed to be the soul ofa departed infant; the medium, in theatrical costume, with a "Hullo! my hearties," as a sailor boy, drowned years before. My blood s boiling within me, when suddenly all was silent. We we' asked to sing. We sang-to drown the rsoundl of something else, I knew-wo sang, "Shall We gather at the P.River," to the squak ofan elosdssn. Then the bo tains parted. A roles raids "Father, dear fotheo." It was EIrlyn'sooiec. Th lifghotgwnl tileatronger. I raw Ecelyn's fce The curtains ported; she slipped out, clad in shimmering robes that dnopod her as a statue is draped, in clinging folds, her white feet hare, her while arms hare, her fair hair falliog to her oiset. " Erelyo ! The old nman had hastened to the cabinet. Ho held her hand, and caraessed it. "Come here, my dear friend,". he said. " Do you doubt now l" Dobt ! ty heart for a moment eemed to atop behting. Then I odood beside hi's. I touchedthe hand he held. It was no ghostly hand. I felt warm breath upon my chebk. I touched hair that grow on a living head. I cla'ped her about the waist " Yes, that is Evelyn Atwood." I said. Suddenly the liglhts were all put out. In thel darkness I felt a man grapple with me. Happily I am powerfully built. I made my way to the door. My cloak was on the hall rack-a military sort of oserecat, with a cape. I srapped it ohout the girl, who clsan to me, and eads my way into thle street. Our cab was at the door. I pult the young reature into it "Let no one come near the carriage," I naid. "Thrust me, yer honour," replied the 'oachman. I went beak to the house. I had taken the prcaution to come meed. The 'omwar liught, the medium protwotieg that a "ncelpiic" bad "crabbed" a spirit, and nearly every woman was in hysteries. My friend was sitting upon a sofa white as death. "Come," I said to him, "remember than truth is stranger than fiction. Your daughter live,." We went together to thle carriage. The girl only teld her arms out to her father. He took her in his orn. "Oh, I was so wretehed," she said, "so ntiserable, so degraded. I left tmy things on th s bankbolthsrecer. Ididnotdrown myself, and Idared notkgo home to the father I had disgraced. Itried to get work. This medium -this woman with her cabinet-oh, she is rery vey bad- engged me to sew. Then she wanted o to playteth lopart of spirit-, oho wan dead to ahos £ lorcd. It seemed rery flttinr: I almost fancied myself a ghost I made money for her. She was liber.al enough to me, and if I refused, staroation lay before rme; and then one night my father ncame. Oh, nmy falther ! nd e embraced me. I never told the woman he was really my father. But, oh, t to see hint! to touch him! And it made him so happy. You know the rest Oh, how cnn you forgime'!" Again she eclung to him. Ho folded her to his heart. " Love forgirves everything, my child," he They live in the old hlouse togethller yet. She will never he joyous gain, but ohe is very mild and sceet; ond the lato time I row Ralph SAtwoes, lie wss roa lino his old mystic lore rgain. a "In spite of all, I kanow,"hnnabid, "I teel qoite sore, that thle spiritflS of lost dear onrS do return to us sometimes." '"At least," I answered, "we shall go to them." ýa 