ARAB WOMEN. Attached to the kouba is a wild, somewhat overgrown and yet not wholly neglected spot, used as the Arab cemetary. A few of the: graves have flowers planted on them but not many. Here and there sprigs of myrtle are laid across the flat stone which usually covers the sepulchre, and at the head of the grave are two little hollows or bowls which the friends' of the lately dead fill, one with | water and other with kous-kous, whether for the sustenance of the departed or as a fee to Charon it is difficult to know. It is most probably a remnant of the old fetish worship. But the Moham medans are said to believe that every Friday the spirits of the dead hover about the place of their bodies' last home, which has given rise to the Musselman custom of visiting the graveyard on this day of the week. Every Friday afternoon during the service at the mosque, which by the law of the Prophet women under 60 are not permitted to at tend—an age whieh no Arab lady has yet been known to pass—the veiled figures crowd to the cemetery, j the lower Mustapha Road being ; thronged with them both oil foot and in the omnibuses or coricolos ] as they are locally called which are , so largely affected by the Arabs. j Any Friday afternoon a crowd ! of these vehicles which seemed to ; be hired especially by the Arab ladies, may be seen waiting outside the gate of the burying ground, while the ground itself presents a most picturesque and singular scene. On first entering but one idea strikes the holder—the dead have in truth risen to visit the scene of their interment. At each carved headstone sits a figure, or it may be two or three, draped alike in white and shining raiment^—spots I of light thrown on in strong relief from a sombre background of cac j tus hedge and aloes, still and white and silent as ghosts should be. The j impression is irresistible. The train j of yellow omnibuses outside the j garden gate is forgotton, possibili I ties and probalities melt away as ! by a touch of the echanter's wand, and the stranger advancing with soft footsteps upon the weird un earthly scene, can but remember the old Mohommedau superstition, and wonder With an involuntary shudder, if by chance a veil is raised, what will there be to meet his awed and fascinated gaze ? Gradually as lie approaches, the! horror passes away; voices fall1 upon his ear, littiechildren—quaint little creatures, bagged and tur baned—run across' his path, and now as he nears a radiantgronp, a plump and henna-tinted hand is raised to put aside a veil, a parr of grand black eyes fix on him a look of mortal fascination a pair of full red lips open to smile on him—the i angels are but women after all I The "him" is used advisedly sup posing that the pronoun apply to j : a European gentleman for, the Arab i [ code of etiquette does not. prove j [ so harsh in this matter towards a ' giaour as it does towards a man I of Eastern race; and though ani Englishman > wandering in the Arab | cemetery on the women's day is I i likely to have an evil eye laid j I upon him here and there by prudish j [ finders the chances are in bis fa- j ! vour toward being permitted a! very fair sight: of Moorish beauty. : European ladies are gladly wel-j corned among the Arab belles, and , though few of them can speak ' any other language but their own j Arabic, an animated intercourse is readily kept up by the mutual display of dresses and jewels,an Englishwoman's toilette; beitig, joa turally quite, as interesting and carious an object of scrutiny to & Moorish lady as her own rich and . beautiful costume, is to an unen lightened European. And on these , occasions the Arab women are sure to be adorned in their richest drosses and tricked out in. all the jewellery of which they are pos sessed, for it is in truth their only opportunity of displaying either to the outer world: and their, weekly visit to the tombs is re garded, and naturally so, since it is the only recreation permitted them, as a festa. Mr Frometin writes:—a It is sel dom that on these , days the field of Sidi-Aboder-Rahman is not en livened by, conversation and gay ; laughter. Iudeed conversation is not the only amusement indulge, in. Haiks are spread across tombs In the guise of table cloths, and the sepalchralsfcones serve at once for seats and tables, where in, little groups confectionary and pastry of various kinds are discussed. Brilliant toilettes are displayed, some really magnificent, for these are occasions when antique coffers are emptied of their treasures of precious stones and perfumes, when jewels hang in masses on the neck and arms, fingers, feet, cor sage, and waist, when a wealth of art is bestowed on the shades of eyes and eyebrows." Before sunset veils have been resumed adjars tightly tied across faces and the whole fcevy of fair dames will have. melted away. -From. Walks in, Algiers by Mr. L. G. Seguin. 