The Novelist THE MAID'S. STORY. [BY MISS MARY GEARY.] "Yes, miss, certainly, I lived with Mrs. Birch—Miss Grigg that was—before she married Mr. Birch. I knew all about that affair. It was very singular indeed—very. I'm not sure that I ought to mention it, for if a lady's maid can't hold her tongue she can't find good places. Dear me, I'm no talker, I'm as mum as a mouse. Bushels of pearl powder and quarts of rouge have I applied with my own hands, and never so much as hinted at. As for paint, bless your heart, I've never breathed about it, and I did live with a lady once that took arsenic regular- ly for her complexion. That's no secret, for she took too much one day, by accident, and died. "There was an inquest and it all came out. It's well it did, for suspicion pointed to her husband. Somehow it always seems to strike a jury that a husband is a likeliest person to wish a wife out of the way. But this isn't anything about paint ; Miss Grigg, being on the stage, made no secret of that. She played queens and such, miss. I've often had tickets given me and gone with my young man to see her act. And when she was haughty and curled her nose like, miss, and looked at other folks, over her shoulder, and talked away down her throat like a pigeon gurgling she was splendid, miss. It made me think how nice it would be to be a queen and to take airs over every- body. "Well, Miss Grigg was engaged to be married. Mr. Birch had fallen in love with her when she was in Scotland playing Ham- let's ma. Perhaps you have seen the play, miss ? The young man objected to his ma getting married the second time, so I seemed to make out, and acted most impertinent, giving sauce to his ma and his step-pa, and carrying on awful. And there was a poor young lady quite out of her mind that after- wards got drowned. "Well, she was playing Hamlet's ma, and Mr. Birch, a wealthy Scotch merchant, fell in love with her, and sent her a letter, and called, and made an offer all in no time. She accepted him of course, and the preparations for the wedding began. I don't thing my lady ever had so many dresses before. Silks and satins, and velvets and laces. Dear, dear ; Madame —'s whole establishment was hard at work for a month, and if I'd had twenty fingers, instead of only ten, I'd have had use for them all. "At last everything was finished. The trunks were packed, there were fifteen of 'em miss, and fourteen was to go on that after- noon, and one— the one with the wedding and travelling dresses— was, of course, to be left and go with bride when she started next day. She was to be married at 10 o'clock in church, and then drive home, have a splendid breakfast, change her dress and catch the 3 o'clock train. Of course I saw the trunks, and I was very careful ; but just when I was needed most, just as the trunks were going downstairs, Miss Grigg called me. "Miss Grigg was a lady who didn't like to wait. I went to her at once, miss, as was my duty, and I said to Bridget Duster, the chambermaid : " 'Bridget, watch the black trunk, contain- ing the wedding dress, and see that the men don't carry it off.' "Bridget understood with her elbows, of course, miss, and after I'd been to the land's end for two yards of blue ribbon of exactly such a shade as she wanted, and got back, I found that she had sent off the black trunk first of all, and was very proud of of having been so careful. The trunks were all miles away by that time. There was nothing for it but to tell Miss Grigg. She flew at me, miss. I didn't blame her for being angry. I could forgive her in such a case. She flew at me violent, miss, and then she had spasms. She beat the sofa, she tore her hair, she screeched, and me all the while saying, " 'Remember your eyes, miss. Think how you'll look. Your nose is swelling dreadful, miss.' "Finally she came to and bathed her face. And says she : " 'Flora, what— what shall— I do ?' " " 'I don't know, miss,' said I, "unless you put off the wedding until you telegraph for the trunk.' " 'No,' said she, 'that's unlucky ; besides one never knows. None ain't to be depended on.' " 'You might borrow a dress,' said I. " 'As if I'd be married in one that didn't fit,' said she, 'stop, don't speak a word. I've an idea.' "She sat with one finger on her lips for a while. Then she said : " 'My embroidered dressing- gown. The white one ! That's here ?' " 'In the wardrobe, miss,' said I. " 'Very well,' said she. I'll be married in that. Telegraph for the trunk, Flora.' " 'The white-dressing gown ?' said I, nearly astonished out of senses. " 'Yes,' said she, 'The white dressing- gown, goose, you don't think I'm going to be married in church in that. I won't put off the wedding, and I won't stand up be- fore a crowd in anything but my white satin dress ! But I'll be married at the appointed hour, for all that. So telegraph for my trunk and come back soon.' "When I came back I found Miss Grigg in bed and the doctor sent for. He was puzzled, I could see that. He couldn't tell what was the matter, and Miss Grigg was too faint to speak. He questioned me. I said she had been very much agitated. He prescribed something and went off, bidding me send for him if she got worse. The evening papers published the report that Miss Grigg was dangerously ill, and Mr. Birch came to the hotel in a terrible fright, as pale as a sheet, to ask how she was. I took down 'Her love, and she was very ill.' " "Then Miss Grigg said to the ladies who had come in : 'Leave me with my faithful Flora.' I can't say that I was surprised. Then she sat up in bed and said briskly : "Lock the door, Flora. I'm sick of lying on my back. I've taken them in haven't I ? You see what I'm about now ?' " 'Exactly, miss,' said I ; 'to be too ill to be married when the times comes ?' " 'No,' said she ;' to be ill enough to be married in the white dressing gown. I'm going to be married on my dying bed, Flora !' "I gave a screech and she laughed, and then she made a supper of sardines and bis- cuits and wine, and she threw the medicine out of the window. Early next morning the doctor came. I answered his question as to what sort of a night the patient had passed by saying that she had been much the same. And then I took a little note she had written to Mr. Birch. "I knew what was in it. She told him, that rather than leave the world without keeping her vow to him she would be married on her 'dying bed.' I powdered her up well, miss, and I dressed her in the embroidered dressing gown with tuberoses at the throat. I pulled down the green shades and darkened the room. She fixed the pillows to prop her- self up with, and then skipped into bed. " 'Give me my pearl bracelets,' she said, 'and the handsomost of those handkerchiefs ; and all my rings ; and, Flora, mind you must sob all through the ceremony. I'm going to be calm.' "We hadn't five minutes more, but just as the first knock come to the door, she whisper- ed : " 'Oh ! dear ; if I could only have slow music. Couldn't you keep that 'Traviata' man half an hour outside the window ? He's always at the corner. Flora, I'll leave you something handsome if you do.' "I did it, short as the time was. I caught and he ground out his money's worth. "The clergyman was a very nice, near- sighted old gentleman. Mr. Birch, was the dreadfullest sight— pale as a ghost and shak- ing from head to foot. The best man look- ed dreadfully sorry ; the four or five intim- ate friends looked as though they were at a funeral ; and to see her, with her calm smile and powdered face, one hand against the other in his— I was glad I'd been told to sob ; I had to do something. And so they were married. " 'I feel,' said Miss Grigg, sowly, 'that this, perhaps the last moment of my life, is very sweet. To die thus, with my hand in yours— ah ! Dear friends, adieu. Flora, my faithful maid, take this ring.' I saw her pick out the cheapest ; but no matter. 'Remember me by it. Now— leave us.' "Then everybody kissed her and went out of the room sobbing. "In a moment more there was a scream : Mr. Birch had fainted away. It took an hour to bring him to. "The reporters of the evening papers waiting outside for the news. It was pub- lished all over the place that night, and the next afternoon the travelling dress came back in the black trunk. "Yes, miss, of course— Miss Grigg— I mean to say Mrs. Birch—recovered at once. And that's the whole story. I'm the only one that knows it, and I wouldn't mention it to any one but you, miss." 