ADELONG CROSSING NEWS. [FROH OUR C0KRESPOX«EMS] Afril 25.— The regular meeting of tho Progress Committeo was hold on Saturday ovening lust.. There were, present — Messrs. James Turner.,. James Neve,, jun., F. G. Scott, Embury, Williams, Manns and W. D. Heather (secretary). In the absence of tho Chairman, Mr. Turner was voted to tho clinic for that meeting. The minutes of provious meeting wero- read und confirmed. The only correspondence- was a letter from Mr. -Stewart Wright, Inspector of Schools, informing the- com mittee that tho publio school hero was. under tho control of tho- local board at GundagaL Mr. Neve. proposed that the secretary ba instructed, to write to the school board at Gundagai^ to. ascertain who is responsible for tho proper care- ofi tbo property in the school grounds, to prevent it from being damaged in a. reckless, manner. Secon ;dedby,Mr. Scott and carried. Mr. .Manns said \- thdt the mall .contoactor and several, others, hadt : complained to hint about tho rougn state o£th'& rotvl from, hts (Mr. Manns') residence to GelUngnoa. Hcj.wasiasked to bring' tho mattec'\beforo the com:, miitco: He did not consider ttiatthis part of the, road received a fuir amount ofi attention, and begged to move that tho secretary bo Instructed- to- write to. Mr. Murray, Road: Superintendent,, calling hfs attention to the matter. Mr, F. G,. Scott seconded the- motion, wihicllr was carried;. Tho fictuiK-Clmimiun said that one of tho previous. committees had haft a great dealof correspondence: wiiluthe Department of Mines- in regard to the; briar plant. Thoy had been promieod! that it woultl1 bo gazetted as noxious and brought under tiho-provisiona of tho 'Noxious Weeds Act, but in- the* chaugo. of Government tho* matter seems to- have. Been forgotten ;. ho thought,, thercforo, they shoulttihavothc matter, brought under the notice of. thO'Minister again. Mr. Novo said thero was; no.doubt but that it was spreadlng.at an alarming rato, and considered1 something should bo done to. check it. Ho would'proposo that the secretary be instructed to-writo tctho member, for tho district' (Mr.-. Barnes) and request him* to got tbo briar* brought unJor tho NoxidiiB Weeds Act at once.. Seconded, by Mr. Embury and: carried. The meeting, then adjourned. ! A.stormy American female advocate for women's, ?rights onco-rcmarlied, while hurling blocks of logic about in a train,. that every womun had her sphere ;.- fand, to-make thc-pnint felt, she speared Artcmus Wuri under the short rib with, tho small end of 'hcr.-nmbrclla.. This Artemus objected to in his iusual forciblo style, but had to- retreat, simply 'making: tbo consoling remarK that ' llctsy Jnno ' object to-a woman having a sphere, providing sho ? ulway8.worked.iu tho one sho is. adapted for. It is whon they get someiilea into their heads that it is- tlicb spllera- to ? bo at something thoy know, .nothing.about that they cause injury to themselves :and heaps. ,of- trouble r to other people. For in. 'stance, a lot of women consider that driving horseaJ 'at a.very&st; rato fs their spheres thero iB no ubq I ?'l5£&B.;£?f i?.'?1^ ^S il° ltJ.,im they *..yon!t Jia.i uunvui-.'-iu liu tneynmi incmseives and tboir cart, bottom upwards. This is just exactly what hap pened to rwo.rulers of! tbo roost in this district on.: Good Friday.. Thoy yoked up the Dexter of tho: iplooo-ond-wcnt fbr an oxcureion trip. Thoy ar rived all right, .but coming homo they tried to drive, nip Centaurs, struck a boo lino for hoine,.ignoiini{; \- tHo p^csonco ofi box . scrub, brush fences, cum stumps and docpjavlncs. Going down .one of tbo last mentioned nt 2.40 speed, a stamp -rose them. ^ considerably intho air, and of-'coursc they found thc-contro of gravity.. Nothing serious btppened,. ,ono..gat a limb of locomotion' badly bruised,. tho,' ?othar rcceivetlin slight abrasion of tho knowledges box,, and. as usual aro progressing _ favourably. What T'want to.know. is, whit docs the Progress. 'Committeo mean by yelling about rough: roads when peoplo won't drive along what is made nicely, fbr them ?? * * ? ; L supposci.Mr^Editor,* you. havo often seen a game played at picnics called. 'Bachelor in search. ot' tk wife.'' As. seen on such occasions,'' it iB nothingcomnuredltoarealigonninooaseof witnes sing, tha bachelor, in search. We have a young follow amongst U9- who some timo ago received 'tbo. smart of, Unpul's-dart. He is of rather prepossca- 1 mug;nppeartincc-r; his prospects e'ertuiusurvation ;- ho always sees a ghost whon ho posses the residence.. ot his first adventure. The- second try fortune seemed to favour, him,, ho induced a mash.togo for,' a wulk. Thoy walked a long way and1 sho sug gested' a rest*- and- they sat on a huge log.. Ha lookod.all rouiuUnOkOnimal lifowas viilble,. they.) wero atone. But just then a big red bull-dog' ant appoarnl on- one- end: of tho- log. Ho tried' to.: speak*, but luulto-keop Bwallowing to keep himseU. alive ; words refused* to come, ho got close to her., and: took her riftjt paw. in his loft and then,formed threa-scgnicntB.of a circle round her waist with, . his right.. Just here-the bull-dog; ant appeared on tie scene.. Ho-had! often crossed: that log before-' and could*, not understand tho obstruction, and,. I jfisbtoisea iC ft. was. alive,, ho drove, his poisoned' Bttog into,the-youon man jmt where he camo in I contactwitl*eithi*th)g.. In.recoilbg from the pain of'the stingiheloat hia equilbrium and went bick ?warrUover rho, log, pulUng the mashl with him, and: o. paio ot thirteen bluchers and small balmorals ?werorpoinU-1 aimultancously to tho zenithi. They have- nevec spoken, since.. The bachelor is stijl BcstcHUig,. and I. am watching and' will, chronicle his-next adponturo. 