IX.— SHE WITNESSES THE END April 20. —Milan, 10 30 pm —We are thus far on our way homeward I, being decidedly de trop , travel apart from the rest as much as I can Having dined at the hotel here, I went out by myself, regaidless of the propueties, for I could not stay in I w allied at a leisuielv pace along the Via Alle sandro Manzom till my eye was caught by the grand • Galleria Vittorio Emanuele, and I entered undei the high glass arcades till I teached the cential octagon, where I sat down on one of a group of chans placed there Becoming accustomed to the stream of promenaders, I soon observ ed, seated on the chans opposite, Caroline and Charles. Tins was the fhst occasion on which I had seen them en tele a tete since my comeisation with him She soon caught sight of me, aveited her eyes, then, apparently abandoning herself to an impulse, she jumped up from her seat and came acioss to me We had not spoken to each other since the meeting in Venice ‘Alicia,’ she said, sitting down by my side, ‘Charles asks me to forgive you, and I do forgive you I pressed hei hand, with tears in my eyes, and said, ‘And do you forgive himV ‘ Yes,’ said she, shyly ‘ And what’s the icsult V said I ‘We are to be marued dnectly we reach boms This was almost the whole of our conversation ; she walked home with me, Charles following a little way bo hind, though she kept turning her head, as if anxious that he should over take us ‘ Honor and not love,’ seemed to ring in my ears So matters stand Cai oline is again happy April 25.—We have reached home, Charles with us Events are now moving in silent speed, almost with velocity, indeed ; and I sometimes feel oppressed by the strange and pretei natural ease which seems to accompany their flow. Charles is staying at the neighboring town, he is only waiting foi the inamage licence, when ob tamed he ds to come here, be quietly mairied to her, and carry her off. It is rather resignation than content which sits on his face; but he has not spoken a word more to me on the burning subject, or deviated one hair’s breadth from the course he laid down. They may be happy in time to come. I hope so. But I cannot shake off depi ession. May 6 -—Eve of the wedding. Caro line is serenely happy, though not blithe. But there is nothing to excite anxiety about her. I wish I could say the same of him. He comes and goes like a ghost, and yet nobody seems to observe this strangeness in Ins mien. I could not help being here for the ceremony; but my absence would have resulted in less disquiet on his part, I believe. However, I may be wrong in attributing causes; my father simply says that Charles and Caroline have as good a chance of being happy as other people. Well, to-mor row settles all. May 7.—They are married: we have just-returned from church. Charles looked so pale this morning that my father asked him if he was ill He said, ‘ Ho: only a slight headache,’ and we started for the church There was no hitch or hindrance; and the thing is done. 4 p m.—They ought to have set out on their journey by this time; but thcie is an unaccountable -delay Chailes went out half-an houi ago, and has not yet returned Caroline is waiting in the hall; but I am diead fully afiaid they will miss the train. I suppose the trifling hindrance is of no account; and yet lam full of mis givings. . . . . Sept. 14.—Four months have passed,' only four months 1 It seems like years. Can it be that only seventeen weeks ago I set on this paper the fact of their marriage? lam now an aged woman by comparison 1 On that never to be forgotten day we waited and waited, and Charles did not return. At 6 o’clock, when poor little Caiohne had gone back to her room in a state of suspense impossible to describe, a man who worked in the water-meadows came to the house and asked for my father. He had an in teiview with him in the study. My father then rang his bell, and sent for me. I went down; and I then learnt the fatal news. Charles was no more. The waterman had been going to shut down the hatches of a weir in the meads when he saw a hat on the edge of the pool below, floating round and round in the eddy, and looking into the pool saw something strange at the bottom. He knew what it meant, and lowering the h itches so that the water was still, could distinctly see the body. It is needless to write particulars that were in the newspapers at the time. Charles was brought to the house, but fie was dead. We all feared for Caroline, and she suffered much, but, strange to say, her suffeung was purely of the nature of deep grief, winch found relief in sobbing and tears It came out at the inquest that Charles had been ac customed to cross the meads to give an occasional half-crown to an old man who lived on the opposite hill, who had once been a landscape painter in an humble way till he lost his eye sight; and it was assumed that he had gone thither for the same purpose to day, and to bid him farewell. On this information the coroner’s jury found that his death had been caused by misadventure; and everybody believes to this hour that he was drowned while crossing the weir to relieve the old man. Except one. she believes in no accident. After the stunning effect of the fiist news, I thought it strange that he should have chosen to go on such an errand at the last moment, and to go personally, when there was so little tune to spare, since any gift could have been so easily sent by another hand. Further le flection lias coin meed me that this step out of life was as much a part of the day’s plan as was the wedding in the chuich hard by. They were the two halves of his complete intention when he gave me on the Grand Canal that assurance w Inch I shall never forget, ‘Yery well, then; honor shall be my vvoid, not love. If she says ‘Yes,’ the mainage shall be.’ I do not know why I should have made this eutiy at this particular time? but it has occurred to me to do it—to complete, in a measure, that part of desultory chronicle which relates to the love stoiy of my sistei and Charles She In es on meekly in her grief, and will piobably outlive it, while I—but never mind me 