tflovelist. The Midnight Prophecy i >J;, HEIR OF STRAtHSPEV TOWERS. i*U Em nmHarrison <foiies. CIIAPTEIi XIV. 3'LOT TJH( KL\V i-,n~enti-.\ks and Cavendish Manor, as iv<\- before stated, were contiguous. and were tivi) as line estates :ts the county uoutaincd. The manor belonged to Lady lU'UiiiiiKitid for her life-time, and it was her custom to visit the old place once or twice ;; year. It was therefore <)uite opportune that Lord Strathspey and his i-arty v. ere going to Sevenoaus. as Lady Oeeiiiti. was <|uite anxious to make one of :!<.!" ;:iumal visits. She at. once caused Sir Varney. who was a most dutiful and obedient hush-iud, to dispatch invitations t.-i s.iivir numerous friends, to meet them at 1 lie. manor for the shooting .season :aud ;.t her suggestion the Earl of Strathspey ml the same thing Accordingly, when tliey reached the -md of their journey, the earl's ]>arty ..titi'l a gay assemblage of friends await .u;r tliem. :. ?* \\\ c are going to have a. delightful season,"' remarked Lady Drummond, "and you may thank me for.it, my lord ; you and .Sir Varney ivould have moped here all ::lone, and popped your solitaay guns, if I had not coiue to the rescue. Men are so absurdly stupid !"' lily lady showed lier white teeth in a flashing smile, as the earl handed her into a carriage that was to convey her to the manor, and put out her white jewel led hand to bid him farewell. *" 1 shall expect to see a great deal of you at the manor,"' she said, adding, with a peculiar look iii her eyes and a faint suggestion of regret in her voice ; " you used to like thejnanor years ago." " And I like it yet," replied the earl, gallantly; "and shall certainly avail myself of your kind invitation. Of course you'll not wait tii Ue invited to !Sevenoaks you and .Sir VsirnejT." The pleasant,' good-natured, unsus picious baronet bowed, while his Hashing Lady replied ""Not J, my-, lord earl: I al ways go wherever L please, and it will certainly please me to come to Sevenoaks. But I've fallen into ^shocking habits of late ; you know how I gallop? Well, I shoot, ioo ! I shoot pheasants, my lord !" The earl did raise his eyebrows in well bred surpriajp, and the gay counters . broke into a Tinging laugh. . '. And 3 fgjlyw the hounds,"' she con tinued. ;uid-indulge in all maimer <>: masculine pltwsuaes, Sir Varney likes it. but you are shocked, my lord T' Sir Varuey smiled indulgently oil the bewitching; creature who bore his r.r.inc and title, aiid Lord iSirathspey protested gallantly that nothing her "ladyship pleased to do could-shock Jiim. 61J Meanwhile, tlie countcss and licv two children, and their two nurses, waited patiently in the Seveiioaks' carriage, Colonel Chudleigh and his wife and several other friends having driven on ahead. " How my Lord Strathspey do admire Lidy Drummoiid," whispered Lela to J udith, with a peculiar expression in her black eyes. Judith gave her a nudge. " Why don't you hush '/"shesaid, "and tend to Lord Angus. He's tearing tlie; trimming from his coat." But Lela was not to be silenced. "Only watch him, Judith," she con tinued, ill a loud whisper" his very . yes dance ;is he looks at lior ! And she be a very lovely woman, my .Lady Dram tnond. What a pity the countcss ain't like her." " Will you hold your tongue V' re turned Judith, gatiiering Lady Pearl in her arms and moving to the opposite side. " How savage you are, to he sure," coutiiiued Lela; "t'ain't no harm I'm say ing, I'm sure, and everyone knows it. The coachman was speaking about it last night, and lie says tha; the earl and Lady Druunuond used to be lovers, and that-" "Suit up, I say!" snapped Judith, her brown eyes fairly blaz.ng, for, glanc ing over at. her mistress, who reclined amid the cushions, she daw that she was as white as death, with a wild and terri fied look in her lovely eyes. She had heard the nurse's idle words, if idle they were, and an awful fear thrilled every iiijre of her being. What, if it were so ? She remembered the old report that the earl had once ad- ! mired Cecilia Cavendish, and how his j fathers inexorable edict had forbidden his boj'ish admiration. Wiat if the old fancy still lived I In ' her terrible pre-occupation, she had not noticed her husband, or ever dreamed of such a thing. She watched him now with all her tortured soul in her eyes. He w as standing in the afternoon sun light, his noble head bared, his line face all aglow with ]>]ensure and admiration, as lie looked up and listened to some gay speech L:»dy Druuimond was making. Presently the lady extended her slender hand, and the earl kissed it, bowing pro foundly. "'Good-bye, Lady Strathspey, ' cried Lady Cecilii at that moment, as the carl turned and left her. " 1 shall expect you to drive over to the manor every day."" Tiie countcss nodded and smiled-oh, such a wan, sad smile !-and made room for her beside her husband. He settled himself down with an air of enjoyment, taking his son from Lela and j establishing hiui on his knee. ! '* Now, tSanford, drive like the wind," j he called. I'm anxious to sec the old j place again. Do rouse up a little, Mar-1 guerite," addressing his wife, " and look at Seveiioaks Towers in. the'setting sun iight ; it is really annoying to have you 1 always moping so.'' i"he countess obeyed. She roused up, and looked at Seveiioaks" Towers, and ! smiled and talked with a strange glitter in her eves and a hectic bloom on her jjheeks, and in her heart, deep in her .heart, - that* poisoned, rankling ._ thorn that the nurse's imprudent words had ini- i planted. Tiie manor gentry were dining at ] Sevtmoaks, a few days after, and to gether with the earl's guests, they made a large and brilliant party. All day the men had been popping at the pheasants in the west copier, while the ladies do/.od over French novels in the cool drawing-rooms ; but the clashing of the old tower . bell-had oalledthem all together, and now in their b:st array they, occupied tiie great drawing-room that opened into the dining hall. . Ihe^ long table, wiili*-;its spotless dafiijisic and glittering glass and silver, was already laid, and through the gor geous streamed the red, August sunlight, making the swinging chandeliers, and .costly goblets, and gilded vases, gleam and glitter as if wrought of precious stones. The Countess <<f Strathspey occupied a sofa at the extreme end of the drawing room, with Colonel Chudleigh on one hand and Sir Yarney Drumuioud on the other. She wa"s magnificently robed in a blue silk dinner dress, elaborately trimmed with old point, and in her oars and at her throat burucd the old Strathspey dia monds. Her wondrous golden'hair lay over her fair brow in countless little shining curls and her cheeks glowed like the heart of a ulufh-rose, while her eves, her lovely sapphire eyes, fairly daz/led one with the splendor of their feverish brightness. Is ever in all her life had Marguerite. Countess ot Strathspey,-, Jooked more beautiful, or felt more wretched. At the other end of the long and magni ficent apartment, in an embrasure of one of the stained windows, sat. Lady Druui niond. She wore a dress of some light, gold-! hued fabric, that brought out. in wondrous perfection all the glorious tints of her Hebe-like face, and her 1 lack braids and her heavy curls were held in [dace by thick bands of led Indian gold. Cleopatra herself never looked more regal than did my Ladj7 Cecilia, sitting beneath the gorgeous glow of the richly stained glass. Lord Strathspey bent over her chair, his face glowing and animated. She was turning the leaves of a landscape folio, talking to the ear] -in the mean time. 1 m going to shoot to-morrow." she said, with an arch smile ; " s<> you must come to the manor. I'm anxious to dis gust you, my lord. I always was :-t foni ooy, you know. I>o you remember, Auytis " she brgan ; then, villi a blush, and drooping lids-44.,<// 1 mean. I beg a thousand pardons. Thinking of the <.hl made me forget; but </o you ivme.iiK'r wh it rar-» mornings we used, to have, galloj-ing to cover do wi; on Willow Heath ( Ah, luc!" Lady Cecilia sigiied, and seemed not to hear the Earl's assurance that he did re member. Presently she yojitinucd, as if half to herself . " Such rare mornings Dear, dear, w.iat a pity we canuot be always young and happy ! This humdrum married life is very prosy, dou't jjou think so. my lord V" . .'Well, r don't kttow,?' replied the t with a laugh ; " I. have not found MKit-: so very prosy, but I dare say you J.u-mv best, i.-idy Druuintoud.'" "Of course 1 d i,M oiting her scarlet lip with relation, but laufdiiiis- <ravlv; ? " and , aj>x of prosiness, we are to j have a ball over at ' The Cedars.' Lady Varney drove over yesterday to tell me. The cards go out to-ii oirow, and itcomcs off on the twenty-ninth-a real fancy affair-bai masque, you know ! You'll not find any prosiness there, I'll promise you. And now, </<> guess who's to be the lion," she added innocently, but with a sudden tlasum her Spanish eyes. *' I'm sure I've 110 idea whatever,uuless you mean-yourself,' replied the earl. '"ilvself!- < )h, you stupid! Meaning -myself. I should have said ouceti.! Who a to be the lion, I say 1 Who, indeed, but Colonel Gilbert Yeriiey, Lady Verney'a brother. just come home from India ; and, begging your pardon, my lord your wile's oh I lorn--a charming man. You had better look out for yourself, my lord earl." Something in the insinuation, and m her ringing laugh irritated Lord Strath spey. He frowned and bit his lip. "I can't see what 1 have to fear from Colonel {Jilbert Yerney," he replied, coldly. " Can't you continued the lady, 111 a teasing tone. "Lady Strathspey is a charming woman, and old coals are soon rekindled. The earl almost involuntarily glanced across at his wife. She was a charming woman indeed, and more charming, he thought, at that moment, than he had ever seen her before-she, who a day or two ago, had been so languid and listless. What could be be secret of the sudden change.' " Only look at her now-the countess, I mean !" continued his companion, who had followed his glance, *' is she not glorious? Such a change! Down in the Tyrol she was like a ghost. What is Hie secret, 1 wonder ! I can scarcely believe her the same person." " She's like the re~t of her sex, whimsical and changeable,'" replied the i earl. *" Not so my lord," retorted Lady Cecilia, half 111 earnest, half in jest ; "we women always have motives, especially where our good looks are < oncerned. Let me read the riddle for you. ?<>l<>in'l ] 1 'miry calls this evening. The rotntfr.** Jtrrsrlf \t>ld me, not an hour ago, *,hat e.ijir;-lr<l hhu. Can't you see, my lord I I warned you to take care !' And again her wicked, teasing laugh rang out. For the life of him, Lord Strathspey could not conceal his vexation. lie was just blind and simnle enough to suiter th is arch-enchantress to win her object, which was to rouse his jealousy and sus picion in regard to his wife. These ISritisk peers are onty human after all, despite their noble bloc.d and high-sound ing titles, and as week aud as full of foibles, a goodly number of them, as the lowliest peasant that pays them homage Angus, Earl of Strathspey, was 110 excep tion. Though a good and generous man. and pretty shrewd, lie was no without his failings. Being the thirteenth earl of Strathspey Towers did no- make him per fect by any means. He glanced across, a second time, at his wife, in her shimmering laces and diamonds, her face bright with feverish expectation, and a sudden thrill stirred his heart. U/<* it because this Indian colonel was coining, that she had bJt>oiiied out so ?. /. ,lle knew the story of .(> ilberfc Verney's . early love for- Lady Marguerite ofr Auk-.: land Oaks. He was only a youiig guards-' man then,and he was very desperate when he found there was 110 hope for him, and talked a good deal about blowing his braius out, but concluded to go with his regiment to India instead. And here he was back again, a colonel, and a bachelor j still. \- Lord Strathspey gnawed at his mous tache, and watched nis beautiful countess with covert glances. Poor, blind Lord Angus, he could not see, he could not dream, and there was 110 friend's tongue to whisper him the truth, that his poor, lovinir, constant wife, stung by cruel jea lousy, had thrown oif her lethargy, her teniljle Sorrow, and by an effort almost j superhuman, had bloomed out in all the beauty she possessed, hoping to hold his love, her dearest treasure, which she saw, with a woman's <|iiiek perception, was slipping from her. Her husband did j»ot dream ot thi?. which Lady Cecilia well enough knew, and her wicked eyes gleamed with triumph as she watched the earl's moody face, ,utd saw that tier i'"U<lom arrow had struck home. I >nt the clanging of the great dinner bell brought this little side-play to an abrupt dose, and the earl and his guests 13led through the glittering rooms, and sur^ round' d the magnificent hoard, allsauyity, .ind smiles, and honeyed words, too well bred and self-posseased to betray even a suggestion of bitter and torturing passions that tilled their hearth. 