AOTA POPULI. . ,? By the Flanetjb. :f!tl Eighteen hundred and eighty-nine has opened for us in a highly eventful manner. On the 8th of January we hanged the -wretched woman whom our sensational scribes — taking advantage of alliterations artful aid—have termed the ' Botany Borgia/3 and on the 9th of January Sir Henry Parkes performed a sort o£ political liari lean, or smcice. i saia i/-e nanged the Borgia, because Sheriff: Cowper officially declares that the feat was 'fairly successfully performed,' and whenever there is any kudos to be had I think we should all be in it. It is true that the unfortunate woman was half choked before she fell at all ; that the assistant finisher lost some time endeavouring to bang the bolt out with one hand while he held it with the other, and that tho culprit's head was nearly severed from her body; but these are mere nothings, and, no doubt, in t:m Sheriff's opinion, criminals get used to them in time, just as eels are said to get used to skinning'. If the unhappy woman had been decapitated Mr. Cowper would have probably proclaimed the affair to have been a ' most triumphant success ;' but I fear some o£ our envious enemies would refer to it as a ' brutal butchery,' in fact, these are the very words they now use when speaking of our ' fairly successful' performance. In the case of Parkes, that miserable offender seemed to court death, ag eagerly as Saul did when he called upon his armour-beerer to draw his sword and kill him ; or as Antony did when he implored hi3 brave Eroa to finish him in the same way. Parkes was more fortunate than either o£ these heroes, however, for they appealed to their followers in vain ; whereas the craffcy Sir Henry actually induced one of his generals Mr. Bashi-Bazouk Want — to inflict the fatal blow without knowing exactly the extent of the damage he was doing. jSTo one was more surprised at the result of the fatal thrust than Mr. Want himself wag, and probably no one was more dis gusted to find how cleverly he had played into the cute old trickster's hands. Mr. Want inno» cently held the sword while his cunning leader threw himself upon its point, and thsreby escaped the far more ignoble death which wag ready for him. An old dog for a hard road ; and you can depend on catching a weasel asleep 99 times for the one occasion on which you will find that cute old fox, Sir Henry, napping. The ostensible cause of the collapse of the Parkes party was the ridiculDas and insulting manner in which Sir Henry carried out hia pro« mise to inquire into the antecedents of Mr.Fehon. When Mr. Want first made his charges against the new Commissioner, Sir Henry appeared to be surprised and shocked beyond expression, and he gave his solemn word to the House that he would institute a 'prompt and searching inquiry' into the affair. As a matter of fact, however, lie acted in a similar manner to that of an old aaurkraut stnffed German juror, who on hearing a prisoner plead 'nor, guilty' immediately grabbed his hat and started to leave the court. On being hauled back, however, he grew indignant and exclaimed, ' What der teufel yer vhant to dhry dot mans some more for, hey ? He haf fcold you heemself dot he vhas not guilty ; why you doan' let him go aboudfc hees peezines ?' This was precisely the style in which Sir Henry kept his promise to the House. He wrote to Mr. Fehon asking him if it was true he was a felon. Mr. Fehon said he wa3 not, and then Sir Henry snorted out—' Another baseless rumour. This man acknowledges him self that he ia innocent. What did Hi halways tell yer?' This was the way in which the ex Premier carried out his ' prompt and searching inquiry.' That the slippery Sir Henry courtsd defeat over the business is aa plain as the nose on his own face. Had he attempted to hold on any longer he knew well that the ghosts connected with the tram-leasing jobbery, the Casual Labour Board's swindle, the Abigailian mining matter, and divers other peculiar trrnsaefcions would riae up to ' push him from his stool,' even as the shades of Macbeth's victims rose to push, their mur derer from his, and so Sir Henry let himself down lightly by accepting Mr. Want's motion as cne on censure, and taking precious great care to keep hi3 injudicious friends in the dark, so that they might not 3poil his little game by their untimely interference. This was made very clear by Mr. A, J. Eiley, who blurted out that if any member of the Government had condescended to drop a hint to the faithful followers of the Parkes party the motion for adjournment would never have been carried, and it was therefore very evident that the Premier had sought defeat. Of the two evils Sir Henry cho3e the lesser ; the political atmo sphere looked troubled, so he took a header ; but when the clouds roll by he will bob up as serene and. fresh as over. It is well that Mr. Want did not try lug 'prentice hand at forming p., Ministry, for the very name of a ' ' Want ' Ministry -would. Ibe sudden death to any party. The Parkcs Go vernment has brought quite enough ' want ' on the land already, and the thing is too suggestive of the words of the poor immigrant who remarked that it wasn't for want ho came lo this country for he had plenty of that at home. Mr. Dibbs has consequently had greatness thrust upon him once more, but I fear that the ' White Waist coat' party is too strong for the Protec tionists in the old Parliament, so sing hey for the rouseahoiifc days of another general election. Bless those days! I- haven't had a good ride in a cab rsince they were here two years ago; but Ihe moment that the dis solution trumpet sounds ' Arise ye dead and come to the polling !' that moment will see me mounted on the box-seat of Abigail's friend Mr. Spicer's 'kcrridge,' and drawn by the old white horse of the Devonshire- street cemetery which did such good service in rounding up defunct voters on previous occasions. When those joyful days do arrive it would fee a good thing for the country if electors would sit down in a cool spot, soak their heads in iced shandy - gaff, and endeavour to discover if a policy of either free trade or protection is the sole 'German Charlie' panacea for all the ills from which the country suffers. Personally, I don't bet much on either. We have had a long spell of free trade, and yet ?we are not happy. It is said that Protection will improve all kinds of trades and business (but that is extremely doubtful), and that it raises wages ; ?which is certainly not true. The profits of an employer do not decide the wages of his workers, for if that were the case I would be drawing about half a million a year from the proprietors of bh* Freeman. [Asa 'tiger tale' this is far tougher than anything that has yet appeared from the prolific pen of Rajah Inglis.— Ed. F. J.] The rate of wages is decided by the law of supply and demand of labourers, and if our cabinet-makers' 'wares were protected 100 per cent, to-day the workers themselves would not receive a copper more than they do so long as Chinese cheap labour is allowed to compete against them. There are two things, howevei', which have been crying aloud for recognition for years, and which ' seem to me to be of far more importance than either free trade or protection, and those two are a Land Tax and Local Government Act. Looking round to-day I see the thousands of priceless acres of land which are held by the Dan Coopers, the Tom Holts, the Smiths, the Berrys, and other cormorant capitalists, and I know that these lands (which are day by day improved by the labour of the people and the expenditure' of the people's money) enable their holders to live and riot in luxury in other countries without contri buting a single cent to benefit the land from which they draw their princely incomes. Five million acres of the best lands ever turned out of the Great Creator's hands were given over in olden days to a favoured few by means of the land grant system, and when these worthies con sidered they could do with a little more they quietly 'annexed' it, and by working the oracle with pliant surveyors afterwards made good their title. A land tax would restore the people's rights in this respect, but before we can hope for that we must return a far different stamp of men than most of those who now misrepresent the country. Keep your weather eyes on these affairs, fellow-electors, and when the glorious days of the general election roll round and you see me scooting about on top of the pale horse from the cemetery, rally up to the polls, and let your watchwords be ' Local Government and a Thumping Land Tax.' Five years ago Sir Heary Parkes was boosted ©ut of power, and the primary cause of his down fall was the party whom he then contemptuously termed 'this man Davies.' Now he has been fired out once more, and the primary cause is again ' thi3 man Davies ; ' for, in spite of all he may protest to the contrary, the ex-Premier dreads to face the music which the Casual Labour Board band has played for him to dance to. We have the evidence ©f Mr. Murphy tliat Sir Henry was one of the original shareholders in the Holt Sutherland estate, and the fast of the Board — which was simply 'this man Davies ' from start to finish — having got away with a quarter of a million of public money without a proper entry being kept to show how the cash was expended, is a circumstance which would ruin the reputa tion of the most popular ruler in the world. It is very easy for Sir Henry to wash his hands and say the Board is responsible for all, but he appointed the Board, and is therefore in the highest sense responsible for the doings of that Board, otherwise known as 'this man Davies.' The inquiry into the Board's working must go on, however, and when the Select Committee sits again it might be as well for it to ask : — Is it not a fact that a number of the unemployed wore told by the Casual Labour Board fco form 12 miles of a splendid road which runs almost from the very hall [door of ' this man Davies'' country seat, near Campbelltown, along the Southern railway line to George's River, and, furthermore, is it not a fact that the said 'unemployed' purposely made this road crooked in certain parts in order that the job might last all the longer ? A little bird of tho mopoke species tells mo these things be facts, and they are, therefore, well worth the attention of those who sit in judgment on the doings of -c this man Davies.' In connection with the statement I made touching the untold wealth of the Freeman it is only fair to add that all newspaper proprietors are not bloated millionaires, and in proof of this wo have the story told of a revivalist preacher, who, while hold ing forth in a certain city on the subject of honesty, requested all in the congregation who had paid their just debts, and always made a practice of doing so, to Btand up. Instantly tho whole congregation seemed to rise, and when they had resumed their seats the preacher called upon all those who had not paid their debts to bob up and show themselves as well. Only one man rose^ He wai a poor-lookmgy care-worn specimen of humanity, and as the whole gaze of the honest portion of the assembly was scornfully turned upon him, he sorrowfully explained that he was the proprietor of a local newspaper, and he couldn't possibly pay his debts because all the rest of the congregation present owed him for five years' subscriptions, and although he billed them regularly every quarter he could never get enough out of them to keep even a sick,. cockatoo in ' sop.' 'Twas ever thus. 'Pay all thy debts promptly, my son,' said a Persian sage, ' but let the printer rip until you strike a big bonanza gold mine.' Evidently there are some delightfully humor ous gentlemen connected with the Times- Parnell trouble, and a day in court with them must be as good as a night with Mr. Comic-lecturer Lincoln The party who considered that it was better to be be a coward for five minutes than a dead man all your life time, scored another success when, speak^ ins: of a man on whom he did not care to fall too heavily, he said, ' I'll say nothin' either for or against hizi ; but I'll lave it to God an' his own conscience to play th' divil with him.' Another humorous witness has since then declared that Mr. Harrington, M.P., paid £1 to the captains of the 'inner circle,' at the same time giving them instructions that they were ' neither to kill noi hurt their victims too much.' Tho idea of a man being i( too much killed' is simply splendid, but I am afraid it is a fate which now hangs over the head of a few of our no-account politicians. Not long ago Sir John Robertson, whilst in^ dulging in a little pardonable blow, declared he could still drive a bullock or crack a stockwhip as well as any man his weight in the land. So far as driving the bullock is concerned I think sturdy old ' Jock' could do all he says, for he has still the strength lo wield a sapling, and he possesses a flow of the Volapuk language which would strike terror into the heart of the greatest ' jib' or a ' Blackbird' or ' Damper' that ever held a yoke. I am a trifle doubtful as to how Sir John would get along with the stockwhip crack ing, however, for that is a matter which, like piano-playing, pocket-picking, and other fine arts; requires constant practice. Anyone can swing the straight half-mile of a thong easily enough ; but it is when one attempts to give that peculiar zig-zag lighting- like movement to the stockwhip handle necessary to sound the startling crack that the trouble begins. As a rule the thong flies round tho ambitious cracker's Ieg3 like a hungry boa-constrictor, then it carefully folds him from the waist to the throat in a deadly, strangling1 embrace, while the Ia3h flicks a square inch or two off each ear, hoists his hat to glory, and then splits his nose like the tale of a swallow. When his friends get him out of the tangle and his fragments are stitched together again he feels very much better ; but as a rule, he would as soon think of poking a keg of powder up with a red-hot poker as he would of again cracking a stookwhip for his own or other persons' amusement. I am reminded of this by a friend who recently arrived from London where he had the pleasure of witnessing Buffalo Bill and his cowboy crowd giving one of their highly instructive entertain ments professing to be a true representation of life on an Australian back block cattle station. Several experienced Australian stockmen had been specially engaged for this part of the show — at least so the bills said, and we all know how perfectly reliable circus posters are — and one of his artists undertook to crack the terrible stockwhip after the fashion of the rough riders on a cattle mustering excursion. A few hamstrung old cows were chased by Bill's daring stockmen for a while, and then the bold stockwhip-cracker would ride into the middle of the mob, get off Ms horse, and after carefully spreading his whip along the ground he would manage to crack it, after a fashion, about five times out of every ten tries. The fidelity of that picture must be apparent to everyone who has seen anything of station life in Australia ; but I fancy it would have been far truer if th& artist had proceeded to boil his billy and sit down and read a newspaper after he dis mounted, or if he had two experienced medical men by his side in order that they might do any repairs that were needed when his exhibition was over. Fancy a stockrider having to pull up and dismount as he thundered down a hill, slanted like tho side of a honse, before he could venture to scare his cattle with tho pistol crack of his stockwhip ! What in thunder is the use of having Agents- General in London, or what is that highly efficient lecturer, 'Little Bailey,' about, that such shameful libels are allowed to be perpetrated on our colonial institutions ? 