? THE Bland Oolt season at the Royal came to an end on Monday evening, and gloom has reigned in and about the "premier theatre '' ever since. Tonight the triumvirate's new chum troupe will be let loose for the first time in a play called " The Pointsman"—not another "Jack Pointsman," let us hope—a piece built and constructed on the latest approved modern lines by Messrs. Carton and Raleigh—whoever they may be. The play is a simple little thing of fourteen scenes, and contains only twenty-four characters. Of course there is the usual scoundrel and his ruined victim, and also a murder for some costly gems just brought back from the diamond fields. The body is shoved through a trap door into the river iu the good old way, and later on the original device of a bottle of drugged brandy is lugged in to further make the mixture of horrors "thick and slab." Then a terrible railway smash occurs, and everything ends happily, the "shocked" survivors all receiving lump sums for compensation, and the heroes and heroines, or such as are left of them, settling down to married life exactly as the heroes and heroines of plays have done since Adam's epoch. More minute details of this sad affair (will be published in our next edition. " HAMLET " is having a phenomenal run at the Opera House, and though lots of people are explaining just how the introduction is aPl wrong in spots, the show gets there precisely the same. The dirge is arousing rather more fuss than it's worth, and we would, suggest that the gentleman who objects to it should read up the history of the stage and see just what those "Shakespearian conditions were, and then hire a barn and have a correct performance of his own ; it wouldn't cost him much. Mr. Miln is still the forcible and emphatic youn® Prince who has hitherto been unknown to us, but whom we have gradually come to regard as acceptable, and Mr. Cathcart is a Ghost of the good old school, which did everything just as it ought to be done. Mr. Ireland is also an old stager who rarely goes wrong, and numerous other members of the caste will become favourites if they live long enough. Miss Jordan's Ophelia is ever fresh and Miss Douglas' Queen is brilliant at odd moments. On Monday evening Mr. Miln gave "Mr. Brough and Mr. Boucicault" a chance to recover something from the cinders, and the occasion proved a distinct success. That neat bit, "Vice Versa," was welcomed gladly, though we missed the delicious Dulcie of old. "In Honour Bound" showed Mr. Titheradge at his best, and in the "Hamlet" scene Mr. Brough was so good a gravedigger that we should like to see him stick to the Shakespearian ranks for a spell. Mr. Cecil Ward also acquired kudos in the famous screen scene, and Mr. Mayne really thrilled his audience with "Phil Blood's Leap,'' an elocutionary feat that is all too rare in these days. Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis' re-appearance caused us to remember what we have lost, and Miss Llewellyn's song formed a pleasing interlude. The speech making was neat and pointed; Mr. Boucicault's allusion to Mr. Miln's promptness in offering assistance brought down the house, and the best feeling prevailed throughout an audience that caused the Opera House to well nigh bulge. "Richelieu" on Saturday. AT the Alexandra, " Shamus O'Brien" still maintains his grip on public appreciation, aud market quotations report big business in Irish drama and " patriotic sentiments." Shamus does not appear as loveable an outlaw on the s'age as when embalmed in poesy. He is too fond of breaking out into long, hysteri al, historical disquisitions before patient people w o never did him any harm, and he gives way to prophecy and lingering soliloquies, and appears too anxious to hang up his sufferings in public places where they may attract the attention of the million, and win him pity and a warm place in the hearts of fair women. As a matter of fact, Shamus in the flesh was kept too much on the jump with the insurrections he was engineering and the enemies he had on hand to strike attitudes, and give way to soliloquies, and angle for applause; and we are firmly convinced that he was too conscientious a rebel to usurp the dut ; es of the prophets and go prying into the future after a grand old English statesman who would arise to smite the oppressor; he preferred smiting the furious Sassenach himself right then, being built that way. Despite the above grumbles, which arise partly out of a chronic dyspepsy bequeathed us by a dead relative, we like " Shaimus O'Brien," an'd thiuk that all people who have a warm corner in their hearts for Old Ireland and all who have not, but ought to have, should go and see the "drammer," and mingle their plaudits with the prevailing uproar. THE last few nights of the Brough and Boucicault Comedy Company are announced at the Hibernian Hall. There will be no performance this evening, the hall being otherwise engaged, but to-morrow, Queen's Birthuight, a grand special holiday attraction in the shape of the "Two Roses " will be placed before the public. In conjunction with the above we may mention the re-appearance of^that popular young lady, Miss Lillian Gilmour (after an absence of four months). On Saturday afternoon a Brough aud Boucicault benefit matime will be given at the Theatre Royal. Everybody is going and all the theatrical people of any note line up for the occasion. The members of the Victorian Bar, including Messrs. Q. C. Purves, Coldham and others, are also on the bill, and that the "witness boxes" will be full is a moral certainty. Messrs. Williamson, Garner and Musgrove have generously placed the theatre at the service of the committee, and all our theatres and music-halls send up a batch of representatives. SULLIVAN'S charming music, Miss Osborne's and Mr. Vernon s good singing and acting, and Messrs. Williamson, Garner and Musgrove's completeness of mounting and management, combine to make the " Yeomen of the Guard " still an attracion at the Princess' Theatre. The music is not particularly "catchy," but it is conceived in a spirit of " grand " opera, in the best sense of the word, and is well worthy of better treatment than it occasionally receives during its pres.; nt performance. The chorus is in splendid form, and the moving music that closes the first act is impressively rendered, as are all the choral parts throughout the opera, M iss Pollard is a useful member of the cast, and makes a very passable Elsie ; and Mr. Leumane sings well, but looks unaccountably a "misfit" in his yeoman costume. Mr. Elton is painstaking but unsatisfactory as the solemn clown, and about all the fun we get is squeezed out of the gaoler by Mr. Vernon, "Boccaccio" is talked of for the next attraction here, and will probably be produced on Saturday week. " STANDING- ROOM only, sir," hissed the patent leathei -shod usher of the Victoria Hall on Saturday evening ; and entering, we found it so. An unbilled feature of the show was Clark's appearance as centre-man, and though he was not the best s'raight man we have ever seen, we must say that he is much more at home in the middle than on the corner. We hope with all our hearts that he'll keep to the centre. We'll forgive him if he sings two — aye! three comic songs—if he'll only keep off the corner. Gilmore sings a local song in his old well- known style and fetched the house. Whitburn ditto ; iu fact, all the first part items are well received. The Japanese juveniles do some marvellous balancing and bending feats, while the orchestra, con-duefced by Con, supply some capital music. A shower of specialities occur in the second part, in which Slade Murray comes out on top with his popular songs, all of which are heartily applauded. Matlock, Marion, Compton and the Bonhairs are also around during the evening. Bonhair has been presented with a medal by some fond admirer—wish we had some fond admirer—fond admirers are few. A Whitburnian farce, " The Burglar," winds up a good bill. MR, FRED MACCABE, the versatile monologue entertainer, seems, to a young man, to have existed for ever ; he was roaming over the earth's surface carrying music and mirth to the confines of civilisation when we were a small boy with a neglected nose and a pet frog, and was an item of interest and a subject for conversation with our parents still further back iu history. This gifted immortal re-appeared with bis van- load of humorous eccentricities before a large audience at the Athenaeum on Saturday night, and convulsed an assortment of cold stern men, and hard thin men, and dry old ladies, and other people who are naturally grim and difficult to tickle, with his highly delightful entertainment, " Begone Dull Care.' Mr. Maccabe is the pioneer of this particular style of business, and, although the people have seen him often, he still attracts and amuses them with his diverting reflections on the railway porter harassed by a fat old woman with two tons of band-boxes and paper bundles,besides a flat iron, a bird cage, a gridiron, a paroel of of sandwiches, and a bit of string ; and the old gentleman of great circumference who is asthmatical and crowded and wan's to occupy room for two on one ticket; also by his rendering of ^.garrulous Scotchman, and a philosophical Irishman, and the verbose old idiot who talks you into a state of delirium after dinner, and the masher with the glass in his eye, found haunting drawingrooms and afflicting his awful conceit and padded personality on people who are tired and want him to die. In " The Magic Statue" Mr. Maccabe is assisted my Mddlle. Minnia, a talented young lady whose dancing is as nearly divine as mundane vanities can be. " Begone Dull Care'' will continue at the Athenajum till further no'ice. KENNEDY would appear to have not only th ose on the stage under his influence, but, judging by the immense attendances that greet him every evening, playgoers generally must be suffering from the same complaint. Round upon round of boisterous laughter literally shakes each rafter, and the St. George's Hall show must be seen to be believed. Joe Jaunting-car Brown is, us usual, business managing the concern, which, as a huge shriek, is well worth a visit. THE Cyclorama that everybody is just now talking about may be set dewn as something really new. It is impossible to describe it, aDd in the language of the ancients, " it must be seen to be appreciated. ' Briefly, it is the Battle of Waterloo placed before ut> in actual form, with thisadvantage: that we can get a much better view of the whole scrimmage than probably anybody who had a hand in it, not excepting the inevitable newspaper correspondent, who, we presume, existed in those days, and embroidered his narrative with the same gaudy mendacity that exists in our own times. The landscape is a study in itself, but the great fascinating attraction of the whole thing lies in the horror of the show, and one watches the pictured rush of cavalry against the obstinate Equares with a feeling of interest that it would have seemed impossible for a painted scene to arouse. Probably th* oft-sung and oft- storied valour of those fresh English yokels whom Bonaparte said must yield, but who did not, will come home anew to their descendants' minds through the agency of this Yankee enterprise, and at a shilling a-head it's worth the money. In fact, the Cyclorama is something that everybody should see, and as an historical, useful and intensely interesting exhibition it is, in our local annals, unique. THE Waxworks continue to be well attended. Arrangements have now been made by which Mr. Clark takes over this exhibition for a term. He will add further attractions. THE Fleas are just about finishing up ai- Bridge's Art Gallery, and they will shortly hop out into the provinces. WILL. WUIXJiURN. TO DABKKN GBB¥ HAIR.—Lockyer'e Sulphur Hair Bestow is the quickest, toest, eafeet, and cheapest. Large bottler Is. Gd Everywhere. 