Exposition of John's Gospel. (By tub Late Dn. Mackay) ' For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that wlio soover believeth in Him might not perish,' but have everlasting life.' — John iii 16! Last month we saw Christ's own ex planation tgvjficodcmiis of what the new birth was 'aiid how it was obtained bv pointing him to the picture of the serpent of brass on the polo, and showing that only bitten ones could look, and that all bitten ones who looked were healed. And so man, being a sinner, bud to come to God as a sinner, and see between him and God the Son of Man lifted up bear ing the sinner's sins. This showed God's great justice. Ttut iho Son of Man being lifted up did not make God love man. We arc thus taken lip to tho fountain head of all and shown tho love which pro vided what the justice demanded. We studied the justice which demanded the finifiifixion of the Son of Man. now we have to study the love which provided the Son of God. If the Son of Man must be lifted up, God spared not His own Son, but freely gave Him up* to the doath. There is no fuller, .clearer, or more porfect statement of the Gospel in all the Biblo than this text. It stands so like a magnificent diamond in its un speakable perfection, casting light oh all ; sides from its perfect 'beauty, that wo fool almost as if to touch it would be to dim its lustre, and to speak upon it would bo to obscure its brightness. Merely therefore to draw our attention to it, and to keep our thoughts clustering around it, ire would purpose to look at three points : First. The object of God's love ; God loved the « orld. Second. The measure and manner of God's love. So loved that He gave His ouly begotten Son. Third. Tho intention of God's love. To save any one who will believe. First. The object o£ God's love. When we speak of love — our love — wo generally think of an object that is lovely, loving, or loveablo. But God's own lovo — the love of grace — is not this, but the very reverse. Ho loves the world — not the good people, but the world of bad peoplo who had believed the devil in Eden rather than Him ; who had left the living fountain of waters, and sought out broken cisterns that could not hold water; who had broken all His commandmonts, and forfeited all his favor, and who were hist on the evo of saying, This is tho heir ; come, let us kill him, as they had killed His servants before, Such was the world which God's gracious love stooped down to look at, to pity, to save. Do we realise this— that God loves us however black, sinful, and ungrateful wo have been ? It is the first thing that we have to realise. Nothing that we can do could make God lovo us. Nothing that Christ did made God lovo us- God's lovo sprang from His own heart. God's lovo was towards a ruined, lost, guilty, con demned world, full of miserable, wretched ungrateful sinners, far from Him, without God and without hope. But although God loved the world, He could not savo a single man in it, because His justice barred the way. But wisdom divine stepped in, and show how justice and love could both be manifested. So wo see Second. The measure and manner of God's love.' He so loved it that He gave His Son.; This was tho' measure of His. love. ' Ho 'might hayb given each of us \- tll'e present of a'world,:bufc He Has dori'o much more; Ho gayo His own Son — Ho had not another Sou— He' had nothing' in heaven so valuable, and Ho gave His Son: to the sinful world. If all the angels in' heaven and al I the mpn on earth and all the devils in hell had been lifted lip, there ?would have been no such value as the Son of man lifted up. The measure is immense, the manner is wonderful. Ho gave Him,. He did not merely offer Him, Ifamanis dying of hunger and jrou give him a loaf of bread, he majr still die with the loaf in his hand, but the gift was his. So Jesus is ours as far as God is concerned, whether we boliovcd it or riot, and He gnve Him to bo lifted upon the cross. The verse begins ' For' — link- ing it with the last — ' He gave Him up to the death for us' — not merely to teach us or help us, but to take our place, to bear ? ur doom, to suffer instead of us, and 1 1 i gave Him as His only begotten Son The former vorse, speaking of. Ghxl's just demands, showed us Him as the Son of Man — the Sou of Him who had sinned. Here, when speaking of the provisions of love, wo are told of God's, only begotten Son. Such is the measure and manner of the greatest love gift to this poor world. ' Third. The intention of all this is to save as many as will bcliovfa it. This must be always put as a condition to shbw our confidence and dependence on the groat Giver. : If wo are dying of hunger and the bread is placed before us, we must eat it, else it will not profit. That is faith. So we read of feeding on Christ. ¥e must not be savin}.', Is it for me !J I can't feel it, I never earned it. It i.' God's love that has givon it, and each of us has. a perfect right, therefore, to go to God and say 'Jesus~is mine. ' Shall we go to G od iiiid say to Him. '0, God; I accept' Jesus for myself, because Thou hast given Him to me.' All who thus treat God are safe; God says they' shall not perish. No unsaved man ever went to God and said ' My Saviour;' no inan can call Jesus Lord but by the Holy Ghost. They say our Saviour, our sins, our God, but faith says ' My Saviour; my sins,, because my God 'gave Him for' mo.' Have we been at God claiming His great gift? It lies there for oiir taking 'up ; and if we are lost we shall have to stumble to hell over a given Christ. : Shall we not go to God and, simply on the ground that He has given Christ, say to Him, Jesus is mine. We must eaeli do this personally ?vriih God. Say to Him, 'My Saviour.' 