THE SILVER LINING. BOOK III CHAPTER TV-— ftfrtnitftued ) Lady Plorenco was looking very delicate; and at, the conclusion of the season, to whicli she had contributed almoBt her last spark o£ vitality, her physician bad ordered her to 20 at once to the Isle o£ Wight, whore she could absorb sea air without the dissi pations of Brighton. DykeFaucett, assiduous to the letter of his devotion, was not to accompany them, but had promised to follow them in his yacht, which was a new and all-absorbing toy at tbiB moment, and which was being fitted out in luxurious magnificence at South ampton. Lady Florence's marriage was arranged for the latter part of Sep tember, and was to take place at their house in Ventnor, as town is empty at that season ; and part of the bridal tour was to be taken in the superb "lo," a yacht of some 200 tons, fur nished with a regal magnificence and at a regal cost. Dyke had fully satisfied his not over- sec si tire conscience that, having failed in procuring any information respecting Dora's existence, through ;his banker," after the siege had. exterminated the weak and helpless in Paris, the dang«r of becoming a : bigamist was so infinitesimal that it .' was not worth a. second thought. He had, therefore, not a single care upon him, if we may except the ocean sional violet-perfumed missives which flowed in undiminished ardor from the chateau in Brittany, where the beau tiful marquise was saving her com plexion, and counting tho sands of life which were running swiftly through tho hour-glass of her hus band's life. "How deuced unlucky it would he should the old man stop out before September!' ruminated Dyke, after the ire- ceipt ot the last effusion, in which a F.S. stated that they had been ordered to take the invalid to Si,. Malo, "as he was becoming daily weaker, and the sea-air might prolong his life a few weeks ; longer they could not hope for." "I very much fear," continued Dyke, addressing the familiar demon in his soul, "that should such a contretemps occur Florence would bo obliged to go to the wall. I am equally engaged to each of them, and — I cannot marry them both." (Why not ? A man of such infinite resources might do any thing. A triple bigamiBt is an anomaly, to besure, even in a novel of the present day, but I have no doubt it could bo done, and has been. We have the assurance of that keen student of moral anatomy, Solomon, that " there is nothing now under the sun and in the grout menagerie of the world there glide monsters beside whom the " wolf" wo.uld seem a meek household pet, wearing the "sheep's clothing" of Poole and others of his craft.) "Yes," mused Dyke Faucet!:, com placently, as he dawdled over his chocolate at mid-day, " Florence would have to succumb to" the force of circumstances and the energy of that little brum, for Pauline would marry me in spite of everything, even were we, Florence and J, standing at St. George's chancel-rails — she is such a fiery little diablesse. She would not suit me, by a long shot, as well as the other ; she has fallen over head and ears in love with me, and that is so deuced unfortunate — in a wife. Her devotion was be coming oppressive when that Dnus ex machina arrived, recalling her to her post at her lord's bedside. I wonder what he is worth ? They lived well, but one cannot always tall. Well," yawning, "I shall just look in at Tattersall's and at White's, and then ho ! for Southampton and the isle of Wight." For a telegram had just announced to him that the " >o " was in readiness, awaiting his commands." CHAPTER V. There ia nothing a man Irnows in grief, or in sin, , Half so bitter as to think, " W-int l might Iibvo been." "Lydia, and this thought haunts me and troubles me ceaselessly ; and oven Were it not so, can X ever hope for peace whilst that poor child remains in that pestilent land which reeks even yet with crime and rebellion ? It is not safe for her, it is not human to allow her to be so exposed, —fragile, delicate aa a flower, and; alone in a strange land." Aud. .Ronald Buchanan, lying on a louDgo in the cool, shaded library at Wood land Parsonage, with Lydia sitting on a low ottoman by. his side, almr;i:.t groaned aloud. His Bister's tender eyes grew soft with sympathy as she replied iu a sweet, low voice, " It is pitiful, but it is better so. You tell me she has a man-Bervant with her ; is he not entirely reliable ?" " I feel convinced that he is ; I have seen his fidelity, his (honesty, , and his courage severely tested, and those are three attributes of a good servant. I have sent him my address, and bidden him write me each week." "And Dora — does Bhe writs nlaor1" "Yes. Ah, do not blame me; I must be able to judge for myself, in this case;" for a sadder look had shadowed Iiydia's face. She smileil a little now. "Do you think, my boy, that in this case you are un impartial judge?" Do you not be lieve that passion may overthrow in a . moment the stores of wisdom laid, up through years of experience. You must not pride yourself upon reason, when lovo haB made you most un reasonable." He took her hand and kiss 3d it, " Ah, that is so like old times, Lydia . — just a wee bit of 0, lecture, tempered by your sweet voice and loving eyes. But what would you have me do ?" "Pray !' " I cannot. There is no answer to such prayers ; there is not oven hope in tho noxt world, since our lives must be perfected here, or carry the incompletion intojthe life beyond. It seems to. mo that there woull be bnt the ghost of our nature left after casting the shell of memory, hope, and humau love; snd there can be none of these in the heaven above, for 'there is perfect rest.'" lie sighed impatiently, and rising abruptly, paced the room. It was not difficult to Bee that rest and he were no lotiger friends ; the calm, phlegmatic tempar- ament bad become nervous, irritable, petulant ; the smooth white brow was wrinkled into a frown ; the clt-u , grey eyes looked strained and sunken in their hollow sockets ; the firm mouth was set in the stern lines of an unconquerable grief. Lydia's heart grew Badder as she watched him, noting the changes which had been wrought, and into ber memory stole two lines of French cynicism — 1'iis dee femmes quo sommes-nous f Dcs psntins qu'on ballots ! For it seemed to her strong, pure, nature that love must be void of selfishness, and that although it is surely the sweetest, yet it is not the duty of man or woman ; and she saw clearly that in this case it should be resolutely stamped out, even though the .spark of Bonald's .life — or Dora's — should be crushed under foot in the doing of it. To her upright, uncompromising integrity of character no h aif- measures Were justifiable. " To daly with wrong which does not harm " had always been an inconceivable paradox to her unclouded reasoning. The demon of sophistry fled before her steadfast outlook, and she never ventured in those crooked labyrinths where wish-fathered thought loses ituelf irretrievably, and the pale shade of a self-constituted mortality is seined, in lieu of the stalwart Bub- stance girt about with the law and gospel of one's inner consciousness. If Lydia felt the tenderness of her affection for her best-loved brother overweighted in the faintest degree by pity, and its twin, contempt, that so fine a nature should have suc cumbed in such disastrous fashion to passion for a woman, it was but for a moment, for quickly her sense of justice interposed, and she remem bered that he was a man, of different quality of fibre, nerve, and a lesser power of endurance than women, and therefore the "mene tekel" of a' woman's judgment could scarcely fail to be faulty. And then all other thoughts were swallowed up in the great wave of sympathy for a trial so bitter as this, and she spoke to him lovingly and comprehendingly, avoiding the plati tudes of condolence, which Bhe felt would but chafe him ; withholding all remonstrance that in his present mood would prove futile as unwelcome ; and though she dared not point at hops, and would not hint at the possibility of forgetfuluesa, so exquisite was her tact, yet, when he left her, he felt that the keenest agony had passed away. Her last words rang in his ears exultantly throughout the long, swinging walk which was to insure him a good night s rest. So we'll not dream, nor lookback, dear, she had whispered, Hnt march right on, content and bold, To where our life sets heavonly clear, "Westward behind the hills of gold. CHARTER VI. "I have nothing further to say to you, sir. You have heard, and thoroughly understand, I believe, my decision ; either you give up this mad freak of yours to go over to France almost upon the eve of your weid-ug- day, or you cut yourself adrift from me for ever !" Sir Philip's voice was strong and clear as these words fell slowly from his lips, but his face had grown white with the indignation and anguish which was biting " sharper than a serpent's tooth " into his good heart. Dyke Faueett, perfectly cool, calm, and handsome as ever, indolently lounging in a groat bamboo smoking-chair, whilst he enjoyed his delicious cigarette, glanced through half-closed eyes at his guardian, who continued emphati cally — f " The whole course of your life has been a source of self-reproach to me. 1 have been culpably weak, and be cause I traced many of your faults of character to that fact I havo been lees harsh than you deserved. Of your ungrateful neglect of myself, and the estate of which you beliove jourselfto be the heir, I shall say, nothing; but of your profligate; habits whilst abroad, of the stories which are told of your extravagance and recklessness, I am not ignorant, as you imagine. You have disap pointed and grieved mo inexpressibly,' but to my knowledge you have not yet brought my name into dishonor, aud, by Heaven, sir, you never shall !" Dyke arose slowly to his feet, stretched himself, yawned slightly, and pulled the bell. Sir Philip grow a shade paler. Can it be believed he loved this man with a yearning affection still ? Mothers of prodigal sons who havo killed tho fatted calf 70 times 7, read me this liddle! Yet a flash shot forth from Sir 1 Philip's gentle hazel jeyes as Dyke ! addressed the servant, desiring him to I send a message to the captain of the 1 " lo " to command that all should be in readiness to sail on the morrow. 1 After the door had closed and Dykd had resumed his seat, Sir Philip, leaui ing slightly towards him, said, " This is your answer, then ; you repudiata my claim upon your obedience, re- : spect, gratitude ; with your own hand i. you sever all tie between yourself and me?" " By no means," answered Dyke at last. " 1 have already explained to you that my temporary absence is un avoidable ; were it not so, I should not dream of causing this excite ment," He replaced his cigarette and smoked placidly. " How can it be unavoidable ? If it is a question of money, there is my cheque- book ; if not, what could take you away at such a time at the risk of postponing your wedding-day, or breaking off a marriage which waB arranged by mo» and to which my honor is pledged ? East assured, Dyke, F.orence meant what Bhe said when she told me this morning that you had refused her request and might accede to mine, but that she would find it very difficult to forgive a discourtesy of such marked nature." Dyke raised his shoulders, and his lip curled slightly: "All talk — for effect ; she will not let Ellingham slip through her lingers for such arrant nonsense as this, i am obliged to go, and I informed her of that fact. Should she take exception to it, she may, and that, is 'he end of it; she loses Ellingham — no;, me." " But Elhughain is not yet yours, monseigaeur," replied . Sir Philip, quietly. " And should you be so un fortunate in wind or weather as to be absent from your post at this place on the 23th — JSlliiu/ham never will be ! ' - There was no oath, nor the slightest raising of the voice to emphasise this determination; but anyone looking into the drawn, resolute face (the face of the man who had been true to his one love for 45 years, who had been faithful and trustworthy through his friendship for her living, constant and unfaltering in his memory of ber dead, who now looked into the heart less, beautiful face of heir boy, to whom he had .never denied a wish, upon he had .lavished tenderness for her sake, and read therein the cold deep-seated egotism, the hollow nature, the false soul), would never have doubted but that he was able, and would be willing, to carry out to the letter his intentions. He was not a man given to idle threats ; he never used a mean weapon; his sense of justice was correct and keen, and he never wasted words. Dyke felt that " the game was up," but be did not relax a muscle, or change his languid attitude, or allow his clear complexion to alter by a shade. " Surely, sir, you do not imagine that I should so far forget my posi tion as to dispute your disposal of your own property ! I am under end- Jess obligations to you already. You have called me ungrateful; perhaps you do me injustice there. I am not ungrateful " ' (a little tremor in his voice here, admirably done). " I will bid you good-day, sir, until the 2Sth. Fovewell." He bowed low, aud when Sir Philip raised his head from his hand — he was alone. The air still vibrated with the melodious, trainanle voice of hi3 adopted son ; he almost regretted hav ing spoken so harshly — "the fellow evidently had some feeling hid den away under that Btoical in difference. How Bad his voice sounded, and how it trembled with emotion ! Perhaps, after all, ho vras forced to go off at this unseemly timo; still, there would be a terrible fiasco should he fail, to return before the 2Sth. The earl would have an attack of apoplexy, and the Btorm would burst upon my un lucky head l" Dyke, alone on tho sands, strode -moodily back and forth, with hands thrust in to the pockets of his shoot ing-coat and head bent in meditation. At length he drew forth a letter, in which the Marquise de Courboisie, in her indecipherable French griffon- nage, shot forth from behind the bulwarks of on inch-deep black border of grief her last quiverful of arrows. If they were not poisoned, they wero gold- tipped, therefore quite as deadly to Dyke Faucott's peace. For her " pauvre marquis," ju' consenting to die at last, hsd recompensed her for lisr impatience by several surprises. Ho died at Sr. Malo, in his bath-chair on the beach, whilst his wife sat at a little distance, absorbed in the fertile invention of . Mons. Balzac, aud the ssa sang a dirge over him for some 15 minutes before his servant knew that the weary soul was free. He had left ample instructions with his physician, who telegraphed at once to Paris to his friends, the Baron de E— — -and the Marquis de H , also to hie legal advisers. They, in due course, appeared at St. Malo, and were received by the charming widow drowned in tears and crape. The will was read, and Pauline was compelled to bear a succession of shocks which ' were far from disagreeable. :- TO BB CON'i'lHULU. 