EAGLE HA WK. V (FROM OCR OWN" CORRESPONDENT.) Sunday, 4th August. Mission.—Mrs. Bjeyertz, the converted Jewess, \v!u> is conducting » ten days mission in the several churches, delivered an address this evening in the Town Hall, under the auspices of the ivipleh.tv.-k Ladies Prajer Union. The hall wa3 crowded, sitting room not be available, and many had to return tion.e again. The service opened with a hymn, followed by prayer. Mrs. Bravertz then read a portion of the 3rd chapter of St. John, and intimated that she intended during the course i.f her address to speak of 'The unpardonable fin," and on Monday evening at the AVesle.van (Jiinreh of her conversion over 18 years ago. The preacher choose as her text the words "Ye must bd born again." In opening, she spoke of the receiving and believing of Christ. It was no use trying to be religious if there was nothing to work upon. A person must believo in Christ before he received the new life. There were a number of church members who were not converted. Although they followed thu usual routine of church matters, they were still unconverted, and at the call of Christ they would be judged 110 better than the worst of sinners. The author of this new life was the Holv Ghost, the third person in the Trmty. The unpardonable sin was adirectsin against the Holy (ihost, and she found it running right through the bible. Some [bought it blasphemy, but the preacher assured those present that the sin was nothing that the lips could utter, if no, she. would have committed it as a Jewess. It was simply an act of the will. No converted person could com- 1 uiit that sin against the Holy G host, but an un converted one could. It was a persistent rejection of the Holy Gho«ti in his testimony that Christ was the son of God. It \v;is 110 uso tryiug to believe apart from the Holy Ghost. During the past si\ months over thirty intidels had been converted in London, and one of her greatest conversions was that of an in fidel named Daley, residing at Yea. . That gentle man had been an unbeliever for over 30 years, but through her instrumentality, he became a Chris tian, and was now known all over that district as p. preacher of the gospel, and an upholder of God's word. The imp irdonable sin showed itself in two ways. 1st. The calling out of all the malignity in the smil against Christ; and secondly utter carelessness or indifference. In conclusion, the preacher urged those present, in an impassioned appeal not to put aside the only remedy by rejection, but to receive Christ as their Saviour. The address throughout was splendidly delivered, aud listoned to with marked attention. A united choir led the sing ing during the service. Miss Taylor presiding at the organ. 