Steaming on the (Australian) Rhine. (By PAUL TWYFORD.) Still in point of natural beauty the Hawkesbury is much superior. Nothing is barren ; vegetation of some kind-from the stately blue gum to the dwarf mangrove fringing the creeks and river banks, all is green and healthy- looking. Besides, my attention to my interrogative fellow-passengers, I found time to discuss the Ri\er Navigation Question with the Manager of the Company, who was also taking his holidays like the rest of us and who I found to be an intelligent, liberal minded gentleman-albeit, a bit stubborn in his ideas respecting our attempts to get the traffic back to Windsor. He did not know the river above Sackville, and, therefore, spoke from hear say. He seemed to think, however, that the Windsor committee had grossly exaggerated the thing when they stated that £100,000 a year had been lost to the town through the river being silted up. All the traffic on the river did not amount to that. I answered his objections, and endeavoured to show him that it was not only a question of getting back what we had lost, but of building up a passenger traffic beyond anything before dreamed of. Let the travelling public know, 1 said, that your steamer will go straight up 10 Windsor, and that the wretched journey by co.ieh, and all the discomforts of shifting from one ni xie of conveyance to another will be at an end, an 1 you will get lifty passengers where you now gjt but one. Besides, they now miss twenty miles of the prettiest part of the river, which c mi Id !>?: doivj in comfort, initead of being jolted a!on,4 .1 rough, monotonous hush road. He con curred to some extent with my view of the case, and i do believe in his inmost soul that ni magjr is a convert to my ideas of river navi gation to Windsor-but, ol course, as manager of a company whose steamer draws eight feet of water, lie could not possibly admit the fact. Any. how, we got along amicably-especially as it was now time for luncheon, and really a very good luncheon Messieurs the stewards had provided for us. I am not going to give the bill of fare here-there is no necessity to do so ; the spread was certainly far beyond my expectations, and were I to advertise the good things in full, I am afraid there would be a rush from Windsor next excursion, and the steward of the ss. " Hawkes bury" would soon find his supplies run out. Suffice it to say, everything was good, well cooked, well and smartly served, and though one missed one's beer or porter, a splendidly brewed cup of tea went a long way towards making up the deficiency. In voyaging, as in travelling, those little common-place things go a long way towards making life pleasurable. Given a small steamer, a close cabin, the smell of oil, a dirty steward, and a bad cook, and one might just as well be located among the Esquimaux during the long winter months of an arctic year. In this respect-as well as some others-the present management has made a great change, and voyaging in the com pany's steamers is a pleasurable experience com pared to the past. Still steaming away, and with no stoppages to pick up passengers, we pass Gentleman's Halt, Mangrove Creek, Singleton's Mill, Sentry Rock, and other well-known land marks, until we reach the Ferry, where no longer is seen that famous old ruin, in which the bones of old Solomon Wiseman were interred. Why the old structure was taken down puzzles me-unless it be that the Primate was so scandalised at the sacrilege committed by the travelling British Goth, whose distinguishing proclivity is to deface the works of both man and nature by scribbling his own cognomen of John Brown or James Smith upon every available flat surface. There were some curious specimens of cali graphy upon the walls of old Sol Wiseman's church-and some, no doubt, were very irreverent -though those of Louis Lind, a some-time resi dent of Windsor, were works of art in their way. Anyhow, I do not think these harmless embellish ments were sufficient to render the old church unfit for public worship, had it been restored which I think it could have been at no great ex pense. Old Wiseman's ghost will surely walk o'nights when it finds the old church built by his hands when in the flesh, substituted for another, perhaps of shoddy manufacture. At Wiseman's we found the " Charlotte Fenwick " at the wharf ready for the return to Peat's Ferry. She seemed full of passengers, and two or three of them jumped on board the " Hawkesbury," preferring to return to town via Windsor ; others, I believe, would have come only they feared losing the train at the Windsor end, doubting the arrival of our boat at Churchill's in time. Only for this I am sure our decks would have been crowded, instead of having lots of room to play quoits. Quoits at sea, I may remind your non-nautical readers, are made of grummets, or round rings of rope-the peg being stuck in a board which lies flat on deck. From Wiseman's to Colo the river contracts somewhat, and the scenery is certainly more Rhine-like than in other parts of its course. The " Milk maid " came in for considerable criticism as is usual, for it requires a big stretch of imagina tion trace a likeness to either maid or man; but like the famous White Horse of Wantage, it is there and will probably exist, and be known for ever as the Milk Maid. Further on, we pass by several orchards, and the homes of local-as well as national-celebrities are pointed out to the strangers- including the home of the late aquatic champion's (Peter Kemp) father. Then I noticed a substantial-looking two-storied house in course of erection-for Mr. John Gosper, of Colo, I was informed; while opposite is a well-built stone cottage of Mr. W. Newell's. This looks like having faith in our river, and I fully believe these spirited gentlemen will not regret what they have done. No stoppage was made at the Mouth of the Colo-which, by the way, was much admired by our passsengers, who were loud in their praise of its beauty. Our skipper was anxious to reach Churchill's Wharf in time for the Windsor pas sengers to catch the train, and therefore the fires were kept up at full height. A tea meeting had been held at Portland, and Everingham's little church was surrounded by a crowd of good folks who had travelled for many miles to be present thereat; while several deeply-laden boats were pulling up stream, and in imminent danger of swamping from the steamer's back-wash, Churchill's soon hove in sight, and after a few minutes steaming the beautiful straight reach of Sackville lay before us-the prettiest reach in the whole length of the river. Vehicles were in wait ing, and as it was only a few minutes after five, all anxiety as to getting home to Sydney that night vanished from the minds of the passengers, who were soon ashore and sampling the 'buses and waggonettes to their own liking. The " Hawkesbury " then steamed up the reach towards Ebenezer while your scribe and others took tea ; and by the time the evening meal was over we were alongside the bank at Mr. John Bennett's farm If report be correct, this gentle man is virtually the H.R.S.N. Company, and really, I think, it would be just about as well if the boat was his right out, for his energy and sagacity stamps him as just THE man to run a concern of this kind and make it pay. After a run up to Mr. Bennett's homestead, I found my way back to the saloon, and there spent a quiet evening in reading and chatting with the officers of the boat. The stewards were apt fishermen, and catching eels was the order of the night-they hauled them in over the stern regular monsters of the deep. TO BE CONTINUED. 