The lute Crown I'rliicc of Austria. (From Iho 8, M. Herald,) Londom. Fobrnarv 10. The myetory snrrounffing tho doatli of tiro CrowuPrlnooof Auatrla has givon risoto many conflicting statements. Tho following narra tives sopnly details of tho Torsions most widely olronlatou. Rudolph had for tho last throo yoars at least boon living in bad ways. His disapiiointmont at not havlug a son first ostraugod him from his wlfo, and his aabso- quont infidelities oomplotou tho separation. Gradually it booamo apparent that tho young pair, formorly so attached, woro loading a cat-and-dog lifo. Tho Princo, a uian of Blight build, norvons and syinpatliotio tomporamont, highly imaginative and oxoitablo, took to ox- cobsIvo drinking. Ho lost intorost in his litorary pursuits, as woll as artistlo etudios, and was always oravlng for oxoltomont. Ho did mad things whon out boar-shooting and door-stalking, and was frociuontly soon with flushed faoo. Ho took ploasuro In loose sooioty, and bocamO smitten with fondness for ghost stories awl, -spiritualism, and tho ond was that ho bDteitafchauntod with foar that ho might go mad, lifto Louis II. of Bavaria, Ho hnu an intriguo with a ilaronoss Mario von V. Young, a lady of 21 yoars, ono of tho beauties of Austrian sooioty. Sho bolongod to tho old Czooli family, and was tlio niooo of a woll- known Austrian sportsman. Tho aonuaintanoo botwoon tho bnronoBS and Crown Prinoo bogan soma months ago, and this increased tho ostrangomont botwoon Rudolph and Stephanio. Tho 1'riueo acarcoly mado any soorot of his dotormination to obtain a divoroo. Ho oouatod oonfidontly upon rooolvlng assistanoo from tho Emporor, on account of tho dlsap- poiutmont oxporioncod by his Majesty whon tho dootors cortiflod that tho Crown Prluaoss could havo no furthor issuo. To tho Crown Prinoo's snrpriBO and disappointment, tho Eraporor point-blank refused to oonntenanoo anything of tho kind. His Majesty profossad bimsolf, as ho undoubtedly is, vory muoh attaohod to tho Crown Prlncoss, and rotod his son for his nnmarital conduot. On Sunday, tho 27th January, thoro was a torriblo soono botwoon tho Prlnoo and his wifo, who threatonod to return to hor parents in Rolguim. Tho Kmporor told tho Prinoo ho would appoint him Govornor of Bosnia, and obligo him to go and livo at Sorajovo. Thoro, ho said, "you will havo to load a roputablo lifo, and thoro will bo an ond to all thono scandals." At tho Ramotimo tho Einporor cautioned thoPrineoss to bo inoro pationt with hor husband. Tho Crown Prinoo was soon for tho last timo in publio at tho Princess Rono's recaption on tho sumo Runday evening. Ho wus thon wearing a Prusfllan uniform, and soomod in gay mood, though flushedsomowhatand flighty. The noxt morning his fatlior sont to him ana ropoatou what ho had Baid on tho provious day, but with moro poromptorinoss, adding that ho would give tho Prinoo a wcok to mako a sub mission. and promise to load a hotter lifo. Rudolph got vory angry, loft hU fathor with out hissing his hand according to tho Austrian qustom, and striding away to hla apartaonts took off his uniform, pat on a suit of shooting clothes, and sont notes to Prinoo W. Philippe of Cobnrg and Count Jasoph Iloyos, inviting thom to join him at Moyorling for a couplo of days' shooting. Soon aftorwarde ho started for Moyorling in a two-horsod cab, drlvon by a man named BratfiHcb, a notod comjo singer. On Tuesday night tho Prinoo dinod with Count Hoyos, and stcadiod his nerves with a good doal of ohampngno. At first ho waB in vory low spirits, but gradually brightonod up, and aftor dinnor liratiiRoh, tho cabman, was sum moned to Ring for him. Tho Prinoo, Hoyos, and Drotfifloh romalnod togothor till 3 in tho morning, but during intervals botwoon lirat- fisch's songs tho Prinoo sovoral times loft tho dining-roomand wont to his study to writo lottors, which woro aftorwards found on his desk. At 3 a.m. tho oompany eoparatod on tho understanding that tho Prinoo would go out shooting at 0 o'clock in tho morning. From this point tho storios diffor. Somo making tho girl who committed suioldo not tho Baronoss M., but anothor young lady of tho Austrian ariatooraoy, of Portugnoso ex traction and fiorco tompor. On tho Tuosday afternoon, tho day aftor tho Prinoo's dopar- turo from Vienna, sho had boon out shopping with hor aunt, and gavo that lady tho slip whilo they wore In a wuroliouso togothor. On reaohing Moyorling oho insisted on soeing tho Prinoo, and at tho intorviow quito un nerved him. Sho stormod, wept, and doolarod hor shamo would soon booomo publio, and ondod by saying that unless tho Prinoo would take her openly under his protec tion, and olopo with hor for a few wooks, sho would commit saioido. Tho Prinoo was so frightcnod that ho dared not lot tho girl go back to Vienna alono, but proposed sho should romain for tho night at Moyorling ; sho was accordingly installed at tho loclgo of tbo head gamokcopor, a man named Qrathschaat. At night tho Princo slipped out and wont to tho gamokocpcr's lodge to soo his swootboarfc. At this hour tho under koopnr namod Woodring was goinng his sight rounds of tlio castlo grounds. Wood- ring had orders to call tho head lcocpor at > 0, and at tho hour appointed wont to tho lodgo and knocked at tho door. Ho wasctvrryigg . a- .doublo-barrollod loaded nn, whioh won olang ovor hie back, nnd suddenly, whilolio knookod at tlio front door of tho houao ho hoard the window at tho ido of tho houso onon and Romobody jamp out. Having no iaoa that tho Prioco wan in tho houno ho rnh : round,. Soolng a man sojiuiporinq away in tho dark ho Bhoutod to him to atoj) inetantly, and not getting an nnawor fired. Tho Princo . dropped, hit in tho shonldor. Wccdring harried up, and tho Crown Princo atrmriilinp to his foot, graapod out, "I am Archduke Rudolph s I am hit ; lend mo to tho Schlosn." Tho Princo ewoonod just as ho reached tho window, whero tho girl whom ho had left 'a fow moments before wan standing. Wood ring appears then to havo cnltori out in hin distraotion that ho had killod tho Princo, upon whioh tlio girl rotiredindismay.andawnllcnvpd . . tho contontn of a bottlo of poison whioh eho i had broughtwith hor. Tlio Princo recovering quickly from his swoon, ordorod Woodrinr . to holn him to walk to tho Sonioao, nnd gavo him strlot injunction to hold his tongue. Tho Princo then went homo shoitly after and ,, was found dead drenched with blood, and ,. lying half out of Ida hod with a revolver on tho floor. From another account it nppenra that when tho Princo went to Moryling tho Baronoss Mario disappeared from homo, leaving a noto for her mother, in which riio said sho was going to drown hcrsolf. Tho torrifiod mother instantly wont to Couut Toaffo, the Austrian Premior, and the lattor Sromleod to causo innuirios to bo mndo, and oteotivoH wore accordingly placed upon hor track. Thoy mndo tho dlneovory that nho was staying with tho Crown Trinoo at hrory- ling. Toaffo oonvayod tiiin information to tiie mothor, who, on Wodnesdoy morning, tho day of tho Hitioido, wont to the Emperor nnd laid tho mattor boforo him. On returning homo tho mothor found anothor lettor from her daughter, dated Mcryling. in which tho youthful baronoss announced that oho and tho Crown Princo had roaolred to commit suioldo togothor. It sooms that tho Prinao had promisod hor marriago as soon as lie ob» taiuod his divoreo from tho Prinocss, and whon ho Informed hor that this was now im possible owing to tho Emperor's refusal to consent to tho> divorce, they resolved to com mit suloido. This thoy did on tho Wednesday znornlnc in tho bedroom of tho Prinoo. When LoBohoti. tho Ttilot to tho Prinoo, cntorod tho bodroom in tho morning, after vainly knooking for admittance, ho found tho dead bodlos of tlio lovers lying ou tho bod. Boforo calling anyono ho earned tho body of tho Baronoss into an adjoining room, so that whon Princo Phillipino, of Colmrg, and Connt H. Hoyos, on being summoned by Loschell. ontorccl thobodroom, thoy only saw tho body of tho CrownPrineoandnaturally concluded itwas . a slmplo enseof suioldo, as wns ronortod to the Emperor. On being informed of his son's death tho Emperor at onoo nasnentod tho truth, and oxolaimod, "1 wonld ratnor havo lost a pro vince than this disgrace should havo befallen mo." Tho Rorao correspondent of the Daily New says ho was nblo to learn tho oxact particulars of what occurred nt tho Vatican between tho Holy See and tho Imperial family at Vionna on tho oocasion of Rudolph's (loath. ; ,Tho Popo rocoivod tho first Kilogram announc ing simply tho death of tho Prinoo to which his Holiness bimBolf wrote a reply of four linos, and this, for him. was an extraordinary thing to do, as ho has tlio greatest difficulty in. holding a pen. On tho following day there . oamo a long telegram from Vionna explaining tho wholo oirenrostanoos of tho case, from whioh It appeared that there had been both a snioido ana a duol. A difficulty therefore aroso to dooldo whothor tho Arohduko should havo religious barial according to canonical . law. snioido boing considered in tbo light of mAanees . 0 religions service is granted, but . not for thoso killed in duol. A congregation of tho oardinahi wan immediately called by > ordor of tho Popo to oxnmino into tho qnostion. Aftor a long discussion tho cardinals onmo to tho oonolasion that only ono dorangod In mind could iiavo cntorod into such a dual; and tho natural consequence of tho decision was that tho nocossary perm«'on was gran tod. Tho Emporor roo«',®d tho nows with tho doopost grari®« telegraphed to tho Pona K'" m fffoafc boroavomont his Holi- . . -uak nod spared aim tho groatost griof. 