'HOW CAN OUR CHURCHES BE MADE MORE USEFUL?" This was the subject of the Chairman's address to the Congregational Union oi South Anatralia delivered in the 8tow Leetore Hall on October 15. The Be v. W. Jones aaid that the March number of the North American Review had a aeriea of articles on the question—" Can onr Churches be made more useful?" That the question should be put in that way showed that the spirit of the times was not unfriendly to Christianity. Yet the fact of the question being put indi cated that thoughtful minds were of the opinion that Christianity as represented by the various denominations was not fulfilling its great mission in r way altogether satis factory. And this crinion was reflected by the ntteranoes of many of th9 leading minds within the Churches. "How," he asked, "osnour Churches be made more useful?" The facts of the New Testament (many of which the speaker quoted) furnished the answer—By a baptism of power from on high. This vt ould give the oonseoration, the edification, the fearlessness, to witness for and live for ChriBt. The ApoatleB as a foroe in the world were baptised and became changed men, and he went on to show that although the utteranoea of the Apostles in themselves had little trace of learning or eloquence, yet their simple and fervid testi mony, aooompanied with power from on high, ohanged the mind and will of multitudes. Without pasBing judgment upon any section of the Churob they could say that tne gift of pld was not upon them as tbey might have it. The earnest and devout of every denomination were oonsolous of a mysterious laok of power. As Churohes they needed power from on high to oultivat9 greater righteousness among themselves and to evangeUze the multitude. Again, torn tc the primitive Churoh for instruction. There was a time when that Churoh was helpless, when it eonld do nothing to rescue the world from sin and wickedness. She, however, had received a command to tarry iu Jerusalem, "They all with one aocord continued stead fastly in prayer." If the numerous eelt-oon etitnted advisers of the Churoh had been in existence then as now how they would have derided the company of men and women bo anxious to be true to their Lord ! They were in earnest and believed in the Lord's promise. Then as to the Lord's appearance to the dis ciples on the evening of the first day of the Re surrection,thePasohbl gift of the Holy Ghost. As Canon westoott explained It—"The charenturistio effeot of the Pasohal gift was shown in the new faith by whlohthe disomies were gathered into a living eooiety." The pLscb&l; gift gave them the faith, joy in one another's fellowship, the enduranoe to wait and pray for the promised gift of th'e Holy Spirit. In theae days of science and proud philosophies faith in prayer was regarded in certain qnartera as a sign of mental In feriority. Happily the glamour oi scientific thought in regard to spiritual matters was losing its spell and sovereignity. Men were beginning to Hston With renewed interest to the opinions Of men Who had as muoh right to be heard in matters religions as the most accomplished scientists of the day. John Poster a remetfeable utteranoe in his essay on the epithet "" Romantic" was quoted io regard to the power of a praying Church. Thsrsr. -gentleman dealt at length on the Lord's teaching with respeot to the Churoh's need of the Holy1 Ghost lor usefulness. The oommaod of Christ, " Qo ye and make die -cities tftlP- thdnatious," &o.;, and the Lord's | ntteranoe before His asoenslon, "Teahall i receive power when the Holy Ghost ii come | | upon yon," &&, were referred to, and the remark made, "If words mean anything, and if solemnity 'of oooadon can ad a to their elgnifioanom we have here I the answer to the question "How oan oar I Chnrohes be made more naefnlf" The answer to this question had nothing new abont it It was simply a resort toinatra mentalities that were old and yet ever new. They might adopt fdr pnlpit themes snbieota social, politioal, semi-truthful, semi-profane, or nonsensical—they might institute servioes gorgeons and cultivate magnifioent singing, choose this or that philosophy as their method of reasoning, and be endowed with commanding eloquence, and yet do really nothing to transform the hearts and wills of men and women. On the other hand, having few of these ac cessories, bnt possessing the presenoe of the Holy Ghost, they wonld be mighty in their war against sin and selfishness. There was a danger in these daye of progress and desire for something new of overlooking the faot that the seoret of spiritual life and enooeee was the same now as in the days of old. In their baste to improve Christian doctrine they might nnoonsoionely come to think of the "aword of the 8pirit" as a two handed weapon, stowed away in some mnsenm of cnnosities illustrative of the prowess of old, bat of no service to-day. Having answered the snbjeot of the address from the New Testa ment, the rev. gentleman glanoed briefly at some of the great movements and victories of the Chnroh since apoatolio times, by whioh they were oonlronted with foots similar to those so oonspionona in the history of the early Chnroh. He referred to the confessors and martyrs of the Chnroh, and stated that the era of the Beformatlon owed everything to revived faith in the ministry of the Holy Ghost. Lnther, Zwingle, and the strong brotherhood of men who shook Europe fell back upon the promises of the Holy Spirit's presence in a similar manner as the Chnrohes j of the martyr and apoatolio days. Some time before Lather broke from the Roman Chnroh he had learnt the meaning of trne repentanoe. It waa not. however, till he felt the quicken ing of the truth, "the jut shall live by faith," that he beoame the power to liberate nations from the yoke of priescoraft. As they understood it there was a degree of troth in prieatiBm. It was a half truth; and therefore more dangeronB, if rested in, than a doctrine whioh was wholly false. " We oan only overoome itB menacing influence," the speaker oontinned, " by proclaiming the whole trnth. SaoerdotaliBm oan be over oome only as we preach the true and glorious doctrine, 'the priesthood of all believers.' j Romanism and the High Chnrobism of a powerful section in the English Episcopal Church are not diminishing influences in our communities. The strength of these systems lies in two doctrines, viz., the presenoe of the Holy Ghost in the Church through her priest hood, and the real presunoe in the sacrament of the Holy Communion. The tendenoy of oeitain sohools of Protestants is to explain away the sacrificial significance of the Atonement and to interpret the Biblioal references to the Holy Ghost as figurative of general divine influence. Better that the world ebonld have preserved to it these two great dootrines by prieatly systems than it should lose them (if suoh were pos sible) through the rationalizing of non priestly systems. If we virtually expel the Atonement and the Holy Ghost from our j creed and belief we shall be impotent com pared.. with eoolesiaatioal Churches in witnessing for Christ in the world. Dr. Dale in a sermon on the Holy Ghost says:— " It in not the perfection of its organization that enables a Church to redeem men from their sins and lead them in a path of | righteousness. There have been preachers in the Chnroh of Rome, apite of its monstrous polity, who have done infinitely more for mankind and for God than whole crowds of preachers, eloquent, learned, and orthodox, in J the purest Protestant Chnrohes. There is no 'power,' no 'holiness' in Presbyterianism, in Methodism, in Congregationalism, in Episcopaoy, to work the spiritual miracles by whioh the lives of individuals and communities are transformed," This teaoh ing has remarkable thongh unconscious illustration in the manner in which the olaime of denominations are regarded by average Australians. Some say they are deficient in historical inBtinot. Certainly they show a languid interest in the struggles of their anoestora for the vindication of this or that denomination. They take things as tbey find them and jndge aooordingly. The test they apply is more praetioal than poetical. They jndge of a tree by its fruit. They know that all Chnrohes in these lands stand upon a perfeot equality. If tbey see that a priestly system Is more in earnest for God and more safe for the good of men than anti-priestly systems we know to which they will give their support. We believe that priestoraft is baneful to spiritual liberty and vital godliness. The only possible way in whioh it can be overoome is for as to pray the Father to make all onr people " Rings and priests unto God" by the quickening baptism of the iHoly Ghost, This trnth seized the mjnd and heart of Lntber, Melanethon, Zwingle, and the Reformers. Then they accomplished their great work. The falsa gaoerdotaliem was opposed by the true sacer dotalism. The gifts of the Holy Ghost were proclaimed ae the privilege, not of a class, bat of the whole believing multitude. The period of the revival nnder Wesley and Whit field witnesses in comparatively modern times to the power of the Holy Ghost. Bo th these men knew a time of only average usefulness. There oame, however, an epooh in eaoh life and ex perience, after whioh they beoame obanged even and wielded immense influence over the people. By their earnestness they altered the religiose aspect of England. It was the experience of the apostles over again." Fnrtber on the speaker said—" Critics who ask what has nineteen oenturies of Chris tianity done for the world forget that modern mieaione are not much more than a oentnry old. We, too, sometimes forget this fact. It is a truth that should inspire a glorions faith. ... If by prayer and trne earnestness we wish the presenoe of the Holy Ghost the jubilant aeng of trinm- j phent achievement for God and hie I Christ will sonnd and reecho through the ' whole of onr oolonieB. These new lands are beginning to make their inflnenoe felt fn the old world. If the Chnrohes do their duty what may not Australia do for the honour of Christ and the good of men, W° are not cramped by the fetters of tradition and custom as on the other side of the world. No Cbnrch trne to Australian peopte will allow itself to be shadowed by old-world prestige. God and Christ alone mast he in onr thoughts. Labouring nnder snob oondi tionsa glorious dream of Australia's power for trne religion fills the mind. We want bnt the baptism of the Holy Ghost in oar democracies, and Australia will lead in the van of the armies of the Prlnoe of Peace. In conclusion, we want, as says William Arthur, 'in this age above all wants, fire, God's holy fire,'burning in the hearts of men, stirring their brains, thrilling in thdr tongues, glowing in their conntenanoe, vibrating in their notions, expanding their intellectual powers, rasing all their knowledge, logio, and rhetoriolnto a burning stream.'" 