THE DAY OF REST. SPIRITUAL KNOWLEDGE AND ITS PRACTICAL RESULTS. By C. H. SPU&GHON.; " For this cause we also, I since the day we beard it. do not teaie to pray for yon, and to desire tbat ye mt(ht be filled with toe knowledge of His will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding; tbat ye might walk worthy of the Lord onto all pleasing, being fruitful ID every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God."-Colosslans L B, 10.; For the church that was at Colosse Paul gave hearty thanks to God for many most important blessings, especially for their faith, their lore, and tbeir hope. It would be a very nsefnl exercise to our hearts if we would often give thanks to God for the gifts and (races which we discover in our Christian brethren. I am afraid we are more in clined to spy ont their faults, and to suppose that we deplore them, than we are to discern the work of the Holy Spirit in them, and from the bottom of onr hearts to give thanks to God for them. Paul felt encouraged by what he eaw in the Coloaalan believers to pray to God to enrich them yet further. It should be onr desire tbat our best brethren should be better, and tbat those who are most like Jesus should be still more completely conformed to His image. We cannot more wisely show our love to onr friends than by first acknowledging the grace which is in them, and then by ptaying that God may give them more. Paul, as with Bn eagle eye, surveyed the church at Colosse, whloh he loved so well, and he noted that it was somewhat lacking in know ledge. The Colostian brotherhood differed con siderably from the church at Corinth, which abounded In talent and was enriched with all know ledge. The Colosslans had fewer gifted brethren among them who could act as teachers; and though this was no fault of theirs, it impoverished them in the matter of knowledge; and as Paul would not have them behind in any desirable at tainment, he ^therefore (prayed for them that they might be filled with knowledge in all wisdom and spiritual understanding. If you read this epistle through, you will observe that Paul frequently alludes to knowledge and wisdom. To the point in which he judged the church to be deficient he turned his prayerful attention. Be would not have them ignoiant. He knew that spiritual ignorance Is the constant source of error, instability, and sorrow; and, therefore, he desired that they might be soundly taught in the things of God. Mot that they were destitute of saving know ledge already, for he says in the sixth verse that they " knew the grace of God in truth," and that they had brought forth fruits meet for salvation; but saving knowledge, though it be the most essential attainment, is not the only knowledge whleh a Christian should seek after. He longs to be tuefui as well as to be safe. Being himself delivered out of darkness, he strives to brine others into the mar vellous light of grace. Paul would have his brethren throughly furnished for sacred service, knowing the will of the Lord themselves, and able to teach others. He desired for them that they might possess comfort ing knowledge, atrengttiening knowledge, edifying ledge, so tiiat they might be ready for all the trials, dnties, and labours of fife. Upon this subject I am led to make four observa tions, and to enlarge upon each of them. May the Holy Spirit by this discourse build us up in the knowledge of God. My first subject is the great value of intercessory ' prayer, for as soon as Paul felt bis heart burning with love to the saints at Colosse, and had heard of the work of the Spirit among them, he began to show his love by lifting up his heart in prayer for thorn. Be did that for them which he knew would bleu them. Notice, that intercessory prayer is a very impor tant part of the work of Christians for one another. We are sot sent into the world to live unto our selves, bnt we are members of one body, and each member is expected to contribute to the health and the comfort of the whole. It is true we cannot all preach, but we can all pray; we cannot all distribute alms from out substance, but we can all offer prayer from our hearts. In temporal things we may not be able to enrich the chnrch for lack of substance; bnt il we fail to blesB the church by oar prayers it will|be for lack of grace. Whatever you fail in dearly beloved-and I pray you that you may in nothing come behind-yet do not fail la prayer lor all the saints, that every blessing may abound towards them. Intercessory prayer is to be esteemed as an in valuable proof of love and as the creator of more love. The man who will truly pray for me will cer tainly forgive me readily If I offend him: he will relieve me If I am in necessity; and he will be pre Eared to assist me if I am engaged in a service too ard for me. Give ns your earnest prayers, and we know that we live in your hearts. How sweet it is to be permitted thus to manifest our love to one another. When our hand is palsied we can still pray; when our eye grows dim we can see to pray; when by sickness we , are altogether laid aside we can still pray; and . when we meet with cases in which we are unable to help, and yet are moved with sympathy for a brother, our sympathy can always find one open channel, for we can pray, and by prayer call in the aid of One whose help is effectual. Therefore, by , your love to your Lord, and to all those who are in i Him, I beseech you abound in intercessory prayer, as the apoBtle did. Intercessory prayer, again, is most valuable, be . cause it is an infallible means of obtaining the bless* ? ings which we desire for our friends. It is not in : vain that we ask, for it 1B written, " Every one that askethreceiveth." It is not in vain that we intercede for others, for the Lord delights to answer such : petitions. The unselfish devotion which pleads as . eagerly for others as for itself is ao pleasing to the \- lord that He puts gnat honour upon it. If we ; desire any blessingfor our friends our best course is to pray-even if He would have them to be filled with knowledge in all wisdom, our safest course is : to pray that it may be BO. Of course, we must not ; forget to instruct them and to aid them in their own studies as far as lieth in our power, for every honeBt prayer supposes the use of all proper means; but the instruction which we offer will be of no servioe unless we first bring down the blessing of Ood upon it, that thereby our friends may be made willing to learn, and may receive the truth not as the word of man, but as from the lord Himself. . None but spiritual teaching will nourish spiritual life. The Holy Ghost must teach divine truth to ' the heart, or it will never be truly known. Whatso ever thou wisely destrest for thy friend, go about to get it for him; but hasten first to the throne of grace. If thou wouldst have thy friend converted if thou wouldst have him strengthened, if thou . wonldst have him taught of God, if thou wouldst '? have him quickened to a nobler life and elevated to a higher consetcraUon-do him this great service, take his case before the Lord In prayer; and in so doing thou bast gone tbe wisest way to work to enrich Dear friends, our intercessory prayer will be all the mora precious it it is an intense expression onto God. I suppose that by the use of the word " desire" here, the apostle not only explains how he continued to pray.but in what manner he prayed with "desire. Bemember how onr Lord puts It " with desire have I desired to eat this paisover with yon before I suffer." I wish we could always say "with desire have I desired in prayer. I did not repeat merely complimentary benediction npon my friends, but I pleaded for them as for my life; I im portuned with God; I offered an effectual inwrought prayer, which rose from the depths of my heart to the heights of heaven, and obtained an audience with God." Fervency Is a great essential for vic torious prayer. Goa grant us to be importunate, for then we shall be invincible. Our Becond obserfation from the tert is this-we learn here the preciouanesss of spiritual knowledge: for all this earnest, ceaseless prayer is offered lor this end. "that ye might be filled with the know ledge of His will in all wisdom and spiritual nnder standlne." Here let ns speak of the usefulness and blessedness of that spiritual knowledge for which the apostle and his friend cried inoesiantly unto the Lord. First, consider the men for whom this knowledge is desired. They are saints and faithful brethren, of whom we read that they " knew the grace of God in truth," and were " bringing forth fruit" unto God. For those who know the Lord already we must not cease to pray. They are not beyond the need of our prayers while they are in this life. We may pray for those who knew nothing of the Lord, that he would open their blind eyes, but even those who have been taught of God already are in need of our suppli cations that they may ham yet more. We have great encouragement to pray that they may be filled with all knowledge since the Lord has already done so much for them. We dare not say in this case that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, for a little knowledge of the things of God may suffice to save the soul; but more knowledge is a most desirable thing for those who have that little knowledge. Pray, therefore, for them. Let not your prayers plead only and altogether for the unconverted, but entreat for our young converts that they may be further edified. It will be an ill day when we are so engaged in seeking lost sheep that we forget the Iambs. It would be very'mischevous for us to neglect our work at home in order to cart; on warfare with the adveraary abroad. No, let us cry to God daily in prayer that the stones lately quarried may be built up upon the one foundation, and embedded in the walls of the church of God unto eternal glory. We desire life for the dead, health for the living, and maturity for the healthy. For the deeper in struction of our younger brethern let us pray. "All wisdom," Bald the apostle-many handed wisdom, wisdom of all sorts, wisdom that will serve yon in the shop, wisdom that will be useful in the counting house, wisdom that will aid the church of God, ana wisdom that will gnide yon if yon are cast among the vilest of mankind. May you " be filled with knowledge In all wisdom." But that wisdom which operates without must be attended by a spiritual understanding which is powerful within. I hardly know how to explain this-it {B an inward knowledge of truth, the know ledge of the inward^parts of things. It is a spiritual discernment, taste, experience, and reception of truth, where the soul feeds upon It, and takes it into herself. We know many men who knowmuch, bat understand nothing. They accept implicitly What they are taught, out they have never con sidered It, weighed it, estimated it, found out the roots of It. or seen the heart of it. Oh, to have in the church men foil of spiritual understanding. These can nay thst they have tasted and bandied < the good word of life, and have pro red and tested' tbe truth as it is in Jesus. Ton koow how it was with tbe sacrlftoea of old-a man who was poor - brought turtle doves or plgeoni, aod of these we read of each bird. " Tbe pneat shall cleave it with tbe wings thereof, but shall not divide it asunder," ' bnt a man who was rich in Israel brought a bollock or a sheep, and this offering was not only cleft down the middle, bnt fnrther divided, and tbe fat and tbe " inwards" are mentioned in detail. The poorer sacrifice represents tbe offering of the nninstruited ; they have never rightly divided tba word of God, ana know not its falness of meaning; bat the """* wbo is rich in grace is comparable to htm WHO b.*ought his bollock, for be can enter into detail and see the secret meanings of the Word. There is a deep which lleth under, and he that is taught of (be Lord shall find it. .' The secret of the Lord is with them tbatfear Him, and He will show them His covenantand blessed axe they that are taught of tbe Lord, so as to read the mystery of His grace. Here, then,is a grand petition for ns. Togo back to .our first bead, let our intercessory prayers ? go up for all our brethren. Lord teach them Xhy word. Let them know Thy book from cover to cover, and let the tiathe therein revealed enter Into them nntil they are filled to the brim. Then grant Thou them the skill to use In dally life the knowledge whloh Thy Spirit has Imparted, and may they more and more ui their inmost souls be guided into all truth, that .tbey may comprehend with all Baints what are the heights, and depths, and know the love of Christ which pameth knowledge. Now, thirdly, let ns see in the text a lesion con cerning tbe practical result of spiritual knowledge. Paul prays for his friends, " that ye might be filled with the knowledge of Hia trill in all wisdom and < spiritual understanding; that ye might walk worthy of tbe Lord unto all pleasing." See, see the drift of his prayer. "That ye may walk. Not that ye might talk, not that ye might Bit down and medi tate and enjoy yourselves, bnt "that ye mlgbti walk." He aims at practical results. He desires that the saints may be instructed so ? that they may walk according to tbe best model. By walking worthy of tbe Lord Jesus we do not understand In any sense that he expected them to posse BB such worthiness as to deserve to walk with the Lord ; but he would have them live In a manner that should be in accordance with their communion with Christ. Yon would not have a man walk with . Christ through tbe streets to-day clothed in motley garments, or loathsome with filth-would you 1 No,. if a man be a leper,-Christ will heal him before He will walk with him. Let not a diaelple walk so as to bring disgrace upon bis Lord. When you walk with a king, you should be yourself royal in gait: when you commune with a prince you should not act tbe clown. Dear friends, may you know so much of Jesus that your lives shall become Christ-like, fit to be put side by Bide with the character of Jesus, worthy of your perfect Lord. Thi« is a high ttandard.islt not? It is always better to have a high standard than a low one, for you will never go beyond tDat wbich you set up as your model. IE you geta lowstaudard you will fall below even that. It is an old proverb, " He that aims-at the moon will shoot higher than he that aims at a bush." It is well to have no lower standard than the desire to live overagain the life of the Lord Jesus-a life of tenderness, a life of self sacrifice, a life of generosity, a life of love, a life of honesty, a life of body service,, a life of close communion with God. Mix all virtues in due proportion, and that is the life of Jesus ' towards which you mnst press forward with all your heart. Look at the text again-'- That ye might walk ? worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful." Paul would have ss producing tbe best fruit. Without knowledge we cannot be fruitful; at least in the points whereof we are ignorant we mnst fail to bring forth fruit. Therefore would He have us to be right wrll taught, that we may abundantly produce fruit unto God's glory. He says, " fruitful In every good work," and this means much. He desires us to be as full of good works as we can hold. Some are hindered in this because they do not know bow- to set about holy service. How can a man be lruiUul as a preacher if he does not know what to preach! lime, be may preach tbe elementary doctrine of tbe crOBS, bnt even that be will be ape to set fortb in a blundering manner. For certain a man cannot teach what he does not know. Tbe zealous, bnt un taught man, would be much more fruitful it be had a clearer understanding of divine things,. In daily life, if in knowledge yon are ignorant as to tbe things of God, you will be ready to become the prey of any false teacher who may chance to pick you np. In hundreds of ways ignorance will make yon run risks, dangerous mistakes. Knowledge is food to tbe true heart, and strengthens it for the Lord's - work. Oh, to have knowledge placed like good soil aronnd the roots of the soil to fertilise tbe mind, tbat thus the clusters of usefulness may be as large as those of Kahcol- beautiful, plentiful, sweet, and full. May our Lord, the King of Israel, to whom tbe vineyard belongs, receive an abundant reward for all his labour for the vines which He has planted. There is another note In this verse which I beg yon to notice. Paul would have them cultivate a comprehensive variety of tbe best things. He says, " Fruitful in every good work." Here is room and range enough-" In every good work." Have yon. tbe ability to preach the gospel t Preach it. Does a little child need comforting 1 Comfort It. Can yon stand np and vindicate a glorious troth before thousands! Dolt. DoeB a poor saint need a bit of dinner from your table I Send it to ber. Let works of obedience, testimony, zeal, charity* piety, and philanthropy all be found In your Ufe. Do not select big things as your special line, but glorify the Lord also In the littles-" fruitful in every good work." You never saw in nature a tree whlcb yielded all forts of fruit, and you never will. I have seen a tree so grafted that it produced four kinds of frnitiat one time; bnt I remarked tbat H was spoor business in reference to two of the varieties, for ona of the grafts more natural than the others to tbe Sarent stem, drew off tbe most of tbe sap, and ourisbed well, but robbed the other branches. Tbe second sort of fruit managed to live pretty fairly, but not so well as it would bave done on ita own stem. As for tbe third and fourth, they were mere attempts at fruit of the smallest Blze. This tree was shown to me as a great curiosity; it Is not likely thst practical gardeners will be encouragedl by tbe experiment But what would you think of a tree upon which yon saw grapes, and figs, and olives, and apples, and all other good fruits grow lng at one time? This is tbe emblem of what In structed believers will become; tbey will produca all sorts of goodness and graciousness to the honour of their heavenly Father. I bave no doubt that yon will naturally abound most in certain good works for which yon have tbe largest capacity but still nothing ought to come amias to you. In the great bouse of the Church we want servants who will not be simply cooks or housemaids, but! general servants, maids of all work, prepared to do anything and everything. I bave known persons in household employment in England who would not do a turn beyond their special work to save tbeie master's lives; these are a sort of servants o£ whom the fewer the better. In India this Is carried to a ridiculous extreme. Tho Hindoo water- bearer will not sweep the houte^ nor light a fire, nor brush your clothes-h» will fetch water, and nothing elio; you must, therefore, have a servant for each separate thing, and then each man will do his own little bit, but ho will not go an inch beyond. When we enter into Christ's church we should come prepared to wash tbe saints' feet, or bear their burdens, or bind up their wounds, or fight their foes, or act as steward, or shepherd, or nurse. It has been well said that it two angels in heaven were summoned to serve tba Lord, and there were two works to be done, an em« pire to be ruled, or a crossing to be swept, neither angel wonld have a choice as to which should ba appointed bim, but wonld gladly abide the will of the Lord. Let us be equally prepared for anything, for everything by which fruit can be produced for tbe Well- Beloved. 