DEVELOPMENT OF POPERV. III. The thirteenth and tourteenth cen turies, were filled with their arrogant demands from, and assumptions over, the sovereign powers of Europe. Conrad, duke of Suabia, and Frederic of Austria, were actually beheaded at Naples by order of Clement IV. ; and another emperor, Henry IV., is supposed to have been poisoned by a wafer, in taking the sacrament from a Dominican monk. Their excommunications, — their wars, — their vindictive quarrels with kings, and with each other, — these things swell the numerous volumes of ecclesiastical histoiy. Nothing, indeed, is so revolting in all the onnola aP flio mnnlrl aa fliA mulirvnovif bitterness of these vicars of Christ against each upon different occasions. The example of the pontiffs was not lost on the bishops, abbots, and inferior clergy. These, even in the time of Charlemagne, had actually obtained for their tenants and their possessions an immunity from the jurisdiction of the counts and other magistrates; as also from taxes and imposts of all kinds. But they carried their pretensions still further, — aimed at the civil government of the cities and territories in which they exer cised a spiritual dominion; and even aspired to the honours and authority of dukes, marquises, and countB of the empire. The nobles were for ever resist ing, in their respective domains, the assumptions of the clergy in matters of jurisdiction and other affairs. These, therefore, seized the opportunity which was offered them by the superstition of the times, to obtain from the king the ancient rights of the nobles ; and, as the influence of the bishops over the people was greater than that of the nobility ; the kings, to secure the services of so powerful a priesthood, generally granted their requests. Thus they became bishops and abbots clothed with titles and dignities so foreign to their spiritual office, — reverend dukes, marquises, counts, and viscounts ! It was not, however, by these means only that they sought dominion over the world. They had a thousand arts to rivet their power into the souls of the people. Councils were one of them. As if the sacerdotal name and inculcations were> not influential enough, they sought, by- collecting together all the dignitaries ofthe. church into one place, to invest them with a more awful character; and to render the enactments of these priestly con gresses everlasting and indissoluble laws. These enactments were such as— the worship of images, decreed in the council of Nice, 787 ; the holding of a festival to the virgin mother, instituted by the council of Meutz in the ninth century ; taking the cup of the sacrament from the laity ; and a declaration of the lawfulness of breaking the most solemn engagements' made to heretics, by the council of Con stance in the fifteenth century ; with a thousand other despotic or absurd decrees against all sects, and all freedom of opinion ; and for the institution of exclusive rites and festivals. The establishment of monkery was another means of building up a perfect despotism by the papists. These orders originated in the third century, and multiplying through successive ages, became, hot only various iu name, but countless in number : spreading in swarms throughout every part of Christendom ; propagating superstition, lewdness, and ignorance ; acting as spies and supporters of the papal dominion ; fixing themselves in every fertile and pleasant spot : awing and wheedling' the rich and foolish out of their lands and possessions ; and at length, bursting out into the most bitter quarrels amongst themselves, became like so many rabid dogs before the public eye ; and hastened, in so small degree, the downfall of the church which had set them lin for its nun snnnrvnfc. Thnir aa wall oo the secular clergy, were forbidden to marry ; and hence flowed a torrent of corruption throughout the world. In the third century they formed, says Mosheim, connexions with those women who had made vows of chastity; and it was an ordinary thing for an ecclesiastic to admit one of these fair saints to his bed, but still under the most solemn declarations that nothing passed contrary to the rules of chastity and virtue ! These holy con cubines were called mulieres subintroductcs. These fellows too, especially the Men dicants, wandering over Europe, were the most active venders of relics, and propa gators of every superstitious notion and rite. Their licentiousness, so early as the fifth century, was become proverbial ; and they are said to have excited thus early, in various places, the most dreadful tumults and seditions. In the next cen tury they multiplied so prodigiously in 4-hA AO of fhof nrnnla nnmiAa 4 U<i«a uuv vumiw uuuiu niiuigo iuiguu uavo been raised of them without any sensible diminution of their numbers. In the western provinces also they were held in the highest veneration, and both monks and nuns swarmed. In Great Britain, an abbot, Oougal, persuaded an innumer able number of persons to abandon the affairs, duties, and obligations of life, and to shut themselves up in idleness, or to wander about in holy mischief. In the seventh century, the contagion spread still more enormously. Heads of families, striving to surpass each other's zeal for the advancement of monkery, shut up their children in conventB, and devoted them to a solitary life as the highest felicity. Abandoned profligates, terrified ntT Kn m ti reinlfn onnomannao nrnna with the delusive hopes of pardon, by leaving their fortune to monastic societies. Multitudes deprived their children of their rich lands and patrimonies, to confer them on the monks, whose prayers were to render the Deity propitious. In the following century the mania had reached such a height, that emperors and kings conferred whole provinces, cities, and titles of honour on these creatures. In the succeeding ages, so much did their licentiousness and ignorance increase, that in the tenth century few of the monks knew the rules of their own orders which they had sworn to obey, but lived in the most luxurious and prodigal magnificence with their concubines. The fourteenth century was distracted with the conten tions of the various orders of the monks, who had grown so full of wealth, luxury, pride, and all evil passions, that they not only turned their wrath against each other, but against the popes themselves. Their bitter and presumptuous bickerings filled this century with the most strange and hateful scenes. "We must pass over an infinite quantity of the monkish history, and content our selves with a few remarks of Mosheim, on their state in the sixteenth century, at the time when their crimes and excesses were bringing on them the Reformation. The prodigious swarms of monks, says this historian, that overran Europe, were justly considered as burdenB to Bociety; but, nevertheless, such was the genius of the age, an age., that was just emerging from the thickest gloom of ignorance, and was suspendedj \as it were, in a dubious situation between darkness and light, that these monastic drones would have re mained undisturbed, had they taken the least pains to preserve any remains even of the external air of decency and religion, which distinguished them iu former times. But the Benedictine, and other monkish fraternities, who were invested with the privilege of possessing certain lands and revenues; broke through all restraint, and j made the worst possible use of their opulence ; and, forgetful of the gravity of their character, and of the ' laws of their order, rushed headlong into the shameless practice of vice, in all its various kinds and degrees. On the other hand, the Mendicant orders, and especially the Dominicans and Franciscans, lost their credit in a different way ; for their rustic impudence, their ridiculous superstitions, their ignorance, cruelty, and brutish man ners, tended to alienate from them the minds of the people They had the most barbarous aversion to the arts and sciences, and expressed a like abhorrence of certain learned men, who, being eagerly desirous of enlightening the age, attacked their barbarism, in both their discourses and their writings : — this was the case with Beuchlenius, Erasmus, and others. The Dominicans possessed the greatest power and credit of all monks ; — they presided in church and state ; were con fessors to the great, and judges of the horrible Inquisition — circumstances which put most of the European princes under their control ; but, not content with these means of influence, they resorted to the most infamous frauds, to enslave the icnoranne of the aere. One of the most singular instances of this sort, is that recorded by Beuchat, in his Histoire de la Reformation en Suisse, by Hottiriger, and by, Bishop Burnet, in his Travels on the Continent. So remarkable is it, that we must give it as compendiously as we can. " The stratagem was in consequenoe of a rivalry between the Dominicans and Franciscans, and more especially of their controversy concerning the immaculate conception of the Virgin Mary. The latter maintained that she was born without the blemish of original sin ; the formor asserted I the contrary. The dootrine of the Franciscans, in an age of superstition, could not but be popular ; and hence the Dominicans lost ground daily. To obviate this, they resolved, at a Chapter held at Vimpsen in 1604, to have recourse to fictitious visions, in which the people at that time had an easy faith ; and they determined to make Born the scene of their operations. A lay-brother of the name of Jetzer, an extremely simple fellow, was fixed on as the instrument of these dolusions. One of the four Dominicans who had undertaken the management of this plot, conveyed himself aanwAflw infn .Tnlvna'a aaII nnd nKnn t mirlninlil: appeared to him in a horrid figure, surrounded with howling dogs, and seemed to blow firo from hiB nostrils by means of a box of combustibles which he held near hiB mouth. He approached Jetzer's bed, and told him he was the ghost of a Dominioan whohad been killed at Paris, as a judgment of heavon for laying aside his monastic habit ; and he was condemned to purgatory for thisorime, and could only be rescued from his horrible torments by his means. This story aocompanied with horrid cries and ho wlings, frightened poor Jetzer out of what little wits he had, and engaged him to do all in his power to resoue the Dominican from his torment. The impostor then told him, that noth ing but the discipline of the whip applied for. eight days by the whole monastery, and Jetzer's lying prostrate on the ohapel floor in the form of a cross during mass, could effect this. He added these mortifications would secure Jetzer the peouliar favour of the blessed Virgin ; and told mm ne wouia appear to mm agatn, witn two other spirits. " Morning was no Booner come, than Jetzer related these particulars to the whole oonvont ; who enjoined him to undergo all that ho was commanded, and promised to boar their part. The deluded simpleton obeyed, and was admired as a saint by the multitude who orowded about the convent ; while the four friars who managed the imposture, magnified, in the most pompous manner, the miracle of this apparition in their sermons and conversations. Night after night the apparition was renewed, with the addition of two other impostors, dressad like devils; and Jetzer's faith was augumented, by hearing from the spectre all the secret of his own life and thoughts, whioh the impostors had got from his confessor. In this and subsequent scones, whoso enormities we must pass ovor, the impostor talked much to Jetzer, of tho Dominican order ; which, he said, was pecularly dear to the blessed Virgin ; that the blessed Virgin knew herself to be born in original sin ; that the doctors who taught the contrary, were in purgatory ; that she abhorred the Franciscans for making her oqual to her Son; and that the town of Born would be dos troyed for harbouring such plagues within it.. " In one of these apparitions, Jetzer, silly as he was, discovered the similarity of tho spectres voice to that of the prior — who it actually was— yet ho did not suspoot the fraud. The prior op peared in various disguises ; sometimes as St Barbara, sometimes as St. Cernard, and, at length as the Virgin herself, clothed in the habit wbion adorned her statuo at festivals. The little images that on these days are set on the altar, were use for angels, which being tied to a cord whto passed through a pulley over Jetzer's head, ros up and down, and danced about the protau1. virgin, to inorease the delusion. . Tho vhrg addressed a long discourse to Jetzer ; gave him marvellous wafer, — a Jiost whioh turnod, in moment, from white to red; and after van -visits, in -which the greatest enormities were acted, tbe virgin-prior told Jetzer she would give him the most undoubted proof of her Son's love, by imprinting on him the. five wounds that pierced Jesus on the cross, as she had done before to St. Lucia and St. Catherine. Accord ingly she took hiB hand, and thrust a large nail through it, which threw the poor dupe into the greatest torment. Tbe next night, this mas culine virgin brought, as she pretended, some of the linen in which Christ had been buried, to soften the wound; and gave Jetzer a soporifio draught, composed of the blood of sn unbaptized child, some incense, consecrated salt, quicksilver, the bnirs of a child's eyebrows, with some poisonous and stupifying ingredients, mingled by the prior with magic ceremonies, and a solemn dedication of himself to the devil, in hope of his aid. This draught threw the poor wretch into a lethargy, during which the other four wounds were imprinted on his body. When he awoke and discovered them, he fell into unspeakable joy, and believed himself a representation of Christ in the various parts of his passion. He was, in this state, exposed to the admiring multi tude on the principal altar of tbe convent, to the great mortification of the Franciscans. The Dominicans gave him Borne other draughts, and threw him into convulsions, which were followed by a voice conveyed through a pipe into the mouths of two images, one of Mary, tho other of the child Jesus ; the former of which had tears painted upon its cheeks in a lively manner. Tho little Jesus asked his mother why she wept ; eho answered, for the impious manner in which the Franciscans attributed to her tbe honour that was due to him. " The apparitions, false prodigies, and abomin able stratagems were repeated every night ; and were at length, so grossly overacted, that even the simple Jetzer saw through them, and almost killed the priest. Lest this discovery should Bpoil all, they thought it beBt- to own the whole to Jotzer, and prevailed on him to join in the im posture; engaging him, by tho moBt seducing promises of opulence and glory, to carry on the delusion. Jetzer appeared to be pereuoded, but lest he should not be faithful and secret, they attempted to poison him ; and it was alone owing to the vigour of his constitution that they did not succeed. Once they gave him a rich spiced loaf, whioh growing greon in a day or two, he threw a piece to a wolt's whelps, kept in the monastery, and it killed them immediately. Again they poisoned the hoBt, or consecrated wafer ; but he vomited it up. In short, the most detestable means to destroy him and his evidence were em ployed ; but he succeeded in getting out of the convent, and throwing himself into tho hands of the magistrates. The whole thus came to be sifted out ; commissioners were sent from Home to examine the affair ; and the four friars were solemnly degraded, and burnt alive, on the laBt day of May, 1509. Jetzer died soon after. Had he been destroyed before this exposure, thiB execrable plot would have been handed down to posterity as a stupendous miracle." 