The returning officer for the School District No. 176, Eastern Riding, announces the return of Mr Paul Clegg to a seat on the Board of Advice. At the Healesville court ou Tuesday a man named Isaac Ulysing was fined Is or 24 hours imprisonment for being drunk in a public place. Mr J. Green, J.P., presided. Typhoid fever is not so prevalent in the district as it had been. Two cases have lately occurred at Ringwood and Croydon, but both patients have now gained convalescence. There are no cases in Lilydale at present. A man named Markham was brought before Mr J. Green J.P. of the Healesville Police Court ou Wednesday, and charged by Constable Martin with being drunk, and disorderly. He was fined 2s 6d, or 48 hours in durance vile. Yesterday, just before dinner time, a man -named Grey whilst working iu a clay pit adjoining Mr Cook's brickyard met with a serious accident. It appears that a quantity of earth fell away, and falling on him broke one of his legs and inflicted other injuries of a more or less serious uature. He was taken to the hospital by the afternoon train.* A bazaar in aid of the building fund of the Yarra Flats Church was opened yesterday afternoon in the public hall, and will be continued to-day. Lilydale visitors will have an easy and expeditious mode of teaching the Glen by train. A full report of the proceedings will appear in our issue of Wednesday next. A man named Thomas Langton was brought before Mr »V.. Laidlaw, J.P., on Wednesday, charged with being drunk and disorderly. Defendant was arrested by Constable Taifc on Tuesday evening find oaused some trouble : in taking him - to the lock up, necessitating the assistance of a. bystander. A fine of 5s. or 24 hours' imprisonment was imposed. An accident happened neo.r Fernsh&we; 011 Saturday last to two brothers named Costorphin, who .reside at Cheltenham. They -were .driving in a buggy when, the horse bolted&nd; one of the brothers was thrown out, the wheel passing over one of his legs. The Mxflerer was taken to Dr. Dutton's : j&iig;^rjv jwhere.it was found the leg had : lieen torn, and. bruised. After havmg ( it) dressed thejsuffi^er returned hom«i. " - - ' , /! * ' r 1 1 ' -'fi. Chandler, theVeU-fenOwo ——— \--^-lipbolson street,' Healesville, :met wjBii a painful iaccident ou Tuesday lad/. He Was returning home frpm the waterworks" and jnut before Crossing g^fae Gf&cebiirn; bridge the' horse«tumhled, and B&fore;'sit recoV6red : -i**= feet the wheel of the jig passed over "" otejtruction, and the jolt threw Mr CI OTC of the-vehicle. Luckily assistan— .— at hand, for when picked up he was inseu Bible. Mr Chandler wa&conveyed; home and it was found thiitl h&J;&honlder; and other *>f his body were severely braised. ... —j in connection with the Idlj^da.le - BaptistBible Class was given last Wedue^day evening. About 50 'persous sat down to an ample tea, after which the evening's programme was' entered upon. The first -part" "consisted of a shor t address by Mir Ager and a recitation by Mr Smith, with instrumental"- J and ; vocal selections 'from' Mesdames Jlamel and Smifch, Messrs-Joy and Cox, some of the Bible Class members, and -by the brass band, lite third, land most enjoyable part to the young people, was spent by them in the vestry, where games were indulged in, while those who had " put away childish tilings"" had more music and singing. A very pleasant evening "was spent. *- To representatives of- the Press all over the world the privilege of visiting entertainments free of . charge is accorded by caterers for public amusement, the notice of the performance in the columns of the papers represented being regarded as sufficient recompense for free entry. Takiug advantage of this well Known fact, two young men described as "well dressed and apparently respectable" passed themselves into the Lynch Family's entertainment on Tuesday evening by representing themselves as Press men, aud when the actual representatives of the local paper arrived shortly afterwards they had to pay to obtain admission. It is needless to say that Sir.' Cyuch Was annoyed at the trick that had beeu played upon him, and when he comes here again will take .care to issue tickets to newspaper men, and only admit those who possess them. The monthly meeting of the Seville Band of Hope was held in the State School on Tuesday evening, 15th inst. There was a large attendance, the building being packed. "The Rev. J. L. Green occupied the chair aud delivered an excellent address on the evils of intemperance, urging upon all present to become total abstainers. An excellent programme was then rendered in a satisfactory manner. Mr T. Payne led off with a reading, " Wheq may a Scotchman be called drunk." Mr J. Hadaway then followed with a recitation, " The Modern Locliiuvar," which greatly amused the audience. Recitation, " An excuse for Zeal," Mr T. Payne, recitation, " Johnny Rick," Mr W. Hada way rendered with his usual success. Recitation by Mr W. Thompson, " Perdition Read," was loudly applauded, and a recitation, "The Ghost Player," by Mr J. S. Downham, concluded the programme, which was interspered with selectious from Hoyle's melodies. Miss M. A. Downham presided at the harmonium. After a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting closed by singing the Temperance National Anthem. A meeting of the Yarra Flats Board of Advice was held at the state school on Saturday for the first time for many months. The delay has been caused by the fact that four of its members had to be appointed by the Government, as no nominations were re ceived at the time of the elections. At tlip meeting on Saturday Mr R. R. Woolcott was again appointed chairman and correspondent for the Board, which office he has held ever since the board came into exist ence. The chief business of the board was to make preliminary arrangements for affording the school children attending four of the schools in the district an opportunity of visiting the Exhibition. The fifth school (Christmas Hills) was not taken into consideration, as the head teacher had already acted in the matter without the assistance of the board. It was decided to have the excursion on the 23rd, 24th, aud 25th inst., if practicable, and it was deemed advisable that the parents should accompany the children and be responsible for them. The final arrangements were left in the hands of the correspondent. 