VIOLET HAMILTON; or, The "Talented" Family. : V- CHAPTER XVII.— (Continued.) . Herbert, fearing that the speaker was touched in the brain, became somo- what selfishly apprehensive about the ' cheque upon the Joint-stock Surrey and Middlesex Bank — which he would have v much preferred on Counts, Herries, Hankey, or 20 others of very inferior note on 'Change, to those magnates. , ' "I do not exactly comprehend," said he, doubtingly. " Ha ! ha 1 Not how your humble servant sees through a millstone? , . My dear sir, I see your card. I have a hint from head-quarters, or have found out, that a member of our pro visional committee was lately married ; I see your handsome lady ; I put this and that together. Ha ! ha I Lot me alone, Two and two make four — don't it? I am an old hand at figures." "Very figurative indeed, sir." . " Ay, ay, and at action, as well as figures. The direction,'' - siiyhrriever made a finer stroko than in my appoint ment; and you will yet, say so. ' Why, this very day I have had half-a-dozen . . applications, both from respectable parties wishing to transfer from estab lished offices to ours, and from new insurers. Dr. Jessop, vicar of Wliom- , leford, L3000 endowment' for a "niece; suspected to be a daughter But no matter. . Tho Doctor is a Churchman, aud never was mar ried ; so that the young lady must be a niece. He looks to the bonus ; does not clutch at our lowest rate — which, by the way, tho company doing tilings in so handsome and liberal a manner,' as to salaries, advertisements, ifcc., must cut sadly oh our profits. But, as the secretary remarks, if wo should divide but 3. per cent, what signifies that, if \ve do' throe times tho business of the high offices of the old school ? We shall cut 'em all out beyond a doubt. There is old Mrs. Qigginbotham, long the housekeeper and, scandal, sajs, tho chere amic, of Squiro Simp- i son — the most prudent and cautious of old ladies ; she last week bought an annuity from us. I believe she has lied about her age ; I don't think her above 6S, and she claims as 73. Well, that, I am instructed from the head- office, don't signify ; we do her as 73 for the sake of example. Sho has lately taken a turn to Methodism, and goes about every where among the evangelical ladies trumpeting up the Old Established Church of Eng land Philanthropic Office for Insurance against Fire, Assurance on Lives and Survivorships, Family Endownraents, and Defernk! Annuities ; all done on terms 40 pgr cent, more favorable to the insurer than in any other office in her Majesty's dominions. Archbishop ' of Canterbury,- patron ; Bishop' of London, ditto, Sub. . . . So useful an old lady deserves her policy free of ex pense, as L-have hinted to our counsel, Mr. Barker, to hint to MivTwigg." . " Mr. Barker, did you say, sir ? Mr. Burko Barker !" — "Ah-!-haVe.I blabbed-?V But.wQ are all friends. .Tlie triith is, sir,/ that though only our revising barrister, as I call him vin. a- joke, and -not an ostensible partner or functionary, Mr. Barker is tho soul of the concern. Ay, thero is the man ! Mr. Twigg, I understand, though lie signs the policies, is a mere capitalist— a man of . columns of figures; but for nice calculation, for finance, sir, Barker! Though holding aloof himself, he was the soul of the Provisional Committee; and, ' as I suspect, still is, though he does not appear — and will continue to be — no reflections — present company always excepted, you know — the main spring, the right arm of the philan thropic." Herbert Was stuniied. ' " I shall be obliged to you," he said, " for a sight of one of the company's advertise ments or schemes. I have been ramb ling and rusticating for some months, and am quite a stranger to London affairs." Tho truth was that' Herbert, like most persons uninterested, rarely looked at such advertisements as those with which the banker readily supplied him from a heap of newspapers lying beside hiin, and also with copies of the scheme and tables of the "Old Established Church of England Philan thropic Office," neatly printed in black, blue, red, green, and golden characters. Something like compunction visited Herbert for not warning this credu lous though conceited person of hi3 danger. "Do you, sir, seriously intend to give up your agency for the respect able House of Stocks, and turn your premises — you say they are your own property — into an office for this new company ?" he gravely inquired. " A question not to be asked, Mr. Herbert. Why, I have already been for some months doing a little, on the sly, for the concern. I am a con siderable shareholder myself ; bnt first terra, as soon as our new front is finished — beautiful elevation ! — I wish you would do me the favor to step . into the bank parlor and look at it. I have carte blanche for the expenses of alterations, so down I go with ' Branch of Stocks and Co.,' and hoist the colors of the Philanthropic. Hurrah !" Herbert know not what to say — what to think. "All the other offices in town are as jealous as the devil of our con- 1 ccrn, — and no wonder. Malicious whispers at first went about com mercial jealousy ; but I at once threatened prosecution, and had even commenced an action. Mr. Barker, our counsel, advised dropping the affair. Ho is a prime fellow — a real trump." "He was wise," said Herbert, coldly. " Meanwhile, if you could make it convenient to givo me gold for at least £100 of the cheque on London, it would oblige me, as I shall require a good deal of ready money on the road." Herbert, the married man, was becoming wonderfully prudent. Most assuredly," cried the manager of " Philuuthropio for tho Northern Provinces." "Anything to accom modate you, sir. Perhaps the whole price of the carriage aud horses might be convenient ?" " As you please," said Horbert, and the sum was promptly counted out in sovereigns and Bank of England notes. " Odd gold this is, which farmer Curtis paid in with bills and notes, in transferring from the 3 per cent, to tho Philanthropic — endowment for grandchildren — children of his deceased son. ... I regret beyond ex pression that your short stay must prevent Mrs. B/and sol£ enjoying the honor and pleasure of entertaining your charming lady and you boneath our humble roof. No getting -up a dinner one could ask a gentloman to iii this antediluvian boef-and- mutton concern of a town, as Mrs. B. calls it, without several days' notice'; nothing to be had for lovo or money presentable. Next 'year,' if' I have the honor to entertain you, or any of tho gentlemen in the Direction, . I .hope - to have both a little -more; elbow-room and better appointments. Along with the new front for the office, we contemplate- a new dining-room, a saloon, and drawing-room. . . I do wish that you could havo' leisure' to look at the elevations. Tho mail won't bo up for a full half hour - yet, and I should be so proud to .submit the plans to any gentleman who could report on them. Some of the best ideas the architect, by the way, stole from Mrs. B. Tho present, dining- room is only 15 by 19— a cage, sir— we condemn it for a nursery." . . "I- am extremely sorry," said Her bert, again moving to go,, his money safe in his pocket. . "But I beg seriously to assure you, -sir, that I aim no director of this or any 'other com pany upon the face of the earth, and, though astranger,Imust take the liberty of warning you to be very wary how you' engage with any new, fiaslrLondou Company, and break off a safe, .-profit able. and reputable connection with so respectable an establishment as that of Stocks." "New Flash Company, sir!" cried tho northern manager, greatly excited, retiring a step and rising on tiptoe. " You are not then the Charles Court ney Herbert, Esq., in the list of direc tors? This company was first estab lished and chartered, sir, in the reign of Queen Anne, sir — Anno Domini, 1705 —capital, £1,000,000. . . . It was intended to revive it by the name, of the Victoria Clerical Family Endow ment Friendly Association ; but Mr. Barker approved the old name, recog nised in George II., chapter 99th ; 15 George III.; chapter '45th ; and many subsequent Acts of Parliament ; and 500,000 prospectuses -'were'' coiisc-' quently cancelled. Surely you are the Mr. Herbert in the Direction? " ; "If I be, I shall not bo so much longer. Good morning,: sir." , : y Herbert had no. leisure to read the advertisement or study the flattering scheme of the! Clerical and Philanthropic until seated in the mail-coach, to which his new acquaintance attended : him. He. had not left the town a half-hour when tho -loungers- in-tho--winclowB-of-->'tho.' .roading-ronm, ..which was conyoiiiontly . situated Opposite the ihri':(a'y great desideratum in country towns), by some means or other, learned that the gentleman who had set off. was a principal shareholder and director of the office lately opened in the town, and. had brought down a handsome new carriage and horses, as a present from the head .office, to their zealous, able, and active . agent, Mr. Bigsby. Several new applications wero made at the office next day, both for. annui ties and assurances. Herbert . and Violet had the good: fortune to be the only" 'persons in the inside of the mail-coach ; and:, when, in compliance with his entreaty,', and- wrapped in his arm, sho tried to com pose herself to sleep, after .two nearly sleepless nights, ho laid . the pros pectus qiiietly : on his, knee, and began ,to study it with some curiosity and interest./ Though the Archbishop of Canterbury flouri shed as patron, and a noble lord, .then Governor-goneral of India, and there fore not likely to disturb' the com pany's appointments for some time as to its governor, Herbert could nowhere see the' name of Barker, nor of any ono Cryppes, save, "Consulting Physicians, Sir Henry Halford and Dr. Edmund Cryppes Quintin." His own name, or, at least, that of some Charles Herbert, Esq., was blazoned at full length along with that of Sir George Lees, Bart., M.F,. and a long list of names dear and familiar to the' ears of commercial England ; ar ranged in such wise that not ono bear ing the name could question of tho right of the company to make use ' of such well-sounding, though equivocal, appellations as Cosmo Labouchero, Porequin Bosanquot, Esq.; John Jonathan Hope, Esq,, of Amsterdam, Humphrey Rams- den, Esq.; Donald Trotter Coutts, Esq. ; Colonel Charlos Fox Wind ham ; Alfred John Whitbread, Esq.; John Pitt Smith, Esq.; Theophilus Bou verio, Esq.; Payne Smith Spooner, Esq.; &c.;, &c.;, on to whole a host of moneyed esquires, with a very attrac tive sprinkling of true knights, baronets, barons, and earls. There was but one marquis, but he was worth 20 — the Marquis of Westminster had the honor. - Along with these names there wero a good many familiar to Herbert ; and tho aftair seemed so utterly inconceiv able as a fraud that he began to imagine that it might possibly be a serious pro ject, and probably a liopoful one. Barker was a very acute man. Her bert knew little of business himself, save through those surprising turns of fortune familiar to every one conver sant with English manufacturing and commercial society, which, by the turn of the dico, oxhibits a man one day in all the pride of wealth and luxury, and, in the next, rotting in a gaol. No Cryppes was to be seen in any depart ment of the concern, save that little bit of patronage bestowed on Dr. Edmund, as Herbert supposed, in an office nearly honorary, which favor might be expected from a brother-in- law. This looked well — but thon Michael Twigg, Esq., the capitalist ? — yet there might be many Twiggs. At ovcry stage in which Mrs. Herbert had proccded tho travellers they found little pencil notes loft for them, which relieved Violet's im mediate anxiety. Save that tho money and tho credit with Herries, which Herbert had brought from London some months before, wore sonsibly diminishing ; that incipient symptoms of what ho laughingly termed the "good old gentlemanly vice," were manifested in lessened largesses to post-boys and waiters ; and that thoughts of tho future, not dark, yet tinged with gloom, would occasionally intrudo, ho was wonderfully restored in spirits, while bowling along in what the English sage, who had tried differ ent modes. of onjoyment, lias pronounced tho'v most: exhilarating human condi tion; and .with an- element of happi ness which Johnson did not take into account— tho lovely and beloved partner' of his lifo., and heart by his side,: silent, or smiling, with feelings, inallhis varying rdoods,' sympatheti cally, attuned to his. "VVlieti at Grantham the travellers overtook Mrs! Herbert, looking paler and thinner, indeed, than wlion they had parted, yet much better than the hyperbolical waiting-woman had given them reason to expect ; and when Charles saw tho younger lady spring into the arms of tho elder, and clasped.; his \vife and mother in . the' same embrace, tu happier ' three could not, perhaps; have. -been founchin Eng land. Next, day when Charles, seated between, the ladies, heard them ex changing those points in the history of tlieirseveral adventuressinceseparatiori which letters, evon ladies' letters, could but imperfectly record; he began to .understand how much ..of their dombsric 'Comfort, might depend on' their living together, and on'this lively interchange of grave or mirthful important nothings. How they did' laugh and chatter ; and how - much even Violet found to say, which Ish'oh had never thought of saying to / him. And dui'ing the three days they /were on the road, the samo perennial flow of talk continued, though it became more, varied and serious in character; for. now Violet, by her picturesque narra tives, contrived to interest his mother in details about the cottages and cot tage gardens, maidens, children, and matrons, which they had seen, and to ' which Charles feared 'Mrs. Herbert might havo been very indifferent if heard from other lips. He, therefore, began . to / believe that Violet bad, while judging only by lipr own feel ings, reasoned more correctly than himself ;: and. that Mrs. Herbert might not , only , contrive to do without Jenkins, ' and the many pretty new caps" and scarfs in which she had formerly indulged,' but. also without the society of those semi-fashionable spinsters and dowagers, who found her home pleasant at lunch time, and her carriage always convenient; or. those who had exchanged formal dinners and dull evening parties with her. On the 'last day, and at almost the last stage, Herbert.' yUoAad'.delayed-.tlielexplaha-.; tioii which . lie considered necessity, ' affectionately, requested- ':to 'know'- his mother's future plans.' / ' " My plans; Charlos !" returned the lady, ' -in some: Vsurpriso ; " like' /your wife's, my plans must. : depend 6n, yours. : YoU do ; hot surely mean to discard. me, now that I "am poor as well as lonely." , . - /'tMy own dearest ' mother,!' cried Charles, snatching her. hand, fondly, " tlicn we understand each other." " Did I not know it, Charles ?" cried Violot, with bright looks. . . . " Ulti mately my plans must depend i on yours, : toy son ; for the present exi- 'gency, I mean to put myself entirely into the; hands of. Mrs. Charles and old Marion;, who ;have so much more knowledge ;of.iwhat ,is "proper for us. I make lio .condition, savo that we remain one family. In heart and in-' /terest, . wo .never '.can be disunited; ;but I will not have even a garden wall 'separate usi" " Nor'sjiall it," said Herbert. . "A threefold cord' is not easily" broken,'! said Violet, pressing to her side the fair and delicate hand which ishe had clasped. i " Are we not, Charles, quite as we used to be ? " asked Mrs. Herbert, in a quivering voice. " A great many. 'thousand pounds poorer — the house is," replied Herbert, laughing, " than it used to be, I, how ever, congratulate you upon your philosophy, mother, by which I reckon to benefit." He did not now say that he feared the philosophy had not yet been fairly tested. "When I reflect upon the misery which this affair has brought upon so many of my Indian friends and acquaintances, some of them ladies in old ago, whose incomes were before too narrow for their comfortable mainten ance in that stylo of life which liabit has -made necessary ; and on those with young families, where delay of educa tion is next to ruin, I am ashamed of my selfish regrets; and now that I have got you both back, not, , as I foolishly feared, overwhelmed and in despair, but with smiling faces, as well as warm hearts, to soothe or gladden me, what is thero that a rational being dare murmur about? I should despiso myself as poor in spirit, as well ns most thankless to the Almighty for numberless mercies and blessings, if I durst repine." Herbert was delighted with this firm and cheerful spirit. He no longer hesitated to Icavo every necessary domestic change and arrangement to the judgment of his female allies, and to turn his thoughts wholly and steadily to his own department. CHAPTER XVIII. Herbert had resolved to begin to study law, as a profession. This demanded a long consultation with Mr. Gryphon, his solicitor, . whom he rightly regarded not only as an able lawyer, but also as a clear-headed, sound-hearted friond — as the term is understood in the best merely worldly sense — that is, a man capable of giving excellent counsel, and even of perform ing useful services, which involved no pecuniary risk nor responsibility. Her bert wouldnot willingly haveaccepted of more than this from his friendly solici tor, who, from very natural prejudice, perhaps fortified by shrewd observa tion, entortainud serious doubts of any young man of fashion, after tho age of 23, being capable .of tho persevering drudgery — as such a man must consider it — and long courso of steady applica tion necessary to make a thorough bred lawyer, IIe did not conceal this opinion when Herbert anxiously asked his advice. Indeed, many months elapsed before Gryphon reluctantly confessed that he might for once have been deceived, and that Herbert might prove an exception to the rule. In the meanwhile he gave an account of the double lawsuits in which Herbert was engaged. That with the Earl of Tarbert for the recovery of Mrs. Charles Herbert's fortune was repre sented as in a fair train, but Gryphon did not conceal that, although gained, of which thero was every prospect, the fortunate winner might be little the richer. Tho Earl, like many noble men whose estates are too largo for management, was in very embar rassed circumstances ; and his death — at his age not improbable, though not at present likely — might renew the suit if his heirs were troublesome. It was understood that, after tho Ijrst intelligence from , India, which made the Earl feel some alarm for the im poverished condition1 in which Ins- daughter Lady Laura might be left if., her expectations /through Mrs. Herbert failed, lie had insured his life for a considerable sunt; , \- " When the Earl gives up the ghost, we; miay -'attach- that," said' Gryphon.' " The provision made.for Lady Laura Temple seized , for my wife 1 O, no ; that may never be." ' " Will, though," thought' Gryphon, who fancied lib know how a very high strain of generosity in pecuniary mat ters usually ended. "Of tlie other pro voicing case I have better news. Old Cripps is quite willing - to compromise it, if you will engage to use your -influence with Mr. Stocks' to . ch'efek tho rigorous pursuit of his son- Jack. Stocks begins to be sensible that' lie . will do . his daughter no good by blazoning the absurd affair further, , and his passion ' has considerably' cooled down. Besides, the .mbst guilty party, in the opinion of every man of common sense conver sant with the case, namely, the dashing Mrs.; Burke Barker, has got off with .flying colors— complimented by tho judge! /She carries her head higher than ever. Mrs. Barker and /her- husband Are of the mysteries .of iniquity of tliis.good town." " Though I : am quite. of your opinion us; to Jack ' Cripp's comparative guiltlessness, scamp as he ' is, . . .1 ' shall never consent to any such compromise, though a word to Stocks could ensure me against further molestation, , Let them . and their pettifogging agents drop .the shameless suit, they nbyer should' have raised, and .then speak to mo about interceding, fo'r j.ack.'"., , ; ; El betlr6pped''"Barkbf'sbl) 'his'fadp' again3t! it ;Vho does not relish any, further 'eclat connected: with his wife's relations; and I believe 'his : voice./ is, potential in ,that:quarter'."!- 1 / What is Barker about ?" inquired Herbert with some . curiosity, remem bering, .his' provincial . friend, the banker. ,/; / ' " Heaven knows ; for a time he was overcast''; but ' he' has lately .flared up more, dazzlingly than ever. Ho has dropped the newspaper concern, I be lieve,- save as = an amateur to servo bis purposes but is still a mighty politi cian ; meddling, directly or indirectly, in almost every, contested election." .'TO BE CONTINUED, 