AMUSEMENTS. r~ -« THEATRE ROYAL. Last night a complimentary benefit performance was tendered to Miss Isabel Morris of the Royal Dramatic Company which for the past eight weeks has been playing successfully at the Theatre Royal. in the near future- Miss Morris leaves for America, and the performance last night was given in recognition of her services on the Australian stage, and in honour of her departure. The programme was if anything too varied ; still, all circumstances considered, there could not have been less variety. The curtain rose to scenes from the first act of " "Hamlet," given by members of the Town Hall Dialectic Association. This association is composed of officials connected with the municipal offices of Sydney, and they made their debut with the permission of the Mayor, under whose patronage, it may be added, the performance was given. For a first appearance the Dialectic Association were rather ambitious in their choice of scenes from the most subtle production of the world's greatest dramatist. This, however, may be pardoned as a common fault which prevails amongst amateur societies all the world over. The characters interpreted were Harriet, by Mr. Richards the Ghost. Mr. M'Rae: Horatio, Mr. Layton; Marceline, Mr. Palmer; and Bernardo, Mr. Paton. From Hamlet down each performer played with confidence, and each gave a literally perfect interpretation of the scene. Naturally, commensurate dramatic effect was lacking : but the performance was free from the overdoing which is almost always in- separable from attempts of the kind. The most in congruous part of the whole effort was the pronounced dialect of the Ghost. Nevertheless, the large audience evidently appreciated the effort of the Town Hall Dia- lect Association by demanding their appearance before the curtain. The selections from Hamlet were succeeded by the balcony scene from Romeo and Juliet. Romeo, Mercutio, Bcnvolio, and Juliet were parts filled by Messrs. Charles Warner, K. H. Vincent, R. Stewart, jun., and Miss Gracie Warner respectively. Mr. Vincent won hearty recognition in his portrayal of Mercutio, and Mr. and Mrs Warner held the audience captivated in the love passages of the celebrated balcony scene. They were called before the curtain, Miss Warner being the recipient of handsome floral tributes. Mr. Philip Back made his re-appearance and was heartily greeted. His contributions were the recital of " St. Anthony, and Adam Lindsay Gordon's "A Voice from the Bush." Following this was the farce the " Foot of the Family," in which Miss Maggie Moore played the title role. She was immediately recognised, and the resolution with which she was greeted was gratifying, The performance concluded with the third act of the Lady of Lyons. Claude Melnotte was the part performed by Mr.. Charles Warner, and Miss Isabel Morris played Pauline. She was enthusiastically received, and at the close of the act was presented with a floral recognition. 