GHOSTS OF APPARITIONS. Many persons fancy that mysterious noises which will appear to respond to questions, to make raps or answer raps, conclusively prove that they are directed by intelligence. ^ Some- times they may, and the intelligence is quite likely to be of human origin; but noises of atmospheric, chemical, or electrical origin may furnish astonishing coincidences just as the fissures in the rocks are extremely difficult to be distinguished from hieroglyphics. Some years ago an alphabet based on the spiritualistic alphabet was applied to the successive gusts of wind of a stormy autumn day, and the coincidences were astonishing. Whole sentences of a very significant character appeared to respond to the arbitrary standard and in any case the conclusion that a noise, the cause of which is not yet understood must be supernatural, is a process of reasoning ab ignorance. That ghosts of not come to those most interested in them, and seldom or over to any who long for them, has been a matter of note from the earliest times. Wordsworth's words state the conclusion drawn from this, in language natural and almost convincing : 'Tis falsely said That here is ever inter course Betwixt the living and the dead, For surely then I should live night Of him I wait for day and night With love and longings tuMut The conclusion that neither in the manner of the alleged comings nor in the objects for which they come is there any evidence to be found of their reality gathers almost irresistible force. If it be assumed that the testimony of one person of one hundred persons is not sufficient to prove that it occurred, the question, " What becomes of the testimony of the Apostles and the 600 brethren to the resurrection of Christ, and of Stephen to his seeing the heavens open '(" comes up again. It admits of but one answer. If they had nothing to give us but the fact that they saw a person alive who had been dead, it would be necessary to reject it on the ground that it is far more probable that they were deceived than that such a thing occurred. But that is not the case. They present to us the whole body of Christian doc- trine, declaring that it was relieved from that person who predicted that he would rise from the dead, and whom they believed themselves to see and with whom on various occasions they conversed after his resurrection. If the body of Christian doctrine in its relation to the moral nature of the thinker does not convince him of the divine origin and consequent truths of the record, we know of no means of doing so J. M. Buckley in " The Century." is the physical strength of Americans declining? This question is answered very decidedly in the affirmative by Mr. William Blaikie, a well-known American writer, who supports his views by some remarkable facts. A hundred years ago or less, 80 per cent of the population of the United States were fanning, hunting, or fishing-. Now hardly £10 percent are engaged in these healthful occupations. Moreover, machinery and modern methods of agriculture have alike tended to render the farmer's Ufo i less conducive to the development of the bodily powers. The old farmer, for example, bore hard on the plough-tail, trudging for miles over the rough furrows or swung a keen- edged scythe into the thick grass or grain. His descendants, on the contrary, But upon a horse plough in a slouching position, with the chest often sunk in or take their seat on a mower or reaper, and get pulled along. So it is with nearly all other agricultural operations. The natural remedy for all this is physical training in the schools and colleges ; but with the exception of a few of the universities and large colleges, the American schools have either very poorly equipped gymnasiums or none at all. The playgrounds of the schools in New York are described as miserable, cramped, bricked-over places, no more like such playgrounds as those of Eton, Rugby, Harrow, or Westminster than a postage- stamp is like a table cloth. Mr, Blaikie doubts whether there is one boy in ten, or one girl in twenty in American schools who is deep chested, erect, well-knit, and strong all over. Nor are there, he believes, five boys in an average class of sixty in any public school who could run half-a-mile in three minutes and a-half without being badly blown. That these views are not exaggerated seems probable from the fact that the examiners of the great Military College at West Point find a majority of the applicants unfit for admission, and sometimes are even unable to pass a solitary candidate. The following perfectly gonuiiiD communication (writes " Civis " in the Otago Wit next) he will ask the printer to reproduce in its native integrity, suppressing the writer's name only: a -" Mr. Civis, Sir, Can you tell as the best way to learn how to care for a newspaper as there is a lot of infermashun here going waist, i and we wad like sum was to have it we can cook the words to gether rita chief but we want to no if the editor and mind correcting the spelling wo wad rather ask you this question belrose if we note to the editor Le mite ouly late at us yours truly, A HIDE Suena Artist THE MOUNTAINS. This is rote bo-old Mowray Camp, Upper Witakky." It is painful to think of " information " running to waste on the Upper Waitaki for want of a channel through which to flow to the omnivorous newspaper press. Five hundred newspaper men in New Zealand are wearing out their lives and their shoe leather in the ceaseless pursuit of information, running about all day in search of it, and sitting up all night to invent it, besides getting it telegraphed to them from the ends of the earth ; yet they have never thought of looking for it at the (Upper Waitaki. This strange oversight will now, however, be corrected. I invite the " hide-Rlicer" to send a along his information promptly. As a first item let him inform me what I am to under stand by a "hiùo-slir-or." Spelling is utterly immaterial. I have correspondents who seem to have learned their orthography in the columns of the Fonetio Nut, and if anybody can supplying with " infermashun" asia in- furnisher" I am perfectly willing to receive it in Volapuk. Lord Dunlo, the son and heir of the Earl of Clancarty, has, says the " Social Gossip" correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, just married Miss Belle Bilton, a music-hall artist with a very lovely and piquant face. The young gentleman is not yet of age, and his own previous public appearance has been in a police court, where he was summoned by a cabman, who had allowed him to mount the roof of his cab and climb into one of the windows of his own chambers, from which point of vantage he hurled defiance at his creditor, like an Irishman as he is. If the Star newspaper is correctly informed, the friends of the family may well hope that the union will result in the descent of the title in the direct line, because, according to that journal, the lady is already the mother of children, the youngest being on infant of six months. The Viseouatnoaj Dunlo performed as usual at the Empire Music Hall on the evening of her marriage. The Le Poer Trenches, Earl of Clancarty, belong to the most intensely dignified, cultivated, and reputable section of the aristocracy, and this youth, who has now given a now turn to the family record, has till recently been regarded as a most promising and angelic child. Verily, champagne, late hours, and " cock-nnd-hen" clubs have much to answer for "I am glad she is actually married," observed a dear young actress, " because those kind of people usually land themselves in a breach of promise case." This speech was, of course, meant as a nasty one for two rival and eminently respectable young ladies who have had the misfortune to be jilted by lords in recent years, 