A Sioux Bill of Fare One of the peculiarities of the latest United States style of feeding the noble red man is the fact that he is given Government rations, and at the same time appropriations are made which are supposed to sustain him. Sometimes an Indian who doesn't know much about groceries and how to prepare them for food comes in and draws his regular soldier rations in this way. For in stance, up in the Sitting Bull country awhile ago an Indian came in from the warpath who nad never seen any of the pale-face style of food and drew his rations. He made a light meal of no ground coffee the first day, und as he over-ate and the coffee swelled on him, he had difficulty in buttoning his pants around the pain he had on hand. He felt very unhappy for a day or two, but laid it to the fact that he hadn't exercised much, and the consequent ertuui and indi gestion resulting therefrom. As soon as be succeeded in getting the in terior department quieted down a little he attacked his ration of candles. These he decided to parboil in order to avoid trouble from indigestion. The dish was not so much of a glittering success as he had anticipated, and as he re morsefully picked candle -wi eking out of his teeth with a tent-pin, he made some re mark that grated harshly on the ears of those who stood near. He then tried a meal of yeast-powder with vinegar. He ate yeast-powder and then took a pint of extremely potent vinegar to wash it down. At first there was a feeling of glad sur prise in his stomach, which rapidly gave way to one of unavailing remorse. A can of yeast-powder in an Indian's midst don't seem to be prepared for a pint of vine gar, and the result of such an unfortunate csrcumstance is not gratifying. Every little while a look of pain would come over the features of the noble child of the forest, and then he would jump about 17 ft. and try to kick a cloud out of the sky. Then he would sit down and think over his past life. It took him about a week to get back to where he dared to get up another meal for himself. Then he fricassed a couple of pounds of laundry -soap and ate that. - Soap is all right for external purposes or for treating a pair of soiled socks, bnt it does not assimilate with the gastric juices readily, and those who have tried laundry - soap as a relish do not seem to think it will ever arrive at any degree of prominence as an article of diet. ' By the scalp of Hiawatha's ghost !' That is the way the nntatofed child of the forest swore. He had never received the benefits of early training in profanity, and bis language, therefore, waa disconnected and rambling ; font when we consider that he waB ignorant of our language and every little while he had to stop and hold on to his digester with both hands and dig great holes in the earth with his toes, the remarks did qot seem altogether out of place or irrelevant. : When a gallon or so of agitating baking- . powder and vinegar is singing its little song : in the utmost recesses of an Indian, and | this baa been followed by a treatment of j laundry-soap, the student of human nature can find field for observation in that locality. The earnest and occupied look, the troubled expression of his countenanoe, fol | lowed by the quick, nervous twitohing of the , muscles of his face, and then the swelling up and tiie bursting of the suspenderbut totffj the deep-drawn sigh, and the smothered cuss word, all betoken the gastric agitation going on within. This is why an Indian prefers a link of Bologna sausage and a two-year-old dog to the high-priced groceries so common in our modern civilisation. 646 