MB. PETERS'S STORY. THE BtfiUSÎS DOG. .Stent littore Puppies !—ViBGn- IT was a inter, a litter of five, Four are drown'd, and one left alive, He was thought worthy alone to survive ; And the Bagman resolved upon bringing him op, To eat of his bread and to drink of Ins cap, He such a dear little cook- tail'd pup 1 The Bagman taught him mafcy a trick ; He tronld cany, and fetch, and nm àfber a 6lick, Could well understand lite Word ot com. Bland, And appear to dofce Wîth à crust on bis nose Till the Bagman peS-nuasively waved bife hand: Then to throw up and cfctbhtt fcè né vèlr Would faii, As be sat ttp on lenA, on his little Cock-taiL Never was puppy so instruit, Or possess'd of such natural talent as he ; And as lie grew older, Every beholder Agreed he grew handsomer, sleeker, and boïier.— Time, however Ins wheels we may clog, Wends steadily still with onward jog, And the cock-taîl'd puppy's à curty-taM 4<%t When, fust at the time He was teaching his prime. And all thought he'd be turning oat Bimrething sublime, One unlucky day. How, no one fcould say, "Whether some soft liaison induced him to stray, Or sonfe kidnapping vagabond coax'd him away, He was lost to the view, tike Ihte taomiog dew ;— He had been, and waB sot—that's all that they knew. And the Bagman Étonn'd, and the Bagman swore As never a Bagman had eworn before ; Bot storming or «wearing but little avails Te recover lost dogs with great curly tails.— In a large paved court, close by Billiter Square, Stands a mansion, old, bat in thorough repair, The only Etrange thing, from the general air Of its size and appearance, is how it got there ; In frost is a short semicircular stair Of stone steps,—some half score»— Then you reach the ground floor, With a shell- pattern'd architrave over the door. It is spacious, and seems to be built on the plan Of a Geptleman's house in the reign of Queen Anse : Which is odd, for, although, As we Very well know. Tinder Tudors and Stuarts the City could show Many Noblemen's seats above Bridge and below, Yet that fashion toon after induced them to go From St. Michael Corahill, and St. Mary-le- Bow, To St. James, and St. George, and St. Anne in Sobo.— Be this as it may,—at the date I assign To my tale,—that's about Seventeen Sixty îfine,— This mansion, now rather upon the decline, Had less dignified owners,—belonging, In fine, To Turner, Dry, Weipersyde, Rogers, land Pyne— A respectable House in the Manchester line. There were a score Of Bagmen, and more, Who had travell'd full oft for the firm before ; Bat just at this period they wanted to send Some person on whom they could safely depend— A trustworthy body, half agent, half friend,— On some mercantile matter as far as Ostend ; And the person they piteh'd on wfcs AatbOny A grave, steady am, not addicted to grog,— The Bagman, in short, who had lost this great dog. "The Sea ! the Sea ! the open Sea 1— That is the place where we all wish to be, Boiling about on it merrily ! "— So all sing and say By night and by day. In tiie bovdoir, the street» at the concert and play, In a sore of coxcombical roundelay ;— You may roam through the City, transversely or straight, From Whitechapel turnpike to Cumberland gate, And every young Lady who thrums a guitar» Ev'iy mustachio'd Shopman who smokes a cigar. With affected devotion, Promulgates lus notion, Of being a. " Rover " and " child of the Ocean"— Vhate'er their age, sex, or condition may be, They all of them long for the " Wide, Wide Sea!" But, however they dote, Only set them afloat In any craft bigger at all than a boat, Take them down to the Kone, And you'll see that, before The " Wessel " they " Woyage " in has half made her way Between S hell-Ness Point and the pier at Heme Bay, Let the wind meet the tide in the slightest They'll be all of them heartily eick of " the I've stood in Margate, on a bridge Of ftize Inferior far to that described by Bytoto, Where "palaces and pris'us Ob each band lise,—" —That too's a stone one, this is made t>f iron— And little donkey Jroys your steps ehvifon, Each prospering for your choibe Ms tiny hack, Vaunting its excellence ; and, ehould you hire one. For sixpence, «01 he urge, with frequent thwack, The mtieh- endaring beast to Buenos Ayrèg— and back. And there, on many d raw find gusty day, I've stood, and turn'd my gaze upon the pier, And seen the crews, Uitt did embark so gny That eatame mont, HOW djfeemt»aik BO qtleer ; Then to myself TVe sigh'd end Paid, «Ob dearf Who would believe yon SH&ly-loofc;&ig; mkh'sa trocdou Jack Tar,—a. Cheapàdê Butfeaneer ! But hold, my Musel—for this terrific stahta Is all too stiffly grand for oar Estrivahza. " So BOW we'd go up, up, «p, And sow well go down, down, dowfi, And now wb'il go backwards and forwards, Atod now we'll go SÔM> V roun", roan'."—' —I hope you've sufficient discernment to see. Gentle lieader, that here the discarding the rf 1b a fault which yoa maBt not attribute to tub, Thus my Nurse cut It off when, " with counterfeit glee," She eo ep, bb ebe danced me about on ter In tbe year of ®ur Lord n^lilMa hosdred amd three All I mean to say is, that the ICnse is now ; free From tbe self-imposed tratamete pHt tm by htrtotEte, And no longer like Filch, midst the felons and debtors At Drury Ltwe dances her bampîpe in fettrrr. Resuming ber track, At once she goei back To oar fae*o, the Bapmrru—-AtwJ uâAhckl Poor Anthony ittogg Is as sick t» a âog. Spite of-*u*dry WHÉmttei potatioMof grog, By the time tbe Datch packet â fairly mt *ea, With tha sands tailed tfce Goodwins a league «alter fee. A*i ooW, Biy food friends, I've a fine opportunîty To obfuscate you ell by eea terms wilfc im- And telkiDg «f "oanlking," And "qnarter- And "abaffe," " Bottes*," "twrfceys," «ut "étift,". (JAwyohXbfMdtfa» a»«fafca£!yhrçhM koB cdTft «te The best bower cabk,—the jib,—and sheet anchor ; Of lower-deck guns,—and of broadsides and Of tafixaOs and topsails, and splicing mainbraces. id "Shiver my timbers ! ' and other odd phrases oId| pilot* witt hard-featured cherish their hair, And what very long pigtails a great many wear.— But, Reader, I scorn it—the fact is, I fear. To be candid, I can't make these matters so clear As Marryat, or Cooper, or Captain Cbsmier, Or Sir E. Lytton Bulwer, who brought up the rear Of the " Nautical?," just at the end of last year, Eighteen thirty-nine—(how Time flies !—Oh, dear!)— With a well-written preface, to make ft appear That his pWty, the •'Set-Captain," ** by no means small beef. Tfeml^tattgjfas op ili» mi-^—jroa «et WyBh<»totK«t the «utkoa mc«tloned tnake, I ou^kt ta have saîd, Ifcàtfae "fcûM ta tbàt So I'll merely observe, BB the water grew ro uglier The more my poor hero continued to suffer, TOI the Sailors themselves cried, in pity, " Poor Buffer i. " Still rougher it grew, And still harder it blew, And the thUndèr fcick'd up such a halliballoo, That even the Skipper b^an to look Une ; While the crew, who were few, Look'd very queer, too. And eeem'd not to know what exatilly to do, And they Who'd thé charge of them wrote in tbe logs, "Wind N.E.—WOWB a huttfeatBfe—imitta cats and doge." In short, ft eooti to 6 tetapeet as rude as That Shakspeare describes bear tbe " still vest Bermudas," When ttoe winds, in their «port, Drove aside frotn itB port The King's ship, with the whole Neapolitan Court, And ewamp'd it to ]£vè "thfe Ki&g;'ft Bon, Ferdinand," à Soft motoent or two with the iAdy Mitandi, While her Pa met the rest, and severity rebuked 'em For unhandsomely doing him out of his Dufeedoto. You don't want me, however, to paint yon a Storm, As so many have done, and. in colours so warm : 1 Lord Byron, for instance, in totoner facetious, Mr. Ainsworth motte gravely,—see also Lucretius, —A writer who gave me no trifling vexation When a youngster at school on Dean Colet'a foundation.— Suffice it to say That the whole of that àay, And the nest, acd the next, they Wen scudding away Quite out of their course, Propell'd by the force Of those flatulent folks known in Classical story as Aquilo, Libs, Kotus, Auster, and Borea?, Driven quite at their mercy 'Twixfc Guernsey and Jersey Till at length they came bump on the rocks and the shallows, In West longitude, One, fifty-seven, near St. Maloes ; There you will not be surprised That the vessel capsized, Or that Blogg, who had made, from intestine commotions, His specifics! gravity less than the Ocean's, Should go floating away. Midst the surges and spray, like a. cork in a gutter, which, swoln by a shower, Buns down Holborn-hill about nine knots an hour. You've seen, I've no doubt, at Bartholomew Fair, Gentle Reader,—that is, it you've ever been there,— With their hands tied behind them, Home two or three pair Of boys round a backet Bet up on a chair, Skipping, and dipping Eyes, nose, chin, and lip in, Their faces and hair with the Water all dripping, In an anxious attempt to catch hold of a pippin, That bol» up and down in the water whenever They touch it, as mocking the fruitless endeavour ; Exactly as Poets Bay,—how, though, they can't tell us,— Old Side's Nonpareils play at bob with poor Tantalus. —Stay !—Pm cot dear, But I'm rather out here ; 'Twas the water itself that slipp'd from him, I fear ; Faith, I can't recollect—and I haven't Lemprière.— No matter,—poor Blogg went on ducking and bobbing, Sneezing oat the salt water, and gulping and sobbing, Just as Clarence, in Shakapeare, describes all the qualms he Experienced while dreaming they'd drowned him in Malmsey. " O Lord/' he thought, c< what pain it was to drown 1 " And saw great fishes With great gaggling eyes. Glaring as he was bobbing up and down, And looking as they thought him quite a prize ; When, as he sank, and all was growing dark, A Eomething seized him with its jaws !—A Shhrk ?— No such tiling, Reader :—most opportunely for Blogg, 'Twas a very large, web-footed, curly-tail'd Dogl Fm not much of a trav'ller, and 'really can't boast That I know a great deal of the Brittany coast, But Pve often heard say That e'en to this day, îïie people of Granville, St. Maloes, and there-1 abont 1 Are a class that Society doesn't .much care about ; Men who gain their subsistence by contraband dealing, And a mode ot abstraction strict people call "stealing ;" Notwithstanding all which, they ate civil of Above all to a Stranger who come* within reach ; And they were eo to Blogg Whea the curly-tiil'd Dog Ai last dragg'd him out, high and dry on the beach. But we all have beat told, By the proverb of old, By no means to thud: *' all that glitters is roM;" And, in feci* some advance That most people In France Join the manneren&d; ait* of a Maitrc de Danse, To the morale—(as Johnson of Chesterfield said)— Of an elderly Lady, in Babylon bred, Much addicted to flirting, and dressing In red.— Be this as it might, It embarrass'd Blogg quite To find those about him eo Very polite. A suspicious observer perhaps might havè traced The petites soin*, tendered with BO much good taste, To the sight of an old-fashioned pocket-book, placed In a black leather belt well secured round his waist. • And a ring set with diamonds, his finger that graced. So brilliant no one could have guess'd they were pastei The group on the shore Cobsisted of four ; You will wonder, perhapc, there were not a few more ; Bat the fact n they've not, In flat part of the nation, What Mclthns would term, a "too dense population,*^ Indeed the fiole EIGTT there of man's habitation Was merely a single Bud* hut in a dingle That led awsy inland direct from tbe shingly Its sides clothed with undsrwood, gloomy and daric, Same two hundred yards above high-water mark ; And thither (ha party, Bo cardial and bewty, <Vlc,,an«UlBU,hkwife>aadtwoIid4i9ad* aetail^jb*, * The Bagman, proceeding, breeding:, With, equal good They soon reach'd the hat, wlûch seem'd in ruin, AH'*"®. way bowing, ch&tiMng;, shrogging, M&tlHe;,ttmg, * ' ig, and what Sailors call it Paris or Kitchener, BeadenSb^horts u,jp|tene?er your stomaohVfto ritt o To try, if ^ou find richer viands won't stop in % A basin of good mutton broth with a chop in it! {Such a basin and chop as I once heard a witty one Call, at the Garrick, a " c—d Committee one," An expression, I own» I do not think a pretty one.) However, it's clear That, with sound table beer. Such a mess as I speak of is very good cheer ; Especially, too, When ft person's wet thtough. And ÎB hungry, and tired, febd don't know what to do. Now just such a mess of delicious hot pottage Was smoking away when they enter'd the cottage, And casting a truly delicious perfume Through the whole of an ugly, old, itt-f urnish'd room ; " Hot, smoking hot," On the fire was a pot Well repleniBh'd, but realty I can't say with what; For, famed as the French aUrlQB ne for ragouts, 5s T o creatate can tell what they pnt in their etewe, Whether bull-frogs, old gloves, or old wigs, or old shoes ; Notwithstanding, when offered I rarely refuse) Any more than poor Blogg did, when, seeing the reeky Repast placed before him, scarce able to speak, he In ecstacy muttered " By Jove, Cocky-leeky !" In an instant, as soob As they gave him a spoon, Every feeling and faculty bent on the gruel, he No more blamed Fortune for treating him cruelly, Bat fell tooth and nail on the soup end the bouilli. Meanwhile that old man standing by, Subducted his long coat-tails on high, With his back to the lire, as if to dry A part of his dress which the Watery sky Had visited rather inclemently.— Blandly he à mi led, but still be looked sly, And a something sinister lurk'd in his eyb. Indeed, had you seen him lite maritime dress in, You'd have ottn'd his appearance Was not prepossessing ; He'd a "dreadnought" coat, and heavy sabots With thick wooden soles turned up at the toes, His nether man cased in a striped quelque And a hump on his back, and a great hook'd nose, So that nine out of ten would be led to suppose That the person before them was Punch in plain clothes. Yet still, as I told you, he smiled on all present, And did all that lay in his power to look pleasant. Tbe old womati, too, Made a mighty ado. Helping her guest to a deal of the stew ; She fish'd up the meat, and she helped bite to that. Sbe help d him to lean, and she help'd him to fat, And it looked like Hare—but it might have been Cat. The little garçojis, too, Btrove to express Their sympathy towards the '* Child of distress" With a great deal of juvenile French pe&tegsc; : But the Bagtnan bluff Continued to "stuff" Of tbe fat, and the lean, and the tender and tough, Till they thought he would never ciy Hold, enough ! " And the old woman's tones became far less agreeable. Sounding like peste ! and sacre i and diaVk / Tve seen an old saw which iB Well worth repeating, That says, " <Soolie <®atj>nge Srscrfortl) goutte Srjrafepngc." You'll find It eo printed by Carton or ©glprrfepit, And a very good proverb it is to my thinking. Blogg thought S3 too;— As he finished his stew, His ear caught the sound of the word " MorblcuJ " Pronounced by the old woman under her breath. Now, not knowing what shs could mean by, " Blue Death 1" He conceived she referred to a delicate brewing Which is almocitsynonymous,-—namely, "Blue ; Ruin." So he pursed up his lip to a «mile, and with glee, In his cockneyfy'd accent, responded, "Oh, Fee/" Which made her understand he Was asking for brandy ; - So sbe turn'd to the cupboard, and, having some bandy, Produced, rightly deeming he would not object toit, An orbicular bulb with a very long neck to it ; In fact, you perceive her mistake was the same as his, Bach of them "reasoning right from wrong premises ; " —And, here, by the way Allow me to say, Kind Reader, you sometimes -permit me to e tray— 'Tis Btrange the French prove, when they take to aspersing, So inferior to.ua in the science of cursing ; Kick a Frenchman down stairs, How absurdly he swears, And how odd 'tis bo hear him, when beat to a jelly, Boar out in a passion, "Blue Death !" and "Blue Belly 1" " To return to our sheep " from this little _ BloggTSree «sumed a complacent expression Aa he emptied his glass, and she gave him a fresh one ; Too little he heeded How fast they succeeded. Perfeaps you or I might have done, though, as he did, For when once Madame Fortune deals out her hard raps, It's amazing to think, How one " cottons " to drink! At such times, of all things in nature, perhaps, There's not one that's half BO seducing as Mr. Blogg, beside being uncommonly dry, WaB, like most other Bagmen, remarkably shy, —« Did you like te deny "— " Feltobligèd to comply " Every time that she asked him to " wet t'other eye;" For 'twas worthy remark that she spared not the etoup, Though before she had seem'd so to grudge him the soap. At length the fumes rose To his brun ; and his nose Okv« hints of a strong disposition to doae, And a yenning to seèk " horizontal repose."— His queer-looking tost. Who, firm at his post, Daring all the loag. meal had continued to toast ïîiat garment 'twer9 rude to Do more than allude to, Perceived, from his breathitig and nodding, the views Of his guest were directed to "fating a snooee : " So he caught np a lamp in biahuge dirty paw, With (as Blogg need to tell it) " Moutueer, uptpty nsv / " And " mniaball'd ** him ao " The way he should go,** Upstairs to an attic, large, gloomy, and low, Without table or chaii; Or a moveable Save^au'old-fasJiion'd beditead, much out of repair, Hint stood at the end most removed from the atair.— With a grin and a shrug The hoBt points to the rag, Just as much as to say, "There !—I think you'll be snug ! " Pate the light on the floor, Walks to the door, * : Makes a fo rmal Boïoiihti, «n^ fei then Mén 1» When just aa the ear lost the sound of his tread, TotaMJMpf* The great curiy-i the bed !— —It's a. veiy nice thing when ; crept from under v^'a in a I whtegofcglbomb ' •'ASSRDTFÂFL, TTÀ Méh^ A^'LUBGII in white, F Which, of course, one is led tt> couSSer a Sprite, To find that the Ghost Is merely a post, Or a miller, or chalky-faced donkey at most ; Or, when taking a walk aa the evenings begin To close, or, as some people cull it» " draw in," And some undefined form, " looming large " through the haze, Presents itself, right in your path, to your gaze, Inducing a dread Of a knock on the head, Or a sever'd carotid, to find tfrat, instead Of «ne of those ru&ûns who murder and fleece men, It'e your tJùcle, or one ot the " Rural Policemen — Then the blood flows again Though artery and vein ; You're delighted with what jus); before gave you pain : You laugh at your feare-HMad your friend ib the fog Meets a welcome as cordial as Anthony Blogg Now beslow'd on hu friend—the great curlytail'd Dog. For the Dog leap'd np, and his paws found a place On each side his neck in a canine embrace, Alid he lick'd Blogg^s hands, and he lick'd his fate. And he waggled his tail, as ttuch as to say, "Mr. Blogg, we've fotegather'd before to» d«y ! " And the Bftgtaiata eafr, a& he how sprang up, What, beyond all doubt, He might have found out Before, had he not been eo eager to sup, 'Twas Sancho !—the Dog he had rear'd from a pup !— The Dog who when sinking had seized his hair,— The Dog who had saved, and conducted him there,— The Dog he had lost out of Billiter Square ! 1 It's passing sweet, An absolute treat, When friends, long sever'd by distance meet,— With what warmth and affection each other they greet ! Especially, too, as we very well know, If there seems any chance of a little cadeau, A " Present torn Brighton," ot " Token " to show, In the shape of a work-box, ring, bracelet, or so, That our friends don't forget us, although they may go To Ramsgate, ok- Rome, ot Fernando Pc. If Some little advantage Eeems likely to start, From a fifty-pound note to a two-penny tart, It's surprising to see how it softens the heart, And you'll find those whose hopes from the other are strongest, * Use, in common, endearments the thickest and longest. But, it was not so here ; For although it is clear, When abroad ,aud we have not a single friend near, E'en a cur that will love us becomes very dear, And the balance of interest 'twist him and the D«g Of course was inclining to Anthony Blogg, Yet he, first of all, ceased To on courage the beaBt, Perhaps thinking "Enough is as good as a feast;" And besides, as we've said, being Bleepy and mellow, He grew tired of patting, and crying " Poor fellow ! " So his smile by degrees harden'd into a frown, And his That's a good dog I " into " Down, Sancho ! down ! " But nothing could stop his mute fav'rite's caressing, Who, in fact, seemed resolved to prevent his undressing, Using paws, tail, and head, As if he had said, " Most beloved of masters, pray, dou't go to bed; You had much better sit up, and pat me in* stead ! " Nay, at last; when determined to take some repose, Blogg threw himself down on the outside the clothes. Spite of all he could do, The Dog jump'd up too, And kept him awake wtth his veiy cold nose ; Scratching and whintftg, And moaning and pining, Till Blogg really believfcd he Must have «Une design in • - Thus breaking his rest J above all, when (ft length The Dog ecratch'd him of fltôtA the bed bjr Extremely annoy'd by tbe ° tarnation whop," as it 'b call'd in Kentuck, on his h Ski and its opposite, Blogg showed .fight { When he saw, by the light Of the flickering chodtet ifc&t; had not yet quite Burnt down in tbe fio&ftt;^ though not over bright, Certain dark-colaurd stains, as of blood newly epilt, Reveal'd by the dog's having WefAfeJi'd off tb% quilt,— . 1 micb hinted a ^tyotlbttirer and •Twas "no mistakE,"— Hé awake" In an instant ; for, when only decently drunk. Nothing sobers a man EO completely as " funk. " And hark I—what's that ?— They have got into chat In the kitchen below—-what the deuce are they at? — There's the ugly old Fisherman scolding hiB wife— And she—by the Popel she's whetting a knife ! — At each twist Of her wrist, And her great mutton fist, The edge of the weapon sounds shriller and louder I— Hie fierce kitchen fire Had not made Blogg perspire Half BO much, or a dose of the best James's powder.— It censes—all's silent !—and now, I declare There's somebody crawls up that rickety stair 1 The horrid old ruffian comes, cat-like, creeping ;— He opens the door just sufficient to peep in. And see?, as he fancies, the Bagman sleeping ! For Blogg, when he'd once ascertain'd that there was some Precious mischief " on foot, had resolv'd to play " Possum ; " Down he went, legs and head. Flat on the bed, .Apparently sleeping as sound as the dead ; While, though none who look'd at him would think such a thing Every nerve in his frame was braced up for a spring. Then, just as the villain Crept, stealthily still, ÎD, And you'd not have insur'd his guest's life for a shilling; Ae the knife gleam'd on high, bright and sharp as a rozor, Blogg. smarting upright, " tipped " the fellow " a facer ; "— —Down went man and weapon.—Of all sorts of blows, FVotn what Mr. Jackson reports, I supposé There are few that surpass a flash hit on the nose. Now had I the pen of old Ossian or Homer, (Though each of these names some pronounce a misnomer. And say the first person Was call'd James M'Pherson, While, as to the second, they stoutly declare He waB no one knows who, and born no one knows where,} Or had I the qaffl of Pieroe Egan, à writer Acknowledged the beet theoretical fighter For dis lut twenty yearn, By the lively young Peers, Who, doffing their coronets, collars, and ermines, treat Boxers to "Max^" at the One Ton in Jerinyn Street;— —I say, could I barrow these Gentlemen's Muses; More ekOfd than my meek oné in " fibbings " and bruises, Td describe noir to you A* "prime a Setto," And "lejpdar tun-op," ti tirée you knew : Not inferior in " bottom " to aught yon have read of yeautfc Bat my dainty Urania «aye, "Such things are shocking ! " Lace mittens Sbp loves, Detesting "The Gloves;" m' J| And taming, mthÊt/iaoet disdainfully moc^ tog, ' "|t'M From Melpomene'!} buskin, -adopts 'j&e; silk stocking. So, as far as I caM seè, I tnusl leave you t& "fancy" The thumps and the bumps, and the ups and the downs, And the taps, and the slaps, and the raps on the crowns, That pass'd 'twixt the Husband, Wife, Bagman, and Dog, As Blogg rolled over them, and they roll'd over Blogg ; While what's called "The Claret" Flew over the garret : Merely stating the fact, As each other they whack'-d, The Dog his <old toaster most gallantly back'd ; staking both the forçons, who came runuing in, sheer off, With " Hippolyte'è " thumb, and "Alphon&es; left ear off ; Next, making à stoop on The buSetting group on The floor, rent in tatters the old Woman's jûpo*» Then tbe old man turn'd up, and a fresh bite of Sancho's Tons out the whole «eat Of his striped Calimancoes.— Really, which way This desperate fray Might have ended at last, Tm noc able to say, The dog keeping thus the assassins at bay : But a few fresh arrivals decided tbe day ; For bounce went the door, In came half a score Of the passengers, sailors, and one ot two more Who had aided the party in gaining the shtflte 1 It's a great many years ago—mine then were few— Since I spent a short time in the old Cow raxftux ; I think that they Bay She had been, in her day. A First-rate—but was then what they term a Ratée,— And they took me on board in the Downs, where she lay (Captain Wilkinson held the command, by the way.) In her I pick'd tip, on that single occasion, The little I know that concerns Navigation, And obtained, inter <alia, some vague information Of a practice which Often, In cases of robbing, Was adopted on shipboard—I tbink 'twas call'd "cobbing." How 'twas managed exactly I really can't say. But I think that a Boot-jack was brought into play— That is it I m right :—it exceeds my ability To tell how "tis done } But the Bystem is one Of which Sancbo's exploit would increase the facility, And, from all I could learn, I'd much rather be robb'd Of the little I have in my purse, than be " oobb'd ; "—• That's mere matter of taste : But the Frenchman was placed— I mean the old scoundrel whose actions we've traced— In such a position, that, cn this unmasking» His consent was the last thing the men thought of asking. The old woman, too, Was obliged to go Through, With her boys, the rough discipline used by the crew, Who, before they let one of the 6et see the back of them, "Cobb'd" the whole party—ay, "every man Jack of them." And now, Gentle Header, before that I say Farewell for the present, and wish you good day, Attend to the moral I draw from my lay !— If ever you travel, like Anthony Blogg, Be wary of strangers !—don't take too tnuch grog! And don't fall asleep, if you should, like a hog!— Above all—carry with you a curly-tail'd Dog 1 Lastly, don't act like Blogg, who, I say it with blushing, Sold Sancho next month for two guineas at Flushing ; But still on these %ords of the Bard keeg» a fist eye IKGEATUM 61 DLXEEIS, OMNIA DDCTI ! ! ! V Envoyé, I felt so disgtt8t*d with Blogg, from sheer shame of him, I never once thought to inquire what becaSÉk of him; If you want to know, Reader, the way, I opitf^ To achieve your design,—Mind, it's no wiâl of mine,— Is,—(a penny will do't)—by addressing a lint To Turner, Dry, Weipersyde, Rogers, aÉt Pyne. 