and NoHIurn Territory Government Gazette. SATURDAY, SEPT. 21, 1889. H.M.S. Rambler arrived from Cam- bridge Gulf on Monday. Burrundie was blessed with three hours' good rain on Thursday. J Premier Mcilwraith, of Queensland, has resigned from the Ministry. The s.s.-^Adelaide returned from Wyndham on Monday, last. Another land sale of country town- ship allotments is advertised for October 22nd. . A well-known Cooktown firm; that of Thomas à Madden, has gone bung " for£94,000. We hear that the s.s. Adelaide will make another trip to Cambridge Gulf next week, leaving here on Sunday. Three Wyndham horses-Towrow, Jack, and another-have gone round to Derby to compete in the events at the annual race meeting. It is stated that the strike at home cost the dock proprietors three millions sterling, besides having to give in to the men at the finish. One of the reasons for the bitterness displayed by the TIMES in its attacks or the Hospital Board is that a member ol the Commission has an action for libe! pending against the editor of thal journal. The laying of the tram-line to connect Mr. C. G. Millar's Union gold mine with the main railway line was to hav< been completed this week. The lengtl is exactly one mile, the mile peg beinj about two inches inside the batter shed. . We have been dreading the day whei the railway overseers and officers genet ally would be packing up and departinj for climes more blissful. The P. D. M & A. Co. advertise a sale for Saturda; next which indicates that the manage of the works, Mr. James Stirling, i leaving us. The dozen diggers who took passag in the Adelaide for Wyndham,: hopin to get a boat there going to Cossact were fortunate enough to catch the s.¡ Australind at the Gulf. This is perhap the only bit of luck some of them wi strike out West. By the arrival of the Airlie with clos on three hundred tons of rice on boar the Chinese here have been able to r< plenish their stocks, which had latterl been reduced almost to starvatio scarcity by the long absence of astéame from China. Some of the exports by the s.s. Airli were: 24241bs wool from Wyndham 1502 bags copper ore from the Palme; ston Copper Co's. Daly River mine j 3 bags silver ore shipped by P. M. Drak and consigned to the Dry Creek Smel ing Works; 188 bags tin ore from til Port Darwin Tin Mine ; and 864 hide, It has now transpired that Commi; sioner Russell, who succeeded M Stuart as Commissioner of Insolvency and before whom W. E. Adcock's eas has lately been heard, is a holder c Town and Country Bank shares. A this bank is insolvent's chief creditoi the discovery is an important one,, an it will be interesting to know why i was that the fact did not leak out befon The welcome sound of thunder rumb- ling on Thursday, and the appearance of banks of heavy-looking clouds are sure indications of the early approach of tho wet season. Yesterday there was a slight sprinkling, but a very heavy storm passed over. J. Clancy was admitted to the hos- pital on Thursday suffering from a broken jaw-the effect of a scrimmage. Thc injury is said to bo a very severe one. At the Police Court yesterday H. M. Debross was charged with having caused the damage, but as the prosecutor could not attend the case was adjourned for a fortnight. An accident of a serious character happened up country a few days ago to Mrs. E. Ryan. Particulars of the mis- hap have only come to us by hearsay, and from these we gather that whilst out riding Mrs. Ryan was thrown from her horse, and the animal kicked her on the head before she could get clear. The injur}', we believe, is a very severo and dangerous one, but the sufferer is stated to be doing very nicely under Dr. Ternau's treatment. Our Howley correspondent has asked us to draw the attention of Inspectai Foelsche to a recent robbery committee there whereof Mr. D. O'Neill was th victim. As others besides our corres pondent have written in a similar strain we think the occasion demands carefu attention from Mr. Foelsche, and w shall be pleased to hear of that genth mah taking steps to prevent repetitiou of the late sticking-up episode. A, marriage was celebrated in Sydney a fe'w weeks ago in which numbers of Territorians will doubtless' feel interested. It was the union of Captain,Green with the lady of his choice, and we feel sure that everyone acquainted with the pbpular skipper will joni, us in. hoping that his married life, .will take him' through calm water and : secure bim .always a full cargo of happiness. .1 ..' . ?'? ? j..y Another mining stir, is evidently in- tended out Kimberley way, for by the steamer Tannadice a quantity of mining machinery arrived for transhipment to Cambridge Gulf. ' This includes -10 I head of stampers which are to be added to the present battery at the Ruby I Queen, and also a. 15-head battery for' the St. Lawrence mine on the same line j of reef. Mr. Daniel Row, -who'was va I passenger by the steamer,- succeeds Mr. J. E. Lamont in the management of both these claims. A notification is .made this ,week by J the Railway Department, showing when 1 and at what time the regular trains will be run between Palmerston and Pine Creek when the Governmenttake over the line. The time for starting at eithëi end is fixed at 8 a.m., and trains ai*e tc leave Palmerston on Mondays, Wedúes days and Fridays, returning here^ pt I Tuesdays, Thursdays, and, Saturdays ('Three trains a week should , about mee I all requirements for some time to come I In connection with the question o I the incurability or c-theriviso of leprosy we notice an interesting statement in late Hongkong exchange, to the elfec that a wealthy Chinese medical pract tioner, of a philanthropie turn of minc has set up a charitable institution in tb city of Canton, for the special trentmer of juvenile sufferers from this, diseas r-his plan beiug to buy thc children < lepers, and subject them to a course « treatment-which, he claims, will erac] I cate the inherited taint. ; . . . It is reported that the murderous aboriginal Wandy Wandy is becoming quite a terror in the Port Essington district. His last piece of highwayman- ship was to threaten to take the lives a couple of Malays, and, we are told that he has been boastfully enquiring why it was that "whitefellow no hangem Daly River blackfellow," meaning, of course, the natives concerned in the terrible massacre of a few years back. His opinion (and no unreasonable one either) is that the whites are frightened to punish the black man for his villainy, and he speaks of Fannie Bay Gaol in the most glowing pigeon-English that he can command. Such a customer is dangerous anywhere out of gaol, and the sooner he gets there again the better it will be for the few settlers who reside in the district haunted by his tribe. .'. Our contemporary has made mi crippled attempts to bring the Hosp Board bf Enquiry into discredit, but lamest one of all comes to. the suri when the assertion is made that : enquiry.is being "limited to a quesl upon which little or no public intel is manifested." Now, in the name ! all that's charitable what does this me { Why the whole tenor- of the pu meeting held in June last was to ob I an enquiry into this "uninteresti question. Here is what Mr. V. ¡ Solomon then thought of the mal and the quotation is taken from his journal :-" The facts before them v that a patient suffering from leprosy been permitted to remain in our pi hospital, mixing with the other patii and shaking hands and- conversing visitors, with the full knowledge ol medical men, the Government Resit, the Minister for the Northern Terri1 and the Colonial Surgeon, and he sidered that such a state' of tilings a scandal .^DEMANDING :. THE . FOI ENQUIRY, and an outrage .upon, people. It was not his business, more than it was the meeting' throw the blame of this outrage, é upon the doctors, the Govern Resident, or the authorities in: Ade one or all were certainly, to- blain what had taken place, and . the me had a right to demand the FUI INVESTIGATION into the subject." tho gentleman who exuressed i sentiments in J une now says that what he'deemed so criminal an outrage then I is now a matter upon which little or no 1 public interest is manifested. Verily the wind must have blown strong from another quarter since theil" to induce such - ? marvellous inconsistency." It might be asked with charming .signifi- cance-Who is now pulling the string that makes our contemporary dance in this reckless mauner ? . \ The s.s. Franklin left Derby on the 19th inst., and is:due;hero on the 24th. . j r :\ -, * ?. .. ! .?. . The" departure of the s.s. Airlie thinned our European] population very considerably, taking away over thirty. As a slight offset the Tannadice had eleven passengers for here, but several of these are .going-westward ho. It is a great shame that the Government are making no efforts to stop such disastrous emigration. £ ,^n^^mâsm^,9ft ijß length -was killed' on "Monday"night close" to'the cottage of Mr. J9t$tyf near the rail- way yard. »The' reptile "Was discovered very busy in an encounter with a small monkey that was chained up outside the housed-' Its head and a fair length of body was poised in the air, and it was ducking-the monkey's attacks with the skill of Peter Jackson, at the same time fiercely: trying ?to- "iand one" on. the monkey.- - The noisy demonstrations of the f latter -¿ attracted.-, Mr. Steet, who promptly knocked all the* fight" out of the; snake, to the intense delight of the other party. . . ,,. .. .. . The ¿Hospital Board of Enquiry has had '.three; meetings .during the week, and .took, a good deal of evidence. On Monday' Miss Burkett, the Hospital matron, and Mr. Hawke, the assistant, were examined.- On Tuesday evi- dence was tendered by Miss Gaffney, the ^nurae;*nd'Ör&' Wc^¿ who'^as acting matron for a, part[of - Re time »that the leper was a patient in the Hospital. On Wednesday the Hon. J. L. Parsons wastj examined? ¿and: the , Enquiryv now * "stánds^a^jóürñedLúntil "Mbndayj next lt will be a'blessing.to the community when the whole1 thing is done with, and the wonder is that the ghost of poor Baker doesn't arise and protest against what is going on ; but perhaps if it did our contèmporary would get hold of it. The TIMES, seldom has better , than the ghost ot an'aVgum'ßdt.' '''' . 6 kn^inltahce '"of profitable" agriculture -a thing, by the way, seldon chronicled ? s üp'ííé're-í-íomes' from ther Government \- Gardens, / -t^An acre pf,; V pea-nuts " jWas . the, other dayVdisposed.. of to.á Chinaman if0r^20/the. purchas'ér'to gather^ the-crop himself >;;and this,;.:too, i after 6cwt of. nuts had already been taken off the « nànd'.î?ïtCmà^ tion with this plant that it can be made ; itb^sérvÔ>Hhreé purposes, - and has ( no ! waste .with it. First j thé seed produces a veryl jisef ul oil ; secondly^ ; it' bas a good market as an edible nut, 'and thirdly, _ the bush makes an acceptable article of ifo^deri^oj-fsjtock. ¿ t\^i^n-! 'days Mf.! Holtze has received5 enquiries fromqthe ¡prpprietors [of] 4 ^wbll-known South' 'Australian'vinegar' works'as tb the different species of oil plants that j .can-be grown .in the Northern Territory. ! .'/''It'îs' gratifying. to find t&¿ 'ÍÍK Olaf 'Jensen is- not in "the - hands'' pf the Philistines, ._as was generally, supposed, over theJfloating'örbisVPine Creelrgold . mina; \Mr.. Jen%i'ret'umed here in the \- s.s.^Tanñadice, and from r him'we" hear ' that - the* courts proceedings ^instituted agains.t,him.by; the^Melbpurne Syndicate | have been squashed.. From the start jthey,seem; ¡torhaye; been mere^'bluff " .- :. a line ot action that has ; ito merita in a game of poker, but is:,not:necessarily a howling, saccess; when it/comes to a point bf law.' ' Sufficerit to say that Mr. Jensen-has pulled clear of the threatened foul, and has since- made a proposal to the syndicate by which thejr haye leave to take. over the claim two months from the time of making the offer. During his absence Mr.-Jensen has had a glorious time, first flitting from "píace'toVplace in 'England, and then travelling on the. pontiuent. . He visited all the ^ centres "v-1 of v interest-Rome, , Pompeii, . and all the other classical !' 8hows, and fairly revelled in sight-seeing. It is'his intention to remain only a short time here:bn this occasion, as his affairs in the south require i his personal atten . tion.r . "* ,V . . .; ; Last I Sunday night : . special : services were held'in the! Wesleyan.Church in ; icohnectioñi with the anniversary of .'the school, and -they werè well attended. On the following evening a public meet- ing-was .held, when there was a . large a'tte'n'dance of children and their 'friends.. ' The chair'was occupied hy the Rev. E. Youngman, and addresses were given * by Messrs. J. Hunter and Loi Fay,-the uewly:nrrived Chinese missionary. Five recitations were given in a pleasing mariner- by- as"- many -gtrísí "áiid -boys and special hymns were^sung. A suitable .^o^^^^reienfidibto everyV ^childi at * tending the school,' which was reported to. hp in a healthy condition; ; * AJ;collec- tion amounting to £4 5s. was made in aid of the orphans .whom the late Rev. A. J. Bogle was-^bringing'u'p, and who have again beóñ' left dependent upon others. - .On the motion of Mr. Foelsche, , seconded by Mr. - J. McKeddie, a hearty "vote\of Î thanks - was; passed to .all those who/ had sp". Uberally,: supported the funds of the school, .and; .a jiappy meet ing terminated by _ the singing of the doxology. '. .... .: -. TRÜTH is responsible for the following ;"apt'and somewimt 'sensational paragraph ' about a subject that we have lately hac "pretty considerable" to do with : "The London leperias( caused, I hear quite a scare. I have *np doubt thal there has al ways-; been lots of leprosy ir the world, but that ,we ¡.know .nothing . about' it because the doctors give : it < fine Greek nanieoiiWhy not translate al the new Greek ñames of diseases int« graphic English.? If there were i descriptive name; that; Ave cbpld under stand for every malady, a long stc| ' would [he " taken towards j curing them WJiát'meátíihgj ^fbr;,;instancé, ' does th« word eczema, convey-^ to the :. unlearned mind 1 -Whenever. I near, doctors givin< evidence to a jury,J¡ feel as if they wèr " talking in a foreign language, whicl nobody butthemselves .;cati understand It would perhaps ^startle the world to hear'that the. Prince' of Walcs's lepe could find his match in a palace in thi ''"city wHere there is. a lepresa high am mighty from au heraldic ' standpoint She is on kissing terms with our Roya! ties. This illustrious person ¡has bee nearly ' twenty years-attacked with th disease, which is kept in subjection by careful daily treatment. I never heard . that she had given it to' anyone. There is, however, no doubt whatever as. to the nature;of her affection, f They say'that the" primary cause óf leprosy in""her case was the consanguine marriages of her ancestors." .. .... . '5 - It has-been said (always with a ring of sarcasm)* that there'are1 worse places for the white man to live in than the Northern Territory-if you only knew whereto look, for .them... «H. F.G." : in the Adelaide OBSERVER appears to have struck such a spot in Queensland, and this is what he says :-" I appreci- ate high wages as'well as most men, knowing fully well that the greatest state of prosperity exists where the highest rate of- wages rules, but I'd rather work in South Australia for the ruling rate than the highest wages ever given in the Gulf land of sin, sweat,'and sorrow.. Aye, and be better off in pocket at the end of twelve months. A working miner in Croyden gets £4 per week wages. For his board alone (as he must sleep in his tent) he pays 25s. per week, and this is the most reasonable item in his expenditure.' He is, as a rule, not a teetotaller;; and his rum or other liquid spiritual weakness costs him a shilling a niprhisi tobacco"Ta/ to 10s. per lb. (according to the part of the field he is on), his clothes fully 100 per cent, more than .he; pays in the south, fruit (an almost necessary luxury)' about 500 per cent more, and he is glad to get it at that/ The Gulf climate is about the worst in thc world. For eight months of the year the air is fully charged with the germs of the worst kind of fever which prevails in Australia, mosquitoes and malaria.The heat is .intense, the water bad, and ; of pleasant social inter- course or amusement there is none." The painter of this little picture had a few years' journalistic experience in the Territory. '-That,-we'J' think, qualifies him to use great latitude in expressing his opinions, and it is refreshing to find that'there is at least one district between ours and the abode of His Satanic Majesty. * - ; ¡ It is to be regretted. that Dr. Wood should have followed the example of his brother professional, Dr. Bovill, by rushing into print in order to fire a parting shot at the service which he is leaving. It is quite true that the worthy doctor has many sound points to work on in his opposition to the Baker Enquiry; but his case is being spoilt in the handling. It would have been more to the purpose if he had stuck to his solicitor alone, instead of calling in the assistance of a journalist who (as every- body knows) makes a bosom friend of anyone who can say spiteful things of the Government service. Dr Wood had ample notice by advertisement that the Board required witnesses to attend and give evidence, and this before the Board'commenced its sittings. It was clearly his place then to communicate with the Board and seek for permission to have his interests watched in the way that he speaks of. He ought to have remembered that he was only one of several whom the people blamed in connection with Baker's case, and we did not think that it would be necessary for us to point out that the Board is not enquiring into .< the . mistakes pf' any special individual; ' It is simply collect- ing evidence, and. this will , in proper time be submitted to the reading public, who will then have; an opportunity of passing judgment as they feel disposed. Believing with -the doctor that the enquiry particularly affects him, we do not see how" the Board could have fairly refused him or his solicitor permission to attend their sessions ; but the fact remains that he never -asked for 'such a privilege.: . And.i as we have already pointed out, there is ho specified charge made against: Dr. Wood or anyone else. 