1 Hardy Horseman. BY EDNA LYALL, jtiliher tf " " Wr Two" "f* lit Gt Ag^," " Knieht-Errexif &a; CHAPTER XV.—a»Oirme&. They walked home in silence, Miss Charlotte grieving over tie hopdess failure of the meeting to achieve what she desired. She had not yet learnt that different natures need different kinds of food, and that to expect Frithiof to swallow the teaching which exactly suited certain minds was about as sensible as to feed a baby with Thoriey's Food for Cattle. However, there never yet was an hofiesfc attempt to'do good which really failed, though the vast j majority fail apparently. It was impossible that the revivalists' teaching could «ver be acceptfed hy thfc Norseman; but their ardent devotion, their practical, aggressive lives, impressed him not a little, and a somewhat disagreeable light Over Ms own selfishness. Partly owing this, partly from physical causes, he f?ft bitterly out «f heart with himself far the next few weeks'- In truth,-he was thoroughly out of health, and he had not the only power which can hold irritability in check—the strong restraint of love. Except a genuine liking for the Bonifaces, he had nothing to take him out of himself, and he was quite ready to return with interest the dislike which the other men in the shop felt for him, first on account of his foreign birth, but chiefly because of his proud manner and hasty temper. Sometimes he felt that he could bear the life no longer; and at times, out of his very wretchedness, there sprang up in him a vague pity for those who were in his own position. As he stood there behind the counter he would say to himself, "There are thousands and thousands in this city alone who have day after day to endure this horrible monotony, to serve the customers who are rude, and the customers who are civil, the hurried ones who are all impatience, the tiresome ones who dawdle, the bores, who give you as much trouble as they can, often for nothing. One day follows another eternally in the same dull round. I am a hundred times better off than most—there are no hurried meals here, no fines, no unfairness—and yet what drudgery it is !" And as he glanced out at the sunny street and heard the sound of horses' hoofs in the road, a wild longing used to seize him for the freedom and variety of his life in Norway, and the old fierce rebellion against his fate woke once more in his heart, and made him ready to fly into a rage on the smallest provocation. One day he was sent for to Mr. Boniface's private room; he was quite well aware that his manner, even to Roy himself, whom he liked, had been disagreeable in the extreme, and the thought crossed his mind that he was going to receive notice to leave. Mr. Boniface was sitting at his writingable^ thesunlightJiell on Ins quiet, refined^ ' lace, lit up his white hair and trim beard," 1 and made his kindly grey eyes brighter than ever. " I wanted a few words with you, Falck," he said. "Sit down. It seems to me that you have not been looking well lately, and I thought perhaps you had better take your holiday at once instead of the third week in August. I have spoken to Darnell, and he would be willing to give you his turn and take the later time. What do you think ? " " You are very good, sir," said Frithiof, " but I shall do very well with the August holiday, and, as a matter of ;fact, it will only mean that I shall do more translating." " Would you not do well to go home ? Come, think of it, I would give you three weeks if you want to go to Bergen.'' Frithiof felt a choking sensation in his throat, because it was of the old life that he had been dreaming all the morning with a restless, miserable craving. "Thankyou," he said, with an effort, " but I cannot go back to Norway." " Now, tell me candidly, Falck, is it the question of expense that hinders you?" said Mr. Boniface. " Because if it is merely that I would gladly lend you the money. You must remember that you have had a great deal to bear lately, and I think you ought to give yourself a good rest" " Thank you," replied Frithiof; " but it is not exactly the expense. I have money enough in handtopay formypassage,but I have made up my mind not to go back till I can clear off the last of the debts of —of our firm," he concluded, with a slight quiver in his voice. " It is a noble resolution," said Mr. Boniface," and I would not for a moment discourage you. Still you must remember that it is a great undertaking, and that without good health you can never hope for success. I dont think you get enough exercise. Now why don't you join our cricket club ? " " I don't play," said Frithiof. " In Norway we are not great at those games, or indeed at any kind of exercise for the mere sake of exercise. That is an idea, that one only finds among Englishmen.'' " Possibly ; but living in our climate you would do well to follow our habits. Come, let me persuade you to join the club. You look to me as if you needed greater variety." " I will think about it for next year; but, just now I have work for Hen- Si vertsen on hand which I can't put aside," said Frithiof. " Well, then things must go on as they are for the present," said Mr. Boniface ; " but at least you can bring your translating down to Rowan Tree House, and spend your holiday with us." " You are very land," said Frithiof die boyish expression returning to his face just for a minute. " I shall be only too delighted." And the interview seemed somehow to have done him good, for during the next few days he was less irritable, and found his work in consequence less irksome. CHAPTER XVI. BtJT the change for the better did not last long, for Frithiof was without the motive which "makes drudgery divine." And there was no denying that the work he had to do was really drudgery. It has been the fashion of late years to dwell much on the misery of the slums, and most of us are quite ready to be stirred into active sympathy with the abjectly poor, the hungry or die destitute. It is to be feared, however, that very few of us have much consideration for the less romantic, less sensational lives of the middle-class, the thousands who toil for as day after day behind the counter or at the desk. And yet are their lives one whit less worthy of sympathy ? Aid they not educated to a point which makes them infinitely more sensitive? Hood has given us a magnificent poem on the sorrows of a shirtmaker; but who will take the trouble to find poetry in the sorrows - _ and - wearinesses of — shop-assist- I ante? It has been said that the very | atmosphere of trade trills romana, that no poet or novelist would dare to tie up such a thane; and yet evetywhee the human heart is the Same, and step-life does not interfere with the love and Utn hatreds, the joys and sorrows which make up the life of every human being, and out of which are woven al the romances which were ever written No one would dispute the saying that hbour is worship, yet nevertheless weknoy well enough that while some work of itself ennobles the worker, there is other work which has to be ennobled by the way in which it is done. An artist and a coalheaver both toil for the general good, but most people will admit that the coalheaver is heavily handicapped. If in the actual Work of shop-assistants there is a prosaic monotony, then it is all the more probable that they need our warmest sympathy, our moEt—thoughtful considers tmcss since they themselves are no machines, jbiit men and women with exactly the "Same ' It is hopes and desires as the rest of us. because we consider them of a different order that we tolerate the long hours, that we allow women to stand all day long to serve us, though it has been proved that terrible diseases are the consequence. It is because we do not in our hearts believe that they are of the same flesh and blood, that we think with a sort of contempt of the very people who are brought most directly into contact with us, and whose hard-working lives often put ours- to shame. About the'middle of July the Bonifaces went down to Devonshire for their usual summer holiday, and Frithiof found that, as Roy had predicted, Mr. Horner made himself most disagreeable, and never lost a chance of interfering. It must be owned that there are few things so trying as fussiness, particularly in a man, of whom such weakness seems unworthy. And Mr. Homer was the most fussy mortal on earth. It seemed as if he called forth all that was bad in Frithiof, and Frithiof also called out everything that was bad in him. The breach between the two was made much wider by a most trivial incident. A miserable looking dog unluckily made its way into the shop one morning and disturbed Mr. Horner in his sanctum. " What is the meaning of this ? " he exclaimed, bearing down upon Frithiot " Can you not keep stray curs off the premises? Just now too,' with hydrophobia raging!" And he drove and kicked the dog to the door. Now there is one thing which no Norseman can tolerate for a moment, apd that is any sort of cruelty to animals Frit'iiof, in his fury, did not measure his c o u p w o t s m s l m words, or speak as the employed to the employer, and from that time Mr. Horner's hatred of him increased tenfold. To add to all this wretchedness an almost tropical heat set in; London was like a huge over-heated, oven; every day Frithiof found the routine of business less bearable, every day he was less able to fight against Ids love for Blanche, and he rapidly sank into the state which hard-headed people flatter themselves is a mere foolish fancy,—that most real and-trying-form-of illness jehir-h gmdy. the name depression. 'Again and again he wrestled with the temptation that had assailed him long ago in Hyde Park, and each sight of James Homer, each incivility from those he had to serve, made the struggle harder. He was sitting at his desk one morning adding up a column which had been twice interrupted, and which had three times come to a different result, when once again the swing door was pushed open and a shadow falling across his account book warned him that the customer had come to the song-counter. Annoyed and impatient he put down his pen and went forward, forcing up the sort of cold politeness which he assumed now, and which differed strangely from the bright genial courtesy that had once been part of his nature. The customer was evidently an Italian. He was young and strikingly handsome ; when he glanced at you, you felt that he had looked you through and through, yet that his look was not critical but kindly, it penetrated yet at the same time warmed. Beside him was a bright-eyed boy who looked up curiously at the Norseman, as though wondering how on such a sunny day any one could wear such a clouded face. Now Frithof was quite in the humour to dislike any one, more especially a man who was young, handsome, well-dressed, and prosperous-looking; but some subtle influence crept over him the instant he heard the Italian's voice, his hard eyes softened a little, and without being able to explain it he felt a strong desire to help this man in finding the song which he had come to inquire about, knowing only the words and the air, not the name of the composer. Frithiof, who would ordinarily have been inclined to grumble at the trouble which the search involved, now threw himself into it heart and soul, and was as pleased as his customer when after some little time he chanced to find the song. A thousand thanks," said the Italian warmly. " I am delighted to get hold of this, it is for a friend who has long wanted to hear it again, but who was only able to write down the first part of the air." And he compared with the printed song the little bit of manuscript which he had shown to Frithiof. " Now was it only a happy fluke that made you think of Knighfs name ? " "I know another of his songs, and thought this bore a sort of likeness to it," said Frithiof pleased with his success. "You know much more of English music than I do most likely," said the Italian, " yet surely you, too, are a foreigner." "Yes," replied Frithiof, "I am Norwegian. I have only been here far nine months, but to try and learn a little about die music is the only interesting part of this work." ; The stranger's sympathetic insight showed him much of the weariness and discontent, and " Heimweh" which lay beneath these words. | "Ah, yes,"he said, "I suppose both work and country seem flat anl dull after your life among the fjords and mountains. I know well enough the depression of one's first year in /a new climate. But courage! die worst will pass. I have grown to love this England which once I detested." j It is the airlessness of London which depresses one," said poor Frithiof, rolling up the song. i "Yes, it is certainly very oppressive to-day," said die Italian, "I amjsorry to have given you so much trouble in hunting up this song for me. We ^ may as well take it with us, Gigi, as we are going home." I And then with a pleasant farewell the stranger bowed and went out of die shop, leaving behind hm a memory which did more' to prevent the blue-ievils from gaining the mastery of Frithiofs mind than anything else could possibly have done. When he left, however, at his usual dinner-hour he «c was withb-:'- W1UIV:. U1C the slightest inclination to ana with a I. raving for some relief from the monotny of the glaring streets he walked s e p to Regent's Park, hoping that there b eihaps he might find the fresh air for hich he was longing. He thought much f his unknown customer, half laughing o himself now and then to think that uch a chance encounter should have ade upon him so deep an impression, should have wakened within him desires uch as he had never before felt for a ife which should be higher, nobler, more anly than his past "Come along, will you!" shouted a rough voice behind him. He glanced round and saw an evil-looking tramp who was speaking to a most forlorn little boy at his heels. The child seemed ready to drop, but with a look of misery and fear and effort, most painful to see in such a young face, it hurriedon, keeping awretched little sort of trot at the lieels of its&ther;, who tramped on doggedly. Frithiof was not in the habit of troubling himself much about those he came across in life, his heart had been too much embittered by Blanche's treatment; he had got into the way now of locking on coldly and saying with a shrug of the shoulders that it was the way of the world. But to- day the magical influence of a noble life was stirring within him; a man utterly unknown to him had spoken to him aiew kindly words, had treated him with rare considerateness, bad somehow raised him into a purer atmosphere. And so it happened that he, too, began to feel something of the same divine sympathy, and to forget his own wretchedness in the suffering of the little child. Presently the tramp paused outside a public-house. " Wait for me there in the park," he said to the child, giving it a push in die direction. And the litde fellow went on obediendy, until, just at the gate, he caught sight of a costermonger's barrow on wbidh Cool green leaves and ripe red Strrwberries were temptingly displayed. Frithiof lingered a minute to see what would happen, but nothing happened at all, the child just stood there padendy. There was no expectation on his tired little face, nothing but intense appreciation of a luxury which must for ever be beyond his hopes of enjoyment "Have you ever tasted them?" said Frithiof, drawing nearer. The boy shook his head shyly. < " Would you like to?" Still he did not speak, but a look of rapture dawned in the wistful child eyes, and he gave a litde spring in the air which was tnore eloquent than words. Sixpennyworth," said Frithiof to the costermonger; then signing to the child to follow, he led the way into the park, sat down on the nearest seat, put the basket of strawberries down beside him, and glanced at his little companion. "There, now sit down by me and enjoy them,'' he said. And the child needed no second bidding, but began to eat with an eager delight which was pleasant to see. After a while he paused, however, and shyly pushed the basket a little nearer to his benefactor. Frithiof, absorbed in his own thoughts, 'did not notice it; but presently became conscious of a small brown hand on his sleeve, and looked round. " Eat too," Said the child, pointing to the basket. And Frithiof, to please him, smiled and took two or three strawberries. "There, the rest are for you," he said. "Do you like them ?" "Yes," said the child emphatically; " and I like you." " Why do you like me ? " " I was tired, and you was land to me, and these is real jammy !" But after this fervent litde speech, he said no more. He did not, as a Norwegian child would have done, shake hands as a sign of gratitude, or say in the pretty Norse way," Tak for maden" (thanks for die meal); there had never been anyone to teach him the expression of the courtesies of life, and with him they were not innate. He merely looked at his friend with shining eyes like some animal that feels but cannot speak its gratitude. Then before long the father reappeared, and the little fellow with one shy nod of the head ran off, looking back wistfully every now and then at the stranger who would be remembered by him to the very end of his life. The next day 'something happened which added die last drops to Frithiofs cup of misery, and made it overflow. The troubles of the past year, and the loneliness and poverty which he fraH borne, had gradually broken down his health, and there came to him now a revelation which proved the final blow. He was dining at his usual restaurant. Too tired to eat much, he had taken up a bit of one of the society papers whim someone had left there, and Ms eye fell on one of those detestable paragraphs which pander to the very lowest tastes of the public. No actual na'iw was given, but every one knowing anything .about her. could not fail to see that Blanche Romiaux was die woman referred lb.. Hie most revolting insinuations, the most contemptible gossip, ended with die words," An interesting divorce case may soon be expected." Frithiof grew deathly white. He tried to believe that it was all a lie, tried to Work hinyielf up into a rage against the ditor of the paper, tried to assure himself that whatever Blanche might have before marriage, that after it she must necessarily become all that was womanly and pure. But deep down in his heart there lurked a fearful conviction that in the main this story was true. Feeling sick and giddy, he made his way along Oxford Street, noticing nothing, walking like a man in a dream. Just in front of Buzzard's a victoria was waiting, and a remarkably good-looking man k stood on the pavement talking to its occupant. Frithiof would have passed by without observing them had not a familiar voice startled him into keen consciousness. He looked up hastily and saw Lady Romiaux—not the Blanche who had won his heart in Norway, for the lips that had once been pressed -to his wore a hard look of defiance, and.die eyes that had ensnared him had now an expression that confirmed only too well the story he had just read. He heard her give a little artificial laugh in which there was not even the ghost of merriment, and after that it seemed as if a great cloud - had descended on him. He moved on mechanically, but it was chiefly by a sort of instinct that he found his way back to the shop. "Good heavens, Mr. Falck! how ill you are looking!" exclaimed the head man as he glanced at him. " It's a good thing Mr. Robert will be back again soon. If I'm not very much mistaken, hell put you into the doctor's hands." "Oh, it is chiefly this hot weather," said Frithiof, and as if anxious to put an end to the conversation, he turned away to his desk and began to write, though each word cost him a painful effort, and seemed to be dragged out of him by sheer force. At tea-time he wandered out in the street, scarcely knowing what t t t c a r b i a he was doing, and haunted always by Blanche's sadly altered face. When he returned he found that the boy who dusted the shop had spilt some ink over his order book, whereupon he flew into one of those violent passions to which of late he had been liable, so entirely losing his self-control that those about him began to look alarmed. This recalled him to himself, and much disgusted at having made such a scene, he sank into a state of black depression. He could not understand himself 5 could not make out what was wrong; could not conceive how suCh a trifle could have stirred him into such senseless rage. He sat, pen in hand, too sick and miserable to work, and with a wild confusion of thoughts rushing through his brain. He was driving along the Strangaden with Blanche, and talking gaily of the intense enjoyment of mere existence; he was rowing her on the fjord,-and telling her the Frithiof Saga; he was saving her on the mountain, and listening to her words of love ; he was down in the sheltered nook below the flagstaff at Balholm, and she was dinging ttt him in die farbWell which had indeed beCA f<£ feveh " t can bear it nb longer," he said to himself. " I havfc tried to bear this life, but it's no fise—no use." Yet after a while there rose within him a thought which checked the haunting visions of failure and the longing for death. He remembered the face which had so greatly struck him the day before, and again those kindly words rang in hit ear, " Courage! the worst will pass." Who was this man t What gave him his extraordinary influence? How had he gained his insight, and sympathy, and fearless brightness ? If one man had attained to all this, why hot Shy man? Might not life still holtl for him something that was worth having ? There floated back to him the remembrance of the last pleasurable moment he had known—it was the sight of the child's enjoyment of the strawberries. At length Closing-time came. He dragged himself back to Vauxhall, shut himself into his dreary litde room, pulled the table towards the open window, and began to work at Herr Sivertsen's translating. Night after night he had gone on, with the dogged courage of his old Viking ancestors, upheld by the same fierce, fighting nature which had made them the terror of the North. But at last he was at the very end of his strength. A violent shivering fit seized him. Work was no longer possible: he could only stagger to the bed, with that terrible consciousness of being utterly and hopelessly beaten, which to a man is so hard to bear. Oppressed by a frightful sense of loneliness, dazed by physical pain, and tortured by the thought of Blanche's disgrace, there was yet one thing which gave him moments of relief—like a child he strained his eyes to see the picture of Bergen which hung by the bedside. Later on, when die summer twilight deepened into night, and he could no longer make out the harbour, and the shipping, and the familiar mountains, he buried his face in the pillow and sobbed aloud, in a forlorn misery which, even in Paradise, must have wrung his mother's heart. * * * . * Roy Boniface came bade from Devonshire the following day, Jus holiday being shortened by a week on account of ; the illness of Mrs. Homer's uncle. As there was every reason to expect a legacy from this aged relative, Mr. Homer insisted on going down at once to see whether they could be of any IISCJ and since | he shop was never left without one of hb fiartners, poor Roy, anathematizihg he whole race of the Homers, had to ome back and endure as best he might London August and an empty house. like many other business men he the monotony of his daily work y always keeping two or three hobbies hand. The mania for collecting had been encouraged at Rowan Tree House, and just now botany was his delight. It was even, perhaps, absorbing too flinch of his time, and Cecil used laughingly to tell him that he lored it more than all the men and women in the world put together. He was contentedly mounting specimens on the night of his return, when James Horner looked in, the prospective legacy making him more than ever fussy and pompous. " Ah, you nave -conle back; that's all right!" he exclaimed. " I had hoped you would have come round to us. However, no matter, I don't know that there is anything special to say, and of course this sad news has upset my wife very much." "Ah," said Roy, somewhat sceptical in his heart of hearts about the depth of her griet " We were sorry to hear about it." "We go down the first tiling to morrow," said Janles Homer, " and shall, of course, stay on. They Say there is no hope of recovery." "What do you think of that?" said Roy, pointing to a very minute flower which he had just mounted. " It is the first time it has ever been found in England." . "H'm, is it really!" said James Homert regarding it with that would-be interested air, that bored perplexity, which Roy took a wicked delight in calling forth. " Well, you know, I don't understand," he added, " how a practical man like you can take an interest in such trumpery bits of things. What are your flowers worth when you've done them ? Now if you took to collecting autographs there'd be some sense in that, for I understand that a. fine collection of autographs fetches a good round sum in the market." " That would only involve more deekwork}" said Roy, laughing. " Writing to ask for them would bore me as much as writing in reply would bore the poor celebrities." " By the bye," sad Mr. Horner, " I have just remembered to tell you that provoking fellow Falck never turned up to-day. He never even .had the grace to send word that hfe wasn't coming." u Of course fie must ue ill," said R(tyt looking disturbed. " He is the last fellow to stay away if he could possibly keep up. Wa all .thdiigHt him lodktag ill before we left" . _ "I don't know about illness," said tunes Homer, putting on his hat • "but hfe Certainly has the worst temper I've fiver come across. It was extremely awkward without him to-day, for already we are short of hands." "There can hardly be much doing," said Roy. " London looks like a desert. However, of course IH look up Falck. I daresay hell be all right again by tomorrow." Buthehadsearcelysettled himself down Comfortably lb bis work after jimes Hofne^s welcome departure when the thought of Frithiof fame to trouble him. After all, was it likely that a mere trifle would hinder a man of the Norwegian's nature from going to business? Was it not much more probable that he was too ill even to write an excuse ? And if so, how helpless and desolate he would be! . Like most people, Roy was sHfishi Had he lived Altaic bfe would have befonlfc more selfish every day; but it was impossible to live in the atmosphere of Rowan Tree House without, at any rate, trying to consider other people. With an effort he tore himself away from his beloved specimens, and set off briskly for Vauxhall, where, after some difficulty, he found the litde side street in which, among doeenS of others precisely like it, was die house of the three Misses Turnour. A litde withered-up lady opened the door to him, and replied nervously to his question,— "Mr. Falck is ill," she said. "He seems very feverish ; but he was like it once before, when he first came to England, and it passed off in a day or two." " Can I see him ? " said Roy. " Well, he doesn't like being disturbed at all," said Miss Charlotte. " He'll hardly let me inside the room. But if you would just see him, I should really be glad. You will judge better if he should see die doctor or not." "Thank you, 111 go up then. Don't let me trouble you." "It is noise he seems to mind so much," said Miss Charlotte. " So if you will find your way up alone, perhaps it would be best. It is the first door you come to at the top of the last flight of stairs." Roy went up quiedy, opened the door as noiselessly as he could, and went in. The window faced the sunset, so that the room was still fairly light, and die litter discomfort of everything was folly apparent "I wish you wouldn't come in ag<n," said an irritable voice from the bed. The lightest footstep is torture." " I just looked in to ask how yqu were,' said Roy, much shocked to see how ill his friend seemed. 4 " Oh, it's you !" said Frithiof, turning his flushed face in the direction of the speaker. " Thank God you've come! That woman will be the death of me. She does nothing but ask questions." " I've only just got back from Devon' shire, but they said you hadn't turned up to-day, and I thought I would come and see after yofu." ~ Frithiof dragged himself up and drank feverishly from the ewer which stood on a chair beside him. " I tried to come this morning," he said, "but I was too giddy to stand, and had to give it up. My head's gone wrong somehow." " Poor fellow! you should have given up before," said Roy. "You seem in terrible pain." "Yes, yes; it's like a band of hot iron," moaned poor Frithiof. Then suddenly starting tip in wild excitement, " There's Blanche! there's Blanche! Let me go to her! Let me go ! I will see her once more—only {his once!" Roy with some difficulty held him down, and after a while he seemed to come to himself. " Was I talking nonsense ?" he said. " It's a horrid feeling not being able to control one's self. If 1 go crazy you can just let me die, please. Life's bad enough now, and would be intolerable then. There she is again! She's smiling at me. Oh, Blanche!—you did care once. Come back ! Come back! He Caft't love you as I love ! But it's no use—no use! she is worse than dead. I tell you I saw it in that cursed paper, and I saw it in her own face. Why, one might have known! All women are like it What do they care so long as their vanity is satisfied ? It's just as Bjomsen says :— / ' If thou hadst not so smiled on me, Now I should not thbs weep for thee.'" And then he fell into incoherent talk, chiefly in Norwegian, but every now and then repeating the English rendering of Bjornsen's lines. Meanwhile Roy turned over in his mind half-a-dozen schemes, and at length decided to leave Frithiof during one of the quiet intervals, while he went for their own doctor, Miss Charlotte mounting guard outside the door, and promising to go to him if he seemed to need care. Dr. Morris, who was an old friend, listened to Roy's description, and returned with him at once, much to the relief, of poor Miss Charlotte, who was frightened out of her senses by one of Frithiofs paroxysms of wild excitement. " Do you think Seriously of him ? " said Roy, when, the excitenlenf having died down, Frithiof lay in a sort of stupor, taking no "notice at all of his surround* ings. " If we can manage to get him any sleep he will pull through all right," said Dr. Morris, in his abrupt way. " If not, tie will sink before many days. You had better send far his mother, if he has one." " He has only a sister, dtta she is in Norway." • " Well, send for her, for he will need careful nursing. You say you will take charge of him ? Very well; and to- morrow moming I will send in a nurse, who wil set you at liberty for a few hours. Evidently he has had some shock. Can you make out what it was at all ? " " Well, last autunin, I believe—indeed I am sure-^he Was jilted by ah English girl with whom he was desperately in love. It all came upon the top of the other troubles of which I told you." "And what is this paper he raves about? What is the girl's name? We iftight get some clue in that way." "Oh," said Roy, "she was married some months agd. She is now Lady Romiaux." The doctor gave a stifled exclaniificttL " That explains all. I suppose the poor fellow honestly cared for her, and was shocked to see the paragraph in this weekfe Idle Time. Your friend has had a lucky escape) if he codld but see it in that light. For the husband df that heartless little flirt ntust be the' most tfiiserable ma) alive. We shall soon have another of those dfetesteible ctuiseS ctBBi-es; an newspapers lying about in every household will be filled with all <h£ poisonous details." As Roy kept watch through the loagf nights and days that followed, as he listened to the delirious ravings of his patient, and perceived how a man's life and health bad been ruined by the faithlessness of a vain girl, he became so absorbed in poor Frithiof, so devoted to him, that he altogether forgot Kis speCifflefis and his microscope. He wondered greatly how many -Victims Had been sacrificed to Blanche Romiaux's selfis)i love of admiration, and he longed to hav€ ber in that room, and point to the man who tossed to and fro in sleepless misery, and say to her," This is what your hateful flirting has brought about" But the litde Norwegian episode had entirely passed out of Lady Romiaux's mind. Hdd she been questioned she would probably have" replied that her world contained too many hard realities to leave room for the recollection of mere dreams. The dream, however, had gone hard with FrithioC Sleeping- draughts had no effeet on bim, and his temperature remained so high that Dn Morris began to fear the worst Roy used to be haunted by the thought that he had telegraphed for Sigrid Falck, and that he should have to meet her after her long journey with die news that all was over. And remembering the bright face and sunny manner of the Norwegian girl, his heart failed him at the thought of her desolation. But Frithiof could not even take in the idea that she had been sent for. Nothing now made any difference to him. But sleep refused to come, and already the death-angel hovered near, ready to give him the release for which he so greatly longed. {To be continued,I) DO YOU THINK SERIOUSLY OF HIM ° SAID ROY, 