WIT AND HUMOR, y MR. AND MRS. BOWSER. ' (By Mas. BowSer ) << <> : At 3 o'clock the iotber afternbon I accidentally caught sight of Mr. Bowser tekulking about the back yard.: Hehad acted very restless at dinner time^ 'and I at orice felt , that something was ' came^ an$ I could not get out to the barn for naljF an hour, and then it was.too late.. , A horse^topd^n fig stall, and Mr. Bowser stood looking at the horse. • ,:r y t J. t • . " Have vou—you-——" I gasped. ' «|Have I what?" .r ; . ''Bought another horse, after those two dreadful failures T' "Dreadful failures! I bollght obe horse and he objected to the neighbbrhbod.''''Tbe other liked the neighborhood, 1 but you objected to tbe color." . ' > . ••• : "Mr. 1 Bowser, please don't buy another horse. We don't need one, 'you know, and yoi will surely get swindled" , . "Swihdle'd ! I g£t swindled on a horse! Mrs. Bowser, the man who can swindle me on a horse has yet to be born ! I know 'tin from earis to heels. I can read 'em like so many books. We need a horse. Here was*chance for a great bargain, and I improved iti-' i ' "I'm so—bo sorry !'' • " That's jtist likfe '^ou. but I cHri't help it. I don't propose to throW a hundred dollars over my shoulder. I bought tba( animal for 200do1., and jiist in time to head off a man' who would have been glad to pay 300Jol. I wouldn't, take 400dol. for him as he stands there." , I was much put out, and after a time Mr. Bowser followed, ine into .the house, and isaid : "Just wait a week, and if he doesn't tain out all right I'll sell bim for the ^OOdoi. and give you the extra lOOdol." " Nothing further was said until the next morning, though in the meantime I heard Mr. Bowser telephoning kbont condition powdgts, bran-mashes, toe-weights f quarter-boots, iiandboldera, and tbroat-B,wea|«rfl., It, seemed to me that he ordered ,about 50do|. worth of those .things.: Twice in the night .he ..got up and^-aised the back window to listen, and he was out of bed and out to the barn with the first beams Of daylight. He came into breakfast Jwith a smile all over his face, and anhounced : V Mrs. Bo wBer,-yonrself"and"ymir child are invited to a sleigh-ride after breakfast." • " You don't irieati^itT' ' J 1 "But I do. Not onTylKat, but I hope to ehCw you a gait that will'throw snow in the eyes of ali who follow." He had borrowed a neighbour's cutter and bells, and after breakfast I got ready., Mr. Bowser said it was better tc inake our start from the barn, and when I got out there I found a lengthy, raw-boned, wall-eyed equine pawing the floor and working hiB ears, and anxious to be off. " He looks dangerous," I said, after watching him for a minute. " So does a stuffed lion, but he isn't. However, if you are a coward I'll ask Mr& Johnson to go." .. . " Mr. Bowser, you are as .pale as a ghost, "atail all in a tremble. You are afraid otiiim yourself."' t7—what { Afraid of hits, or any other horse living j You can't go with me, Mrf. Bowser ! Go into the hoose 4" 1 . . > • : I jheld the horsfe while he shnt the barn dobrj and I sized the animal up as a vicious bruU. I fully expected aCaUftrityofeome 'S'jtyjbut I would not ba'dfe otit nof' 'fct' Mr. Bowser go alone. I'^btrea l tk'd / him l {d < nnhitch, but be glared at me and replied " Have you gone clean daft-?,; This horse is as gentle as a rabbity and I'd as' Boon let the baby drive him. Whoa,-Claudius.! Now you : may., go/' ' Bat Glaudifla didn't go. He pawed the earth and the air,- stood On hi« bifid feet, and seettj^d tt> ha^e struck a! circus. ' ** Is this a blooded horse T' I asked of Mf. Bowser, who was looking puzzled. '' " Certainly. He's a Feamaught." " Then he dosen't Mr ub, does he 1 And do Feamaught horses Always go through those cunning .tricks before the start off 1" " Seep still! Go on, Claudius." Claudius diopped down on all-fours long enough to use his bind feet and send the dashboard of the outter flyin{g high above our heads, andjas I picked the slivers out of my bonniet 1 asked Mr: Bowser if he hadn't better let the baby drive. Just then the beast started. He stared with a sort of hop ; skip, and jump, which gave me the impression that the cutter wanted to get over the fence into the nest yard. After getting a,start the horse laid himself out for a run, and as I.realised this I said to Mr. Bowser, whose eyes hung out like onions ; " He was warranted.perfectly docilej wasn't he? Tbis is only hiB way. of getting down town, isn't it ?" " He's runnipg away !" shouted Mr. Bowser! as his hat blew off and a great cloud of Bnow whizzed by his ear. , . " But you ain't, afraid of any horse living, you know f It's probably some freak oh the part of Claudius. What a detigbful pac.4 J'" Whatever else could be said against the horse he was a lunner. He bad a contract to draw us at the rate of a mile every three minutes, and be didn't fitop tb count the Cost. How we Managed to dodg6 street cats, sleighs, cutters, and trucks, and to turn three or. four corners in, safety I can't explain, but it was perhaps because I had the lines and Mr, Bowser was loolung for a soft place to fall out on. The.brute stopped after a two-mile dash, and w.hen ,1 brought him up to the curbstones policeman had to lift Mr. Bowser out and give him a swallow of cordial to brace him up. "I had him almost stopped when a cramp caught me," explained ;Mr. Bowser to the .crowd. ./.: : i i" " Rate r called half a dozen voices: old man, you aren't lit to drive no such beast :as that!" -,.,.,. • v ' ' " Nobody but a fool would have'boug'lit such a brute!' .. _ • "Come off, old man, and'biiy you. a hohby horse !" ' " ' ' Mr. Bowser and 1 went home on the car. We didn't 'say taiuCh until we reached the house. I wasn't going to say much then, but Mr. Bowser turned oii'mC with-: ; ;' . " Now, then, Explain yoiir conduct!" "What?" . "In snatching those lineB out of my. hpnd and tVying to make a heroine of yourself ! Mrs. Bowser, there is a limit to all tlfin^e. You have reached that limit!. I may hot be home again this ^eek i", . . /,., . But he, was. Indeed, he has been .very humble ever Bipce.^ He got rid of the horse next day, gave me money for a pprj^g ^onnet, and it is mutually understood that we ! don't refer to the past..... 