Wild Margaret. CHAPTER XXV. ' His highness,' exclaimed Violet contemptuously. ' Every second man --nu meets in Italy is a count or a ju-iiice. AVIuit is it he has written, Aus tin '{ Your Italian is butter than mine.' Austin Ambrose took the card. ' This is not Italian, it is English,' he said. ' ' Prince Rivani begs the honour of the Eurl of Ferrers' pres ence at a conversazione. Palace Augustus,, this evening at ten o'clock.' ' ' I thought it was understood that we did not visit ?' said Violet languidly. ' Why do people bother us ? Prince Rivani: This is the second time he has left his card.' ' His highness ib \ery attentive, at any rate,' said Austin Ambrose. Shall you go V ' Seeing that I am not asked,' said Violst, ' it is not very prob able.' ' Oh, I expect it is one of those gatherings which these Italians de light in : a little music, a little weak lemonade, and mild tobacco. Blair might like to go.' ? Here is Blair to answer for him self,' said Violet, as Blair strode on to the balcony. ' What is it ?' he said, looking front one to the other. ' Only an invitation,1 replied Aus tin Ambrose. ' I don't suppose you would care for it. You would be bored to death.' ' ' Prince Hivani.' He called the other day,' said Biair thoughtfully, as he lout over the oalcony. ' Would you care to go, Violet?1 ' I am not invited,' she said im jvitic-sitly. 'Don't you see it men tions you only V ' Ah, you, a bachelor's party,' said Blair. ' I may fio ; it is a lovely day. I have been on the hills, and — Ab,' he exclaimed, and he leant ov-.-r tlic balcony with a sudden ap peaiauce of interest. Austin Ambrose glided to his sitie. ' What is the matter ? Is it any thing wonderful V eaid the countess, and she rose from the couch and luukod over. Blair bit his lip. 1 It is nothing,' he said. ' I thought I saw someone I knew.' 'You are like Austin,' he said, cnling hursclf on the couch again; ho started and dropped his cigar jiist now.' Blair walked out of her hear ing, and beckoned Austin Am brose. ' Do you know whom it was I saw just now ?' he said. ' Couldn't guess,' replied Aus tin. ' It was Lottie Belvior,' said Blair. Austin Ambrose laughed. ' Ob, nonsense. Lottie here. Why, she is engaged with a com. pany touring in England ; I happen to know it ? ' ' It was Lottie Belvior,' eaid Blair quietly ; ' I never forget a face. Lottie in Naples and in rags.' ' Oh, nonsense ; it's impossible,' said Austin Ambrose lightly. 'I tsll you she is on an English tour nt this present moment. How on earth could she be here ?' ' I do not know, but I am certain it was she,' said Blair gravely. ' I'll soon convince you,1 said Aus tin Ambrose, and lie dissappeared. lie mingled with the crowd for five minutes, then he was back again. ' As I thought,' he said with a smile. ' She is a Neapolitan girl with a face rather like Lottie's.' ' Rather like,' said Blair with a sigh of relief. ' It was an astonish ing resemblance, but if you saw the girl closely it is all right.' But the reBembiance to Lottie of the girl in rags in the streets of Naples haunted him several times that evening, and on 1mb way to Prince Rivani's rooms, he found himself unconsciously scanning the faces of the women who passed, as if he feared to see the girl. Of Pri-jce Bivani he bad of course heard, but be bad not seen him yet, and it was with a lanquid kind of curiosity that he followed the foot man into tbe salon. There were about fifteen or twenty gentlemen present, most of tbenjjsmoking cigarettes, and from tueirjiiiiclst a tall, patrician-looking figure came to meet him. Biair, though he hud heard of the prince's popularity and his good looks, was not prepared for so hand some a face ; and he was looking at him A-ith interest when he was struck by the expression of the prince's eye. It seems, as if he were regarding Blair with a scru tiny far and away beyond that usual on the part of a host greeting a guest for the first time. The prince.s face, tot), was pale, and his iips compressed as if by some sup pressed emotion. But his courtesy was peifection. ' I am honoured, Lord Ferrers,' he said bowing, as he just touched Blair's hand. 'Let me introduce you to some friends of mine,' and lie led Biair round the room, mak ing him known to one another. There were some Englishmen there — one meete them everywhere, from Kamscbatka to the plains of Loo, — and ho got into conversaion with oneaod other. Now again the prince joined them and chatted, but the look Blair had noticed remained on tbe prinee's face, and once or twice Blair, happening to glance to wards him, was surprised to see the prince's brilliant eyes fixed upon him with a regard that was stern and almost threatening. Presently, just as he was think ing of taking his leave, the prince :ame up to him. 'Are you fond of art, Lord Ferrers V he enquired, in a grave voice. Blair shook his head. 1 1 like a good picture, but I don't inow anything about it,' he aaid. You h-tve a ,very fine collection, lave you not ? The prince shrugged his Bboul l«rs. ' Not so fine as that at Leyton 3ourt, Lord Ferrers, he said,' with i bow. ' But I possess one picture vhich I value above the others. I im so attached to it that it travels ibout with me ; it is here, in my vriting room. Would you care to :ee it ? I think it will repay you or your trouble.' Blair rose at once. ' I should like to very much,' he said. The prince led the way to a iDiall room on the same door, aud ;fcood before a picture, closely cur tained. ' You will want plenty of light,' le said, turning up the gas as he smoked,' and if you will sit just there. Lord Ferrers, you will be in the uost favourable position.' At the same time be himself took ip his stand by the curtain, with us eyes fixed piercingly upon Blair's 'ace. 1 Now,' he said, ' I want you to iell me exactly how this picture itrikes you at first eight. You shall ixamine it closely and criticise it ifterwaids. I ought to tell you ,bat it has made the artist famous.' As he spoke, still keeping his eyes ixed upon Blair's face, he drew the lurtain. Blair had not felt much nterest in the proceedings, and ex -ected to see some piece of artistic trickery, and so leant back to take t at his ease ; when suddenly, as if ie evil of the past had been rent tsunder, there sprang upon his sight ;he picture of his Margaret lying on he rocks at Applefora : the exavt ^presentation of her death as he lad pictured it, alas, how ofteu. For a moment he sat like a man ,urned to stone, thinking that he lad gone mad ; then he sprang to lis feet, and, white as a ghost, drew lear to the picture. Yes ; it was not only an exact ?epresentation of the Long Bock, -ut the dead Margaret herself. Was it magic ? How came the pic ure to be painted ? — who had minted it ? Trembling and almost beside him elf, he had forgotten the presence -f the prince, who, mute as himself, tood with folded arms regarding lim with a stern look. 'Does the picture please you, Jord Ferrers ?' he said, and there vas something ominous in his roice. Biair started and turned to :iim. ' I — I beg your pardon. Yes, it is a marvellous picture. But there is something connected with it ; [ — ' he sank into the chair and covered his face with his hands, The prince stood regarding him in silence for a moment ; then he Irew tfae curtain over the picture md turned to Blair. ( Tu ht Ci'nlimmiJ 