WOIMEN'S C tR[STIAN TEMPERANCE UNION. The quarterly meeting of the Women's Chlritinu Temperance Uclon was held, in Mr. Ham'arooma,Nicholase.creet,?satevoenug,when the proceedingsdeviated lightlyfrom the ordin. ary course, inasmuch as the meetieg was open to honorary members, and a social ten was given during no interval in the proceedings. There was a really excellcot attendance, toe room being taxed to its utmost holding cepacity, and the president (Mrs. W. M. Payne)occupied the chair, After devotional ecercises, The PsEosnnrT delivered a sterling address, in the coarse cf which ehe stated that the union had decided to take up another portion of Ilbour-a young women's work. There were several young women members of their society who o uld not attend their ordin ary meetings, ae they were employed during the day. They had, accordingly, decided to hold a meeting in the evening, once a quarter, for thlose thus situated. It was their intention to appoint superintendents (young women) who would go amongast those of their own age, and induce tbem to become members of the union. There was still a wide field of operation for theyoung women belonging to their institution, and the work was a commendable one. Some people wanted ntoknow the meaning of their wearing the white ribbon in addition to the blue, and she (the speaker) had been asked if it meant social purity. While it indicated that in a measure, it meant principally that the wearers were in favour of total prohibition, and they were opposed toevil in every shape and form. Their watchwerd was, " For God, home, and humanity," and their obsject was to try and briog men and women to God. (Ap planuse.) After the seoretary (Miss Williams) had read the minutes of the previous meeting, Mrs. J. Gass??atn gave a brief address, and said that the union had now a membership of over eighty. S;nce the beginning of Sep tember, she had received esubsoriptions to the amount of about £9, so that they had plenty of money to go on with. Miss Ginn had un dertaken the flwer mission work, and, during the last eleven weeks, she had distributed about 500 bouquets in the local Hospital. (Applause.) Two young ladies were then elected to the position of superintendents, in accordance wsth a reoletion passed at a previoune meeting, and alladed to in Mrs. Payne's address, after which the secretary road the eoroespodenoe, and a few accounts were passed for payment. Miss WoLaSer also spoke a few words with reference to the suoenss of the mothers' meet inge in Little Ipswiob, and said then there were between fifteen and thirty attending members at those gatherings. At the social tea, a week or so ago, there were as many as forty present. Mrs. J. A. Nolas (superintendent of the mothers' meetings) said that their gatherings were a snocess at Little Ipaswibh, Newtown, Tivoli, and Woodend Pocket. The Pt?nnesoE then asked any o?tthe honDa. sry membera present, who cared to do so, to say a few words, and to offer any suggestions they mightthink fit. Isreeponsetosachinvitation, Messrs. W. M. PasS, J. M'GLsL, and Ad. Evass, sen., delivered very encouraging ad dresses. Mr. H. A. Williame recited "'Bean. tiful Snow" very creditably, and received a hearty applause for hiseffort, after which re. freshmenta were handed round by some of the ladies and gentlemen present, the provisions being impartially sanipled and eulogietically commented upon. Miss Pryor sweetly sang "Beautiful Dove," and Miss Jones received applauee for her rendering of "The Flower's Message." After Mos. Sotton had faultlessly recited "Jeannie Grey," The Rev. Jos. WasLKon delivered a short address, in which he esuggested that some of the members of their union should deliver an address at the Blackall Fountain, when they held their open.air temperance gatherings. During the evening, Mr. J. E. Greenham presided at the piano in his usuenal faultless manner. The singing of the tomperane do:. ology Praise God, from whom all blessings flow, Praise Him, who heals the drunkard's woe, Praise Him, who leads the temperance host, Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and the pronouneing of the benediction ann, eluded a very enjpyable meeting. 