CIII AIi: ?l'tll :iy f C ll, IIAIIP. 'lThat illght, 11111i lr?dl ront the (is)y' woark rind th, fih alir, I huinl) fill aoliti Il dre ll l Ia ll lo ids aif 1 o1I anslid rInystIlion Inunio. Haddlily 1] w(okmand tin I olloutell any thouphts ) ilt) r~lou of Um?ai full upo1, ny lory, but tot s.hI watnfu wrioh It hif hiajr hlrhtly tlolied, and ylet willhr il silte I do confsn Illnt after nil Hit Chlarltnn ind tohl oo It blf laIII to fII ' Ill'o'ntilluoo for the first tlime iIn liy Ilf t but for nil lthit I win not to 1U ( done. Hit letting out of blIi huItIlly I putlll lly ulthelle, inkhlln iltr, hlowlOevaor int lto ull oni lliy luuul lfor I wl?irild lto /tnI, allout itho hllousai ll Ilinueloliy an I " I11h,. 'I'hn n lllllu llt d llaelnd by niow, nurfdl lf the 1(t11u11n 1 ln d wrllllled ii aller'!0ui . 'l'1IIl IIu lh.I hui p, I urlllltly unilhehd illy ldoo)r aildall l l ll ii 1'i 11 1 ii1 111u lhll rrlur, All icu'rt, hInd 'd, aftelr ll 1 I l ik lily nervae Iln rl elr I ou f nll l l''av 'if 1 nl t'1 Unl fll lrnit lly urlul. tiil I r?,10ll r allllin lIt ohl ylllto- " ,Il.tl/l//i ,/?l. ,," I wan afhout I r?I tr l ll to ily 0all roall when IIihsarp 0ol'ulii of , iplilull. wulut UUn li m ry 'our, It wil fIllowOdL by p 1fil cry, ?nd" both dame from the room' lately occupied by Sir Charles, and now tenanted by his adopted son. I soon found that not I alone had heard the report of the pistol. The household had been aroused, and lights began to flit saout. "Quick, quick I" I aried. " Come here I" "\\\'hat is it, sir? What is the matter ?" demanded many of the servants as they hurried towards me. "I don't know. But follow me." I would sooner have entered the room alone, but that could not be. We knocked at the door and called on Mr. Standing, but no reply came. So, ordering one or two othero to help me, we burst in the door. George Standing lay on the bed as palo as death. (See Picture No. 2.) Indeed, when I first saw him I believed he was dead; but the servants dashed water over his face, and No. 4.-The exO t mmoeot Hferert was Irneelieg nthie frthlre's bedride. 'ater a little while he recovered. In fael, I Ihought he recovered somewhat sooner than was natural. *' Let m got out of this horrid rooml" he cried, " I have seen it-I have seen it I" "Seen what?" demanded the servants, eagerly. '" Mr. Standing," I said, sternly, "are you a coward, that a dreame could have so frightened youn Think how ill Sir Charles Lester is. Dy the way," I continued, turn rug to the rervants, "'eome of you hadbotter go and eon how Sir Charles is. This mad freak--nightmare, or whatever it ie-ma-ny have greatly alarmed him. The rest can go to bed. I will remain with Mr. Standing." Of courro hie servants did not like this, as it did not satisfy their curiosity ; but as Mr. Standing, much to my surprise, ordered the people to obey me, they did so most re luctantly. When we were alone, and the door securely looked, I turned upon Mr. Standing, and anid, quietly : " Mr. Standing, I am not to be hum bugged. What is the meaning of this little game?" " (tame I" lie exalaimed. "I do not understand you. What do you mean ?" IIto tried to look indignant, but I could soe that he moved about uneasily, and there was lthant trembling of the upper lip which no honest or truthful man over has. "I simply mean this. I do not believe a word about the ghost. I believe you have done this only to frighten Sir Charles. I do not believe in ghosts, and therefore I do not for one moment roadit that Mr. Herbert Lester amruses himself by mnarching about theseo rooms at tier dead of night. Sir Charles is ill; he has been very severe with his son, whose dentil has been a heavy blow to him, Naturally, in his weak state, his imagination runs wildl. and he fancies all hind of thines, anrd nothing so likely that his hoated thouohts ahould runt uposn hI. bory. utyr,, o r die:resnt. from wast 0 on hut.r. ilnEt ntnrer win notac love botwern you and latr. itre. s :.'rrouad only oonjurn upe snuch a vion fron f ro, unuec." "Indeed I And whnt can that cause be '" he naid, with a forced laugh and a meaning glaence at ame. "To kill Sir Charles with fear and ro. morse. You know the nervous state ie is in, and arty great shook might be his death. 1 Prke my advice, Fir; go and see tile barones it once. Ttll him it must have been a dreoam," " By heavens, it was not /" cried the young fellow, quickly. "Very well, then, if you will not go I must.,"I said, quietly. "Only I thought you could have leade thle story sno as to suit . purpose better than I shall be able to lie thought for a moment, and thaen hastily wrapping a dressing.gown about himsell, thrutl his lea t into his elippers, and, mutteringromethling about being ready to do what I wlnshed, although he saw no use in it, I t llo room. I waited until I was sure he would not return, then looked the door. I seized the lamp, and turned the light upe a little way no that I could see better. Then I began to . xamino the place carefully where the epeotro was said to have disappeared. The wall appeared solid enough. I trial it gently with my knukeles, but no sound of hollownoos was given forth. SBuddenly my eyen were arrested by a spot on the poilshedt boards. I knolt down and examined it carefully. It was wet, and when 1 touched it I found that it was blood. YeO, blood 1 I traced it on an on, drip by drip, until I eame to the recess by the old. fashioned. fireplace. Here they ceased, I examined thre wainsoot carefully, and at last discovered what appleared to be a small curved knob, wlioh I screwed round, and found that the oak .panel on whioh it wan :lied yielded at once to my touch, and I discovered a narrow opening, in which was a staircase. I found the secret of the spring inside, and then, having entered the paessge, closed the door carefully behind tit, urp, up I want, for tile stairease was rpiral, when at last I found myscelf opposite another door, which I caannrned care fully, and eont discovoerd a simlahr spring as in Nn. r.-" AlI l:,111 l dlI wletcll " Blc ir (:lieil11· " Lin 1' I tll door holow, I was mbout to touch It, I rhen low, tweot noundo of glorlon ll iuOlo Ir?l noflly on thn nlr-no roflly thalt I I unlull Frcoely blliuvo it In o of thi earlth, I tIrlledi the lght of thIo Jlp down unlII It witn only oI paork, nid tIhni l placed it Ipoll I Iltnt I i r. n ihn noorot nllr InIg, pudulll i I the, door, whioh pel?oi nolonienoly, 11d Orel, )t ilnto thu hlumbe)ir room)-fiojr ith oound it)i deo that won tihn Apinrinn t natl to b. hionited. It won 00 , no lung room, IIIIhit onII y III onIn lll hin jnl0 IIow 0(IIIo wlindwn, thou gt i whilh thn lltru liht, of h110 111moon vow and then tInnita 11 0n (0n bOklll tl g lll oll l rnh lll o lI In lu oIIII, Ily thin iht<ii I nionurd to non thrt rhit worn huntim of o ld hiril or tr I it n lilhti tiihhinu rbllut, looinirg min ihiooinilii in ir ith glonni. lhit orir ijl'rtjti lxoid ly ttinrltin, andi I bodatno blinid i0 alltDl lth Ir i w it ~)o inuM Ia *2 ~ who wao seated at a harp, the strings of whiih he touched plaintively, whilst his pale face was turned with a sorrowful look to the window. I know it in an instant. It was that of Herbert Leeter, but so ghastly palo that I almost believed it was a ghost. Presently he touched the etringe rather louder, sending forth the verid sounds which had so startled the household. "Well," thought I, "anything more like a ghost I never saw. But reason telle me ghoste cannot pull harp atrings; no hero goes." I stole gently up behind him, but striking something with my foot, the ound attraoted his attention. (See Pioture No. 3.) "Herbert Looter, what is the meaning of this folly " I said. There wae no doubt he was there, fleh and bone now; for he turned round and grappled with me with a strength that I oould not have believed so frail a creature could have pos seesed. However, I soon had him under my control, and said: "Liston to me, sir. I am your friend, al though the way I may have to behave may not seem like it. We have not a minute to lose; so, if you please, you will just tell me what the whole affair means, hiding nothing from one. Remember, I say, I am your friend, and I mean it. Come; speak out, and do not hide a thing." The young fellow saw that I was right, and briefly told me all. 