'WEÑIÑG'SITTÍNG.1 ' ' J In connection with the Baptist Union a public meeting in' Hobart ) Tabernacle last' night was fairly attended, and Dr. Benjafield presided and a large choir was.seated'in the gallery. A hymn having been sung, Pastor Isaacs engaged in prayer, a quartette was sweetly, rendered; and the chairman gave his valedictory speech on retiring from the Presidentship of the Uliiwl. He. said I have never under stood till now that the retiring President had to do more than make a graceful bow at, this, meeting, and give place to his successor," but the secretary, I see, has'prograriimed'me for an address; and if I must talk what more meet subject shall I find than a short resume of our year's work as a denomination, and although many of us have failed lament- ably in the amount of work done in the' master's vineyard, yet, as a whole, we have much to-night to rejoice, over. Our con- gregations have during the year increased in nearly all the. churches. Sinners have been won for the Saviour, our Sunday schools are doing good work amongst the yoSñgTáiwl all along the line our members have made a sturdy, stand against the worldly tendencies so rife in the churches. I know of no deserted posts, whilst such buildings as we are met in to-night tell of substantial gain and progress. The noble cheque sent us by our President elect and his father (whose absence we very much I regret) has enabled us this year to build a and open this beautiful tabernacle, which r we hoped to have free horn debt but the times have been sadly against us, still we hope soon to be jubilant over this A few years ago the term Baptist was little better than a by-word in Tasmania, especially in this end of the island, but to-day we have every reason to hope that we are getting to be a power in the land, and I trust we are determined that it shall be a power for good. Last year I said, "Great work needs great workers ;" another year's observations confirm me in the same opinion. H great work is to be done the pew must work as well as the pulpit. . T take it as a layman that it is the preacher's duty to preach and teach, but that it, is ours to bring the people to hear him/ and it is ours to see that he is kept from starving-no,' that he is kept worthy of t God's ambassador, whilst he is so doing the' Lord's work. Now, during the last year in so far as the pew has worked, our churches have been well attended, and in so far as the people have contributed the ambassadors have been paid Yes, some of our people have splendid amounts entered to their credit in heaven's ledger for the year 1888, but be it said to their shame, a great majority have a column of threepenny bits. Sirs, I believe there is a ledger in heaven, and when some of us are publicly told there by the recording angel that we gave Sunday after Sunday the amount we would throw to a passing organ grinder to get rid of him, and we hear our Lord say, " Inasmuch as ye did it to < ne of these, ye did it unto me," I wonder how we will feel. I believe that even in this v world every man gets about as much success as he deserves, that if he works steadily and well, he will ultimately gain success and I have always held that God is not less just in this respect than the world. Another year's observations have but strengthened my confidence in this belief. During the last year we have not seen all the success we would like, but where minister and people have worked, God_has_been near to fulfil., his promises, and had we worked better the blessing would have been greater. Some years ago I met a young minister who was looked upon by everybody as being just a " shingle short. . Not > long since I was told that he was doing a grand work as pastor of a church. I was amazed, but' two or three different informants at once (explained to me that his success was due to indomitable work. If, then, I see such an one honoured of God, how can I do other than conclude that the Father cares far-more about our devotion and work-than ! he does about our abilities, and eloquence. 0h,3IiniBters of Christ; your holy calling is verily sublime, and the world ( shall ever sing' with the prophet-" How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of-him who bringeth good tidings." But this intensely practical age wants feet ready to carry those good tidings over the mountains-not feet in silken slippers to play croquet with silly women ; not feet frightened of a little bush for fear they may get scratched ; not feet that will only walk smooth pavements or grassy meadows; buffet which will dare anything in carrying the Gospel to the wanderer. The day is gone past for this nonsense too, from a worldly point of view, we have little sympathy for the man who assumes the cloth because he thinks it will give him an easy respectable calling. The man who takes money for doing the Lord's work, and skulls and shirks out of doing it gets even from the world the sneers he deserves, whilst the devoted worker in every denomination gains the approval of Heaven and earth. If in our mad rush for gold we get up early, and sit up late, surely the greater love for the Divine Master shall inspire his paid servants to make far greater efforts than we ever put forth, anyway with such professions of zeal the world expects it. We have done some good work during the last year in the Home Mission field, but, there iS much still to be done. as. I, am ^^^MtgaJshed that those who talk. much) if ' ' i ' V ' ; / ' z i 's " abroad. Why the .? Chinamen in China should be so much more interesting than the Chinamen in these colonies, who all mean to return to China, I from a missionary point of view, fail to comprehend. Yet how little is done for his salvation here. Before the Old Country would trust us out been: on medical men, ME had years of study and practice under experienced care. Would it not he well for our China missionaries, for instance, to try their hands upon those they have near home before going so far Î If Mr. Cable is rigid, a great part of the missionaries in India to-day are a sorry mistake. I fancy had they been properly drilled in missionary work before they Went this would not have occurred. But our home mission work must be done. I take it that it is our great work for the future, and has, C much pleasure e now in vacating this chair in favour of a better man. At the conclusion, he said he had much pleasure in introducing his successor, Mr. W. Gibson, of Scone, Perth, as the President for the year 1889. Mr Grusov opened his remarks by referring to the honour and responsibility of tached to his office. In reviewing the past year, which had sped quickly, we miss borne loved faces who had been gathered home, difficulties had been overcome, God had upheld them'. The past year's work revealed that much had been done, advance had been made, and the churches were in a better state, all had settled pastors, Jesus had been glorified, and they could look back with some satisfaction Still, the results might have been better, for which many reasons existed, and greater success would be secured by men spiritual power possessed by Sunday school teachers and members, and great eternal rewards awaited them. He spoke of the ss natural method of giving a tenth to the Lord's service, which, if practised, would result in rich blessings; and he would take this opportunity of preaching to the ministers, who were influenced by the Holy Ghost. But we wanted more aggressive work undertaken, and he could speak confidently of their faithful ministry, but they should on every opportunity preach to the tribal ed, for the Gospel was to be preached to every creature. Much prayer conduced to much blessing, and be advocated holding prayer meetings before every service, and he suggested that local preachers should be sought out to take up services in outlying districts. Work that entailed sacrifice was always recompensed, and the Holy Ghost working in' unison would produce good results, and their future would be glorious, and in conclusion he made an earnest appeal to the unsaved. ' ' ' Pastor WOOD spoke of the pleasure he felt at being present'; as time was fleeting, he would not detain them. 'As young ministers they had able task before them, and they must expound their principles for their post they could * thank God and take courage, they were as a fruitful bough, and they intended spreading outward, Us the colony was their parish. ( as ,,'''' Pastor- BIUVKTK was thc'jnextspeaker, and, spoke, of the faithful work of missionaries abroad, who | zealously and fearlessly faced many dangers, ! and said their ex-president I had a splendid opening among the Chinese in Hobart. But. in Tasmania' there were crying Comisto be supplied, and their State teachers were debarred from' assisting them, and the present, regulations relating to these were a disgrace to their country, which, he hoped to would soon be remedied? ' S Their motto for, 1889 should be, Expect great things from! God, of and do great things for God. They were holding their ground as a church, bus General Roberts did In She poor, whom General Stewart de- livered. They should progress by evangelistic work by their pastors, distribution of Christian literature, by direct efforts, by qualified members, so that their work would expand.,, if ,, ' ' A liyinniiaving been sung, Pastor McCullough brought a successful and interesting meeting to a close by pronouncing the benediction, if I ?"' will' 