SERMON JET©. Weak Things Confounding Things which are Mighty. (Addbess Delivered at New Yobk by Me D. Ii. Moody.) j ' God hath chosen the foolish things of tho world to confound the wise ; and God hath chosen the weak things of tho world to confound tho things which arc mighty; and base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that arc : that no flesh should glory in His presence.' — i Cob. i. 27 —29. I want to call your attention to that 27th verse. There is just one sentence there I should like you to look at : ' Ood hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty.' Then in the 29th verso He tells us why He has chosen tho weak things—' tluit no flesh should glory in His presence.' Now, if we are to havo blessing upon the Word in this city,* wo must give God all the glory. I dread coming to a new place ; it takes almost a week or a fortnight to settle down to solid work. The people are thinking of the choir, and saying, ' What a large choir 1' and ' So many ministers !' ' Surely there is going to be a great work now ; there is such a large choir and congregation, and thero are so many ministers.' It is ' not by might, nor by power,' but by God's Spirit. We havo to get our eyes off all those things ; and thero will be no work and no blessing until this is done. Now, we have not come with any new Gospel ; it is the old Gospel, the old story ; and we want tho old w-wer. the t-ower of the Holy Ghost : and if it is anything loss than that, all will come to nought and be like a morning cloud — it will soon pass away. I can tell you, before the meet ings go on any further, who will be dis appointed, and who in after-years will sdy the meetings were a failure— every man and every woman who do not got quick ened themselves. If there is a minister here in New York who does not get quickened himself, ho will say the work has failed ; but I have never known a man who has been quickened, say the work has failed. Nowhere that we have been has it been the case. What we want is to get ourselves down ; and if there is to be a true revival, there must bo first a casting down of ourselves before there is a lifting up. It was only when Abraham was on his face in the dust Ire tore trod that ±io would talk to him. And it is then that God lifts us up and the blessing comes. Thero is no true revival until God's people are lilted up, until they are quickened. It will be superficial until then. It -will be a counterfeit. If you attempt to begin to work among the ungodly and unconverted before you are quickened yourself, God will not bless you. . As the psalmist says, when the Lord has restored to us the joy of His salvation, then shall we be able to teach transgressors tho way (Psalm li. 12, 13). But God can do no mighty work when vro are lukewarm or cold, and conformed to tho world, and have not the Holy Ghost resting upon us. Here and there we shall hear of one con verted, but the work will not be deep and thorough unless the Church of God is quickeried. Nothing that I have seen in America has rejoiced my heart so much as the work in Princeton. I think they have a / 6«ll IXJVlUWil/ .UUl'lU. liiC J.1GQ1UVUU Ul LUU College told me he had seen nothing liko it, and one of the professors remarked that ho did not think there had ever been anything like it in the history of Prince ton.f I enquired particulars, and found that they had sent for different ministers to come there and had been disappointed ; and then they gathered together — the Christians did — and prayed God to bless them ; then one of the Faculty asked them to pray for him ; and rieht there tho work broke out, and there have been about fiity quickened and brought back who had wandered from Christ, and it looks now as if all Princeton was going to be blessed. Oh that it may commence here to-night in our hearts — that wo may be quickened first ; and then how quickly tho Lord will bless us ! If you want to introduce two men to each other, you need to be near to them. If you want to introduce sinners to God. vou must bo near to God and to the sinner too ; and if a man is near God ho will feel love for the sinner, and his heart will be going out after such. But until wo are brought near to God our selves, we- cannot introduce men to God. Somebody has said — God uses the vessel that is nearest at hand. If wo are near to God He will use us ; and if we are not, of course Ho cannot. Now, what we want is to bo in a position which will give God all tho glory. There are some things that at ?times make me tremble for fear the work will all come to nought, be cause there is so much man-worship. Now, wo havo to get rid of this man worship .before there will be a deep work. Wo must sink self. If we can only get ' I ' down in tho dust, get outside of our dignity, get self out of the way, and say, ' Hero, Lord, use me if Thou canst ; ana, it not, use somebody else, or m tlio spirit of the wilderness preacher who said, ' I must decrease, but Ho must in croase,' then the Lord will take us up and uso us. Oh, lot mo bog of you to do anything you can to keop down this man worship. Let us look at tho Cross, with Christ full in view, and then we shall havo men coming into the kingdom of God. Now, wo will go back to tho text. It is the ' weak things ' that God wants to uso. Wo want tho great things, tho mighty things ; but God takes the foolish, things, tho despised things, tho things which are not. What for ? ' That no esh should glory in His presence.'* Now, what is that written for unless it is that wo shall learn the lesson that God. should have tho glory, and that wo aro not to take any of the glory to ourselves P ' That no flesh should glory in His presence !' The moment we are ready to take our places in the dust and give God His place, and let Him havo all the glory, then it is that the Spirit of God will work with us and for us. If we arc meetings and such crowds are coming, and begin thinking about tho crowds and about the people, and get ouv minds off from God, and are not constantly in com munion with Him, lifting up our heart's in prayer, this work will be a stupendous failure. You will find in all ages God has been trying to teach His children this lesson — that He uses the weak in stead of tho strong. ' That which is highly esteemed among men is abomination in the sight of God (Luke xvi. 15). When God was about to deluge the earth Ho wanted an ark built. What did He do — did He call an army ? No, He just called one man to build tho ark. In the sight of tho world it was a very trifling thing, and yet when the deluge came it was worth more than all the world. The weak things of the world that excite our scorn and contempt aro the very things that God uses. When God delivered Egypt Ho did not send an army. Wo should have sent an army or an orator. We should have sent some man who would have gone before the king, and laid the matter out before him in grand stylo ; but God did not do that. He sent this man Moses, who had been back there in the desert forty years, a man slow of speech — and God said to Moses, ' Moses, I want you to go down into Egypt, and bring my people out of bondage.' That is not our way. When tho king looked at Moses, he ordered him out of his presence ; Who is God, that I should obey Him ?' He found out who He was. God used the little fly, and the little frog. Tho world looks upon the fly and tho frog with scorn and contempt ; but the Egyptians found them to be a terrible army when sent forth to do God's bidding. Wo may be very weak in ourselves, but see what a mighty God we have. God likes to take the weak things to con found the mighty. He causes the worm Jacob to thresh the mountains (Isa. xli. 14, 15). The fact is, wo havo too much, of our own strength. Wo aro not weak enough. It is not our strength that we want. One drop of God's strength is worth more than all tlin world. There was that giant who, we are told, for forty days came out every morning and every evening. Down into that valley came the giant of Gath every morning and evening, and he terrified all tho army of Saul ; the whole army was trembling ; it was afraid. When David was weak in himself and strong in tho Lord, then they did not fear the giant. But you see Saul and his army Tiad taken their eyes ofE from God. When wo got our eyes off from God how mighty that giant looks ! There came a young stripling up from the country. He heard of this giant, and the young boy began to en quire, ' What does this mean ?' The Hebrew soldiers told him, and he wanted to go right out at once to meet the giant. The last man wo should havo chosen ; but God's ways are not our ways. God will have the glory, that is tho point. If it had been some great giant, then we should have given tho giant all tho glory. The young stripling requires no armor of Saul ; he just takes a few small, smooth, round stones out of tho brook, and puts them in his bag. He says to the giant : ' You have your sword ; but I have come in the name of my God.' Yes, he leant upon the strength of God. Now just look at that ! He is to place that little stone into that sling. God directs it, and the work is done. The giant of Gnth falls. David was the last one we should have chosen for the work, though he is chosen of God. (Concluded in our next issue.) 