THE NATURALIST. DEER STALKING ON THE DANUBE. From Tnc Pen of the late Crown Prince Rudolfh of Austria. It Is a cool, dark night towards tho end of the departing summer, and a small boat carries us swiftly across an arm of the Danube to one of the numerous wooded islands. Damp mists hang over tho water, and make us shiver. The tall grasses on the banks of tho river arc covered with heavy dew — which, , at this time of the year, overspreads vegetation — in copious abun dance. By slow degrees, in the far away cast, the first signs of the break of day become per ceptible ; faint streaks of light, gradually extending, illumine one-half of the firmament, whereas the other half, remains shrouded in dark, leaden hues. The hoot of the owl, the whistle of the curlew, the hoarse croak of the night fishing herou, tho whirr of many pinions, belonging to endless flights of wild ducks, returning from thoir feeding grounds in the fields and small brooks of the neighborhood, - interrupt the majestic rest of a beautiful Sep- tcmber dawn. Over sand drives and through orier beds, following one of the many little creeks, we are making our way towards a place where the large forest trees loom like a dark wall in the distance. Suddenly we hear a roar, a deep imposing and far reaching voice ; like an organ peal, sounds the bridal song of the many- tined stag ; a worthy rival answers lib chal lenge, and soon here aud there similar sounds are heard. By this time we have rcachod the bank of a small inlet, and stand on the outskirts of the lofty woods. Paddling sounds in tho water arc heard — they arc made by ottera fishing — and presently a flight of ducks settles down upon a pool not many yards from where wo stand ; only in shadowy outlines can wc distin guish their forms agaiustthc light pebbly bank. Ghost-like steps the heron not far from us, partaking of an early breakfast, whilst whist ling waterfowls enliven the air. Tho nearer the sunrise the morccompletcly the mist3of the Dan ube saturate our already wet clothes. It b getting a little lighter iu the cast, but not light enough to put tho rifle sights together, so we had better move on to be nearor the s .ot where we mar ex pect to find the deer before it becomes broad daylight. „ Short intervals excepted, the stags continue to call. "Walking stealthily on a high bank, crawling carefully through the clumps of alder and aspen, intermixed with soaking wet large leaved plants, nettles and rough grasses, we advance but slowly. On a sudden, and with much nobe, the wary ducks rise ; they have seen us, and so have the cautious herons; they all are on the wing, and their warning notes are heard overhead. "We halt; the sudden uproar Amongst the alarmed wildfowl has disturbed the deer, and the stags cease to challenge, but not for long. Presently a distant roar is heard, more follow, and, to our satisfaction, wo notice the deep bass voice of a mighty beast rend the still morning air not far from tlio spot where we are watching. With great care avoiding to step on tho dry twig3, which seriously interfere with our movements, we get through the alders. The stag's voice sounds near enough. Stooping down, we move round a clump of almost impenetrable underwood, and find ourselves presently kneeling on the brink of the steep bank of a creek. Wo can hear dcerwading through the shallow water, but thoy are hinds, when with startling sudden ness the big stag drives away a less rcsoluto in truder, and we can distinctly hear the crunching nobe mado by hb hoofs on the gravel. Looking across a small sheet of placid water and towards a white sand bank, bordered by an osier bed, wc discover hinds ; they are feeding on the sparse brushwood, and their leader moves in the direc tion of a sheltering' thicket. But whore is tho stag ? Presently we dimly sec a shapeless mass, and mighty antlers swaying backwards and for wards close at hand— hero lie is. He rolls himself in the cool wet clay of the river bank, and gathers fresh strength for a possible fray ; he then rises and leisurely follows the hinds. Unfortunately it is still too dark to risk a shot ; anxiously tho eye watches the progress of the oncoming day, whilst further and further off wander tho deer amongst the willows, and the already feebler call of the stag is only heard at longer intervals ; when, unexpectedly, on our left, a loud challenge is heard, and another pair of tall antlers appears above the underwood. It is tho rival who revengefully follows his enemy. The big stag viciously turn3, and with proudly raised head bellows out his challenge and makes for the intruder. No time to lo3C, carefully we rise rifle, as we can see the bead. In the mean time our stag has come to a full stop. Very grand he looks with his head in the air, the mighty antlers thrown backwards ; but for the lost timo his battle cry is heard. Tho sharp crack of the rifle breaks upon the stillness of the morn ing, and hb tremendous rush tells us that he b hit hard.. When the terrified hinds hear the shot thoy are off in an instant, and disappear behind tlio sheltering willows. Tho rival stag plunges madly into the foaming water, scrambles up the opposite bank, and thunders away through alder and' aspen coppice, towards the denser woods of the island. A bluish smoke floats over the water, but soon intermingles with the slight morning mists. Gloriously the sun rises in the east, behind the craggy heights of the lesser Carpathian Mountains, and floods the whole country side with a golden light .Far away across the Danube and over the basin in which Vienna lies, we can discern the long ridge of the "Wiencrwald, overtopped by the shining summit of the Schuceberg. A glance at the footprints of tho stag, and we find blood in the track ; tho bullet has done its workwell' Wo now hurry back to tho spot where the keener awaits us with tlio decrhound, for tho most laborious part of our stalk— tho following up and finding the wounded hart — has yet to be accomplished. An hour has passed away; the sun's powerful rays make themselves felt ; they have brought out tho gnats. These wretched bloodsuckers punish our hands and faces "with ever .increasing energy. Wo liavo returned to the spot where blood had first been found, and we put the hound on the trail. The keeper holds him by a long leash, nnd the stout hound trembles with excitement whibt he sniffs the dark red bloodstains, already fast drying up on tho broad leaved weeds. The small alder coppice is quickly passed, and amongst tho higher trcc3 where' the undergrowth is less dense our advance becomes comparatively easy. Tho tracks guide us to one of-tlic small lagoons of stagnant wator, covered with reeds and small whito flowers. "Wo wade up to our kuecs through tho water, and then mount the opposite hank. "Wo aro in a lonely and vciy picture&quo; spot ; blue dragon flies flit over tlio wator, and tne,branchcs of overhanging trees, hidden under a wealth of1 foliage, nearly touch it At this time of the year tho sward is still covered with bright green, grass, here aud there running to sece ; generations' of rank herbage aro decaying in mighty layers, damp vapors rise from the ground, and this accumulation of rotting vegetable matter renders the air close and fills it with unhealthy exhalations. Tho shallow watercourses have bccomo swampy and un wholesome undor the influence of the heats of summer. The blood tracks lead in the dircctiou of a thicket of tangled alders aud brambles, intermingled with tall grasses, rccds and stinging nettles. Creepers cover tho tree stems, and encircle our bodies, impeding our passage. More and more eagerly forward presses the hound — wc can hardly keep up with him and hold him ; with our hunting knives we have ever and anon to cut our way through the brushwood. A slim roebuck rises from his lair and bounds off ; large flights of wood pigeons rise noisily from the tree top3. Our hound raises his head aud takos the wind. Looking forward we sightthe reddish brown body of our stag. There i3 still life in him. "When ho becomes aware of our presence lie rise3 nnd rushes away, uprooting small trce3 in his wild fight, and, smashing tlio branches of others in all directions, he vanishes. "Wo now slip the hound, and a few moments of breathless suspense ensuo before we hear him give tongue. Let us hurry on as fast as circumstances will allow. With all our might we push our way through the brambles and reach a small clearing. In a pool, half hidden under bulrushes, sick, hardly able to support himself on his legs, hut lately so sinewy and powerful, the antlers wreathed with torn off creepers, the stag languidly wards off the attacks of the impatient hound. A crack of a rifle rings out, and the noble hart stumbles and falls to rise 110 more. The Danube stag is a fine beast, weighing some 5 cwt. ; the long and well Bhaped body, it3 mighty neck with the flowing mane, its short massive head and the arched nose, the curly hair between the roots of the antlers on his forehead, his tall dark horns, with shovel shaped crown ends and ivory-white tips, stamp him »3 what ho really is, the ornament and the pride of our forests, and not to be found in less favored localities, or in deer paries. — Vienna, Yagd Ziiiung. 