FINANCIAL DISTRICT MEETING. The financial district meeting commenced its sittings on Wednesday morning. In addition to the district minister there were present-Messr's. J. G. Baler, Jacob Crouch, Edward King, William Arnott, Jas. Louis, J. Emerton, J. Falkine, and S. S. Moore. It was unanimously recommended that an ad- ditional minister be stationed at Newcastle, and that the Myall Lakes district be made a Home Mission Station. It was reported to the meet- ing that a new parsonage had been erected at Hamilton at a cost of £1020, and a new church at Carrington at a cost of £6447. The enlargement of Wickham church cost £200. The following im- provements were reported:-East Maitland par- sonage, £830; Mount Pleasant church, £35; Morpeth parsonage, £37; Newcastle church and parsonage, £70 ; Burwood church, £85; Wickham new organ, £42 ; Wallsend parsonage, £20 ; Lambton church, £12 ; new organ, £25 ; Jones' Island church, £12. A brick parsonage to cost £1000 is on course of erection at Taree ; and a weatherboard schoolroom at Wickham at an esti- mated coat of £50. The following grants were recommended :-For circuit deficiencies : Wallsend, £45; Murrurundi, £96 12s 6d; Dungog and Stroud. £66. For parsonages : Hamilton, £250 ; Taree, £125. For churohes: Wickham, £50; Wareena, £15 ; Corinda, £15. For special objects : West Maitland, £20. The Rev. A. Parsons was elected district repre sentative to the stationing committee and con- ference. The Rev. W. Hill and Messrs. Arnott and Baker were appointed representatives to the distri- bution committee. After lengthened discussion on the question of church membership the following resolutions were carried:-1. That the Class Meeting be retained as the test of membership. 2. That wherever possible the meeting should be improved and made more attractive by more Bible readings, Christian song, and the prayerful consideration of those subjects which tend to Christian fellowship. 3. That in no case should a name be removed from a class-book without due investigation and the utmost care and patience being exercised. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. W. Hill for an excellent paper on "Our need of the Holy Spirit and the effects of His presence." [The text of this paper will be found below.] Perm'ssion was granted to lease land for church purposes at Glen Mitchell in the Wallsend circuit, to purchase land, aad to erect a brick church at Mayfield, Newcastle circuit, and to build a brick church at Kayuga, in the Muswellbrook ch?? Resolved to recommend the Conference to grant permission to sell or lease the old Church property at Greta; also to sell Church land at Mayfield, and old Church property at Murrurundi. The Rev. E. Lace read the Church property report, showing the value of Church property in the district to be upwards of £50,000. The Chairman urged the importance of all Church property being registered under the pro- visions of the New Church Act and Model Deed. LOAN FUND. The matter of arrears to the Loan Fund having received the careíul attention of the meeting, and the great importance of prompt payment of the quarterly instalments being shown to be necessary for the efflcient working of our Cburch enterprises, this financial district meeting would urge upon all trustees who have not kept faith with the treasurers of this fund to take speedy action for the fulfilment of their obligation. HOME MISSION AGENCY. The interim report of the General Secretary of the Sustentation and Extension Society having been considered, this meeting expresses its plea- sure at the establishment of the Home Mission Lay Agency, and its gratification at the hopeful commencement made. THEOLOGICAL INSTUTUTION. This meeting, having taken into consideration the great importance of our Theological Institu- tion, is of opinion that the Conference Law relating to its support sbould be strictly adhered to, and that greater efforts should be made to increase the collections and obtain subscriptions. STATISTICS. The general returns of membership having been read showing a slight increase for the year, a resolution was passed expressing gratitude to God for past success and pledging the meeting to more active and consecrated efforts to advance the cause of Christ, and extend the glory of God. The Rev. E. East read the Sunday School returns showing the Sunday School scholars in the district to be 3,184, and the teachers to be 368. THANKS. A vote of thanks to the chairman, Rev J. Gardiner, for the able, impartial and genial mrnner in which he had conducted the business of the meeting was carried unanimously. The Rev. A. Parsons, secretary, the Rev. G. O. Cocks, assistant secretary, Rev. R. East, Sunday school secretary, and the Rev. B. Lane, property secretary, were also thanked for their services. A very hearty of thanks was passed to the friends who so generously and hospitably entertained the members of the district meeting. After the signing of the minutes and devotional exercises the meeting closed. Address delivered by the Rev. William Hill, of East Mait'and, to the D-'strict Meet'ng of the Ma't'and District, assembled in the Wesle/an Church, West Maitland, which commenced its sessions on Tuesday, 15th inst. Our need of the Spirit and ejects of His presence. The u-gf at and pressing need of the Methodist churches ia our day ¡3 the descent of the Holy Ghost. Believing aa we do in His personality and deity, we long io see the magnificent displays of His power that we have heard of, read about, and occ-oionally seen. Not that He has left our world, o: ceased to enlighten and convert men. By no means. Ho is here with ub, and now and t'iei His roigh'y workings and powerful operations are fe't, and sometimes to an extraordi ia" y degree. But we.e He pre«ent with us ki a loved and p'zed gae-t, a3 we are privileged to have Him, than paoh oellevlig soul would indeed mort'fy the flesh cue'Ty the wo.ld, and exhibit the j'ru'ts of holioeas f o such a deg 'ee, as would convince sin ievs, aad ma.':e t'*e obi' 'chea as a who'e a power for good, i-nd their individual members as burning torches ban'chlug da.kness and diffusing light. Nothing but the incoming and the inc.wellin'j Foly S'i'rij of God can enable us to fulfil ou- li'gr mission a id become the l'ving fountain of sp:riilual blessiag amidst life's " diy dreary saad," tl'at our gloriouj Lord designs us to be. If the Holy Spirit is not with us, and performing in us, and by us, those l-'nd offices for which He was sent, th" -e mmt be a couse, and the sooner that is discovered the bett nv. Does carnal levity, or odious p -ide, or base penu liousne s, or a habit of insincerity, or a love for something hurtful, prevent His making our hear s His home ? Or does the negloot of duty and the commuting of sin, keep from us those tlmps of refreshing and showers of blessing that we long to tee? If as in Ep%ps. v, l8, we are e--ho'ted to " be not drunk wlih wine, wherein ii excess,'" o . riot, we are e,lso commanded to be filled wi'h the S;>i.lt, which means much moio than having s'mnly gleams of sunshine, and intervals of gla.1 xom, and then long-continupd coldness wi'h <'ae rigoa-s of s^irituul dei.jh. His filling the hea t g'v3 a divine enthusii'.sm and a holy excíteme it that bIiows ttielf iu al) t'ie ex" .eise-1 of worship, and in aM the entoi prise3 of godliness. One who had this deep expe- rience raid, "I bear with me en ez^er'ment-l veri'y, and a plenitude of the presence of the ever blosjed Tr' lity." His operations and prayer for His coming. The inner man the soul, and the outer one the body, the heart with ita passio is, and the life with i' s activities can never be divinely ctrong but in the streigMi of the " Blest Spirit from the Eternal Sire, and Son proceeding, promised, sent." The state of being " without spot or w.iafcle or any such th-'ng" (Ephes. v, 27) is attalaed by i-pce'vieg the Holy Ghost and co- operating w'th Him. A j "God anointed Jesus, of Nazareth with the HoV Ghost, and with power" (Acfci x, 38), and Iips encouraged us to ask for this great gift, we skou'd endeavour t-o walk in the fear of the Lord and in the comfo-t of the Holy Ghost, and plrad ea- ne^t'y with God for His Spirit, that we m^y becoaie sub- jects of His s-.nctii'ying power. He opens the eyes of the blind The beauty of Jesus lo view. He changes the bent of the mind The glory of God lo pursue. If we cease to pray or pray less than wouspd to, or losa the spirit of devotion, we shall become with'* 'ed branches that will have to be lopped off. When the sap from the tap root ro longer circulares through a branch, when it shrives up and loses rll its leaves, and is no longer useful nor ornament. 1, there is but one uae to which it can be applied. It Is fit for fuel only. May the Mighty Spiiit move the dull sluggards, quicken the sleepy p o fesBors, and stir the lu'.ewarn nrembe-s of our churches. If some who have le-'sure and oppor- tunity and abil'ty to work fo . the Master weie orly as willing as they are not willing ; If t"ley did with all i.heir might that which their hands Cr d to do ; i; eil who were our"* in our ola°ses had continued la them, and were found to-chy, zen'ously affected iowa'da every good thing, being foitificd with the inward armour of a good conscience, rnd with the outward panoply of righteousness, tho i fie m'".-1 e'inium would have been much nearer than it now seems to be. But we do not despair. God ii nilli ig to perform His promises; it is His prerogative to do this. He haï never recalled those p-co'.ous words, " Prove me now herew'th, i sith the Lord of Hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven and pour you out a blessing, that thore sha!1 not be room enough to receive it" (Mai. -'ii, 10). Be ii, ours then to comply with the conditions of the pro- mises, that we may experience their fulfilment. Haste, days of grace. His descent uyjn a Ohu.-ch and ils recuits. When a Church that has bann languishing and decaying shakes off its sloth and uses the appointrd means for securing the revival of God's work, when in answer to its believing prayers the Great Spirit and Author of all religious power come* in a glorious shower upon the people, so th'afe'hea-'Oi long refractory become willing in the day of His power, what a change comos over the scone and I how marvellous is the transformation ! Then that ime-honoured institution, the Sabbath morning prayer meeting, and eU the blest social nicanB of grace on week evenings ave repaired to with a new and unusual relish and alacity. Indeed they aro anticipated and prayed for, and appreciated as they never were be?ore in the days «f Laodicean ease and lukewarmners. 1 hen, and suddenly, the fjlarnoui' of skat>g rinks and athletic contests and o.' all merely animal and sentient gratifications is ei lipsed, and the resolution of the Spirit-influenced or ,s is-" We will go into the House of the Lor We will worship at His tbrone." It is quite astonishing how much more Christ's disciples will do and undertake and brave and accomplish when moved by the bles3ed Spirit t':an while joginjg along at the proverbially slow and sure or poor dyiuq; rate. Under His heavenly illumination and gracious control they become more auxiouB to obey the laws enacied by the Sup-'?nje Law Giver than eoalloim to the fes'.'ions of sooiety or the customs of men. If every Lloihodisl; wes only thus filled with the Holy Ghoot, the outlook of our Churches would indesd be as the Eastern portals when the bright Orb of day is about to shed b't refulgent ray3 upon our woild. They would shine bemuse their light hal come. It is the Holy Spirit alone who can give ua a know- ledge of things to come, and lead us into the enjoy rt3nt of our inalienable righi/3 and blood-bought privileges. _ We do not undervalue the knowledge thal the scholastic, collegiate, or university curri- culum may communicte, but the knowledge of God and the experimental enjoyment of His love can cr ly be acquired by the direct teaching of the Ho'y Ghost. Dry bones we all are till He clothe us with liv-.ng fleih and breathe into our souls a he:.venly life. In the selection o? Church officers in apostolical timm pious ca.e wai taken to choose men full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom as well as of good report (Acts vi, 3), which was one of the reasons of the g.a_,t tuccess of the labours of the early preachers. O what an age of golden days ! O what a choice peculiar race 1 Washed in 'lie Limb'« ill-cle «-sin* blood, Anointed Unga and piiestslo God. Hu Work and Bcï'gàl. His dweU'og in our henrts proer rea ?or us freedom f ,'oa bondago and deliverance f-om guilt, "for where the Spirit of the Led is there is liberty," 2 Cor., ii', 17." W'th the Holy Ciost sent down from Heaven the apostles had gior'oci liberty to preach the go3pe\ He gave them an energy and an unction a id a power which mrde their irresistible we-lness, as it was call' d, concuer their mighty foei. Not ' old collations served up by official hands in a perf jncto'-y manner were thci . sermons ; not d--Dd letten (bat there was noone to open or under- stand wer j thei . praye s. Their se-mons laid hold | of their bea"e-s' ve*y sou's, lrei-* prayers had such aim and object and errand that they fastened 01 the veij throne of Cod* aDd, bell? presented in mighty fuith a id supplemented by the powerful in tercessioiof cu Great Higa P-lcit, they bl ought down t 'Oop- of blessing. Many of the people t cal>d MethcÜ3l,s also were, m dayl that are past, mighty in t'r.e!r prayeis and moit powerful in their preue'iing. Do we p*a7 in the Holy Ghost and have such t'mes of ehre communion with God as they had? We do not oiten h-'r now of men m'^hty in faith and having uncommon power in prayer, though we have read of such. If all the ext- ao-dinary insl. nces of the value and power of prayer were extracted f-om the histories of our chuich in all the eouni, -ies in which it ha3 planted itielf, matter would be found for volumes of thrill- ing interest. Ca i anyt bin» be found in literature more like the Acts of the Apostles than the books containing the lives of the early Methodist preo ehers, both of the United Kingdom and America. \Vp 1 may we pray in the wo >ds of Solomon, 1 Kings, v'ii" 57 : " The Lord our Cod be with us as he was withourfathers; letHitn no leavjusnorforsako us," Had we a3 a people more o1 the spiut of devotion, more prayer wo ild be offe ed for the success of the preached word before go'ng to the house of God, and les haste would be showa to get away from the ccrv'ce. Too often, before the amen of the benedic ion is pronounced there 'a qu'te an un- becoming haste to rusli away. We-e all filled with the " holy flame ' of devotion and the " heavenly fire" of love, ii 'everence would be checked, and all good emotions deepened and intenilfied. We should then linge ? lovingly at the se 'vice», and worship the Lord in the '. beauty of hol'new." O.i Co-ope.-a'.'ng wUh the Spirit. We e Ho honoured ai He should be most pleasing results would follow, r id the '"'e of churches would be pure and noble anù Ch- ist-l'ke. It is His delight to d'aw man's attention fiom earthly to heavenly thiuc¡3, and to i istrncb tbe.n in ali metters of duty and privilege and re. poc;ibil'uv. Every aim and object aud a.p' ation they ever felt that was cal u J-cd to imp ove their C1 ilst'tn character and l'"e came fro n t 'le Good Sp' ii. Therefore we sing Im mo .al honou s. eidl ja irme, At "vî the Alml- hty Failier'sneme; The Sav ou. Soi be gloiifled. Who .or lo't man's reaempi'oQ died ; And equ»l a< oraron be, Eteint Com'o. J , to Thee. We should oftene . th A of on . 5 ldebtedness to God fie Holy Ghost, iud remembe ? how weak we ar? without His giîts to ou- race. As the warmth of new love and the strength of mature piety can only be uouñshed aud 'ne eas'd by much prayer and tod constant suipl'e- of the Holy Spirit, we should daily honou . . *m and seek to walk iu Him. If all our members h-d but the wilb'ng ear, the p-ompt ha id, the obed'ent heart, aid the ready . ojo-ueto vork for God as the Spirit would have them do, i1 as 'n ..lio language o' the beautiful byran raomenís and days, ha ids a id feet, voice and V e, silver and gold, Intc'lect aid every power, w'1' and heart and l"ey ou . love with its treasures, our&elve;:¡ and our a'l, were only fu'ly consecrated lo Him who d'ed fo ? a-, and "ose again, how changed woa'd be ou cond't'on. Peop e would say that " we had been wit'-" Je-us, and that we we>-e His d'sciples 'ndeed." John viU, 31. Wes'iould then be as illua'n'.ted and illustrated commentaries on His word and prove oíraelveí His *iv! Jg epistles. To be His disciples indeed mast nreai that we believe the doct ines eojoV tlie privileges, and understand the respon8ib'llties that the Chrit>t:an religion im- poses. 11 alBO includes bearing and suffering what eve- our Lord may_ appoint, aad it is distinguished by ..he crown'ng vi- "ue, constancy. It is this that is said to " scale the most arduous c'iffs of toilsome vi-tue." Not to ounelves, or in prrsuit of our own belfish inst-ncts, c fo~ the gratification of our ñaua v 1 pass'ons and appetites a -e we to live, but for the Lord's glory and to do His will. Thus heave a-born and heaven-bound discples prove the sincerity of their love and the Btiength of their Cb.'s.'an p iic'p'es. For the wait of this higher state of divine a' ' :nnient o . be' ig fi'led with the Spirit, we have p. '.alysis in our chu -ches, and but few labourers, ejmp-i-ed w'th what we should have for the har- vest field; In fact t! is paucity o* workers for the Lord's vineyard is qu'te distressing, and augurs br dly for "ulu.e success. The lambs and the sheep of Ch'ist's Vd in some p'aces aro suffering from famine for the wr.nt of -eae'ie's and shepherds. Wo have classes without lead«»T, scholars without I' che*"3, pongregatio "s without, preachers, and but few to visit the sick and pray wit » them, fewer in some cases than we uspd to have. We may not l'ke to acknowledge it, but < here ia undoubtedly decay i i nome departments of M ^thodism.. Spiritual m'n/loJnom Jmo r ni- ir.n~n-.aa nr fk. ...,*" Jfr a\,n^A Erch s» wading day does not witness to something attemptedaud done for Christ as it should. The iispired word of God ia not so prayerfully and d<îvouVy read, nor are iji sub"me truths so deeply pyaderccl as they shoa'd be. There is too much cofil distrust and stinc'-off shy less, if not an uawilling? e-is, to fra crni e and make common cause in'what should be ab'otherhood of Christian love and unity. Because of their low spiritual s'ate, some p.ofe'sors are tro accommodating in their conduct, and compromising ii their principles to the ca\nil m'-ided. Temporil ig with weak- lings, p.nd studying to please worldlings, has been, more thai onee, disr.it :ous to t'ie church ; conces s'ou having gone too far, spi.ltual power was llsked and loät. Instead of the churoh bringing up the world to the high ideal of Christ, we have eometimei seen the sad spectac'e of the world prll'.ng down the church to its base standard. Yet eccordiis to Revelation, the church should have snob a spiritual power as to cause men to fear befora it. To such a divinely exalted and influen- tial coidit'on fie Psalmist mu3t have referred when he sa!d, " Many shall see it and fear, and put their trust in the Lord." Thus for the ] grandeur of their principles, and the consistency of their lives, Christians are to be reverenced. But how far from this we seem to be ! Many fathers and mothers have grown-up children out of the fold, who have but little, if any inclination to come into it, perhaps, because in some cases'the parents have so little zeal/and make so few efforts to bring them to Chri.t. A mighty baptism from above would convert the doubting and faint-bearded and inactive into believing and courageous and one getic saints. Many are t » ne vous or timd to pray in their familia, or even read a rrpyer ; ana if they thought they would be called upon to pray in the prayer meeting, fiey would p obabiy stay away rather than face such a trial of their weak love and faltering strengt li. Worldliness. Arnon» prevalent and abiding evils must bo named taat of worldliness ; the covetousness whicl is idolatry and which has urged so maiv to mate sinful haste to be rich. A deadening e. Pet on the lives and enterprises of mary cb uren officials, nas thisg>-asping after earth's so-did treasures produced. Ruuning after the fiokle god of wealth lias de- stroyed the simplicity, humility, spirtua lty, and usefulness of a legion of p -ofessed disciples, who are be'cg consumed by the slow fires o-1 worldliness which if not speedily ex- iuguisbed will burn out a'l the tenderness and Christlv emotions of their regenerated natures and make them hard, churlish, selfi3h, and unsympar'aefo. Beiig " entangled unduly with the affairs of this li"e- 2 Tim u, 4-is not good for "fishers of mel," either in the miufciry »r out of it. The eminent Richard Watson said, " all secular affairs have a deadening tendency, constantly paining the mind and doing us injury."--Vol. 1,609. Manv good mon have re- gretted that in some unguarded moment they allowed themsolves to bscome unduly immersed m the things which are seen and temporal. The phan- toms of the stock exchange, aad. the " dire chimeras of enchanted isles," beguiled them as the serpent did Eve, and they became entangled, to their soul s inju-y in Bublunary matters. But if we are filled with the Sp;rit and have our whole being saturated with the pi! of grace, we shall not only be kept from falling, or from doing what might weaken our influence or injure our rel-'gious life, but we shall prove that we are Christ's disciples indeed. Then, too. we "shall know the truth, as we never knew it before, and the truth shall make us free."-John viii, 31\. Full salvation or frefdom from sin in its guilt and nower and pollution is undoubtedly the state we ehould a3piro after and the goodly Canaan we should go up and possess. The enjoyment of this would preserve ub from manv evils and secure for ns unspeakable blessings. The early Methodists by the sp'rituality of their minds and the purity of their lives made their presence felt and left their " footprints on the Bands of time." They speak though dead. If Methodism was a revival of primitive Christianity that which we want must be I a revival of Primitive Methodism. A few words on that crucial subject of the day-¿7ie Class Meeting. If the Sabbath School is the nursery of the Church in the sense of introducing members to it, which it undoubted'/ is, then the class meeting is pre- eminently a nursery for church officei s. lu it they learn to speak irtelligently of the things of God, and to address their prayers with audible voices and strong faith to the shrine of the Heavenly Grace. Indeed the most useful and able officials in Methodism in all lands have reason to ,be thankfu' that they had an ecclesiastical apprentice- ship in that now much undervalund and greatly neplpcted institution the class meeting. Give it up, say some as a test of membership, and let attendaace be entirely optional, and let the man who elects not to attend have every privi'--e of the attending member. This is what we are asked to do, aid the question is would it be good for all concerned, good for t'iose who ask it, good for the churches generally and would it be pleasing to the Good Spirit who has most oertaialy very often come to our class meetings to the grrat joy and unspeak- able delight of those who were present. We are asked to give up, or at any rate not make it a sine qua non for membership, an office that which has been good for millions, and is good for millions more, in order to meet the case of a few thousands, and the question comea back with a gravity and solem lity quite pprplering. Can it be done ? Should it be done ? Would it bo right to do it ? We are aware of the melancholy fact that many members including some who hold important offices bave almost ceased to meet in class, or that tney meet as seldom as possible in order to retain their membership, bnt this may be owing to their having got iito a winter state, but let them come up into the warm sunshine of God's love and reçoive the bap- tism of the Holy Ghost, and they will then return to that means of grace that has ever been so great a blessing tothe Methodist people. The outpouring of the Spirit would co.rect many wrong views, and induce many whose love has declined to take a fresh interest in all that ia good. Would it not be better to go in for rule keeping than for rule mending ? For one hundred and fifty yea s the cUva meeting baa been a well of consolation, a tower of Btreñgth, and a fountain of blessing. It cannot be said that it has been tried and found wanting. The apostolic Whitfield's labours were a rope of sand, as he him Belf admitted, when compared with John Wesley's, and the reason may have been that he did not make use of that binder and suetainer of Christian work, our class meeting. Dr. Orborn has íecent'y said "When our distinctively experimental witness to Christianity is gone, wh3t survives will be of small valub to us or to the world, and .when telling our experience is discouraged or superseded there will soon be but little to tell." < . . . 