VELVET AND RAGS. Br Robert P. W httworth. (By permission of the author). THE TRAGEDIAN'S STORY, No. IX. I dare say some of you remember Jack Biffin, poor dead and gone Jack, as decent a fellow as ever pulled on a pair of tights, but an awful fellow for chaff and practical joking, and his chief butt was a young chap named Charley Pridmore. Charley was a quiet, in offensive fellow, and Jack never let him rest. He was new at the business, and very green, and the yarns Jack used to stuff him with, and the mischief he used to net him into, was a caution to snakes. But one day Charley turned the tables ou him with a vengeance, and in a way that — but that's my story. Jack wasn't much of au actor, fairly good, but not much, but as he was a quick study _ and knew his biz. he was always put into responsible parts. At this time, somewhere about 60 I think it was, we were at the Old Vic. , in Sydney, and a jolly crowd we were, you bet. Old Joe Rayner was our leading man, Charley Burford heavy, Jack Biffin old man, Dick Stewart juvenile, myself walking gent. Frank Howson low com., Tom Bellair character, Tom, George, and Harry Leopold,, Johnny Mungall, Johnny Weigh, Hasker, Harry Field, Charley Pridmore, George Morton, Weston, Walker, Fisher, Maynard, and so on. And the ladies, Mrs. Guerin, Mrs. Winterbottom, Mrs. Jones, Mrs. Crosby, Fraulien Fannie, Bella Douglas, Ada Hart, and others, as fine a stock com pany as was ever seen in the colonies. And the work in those days was work, you bet. None of your six or eight weeks' runs of pieces. The Idiot Witness, The Dumb Maid of Genoa, The Char coal Burner, Astralagus, The Wood Demon, Susan Hopley," The Wren Boys, The Dumb Man of Man chester, The Denouncer, Black Eyed Susan, and all that sort of tiling, a drama and a farce every night, with an occasional turn at comedy or burlesque, or Shakespeare and the legitimate. Hard grafting my masters, you'd better believe. But we were a jolly lot for all that. Business was good, salaries were good, and what's more, the ghost walked regularly every Saturday, and so everything went on velvet. As I have said Charley Pridmore was green and innocent, and Jack Biffin's delight was to draw him out and stuff him with all kinds of ridiculous crammers. They were good friends for all that, for Charley bore no malice, and Jack who was really fond of him, was a good fellow at heart. I rather fancy though that for all Charley was so frequently sold, he had a sus picion that Jack was roasting him, which may account for what follows. One day Charley ' came to rehearsal looking pro foundly melancholy and preoccupied, so much . so, that everybody noticed it, and Jack of course froze on to him. ' What's the matter Charley, are you going in for the undertakers' mute business ? It'll suit you to a T, better than acting my boy. Or has some fair one jilted you and gone off witli — ' A soldier or a sailor, or a tinker or a tailor, Or a captain of artilleree ' Said and sang J act;. ' 'Don't chaff, there's a good fellow, Jack,' replied Charley with a plaintive sigh, ' I feel intensely miser able. ' ' You look it my boy, as cheerful as an owl in an ivy bush. But cheer up for Chatham. Never mind the fair false one who has played haggard. Aye, though her jesses were thy very heart strings, whistle her down the wind,' old fellow. ' Don't Jack, don't, I can't endure it this morning. I can't indeed,' was the piteous response. ' Well Charley old chap I won't, I'm sorry if I've stud anything to hurt your feelings. I didn't mean it you know, but what is the matter ?' ' Oh nothing, that is— no nothing — only — ' ' Only what ?' ' Only I — but |no, you'll oiily laugh at me if I tell you.' ' 'Pon my honor I won't, if it's anything serious.' 4 ' Serious ! a — ah, if you only knew.' Jack looked alarmed, ' If I only knew what. Tell me what it is ?' ' Do you believe in dreams Jack ?' . ' Do I what ?' ' Do you believe in dreams ?' ' Certainly not, why ?' ' I've had a dream, oh ! such a dream, last night I dreamt — but no, it's too terrible.' ' Oh stuff and nonsense man, what's too terrible ?' 'A dream I had, and I cannot shake it off, I cannot forget it, it haunts me. ' Hallo boys.' said Jack, 'here's Charley Pridmore going in for the Clarence business. He's dreamt a dream, and he's going to relate it. Fire away old . cock. Did you dream you were going to be married ?' ' Worse, infinitely worse.' ' It can hardly be worse, I should say. But what did you dream old son ?' 'Jack,' he replied slowly and solemnly, 'I dreamt that I was dead. ' 'Dead?' ' Dead. And I dreamt Jack that you were dead too. ' 'Oh coine, I say, none of that you know. You're enough to give a fellow the horrors.' By this time, as Rayne'r was busy arranging the scene plot with Burbury and Andy Wallace, we had all gathered round to listen.' 'Ah Jack,' Charley '.went ou lugubriously. 'It's true I dreamt that you were dead, that I was dead, and that there we lay two corpses, stiff, stark, cold corpses, gazing stonily — ' . ' Oh come I say, stow that, you know.' 'Yes, dead, dead, both of us. You had died first, a few minutes before me, and — ' 'But we ain't dead, and so that's all bosh,' said Jack, trying to raise a laugh, but failing ignominiotisly. 'I dreamt that we were dead, "and were going to heaven — ' ' Oh ! hang it all, that's better, still a little of this goes a long way you know, so stow it. ' ' Yes," we were going to heaven, along a beautiful road bordered by a crystal stream, fringed with flowers, oh ! so inexpressibly lovely As I said, you had died a few minutes before me, and so you were -about a quarter of a mile ahead, ' ' Very kind of you to give me the preference, I'm . sure.' ' At last I saw you reach the gate of heaven, you knocked, and St. Peter came out, some conversation passed between you and him, and you passed in, and the gate closed. ' 'Ah, well, that's one comfort,' said Jack with a sigh of relief. ' Then I went up to the glorious golden portal and knocked timidlj7. St. Peter came out, a beautiful old man with lucent eyes and a silky snow white beard.' ' Well,' he said, ' young man, what may your busi ness be ? ' ' I wish to come in, please,' I replied humbly.' ' What's your name ? ' lie asked. ' Charles Pridmore, ' I said. ' What business or profession ? ' ' An actor, ' I replied. 'An actor!' lie said, staring at me, ' An actor? Why man, you've come to the wrong place. We don't admit actors in here.' ' But, excus ; me, Sir,' I pleaded, .' I saw Jack Biffin go in not five minutes since.' He looked at me, and with a whistle of astonish ment slowly replied, ' Jack Biffin ! Good gracious me ! Why you surely don't call that beggar an actor, do you?' The roar of laughter and the helplessly astounded look of Jack at this unexpected denouement, this crushing sell, amply proved, that Charley's revenge was perfect. 