TUB DAY WILL COME. EI M. E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audlp.x's Secret,'' "Vixen," "Ishmael," "Like and Unlike," "The Fatal Three," &o.;, ha. Chapter II. " And warm and light I folt hor clasping hand Whon twined in mino ; she followed whore I wont." Thoro is n touch of childishness iu all honey moon couples, a somothing which suggests the Balies in tho "Wood, left to play together by tho Arch Deceiver, Fate ; wandering hand in hand in tho morning sunshino, gathering flowers, ploased with tho mossy banks and leafy glades, beforo evor hunger or cold or fear camo upon them, beforo tho shadow of night and doath stole darkly on her path. Even God frey Carmicliael, a sensible, highly educated young man, whose prido it was to march in tho van of progress and enlightenment, evon ho had that touch of childishness which is adorablo in a lover, and which lasts, oh, so short a timo — oven as the bloom on tho pcaoli, the down on the butterfly's wing, tho morning dew on a rose. He had loved her all his life, as it seemed to him. They had been companions, friends, lovers, for longor than either could remembor, so gradual had been tho growth of love. Yot tho privilego of belonging to each other was nono tho less sweet bocauso of this old familiarity. " Aro we really married — roally husband and wife — Godfrey?" asked Juanita, nestling to his side as they stood together in tho wido verandah whero they broakfasted, on these peerless July mornings, among rosos and clomatis. "HuBband and wife — suoh prosaic words. I heard you speak of me to the Vicar yestorday as ' my wife.' It gave mo quite a shook." ""Woro you sorry to think it was truo?" " Sorry — no ! But wife.' Tho word lias suoh a matter-of-fact sound. It means a person who writes ohoque3 for tlio house accounts, revises the bill of fare and takes all the blamo when tho servants do wrong." " Shall I call you my idol, then, my goddess — the enchantress whoso magic wand wafts glad ness and sunshino over my oxistonco?" "No, call me wife. It is a good word, after all, Godfrey — a good ' serviceable word, a word that will stand wear and tear. It means for ovor." They breakfasted tcte- d-tile in tlioir bower of roses ; thoy wandorcd about the Chaso or sat in tho garden all day long. Thoy led an idlo do- sultory life liko littlo children, and wondered that ovoning came so soon, and stayed up late into tho summer night, steeping themselves in tho glory of that world of starshine and silence which scorned new to them in their mutual de light. There wa£ a lovely viow from that broad ter race, with its Italian balustrade and statues, its triple flight of marble steps descending to an Italian garden, which had been laid out in the Augustan age of Pope and Addison, when the distinctive feature of a great man's garden was statclincBS. Here was tho lovors' favorite loitering place when tho night grew late, Juanita looking like Juliet in her loose white silk tea gown, with its Venetian amplitude of sleeve and its mediaeval gold em broidery. The fashionablo drossmaker who mado that gown had known how to adapt her art to Miss CUeriton's beauty. The long straight folds aocontuatcd overy porfeet fine of tho finely moulded flgure, fuller than the average girlish figure, jjuggestive of Juno rathor than Psyche. Sho was 2 inches taller than the avorage girl, and looked almost as tall as her lover as sho stood beside him in the moonlight, gazing dreamily at tho landscape. This hushed and solemn hour on tho vergo of midnight was thoir favorite time. Then only were they really alone, secure in the knowledgo that all tho household was sleopiug, and that they had their world verily to themselves, and might bo as foolish as they likod. Onco at sight of a shooting star Juanita flung horsclf upon her lover's broast and sobbed aloud. It was some minutes before ho could soothe her. " My love, my lovo, what doos it mean?" he asked, mystified by hor agitation. " I saw tho star, and I prayed that we might never be parted ; and then it flashed upon mo that wo might, and I could not boar the thought," sho sobbed, dinging to him like ft frightened child. "My dear one, what should part us, except death r "Ah, Godfrey, death is everywhere. How could a good God make his creatures so fond of each other and yet part them'so cruelly as ho does sometimes ?" " Only to unite them again in another world, Nita. I feel as if our two fives must go on in an endless ohain, circling among thoso stars yonder, whioh could not have boon made to go for evor unpeopled. Thoro are happy lovers there at this instant, I am convinced — lovers who have lived beforo us here, aud have boon trans lated to a higher life yonder ; lovers who have tasted tho pangs of parting, the ecstasy of reunion. _ He glanced vaguely towards that starry heaven, whilo he fondly smoothed the dark hair upon J uanita's brow, whieh looked like statuary marble in the moonlight. It was not easy to win her baok to cheerfulness. That dreadful vision of possible grief had too completely possessed her. Godfrey was fain to be Berious, finding her spirits bo shaken; so they talked together gravely of that unknown heroaftor which philosophy and religion may map out with mathematical distinctness, but which re mains to the individual soul for over myste rious and awiul. .. Her husband found it wiser to talk of solemn things, finding her so sod, aud she took aomfort from that serious conversation. "Lot us lead good fives, dear, and hope for the best in other worlds," ho said. "There is sound sense in the Buddhist theory, that we aro tho makers of our own spiritual destiny, and that a man xnay be in advance of his fellow men, even in getting to Heaven." The next day was tho first the lovers devoted to practical tilings. They started direotly after breakfast for a Utc-Ci-tUe drive to the Priory, where certain alterations and improvomonts were contemplated in the rooms which were to be Juanita's. Godfrey's widowed mother, Lady Jane Carmichaol, had transferred herself and hor belongings to a villa at Swanago, whero she was devoting horself to the oroation of a garden, which was on a small scale to repeat tho beauties of her fiat old-fashioned flower garden at tho Abboy. It irked hor Bomowhat to think how long tho hedges of yow and holly would tako to grow, but there was a certain pleasure in creation. Sho was a mild, loving creature, with an aristocratic profile, silvery gray liair, and a small fragile figuro ; a woman who looked a patrician to her finger tips, and whom ovorybody iinnoscd unon. Hor blue blood had not endowed hor with the powor to rule. She adored her sou, was very fond of J uanita and resigned hor place in hor old homo without a sigh. "Tho Priory was a great deal too big for me," sho told her particular friends. " I used to feel horridly dismal thero when Godfrey was at Oxford, aud afterwards ; for of course ho was often away. It was only in the shooting soason that tho houso looked cheerful. I hope they will soon have a family, and then that will enliven the plaoe a Kttle." , A 7 mile drive in tho fresh morning air along the level road botwocn Corfo and Warcham, a region of the marsh and watery meadow, whero the cattle gave oharm and variety to a landscapo whieh would have been barren and monotonous without them, a placo of winding streams, on whioh the summer sunlight was shining. ' Tho Priory was by no moans so fino a placo as Ohoriton, hut it was old, aud not without in terest, and Lady Jane was justified in tho assortion that it was too largo for hor. It would bo too small perhaps for Sir Godfroy and his wife in tho days to ooine, when in tho natural courso of events James Dalbrook would be nt rest after his fifo labor, and Cheriton would bolong to Juanita. " No doubt thoy will like Oheriton better than the Priory when wo are all dead and gone," said Lady Jane, with her plaintive ate. "I only hopo thoy will havo a family." This idea of a family was almost a crazo with Lady Jauo Carmiohael. Sho had idolised lior only son, had been misornblo at every parting, and it had seemed a hard thing to her that thero was not moro of him, as she had herself expressed it. "Godfrey has been tho dearest boy, I only wish I had six of him, " sho would say piteously ; and now her mind projeoted itself into tho future, and she piotured a bevy of grandchil- dren—numerous as a covsy of partridges In the upland fields of the homo farm at Cheriton— and fancied hcrsolf lavishing her hoarded trea sures of lovo npon thom. Sho had grandchil dren already, and to sparo, the offspring of a married daughter, but these were not Car- michacl's, and, though they were very dear to her maternal heart, they woro not what God frey's children would bo to her. Slio would be gone, sho told herself, beforo they would ho old enough to forsako her. Site would be gone before thoso young birds grow too strong upon tho wing. A blessed spell of golden years lay before her ; a nursery, and thon a schoolroom ; and then perlmp3 before tlio last dim closing sccno a bridal, a grand daughter clinging to her iu tho sweet sadness of leave-taking, a fair young face crowned with orango flowers pressed against her own in the brido's happy kiss — and then sho would say Nuno dimiltis, and feel that hor cupof gladness had been fillod to tho brim. Tho lovers' talk was all of that shadowy future, as tho pair of greys bowled gaily along tho level road. Tho horses wero Godfrey's favorito pair, and belonged to a team of ehestnuts and greys which had won him somo distinction last season in Hyde Park, when tho coaohes mot at tho corner by tho Magazine, and when tlio handsome Miss Dalbrook, Lord .Chcriton's heiress, was the cynosure of many eyos. Tho thoughts of Sir Godfrey and his wife wore fur from Hyde Part and the Four-iu-Hand Club this morning. Their minds wero filled with simple rural anticipa tions, and liad almost a patriarchal turn, as of an Arcadian pair whoso wealth was all in flocks and herds and greon pastures liko thes8 by which they woro driving. Tho Priory stood on low ground between AVareham and IVimbourne, sheltered from tha north hy a hold ridgo of heath, screened on tho east by a littlo wood of oaks and chestnuts, Spanish clicstuuts, with graceful drooping branches, wlioso glossy leaves contrasted with the closer foliage of rugged old oaks. Tho house was built of Purbeck stone, and its bluish groy was touohod with shades of gold aud silvery green whero the lichens and mosses crept over it, whilo ono long southern wall was clothed with trumpet asli and magnolia, inyrtlo and rose, as with a closely interwoven curtain of groenery, from which tlio small latticed windows flashed back tho simshinc. Nothing at tho priory was so stately as its counterpart at Cheriton. There were marble balustrades and rural gods thero on tho tcrraco ; hero thero was only a broad gravel walk along tho southern front, with a littlo old shabby stono tomplo at each end. At Choritou tlirco flights of marblo stops led from the terrace to tha Italian garden, and then again tlireo mora flights lod to a garden on a lower lovol, and so by studied gradations to tho bottom of tho Blope on which tho mansion was built. Hero houso and gardon wero on tho samo lovol, aud thoso gardens which Lady Jauo had so loved and cherished wero distinguished only by au ele gant simplicity Between thognrdou and a park of leas than fifty acres thero was only n sunk fence, aud the solo glory of that modest domain lay in a hord of choice Chaunol Island cows, whioh had been Lady Jane's pride. She had resigned them to J uanita without a sigh, although each particular beast liad been to her as a friend. " My dear, what could I do with cows in a villa ? " sho said, when Juanita suggested that she should at least keep hor favorites, Beauty and Maydew and Coquette. "Of course, as you say, I could rent a oouple paildooks; but I Bliould not like to seo tho herd divided. Besides, you will want thom all by and by, whon yon havo a family." Nita stepped lightly across the threshold of hor futuro homo. Tho old grey poroh was em bedded in roses and trailing passion flowers. Everything had, a shabby, old world look com pared with Oheriton, which James Dalbrook had improved out of all antique character. Horo thero had been no improvement for ovez a century ; all things had boon quiescent as in tha PaTaco of the Sleeping Beauty. " What a dear old houso it is, Godfrey, and how everything in it speaks to mo of your ancestors — your own ancestors — not another people's ! That makes all tho differonce. At Ghoriton I feel always us if I wero surrounded by malevolont ghosts. I oan't see them, but I know they nro there, l'hosa poor Stxangways, how thoy must hato me." " If thero are any living Strangways knooking about the world houseless, or at any rate land less, I don't suppose they feel ovor kindly dis posed to you," said Godfroy ; "but the ghosts have dono with human habitations. It cau matter very littlo to them who five in tho rooms whero thoy were onco happy or miserable, as the caso may ho. Has your father ever heard anything of tho old family ?" "Never. Ho says there aro no Strangways loft on this hemisphere. Thero may be a rem nant of tho raco in Australia, ho says, for ho heard of a cousin of Reginald Strangway's who went out to Brisbane years ago to " work with a sheep farmer on tho Darling Downs. Thero is no one else of the old race and the old namo that he can tell mo about. I tako a morbid interost in the subject, you know. If I wero to meet a very evil looking tramp in the woods and ho wero to threaten me, I should sus pect him of being a Strangway. Thoy all roust hate us." "With a very unreasonable hatred, then, Nita, for it was no fault of your father's Dine tho family went to the bad. I havo heard my father talk of the Strangways many a time over his wine. They hod been a reckless, improvident raoo for evor so many genera tions, men who lived only for the pleasure of the hour, whoso motto was Cwrpe diem in the worst souse of tho words. There was a Strimgway who was tho fashion for a short timo duriug tho Regency, wore a hat of his own invention, and got himself entangled with a popular aotress, who sued him for breaoh of promise. He dipped tho property, Thero was a racing Strangway who kept a stable at Newmarket, and married — well — novor ","4 how. lie dipped the property. Thera was Georgiana Strangway, an heiress a famous beauty, in tho Sailor King's reign. Two of tho Royal Dukes wanted to marry hor ; but sho ran away with a band master in tlio Blues. Sho usod to ride in Hyde Park at 9 o'clock ovory morning in a. green cloth spencer trimmed with sablo, at a timo when very few women rode in London. Saw tha bandmaster, fell over head and ears in love with him and bolted. They wore married at Gretna. He spent as much of her fortune as he could get at, and was reported to havo thrashed her beforo tliey parted. She set up a boarding house at Ostend, gambled, drank cheap brandy and died at 45." " What a dreadful ghost she would be to meet," said Nita, with a shudder. " From first to last thoy have been a bad lot," concluded Sir Godfrey, "and the Isle of Par- beck was. a prodigious gainer when your father became master of Cheriton Chaso and Baron Cheriton of Cheriton." " That is what they must feel worst of all," said Nita, Bpeakiug of the dead and tho living as if thoy woro ono group of banished shades. "It must be hard for thom to think that a stranger takes his titlo from tho land that was once theirs, from the houso in which they were horn. Poor ill-behaved things, I oan't help being sorry for them." " My fanciful Nita, they do not deserve your pity. They mado their own lives, love. They have only suffered tho result of their own Karma." " I only hopo they will be hotter off in their next incarnations, and that they won't got to that dreadful eighth world which leads nowhere." Sho made this light allusion to a creed which sho and her lover had discussed seriously many a timo in their graver moods. Tliey had read Mr. Sinnett's books together, and had given thomsolves up in somewise to the fascinating theories of esoteric Buddhism, and had been Btruuk with tho ourious parallel between that semi-fabulous Reformer of thu East and tho Teacher and Redeemer in whom they both boliovcd. Tliey went about tho houso togethor, Nita admiring everything, as if sho woro seeing thoso old rooms for tlio first timo. The altera tions to bo made wore of tho smullest. Nita would allow scarcely any change. " "Whatever was nice enough for Lady Jane must bo moro than good enough for me," sho said deoisively, when Godfrey proposed im provements which" would liavo changed tho character of his mother's morning room ; a con servatory, a largo bay window at the ond, for instance. "But it iB suoh a Bhabby holo compared with your room at Cheriton." "It is a dear old hole, sir, and I won't have Haltered in the smallest detail. I adore thost old, deep Bet windows and wide window seats ; and this apple blossom chintz in simply delicious. Faded, sir! Wlmt of that? One can't buy such patterns now-a- days for love or money. Aiid. that old Chinese screen must have licloiigod to a mandarin of the highest rank. Sly only feeling will bo that I am n wretch in appropriating dear Lady Jane's sur roundings. 'I'll is room fitted her lilro a glove." " She is charmed to nurrendor it to you, lovo ; and your forbcaranoo in tho mattor of improve ment will deligbt her." "Your improvements would havo been de struction. A conservatory opening out of that window would suggest a city man's drawing- room at Tulsa Hill. I have seen suck in my ahildhood when mother used to visit odd people on tiro Surroy side of tho river." "Loveliest iiisolenco." " Oh, I am obliged to cultivate insolence. It is a parvenue's only dofensivo weapon. AVo now made pooplo always givo ourselves mora airs than you who wero born in tho purplo." Slio roamed from room to room, expatiating upon everything with a childlike pleasure, de lighted at the idea of this her now kingdom, over which sho was to reign with undivided sovereignty. Clioriton was over so muoh grander ; but at Ohcriton sho had only been the daughter of tho honso, indulged in ovcry fanoy ; yet in somowise in a state of subjection. Here sho was to bo solo mistress, with Godfrey for hor obedient slave. "And now show mo your rooms, sir," Bho sxclaimed, with pretty authority. "I may wish to maka some improvements there." " You shall work your will with them, dearest, as you have done with their mastor." Ho led her to his study and general don, a 3no old room looking into the stable yard, capacious, but gloomy. "This is dreadful," she oried, "no view, and ever so fur from me 1 You must have the room noxt the morning room, so that we ean run in to each other, and talk at any moment." " That is one of tho beBt bedroomB." " AYhat of that 1 AVo can do without super fluous bedrooms ; but I cannot do without you. This room of yours will make a visitor's bed room. If he or she doesn't like it, he or she can go away and lcavo us to ourselves, whioh we Bhall like over so much bettor, shan't we ? " Bhe asked caressingly, as if life were going to be ono long honeymoon. Of course ho assented, kissed the red frank lips and assured her that for him bliss meant a perpetual duet. Yes, his study should bo next her boudoir; so that even in his busiest hours he should be able to turn to hor for gladnoss — re freshing himself with her smiles after a trouble- Bomo interview with his bailiff — taking counsel with her about every chongo in his Btable, iharhig lier interest in every new book. "I will givo orders about tho change at once," no said, "so that everything may be ready for (is when you aro tired of Clioriton." They lunched gaily in the garden.' Nita hated eating indoors when tho weather was good enough for an al fresco meal. They lunched under a Spanish chestnut, that mado a tent of foliage on tho lawn in front of tho terrace. They lingored over the meal, full of talk, finding a new world of conversation sug gested by their surroundings ; and then tho greys were brought round to tho hall door, and they started on the return journey. It began to rain before they reaohod Oheriton, and tho afternoon oloudod over with a look of premature wintor. No saunteringa on the ter race this evening; no midnight meandorings among tho cypresses and yews, the gleaming statues and dense green walls ; as if they had been Romoo and Juliet, wedded and happy, in the garden at Verona. For the first time sinco tho beginning of their honeymoon they wore obligod to stay indoors. "It is positively chilly," exolaimcd Juanita, as lier maid carried off her damp mantle. " My dearest love, I'm afraid you've caught cold," said Godfrey, with absolute alarm. " Do I over catoh oold, Godfrey ?" she cried, scornfully; and indeed her splendid physique seemed to negative the idea as sho stood before him, tall and buoyant, with the carnation of health upon chock and lips, her eyes sparkling, her head oreot. "AYcll, no, my Juno, I believe you aro as free from all such weakness as human nature ran he ; but I shall order ares all tho same, and I implore you to put on a warm gown." "I will," sho answered gaily. "You shall see me in my copper plush." " Thanks, love. That is a vision to live for." " Shall wo have tea in my dressing room— or in yours 2" "In mine. I think wo havo taken tea in almost every other room in the house, as woll as in every corner of tho gordon." It had been one of her girlish capriees to devise new places for their afternoon tea. "Whether it had been as keen a delight to tho footmen to carry Japanese tables and bamboo chairs from pillar to post was opon to question ; but J uanita loved to colonise, as she called it. " I feel that wherever we ostablish our teapot wc invest the spot with tho snnotity of home," Bho said. Fires were ordered, and tea in Sir Godfrey's drC3singroom. It was Lord Dalbrook'sdrossingroom actually, and altogether a sacred chamber. It had been one of tho best bedrooms in tho days of tho Straugwoys; but his Lordship liked Bpace, and had uhoscn this room for his own particular don — a fine old room, with full length portraits of tho Sir Joshua period lot iuto the panelling. Tho furniture was of the plainest, and very different from tho luxu rious appointments of tho other rooms, for these very chairs and . tables, and yonder substantial mahogany desk, had done duty in James Dalbrook'u chambers in tho Temple 30 years before. So had tho heavy looking clock on tho chimney piece, sur mounted by a bronze Saturn leaning upon his soythe. So had tho bras3 candlesticks the red morocco blotter and tho silver inkstand on the desk. He had fallen asleiqi in that capacious arm oliair many a time iu tho small hours, after struggling with tho intricacies of a railway bill or poring over a volume of precedents. Tho thick Persian carpet, the velvet window curtains, panelled walls andilnoold fireplace gave a look of Bnbduod splendor to the room in spite of tho dark and heavy furniture. Tliore was a largo vase of roses on the desk, where Lord Ohcriton never tolerated a flower ; and there wore more roses on the chimney piece, and some smart bamboo chairs, many colored like J osoph's coat, had boon brought from Nita's morning room — and so, with logs blazing on the floriated iron dogs, and a scarlet tea table set out With blue and gold china and a Moorish copper kettlo, the room bad oa gay au aspect as anyone eould desire. Juanita had changed her gown by the time the tea table was ready, and oamo in from her room next door, a radiant figure in a gleaming copper colored gown, flowing loose from throat to foot, and with no adornment exoept a broad collar and cuffs of old Venice -point. Her brilliant complexion and southern eyes and ebon hair triumphed over the vivid huo of the gown, and it was at her Sir Godfrey looked as 6he oamo beaming towards lain, end not at tho dress maker's achievement. f " How do you like it?" she asked, with child like pleasure in her fine raiment. " I ought to have kept it till Ootober, but I couldn't resist putting it on, just to see what you think of it I hope you won't say it's gaudy." " My dearest, you might bo clad in a russet oloud for anything I should know to the con trary. A quarter of a century hence, when you are beginning to fanoy yourself pastie, we will talk about gowns. It will bo of some canso- quence then how you dress. It oan bo none now." " That is juBt a man's ignorance, Godfrey," sho said, shaking her finger at him, as sho seated herself in ono of the bamboo ohaira be fore the toa tabic, a dazzling figure, in the re flection of tho hinting logs, whioh danced about her oyes and her hair and copper colored ' gown ' iu a bewildering manner. " You think mo handsome, I suppose." "Eminently so." " Aud yon think I should bo just as handsome if I dressed anyhow — in a badly-fitting Tussore, for instance, mado last year and cleaned this year, and with a hat of my own trimming, eh, Godfrey ?" "Every bit as handsome." "That shows what an ignoramus a University education can lcavo a man. My dearest boy, half my good looks depend upon my dress maker. Not for worlds would I havo you seo me a dowdy, if only for one half hour. The disillusion might lost a lifetimo. I dress to please you, remembor, sir. It was of you I , thought when X was choosing njr trpmwii. X want to he lovely in your eyes, always, always, always." " You need make no effort to attain your wish. Yon havo put so strong a spell upon mc that with me at least you are independent of tho dress maker's art. "Again I say you don't know, what you are talking about. But, frankly now, do you think it too gaudy '! " "That coppory background to my Murillo Madonna. No, lovo, the color suits you to per fection?" Sho poured out tho tea, and then sank back in lier comfortablo chair, in a reverie, languid after hor explorations nt tho Priory, full of tho dreamlike happiness as she basked in tho glow of tho fire, welcome as a novel indulgoUbo ; at this timo of the year. " There is nothing more dolightful than a fire in July," she said. Her eyes wandered about tho room idly. "Do yon call them handsome?" she asked presently. Godfrey looked puzzled. AVris sho still harping . ou the dress question, or was sho challenging his admiration for thoso glorious eyes which he had been watching in their rovinga for a lazy five minutes, "I mean tho Strangways. That is tlioir famous beauty — tho girl in tho scanty white satin pottioont, with the goat. Imagine anyono walking about a wood with a goat, in white satin. AVhat queer ideas portrait painters must have had in those days. Sho is vory lovely' though, isn't sho?" " She 1b not my ideal. I don't admire that narrow Oupid's-bow mouth, tho lips phiohed up as if they wore pronouncing ' prunes and prism.' Tho oyes are largo and hnndsomo, but too round, the complexion wax (lollixh. No, she is not my idoal." "I should havo been miserablo.if you had admired her." "There is a face in the hall whioh I liko ever so much better, and yet I doubt if it is a good face." "AVhich is that?" " The fooe of the girl in that group of John Strangway's threo children." "That girl with tho towslod hair and bright blue oyoB. Yes, she must have been handsome — but she looks — I hope you won't bo shooked, but I really can't help saying it — that girl looks a devil." " Poor soul t Her temper did not do muoh good for hor. I beliovo sho came to a melan choly end." "How was that?" " She eloped from a school in Switzerland with an officer in a lino regiment, a love match, but she wont wrong a few years afterwards, loft her husband, and died in poverty, at. Eoulogno, I believe." "Another ghost," exclaimed Juanita, dolo- fully. "Poor, lost soul, slio must walk. I ean't help feeling sorry for her — rfarriod to a man who was unkind to hor, perhaps, and whom sho discovered unworthy of hor lovo. And then years afterwards mooting someone worthier and hotter, whom sho loved passionately. That is dreadful ! Oh, Godfrey, if I hod been married bofore I saw you — and wo had met — end yon had cared for me — God knows what kind of woman I should havo been. Perhaps I should have been one of thoso poor souls who havo a history, tho women mothor and her frlonds Rtare at and whisper about in the Park. AYhy are peoplo so keenly interested in thorn, I wonder ? AYhy can't they leave them alone ?" " It would ho charity to do bo." " No one is charitable — in London." "Do you think the country is morf indul gent?" "I suppose not. I'm afraid English peoplo keep all their charity for tho Continont. I shall never look at the girl in that group with out thinking of hor sad story. Sho looks hturdly fifteen in tho pioturo. Poor thing. She did not know what was coming. " They loitered ovor thoiratea table, making the most of thoir happiness. The sweetness of thoir dual life had not begun to pall. It was still new and wondorful to ho together thus, unrostrained by any other presence. In tho midst of thoir gay talk Juanita's eyes wandered to tho bronzo Time upou the ohimney piocc. and the familiar figure suggested gloomy ideas. "Oh, Godfrey, look at that grim old man with his soytlio, mowing down our happy moments so faBt that we can hardly tabto thoir sweetness before thoy speod away. To think that our lives are hurrying past us like a tor rent, and that wo shall bo liko him," pointing distastefully to tho typo of old age — tho wrinkled brow and flowing hoard — " before wo know that wo have lived." "It is a pity, sweet, that life should bo so short." Her glanoe wandered higher to the dark oak panel above the olook, and sho startod up- from her low obair with a faint scream, stood on tip- too before tho fireplace, snatohed half a dozen scraggy peacocks' feathors from tho panel and threw thom at hor husband's feet "Look at those," sho exalnimed, pointing to them as they lay thore. " Peacooks' feathors. AVhat havo thoy done that you should uso them so?" " Oh Godfrey, don't yOu know?" she askod earnestly. " Don't I know what ?" - " That peacocks' feathers bring ill luuk. It is fatal to take them into a hohse. Thoy aro an evil omen. And father will pick them up when he is sttolliug about the lawn, and will bring them indoors ; though I am always scolding hint for his obstinate folly, and always throwing tho horrid things away." "And this kind of thing has been goihg on for some years, I suppose?" asked Godfrey, smiling at- her intensity. "Ever sinco I can remember." "And havo the peacocks' feathers brought you inisfortuno ?"' She looked at him gravely for a few moments and then burst iiito a joyous laugh "No; no no, no," slio said, " Fato has been ovor kind to me. I liavo ttover linowh Sorrow Fate has given mc you. I curl tho happiest woman in tho world — for there can't ho another you, and you are mine. It is like oWnitig the Kohinoor diainOhd ; one knows that ono stands alone. Still, all tlib same, peacocks' feathers aro unlUOky, and I Will not suffer thom in your room" She picked up the offending feathers, twisted them into a ball, and flung them at the back of the deep old chimney, behind tho smouldering logs ; and then tho produced a chess board, and sho and Godfrey began a gafeb With tho board on their knOOs, and played for an hour by fire light. CUAVTKR III. " A deadly silonco step by step increased, Until It seemed a horrid presence there." That idea of the Strangways lmd taken hold of the brido'u fancy. She went into the hall with Godfrey after dinner, and thoy looked together at tho family group. Tho picture was a bishop's half-length, turned lengthwise, and the figures showed only the head aud shoulders, 1'ho girl stood between the two boys, hor left arm round hor younger brother's neck. Ho was a lad of 11 or 12, in an Eton jackot and broad white collar, Tho other boy was older than tho girl, and was dressed in dark green . corduroy. Tho heads wore masterly, but tho pioturo was uninterest ing. "Did you over seo three faces with so little fascination among tho three ?" asked Godfrey ; " tho boys look arrant cubs ; the girl has tho makings of a handsome woman, but tho lines of her mouth and chin havo firmness enough for 40, and yot sho could hardly he over 15 when that picture was painted." "She has a lovely throat and lovely shoul ders." "Yes, tho painter has mado the most of those. " " And sho has fine oyes." " Fino as to dolor and shape, but as cold as a Toledo blado — and as dangerous. I pity her husband." " That most bo a waste of pity, if ho had boon good to hor she would not have run away from him." " I am not sore of that. A woman with that mouth and chin would go her own gait if sho trampled upon bleeding hearts. I wonder your fathor keeps these shadows of a vanished raco." " Ho would not part with them for worlds. Thoy aro liko tho peacocks' feathers that ho will bring indoors. I sometimes think ho has a fanoy for unlucky tilings. Ho says that as wo havo no ancestors of our own — to spoak of — 1 suppose we must have ancestors, for overybody must have come down from Adam somehow." "Naturally, or from Adam's ancestor, the common progonitor of the Darwinian thesis." "Don't be horrid. Father's idea is thai oil yi vr-- — - — —»'l keep the Strgngway portraits, Tho faces aro tho. . history of tho lipuse, fathor said, wiicn mothor wanted thoso dismal old pjoturcs taken . down to innko .way for a collection qf; .modern art. So thcfe tppy arc, and Ixau't hcip , think ing that thoy overlook us." They wero still standing before tho trio of- young faces contemplatively. "Are they all dead?" askod Juanita, after, a pause. . "God knows. I believo it is a long tino sinco any of them were hoard of. Jaspor talks to mo about, themn sometimes. Ho was iu sor- vico , hero, you, know, . Jjoforo lio became my father's . bailiff. In foot, - ho only loft Ohcriton after the old . squiro's death. He is fond of talking of tho forgotten race, and it is from him that most of my information is derived. Ho told . mo about that unluoky lad," pointing to the youngor boy, "Ho was in tho navy, distinguished himself out in China, and was on tho high road to getting a ship when ho got broke for drunkenness— a flagrant case, which all but ended in a tremen dous ilisosternud tho burning of a .man-of-war. Ho wont into tho morchant service— did woll for. a year or two, and thou tho old enemy took hold of him again, and ho got broke, there. After: that he dropped through — disappeared in tho great dismal swamp where the mon who fail in this world sink out ofl knowledge. " And the older boy ; what became of him ?" " He was in the army — a tremendous swell, I beliovo, married Lord Dangorfield's youngest daughter, and out a dash-for two or three years, and then disappeared from society, and took his wifo to Corsica, on tho ground of dolicate hoalth. For anything I know to the contrary, thoy may still ho living in that freo and easy little island. Ho was fond of sport, and likod a rough life. I fancy that Ajacoio would suit him better than. Purbeck or Fall Mall." "Poor things; I wonder if they ever long for Ohoriton ?" "If old Jasper is to be bolieved, they wero passionately fond of the placo, especially that girl. Jasper was groom in thoBO days, and ho taught hor to ride. She was a regular dare devil, acoording to his. account, with a temper that no ono had over been ablo to control. But sho seams to have behaved pretty.' well to Jaspor, and he was attaohed to hor. Her father couldn't manago her any how. Thoy were too much alike. He sent her to a school at Lausanne soon after that pioturo was paiqtpd, and sho never camo back to Clioriton. Sho ran away with an Eng lish offioer who wan homo from India on fur lough, and was staying at Oucliy for his health.- Sho represented herself as of full ago, and oon- trivod to got married at Geneva. The squire refused over to seo her or- her husband. She ran away from her husband afterwards, as I told you. In fnot, to quoto Jaspor, sho was an incorrigible bolter." - . " Poor, "poor thing. -It is all too sad," sighed Juanita. "Lot us go into tho library and for get them. 'There are no Strangways there, thank Heaven." ' She put lier arm through Godfrey's and led him off unresisting. Ho was hi that stago of devotion in whioh ho followed her like a dog. The library was one of tho host rooms in tho house, but the least interesting from an arohrao- logist's point of view. It had been built early in tho eighteenth century for a ballroom; a long narrow room, with fivo tall windows, and it haa been afterwards known as the musio room ; but James Dalbrook had improved it: out of its original character by throwing out a largo hay, with threo windows " 'open ing on to a semicircular terraco, With marble balustrade and stops loading down to tho prettiest portion of that Italian garden whioh was. tho crowning glory of Clioriton Manor, and which it had been J-ord Choritoii's dolight to improve. Tho spacious bay gave width and dignity to tho room, find it was in the spaoo bfetiveon tho bay and tho .wide fireplace that pooplo .naturally grouped themselves. It .was too largo a room to bo warmed by oqo fire of ordinary dimensions, hut' tho fircplaeo added by Dalbrook was of abnormal" Width and grandeur, while the ohimney , piooo was rich in colored marbles- and splendid sculpture. The room was lined with books from floor to coiling. Clusters, of wax candled were burning on tho mantelpiece, and two largo moderator lamps- stood on a massive carved oak tablo in tho centre of the room— a table spacious enough to hold all tho magazines, reviews and periodicals in three languages that were worth reading — Quarterlies, llcviic des Deux Mondcs, Rundschau, Pitjaro, World, Saturday, Truth, and- tho rest of them — as woll as guide books, peerages, clergy and. atmy listB — whioh made a formidable range iu the middle. Godfrey flung himself iuto a luxurious cliair, and Juanita iiorohed herself lightly beside him on the cushioned arm, looking down at him from that point of vantage. There was a wood fire here as woll as ill tho hall ; hut tho rain was . ovej now, and tho ovening had grown warmer, and tho Frcneli windows in tho hay stood opoii to tho dull gfoy night/ "AVhat lire you reading now, Godfrey?" asked Juanita, glanoing at tlio cosy double table iu a corner by the chimney piece, loaded with books ubovo and below. " For duty reading Jones's book Oil Grultan and the Irish Parliament ; for Old books, Plato ; for new, Wider Horizons. " ... Ho was an insatiable reader, and even in those long summer days of honoymoou talk he had felt the need. of books, which were a habit of Ilia life. " Is Wider Horizons a good book!" "It is full of imagination, and it carries ono awny ; but- one has the same feeling . as . in esoterio Buddhism. It is a very comforting theorv, and it ought to bo true;' l>uk by what authority is this gospel preached to us, aud on whut evidence are wo to believe ?" ... " Wider Horizons is about , the life to come ? " "Yes ; it gives us a very vivid picture of our existence in other planets. Tho author writes hs if lie hill been there." 1 "Ami according to his theory you and I aro to meet and bo happy again in some distant star ? " "In many,, stars — climbing from star to star, and . achieving a higher spirituality, a finer cssenoo, With every now existence, Until wo attain tile everlasting perfection." "And wo who aro to die old and worn out here Are to be young and bright again there — in our next world ?" ' "Naturally." "Aiid then we- Shall grow old again — go through the saino slow decay — grey hoirfc, fading tight, dullor hearing "Yes; as we blossom so must wo fade The ivithered husk of the old life holds the seed from which tho' now flower must spring ; and With every incarnation tho flower is to gain in vigor and 'beauty, and tho life period is to lengtlibu till it touches infinity." " I must read tho book, Godfrey. It may be all a dream ; but I love even dreams that pro mise a future in which you and I- shall always be togethor— as wo are now, as wo aro now." She repeated those last four . words with in finite toUdiSrnoss. Tho beautiful head' satik dbwtl t'o. neatlo upon his shoulder, and they were silelit for some ' minutes in a dfcfehmy r evcrib, gazing into tho' fire, Where the logs had givdu Out thoir last llamo, and Were slowly fading froih rod to groy. It WaB a quarter to 11 by the dial let into the marble of tho chimney pieco. The liutlor had brought a thiy with wine and wat dr at 10 o'clock, and had taken tho flual Orders before retiring. Juanita and lidr husband were altmo amid the stillness of tho sleeping household. The night Was closo and dull, ndt a leaf stirring, and only a few dim stars in the heavy sky. As tho el'ook told the third quarter, with a small eilvnty cliifrto, as it wore a town clock iii fairy land, Juanita started suddenly from her half redlining position and listened intently, With lifer face towards the open window. "A footstep!" sho Cxolnimed. "I heard a footstep 6n the terrace." " My dearest, I know your hearing is quicker than mine ; but thia timo it is your fancy that heard and not your cars. I heard hothing. And who shfedld bo walking on the terrace at Stick an hour, do yon suppose?" " I doh't suppose anything about it, but 1 know there was someone. I heard the steps, Godfrey. I heard them as distinctly as I heard you fepcak jhst now, light footsteps — slow, vory slow, and with that cautious, treacherous sound which light, slow footsteps always llavb, if one hears them in the silence of night." " You aro very positive." "I know It, I hoard it !" she cried, running to tho window, and out into the grey night. Slio ran along tho whole length of the terrace and back again, her husband following her, and they found uo one, hoard nothing from ono end to the other. " You seo, lovo, there was 'no ono there," said Gedfroy. "I sco nothing of the kind — only that tho someono who was there has vanished very cleverly. An eavesdropper might hide easily enough behind any one of those cypresses," she said, pointing to the obelisk-shaped trees whioh showed black against tho dim grey of the night. "AYhy should there ho any eavesdropper, lovo ? AVhat secrets have you and I that any prowler should watch or listen. The only poi son of tho prowling kind to bo apprehended would be a burglar ; and as Choriton has been burglar-free all thoso years, I see no reasoh fot fear; so unless your mysterious footfall be longed to oiio of the servants or a sorvant's fol lower, whioh is highly improbable on thiB side of tho house, I tako it that you must havo heard a ghost." He had his arm around her, and was loading hor out of the misty night into tho worm bright room, and his voice had tho light sound of laughter ; hut at that word ghost sho startod and trembled, and hor voice was very Berioua as sho answered. "Aghdat, ycs l It waa just iiiethe footfall of a ghost— so Blow, so soft, so mysterious. .. I beliovo it .was a ghost, Godfrey— a Strangway ghost. Somo of thom must visit tliisJiouae." ft It H ' 