NOVETIES & FASHIONS. -vK^ .' Black lace bonnets are rqually stylish with pink roses or pale green foliage. The heart brooch is one of the simple forms which came into fashion with the Kmpire style of dress ; it is merely an outline composed of a row of diamonds, sapphires, rubies, or pearls, with a pin across the outline. Hearts of contrasting colors are interlaced. New menu cards bear some well-known phrase which is illustrated by comical sketches of animals. A dressy inish for the sleeves of nice dresses il to leave an inch-and-a-half slit up the front and back, and then gather lace about two inches . and a half all around the wrist. The lace fluffs «nt of each opening and softens the contour of the hand. Under-sleeves are simulated by cutting plain sleeves rather short and adding a full puff of lace or mull shirred on the lower edge to form a ruffle .round the hand. The plastron is gathered at the neck and waist, and sewed to a ribbon collar ried on one side. Square photograph-frames have the aperture for the cabinet cut out in the shape of a heart, and covered with a piece of plush or old-looking brocade Sometimes the whole frame is heart shaped, and is tied up with a bow of silk at the top. A pretty work-bag may be made of alternate lengths of silk and velvet ribbon joined together with fancy feather-stitching, lined with some pale-colored satin, and finished off with a rather wide drawstring. The ribbons may be of any width from two inches and any length from ten inches; ten »trips are generally required. When joined together to form the bag, and lined, they are gathered at one end, and sewed to a pi ici of cardboard previoasly coven d with velvst er some harmonizing material, of about five inches square, to form the base. The draw .tring is. run at some little distance from the . upper edge, so that the contrasting lining shows . above. The fashionable green ribbon, with velvet of a darker shade, and a lining ..f pule pink satin, looks well, also fancy ribbon and black satin, or velvet ribbon, with a green, red, or blue lining. A go'd or silver '-wish''?m:ie pin is used for fastening corsage bouquets For a wedding, lay a strip of white silk with a silver fringe down the centre of the table over a cloth of the finest of damask. ( )t. this at equal distances place four or six white-straw baskets fi led with growing plants of white hyacinths and lilies of the vdley, mixed with ferns. If the baskets have handles, twist white ribbon »round them and tie in a how on top, with a few sprigs of the flowers caught in the bOA\ Then pbue some cut glass or white china vases here and there on the silk scarf, and till with ferns and white flowers. Exquisite indeed are the gray dresses a la Puritaine, which will appear when worn hy American hrides for whom they have heen made. It seems strange to see a London tailor turn out a gray cloth dress of a pearly tint, and precisely resembling our old Puritan maidens' dresses in its quaint snug fit. The top of the waist is crossed, when the dress is worn, ny a gauze "kerchief primly folded over the breast, and there are deep cuffs of the same. But the English maiden crowns all this with a deliciously demure hat of gray straw, over which is tied gray tulle, which holds the hat down against the cheeks. This tulle is knotted under the chin in a loose, bulging way. There is not a ruffle, not a flow er. With the English brilliancy of complexion, all this is all very well, but let the American girl, if pale, avoid gray dresses, gray tulle, and gray straw hats. They make her look like the ghost of your own grandmother. A LAKGK OUSAMKNTAL FAN.-Take three sheets of stiff wrapping paper and mucilage them together at the ends, one overlapping the other, making a pi-ee long enough to plait ' into a fan. Collect all your odds and ends of wall paper, the more varieties the better, and pasie them on the paper crH/.y work fashion, putting the different patterns on in all kinds of shapes and corners. Finish with a rich piece of bordeiing and then lay in plaits five or six inches deep, tying them together with ribbons or several pieces of ribbon, and tacK on the wall in a slanting position. 