gfrumb*. Circos. Theatre. Sunsh'ie. Prpy^k^coming in. MUiUiy funeral. Races to-morrow. irjustice to China, Gap Day to-morifow. " * Snmmary onMondfty. Popular Rink to-night. '••X^tVtt in AdelaidK ' - " i Half-holiday to-morrow. Special tra'na wrMorphettville. Barometer atjfeCV toil»y. t loriculturfl cowsat JBose Park. Maoris at Kensington to-morrow. Mayor Cleave has got a backbone. Presbyterians s i solema cocb'ive.' " The Kintore Valse"—what next ? Seventeeth week of Strasburg olocfe. Boulanger's friends being run in stilL Yimog Anstialia dearly loves a circos. The Czar to be orawned £ing of Poland, • Four month* waitings f«r a titleto ootue oufc - • « Vexations delays at the Lauds Title CJBce, . i . Ghost stories by a jnember of Houston's Union. ' ^ " 'Tis virtue makes the , bliss whM^ff ' we dwell." •' " Temperance, is reasoo'igirdleandtpasslons bridle." .... . Sir C. Dilke believes in Hams Balg foe Ireland. s -a ; JExhffi|tion Iiurdle. and,steeple raoe to< morrow.' . ,, , line weather and gooft racing for S.A.J.C. Cup Day. , .-., : ,„., u , Mr, Dillon's ,','ghjjst", writes nnder .aauy dgnaturesi Mr. Hemdker Heaton hty a ^hOStijM has Mr. Dillon. .'„ ' " .. Troops leading Xreland-^ifatitm gating played out. * The m&Bter; printers have scorH' a victory at Brisbane. Sir Charles Dilke seeking election for Hons* of Commons, Pameli the SQent. again {explains Pigotty etoiy. Slnggard and Chetwynd scratchedJEor the Adelaide Cnp. The modern pedagogue must be an Adinirable Crichtop. ~Mr. Harrington Insists npon wearing his prison : breeke.' An unattached minister elected Clerk of the Presbytery. The Weather Clerk has surely forgot all abont the races. A partionlar friend of Pitt's n followiog Mr. Dillon abont. Somebody tooting enr Portonian pktureman's trade again. : ' • Penny wise and pound foolish policy ft the Land* Titles Office. ' Trying to emulate the mossy movements of the Sydney Lind Office. - •' • . John Dillon won't believe that-' friend PMnell could tell a story.- Rose Parj^ ehould learn that there Is great virtue in aamalipidloek.. >• The Crumbman .wants to see Mayor Shaw's "paper oaj9anitation."\ Lands Titles wsgon cannot get np the hill .for the want of a.llttle.cart grease. ' With this w«attwr how; r ^l'ihtfuL the lawnat Morphettville shosdd. 1 jok. French 'police tried to tak* the breeka aff a Hielanman at the Paris Exhibition, . ftew Zealand's' representative .neatly bundled out of the Paris Exhibition. -; A brilliant SDeeoh^rom Sir ChK'les Dilke,. and extremely flattering to Australia, --v-.. Backers growling with cau^e at ^ the scratching of Sluggard and Chetwynd. . < - Rose Park people take ont their, choioe flowers in an improved qualitytif milhu Of course nobody/would acouse JohnDiUoa Of attempting to poison public opinion. Oar Rowley should have been in Paris 4>n* Monday with his Parlezvpus ivonfoia. All London cablegrams' are not to be trusted unless they favour Home Rule. Sun rose at 6.44 a.m.; sets at 5.9 .p.m. Moon rises at 1.47 p.m.; sets at midnight. Delegate Dillon evidently believes that ail Pressmen are like his oountryman Pigott, A few more ologies and fada and life will not be wortb living to a State-school child. ThankB to the Upper House South Australia has soored against the other colonies. ThOBe cows keep the people of Rose Park from stagnating—aB good as an earthquake. The expenses of men charged with serious crimes were personally paid by Mr. ParnelL Poor W. E. Adcock cannot get pity or protection ae an ill-used or " foreigner man.' 7 Tbe bon ton will be with tbe Earl and Countess of Kintore at the raceB on Thursday,' it".... _ New Zealand Sir Dillon defied tha whole force of the French police to lay a hand on hiin; . The energetic Commissioner had better enquire into the delays of tbe Labds Titles Office. Is W. E. Adcock's new novel to be another version of " For the Term of His Natural Life;" J3ir Charles Dilke's imagination being, heavily drawn npon in talking abopt tbe colonies. Our new Chinese Act findB more approval than other restrictive joeaeures pissed in. Australia. His Excellency will be " Under his Thumb" and in ."A.Regular.Fix" to-morrow niebt. It takes tbe-efferveecbat "Alphabetical sis: months to .bubble up.a.reply to an infinential. deputation^ We most all feel deeply indebted to our neighbours for their " magnificent recepl^;*" of our Mayor. . Ihe last numbers of the Adelaide Time and of the Weekly Dispatch were published'. May 8,1858. Will the rescue of that distinguished Auctralian irom the police lead so Eoropeancomplications? Was it our own Hon. Divid who waa oanght at the Paris Exhibition between his kilts end bis breeks 7 The return of Dr. Dean as member for P?toesawas declared illegal by the Court of' D-'spated Returns, May S, 18J7. Last ohanoe of hearing Major Dane tomorrow night on " Rambles among the ruins - cf the seven Churches of Asia," Quotation for May 8 :— Do jou wiib men to speakjmadof yoti Then nern speak good of yourse^.—PatcaL Are the Australians at the Paris Eshibi- - tion such a suepidous lot that the police should order them to move on" ? , Sir Charles Dilke on the stump again. Tells Britishers what they ought to do—he- - knows best what's good for them. Who was that distinguished Australianthreatened with ejection from the PariB Exhibition while without his breeks How tbe junior member for Onkaparingamust have envied Sir Francis Dillon Bell's opportunity to air his lingnistic ability. England advised to follow tbe colonial example in tbe direction of religions equality, compuUory education, and free schools. While Australians so strongly 'denounce injustice to Ireland, let them not tolerate it on their ovtn land towards even Chinamen. "Swarms of poisoners of.public opinion about—but not including John Dillon aud his co-a^itatore." That's a "Primrose" man. ' A pair of Irish patriot's breeka cut up into bits an.1 sold would realize more than a di ztn orationB." That's our old Tory's joke. Sir Chailcs Dilke has been, studying Australia while in recess, and advises the mother to follow the example of her oil Spring. \- " Tbe receipts for the twenty-one performance aunouutiog to £1 S87 13j. 9J., unpre cedeuted in the annals of circus takings in Adelaide ' "London ncwe agents and colouli'. corrts pendiute (tldii'y newe to p.'ifou publij itiiniou .--airst the Irish tauee " John I illot'e be lit f. 1 lie proclamation of Charles II as " Kin » .f tteto rtulme" wa. n- 'e May 8, 16*53 ; and ih« uts uf Vivat ma-ie the old v. tikin ling ag»io. 111 Kiigl'ali abandoned tha siege of Oriels Ua> f, Mu'.i, afUr huiuititrtug ut it f.ir n.i-i ins Tho city waa tuv^d by tha roitm of "Joan of Arc." Archlii.! c(i WaUh now c-min^ to h\» mcp" ~pn |,ures stbitratioi tor s-ttleomt. if >1 u^luid ap<l tenant ins .lutfo. t'QO eiiaa ol the Ui unifct is in this cruoiU 