Y.M.C. Association. I r every person ever connected with the late Y.M.G. Association were asked for his brightest thought on that deceased corporation, he would confidently point to the cause of its decease. If all these bright thoughts were collected, classified, corked and labelled, they might come near to n full account of the causes of the catastrophe. But whatever might be said about these causes, the fact is undisputable that the association is dead. It is equally a fact that those who were its sureties and who had to pay a hand some cheque each for the deficiency, de serve more than sympathy. They were guarantors, not principals. They were guarantors for the Christian public accustomed to make a part of that as sociation or to give it encouragement. It was according to the law of the Itoniiins, when they wore what are called pagans, that sureties should have two remedies. They first had a bennjieium fxeimionin. or the right to compel a credi tor first to sue the principal debtor ; and then by a /«? pullitia. they had the right if they paid the creditor's claim them selves, to auc the debtor for the money. 'I -o wo manage things better in Quoens l:ind. lwauve we are Christians, by leav ing the guarantors to pay the bond and chew the cud of bitter reflection on their own good intentions and the want of .'food faith on the part of members of the late Y.'M.C. Association 'i One of tl'e first steps in founding a new institution is to distinctly inform the public that those guarantors are to be paid, or that they accept the situation resignedly, and do not wish the ghost of a shadow of their claim to be recouped to fall across the path of the new enterprise. The best and the worst trade insolvent has to settle tip with his creditors, and to get his certificate from the court if lie cun. If he cannot do either of those things he cannot begin again on his own footing. Can even a Y.M.C. Association afford to igi.ore, as some other so-called Christian associations do, n natural obligation because it cannot ho turned into a legal claim? The case of these guarantors must first of all be distinctly dealt with. Mr. Valker has acted shrewdly in coming to Brisbane at the moment of suffering and sorrow. He says that for a new institution he wants a good com mittee, some money, nnd the young men. But these are only nwtcria. The old in stitution had them all and yet failed. Beside the materia there is needed a sound policy. Mr. 'Walker is said to lay great stress on the difference between a Chris tian Young Men's Association and a Young Men's Christian Association. Xot being informed we do not know which Mr. AValker prefers. To most persons it will appear that the difference is small, and not worth noting, if in brief either designation is correct. A Chris tian Young Men's Association is taken to signify that a number of Christian young men form an association to do something. Surely, so far as its material goes, it is a Christian association. For a number of young men of all shades of character to form an association, and to call it ' Christian ' as to its substance would be odd, and not much better how ever Christian the object named by them. Laying any stress on the*!1 terms is like talking in a circle. Following an example set in another line of life, promoters of the new venture would ask, 'What was the old institution? 'What is the work aimed to be done? What is the best policy to be adopted in trying to do it ? It is imperative exactly to note the failings of the old association. If they cannot he avoided it is useless to begin again. They wore internal and ?not external. It was not want of money but want of management. The news papers may be blamed for attempting to say what is the work to be done by a Y.M.C. Association, but it may be asked in all deference, Is it to do just what ?churches are doing a good deal better than such an association can ever do ? Is it to do what an ordinary city mission can do, and vastly better? ?Or is its object tlie formation of a band of persons in strong sympathy with young men, a band of persons who will take hold of all young men who need advice, encouragement, restraint,guidance, and other kindred good things, because the said young men are not in the way of getting them otherwise ? 'Who does not condemn a practice not un known of huddling together a lot of young men under the pretence that they are Christians, of charging them with the responsible task of giving religious instruction when they them selves have not learned the elements of truth; or appointing men to conduct worship when they ought to be learning its rudiments : of creating a class of young pedants of the most pronounced type, utterly dissociated from proper church life, when they should be learning the simplest ideas and duties? Young Men's Christian Associations mny attempt all that and succeed in o certain way. their success being the worst part about them. There is i« Brisbane a field for an association of the right stamp ; right in the elmracter of those having re sponsible charge, and right in the methods used and the aims contemplated. M.r. 'Walker's experience will be invaluable in trying to start again. Could he not come to Brisbane for three months ? [Our articles on ' Bishop Webber,' ' Mr. Groojn,' aud ' Kadic.il. Manifesto' with our ' Point' column are on page 2, crowded out of their usual place by press of advertisements.] 