THE CENTENXIAIj MAGAZINE. .the frontispiece to the December number of this magazine is an engraving of a stained glass window in the Sydney Ccutennial-ball, which is from a design by Mr. L. Henry. The opening letterpress is some pleasantly written poems under the heading " In Childland," by Mr. Gilbert Parker. Mr. D. G. Fall; contributes a story in his usual animated but mutter-of-fact stylo, entitled "The Castaway of the Barrier," the snbjcct being the landing of au escaped convict from Now Caledonia and what came of It. The story is not at ail in Mr. Falk's best stylo, being too conventional in plot and construction, and having too much foregone conclusion about it. Aud when we aro told of the heroine, JeS9, in one page that "she was standing in the centre of tbo room— a grey, 6lender figure in tho half-light" and in the next page, still deal ing with the sntuo scene that "Jess stood mo tionless aud rigid in the centre of tho room— a pathetic haggard-faced figure in the grey light"— it becomes apparent that the author's workmanship shows signs of groat carelessness. Mr. Jumeo Smith supplies noino roniiuiscousca of "Melbourne in the Fifties.1' Tho Rev. H. L. Jackson, in au arlicla entitled " The Church and Modern Thought," essay# to answer a former paper by Mr. Kebblewhite on "Artisan Sceptic- i-ra and Empty Churches." " Uolf IJoldie- wood's " novel of" Nevermore" gives a very graphically presented court scene in which the cuui'Ho of the n'tory niukui progress. Under the head of " Australian Ghosts " Mr.' W. O. Hodg- kinson tolls with much lurid power, though only an ouLline/u story of old world vico and tho tragedy iu the Australian bush which formed its terrible dcuouuicnt. A story for children is supplied by Mrs. Horon ("Au#tra- lio") under the head of "The Shepherd's Bles sing." A pathetic: little story, " My Wife," by Mrs. Percy R. Meggy, some minor sketches and a few small poems complete the number. The Parthenon for the month has come to hand. A good deal of interest seems to attach to the pages devoted to tbo prize competition. 