Tftovelfst. Tie Midnight Prophecy . - OB,- . EEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. ; By Emma Garrison Jones. . ORiTIER XVI— (CONTISUED.) "Bocauso I want to go mysolf. I must go and eco that child again, and bo Bure "that; I Bin not mislukon. I must go, Judith .; so don't wasto timo in words.' "Jlut, my lady, I beg your pardon," i. vi>ntup.«i .TtiriilU wltnh wilt vnur nurnta \- thiuk ? What will my lord say, if lie Cuds it. out ?" ; ".My guests may. say what thoy liko," . .replied tlm countess, hor oyes binning. . " I slmil loavo iny apologies with Mrs. Colonel Oliudlcigli, and I'll explain to tho carl whon lio returns. I'to niado up my \- mind to go, nnd you need not try to dis- sundomc, no matter how good your motivo may bo." . tludith acquioscod with ovidoiit reluct- ; niico,, behoving, as ho did, in her calm and far-sight wisdom, that tho atop hor lady " " wiie about to-tiko was rasli nnd ill- advised and olio which might lead to unpleasant consequences, to say tho least. The ocuntoss horsolf did not pnuso to' consiaor ; sua oniy saw an opportunity to accomplish the supremo desiro of hor' heart, nud mado liusto to ombraco it. f Since loaviug the Tyrol, lior impationoo nud dispense had nmountod to torturo. Sim could mover rest, navor dr.nv a eon- tented breath till nho went back nnd as sured horsolf whether or not tho boy bore \- tho Sratlispoy birthmark. If ho did not, and all hor dreams and ;. . impulses were delusions, the sooner sho found out her mistnke tho hotter. But \- if ho wore hor child, hor own offspring, . thou a great and perilous task lay bolero hor, for he should ho reinstated in his \- rightful place, and proclaimed heir to tho oarldom of Strathspey. \- No passion in stronger nnd moro do- terimuod than a muth'or's lovo ; and this \- -mnthcr's lovo for that littlo outcast nurs: ling of tho milch-goat amounted to idols- . try..'Inhcrdroains, in hor waking-hours, lio was ever prosont, and a single thought >: of that little; warm, milky mouth that sho kissed in lier tint Vision, thrilled hor with \- passionate tendorness. For this child's sake sho was bravo, nud willing to daro ' all danger — evon death, if nood bo. . Moro than onco bIio had thought ovor tho expediency of revealing tho wholo \- tiling to hor husband, and ontreating him : - to aid hor in righting tiio great wrong. Biittho romoinbrance of his unbolief in regard to hor dream always chilled and /. repolleil hor. Ho would laugh at her for a weak, visionary creature ; and alio would . only unsettle liia perfect faith that tho boy . tvTitt hnrn liin nnnin wnn in f.rnfli liia saw . She had a tender lovo for lior groat broad ahostod husband, and tho baro thought of spoiling his 'happiness, plunging him in \- ; . doubt and conjeoturo, was moro than sho -. could bear,- " ( It must not bo 1 Sho concludod, wisely enough, perhaps, but with the boat of motives, to keop it all from him— to shoulder nil tho sorrow and woary bub- pense horsolf, and follow tho faint clow through tho dnrltaiid mysterious labyrinth alone and unaided. " But you surely intend thatl ahull go with you, my lady ?" ventured Judith, as slio assisted tho countess to dross for her juurnoy. " I Bhould bo clad enough to havo you, Judith," aho ropiiod ;" but I must loavo \- : - you hero. Thoro's no ono in tlxis houso that I enn trust savoyoursolf. Idaronot trust ray children in tho linhds of that Dundas woman. I mistrust nnd dislike hor moro than I did at first, and I mnrvol that niy lord porsisis in keeping her — and alio in romnining. I thing slio brought mo ill-luok tho first hour I ovor looked , t upon lior straugo fnco ; ovory thing hna wrong with mo sincothon. Astrango r face, dark and diabolical," sho continued, in n dronmy voioo ; a fnco ono would not ; bo likoly to forget. Judith, do you think I am a sano woman, or nm I really going . "mad, as thoy suppose ?" ... "My; lady I" cried tho girl, dropping hor brush ; " what do you mean ?" , " Exactly what I say, Judith. Am I \- . a sano, sonsiblo womnn V" . >. ; " Why, yes ; who says you nro not ?" Novormind. But the truth is, I think such strnngo things that I doubt my own sanity at times. Judith, did you ov cr fancy tint tho awful fnco that glared upon moin my oliildbedin thecrimson ohambor, ; that night wlion iny babo was stolon, . might havo been the fnco of tho Dundas woman ?" , . , " Oh, no ; no, my. lady 1" cried Jiulitli, .In- oonstornation, almost beginning' to .a'/ .', doubt Iter Indy'i sanity >ur« onouxb. , " Well, I hnvo Juditii, many in .timo," replied the countess, quietly ; " niid, t.lio fancy is growing very strong, of Into. If 1 aui not tmanc, 1 nm very sane, very wiso, Judith ; nnd I hnvo no human soul ill llio wido world to trust, no ono to iiolp 1110 but yoii. 1 must leavo you lioro to watch tho Duiida's woman, nnd fako caro of my childron wliiio 1 am gono." " But, for you . to go alono— you, my poor, doar lady !" wailed the girl. " l ain not n baby, good ooul 1" smiled tho countOBS ) " and 1 am moro capable than ' you think, I nm strong, and no coward in an omcrgoncy, dospito my wpakiicss aiid babyish face. So don't frot, iny good girl! There— that will do. King for Sandford now, to drive mo 'to tho station.i' I shall tnko tho olovcn-tliirty train. How send in Mrs. Chudlcigh, if sho will cmiio ; and you must mnko all needful oxouaes yoiiraolf. And— lot mo soo I No, I can't toll you when to aoud tho oarriago for mo." \- J uditli obeyed ; and in loss than twenty ninutos tho countcBs entorcdhor carriago and was driven rapidly to tho station — Mrs. Celonol Cliiiuloigh looking after hor from .tho. hall-door .with . undisguised wonder, and tho Duhdas woman watohing her from an upper window, with an eager glitter in her Dlaok oyos. '—i . OHAI'TEB XYI. AS UNEXPECTED ENCOUNTER. " There is a divinity' that slinpos our ends, rough-how tliilm how wo will,'.' says tlio lniniortal bard ; und a most niaiignant mid mischief-making divinity it seems to bo at times. But .wo must not stop and bewail ovor the rnuob ahulcR nnd snlntered fragmeiits, but wait with patience till the whole is complete, nud tliou wo nhnll see that every seemingly adrcrso stroko was needed to porfcct and fiuish tho roundod lifo. To our human wisdom, it appears just tho consummation of ill-luck that Colonel Gilbert Voruoy should occupy tho snrac train, indeed the snmo carriago, with the Countess ol StratliBpoy that morning 1 But tiio colonel did so unconscious of ovil intent, it is true, but tlio effects of tlio oc- currcnco wcro disastrous enough. Tho oountesBs was thickly veiled, and although sho was tho solo lady passenger, it was aomotimo boforo he rccognisod her. He established himaolf comfortably, read tho morning paper, and heartily wished this veiled fouialb in Joriclio, in hie ill-liumor at boing deprived of his cigar. Hot a thrill of interest or curiosity as to who or what slio was stirred his heart. Tho colonel had passed that stage of lifo whon one takes an interest in rail way acqunintarces. Long yours of aoldior- lifo is India had cooled tho fovor of his young blued. Ho was now an eminently linndsomo bachelor, of seven-nnd-thirty years, a trifle cynical, intensely practical, and tho botrothed husband of Miss Julia Borcsford, heiress to tho snug sum of ten thousand n yoar, in her own "right. Tlio colonel was running over lo Paris, whero chance or fate had stricken down a fellow-ollicer and bosom friend with typhoid fovor. Tho dospatcli reached him that vory morning, stating that his friend, was dying, and had nocd of him. Colonel Arcrnoy startod down by tlio first train, liovor dreaming what a torriblo cqnstruo- lii'iu n uuiu uu - pmvuu ujiuu mo juuofc Iiuninno journoy. On and on thoy wont, tho countcsa.slill closely veiled nud incngnitb ; tho calonol perusing liis paper, nnd ; longing for liia cigar ; un niid on, through nil tho aeom- ingly endless longtli of England, for the cuuntoss Was going down to -Dovor, and acroBS the Chnmipl into Franco, nud from thence into Tyrol, following tho route hor husband had taken, the only ono alio .know lto|v to pursue. And w Uli overy inilo alio travelled, Iit coumgo fuilcd. In tlio oagcrunsa mid o.v- oitoinont of Btnrting, ; the longtli and fati"ue of tho journey had not occurred to her. iSho began to wish she had hearkoiicd to Judith's sngo counsels, or nt least consented to take her with her. It was terrible to travel alone aiid unpro tested. But sho thought of1 tho littlo .ilaxon-haircd boy amid tho Alpine peaks, and her hoart grow strong again. l<or his. sako alio would endure it all. At the first station llie colonol got out and enjoyed his cigar, and returned to his -Boat in n muoli hotter humor. Tlioro sat this inovitublo lady companion. "Can I bo any sorvico to you, madamc 1"; he inquired, politely j "get you nny ro- freBhmouts, or anything of tho kind I" Tlio lady gave a quick start, shook hor head, and, drawing hor voil still closer, muttorcd an inarticulate denial., The Colonel turned on his lieol, determined to loavo lior to horaelf. Tlioy got off at Dover, in tlio goldon linznnf Rnntcimbor twiliirlit: iust in time in catoli tiio stoamor Calais. The flash of tho innamorablo gas-lights, and tho noiso and confusion on tho wharf, woli nigh be wildered Lady Strathspoy ; aud tlio full senso of tho torriblo stop she liad taken ilnshod for tho first timo upon licr. Whnt would hor husband any?- Sho grow deadly faint and tottored where sho stood. A burly porter, hurrying by, jostled hor rudoly, nnd slio would, have fallon but for tho colonel's timely oupport. "My dear uin<lamo,.do allow mo to assist you," ho oxclaimod, 'passing his arm about hor. For an instant tlio poor woman rcolod, bat by n great effort she overcame ' her weakness, and Btood firmly on hor foot. " I will accept your assistance, Colonel Vernoy," sho said, as alio raisod hor voil, and disclosed hor faoo, whito nnd faint from fatigue and intense oxoitompht. Tlio colonol camo to a doad Halt, and atood staring down nt hor, na if ho thought hor n ghost. \- " Lady Strathspoy I" ho gasped, at last, "in llonvon'a nnnio— ' " I nm going across tlio Channel, Colonel Yernoy," bIio interrupted, with dignity i " wilt you hnvo tho goodnoss to ass at mo oil hoard tho steamer ?" Tlio colonel was a thorough gentleman. Ho bowed dooply, roprosBiiigovory vestigo of curiosity, and drawing hor arm through hia conducted hor to c'omfqrtablo quarters aboard tho stoamor. Whilo. ho 'paood tlio deok, half an hour lator, puffing his cigar and puzzling his brnin to discover what wan the .moaning of Lady Strnthspoy'a unusual mode of travelling, tlio countess camo gliding to liiB-aido. , . _ " Colonel Vernoy," alio said laying lier hand liglitlyonhis arm, " you aro wonder ing, nououht, what it is that takes mo out of England , in this ran- away fashion 1" , Tlio Colqnpl'howed nnd Binilnil. " I inn aiililo curious, I coiifoss, Lady Strathspoy," lio ropiiod. The eountois stood silent for s mouiont, KSESWtewj looking up at tin misty stars overhead, her oycB full of deep aud solemn thought. " Colonol Vornoy," slio continued at last-. " you may bo sure nothing short of Yitnl interest would tako tno from my homo and husband in this f.iBhion ; my mission across tho Channel is one of lifo nnd death — to my own heart, at least. I am strong onough of will, hut weak of body, as wo womon unfortunately are. I did not intend that you should find mo out, bill my poor, womanly weakness bo- trayed mo." Perhaps' it ia.ns woll. I nood a friend. Colonol Vernoy, I am almost inclinod to trust you, to ask you toholp mcJ! Sho raised her sad, appealing eyes to hia faco, and looking - down into their ataroy depths; tho Indian officer felt his heart thrill with somothing of tho old, passionate admiration, that thoso oamo sweet eyes had awakened whon lie was a gay young .'guardsman, and Lady Mar guerite's lover. But tlio colonol, na wo havo said, was a thorough gontloman, a tnan of sterling " honor, And looking down upon tho woman ho Had onco loved, helploss and in trouble, ho felt that lio conld bo. all the truer and inoro helpful in his friendship, bocauso of that very lovo. "Lady Strathspoy," _ ho _ nnsworod, quietly, hut with Bomotliing in hia voice that at once inspired faith and coniidonco, " I am at your servioo, roady to help you in anyway 1 can." If ho lindbeon profuse in his assurances, slio would have hesitated : his self-pos session and aimplo candor won her confi dence. Sho drow.htin to a aoat in a shoL tored cornor, nnd thero, beneath tlio silent stars, with a dash of the silver water in His cars, slio bognn at tho begin- UUIJj UIIU LUlU llllll Uli UUl eviilllu OLVlJ, wondering at horsolf ns alio did bo, for an hour beforo ho would havo been tho last man on earth sho would havo clioaon for hor confidant. Yot now impollcd by some impulso strongor than her will, sho told him everything. Tho colonol listened with intorest, and profound pity aoftcncd. his koon, gray eyos. Old soldiorthat lio was, ho could under stand tho (leop yearning of tlio mothor's lovo for her own babo. ' "I'ura afraid, Lady Strathspoy," ho said, when sho had finished, " that you liavo boon unwiso in takfng this step. It would havo been bettor to havo confided ovoiytliiug to your husband, and suffered him to licar liis eharo of tho donbt and anxiety. I ain an old bachelor," ho con tinued, smiling down upon her willi pity ing kinduoss, " but I don't boliovo in any concoalmont between man and wifo. Your motivo is pure mid good,but your conduct is opon to misconstruction. Howcvor," lie added, buttoning his coat slid straighten ing his fino figuro, aftor his military habit, " if you aro determined to go on, I am at your sorvico, roady to liolu vou in any possiblo way." "1 shall go on," replied tno countess, firmly, " I will not turn back." "Vory, woll, gotoyour room now and try to rost. From OnlaiB I will iologrnpii to my Bick'friond in Paris, nud I'll soo'you "sate" into tho Tyrol and on your way home. Good- night, Lady Strathspoy." "Good-night, Colonel, and may Heavon reward you 1" . Ho strode away, and the countoss went to hor stato-roem with a lightened licart. . CHAPTER XVII, ; A -WHITE HE. Tho Eiirl of Strathspoy hold liis word ob sacred ns his bond ; hovurlheless he told, whiit, in polito parlance, would bo called uWliito lie, whon ho avowed hiB intention of making a run down to Lon- on. And whito lies aro about as dis astrous in ttioir results as black onoa, for ii tlio oarl 1 ail not indulged in this one, lio would havo spared himself many a day of bittor agony,. . Siuco that afternoon, wliou, na lie galloped orer tlio Tyrol, on his return from tho shepherd's cot, that torriblo suspicion flashed across his mind, Lord Strathspoy had not known ono hour of rest.. Ilo possosscd just tho temperature to eoizo ; upon a silly suspicion, and magnify it, nnd brood ovor it, till it grow iiito a torturing reality. Tho sudden fancy that struck him, was that tlio littlo flaxOn-hnired hoy, with a face so wondrbusly. liko Lady Pearl's, teas his wife's child. Strangely enough, it never occurred to this gifted peor that tlio boy might be his child,- noi. tho one who boro liis nnnio, ana was to bo hia lioir, might he an impostor. Ho such dronm ever entered liis mind ; ho fully believed that his own bnbo, marked with tlio scarlet cross, as some of tlio mala Strathspeys had boon before liiui, haa boon restored to him : vet ho harbored the foolish sus- picion that tho little Tyrol lad, whoso fnco haunted hint day nnd night, might bo the child of his countoss. Ho, lior husband, thus dishonored hor by a slandoroua sus picion, yot if any living being, had dared to utter such, a thing in his hearing, he would have struck him doad at his foot. ' Onco in liia mind, tlio fancy haunted; liitn liko a fiOud. How olso could ho ac count for his '.wifo'a visit to tlio cottngo, for lior atrango conduct, and abovo all hor obstinacy in refusing to confido to tiim the cause of hor unrest and depression ? At last tho poor mau'B torturo grew to ho unbearable, and he determined to go back to tho Tyrol and solvo tho mystery. Ho would find some wnyj oithor. through four or bribory, to force tho scorot from tho glib- tonguod old .woman ; and lio would seo tho child again, tind judgo by its ago and appearanco whether his torriblo suspicions woro truo or false. Accordingly, ho mado his arrnngomonts, and uttorod his whito lio about his run down to London. But instead of going to tho metropolis, ho wont, straight to Dovor Harbor, and crossrd tho Channel by the first stoamor, littlo dreaming that tho vory noxt , ono would bring liia wifo ovor. From Calais ho started direct for tlio valley of tlio Rlictian Alps ; but mid way, nt a litllo W'nysido inn,- liu foil ill. His constitution was like iron, butit sank bonoatli tlio.incossant mental torturo he had endured within tlio last fori weeks ; and for- two nights lio lay prostrato, scorched with; fovor. In his delirious, midnight drciims, ho began to think of dentil, death far from homo, and wifo, nnd childron ; death, with this hideous sus picion in his soul. Hiswifa'sfuco, swcot, and puro, and roproachful, rose up boforo hiin, and he nwoko to tho bittor wrong lie was doing her, ami determined to return to England, and forever givo.ovor his ah- siird illusion.. ' ; ; Pot tlio moment tlio fever ahatad be tqttored to his foot) and all his old, tortur> ing fears returned with double forco.- Ho could not go back-; lio must know tho truth, or lio should go mad. So, iu opposiiion to tho ontrontios of tlio surgeon who nttonded him, ho startod off, whito as a ghost, nud only ablo to keop on his foot. \- ' . ' . , Tho Soptomiior sun hung low in tho purplo sky, and all tlio grand old -Switv.br poaKB glittered with his doparting glorj'. on tlio afternoon Iwhon Lady Strathspoy reached tho Tyrol_ valley. Colonol Vor noy had eont a dispatch from Calais to Paris, nnd learning that his friend was somothing hotter, ho nccompnniodhor. At a small public-liouBo, at 110 great distnnco from tlio shophord'a cottngo, he hired a carriago and drovo across tho smiling groon valloy. Divining with the intuitivo instinct of a gentleman, that tho poor motlior would soonor seek hor oliild alono, lio put licr out at tlio edgo of tlio little coppico, aud avowed liis de termination to remain there with tho carriago until sho should return. Ladv StratliBDOv wnlkod briBklv over tho Bhort spaco that intervened between tho coppico and tho cottngo, her heart throbbing so wildly as almost to stop hor bronth. In a fow moments sho would know tho truth,- and ascertain whether thoro was any proof of which hor ohild might bo reclniraod and reinstated. Tho sua dipped low abovo tlio western soas, tho Alpine summits' glenmod and glittered in their eternal" wliitoncss ; a mingled melody of tinkling bolls and low ing horda floated on tho bnlmy ovoniug air, but unmindful of all, unconscious ovon of her' glorious surroundings, tho countess hurtled on. Half wav ncross tho slono of moadow- land, a peal of childish laughter startled her, aud .just before hor, clustered upon tlio vclvot sward, boncath a giant oak, she bohold a young kid, all garlanded, with wild-wood blossoms, an immonso Alpino shoop-dog, nnd a littlo boy in a scarlot sinock and plumed cap. Tho little follow was sitting ostrido tho dog's back, dipping his curly head, and shouting with childish glee, white tho great, grim aniinnl lay, with his noso resting on his paws in the nftornoon sunshino, as if ho onjovod the sport. ' Lady Strathspoy stood still a momont. gazing on tho lovoly pastoral picture, tho tears streaming ovor lior wan cliooks. At Inst alio drow near. Tlio dog raised liia pointed ears, and uttorod a hoarso growl, i'lio countess paused in terror, but tho boy's quick eyes had spied hor. " Down, Tiger," he cried, planting his brown, chubby foot on the animal's head, and tlio dog obeyed. " Como on," he continued ; " him won't bite no, him only bitos do.bud foxes." Lady Strathspey-approached, and held out hor hand. ; "Ilavo you forgotten ; ino, Rommio?" she asked. "Ho, inccd, I knows oo — oo comod with otlior lady, long, long ago. Dot's my kid, Molly's kid ; grnnmuddor iya it'a my bruddor--aiii't it nieo 1" lie i'zp!iodr.giving. hormone little. linnd. and pointing llio other toward tlio kid, which was cropping tho groon grass-blades a yard or two away. ' Sho tried to answer, but lier voico failed; tho littlo prattling vbico thrilled' her to tho heart's core. sobbed, . catching the ' child in her nrms, and covering his fnco and hair with pne sionato kisses. Ho struggled from her arms, looking ;up,with;wido, wondering oyesi " Whid rfo mnko oo -always ky ?". lic questioned, a trifle impatiently ; " Itominie don't liko folks to ky.". . "Don't you, darliug ?" said .. the countess, restraining her. toara ; " then 111 not cry nny more, for I want' you to liko mo. Doii't you liko niq',,ltoinmioT' " Oh, yes, Roiiiniio'likosoo.aU'holikps graiuhudder, nu' graiipap, an' Molly, lots end lots," , . , " Who is Molly 1" . ; . . " Molly's ii>y, goat— my .mannny gont— don't oo want 'o soohor . "Not now ; I'll soo her by nnd by.; sit hero by.mo, nnd lec us talk u littlo bit. Whore's grandmother t" . v -/ " Tooking supper. Wo's doing tp'.harb' tustard pio— oo want soino 1" ; ' - Lady Strathspey nodded, and took his littlo round right ariuln her hands, with a boating hepvt,. almost' fearing, to;. Jook for tiio birth-mark, yet fooling sure it was: thero. -. ?i:i v;/ " Won't you lot me sob your pretty arm V" olio asked. " Yes, indeed 1 Bd'es oo .wnht' to see; my pretty koss,. too ?— look a tlioro now l" ho cried, pushing up tho loose sieovo of liissmook. Thoro it was 1 The Strutlispoy birth mark, tlio 'scarlot cross, deep and vivid bonoatli tho' white, transparent skill I For an instant tho sunlight peaks, and all tiio greon valley, swaui boforo tho ' poor, inothor'e oyes, but By a mighty offort she controlled hOrsolf. ; i: " Littlo Rommic," sho said, . solemnly clasping the boy closo to lior heart, "you: nro'niy own child, and, as Bare an. I live, aud Heaven helps tno, you shall bo your fathor'a heir; ' > . CHAPTER XVIIL : IN WHICH TnE EARL IS SATISFIED. On this solf-Bamo"; afternoon Lord Strathspoy boing nnablo to procure oven so much as n saddle-horso, wnlkod ncross tlio country to tiio shonhord's oottago. Ho was vory wonk, and his had pained him vory badly,' but tho fibrco ur.rcat at his honvt was ivorsO by far thanany bodily aufforing. . Ho was determined to find out tlio truth. Ho would never go back with out it. Yot in tlio very hoiglit of hia jealous determination lio felt angered at hiB. own folly in suffering such a ground less suspicion to tako possession of hiin. Ho reached llio coppico, aud turning sharply round its corner, camo nil of a suddeu upon a oarriago, and Colonel Gilbert Y erney strolling up and down in front of it. The two, mon recognised each otlior on tho instant, and aftor ono short breath of sqrpriso raised tlioir liata in mutual salutntion. The carl strodo on, and Colonol Vornoy took out his cigar and looked after him, growing a. nhado paler beneath liis Indian bronzo in his pity for tho poor counters, who, ho felt euro, was boing pursued by her irato husband. "What tho deuce brings hiin lioro, I wonder 1 muttorod Lord fatrallispoy, as ho hurried on, , Midway the meadow tho group bcnoatii tlio oak attracted hia nttontion. Soiho- lliing in tho graceful outlines of the woman's figure struck a chill of doadly I fear throu;h his ktari. lio pauBea, irrosoluto for tlio momont , whether to go or not. ' . ' Tho picture before him was olio of wondrous beauty.';' the great, for-sprcad-. ing troo, tho oniorald turf, llio gracoful figuro of tlio knocling womnn, and tlio littlo Aipino foundling, in _ his scarlet smock nud jaunty cap, standing botweon his two coinpnnioiis, tlio grim shcop-dog and the youim kid. Even in his sue- ponao and dumb, incomprehensible dread of, ho know not what, Lord Strathspoy felt a thrill of admiration ; and in aftor yonrs— nil, yonrs of bittor sorrow, too— lio ; iad but to closo his oyes and the lovely pastoral scono arose beforo him, framed ns it was by tho bluo peaks of tlio Alps. He stood liko ouo in n dream, watching the woman's passionate gestures. Ho saw. lior clasp tho boy to her-brenst and kiss and caress Iiiin ; ho oven caught n faint echo of hor unrestrained sobs. Presently alio rnso to licr foot nnd turned licr fnco toward 'him ; and tho Enrl of Btratlispoy .whitened to tho vory lino of death, for it was tlio fnco of his mnr wifo. For ono brief moment ho wns lost in ultcr bcwildormont, utiablo to boliovo what ho saw with lii3 town oyos. And then a sudden thought burst upon him. Ho romomborcd tlio waiting carriago, and waiting colonol, roiind tho cornor of tho coppico. , " Oh, Iloavon 1" ho groanod, " it is she, It is all truo. And he hor companion, lior old lover. Purse Jiiin I ho shall dio for it I" - Tho words scorned to hiss through his sob teeth, liia face was ghastly to look upon, liis oyos glenmod with a rago that bordered on madness. Turning on his hool ho strodo back toward tho coppico, and tho countoss, in hor bxoitcinout over tho child, hrul no ilrnrim nf hU nrnsonco. Colonel Gilbert Vornoy was pacing up nud down before liia carriage, evidontly ill at case, yot puffing at his cigar in an ominontly stoical mnnnor, whan the carl burst liko an enrangod wild boost upon him, " You unprincipled coward 1" ho criod, catching the officer by tho collar, " did you bring my wifo hore or not 1 Answer mol" , - Tlio colonel was a cool, bravo man, one who rarely over lost command of liis temper. Ho caught tho carl's hand in a grasp that seemed liko stool, and removed it quietly from his collar. " How, my lord," ho sad, calmly, "havo tho goodness to resorvo your epitliois and restrain your temper, and wo may bo ablo to como to on understand- ing." " Did yoa bving'my wifo to this plnco/" thundered Lord Strathspoy. "I took chargo of hor from Dover, nt which plnco 1 found her ill and unpro tected, answered tho colonol ; " and, 1 lie continued, in a conciliating tuna, "for hor sako I entreat you to bo calm, and listou to wiint Idinvc to Bay. " You took charge of hor from Dovor, did you I" cried tho irato peer. " AVhnt business have you taking chargo of iny wifo. you unprincipled villain 1 What is slio h ire for 1 Aiiswor mo, or it ah ill cost you your lifo." . ' . . Tlio colonol smiled quiotly, but liis grey .oyos wcro beginning to blnzo. Ilo. was hot tho man to brook abuse or insult. " You -must ask your toountess what brings" lior lioro," ho replied. "It is no affair of niino j- yot for lior sako, nnd tho lUO|H>bb A UviU,llvt| A U IIIMV- assj V v jeot and her. niotivo are alike pure aud good." _ ' ; . ' v' - -' ' . ; 'i You liol" stormcd tlio carl, nhsoluloly foaniing wit Ii; .rago. Ho good wife 1 TOuld iudulgo hi such nil csoapado as this. You nro a liar and. a coward,. Gilbert Verncy, anil 1 lull you so' . to your tcctli. ; \- " Tako caro, riiy lord, '' said tlio calonol, with au ominous flash in his stcol-like eyos. : ' ' Take daro of what 1 ;Do you thiuk I foiir i/oii,' you siioakihg c'owiii-d 'I" " iairdiStralhspdy, you shall aiiswor for your words,". roturuOd tlio colonol, iii his oiilm' tones. " Not uvon fiir'yuiir wifu's sako will .1 hear with- such iusults as this;" . - . ' . ! ' " jry wife's sako 1" : gasped Lord Ktralhspoy. . " Oh, you siioaking liound 1 you ahull pay dearly for this; Natno tho hour "aud pliico; ' and I'll put a bullot ilivdiigli your' /cowardly heart. You . a .soldier; Fall I Iff! liavo' you drummed out of your rogiment l" . A' s'ow".crimsi.in was rising in tho Indian .difiijar'a hfoiized dliaoks,' and his Oyes 'ohonoTikO-fire. -, -"-Vdry, well, ."my, -lord, " ho;, ropiiod,- LA' whon ; wo . nioet again all; this shall ho aitilod.". i' So ia shall," .retorted -tho almost in- Bano liusbnhil. aa lio strodo away. "I'll aettlo if fast ciioitgli,' by -blowing your brains out.' -I'd do it now,' 'if I only had a weapon,. Go yonder, and fetch away 'wmn- hoon nnmnmiinn." lio continued. pointing ever hia shoulder toward tho oak koneath. which his unconscious wifo still sat. "Sho is no wifo of. mine. From fcliiB hour I renounce hor forever. You may tnko licr, aud welcome, but it ahull cost you your honrb's blood/' Lord Strathspoy, uttorod tho colonel, making a stop forward, his faco expressing fcho anxiety ho felt, not for himself, but for tiio woman upon whom those corisb- quonccs would fall so heavily, " you are laboring undor a great mistako " But the earl motioned him back, with a savago gesture, and disappeared round tho coppico, reeling nt every Bfcep j-and boforo lio had gono half a milo, ho fell, as if a bullet had struck him, faco down ward .on tho groonsward of tho Tyrol valley. (TO BE CONTINUED.) Prof. Heilprlri has written a book en titled " Tho Geographical Distribution of Animals. A man recently bought a copy la order to learn why, when the distribution took place, (J'J per cent of all tho cats and dogs in the universo. was awarded to tho town in which he resides. It scorns strnngo, but it is a broathgunge fact, that there is not a city or town in the country that didn't gut U!) per . cent of the cats and dogs when the distribution of animals wns made. A prepon derance of horses and cows would have been profurnblo. 'Pleaso. sir,'' said a dilapidated speci men of humaulty, "won't .you giro me twcnty-livo cents to gut something to cat? I haven't tasted a morsel of food for two wholo days." " Vou look healthy aud strong," said the person addressed- can't you gut work "I have work. 1 am an author." " Why, then, do you folicit aims ?" " I anv writing a series oi aitichs on 'Itow to (Jet Kich,' but I wonVgct paid for them until the last one iB printed;" : - t . Better dio A beggar ihau1 live . beg- gar, 