A SEW LEASE OF LIFE. An elderly gentleman residing in the Rue* Rochechouart. Paris, who was supposed to be dead, has suddenly come to life. He has a nephew in Paris, who being duly informed of his demise repaired at once to the house with his wife to keep watch over the mortal remains of his uncle until they should be borne to their last resting place. As the lady was tired, her tir?d, her husband sent her to the drawing room to zoiiie1 repose on a sofa, and a servant having placed soino ^ine and broth on a table, he threw himself into ati armchair in the bedroom, and soon went soundly to sleep. On awaking at four in the morning he found that the broth had disappeared, and that the bottle of wine was half-empty, becoming alarmed, he went to his wife in the dravfin^-rooir,.- roused her, and told her what had happened, f?he returned to the bedroom with bun, but the pair hVd lordly reached" the door when they hs'ird a ioise: They paused on the threshold, and to iKcif con sternation a voice bade them not to be afraid but to come in. The husband entered the room,- but soon rushed out with his hair Standing on er.(L He had seen his uncle's ghost. The c/!tl man was sitting, enveloped in a sheet, on the side o? his bed. The sup posed corpse had the utmost diSculty in getting his panic-stricken relatives to tm4er stand that he was not dead after all. I airi alive !" he repeated, adding that the prepara tions for his funeral had not escaped his notice. He had been in lethargy, and, waking up. had helped himself to the broth, which had done him good. Hearing some one ap proaching, he had jumped into bed, a» he was anxious not to cause any alarm ; but Richard was himself again. He felt perfectly re covered, and certainly on closer examination the uncle's appearance by no means belied his words. The refreshment had come in most opportunely to restore him, and, as he was much pleased -with the affectionate attention which his relatives had shown him | after his supposed departure from this world, everything was soon made happy and com fortable all round. I should add that the doctor of the quarter had not yet officially confirmed the demise of the worthy uncle, who seems to have taken a new lease of life. 