Ueedless Waste. I dell you vbat it is, Rachel," said Mr Oppenheimer, " I don't like to eee dot young SfMtaenbe'mer coming to see Hsfaeeca eo much. He ain't worth nodings in the vorld, he ain't ; and be ain't got no head at all for beesnesa. I dell yon vbat it is, Bichei, id makes me grit my teeth vhenever I eee dot young man eo vriendly mit oor Eebecca." Solomon," said Mrs Oppenheimer in grave alarm, " don't grit yoar teeth at all. Don't you do it, Solomon. They don't last any too long midoui any unnecessary wear." A man in Gfekmg recently left all his money to the devil. He eaid it would go to that personage eventually, no matter to whom be left it, and be tnigbt aa well keep it in the family from the start. That man would bave made a fortune as the author of pessimistic novels. Engene Blcc, a fourteen year old lad, living in Busawartba, fell in love with a (ditter cast ol Venus which occupied a position inbis father's home. For bonis be would eit and gaze at tbe inanimate fieure, and when she failed to reciprocate his s flectionbe went into s decline. He neglected his etudies. and finally his father got mad and emssbedVenus all up into chunks. When tbe boy saw bis loved one thus harshly treated, be wait to bis room, twisted a sheet about his neck and gave op tbe ghost. It is coming to a pretty pass when a young man cannot findanything better than a statue to fall in love with, and the quicker he gees off somewhere and dies, the better it will be for him. Well, my boy, what can I do for you ?" "He mndder sent me bade wifl dis cheese and aes for me ter say dat when she wants ter o fishin'she can git sll de worms she wants n de bade yard." Tom Bigbee; Xsay, Upson, what would ou do it you had a million pounds 7 Upson Downes: Nothing. Miss Olive Oihl: Is Mr Brtgge prone to exaggerate, Mr Bmj f Mr Wilkes Barry: Weil, he's the father of a year old baby. First Dame: I had four teeth extracted yesterday. Ssoond Dame - Indeed, I did not knowyou had eo many left. . "Foot Simpson' a. year ago he was one of thirteen who sat down at a dinner." " What, is he dead t™ No; married last night." Hardhead: When f make a trade, Fagueon, i expect something to boot. .Ferguson: That is just my ease; hut t generally happens that I want to kick myself. *' What is the difference between the alloaths and . homiBapitha I" asked Nxe Cumso of ber husband. "Oh," he replied, "tbe allopaths think the homtBopaths axe not ortho-does." Teacher: When does suicide become'a crime? . -i -,-J Smart Boy: When it becomes a oonfinned »b«t." " V-.!,'. •• - Nonsense, sir; why is enieide a crime? ; . Because it injures &e; health. Qovetaess ftc little Miss E;he!, iMj^ making famous process in mythology) 'How.. Miss, Ethel, what do you r know jof ' Minerva! Ethel; Minerva waBtheGoddess of Wisdom; She never married. -"i:-!;; Yoirng Doctor B- is ma down wKh bounebe... • _ ., ,*". "j, ,. s.'^t ". *' Ydu must earn a mint of money, 'f 1^* 'liSpnd'toli^m'ohe'day..' ... t,^... ' Kot at all; my jpatiente don't pay." " Kof But tfceir iieirBought t o ^ ** 1 ' 11^ handsome." ",.." \ -^jp' • jjjs Blifiecs: Oexeis «a aflv mui wHgbfl^leasitbaa pmi ads. I wonaeTa he «a mated ^l^l^lj^pj V^tfL 