To-Morrow — A Tragedy .u; (Concluded. www Paul rushed forward. Lucy had fallen on the floor in a dead faint, her white face up turned, the holly still in her hand. " Could she have heard what we were say- ing outside I Paul exclaimed in dismay, as he knelt by her side. " I thought we spoke quite low," said his brother, almost equally aghast, his face pale and perturbed. " Tommy, run and fetch your mother ?" They left Lucy in Mrs. Norton's care, Paul only being induced to accompany his brother by his Bister- in-law's repeated assurances that it was only a fainting fit, which she knew per- teetly well how to manage. Mr. Norton's startling tale was true. There on the borders of the wood, partly screened by the bushes, the body of the stranger who had presented himself as Mr. BoreBlord at Hazelmead the day previous lay, stark and frozen, among the long, frosty grass. He bad been ahot through fc'te heart , and on search being made, a pistol was found a few yards off— a pocket derringer, small enough to be concealed in a lady's hand, but carrying the deadly, large conical ball. Was this awful deed suicide or murder? There was no sign of a struggle, nor evidenca apparant on a cursory examination to teli j the tale. Mr. Norton notified the polioe, and on their arrival the body was conveyed to 0 ia of the outhouses, to await the inquest. No letters bearing any address or giving any clue to the deceased's family or residence were found upon him. Inauiries made at the "Tiger," the nearest inn to Hazelmead, elicited that the deceased had arrived there on foot the day before, had partaken of refresh ment, asked the way to Mr. Norton's and said he wonld return to the inn to sleep ; but meanwhile before this information reached Hazelmead, Paul Norton had returned to the house. . " Is MisB Lucy better ?" was his first eager inquiry. 5" Oh, yes," replied Mrs. Norton ; " it was just a faint. _ She says she was feeling very ill this morning, as, indeed, any one could see ; and she was startled, and afraid there was something wrong when Hal called yon out of the room. She is much better now, and is lying on the dining-room sofa." Faul went to Liuoy and bent over her with tenderest inquiries and expressions of regretful fear that his overheard conversation with his brother had given her a shock, " I never thought you'd hear ue," he eaid. depreoatingly. "I am sorry I fainted and frightened you all," she murmured. " But women are weak creatures, you know," and her lips quivered suddenly into a strange smile, a pale pioam of ghastly mirth. Yes, we who are strong must be careful of you tenderer plants ; it is our place to gaard and shield you. Lucy, how I would prize the privilege of cherishing you if you would give it to me 1. I love you even mora when you are pale and ill than in health anil brightness." » Is this a time to talk of love when death ie so near 7" " Love is no child's play ; it is one of the earnest things of life— as true and real as death itself," he rejoined, gravely. " Who taught yon that 7" " Yon 1— it was you who have taught me what love is." She fixed her large gray eyes on him with a wild, despairing gaze. "I wonder would you forgst me if I were gone away forever ?" Paul's protestations were eat short by Mrs. Norton's appearsnoe with a cup of Btrong tea for Lucy. That evening, as Luoy sat with Mrs. and Miss Norton and Paul in the parlor, there was a ring at the hall door, and on its being opened, a Btrange voice was audible in col loquy with the servant— aiman's voice, rather low, with a peculiar resonant quality in its tone. Lucy glanced up with a violent start. Mrs. Norton listened a moment, then went to the door, and called : "What is it, Sarah?" " A gentleman from London wants to speak to the master, ma'am. I've shown him into the diningroom." Mr. Norton went out. Paul looked at you tremble 1 You are feeling | worsQ ?" he Asked " I'm nervous ; the least thing startles me," she answered. " You are ill, I am sure ; won't you go up stairs and lie down 7" he urged. " I think I will," she murmured. " Let me help you," he Baid, eagerly " lean on me." Jane Norton refrained from pressing her Berviees, and left Paul to lend Luoy his arm up the stairs— a support not so necessary perhaps as he thought it. Luoy did not speak until she reached her own door; then she said in a hollow voice : " Thank yon— yon are very kind to me — always. I don't think I'll oome down Btaixs again to- night." "No— don't; we shall all miBB you— but try to sleep," he said, tenderly. When Paul went down stairs, his brother, with a lighted lantern, was taking the visitor out by the tack door. " They've gone to see the body," said Mrs. Norton, with the grave and awe-strioken ex pression which seemed unnatural on her fair fresh, comely face. "Who is it?" asked Paul. His name is Daahwoed— and, Paul," lowering her voice, "he's a pclioeman in plain clothes from Scotland Yatd." " From Scotland Yard? Why, surely- there is no time for them to have got a fel low down from there already, even if they telegraphed on the instant." 611a 'No, it seems he hasn't oame about this business; he didn't know of the death. As far as I ean make oat he oame on some errand about this very Mr. Bereslord, who, it appears, isn't Mr. Beresford at all I Oh, dearl it makes my head whirl to think of I And be asked about our household; and Paul, seems curious about Lucy— asked what our governess's name waa, and how long she'd been with na,aud tfesmed to wiih l« #t>e h«. I fear we are getting tangiea up in some mystery, Paul." " Some dreadful mare's nest," he rejoined, abruptly, but wincing. « It is a deteotive's business to find mares' neBts. Of course they make enquiries about all the members of a household when a tragedy like this hap pens. But Lucy is too ill to be troubled to night ; it would be simply cruel to disturb her. She wants rest ; Fanny, you kind soul, let her have it." " I'd b8 the last one to worry her. . No doubt it is a policeman's duty to ask all sorts of questions ; but this is a dreadful affair 1" And Mrs. Norton began to weep. She went up to see the invalid presently ; and returning assured Paul chat she hadn't been worrying her at all— only bathing her forehead and talking to her, and telling her to go to bed. Excited and disturbed, they kept late hoars at Hazelmead that night. Paul was the last to go to his room. He tried to tread lightly as he passed the room wherein he imagined Lucy was sleeping; but his tiptoeing waa wasted care, for as he reached her door it opened softly, as if she had been watching for him. She stood on the threshold, still in her gray dress, her hair disordered, and her eyes dilated with a fixed intensity of gaze. " I hoped you were asleep," he said, look ing at her with tender surprise and anxiety. I shall soon be. But I thought I would say good-night to you, Panl." " My darling I" he whispered, and lonaiy and reverently kissed her. "Go to sleep, love, don't fret about anything. If there is anything to trouble you, we'll talk it over to morrow. I'll not keep you now." Good-night," she said, softly. " You have all been very kind to me. You shall know what my trouble is to-morrow." " Good-night, my darling ; sleep well," he said. A strange smile lit un her face. " Yes, I shall Bleep well," she replied. The silence of night rested like -a pall on Hazelmead. Most of the Nrrtons, weary with the exoitement of the day .slept soundly, but Paul was restless. Towards daybreak, break, however, he fell into a deep slumber, from whioh he was aroused by a sudden con sciousness of some undefined horror and dread, whieb resolved itself into a sound of hysterical sobbing somewhere — a muffled murmur of horrified voices. Paul sprang up and dressed. What new calamity had hap pened? He heard the words, "Keep the children in their rooms, and send for the doctor," and — what was that his brother answered ? " The doctor can be of no use here!" Here— where? Paul rushed out into the corridor; a moment took him to Lucy's room. Mrs. Norton started at sight of him, and instinctively stretched her arms across the door as if to keep him back. His brother, pale and horror-stricken, «tnod bv Luoy's " What is it 7" cried Paul, hoarsely. Mis. Norton could only answer by a sob, He broke past her like a madman ; he rushed, to Luoy's side, looked down on her as she lay, v/hite and rigid — the marble stillness, the livid hues of death on her faoe. One glance was enough; it was too true that no doctor could be of any use here. Life had been ex tinct for boars. A small phial, empty, nnlabelled, was found under the pillow ; on the table writing materials were scattered about as if lately used, and among them lay a letter, the direotiQij uppermost so as to eatoh the eye. It was addressed to Panl, and there, standing by his dead love's side, he read her last words. < I told you that you should know all about m ) to-morrow. So you will — no doubt of that. The hounds will tell you all when they find that I have escaped them. I am hunted j rrik i £ i uuwu at last xuua ia uuijr uuu mugc.ieK me, and they will not follow me there. I feel as if I had always known this hour would oome; and I have kept something ready for it, as you will find to-morrow. I heard Dash- wood's voice, and when he sees my face he will tell you who I am ; and he will guess what you have not suspected— that it was I who shot the man you saw as Beresford. He insulted and threatened me; I haa my little American pistol with me, and I shot him. Oh, Paul, have some mercy on my memory 1 Don't think me bad I You wouldn't if. you only knew the martyrdom in which! have ex piated my past — the hopes I had of a better life 1 And this last deed is no orime. I have rid the world of one not fit to live- He had no meroy on me, and I had none for him. Ha- was the curse of my life from first to last. I owe him worse than death for the wreck and ruin he made of me. "Believe the worst they tell yon of me— ex- cept one thing. Of the worst crime laid to my charge I am innocent. Of the murder in whioh I was accused of complicity four years ago I am as innocent as little Amy ; but who would believe it of a woman who has led my life? I was acquitted, but few really thought me innocent I I say again that lam nnooent of that. You've Been the children with me. Don't yon think their white souls would have felt it, if that had been true ? My bands were clean of blood-guiltiness— until last night. " I couldn't bear the children to be near ma to-day— it|seemed strange they didn't shrink away. I know I shall aee tham again. I might have brazened this out as I have other orises nearly as bad, but sinoe I've known you I have been changed. I have felt as I used to feel when I was an innocent girl. I might have been a good woman if I'd kuown you earlier, and had your love to lean. UpOIlt . " "As it is you have had a luoky esoape; still, a better woman could not love you more than I do. Now, good-by. Try to forgive and for get me. I never would have wronged yon, but you aie well rid of me. Do not think of me as Lydia Walbrook! I left that hated name, that accursed life behind when I oame here. Think of me only as the woman who loved you better than the life she is glad to leave— nevermore Lydia i only your lost v .< \- ' /' > - - \ I'Lucv/J Years passed away. At Hazelmead Paul's painting-room waa shut up; the dust gath ered on the deserted easel and old portfolios, and on the one picture which remained there, with its faoe turned to the wall. Home had been sweet to him once, bat now it was home no more. When he was there, the bitter waters of memory went over him ; he could not bear the associations that filled the place. Every corner was haunted by the image of the woman he had thought so good and pure, who was a sin stained waif and stray ; notorious — for it was but a few years Binee the name of Lydia Walbrook had been on every man's lips in a yet unforgotten criminal cas6. He never spoke of the blow that-crushed his heart, but the -mainspring of his'iils was broken. AJj/fiis associates found him a changed'faan. His few intimates said Among themselves that Norton had under- 'gonq/some terrible experience, and would never be the same again, He tried to devote himself to his art, but his nature was too emotional for art and ambition to fill the place of love. SuoeesB was as Dead Sea fruit to him ; and against failure, when it oame, he had no talisman of home love and faith to nnmfort him. He had sent his hopes, his faith, his very heart of life, to Bea in one frail vessel that had gone down with all on board. And so years rolled away, and ai last '11npaH struck him down; his failing hand had to lay the brush asids : and then, weak wad lonely, ha taught tf£e old ) i i i i n fi i i mad of his early days; then the tender memories of old overflowed in the bitterness of the later past ; and then he went book to Hazelmead, as they besought him to return and be oared for by bis own people— went back, as they all saw, never to leave it more. It was his fancy to have his old den arranged as his Hleeping-room. As he gave inetraa- . tions for iho moving of the iurniture. his eye dwelt on the picture leaning with its face to the wall, just as he had turned it yeara ' ago when ho went away. - "Leave it," he said. "Don't touoh if; v let it be as it has been I" So, in that room, : filled with sad memories, he lay and waited ' v ; for death ; and who shall say what ghosts - i haunted him 7 Were they all dark shadows of the tragedy and horror of the past.?— or did softer visions mingle with them, of the tender dreams and golden hopes that once were his 7— did he recall the sweet hours he had passed here before the black and bitter ' seas went over his soul ?. Often he lay and gazed at the corner wherein the unframed canvas leaned against the wall, the dust gathering on the faoe that was turned away — hidden— yet not as the faoe, whose silent image it was, was hidden in the grave-mould, beneath the ooffin-lid. ' . And one day, when all knew the end mask - be near, he pointed to the picture and said: " Turn it— set it were I oan Bee her." And his sister turned it, and swept away ' the veiling dust, and he saw again the sweet _ pale faoe, in its frame of golden hair, the ' lips of soft and subtle curve, the dreamy eyes that told no tale of tragedy, for his hand had C. not pourtrayed, because his eye had not re: . _ oignised.tbe blaok shadow of her life. And gazing at the portrait, his lips wer< ' unsealed, and he talked of her as he had donr. y iov years — spoke, not of her sins and suf- . ferings, but recalling trivial .incidents and memories of their happy days. That night. - as they watched by him, they knew his daye were numbered. He bad sunk into an un- . > consciousness that was rather stupor than sleep. At dawn he stirred, opened his eyes, , and bade them draw up the curtains and lei in the light. The chilly light o! early morn- ing fell on the portrait. He raised. himself. Bupportedin his brother's arms, and with V ! strange, wild fixity, his eyes grew to the pio- : ture his hand had painted. He spoke in i . voioe to whioh the old ring of strength - seemed magioally restored. "Where am I going— and where is she 1 Lost — lost — where are the lost souls ?" " Paul — Paul 1" his brother, replied, witl solemn emotion, "it is not for us to say. The mercy of God is infinite 1" The dews of deatli were on Paul Norton'!. v brow, his voice grew hoarse and hollow, ai - he aBked with terrible earnestness : ' Is my poor love lost ? No, no— it aannol ! ,.yr be.' Somewhere we shall meet. She said—to- morrow." Then suddenly eyss his Jit up wilt . a flash of wild and rapturous recognition ar he exclaimed: ''Not lost I— not lost I Ah. sse ! she smiles 1 Yes, to-morrow, Lucy, to morrow I" That look of strange, unearthly rapturV was on his faoe as he died; and, was i! only his delusion or did Luoy Bmiie in- 