XE IF SOUTH WALES. 4, [FEOM OCB OWN C0KRE3L'0\~DF.NT.] SYDNEY, Jan. 13. I must commence this week bv apologising to yourself, Mr. Editor, and your readers —whom I hope are manv, and will b : many, many more —for neglecting your second issue Perhaps you will say S'exeiise. s accuse;" but you would be wrong. Tiie " firewater " had nothing m do with it ; I wish it had—it v,-n,s for the want of it I had to "go under," and give work a rest for a while. 1 received your first issue in due time, and I must certainly eoiigraiu- ; late you ou its appearance, and the j public of Port Pirie, upon having a j newspaper—judging fi;om its initial • t me—that is able and willing to fight I their batdes, bring their wants pro- 1 miuentl v aud undeniably before tiie Government of the colony, expose i abuses, entire, advise—especially concerning local Government—aad la-d, but not Keast, give credit where credit is due. The Port Pine SiAVLi\in> is well spoken of iu ' .Sydney. Your humble servant hopes i that the paper will grow with the' town, and that both will assist each other in the struggle for daily exis- tence and right. In my previous letter I told you we were to have an execution. Well, we're hid it, and a more disgraceful j piece of bungling I never heard of. When the report of the execution was published in the evening papers an hour or two after the great tragedy—I use the word advisedly— in Darlinghurst the public were shocked aud stunned by the horrible : addition to the already horrible stain • forced upon the fame of New South ! Wales. Louisa Collins, the Botany j poisoner, and, as the premier evening ' paper of Sydney calls her, " the | modern Lucrezia Borgia,'' the double- 1 husband poisoner, the baby-killer, adulteress and drunkard, suffered the extreme penalty of the law on January 8. Exactly two years before, to the very date, strange to say, and within a few seconds of the same time in the morning, four M .mnt Rennieravishers were strangled in Darlinghurst Gaol. Ay, strangled ! I saw the four prisoners, with their hands bound behind them, standing j on the platform; saw the white caps j adjusted : the ropes passed over their heads; the slip-knots dexterously run up tight by " Nosey Bob," the j hangman; and as quick as lightning the lever pulled. A fall of five feet! My God! See, they are not dead; j they struggle for life ; their necks are not broken; one, nearest the pist, takes, in sheer desperation, two steps up its side, and falls back and mercifully breaks his neck. The other three slowly strangle, while the morbid sight-seers, pressmen, and others, who were compelled to be present, were actually sickened and terrified. In Louisa Collins' case the sense of the horrible was most vividly brought to bear upon the few who witnessed the execution. both before an 1 after. This woman, ; who always hd a nerve like iron, • stood firmly on the scaffold. The ; dreaded cap was placed over her head, and the rope adjusted aroun.l j her neck. Then the lever is j pulled. But it won't work ! The assistant hangman thinks for a moment. "Ah,yes, I have it! The sledge-hammer!" Tap ! Tap ! Tap ! j Thud! The woman shudders per- J eeptibly as she listens to each blow j that is sending her nearer and j nearer to her doom. " Ah ! curse ii!" mutters the hangman between ki; teeth, and with one terrific swing or" the hammer he drives the bolt out aud the woman falls. Oh! horror! God save others from such a doom ! j She is a heavy woman, over list.; the ; fall is over h feet, and her head is | a I most completely severed. What a | sight! Yet this is the law, and, j after all, I must confess, a law suited j for the punishment of a wretch who cruelly administered cleverly measured doses of poison to two husbands, sat by aud watched them slowly die writhing in the most ntense agony, forcing words of love nd endearment upon them, while at the same time she gloried in their ain, and was impatient for their eath, although she meant it to be low, to be clasped in the arms of her aramour, or to "ghost" the inurance people for the money her urdered husband was insured for. hank God, the seven children who re left bear the name of the first urdered husband, Andrews, and onsequently are free; if only to a ery slight extent, from the disonored name of Collins, and the C isgrace it carries with it. The weather savors of the Salvaion Army. It is ho;, strong, and fiery; it is sweltering, muggy, and usty, and 105 in the shade. Toay, Sunday, everybody is crying, and uffering from granulated eyelids; he atmosphere is impregnated with moke, and the sun's as red as the fe-giving fluid. Thank tbe powers, he Prospect Dam—you must tell our readers that's the place whence ydney is supplied with "water— asn't burst yet. and we have ufficient with which to dilute the hisky anp have a bath. (If you'll ait a minute I'll have a drink now. h ! that's better.) The Bine Mounain forests and jungles are being B wept by the devouring flame, and ll sorts of noxious animals are uffering accordingly. The beautiful 1-Vre-birds, too, are being disturbed, consequently easily shot. The poultry shops in the city have been j nisplaying quite a number during the i past day or two. The poultry simps | in the city have been displaying ; quite a number during the past day or two. The north bank of the Parramatta river is burning flex eel y, and along the south coast grass, heath, and scrub are alike suffering. The wind appears to have taken a delight in tormenting the people who live in the city, for it has blown the smoke from all directions, the one point of concentration being Sydney and her suburbs. Whew! another another drink. D—n the mosquitoes ! Faith. -an' it s thrue for me, they're as big as grasshoppers, indade they are. If they ain't it's all the same— they bite harder. Troubles are great iu the political world. Sir Henry Parkes and his colleagues have i-esigned in conse- ' quence of being defeated on a motion for adjournment, moved by the popular member for Gunda^ai, Jack Want, for the purpose of considering tiie alleged bad conduct of Mr. Fehon, one of the assistant Railway Commissioners, and who came from Victoria. Air. Want alleged that -^H 1 - Fehon was mixed up in the late wool frauds, the investigations and subsequent law proceedings couceriung which cost the Government many thousands of pounds, while several large firms of carriers and others, were driven to the verge of rum. The many charges made by the ubiquitous Jack are too long and too uninteresting to be given here: but suffice it that Parkes did not, or would not, believe the. allegations, and took up "his well-known highly-indignant-would-be-autocrat! cal-suiH-my-nose-in-the-air sort of an attitude, and would not deign to answer such small fry as the ex- Attorney- Geireral. He reckoned without his host, however. The quick-witted Jack said—" Well T I'll now make it a motion of censure and divide the house. He did it, with the result that he had a big majority ou liis side. Sir Henry who, I must, say is always a good loser made a funny speech, put everybody in a good humor, especially the protectionists, for whom the crisis was not more welcome than unexpectedand handed the resignation of the Ministry to tbe Governor. Jack Want was Kent for, but the amorous daci declined, because he want(ed) to go to Japan to join in acrobatic feats with the clever little almond-eyed maidens. Now came the Protecctionists' chance, for their "bully leader, G. R. Dibbs, was sent for. Oh, yes, he could'form a Ministry, even if he had to take the O'Sullivan —Waiker—Melville—Creer mob with him. However, G. R., lias done without that lot, and on Saturday afternoon, at half-past four o T clock, during the course of a ten minutes' couversatiorl with your humble servant, be stated that, bar accidents, the following would make np the team: Premier aud Colonial Secretary, Mr. G. R. Dibbs; Treasurer, Air. J. P. Gurvan; Minister for Works and Railvi^.s, Mr. James Fletcher; Minister for Mines, Mr. W. J. Lyne (these two were reversed ill the last Ministry in which they were included) ; Minister for Lands, Mr. Coplaud; Miuister for Justice, Mr. Fred Want (uncertain); Minister for Public Instruction, Mr. F. B. Suttoi-: Attorney - General, Mr. Edmund Barton, the ex-Speaker ; Postmaster-General, Mr. Hy. Clarke! Mr. J. P. Abbott would not join the team, and Mr. Nun an Melville, who would give his right hand to be a Minister, will be consoled with the Chairmanship of Committees, if his party can manage to have him elected It is rather hard to say at present what Dibbs will do, but when he gets his men together it is my opinion he will ask for supply and three months to formulate a policy. In the meantime the Protectionists will be rallied up to the highest pitch. When the three months are up, Dibbs-wifl declare Protection, will be defeated, and will go the countiy. If the country is as ripe as the Protectioaists say it, is, then it is probable the fiscal policy will be changed, However, I will keep you posted. o All household necessaries are tenibly dear in Sydney. Potatoes 4d. to 5d. per lb., and bad at that. Beef ranges from 4d. to about to -hi. per lb., and vegetables are worth their weight in gold. We arehavingquite a merry time of it. 