dram ati o Botes Amongst the passengers by the mail steamer "Rome," which left Melbourne last Friday, was Madame Lalilache (Mrs. Howard Glossop) who arrived here under engagement to Mr. Martin Simonsen, and first appeared in this city at the Opera House as Carmen on the 1st November, 1S88. Madame Lablache was wired for by Mr. Augustus Harris for his season of Italian Opera at Drury Lane Theatre. I he Silbon-Stirk Company at the Opera House have unquestionably scored a success in Melbourne, nor is it too much to say that their, entertainment is, of its kind, the best ever presented in. this city. The Silbons are not new to us, having on a former visit established their claim to be considered an exceptionally talented family of gymnasts, but the Stirks, who appeared for the first time in Melbourne on Saturday last, are .a decided and powerful acquisition, as showing every conceivable thing that can be done with the bicycle, or more wonderful still, with the uiiicycle, or veloci pede with only one wheel. The wliole-of the troupe, which numbers some thirty persons, show the perfec tion of physical training, as indeed -must necessarily be the case, for none but those endowed with the highest form. of health and physique would be able to bear the constant strain of incessaut and laborious practice incidental to the profession. Mr. F. ' E. His cocks well deserves the success attendant on his spirited enterprise, and is to be congratulated on on the large audiences it is attracting. In connection with the Silbon-Stirk troupe, we observe that a series of fashionable Saturday matinee performances are to be given, commencing to-day at 2.30: _ The Rickards company at St. George's Hall con tinues to attract good audiences with their popular specialty entertainments. Last night a complimentary benefit was given to Mr. W. A. Jinkins and Mr. J. C. Leete, respectively . the business manager and the treasurer. In addition to the ordinary performance a number of other attractions were given. Lovers of the marvellous may have their curiosity gratified at the Royal Museum, late the Waxworks, where Messrs; Washburn and Roberts open to-day with an extraordinary combination, ranging from Indian performers and singular freaks of nature to EranksLacey's performing fleas . At the Victoria Hall Mr. F. M. Clark has estab lished a diorama of Scotland, - which, supplemented by a gift distribution, attracts large numbers of visitors. The Waterloo Cyclorama continues to be a focus of attraction for sightseers, and is certainly a magnificent work of art. The decision of the Central Board of Health not to approve of the plans for the erection of. the Bijou Theatre on the original site is to be tested by the Supreme Court. On. Tuesday, Mr. Hood, on behalf of Mr. J; A. Wilson, applied for an order nisi for a mandamus to compel the board to consider and approve of the plans of the proposed theatre. Mr. Justice A'Beckett granted the order, and the case will be heard before the Full Court on Monday next. Mr. Frank Bradley gives a concert at the Town Hall to-night, on which occasion he makes his farewell appearance as an organist. We have received from Mr. J. J. Miller, a most amusing, toy puzzle, called "Pigs in Clover," which will furnish excellent, and enjoyable fireside employ ment for the children's hour. It is to be obtained at most of the stationer's shops for a shilling. D'Arcy Read is once more to the front. Good old D'Arcy. What an accomplished showman he is to be SUre. -It looks like old times to see him here in the flesh, and looking as young as ever. Oh ! I say, that'll do. Well, nearly. D'Arcy Read, do you remember playing th e Chevalier Florae with Charles Dillon as Belphegor, at the Queen's in Manchester, Oh, dear me, how many years ago ? You played juveniles then, and sang, you did, and Madame . . what a charming singing soubrette she was, to be sure. And now you , are" here again , in tills, marvellous Melbourne, with your " Ghosts," so well and favorably known to us in days not very long since gone by. You have our best wishes, old boy, we hope your venture to-night at the Hibernian Hall, may prove, what it certainly deserves, to be an unqualified success, that your friends, and we are sure their name is legion, will roll up, so as to make to-night only the precursor of many entertaining nights, and' that, above all, may not only the " Ghost"' appear— -but walk; You know what we mean.. Good luck attend you, old fellow. The triumvirate may be fairly congratulated in having exercised sound discretion in having placed ' The Bells of Haslemere " on the Royal stage, and further on the complete manner in respect of scenei'y and other accessories with which it is mounted. " The Bells " have rung their charming peal three successive weeks, and their chimes still attract large audiences. It is, indeed, one of those pieces, which can be wit nessed with pleasure and profit /ffio're than once, which cannot be said 'of all the modern dramas presented to the public now-a-days. The " Silver King " is in re hearsal at the Royal, for production after "The Bells of Haslemere." Miss Helen Kinnaird is to appear, in it. It is as natural to associate the name of Miss J ennie Lee with the part of Jo, as it. used to be to identify that of another Jo, namely Jefferson, with Rip Van Winkle, or J. C. Lambert with Sir Peter Teazle. And Miss Lee has undoubtedly made the character of the ragged street waif her own, as is amply evidenced by the well-filled houses at the Princess, night after night. Without further special mention it is sufficient to say that the play is well cast, admiralty performed, and splendidly placed. on the stage. " Jo" is to be followed by " The Grasshopper. " Let us relate a little story. A quake r, being applied to on behalf' of some deserving, .charity, said, " Yes. friend, I am sorry for him one guinea, how much art thou sorry for him." Pleaders of .the following, please take that to heart. M. St. Leon, the oldest circus manager in Australia, having catered for the public since 1851, and who has never received a benefit, has been ruined by the late floods. He had a splendidly appointed travelling circus, but he has been compelled to succumb to misfortune. It is the intention of a number of his old. friends, under these deplorable circumstances, to give him a benefit, so as to enable him to make a fresh start. The St. Leon family, it will be remembered by old playgoers, made their first appearance in Melbourne as an acrobatic troupe at the Theatre Royal, Jan. 2Sth, 1865, in an interlude. While regretting to have occasion to nulke this appeal, his friends hope that' the public will respond heartily thereto. And so say we. The complimentary benefit concert given at the Town Hall, on Saturday evening last, to Mr. N. La Feuillade, the well and favorably known violinist, by a number of friends and admirers, attracted a fairly numerous audience. The programme was an excep tionally strong one, so much so, in fact, that it had to be curtailed by several of the numbers being omitted. Mr. La Feuillade, who rendered his fantasia 011 Scotch airs, was enthusiastically received, and was honored by a' double< encore, and the other portions of the pro gramme were most creditably performed. Let us hope that the benefit will result in a substantial financial success. The Melbourne Liedertafel gave, a musical evening on Saturday last at the upper Atlienieum Hall, Mr. .Julius Herz acting as conductor. The guests com prised Sir William and Lady Robinson and suite, Mr. and Mrs. J. Forrest, of West Australia, Lady Benja min, and the Speaker of. the Legislative Assembly and Mrs. Davies. We observe that the Charles Warner Dramatic Com pany have arrived in Melbourne from Adelaide, where they have had an almost unprecedented run of success ful business. Their future movements are, just now, not definitely decided, but in all probability they will go on tour to Sandhurst, Ballarat, and other important provincial centres, then to Tasmania, and after that through New Zealand. Mr. W. H. Manning has severed his connection sis business manager to Mr. Charles Warner. Mr. Miln intends opening at the Opera House in Henry the Fifth," in September. The Lynch Family of Bellringers and Variety Com bination give their usual Saturday performance at the Atheiueum Hall this evening. " "A iiew feature in their concerts is the first appearance ' of Mr. Edwin Smith, an English harpist of repute, who has played by com mand before Her Majesty the Queen. Our Gippsland friends are to have the pleasure and benefit of a tour amongst them of the talented Maccabe, which cannot fail t« affort them the highest gratification. The Theatre Royal, Castlemaine, has been renovated, and some pretty new scenery placed therein by Mr. Venemarck. It is to be open on Saturday nights by local talent. The clevey Cogill Brothers will return to Melbourne next month. The new theatre, which it is proposed to erect at " Tom Nimn's corner," as the intersection of Bourke and Russell Streets is familiarly called, is to be' some thing out of the common. The style is to be unique in Melbourne, being designed in what may be called the Moresque or Moorish order of architecture, which belongs -to the splendid and highly ornate barbaric age of the conquest of Spain by the Moors. The theatre will, it is said, be one of the finest in the world. How is that for high," Melbourne ? The fifteenth subscription concert of the St. Kilda and Prahran Musical Society is to take place on Wednesday, Mr. Gordon Goocli acting as conductor. The " Silver King " is in' rehearsal at the Royal, for production after " The Bells of Haslemere." Miss Helen Kinnaird is to appear in it. The new drama, "The Unknown," at the Alexandra is undoubtedly a " startler," and the lovers of the sensational in dramatic literature may revel there to their heart's content. We hear of extensive prepara tion being made at this house for the production of Shakespeare's " Romeo and Juliet," with Mr. Phil Feck as Romeo . Mr. John Hennings is painting for Act 3, an open place in Verona, with the Ponto Vecchio bridge over the Adige, taken from Fromm el's Italien, also Juliet'. s chamber in the style from the Romanesque to the early / Italian gothic. All the accessories to the piece arev under the supervision of " Alta," ) The Taylor-Carringtou /company were at Stawell early in the week, playiiVg " Barnes of New York " and " The Mystery of a Hansom Gab." Signor de Beaupuis gave a farewell pianoforte recital and concert last night in the Atheiueum Hall, under the patronage of the vice-regal party, and of Sir William and Lady Clarke. The eminent "English novelist, Mr. Day id Christie Murray, is due to arrive in Melbourne on the 8th proximo, when he will commence a brief series of lectures. He will visit, the chief centres of Australia, and his tour will be under the direction of Mr. James MacMahon. : . . Miss Katie Putnam and company. have. been playing/ at Sandhurst this week,n " Fanchon " and " The Old Curiosity Shop, " to good business. They appear at Ballarat to-hight. Signor Majeroui has retired from the general managership of the Theatre 'Royal, his place being now occupied by - Mr. H. H. Vincent. Signor and Signora Majeroni are contemplating taking a company to South Africa during the coming season. There is a rumour afloat concerning the formation of, a new opera company for- India, but nothing definite is settled. The Hicks- Sawyerhnihstrel troupe, after performing in the Castlemaine district, are now touring north wards. Mr. F- E. Hiscocks has leased the Atheiueum Hall for twelve weeks from August 17th for his coming attraction, Mr. G. H. Snazelle with his "Music, Song, and Story. 