'UnifUKJ M/- ' ' 5 J 'iJ/ ioiffm.-; ; From tlie -. pa L'.';.' Curate to tlie Convent. «d V .iMi.: CHAPTER X ' n .the centre; 'controversial SUBJECT . ,. ll(;jp.mi« . - .discdssed, ;v ' ...jj As , time .advanced, and sentiments under- 0wen£dpvel, opuient, the relation of- Cornelius cBayley and Florence Rumford came to be a "seoret known, to the whole world— that is, the .jwiorld , of .Heatbfield parish and, its neighbour hood. In such a sphere events, especially of. . this kind, assume a magnitude which they do not obtain in wider fields of social converse ; and, to give all due credit to the people of this favoured locality, the subiect did not suffer any diminution of interest in their hands. It .is worthy of observation, as an ethical and porhapB a physiological fact, that the opinions expressed varied as the positions, ages, antecedents, and prospects of the par- . ties who expressed them. There were young 'ladies;, who " wondered what Mr. Bayley could see in Miss Rumford and, to counter balance this unamiable reflection, there were ,, young gentlemen " who wondered what Miss .Rumford could Bee in Mr. Bayley." There ..were ladies with daughters who expressed their satisfaction that Mr. Bayley wbb at last about to be settled, a<< their daughters could now assist him in his. various parochial institutions without the danger of forming a onneotion that did not appear desirable. , Elderly unmarried ladies assured their hearers . that they had' for a long time foreseen thiB result of Miss Rumford 's devotion to Mr. Bayley ; " so closely and determinately be sieged, he could scarcely help popping the question, poor man ! " Middle-aged .gentle men clapped' the fortunate Buitor on the hack, and cried, " Well done, Bayley 1 ' while old ones shook him cordially by the hand, and wished that be might live as long and as happily with the object of his ohoioe as they had done with the old ladies who were fortunate enough to own them. There were a few serious ones in the parish who foresaw and deplored the effect of this union upon the parish of Heathfield. Mr. Bay ley's influence for evil there would be strengthened and perpetuated. As son-in-law of the vicar he would occupy a strong posi tion, and allied in sentiment as well as in wedlock with the daughter of the vicar, and thus also having a double hold on the wife of the vicar, who oould question his authority or resist hiB will ? and in what direotion would that authority and that will be employed? No sane man could doubt that it would be on the side of RomaniBm. Mr. : Bayley was often told that he wbb playing into. the hands of the Roman Catholics, but he indignantly denied it, nay, he was infatuated enough to assert that he and bis olerioal brethren of the Bame school were the true protectors of the people ngainBt the Ohuroh of Rome, and this after hundreds had passed as easily and naturally from the poeition to which sacer dotalism had led them as a ship glides from the dock in which she has been constructed into the element destined to reoeive her. The parish and neighbourhood were already beginning to feel that b pervert to Romanism of position and wealth had taken up bis abode there. Sir John Pottinger, now filling the squire's place, had entered on possession of the Hall with the fixed determination to labour there for the interests of the Church which be and his family had joined, and he was not a man to neglect any means of accomplishing the purpose wbioh he bad taken in hand. At Oxford he had made himself conspicuous; as . a supporter of' the most advanced Ritualism, and having passed from that, as appeared to him inevitable, to full union with Rome, he was now prepared to throw all his energies into the service of hie new faith, especially in facilitating the work of perversion from the Ohuroh of Eng land to the Church of Rome. Of course he and those with whom he served viewed the condition of things under the auspices of the Rev. Cornelius Bayley with the utmoBt satisfaction. They saw that his medieval reforms, as ho called them, were unprotestantiaing the parish, and that the doctrines and practices for which the Church had become noted were leavening the people with the superstitions and ioolatries of Rome. Mr. Rumford had visited his old college friend shortly after his arrival at the Hall, and received a very cordial reception from i him and his; wife.'' iThat: was/ to' be expected, and it acted just as it was intended to do. Sir John and Lady Pottinger became intimates at the parsonage ; the young peo ple of the two families mingled together in familiar interbourse, and it was evident to the few godly ones in the parish that Pilate and Herod were once more made friends together over the act of " crucifying the Son of God afresh, and putting Him to an open shame." God had reserved to Himself two witnesses still at the parsonage— Mary Rumford and Jane Hnghes. The former had remonstrated many times against the Romanising course of things in the parish, : but ;in' vain. .'Her attachment to Mr. Steele's ministry caused her to be regarded as disaffected to her father .and mother, and while both still loved her, her father especially, who Bometimes listened to her until a tear stole down his cheek — " but what oould he do ? "—it was evident that the tender, and oordial intercourse which ought to have existed between suoh closely united ones was gone, and mutual constraint waB felt and exhibited when they met. The situation was painful on both sides, and con tact: was avoided as mnch as possible. As regarded Florence, poor Mary, who dearly loved her sister, could only weep and pray over her present dark career and still darker future. To aggravate the misohief inflicted on her and others by her new religious prinoi- ,tples,!if snoh they could be called, her disposi tion wbb undergoing. a marked change for. the worse. . Naturally, she was a high-spirited girl, frank, lively, generous, loving. Her new creed was teaching her to bow hor head like a bulrush, to be, or appear to be, very miser able, to affect a mysterious air, to be ever on the defensive, and to crush out every natural emotion of the heart. It was inducing a moroseness that ill became her, and a peevish ness of manner that seemed to be assumed as a sort of ooat of mail to proleot her from the . expostulations of former friends. In short, if the character of High Church views was to be judged from their effect on Florence Rumford, but little could be Baid in their behalf as exemplifying the religion of the lowly and loving Jesus, or as expressive of the " love, joy, peace " which it is the Spirit's office to produce in the breasts of those whom He teaches to believe that " their sins are forgiven for the name's sake of Him to whom He witnesses." It was obvioue, too, that the presure on mind and body to which this deluded girl was submitting in her daily round of services, . societies, visitings, &c.;, began to tell upon a not veYy robust fram6. The family physician considered it his duty to warn her parents against threatened mischief, and occasional lassitude, conghB, and other symptoms justi fied his alarm. As usual, however, the re monstrance was unheeded, and the misohief came. Florence was confined a couple of days to her bed, and three or four more to her room. . During this time her mother, her sister Mary, and the faithful Jane Hughes, tended her with anxious care. On Jane, however, the main part of the nursing devolved, as she never left her night or day. , When confined to her bed she sat beside her, administered her medicino, arranged her pil- low, Bpoke or read to her as she felt disposed; and, in short, left nothing undone to cheer and comfort her ; and when she was able to sit up the same devoted attendant sat with her, Bewing or knitting, and ready for any kind office to which she . might be called or might see necessary. Jane's heart was fall of one subject over which she pondered as she sat, and concerning which she was men tally much in prayer that her heavenly Father wouid guide her aright, for she yearned to tell. her. yonng mistress . what she was think ing about. An opportunity soon occurred after the I complaint had well-nigh passed away and a little weakness alone remained. Florence, who was impatient to resume her usual ' avocations, said to Jane : — " Jane, don't you think I shall be well enough to go to ohnrch on Sunday ? " " Yes, Miss Rumford," Jane replied, " I hope and trnst yon will be strong enough to ; go to churob, but, if yon are not, the Lord will hear your prayers as well here in yonr j siok- ohamber as He would in the church." "Ah, but Jane, the church is God's house, consecrated to Hib service, and the place where He meets with His people." '" I know, miss," Jane answered, " that the churob is intended for the assembling of . God's people, and the Lord Jesus has said, Where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.' Is not that true of any place where the two or three might meet in His name ? I do not wish to say a word against' churches as buildings specially set apart for God's worship . and the assembling of His' people, only ;I cannot think He is there more than anywhere . else." " That is because yon have not studied the . subject, Jane. Don't you remember; how God promised to be specially, present in the Temple at Jerusalem, and He was ? Why should not the same bo true of His temples . now ? " "Well, misB," said Jabe, "I am only an ignorant woman, bat I thank God I know something of HiB blessed Word, and there I learn that ' God dwelleth not in temples made with hands.' He is a Spirit not bound to any place, and is, therefore, to bo wor shipped everywhere. I have read that the Temple at Jerusalem, like everything else belonging to the Jews, was only figurative of the Church of God, formed of living stones, that is, His people. St. Paul, you know, miss, argues that Jewish ordinances were only shadows of good things to come." " But would it not be very hard on us Christians," Florence asked, using an argu ment whioh she had often heard, " if we shou'd be worse off in our public worship than the Jews were ? that, for example, they could feel that God was in their Temple, arid when they went there they were sure to meet with Him ; but that we, in our churches, should have no such sense of His- presence, and that we could feel no more devotional in our churches than in our drawing-rooms? " " Oh, dear Miss Rumford," Jane tenderly replied, "there is no reason why you should not feel the presence of the Lord in the drawing-room as well as in the church. Surely, miss, it iB neither the stones, nor the mortar, nor the shape of the church, reading- deBk, pulpit, communion-table, or font that brings the Lord into the church, but the presence of His people there. Excuse me, miss, but that is the great mistake that the poor ignorant Roman Catholics make who worship what they call their -, altars by con- tinually bowing down to tfaem as if God lived in these dead things. And, alas ! miss, some of our clergy are teaching their Protes tant people to copy these poor ignorant idolatrous Papists. I see Mr. Bayley and others bowing down whenever they pass tbie communion-table ." "That is not idolatry, Jane," Florence rejoined, in a slightly offended tone, " but an act of respect for the place where the holy mysteries are performed, and which the Chuf oh teaches us to regard with special veneration. Surely you wouid not have us to treat such a spot with irreverence ? " ' ! " Pardon me, Miss Rumford, but I do not think the blessed book of God teaches us anything about these performances. We are told that the Lord Jesus commanded His dieciples to do something in remembrance of Him; but it iB so simple that any body of believers, however humble, can do it— and they can do it anywhere — that is, to meet from time to time to break and eat bread together and to drink a little wine, to repre sent His body that was broken and HiB blood that was shed for them, ond while doing this to feed on His body and blood by faith in a spiritual and not in a carnal way. The Roman Catholics, I know, think that their . priest turns the bread and wine into the body and blood of Christ, but I always thought that our Churoh condemned that as supersti tion and idolatry, calling it 'a blasphemous "fable and a. cheat.' " "No, Jane," quickly replied Florence, " onr Church callB masses,' which the Romish prieBts offer for all sorts of things, ' blasphe mous fables and dangerous deceits,' buc the early Church always made a great deal of the Holy Communion, and .taught that by the words of consecration an extraordinary change took place in the elements, so that they could not be regarded as bread and wine any longer." " What are the words of consecration, miss?" asked Jane. " Why, the words used by our Lord Him self. This is my body, this is my blood.' " "Then do you really think miss, that He meant Ho was holding His body and blood in His hands, and that He gave them actually to His disciples to eat and drink ? " "Not exactly, Jane," Florence, jwho began to be a little perplexed, replied; "only we are taught 'that when we take the bread and wine we take along with them the body and blood of our Lord." " Well, then, miss," demanded Jane, " what does our Catechism mean whenitoalls the bread and wine signs of the body and blood of Christ ? They cannot be signs if they be the things themselves." This was rather a poBer ' to Florence, as it has been to others. The eign and the thing signified cannot be one and the same thing- one is the shadow and the other the substance. She thought it wise to evade the question, and asked — "Jane, don't yon believe there is a great difference between the bread and wine before consecration and after? B afore, they are merely bread and wine, afterwards they mast be something more sacred." "Well, miss, if I must tell the truth, I caunot see how there oan be any difference in the things themselves. They look, taste, smell, feel just like what they are — bread and wine, and this they do before and after they are consecrated ; and I think St. Panl calls the bread bread, and the cup the cup, after, as he says, onr Lord had spoken the words of conseoration. I think; too, that if our Lord had intended to make any diff erence in the bread and wine He would have told us so, and not left it for men calling themselves priests to pretend to perform a miracle, which, to judge by onr senses, is no miracle at all." " Then, Jane, what do yon think is the use of consecration ? " " What I think of it, miss, is that it is a setting apart of something or somebody for God's service in a spooial way, as Aaron and his sons and the vessels of the Temple were consecrated in the, time of Moses. Though they were consecrated, they were not changed. They wore set apart more particularly for God's use, bnt no one said of them that by a miracle they were transubstantiated into something else." , " But, Jane," demanded Florence, with animation, "if we take nothing in the Holy Oommunion bnt bread and wine, how oan we feed on the body and blood of Christ, as He says we must do, to be saved ? " , "You are now, miss," said Jane, "alluding to what is written in the sixth chapter of St. John, where our Lord says; " Whoso eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood hath eternal life"; but oan we say that of every one who receives the bread and wine in the Lord's Supper ? Can there be two ways of having eternal life, believing in Jesus and receiving the sacrament; or do they mean the same thing? Jesus said to Nioodemus that ' God sent His only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish; but have everlasting life,' and when the gaoler asked Panl and Silas what ho must do, to be saved, thoy.said, ' Boliovo on tho LordJoBUBChriBt, and thou Bhalt be saved.' j This is what the Bible everywhere says, 1 The Just shall live by his faith J but if it was possible to feed on the' actual body and blood ' of 'JesuB, this would not be faith/ It would be a work, and no one can be saved by works. Surely, miss," added Jane, smiling, " my stomach and my heart .are not the same. : St. Panl says that Christ ' dwells in the heart by faith,' but what Teat enters my stomaoh, but does not dwell therewithal- 'iB, does hot remain there." ' '/ " For shame; Jane;" exclaimed Florence, who seemed shocked at Jane's rather homely way of putting the case, " I Bhould be quite ashamed if Mr. Bayley was to hear of yon speaking in that way. He; would tell you that you were arguing carnajly concerning the spiritual body which Christ has on our altars." " Well then, miss, it cannot be the same as He rose and asoended with, for that was the same as ours, as He ate and drank with His diBciplee after Hie resurrection, and they saw and handled Him as a human being, so that, though He was God, He carried up to heaven a body like ours, aad if the Romanists and Ritualists have Him on their, altars, as they call them, He must be there a perfect man ; bat how that is I cannot understand, as nobody sees him there." . I' You who read your Bible so muoh, Jane;" Florence replied, with pomething of sarcasm in her tone, "ought to remember- what, our Lord said, 'Blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed.' " . ; ... . " Yes, miss, that was said to Thomas, who doubted our Lord's resurreotion; and would not believe nnlesB by the evidence of sight and touch1; but the saints of ' God in old times, ns Abraham, Jacob, Joseph, Mobsb, David, Job, Isaiah, and many otherB, believed in the resurreotion, because God had told them of One to come who was to rise by Rio own power, and who would be able to raise others, and qll God's believing ones who have lived since Christ's ascension must have believed the same without seeing, that ib, without seeing the risen Jesus; but that is very different, miss, from seeing believing it to be a man. It is just hke this, miss. . I believe there was such a man as Bonaparte, although 1 have never seen him ; but if any one brought ® bit of broken china with the likeness of Bonaparte upon it " and told me that was he, I should laugh at their stupidity. God has given me my senses, and He means that I should use them." " Well then, Jane," Florence asked, "bow are we to get Christ if we don't get him in the saoraments? Were they not left to the Church by Him as channels through whion the grace of God was to come into our souls, by which we were to be regenerated, an made partakers of Christ;' so that we inignt serve Hiin aud seoure all 1 the blessings ot n. salvation?"''-.- : : '.n John iii. 16. .f.Aourm,ffc'1't®£wr Heb. x. 38. i , Tf EptiiUii- 17. ' Jobnxx. ./'Excuse me, miBS, but that is not the teaching of OhriBt and His apostles. How very seldom did they speak of the sacraments, almost never, and now we scarcely hear or read of anything, else — I mean in High Church books and tracts and sermons. One would think that the Bible was full of sacraments, channels of grace, baptismal regeneration, the Holy Eucharist, priesthood vestments, choral services, crosses, candlesticks, and such things, but when we examine the gospels and ''.epistles, we find aothing of the kind. The Lord Jesus preached the Gospel of tho King dom to His disciples, and, when they received the . Holy Ghost, they believed, and they knew that Jesus was their Redeemer. The apostles did the same, and men and women believed, and thus felt they were children of 'God, washed in the blood of the Lamb, and entitled to the inheritance which OhriBt had purchased for them ; they did not require man to do something for them ; the Holy Ghost applied the word to their souls, and they were brought under the power of it." "I know, Jane," answered Florence, "that is your way of looking at things, but we m.UBt hear the voice of the Church. What are called evangelical views may do very well for a few enthusiastic people, but you can see how miserably they have failed in reaching the masses, who require something more than to be told Sunday after Sunday that they must believe certain doctrines which they cahhof'undersfand. Now the Church in old times was wise enough to see thst ignorant .people must be attracted by . something besides preaching hard, dry doctrines in rude, cold, barn-like churches, so they tried the effect of architecture, music, painting, sculp ture, gay decorations, and attractive services, and the people came to hear and see." " But was not this, miss," asked Jane, "man's " wisdom and not God's teaching ? and has it not led to the taming of Christ's religion into a piece of playacting, and God's ministers into playactors ? , Tire religion of Jesus is remarkable for its simplicity, and we have no right to alter it from what it is in the New Testament. If God had intended it to be made attractive to carnally minded people, He would have told us so, but He tells us just the contrary. He says it is so spiri tual that it cannot be understood or relished by carnal men, its beauties can only be spiri tually discerned.0 One thing I feel sure of, that no one will love Jesus uulesB those who feel that Ho first loved them and gave Him self for them. All the adornment of churches and ministers, and all the preaohing about the Church and the sacraments, will never make a sinner love God and hate his sin." " Do you not believe, Jane," demanded Florence with emphasis, and holding a certain friend in view, " that the High Church clergy are. remarkable for their zeal and activity in their Master's service ? I know some of them who, I believe, scarcely give themselves time for their meals, so anxious are they about .their clerical duties and the good of their people. You cannot possibly suppose that such men could lay themaelveB out to deceive others ; and then they are, generally speaking, men of such refined minds and amiable manners that one cannot help liking' them and putting confidence in them." " That may be true, miss, but our salvation does not depend on men, no matter how refined or amiable they may be, but on God, and what He has done and said. We know who has said, I Cursed is the man that trusteth in man, that maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the Lord.' f As for their activity, miss, so much the worse for their parishioners if they are leading them astray. The Apostle Paul speaks of 1 false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ. They may have beep very amiable men and very learned, besides being very aotive in carrying on their evil works, but that did not save them from the condemnation of an inspired apostle, or make them less the enemiea of Christ." "You are very severe, Jane," sharply responded Florence, for she knew that Jane did not like Mr.' Bayley, and she thought it was to him specially she was referring. "Do your religious views teaoh you to judge so harshly of your fellow-creatures, and especially of God'b servants?" — she would haye said " priests," but she knew " J ane disliked the word. " "I hope, miss, God will forgive me if I have any bitter feeling in my heart against any one," Jane replied solemnly, "but when I think of the blessed Redeemer being robbed of His glory by men calling themselves priests and pretending to offer sacrifices for eiu, when He, by His one sacrifice, has atoned for ail the sins of His people, and relieved them from all condemnation for ever, I own I do feel something like anger ; and then, dear Miss Rumford, I cannot help grieving over the sad fall from the truth of some who cnd prayed to see trusting in an all- sufficient Saviour, and feeling happy in His love, who are now the very slaves of priests and saoraments and services, and thinking they are serving God by making themselves miserable, and looking as if tbore was no hope for them. That is not what tho Bible teaches, but Romanists and Ritualists teach it for their own purpose." These last words Jane uttered in a tone that showed she could scarcely keep from Weeping. Miss Rumford felt affected at the evident distress of her faithful maid and companion, bhe remembered the days of her childhood, and the self- sacrificing labours of Jane for her and her sister's temporal and eternal interests, and she could not help seeing how tar she had departed from tho teaching of er youth. But then she did not cornpre- n" "lit teaching ; it had made no vital 1 Cor. ii. 14. f jor, Svii, 5, J 2 Cor. xi. 13. impression on her . heart ; and she boasted that Bhe never felt any serious impressions until she came under the pastoral care of Mr. Bayley, and learnt his version of Christianity. She was now moved by what Jane had said to her, but it was not that Bhe felt the truth of.it, only because she saw how deeply Jane was grieved by her new religious views, and beoause of the love and respeot which shehad for the friend of her childhood. Florence now quickly recovered, and was allowed to descend to the drawing-room, where Mr. Bayley was a frequent visitor, and at the dinner- table also. In fact, he became almost an inmate of the house, and ruled there nearly as despotically as he did in the church and parish. This did not improve him, and it , certaioly did not add to the1 happiness of at least some members of the household. Florence and her mother regarded . it as quite a matter of course, but Mr. Bumford, weak as he was sometimes, felt humiliated and mortified at the supercilious and disrespectful conduct of his curate. He seldom complained openly of his anomalous position in his own honse, but he felt it keenly, and occasionally indulged himself in an indireot kind of grnmble sufficient to show his disBatiBfaction at something, but not to declare plainly what it was. This is the usual habit of weak persons, especially of weak husbands and other heads of households who first, through want of firmness in main taining the position in which God has placed them, allow themselves to be superseded and their authority treated v/ith neglect, and tbeu go about whining and lamenting over their loBt respect, and complaining of others, when every one but themsel ves can see they deserve all the oohtempt with which they are treated. It has been well- said, "The foolish man is -always complaining of himself, the weak man of ot here; bnt the wise man avoids com plaining of either." Boasting and complain ing are both absurd, for, instead of improving the position of those who employ them, they invariably damage it. The world claims the liberty of judging us by the' light of its own observation and experience, and treats rather as an impertinence any aid whioh we attempt to give it. (To be continued) 