Before Me Curkin. Theatrical; Topics. A very largo audience attended at the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday night, when .the London MinstrelTouriMs had another change of pro gramme'. The hay-maWng set gave way 'to a picnic party, interspersed -with - songs, dances, And jokes. Amongst the other vocalists Mis* Millie Herbert and Messrs. Holland and Wadley may be specially referred to, the latter gentleman doing good service during the second half of the programme in-singing "Mary of Argyll." The second part of the programme commenced with the usual overture, well played by Mr. LindseU's orchestra. An Irish character song and dance was then given by Delowery, Craydon, Holland^ and Maher, known as " Working on the Rail way,"and presumably illustrating the life of an Irish navvy. - This number evidently delighted the audience, who vociferously applauded the four. The humor ous Dave Gardner produced considerable mer riment in [hit specialities, and a muBical farce, composed> of Datch songs and dance, and the concluding' farce were &1bo well re ceived. The Rorani brothers, in their exhibi tion,- surpassed their previous performances. Kew, feats were introduced, such as turning somersaults over the heada of eight men, pick ing up paper discB and turning through, them while ;performing a somersault, and firing off guns'and revolverswhile tumbling. The atten tion of the audience was held entirely, andtho varioualtems of the performance were greeted with prolonged applause. Mr. Frank Lincoln will make his re-appear ance at the Athenaeum TTah this evening in a | new programmed {i : ; The Silver Falls Theatrical-Company, en- I gaged for the colonies by Messrs. Williamson, I Garner, and Musgrove, arrived at' Adelaide, on ! March 28 by the R.M.S. Cuzco. AI panic occurred in the Theatre Royal, Melbourne,: on Saturday night, owing to someone in the galleries lighting & red match during the time the lights were down for stage effect. The glare of the match caused alarm to the audience, many of whom rushed to the escape doors in all parts of the house. \- Sydsey.—The Daily Telegraph of the 1st instant says: " The Glass of Fashion*1 at the Criterion Theatre on Saturday night again drew; a crowded house and Mr. Sydney Grundy's sparkling comedy was received with the success which it deserved. The piece went well from start to finish. ' There is to be a revival, for Bix nights, of James Albery's comedy, 44 The Two'Roses." "Madame Midas" again held her away over the visitors to Qer Majesty's Theatre on Satur day night. There , was a good house, and the piece went smoothly throughout.—Mr. Charles Warner has dene well to play once more the character Coupeau in " Drink," upon which his reputation as:a great artist is based, and the attendance at the Theatre Royal on Satur day witnessed the popularity of the revival. Meibocbse.—TheMelbourne^fryw of March 30 says: "Richard III." has proved a great attraction to theatregoers daring the week, the Opera Hoose having been attended nightly by large audiences. Mr. Geo. C. Miln, as an exponent of the cruel and crafty Duke of Gloucester, has achieved great popularity, and the continued performance of the play is announced. Tiio final performance of4 *Erminie'' was given at the Princess's Theatre.last even ing. • To-night "The Pirates of - Pen zance" will be revived, and "Charity Begins at Home" will .continue to be performed as an afterpiece. — Mr. Frank Thornton's season. at the. Bijou Theatre was brought* to a close laSt night, when the concluding performance was given of ««My Milliner's Bill" and "Mamma". This evening Mr. Harry 8i Maur will make his re appearance in " Bootle's Baby," an adaptation of Mr. J. S. Winter's story of the same name. —A large audience assembled at the Theatre Royal last evening to witness the final repre sentation of "The Union Jack." The spec tacular drama, "The World," will be repro duced to- night—Miss Hay Holt's drama, "Every Man for Himself," was performed at the Alexandra Theatre for the last time last evening, when there was a good attendance. The iv York World says a band of young .American ladies were anxious to found a dramatio school, and Miss Mary Anderson threw cold water on the scheme. It is stated that Haverley's Mammoth American Minstrels will visit Australia next year, j As if this promised attack of black fever were not enough, a visit from that great nigger comedian Eilly Emerson is also promised. The Australian admirers—it can hardly be added friends—of Daniel Bandmann may be interested to learn that he has at last made a hit It was at the People's Theatre, New York, in a play called 14 Austerlitz," in which mounted Cuirassiers were introduced on the stage Miss lionise Beaudet-also known in Australia—appeared as a vivatidiere. Actresses, it is said, generally have very bad feet, and those of musio-hal! artistes are distinguished by overy variety of unnatural prominence.. They are wide and unshapely. American women have the prettiest and smallest feet. A London shopkeeper says be had an American customer only recently. She wss tall and well built Twos were ber proper size. These American ladies, he remarked, often cart homo enough shoes from England to start a shop. Mr. Arthur Garner, of the Australian triumvirate, is at present in England purchas ing Australian rights of successful plays, and engaging aotoraand actresses. Among the former li said to be Mr. F; H Clynds -a good enough actor in bis way, and exceedingly popular in the English prbvirces, and at the transpontine and Fast London theatres. Mr, i ill J. Ot an rtin-Kf Clynds, on January 21, comp'eted an eight months* tour with his own company at Dumfries) f where he htd a handsome presentation :TheMunicipalComicil ofBotteidapahaying refused- to' continue the subvention if c£'i,Q0Q per annum to the German opera in' that city/ which'haa hitherto'been "paid by private sub eeriptionj an enterprising Dutch firm of cocoa manufacturers offered lately to provide the Bum V" ! on the condition that the drop curtain should bear the -words in gigantic fetters,. "-— cocoa is the best in the world." This bold, but ' net wholly disinterested, proposal to associate , the evening's entertainments with the. morn- . •' ing's repast, was, it appears, respectfully de- ' clined. rt . (■" Iron curtains appear to be in a fair way to get themselves a bad name. It. is'not long Bince the fire-proof curtain at the Shaftesbury declined to ascend; and more lately' (says the r Daily iVrira) the iron curtain at the. Opera. Comique m Paris has exhibited a still more' r." persistent obstinacy. All was ready at the ' . appointed hour for the commencement of even ing performances, when, owing, as it is said, to. some derangement of the hydraulic'tubes, it , was found impossible to raise it until the un- . i reasonable hour of a quarter-past 9.' The . ' ' spectators, who had meanwhile patiently,': feasted their eyes on nothing more diverting th'ill,a load coloured wall, fonnd what enter t&inment; they could in a selection of operatic"; musio performed by the orchestra.' Mr. Robert Buchanan's new fantastio ■ : oomedv, "That Doctor Cupid," which is hay iog a great run at the Vaudeville Theatre, and ■, the Australian rights of which have been pur- ; chased by Messrs. Williamson,' Garner, and Musgrove, shows Mr. Thomas Thorne in an . enterely new line of character! One critic says: There is not a dull moment in the whole play, and all the fun is of a good, healthy kind. The way in which Tom Thomehops; c ;> and skips about the stage would certainly not give anyone an idea that years are creeping over that gentleman's head, or that.for some. -; considerable period he has been worried by the anxieties oi theatrical management, for from begidning to end be is brimful of life and mis chief. Ail .the ladies are excellent, but especi- .... . ally so Miss Winifred Emery. Some, at least, of Mrs. Laugtry's critics do q-J not mince matters for the "Jersey Lily." In a criticism of a recent performance, the Turf,. . Field, and Earn protests its fairness, and then- : . proceeds to say that the production of Mrs. Laiigtiy'sCoghlan's "Macbeth," that once was - attributed to Shakespeare, is one of theoffences which it would be nnpardonable negligence not tonotice *, and, being noticed, nnpardonable not.:: to condemn. In the first place, while the arrangement of scenery and properties is both Btrained and commonplace, and the coetnming : grotesque, ludicrous, and cheap- looking, in eluding even Mis. Laugtry's queen's dress, with its flaunting vulgarity (of seeming mora especially when she turned her back upon the :■ audience), and its offensiveness . to- an : eye having any the least artistic, cul tnre, was in wretched taste, to put it' mfldiy. This frank notice goes on to say that' -: " Mrs. Langtry's strength! has departed from . , her, her beauty has fallen into decay, and ... - even her former tasts in dress has left her, as ' can be Been very plainly in her cheap and autre Macbeth garments. Wherefore mark the Scripture: 'If the salt has.lost its savourc ... wherewith shall it be salted F. Mrs .Langtry; 1 has long since lost not only her inspiration, but . her ambition to do anything excellent in art. . . Herein lies the main secret of her decadence as : - a caterer to public entertainment. Besides, . .. Mrs. Langtry is, by no means,.no longer either . young or youthful. . , *. We confess to .being.:: unable to say anything more apt or striking q than Macbeth (Mr. Coghlan) said - to Lady . Macbeth (Mis. Langtry), when he held out his bauds to the presumably mutilated and horri- . - fled ghost of Shakespeare, ;with..direful and. doleful look and voice: (This is a sorry sight."' u. 