Nora Creina. ,, , CHAPTER I. THE BIO FOLK AND TUB WEE POLK. Continued from our Utrt. :The shore at tlie foot of this Donegal mountain side was much broken by the Atlantic; rollers. It was a delightful series of seaside surprises. Htire the water ran uj- amid tho lovely little luylets paved with silver s»nd — places which the g iddesaes might have chosen f.ir their bathing station. There was a rampart of black rook, tip to which the uneasy sea lifted its irresis ible wives. j.\ow you trod ou the greensward, extending quite up to the water's edge, or listened to the ttrtisic of the shingle as ic mixed itself with the fragment* of the retreating billow. ' G.ibiielle an 1 N«»ra, who, though sisters, ymo companions, often wandeted ulong the nJioie. They were frequently joined by Reginild Dysart, should he chance to. s;ty them from Oieysioue House, whose toiwr, peeping above the tines, kept sentinel on the mountain side and wntois beneath. Some times the girls would be accompanied by an old lady, their grandmother, who occupied an li'onotne.l [tosL- ion in thn O'HaUoran hou.se liold, rone the less agreeable as she enjoyed a, little annuity of o*e hundred pounds a year, which she had been drawing this last twenty ? yriais. She was now nearly ti^lity years of Ago, but hale and hearty still, Hiich as you jauy find eldeily ladies ou every conn try aide Jh. Ireland. Old Mrs. O'llalloran was full of reminis cence of the past. She was a perfect miga aine of all kinds of f dry lo e. Like manv of Aer countrywomen, she devoutly believed in the tales of the ' little men and on a 1 winter's night round the fire, or on a summer's evening Hitting ou u tock, with the sea leap ing «t Ker feet, she would! tell of the wonders, of. the unseen world, by sea and land. Very mysterious, at times, was the old lady. She ^ould mutter to- herself, and ou certain days of the year sJie- retired to her room re maining closeted until next morning. Every 'act. of her life, indeed was regulated 'vitli constant reference to the supei human spirit land in which she lived. i One day, Nora, Gabrielle, Reginald and Q'Hulloran were seated under the shade ®f a cliffj looking out over Father Atlantic-, .upon which the sun was drawing long lines golden light. The monster slumbered, enly a slight sleepy heave agitating its living breaat. In the distance, the white expanse \- cf the 'Tuns,' a great shifting sandbank at ? the entrance to Lough Foyle-, bare at low 'water, was visible. It was a perfect scene : «£ peace j. aud as the group, gazrd1 and were . silent, the spirit of nature entered into them. They felt themselves part of' the great .mystery; they lived, for the moment, iu an atmosphere of dreary enchantment. Suddenly the old lady, who had been gazing intently out at (he sea, exclaimed. ' Hush* Nora, darl'int ; dou't you hear it.' u Hear what,' granny %' asked. N'omu. 'The wee man's pipe. This is Mid!- . ?.ninmei's-day,' said the grandmother,, is. a . tone of suppressed excitement. There was a silence, during which all the , party listened. Then faintly, from, air, eaith or sea, they could, not tell which', there, was the sound of inusic,. audi tho niulE-jd laughter of tiny Voices. ' S.iy nothing, or you'll frighten the good Sulk away, aud, with it, \ our luck,' whispered Mrs. O'Hallorau. The- party were silent. The- music grew a llittle louder,. It came- ium,rer,. it passed the ' - ' group, and then finally swept away out of . Seating. They continued to listen for- some time; Ikut nothing; moss- was heard. v ' fc.ureit was ' Noia Creina* they played I!' aald M us, O'Hallorau, her voice tremulous wjth emotion. ' It's goad tuck, Nora — good Lick 1 For doseut every, one know, you us ? 3Iora Creina 1' It's very odd 1' remarked Dysart, mus ingly.' 'He lit a cigar,, determined to think ~»ut. ' It must be only .fancy !' he con tinued,. ? .'- Dmi'fc say that youn^ man 1' said1 Mp. ? O'Halloran, angrily. It's many a man I've ? seen come to ruin through laughing at the good folk,' . «i'm scire I 'beg pirdon l' apologised . Reginald, in his most sut'dned muntiei. ' I \- . ./ bad never heard such a tiling before,. and it seemed odd at first, don't you know 1' ftut-tho old. ludy whs not to be appeased , lpith aoftt words., 'Some of ye yontigstjis think; ye know '? ... sime'ti us all put toi;e her with your hook v-,? . birtiiu'; But. theie's things the scholars are 'j?*, „ too. ^ise to understand, let me tell you.!!' tfsf. .! -? tihe aaid; rising... ' ' Gabrielle gave her grandiaother the- assist * . ance of her arm. Reginald and Nora came j1' , behind at a little distance.. 'Sure, an'.yoti offended my granny, Mr. ;J, . ' Bysart,' said Nora,. pouting her inviting lips, i but with a laughing look in her, eyes. — eyes \- of j»ure blue, in. which to look was to ex. ? perience the pleasure of drowning, when, as ?. we- are^f old, the sight and mind, are enchanted with visions of Paradise. Reginald, focran answer' began, to-, bum V ;/.' 'Eestia hath a beaming eye.'' / i 'Stop — stop!' cried' Nora. If granny ' ' h-esira you, she'll think your are mocking the -h \ ' feries themselves may hear, you,' she added,, n.' demurely. v- ''Since tbe f&iries; have done you ao much r'. «? honour, Nora, as to bring round, their full * orchestra to perform the piece with which your name is so olosely associated, I' swear ' ' from, henceforth to love, honour, and! obey those righ'.ly appreciative, but unseen, music -: 'inn's, '.remarked young Dysart, in a. tone of.' .'nook adieiqnUy. 'f But don't you know,' urged Nora, half , vexed) that the tradition is that he or she -fco whom the fairies play,, as they have done j ^ ^ to me, is certain of some special stroke' of.' [ 6»ck within a year an' a day. -These iiiflUence \- / the- lives of simple oountry folk like ourselves, suppose in college they, never teach you ti' Jwy thing about eommon ordinary, people — ? ways, wishes, Bnd:feelin'Bf''' said Reginald, ; who dropped. jiKe .country vernacular sometimes unt-j \- ?* ®t, other, tiuiesout of a. spirit . r,tho Cellows in the college only :flii8sed:in the country, every I 8?fc Whr, what with fai'riesand angels, '—bowing j to Nora, who gave a little toss of her head — 'the 'days of the gods seem to have returned. Pan, looking about for a place in which to take up his abode anew on earth, lit on the Green Island, at a place called Stroovo, in the country of Donegal, famous for the illicit stills and the Misses O'HaUoran, especially the enchanting and bewitching Nora I' ' There is no need for you, Mr. rysavl, to take a journey dow n south to kiss the Blarney Stone. Greystone Houso must have been built out of the same qua'y as Blarney C.istle,' retorted Miss O'HaUoran. With raillery such as this the two amused themselves, until, at a short distance, they parted at the, road which branched hotue to their seperate home*. Regiuald soon dismissed tli9 incidents of the afternoin from his thoughts ; but Nora pondered over it, cherishing in her secret soul notions which she dare not confess to liersetf. She was thoroughly convinced, however, that in one way, or the other, she was to be the heroine of some romatic episode within the magic period of 'a year and a day.' CHAPTER II. A YEAR AND A DAY. In these latter times, to notice what was said and written about Ireland, one might fancy that the fun aud life had gone out of the country ; that not a smile, nor a d»nce, nor a joke was left in it. But it is not the the domestic life of a country which usually Gnds its way to tlie knowledge of the stranger : within or without the nates. It is tho loutl chatter of politics, which, after all, ate the merest fiinge on tho life of any nation. At home tLe old jieople live from yout h to age, 'scarcely changing an opinion of their earliest years. The young enjoy themselves after their kind. They dream lonoancei^ tlie future is bathed in tke golden light of im agination and inexperience. Human nature ia much the same in all ages and countries within historic times. It is simply modified bv surroundinas and hv worldly station. Twelve mouths had passed since last we saw thn O'Halleran family and their iriend Reginald Dysart. They had known much of one ano-tUftr in the meantime, and of two, at any rate, Nora and Reginald— the feeling of interest bad growu and deepened, until it hnsl indeed, become a sentiment of aftee-iion. There were iswny obstacles to. the tipeniug of such a mutual attribute — religion, posiliun, all tbe social pressure of' a small community in which everybody knows everyone ©lse's affairs, aud hastens to make the neigKbonis as wise as themselves. Still, when twoyount; people, active, handsome,, fancy-free, come within each other's knowledge in a country district, what is to be expected! There is commonly either a disaster or a romantically happy termination. Too often it is a disaster, for with tlie rich there is frequently ono standard of honor towards those of theic-own station, and Knottier towards those whom they consider beneath them sociall)-. On the day following, the lap-etS year, Br- ginald,. Nora, and old Mrs;. O'Halloran once mo- e found themselves on the sea shore, where the mystic music of the fays had been heard. Dysart would never admit to. him self that it had been anything beyond the fancy of his companions, excited! by the emo-ional natuie of their elderly lelatim It was not however by chance they sat on the rock washed by the A tlantic this inid- siMnmer afternoon. R giiiald aud Nora had. planned if. i'hey easily persunded Mrs. O'Halloran to. laud her- company,. Li ' tie was siid by any ef the three-. Tlw old lady talked to h erf. elf of past times and experiences. Nora and Reginald, side bv sidtrh alternately gaz^d at the- sea and at e ehi oilier; he Bitting a Mtftla belo.w her on i he- rock. Oiice mote the Atlantic- was a bur nished sliest,. The opposite- shores of the: county of' I.oiidon lerrv stood out in bold and. unaccustomed relief.. Afar ou the heatmist, concealed the Fortitude Island^,, which; at certain seasons, the people of these coasto imagine are s--en. only lo disappear again for years,, or cycles of years. Presently Mrs. 0!iialToran assumed1' the stifi', attentive attitude common with elderly pe plo when their interest is gieatly aroused. ' There it is I' she muttered.. ' I knew would come..' A flush of excitement came-into the cheek of Reginald, Dysart. He strained bis atten i lion to the- utuionfa,. but Eon- the moment could: hear nothing.. At length he exclaimed to- Norai who sat, as pain as a ghost, also eaueily listening, 'Yes; there-itris !: Don't you hear it Nora 1 They're pi -tying Nora Gieiiia.' 'No,' said Nora,, faintly, ' I donft hear , Neareii' and1 nearer came fche- nnwic.. It passed- by as befo e, wii'h tilie s iuud of laogh . ten- and the soft p . tier of tiny feet, and faded away in the distance. ' ' Good. God I; Nora* what's tha- matter 1.' said Dysai t,. springing to. the aide uf. his com panion. She had fainted through, the- oreratraihod exsitemunt of the moment.. I ' Oh, ay,!' said the grandmother, looking up heedlessly ;. ' she'll' come round; X knew it would play.. The-good folks never fail.' Reginald rubbed the hands of his oompan ioi-aud in a moment or two thn culouuc.mie bacic to her' cheeks. She smiled, and- said„ 'And you. were there too- Reginald.!' ' Where 1' he-asked amazed.. ' Why, of course,. at the fairied* ball; We danced, together ;. and then — and then,' she continued,.'' over.) thing, seemed to fade away, add I found myself here. We could not have been long there,' ' could.' wu 1!' ' No,' said lie 'considering that the music struck up, half a minute ago,. and; that is the exact period' during: which y.ou so uncere moniously abseuted.your self from, our com pany.' ' It's very odd;' she observed. ' Bubl'in oertaiu we were there.' ' And I'll swear it I' he remarked; em phatically. ' I heardithe patter of our feet just as the music -was loudest. I. oould dis tinguish my particular tread just a trifle heavier than yours.' '?Don't, mock,, Reginald. It's serious,' ishe saidj ih a quief^ restrained voice;. i M'ra. O'Halloran had taken no notioe of. anything sinoe- her. last observation, She 1 had i gazed steadfastly on. the- sea-, all. the jwitilet t&lkibg;,to herself,. . At length she rose. ?' Oomp, child ten,' she said. It. was the firist time she had included Dysart. in that term. The Catholic Celtn, while polite and aff.ible, yet preserve a certain well-defined reserve for thoso not of their creed, race, or bousehold. They rose, and each giving an arm to the old lady, the party slowly made their way back to O'Halloran's farm. TO BE CONTINUED, 