WHEN THE PAST IS A DREAM - Original Tale, written expressly for our Columns, by M. C. Finey. CHAPTER XIII. Somewhat of Friendship and Love. ALTER ORLANDE had been over to Ellicevale to tell his neighbours of the nWm\nk exPe(Jted arrival of his brother Dick, $fp was eldest son of the family, and managed his father's Queensland estates. There were cattle to bring down to the Adelaide market, and he thought it best to see them through himself, so it would not be long before be was once again in the old home with them all. No one was more thoroughly delighted than Walter ; and he teased father, and worried his mother, until they besought him to go out and let them have a little peace. Of course, if he went out it could only be to Ellicevale, and there he had vented his good spirits in singing with Kate and laughing with Grace until visitors had arrived, and he had beat a hasty retreat, begging Grace to 4 leave the blooming people ' and go out to the river with him. There, half expecting her, he was waiting on the bridge, throwing leaves into the water when George Clarke passed. Walter hailed him at once to tell his news, and of course to ask his busi ness at Ellicevale ; that was only right, considering the friendly footing he was on with the 0' Council's. 4 George, you are not yourself ; what has happened, nothing wrong at Glenroy ?' he asked, seeing George looked uncommonly glum ; but he only called forth a contemptuous grunt, which roused his interest at once. 4 George, something is wrong ; what is it ; where have you been ?' and he rushed after him and caught hold of his arm. 4 You might tell me, George ; you know I am your best friend.' 4 Friend 1 don't tell me about friends ; I ain't got none, I don't believe ;' and George shook the hand off his arm, and walked sulkily on. Walter smiled to himself ; but knowing his subject well, pressed the question. 4 Now look here, George, if you don't tell me what has happened to you I will never — never — buck you in a fight again as long as 1 live.' There was wavering in the glance turned upon him ; so Walter continued, 4 now do tell me the disturbance like a good fellow, and I will try to help you.' 4 There ain't no help wanted when the job's done, and he finished mine yesterday ; gived me the sack.' 4 Oh 1' Walter walked on in silence ; he was sorry to hear the information, and not surprised it was sulkily given ; he wondered indeed how he could help in the case. 4 Why was it, George ? You ought to tell me the circumstances so that 1 can tell for myself what is best- to be done : I might be able to find you another place, you know ;' and he spoke cheerfully to encourage his companion. 4 That ain't here nor there ; when a man gets the sack straight off, after years a' faithful work, he finds it hard, 'specially when it ain't fair play ; and I would just like to tell the gaffer so to his face. Don't he ever want no holiday that he chucks a chap out of work 'cause he gets on a bit of a spree once in a while. And he's ruined my crackter, that's what he's done, ruined my crackter.' Drunken sod, them's the very words he used, 4 he ain't going to pay for pounding his cattle and pay a drunken sod for minding them ;' and Jim Wilton, from Warakara pound, standin' by to hear it. Knock him down, that's what 1 would a' liked to do. Suppose 1 had, which of us would yer a' backed in the fight ?' he asked, turning suddenly on Walter, who couldn't refrain from a smile, and went afield for an answer to so pertinent a question. 4 You had better not get yourself into more of a mess just now, and perhaps things will come all right again. In the meanwhile men are wanted everywhere these busy times ; Mr. O'Connell wants some, I know.' 4 1 am going over now, to see if he'll take me on. I want to get over before Mr. Glyde, or he'll be setting him against me, and I know he thinks twice before he takes a man on." 4 Do be charitable, George ; you know very well, Mr. Glyde will not go out of his way to injure you, and when you go back to Glenroy just tell Mr. Laurith I want him to come over to Calita to-night.' 4 Yes, I'll tell the young gentleman you want to see him, Mr. Walter, and I'll be glad to do it for you. 'Taint often you meet one in the bush as free and friendly as Mr. Laurith is ; there never has been the times at Glenroy before aB since he came there. Mrs. Sharon, she doesn't know what she is doing sometimes, and she says to me one day, she says, 4 well now, George, just look here ; listening to the young gentle man laughing, if 1 ain't been and put the potatoes in the pudding and the apples in the pot.' And then I fell to a laughing at her, and she couldn't help laugh ing ; and then Mr. Laurith he heard the row, and he comes out, and nothin' wouldn't do but he'd know what it was all about. 4 There ain't much fun here, says he ; 4 and what there is I'm not going to be out of ;' and so Mrs. Sharon, she just had to tell him what it was all about. And he laughs, oh, didn't he laugh ; and 4 leave it just as it is,' says he, 4 I'll see how my uncle likes it that way.' So there was Mrs. Sharon frightened out of her life for what the gaffer 'ud say. seeing the pud din' come up ; but the young gentleman he just managed so that not a word was spoke to her, and he gived her the worth of the fun, as he said, and hoped she'd buy a new dress on his wedding day.' 4 What 1 he isn't going to be married, is he ?' 4 Well, not exactly ; that is, not just at present; but some day, as Mrs. Sharon says to him, 4 and when will that happy day come for the young lady ?' She says and he says just like this, yer see, 4 well, just as soon as I can persuade her it will be a happy day for her. And then yer see, he turns round with a kind of a sigh, like, and walks out quickly, and Mrs, Sharon and me, we just looks at each other, and I winks with one eye and goes out too, for 'taint no good talking to women about what you might just know accidental, yer see.' No, I don't just sec; and I would like to know what you mean ?' Walter asked, putting his foot on a log, where the road turned off to Calita, and looking his friend straight in the face. George, whose genius was for remembering and repeating word for word every conversation he ever heard or took part in, had quite forgotten his bad temper, and was only too ready to tell all he could of Rupert Laurith and his occupations at Glenroy. He nodded his head, looking very wise, aB he an swered slowly, 4 Well, 'taint so much what I know as what I believe I know that makes me suspect he has his eye on the prettiest girl I ever wished to see, and one that doesn't live far from here.' 4 You mean Miss O'Connell?' Walter interposed, impulsively. 4 If you ask me straight out, then I do mean Grace O'Connell, as I told Mr. Laurith the very first time he saw her, 4 the nicest girl in Warakara, and as good as you'd wish to meet anywhere.' And not many days ago ho told me — 4 George,' he says, 4 you're a good fellow, and the best judge of beauty I know.' And then I says, like, for E knew well what he was thinking of, for he just looked up at Miss Grace in the picture he made of her as he was speaking ; so I says to him, if I may be so bold, sir, you think a lot of Miss Grace yerself, don't yer, now?' And he says quite natural like and friendly, 4 well, yes, I do, George, and I am likely to go on thinking a lot of her.' And then, Mr. Glyde, he comes in, and I thought I'd best go out and harness the horses, as they was waiting to go out with 'em, so I didn't hear no more then ; but many's the time he has a yarn with me, and I always find Miss Grace comes into it some way or another.' He would fain have related some of the said yarns, but it struck Walter that he ought not to encourage a dismissed station hand to discuss his friend's love affairs with him ; so he cut his confidences rather short, and giving him some good advice about his future con duct at Glenroy, pursued his way to Calita. At first he thought he had better not take any notice of George's idle talk, but his love of fun and talking forbid him ever to keep anything to himself, and before tea was over all the family knew that George suspected Mr. Laurith of having fallen in love with Grace O'Connell. 4 Oh, I hope he has 1' Laura exclaimed, joyfully, 4 1 wish he would marry her, and then he would stay here always, and we could often have dances.' Philip looked up from his plate and stared at her. 4 Do you think married men have nothing to do but dance, and you little simpleton, if he were married what on earth do you think would keep him here?' 4 Why, Grace, of course, you don't think he would be so unkind as to take her away from Kate, and us, and Ellicevale, and everything ?' 4 Umph I a lot you know about everything ; he's everything when he's married, and there is nothing to keep him here.' 4 But he stays here now, and did not find it dull, even before Mr; Glyde came back,' 4 1 don't suppose he did, considering he lived at Ellice vale all the time.' 4 Did he, really, Philip ? I thought he was at Glenroy. I wonder Kate did not tell me he was stay ing there.' 4 Don't heed what he says, Laura, he is only talking nonsense,' cried Walter. 4 He means the thing poeti cally, you know ; 4 where my heart is, there muBt I be,' or something of that sort, he knows all about that sort of thing, but you must grow up before you can under stand it.' 4 1 am pretty well grown up now, I think, and I believe I know as much about love as you do.' 4 There, I believe you are right, child, quite right ;' and Philip patted her head aB he passed, on the way to his own room to brood over his feelings. Walter, who had not the slightest, compunction in bringing Rupert Laurith over on the most trivial pre text, had spent a lively evening in his company, and offered to go part of the way home with him. He was very glad of Rupert's company just now, for there was not much to be done on the station and Philip had not been very sociable of late, so Rupert, ever joyous and friendly, was made the most of, and besought to lengthen his stay on every occasion. As Walter put it, 4 you might sacrifice yourself a little to your uncle, he must be so glad to have you with him.' Rupert slightly shrugged his shoulders. 4 I am not sure, he does not press me to stay much, I must con fess ; I suppose he has become so accustomed to the station routine that people coming or going have small effect upon him, even his sister's son,' be added, laugh- i ing ; and threw away his cigar to whistle, a habit he , had wheu his mind was disturbed in any way. 4 One would almost think you had disagreed ?' Walter remarked, his keen perceptions exercised at once. 4 As a matter of fact wo did disagree the other day, although not as you infer ; it was about old George. My uncle was rather hard on him and I took up his cause, a mere matter of duty, as I considered myself responsible for his bad conduct in a manner. You see, the few days I was here before my uncle came home I waB thrown a good bit into the society of the station hands to save myself from forgetting the way to talk, and that led to rather free tips all round, and it seems our friend hoarded the small donations until he could get to W arakara and indulge his special weakness, which he must have rather underrated, for some cattle he waB supposed to be bringing home were found in the pound a few days afterwards, and there was rather a long account to settle, so my uncle gave him a summary dismissal, and would not hear of reinstating him, all my soft persuasions were of no avail. He went over to Ellicevale to-day, I believe, to see if Mr. O'Connell would give him employment, he seems to think Miss O'Connell could get something for him.' 4 He thinks Grace is capable of anything, I believe. I suppose he has told you about the time she saved his situation for him ?' 4 No, I do not remember that he has.' 4 What 1 not told you that, it is his standard theme ; though perhaps he would not tell you anything to his own discredit, but Grace went in strong for him once. I'll tell you how it happened. Despite their good friendship, Grace and Mr. Glyde are always disagreeing over something or other, and they had been having a very warm argument one evening, in which Grace had been worsted considerably, when Mr. Glyde told them how he had heard that George had gone to Warakara, and was staying there drinking instead of fetching home some cattle he had been sent for, and that the cattle had broken into Mayfield's paddock and were running riot there. He added that he was determined, if it turned out to be true, to dismiss George without a day's warning. 4 1 told him I wanted those cattle brought in to-day, and if they are not in the north paddock in the morning I shall send him off at once and not be sorry to get rid of him, he has brought me into trouble more than once by neglecting his duty through drinking.' When Grace heard that I suppose the spirit of mis chief suggested a way to work off her ill-humour, and whispering to Kate, 4 don't make a fuss about me, I'll be back in good time,' she left the room to go outside and get her horse saddled, then taking Ralph with her (he is a small boy they used to have for odd jobs and messages) she galloped all the way to Warakara, and sent him into the hotel to see if George was there. Of course he was ; he always is when he gets a chance. And then she told Ralph to say he was to come out for her to speak to, and when he did she told him that if he didn't want to be dismissed he had better come with her at once, as the cattle were doing no end of mischief, and there was every chance of a terrible row the next day. He was terrified, and got onto his horse at once. Of course he was only half sensible, and I think to this day scarcely knows how they took him home ; but the cattle were in the north paddock next morning, and only a few had been into Mayfield's, so they never heard anything from that quarter. But George has been a devoted slave to Grace ever since, and not quite so devoted to drink, I think. Whether it waB the fright he had that night or the good lecture from Mr. Glyde afterwards, for of course he heard of the escapade, I shouldn't like to have to decide.' 4 Everyone knows of it, then ? It was a singular thing for a young lady to do.' 4 It was great fun,' Grace said ; a lovely moonlight night is just the time for a gallop.' 4 But on such an errand ; was it long ago ?' 4 Two or three years ago. I was still at school ; but she told me all about it once after I came home. George often goes over the subject ; but I am not surprised at that ; it really was a plucky thing for her to do.' 4 Yes, it was ; but I do not think her courage has a limit.' 4 And when you have known her as long as I have, you will be sure of it,' Walter exclaimed, triumphantly. 4 There is not such a jolly brave girl in all the world, and she is awfully clever, too ; gets to the bottom of politics before my father can, so he says.' 4 1 do not care for political women,' Rupert remarked, coolly ; and the subject dropped. But talking of it stirred all Walter's recollections of wild pranks played with Grace through a boisterous boyhood ; and as he retraced his steps he was full of sorrow that his daring ever-ready companion had mysteriously put away childish things and slid into the more decorous behaviour befitting a young lady. 4 And they talk seriously of her marrying,' he mut tered. 4 1 might as well think of it myself. I don't believe Rupert is really in love with her 1 And surely she would have told me if she thought so. Certainly he would persist in coming home from the races when I did, although it was plain Mr. Glyde didn't want him to. And he does make a good many sketches of her ; but then he painted a really good portrait of Kate. Why, Kate doesn't think of marrying, how can Grace ? George is an old idiot to make such a lot out of nothing. Fancy never having any more rides or 'possum-hunts, or rowing with dear old Grace. I think I should die if she left Ellicevale to go and settle down into a humdrum society married life. How hot the night is. I couldn't laugh if I tried, although the prospect is so ridiculous. I'll tell Grace to-morrow ; it is sure to amuse her. I wonder why I feel so much as if the trees were full of spirits, and the ghost of somebody seems to be walking beside me. I'd run and shake it off if the night were not so hot.' (To be Continued.) 