Jap ll)? se Slperstlsliicucs. The household superstitions of Japan are very numerous. They are harmless; often exciting laughter; yefso entrenched are they in the household that religion, argument, even ridicule can not destroy them. Some of these superstitions have a moral or educa. tional purpose, incnleatinglessons of benevo lence, neatness and habits of cleanliness. A room is never swept immediately after the departure of theinmate for fear of sweeping out the luck. At a marriage ceremony neither the bride nor the groom wears any clothing of a purple color lest their marriage be soon dissolved, purple being a color most liable to fade. If the cup of medicine is up set by accident during the illness of a person it is a sunre sign of recovery. This looks as it the Japanese had faith in our proverb, "Throw physic to the dogs." There are some curions ideas in regard to the finger nails. They must not be out before starting on a journey lest disgrace fall upon the per. son at his destination. Neither should they be cut at night, lest cat's claws should grow out. Children who throw the paring of the nails into the fire are in danger of some great calamity. If a piece should fly into the fire while cutting the person will soon die. The howling of a dog portends death. If a woman steps over an egg-shell she will go mad; if over a razor it will become dull; if over a whetstone it will break. If a man should set his hair on fire he will go mad. Children are told if they tell a lie an eni (imp) will pull out their tongues. The wholesome terror of the oui, standing ready to run away with his tongue, has caused many a Japanese youth to speak the truth. The Japanese have a horror of the dark ness; they always keep a light turning to ward off ghosts. The junkmen believe in a ghost who comes to them and politely asks to borrow a dipper. The answer decides the fate of the jofkman. If a dipper with a bottom is bestowed upon the ghost, he uses it to bail water enough to swamp the junk, abut if the bottom can be knocked out and thrown at him he disappears. In this last case the act moust be accompanird by an in cantation, or the ghost turns into a sea cappa-a many-clawed monster-who will drag the junk to the bottom. The Japanese are a gentle, sensitive race, very much under the influence of their emotions. Love with them is a serious matter, often one of life or death. Disap pointment in love or desertion frequently ends in suicide. Sometimes the girl becomes an avenger and implores the gods to curse or visit wish death the destroyer of her peace. The passions which thrill and torment the human soul are as intense in far-away Japan as in thoseolands which boast a higher civilisation. 