CHAPTER XXV. TUB JITSTEHIOUS FOE AGAIN. Tho Countess of Strathspey fouDd herself hedged in with difficulties on every hand. The estates of Aukland Oaks, and the French chateau were her own, but there was no availablo money, and it required cash in abundance to institute and carry on a lawsuit. Moreover, when she went to her lawyer, Sir Henry Galbraith, with a great many apologies, and in very polite phrase, he de clined to take the case in hand. He had never lost a caso, and lie did not caro to lose one. Hers was simply hopeless. The Earl of Strathspey had accepted and acknowledged one child as his own, and there wa3 not tho least proof in the world to establish tho claims of this other one. Nothing but the fact that ho had a similar birth mark. A dozen children in tho kingdom might have the same thing ! It was a weak case, and ho was forced to decline either advice ors.ctidn in regard to it. . The countess went away bitterly disappointed, yet forced to acknowledge the truth of what the lawyer had Baid. She had no heart to mako an other effort. The winter went by slowly and drearily at Auk land Oaks. ' Hark days and dismal nights to poor, heart-lirokon Judith and her lady. And spring brought them no hope. The young foliage began to sprout upon the oak boughs, and tlio Kentish hop-liclds to grow green in tho g9nial sunlight, but for these two there came no rift of light, no ray of Lady Strathspoy made no effort to see her own children. Her husband’s decree could not bo dis obeyed. Much ns she hungered, in V> motherly tenderness, for little Pearl, even for poor, sallow chooked Angus, she made no effort to see them, and Lady Neville sent her no tidings in regard to With tho opening of tho warm weather, sho and Judith journeyed 4«rn to Dover, and across tho Channel, and intoWio green valley of ;the Tyrol. Tho shepherd’s cottage was unchanged. The old man and his wife still lived, and little Romnlus was growing to bo a lino lad, Btout and sturdy, and very handsome in his Saxon fairness; and with every year tho mark upon his fair, round arm, grew deeper and ruddier. But the old woman had a strasgo story to tell. “ Only a week before,” said sho, “ a strange woman had been there, a handsomrfSvoman, dark and tall, but with a wicked look in her eyes. Sho wanted to see the child the Countess of Strath spey had sent her. Little Romulus was called up and paraded before her, and she stared at him as if he were a ghost, her face growing whito, and her limbs shaking under bar. Then sho went away, but the next day she returned, and said the countess wished the boy to bo brought to England, and had sent her to pay the old people for their trouble and take him away. But the old people refused to give him up, and held on to him in tho face of all this strange, dark woman could say Lady Strathspey grow whito with terror, as sho heard this story, and she drew the child to her bosom with a convulsive clasp. “ My darling, you are all I have," bIio sobbed, ‘and they would rob me of you.’ ‘And yon did not send the strango woman then, my lady questioned the old man. • Send her J Oh, no, no !’ cried the countess j ■“ it is some vile conspiracy, some cruel falsehood, to get him out of the way. But they shall not, they shall not have him I My own boy, my darling, my darling I' Romulus looked' itp with wondering eyes, only dimly comprehending tho cause of tho beautiful lady’s tears, and listened grnvoly while tho countess and the old couple discussed their plans for tho future. Lady Strathspey desired to .take the boy to hJngland, and deeply as it grieved them to give him up, they thought it would bo hotter, lie might bo stolen from them, and it was time, as his mother said, that his education was being cared for. Their arrangements were mado accordingly, and after a few day’s sojourn in tho valley, the morrow was appointed for their departure* " The afternoon was unspeakably lovely. A. Bray afternoon amid the sunlight Alpine peaks. Lady Strathspey took her little boy by the hand and started out for a walk, leaving Judith to assist the old woman in her evening labors. She strolled along the edge of tho valley, tho great mountain peaks towering above her, little Romulus gather ing blossoms and skipping pebbles, and Wolf, the grim sheep-dog, tottering along behind. Hie boy ran on shouting, and laughing, and shaking the blonde ringlets over bis bright blue eyes ; such n handsome, manly little fellow, so liko his father, the husband who had wronged and insulted her cruelly. The countess.watched him, her heart swelling and her eyes overflowing, with Presently they camo to a lovely little nook at ttio very foot of a great cliff, a mossy bed all over grown with wild blossoms and red berries. Lady Strathspey sat down on an arching rock, while Romulus gathered tho berries and blossoms and twined them into a garland for V»rolf’s neck. The afternoon sunshine streamed around them in riftB of gold, and tho murmur of the river and tho ; notes of tho ring-dove filled their ears with ! music. In a little while a flock of goats came bleating on their way to the cottage fold. Wolf pricked np his cars and stared after them, and little Romulus followed, shouting and laughing at the frolicsome gambols of the kids. Smiling sadly, the countess arosoto follow, when all at once, as if the yawning mountain had sent it forth, a black figure arose before her, a tall, shadowy figure, with a wild, unearthly face. ‘Countess of Strathspey, ’ it cried, with that same mocking laugh, in that same terrible voice sho so well remembered, ‘ have not my jwords come true ? You are robbed of your wealth and titlesf scorned by your husband, and derided by tho world. My hour lias como,’ Lady Strathspey reeled back against the rocks half-fainting in her terrible fright; but a shrill ery, a child s cry, aroused her. Siie started for ward just in [time to ecc the black-robed figaro disappear round the cliff, bearing little Romulus in its arra3. Tho boy was struggling to get free and his cap had fallen off, leaving his fair head bare. The poor mother never forgot that sight. With one wild shriek of agony sho darted a'ter them, but when sho turned round the base of the cliff they were nowhere to bo seen. Wolf, the sheepdog, leaving his caro of tho goats, started off in pursuit, keeping Ilia nose to the ground and baying deeply. But the scent seemed to bailie him. In the green valley beyond tho olift there was nothing to be seen but the browsing goats and the peaceful May sunshine ; and the poor animal, conscious it seemed that his little playmate was gone, ran back to the spot where his cap Isy, and crouching down beside it, howled mournfully. Lady Strathspey mado her way back to tho cottnga a ltd told her terrible story. Tho ol.i man started out and summoned his neighbors to help him. All night long, from the rising to tho setting of tho stars, they hunted, scouring (he valleys, climbing the bold cliffs, peering iuto the rocky caverns, but little Romulus could not bo found. 