-L' f'tRA Gr CWA11tsii 'At the invitation of a frie't I pro Sceedil throulghi dense _:snl on Knia Eve towardi the southt f laragiul, to fulfil n 'promise ma.idc ,,m- time pres vions, to .',ud t]?i .itntass tide with 'my friends in- he old-titie English way.. Well, C.r traversring to?rougl innumorab!e clearings and scrub land, I, St "laft,-ioed my friend's ubode-: a very iominatic , pot; surrouniled by a cr e of tarl eucalypti trues, with the -cmipani:.g. tindergrowt1h, making :n my mind a most di munl and weird oking scene, as. viewer by twilight. ' Having arrived, and' been warmly welcomed; the usual Xilas greetings -being exclhanged, :b;- ;both old' and young,, I: was next ushered into the i'itchen, and there I found a table well spread with.all the delicacies of the season; and therein the corner of the rooim, ini a cepaciousfireplace, was the red-gum n (yule) .log,. .withi seats'run ning along' each side, lwhereoii sat joyous :lads and lasses. : As the dog shot .dout. a ruddy blaze, anon dying into'a pale yellow light, a feeling both strange and unnatural seemed to seize hold of me, and niethought, as the ghost stories proceeded by the thought less young folks around, I was wafted ori some favorite witch's broom, to :a stend even more brilliaut, where were the faces of familiar friends, all hurry ing along preceded by a procession of fairies, with banners flying and shouts of -music," all making for one given point. Then, suddenly, all seemed to' fade away,''and a' load seemed to bl' lifted "from off' my mind, as I found' that I had been. dreaminig an antici pation of the Temperance picnic to-i morrow. r -HOLLOWATr s'.' OnsT -An, PLLS aiS beyond all doubt tliemost valuable ai inds?' cpnvenient muodAioinoe t?? trarller'can take across the seas to distant climes, for. change of'climate and the new conditions end sur rotindings of life'to which they will be exposed will assuredly give' rise to great disturbances of the, system and to such. especial :morbid staics of the blood and constitution generally as im"reuder, the 'use' of these. effectual reijuedies highly necessary, for they will find in them .a ready and safe means of relief in most oqfthe diseases which afflict the hnman race, and with them at hand they may be said lo have a physician always at their call. 'The non 'who laughs is the fortunate in dfhidual who sleeps soundly, forwhom "good digestion waits on appetite," and whose nerves never trouble him. Happy he or she who Ys thus truly blessed. When refreshinig slumbers fail to visit.your pillow, when your food tortures" instead of benefitting you, when a sudden noise or the 'least excitement sets your nerves in a tremor, it is high time that you resorted to a' remedy. You will certainly find it in Wo refs Scnirs.' , To bi well dressed'is to have mounted the :first step in the ladder of success. Send for ?oatternis of choice *oollens and sell-measure anent instructions to'Lsxcor. Srcnsrand Co., "iniited, '038- 'Flinders-street, ' Melbourne. :hey will send them to you post free; they ave the largest tailoringestablishmen'tin the ity. A capital business suit to measure for 