SOUTH YARRA. PROVINCE ELECTION. Mr. BLANSHARD AT PORT MEL BOURNE. On Tuesday evening Mr Blanshard, one of the three candidates at present standing for the newly-created seat in the South Yarra Province, addressed a large and enthusiastic meeting at the local town hall. Councillor Salmon, in tLe absence of the Mayor, presided. About 300 persons were present. The chairman, in introducing the candidate, said that he regretted the absence of their -worthy Mayor, who was detained at the Conncil Chamber, it being the' last night of meeting of the present Conncil. But he desired that an apology should be tendered to Mr Blanshard and the audience for his . non-attendance. The chairman said that as chairman, he would act impartially, and say nothing about Mr Blanshard, but leave that gentleman to the electors present. ? If the Mayor arrived before the close of the meeting he would then be an ordinary elector, and he would say a few words for and on behalf of the candidate, Mr Blanshard, who was well re ceived, stated that when .he addressed, the. .olooboro x-f- £-oi-t M Clbouriie li rst, the Mayor, who took the chair, said that he had paid the electors a great ' compliment, as he had condescended to address a Port Melbourne audience in connection with an Upper .House election. This was bis thirty-second meeting, and he claimed to be miles ahead of the other candidates. He brought about the election in order to test the question, and not allow a walkover. (Applause.) He had come forward on the present occasion from patriotic motives, determined that there should be an election for this new seat. Glass influence shonld not enter into the representation of the province in the Legislative Council, and having commenced the contest he was resolved to carry it through with a good heart. The first subject upon which he proposed to speak was the harbor question. We could not be blind to the fact that we were a long way behind New South Wales and South Australia in many respects, especially as regarded our barbor. The wharfage accommodation was very deficient, and tbe charges were far higher than those in the adjacent colonies, the result being that shipping was being driven from our port. Our Harbor Trust had spent a large amount of monev. and to far less advantage than had been done in Sydney and Adelaide. In the matter of postal and telegraphic service Sydney was also far ahead of Melbourne, The sewage question also demanded im mediate attention. No one having inspected the sewage farm at Adelaide and the Bondi sewer in New South Wales could fail to admit that here again those cities were ahead of us. If Melbonrne was to be the queen city of the south, the sanitary question must be regarded as of vital import ance. That a conntry like this should spend hundreds of thousands of pounds upon exhibitions and orchestras, and neglect the matter of sanitary inform was a disgrace to our national civilisa tion, As he had . already declared he belonged to the .vonns Anshrnliaji parry. ana tbok the' liveliest interest in the question of national unity. We should be guided by the grand example of Germany and America, and endeavor to bring about Australian federation as quickly as possible. We shonld then, without doubt, be able to borrow at a considerably cheaper rate, and cheap money for a young country which had to develope its resources was of the first importance. Federa tion would do away also with such vexatious questions as that of the Murray waters, which otherwise must cause trouble in the fnture, and it should be borne in mind furtber that if federation were to be accomplished the longer it was delayed the more difficult it would become, as new colonies would be springing up and would have to be consulted. He had announced himself as a staunch pro tectionist and liberal, and had been so all his life. Everyone who came be fore tbe electors now posed as a pro tectionist and liberal, but many of these men, when the actual battle was being waged, were found fighting on the other side, and the preference should therefore be given to those who had been consistent in these views throughout. As regarded the educa tion question, he was thoroughly in favor of the system as it stood — (applause) — although he would be willing to add such subjects as scien tific and technological instruction. He was altogether opposed, however, to the three fundamental principles of the system, that it shonld be free, secular and compulsory. He would favor-the appointment of a Minister of Health, he being likely to act from more freedom from bias than local boards, many members of which might be interested as property owners. To endeavor to keep the Coalition Govern ment in office bad been the principal reason of his contesting the last elec tion.- Every one of them were, good business men, and he ehould'give them cordial support. Upon tbe question of Chinese and Collie labor he felt strongly. It was a disgrace . that tbe Chinese shonld be allowed to con gregate as they did in dens alongside the principal buildings of Melbourne, and they should either be excluded or subjected to a heavy poll tax. Plural voting was a system which he held to unfairly handicap the working classes, and there should be either the one man vote principle, or at least one vote only allowed to a man for his residence, and one for. bis - busiohss place: Plural voting always did alter elections: (Mr D. C. Armstrong : No. A voice : No.) In conclusion, he might say.' that had an old politician come for ward for the seat he would not have attempted to be a candidate himself, but all the candidates were new men. He was comparatively young, had a heavy stake in the district, and having come forward expressly to bring about that election, claimed to be fairly entitled to their suffrages. Mr Blanshard resumed his * amidst cheers and contin»-- * seat The chairuw'- ea applause, and M- asked for questions ? ? i-. C. Armstrong asked how could the candidate say that plural voting would affect this election. Mr Blanshard: I did not say this election, but Assembly elections. One man on the floor of the house said he could vote for -fifteen constituencies. This was a crying evil. (Applause). Mr Armstrong : . Oh ? I thought yon referred to this election, as I knew better. Mr Armstrong : As I have heard , every candidate in recent years claim to be a liberal, I shonld like to know what a liberal is, so that I could frame it. Mr Blanshard : A liberal is one in favor of progressive legislation for the masses, and a thorough protectionist and not a sham one. (Cheers and applause.) A question in reference to the can didate being in favor ofincreasing oar naval and military forces, seeing that the present defence force wpnld not stand a ' ghost of a show ' if hostili ties broke out was answered in the affirmative. (Applause). An elector : Are you, Mr Blanshard, in favor of giving railway laborers 7s per day. The candidate: Yes, I wonld in crease their pay to that, and little enough it is. (Applause). No more questions being asked, Messrs. G. Newman and J. Rice moved and seconded a vote of confi dence in the candidate. Mr YY. E. Murphy, on rising to support the motion, was greeted with an ovation, and was received in a similar manner when he entered the fcnii. teoa tuatiie ^naa-toUgHr Tor liberalism and protection in that very ball in 1877 and 1878, when others, who now posed as liberals, had run away. His presence in support of Mr Blanshard was an earnest of that gentleman's true views. He urged npon the electors to be faithful to their trust, and to place in the House men of the right stamp. In referring to the meaning of the term liberal be would remind the gentleman who asked the question that his candidate knew nothing about it. It meant the greatest good for the greatest number, and any little boy from a state school knew that, and therefore the questioner could frame that if he -liked. (Loud applause and laughter). He would remind them that the political reputa tion of Victoria lay in their own hands, and he hoped the liberals wonld be true to themselves and their great colony. (Prolonged cheers and ap plause). Mr Campbell, secretary to the Engineer's Society, next rose to sup port tbe motion, and was well received. He referred to the Port, And urged the electors to put in Mr Blanshard, who would fight for Port Melbourne as against YYilliamstown, and so bring the shipping on this side instead of taking cargo round a circle of over nine miles. Sir Nixon, ironfounder, supported the motion, and said he had fought for Protection as hard as any man, and he remembered when one of the candi dates was an office-bearer in the old Reform League, and also the time when he ran away from it, when it and Berry were going down. He left them like a rat leaving a sinking ship. (Applause.) He also knew the same candidate's friends were making political capital out of the Increased Hospital Funds. But Mr Blanshard deserved as much credit, as he had given £100 to the to the first subscription list. (Cheers and applause ) If they knew that can didate as well as he did, they would see that be did not make politieal capital out of such a thine. . Hi- *igoJ -nil -co -votirfpFTJlanshard. (Cheers and ap plause.) The Chairman then asked for an amendment to the resolution that Mr Blanshard was a fit and proper person to represent them in the Legislative Council. No amendment being put, tbe motion was carried unanimously amidst cheers and acclamation. Mr Blanshard suitably returned tliauks to the Chairman ; tbis was seconded by Mr Smith, and carried with enthusiasm. The Chairman thanked those present, and said he would con duct all meetings he might have to pre side over as impartially as the one just closing. The proceedings then terminated, and an adjournment was made to Tur vi lie's Prince Arthur Hotel, where the candidate's and the visitors healths were drank in bumpeis. 