| Term* In ad. ; f vance j fir^rio Jariy ^ [ PJJt of the £%\ - j " ' Rev. V. K.1 clergyman at Church seceded Reformation, and wg reminds me of thd England revolted froi more than 100 years John -Fenwick has where be was the most popular Com!!!! any court in the Centennial Exhibition. And his hospitable exertions have'nt worn him down a bit. I told my readers a few weeks ago about the " ghost *' that haunted Australia's own 'Enniker 'Eaton, M.P. for Canterbury; how one, Robert Dennis, was suing 'E. 'E. for .£500, for having writt°n all his public speeches, his articles in the National Review, and his letters to the London Times and the Postmaster-General, during the last three .years, and for having prepared the essay on Postal • Contracts which Heaton delivered before the Colo nial Conferencej and how, also, the said Robert Dennis had determined to contest Canterbury with Heaton at the next election there, on the quaint ground that as Heaton* s "ghost" he had all the time been himself the real member for Canterbury. Well, the latest cablegrams on the subject inform us that El enniker Heaton has thought better of fighting his " ghost," and the real author of his literary and public fame, so he has " squared " Dennis and laid the "ghost," by paying him =£400 cash in acknow ledgment of his services, and £200 on account of ex penses. 'Enniker can now once more freely proceed \- with his ^aspirations. Sib William: Foster Stawell, ex-Chief Justice and ex-Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria, has just died at Naples, Italy, in his 74th year, leaving a widow—the only daughter of the late W. P. Greene, R.N., of Melbourne—and 10 children. Sir William Stawell died possessed of ample means, being largely interested in Australian pastoral properties. He was the son of the late Jonas Stawell, of Old Court, County Cork, Ireland ; was educated at Trinity Col lege, Dublin, and was called to the Bar in London in 1839\. In 1842, he arrived in Melbourne, and in 1851, when Victoria became a separate colony, he was appointed its Attorney-General. In 1856, he was elected member for Melbourne in the Legislative Assembly, and shortly afterwards was made Chief Justice, vice Sir W. A'Beckett, resigned. Duncan Gillies, the Premier of Victoria, in view of the impending general elections in that colony, has chosen to desert his old electorate of Rodney, and has gone to Kew. It's comical to see his anxiety to be voted a fit and proper person to represent Kew, otherwise kaown as Yarra Bend—the Melbourne equivalent for our Woogaroo. I dare say Duncan would make as decent a lunatic as most gillies. 