LADY STRATHMORE'S STRATAGEM. Br CLAKA MCLHOLLAN), Aathor of "The Miser of King's Court," "Percy's Revenge," &c;,, &o.; CHAPTER XIX. How long Strathmore slept he never knew, but suddenly, without any apparent reason, unoonscious of having heard any noise likely to disturb his rest, he awoke, and gazed anxiously around. Before going to bed he had pnlled np one of the blinds, and the glorious light of a dear, full moon shone in at the high window. Every part of the room was distinctly visible, and there was no sign of anything to alarm him. He closed his eyes. Then opened them again. He felt uneasy—unsettled. Why he oould not tell. All was quiet within and without the house, {'It is ridiculous to feel like this," he cried, turning his pillow, and resolutely tryfa^togo to sleep. "It is night still. I must A alight creak in? of the door made him Start A footstep. Yea. He felt sure he heard a footstep in the corridor passing and repassing his room. •'Jones on the war path," he muttered. " What an old lunatio he is. Bat his reign Mover. He shall soon march. He—" -> The door opened slowly. A dark figure •tole in on tiptoe and crept stealthily round the room. It moved towards the window »nd stopped, and, as the silvery light of the moon touohed the thin attenuated form, Strathmore saw that his midnight visitor \- was a man of about thirty, whose loose garments fell about him in thick heavy folds. Suddenly as he stood gazing out into the night he raised his arms and swung them above his head, then, olimblng upon the window-sill, tried to unfasten the window. But as that seemed too muoh for his strength he turned away. Across the floor he went, shuffling along in a feeble uncertain kind of way, mumbling and talking in low broken accents^, , Strathmore lay very still upon bis bed. What oould this mean! Who was this strange, weird creature! He was too weak to be a burglar. If he was one of the servants, why did he come there at such an hour? Strathmore oould not—would not believe In ghosts, Suoh things only existed In the brains of foolish old women and nervous ohildren. And yet, as this shadowy form stole round his room in the moonlight, the strong man felt shaken in his belief, and inclined to think that there must be some truth after i all in the existence of these supernatural visitants. But he was determined not to give in to suoh sickly fancies, and to find out without delay who and what this creature was. So raising himself with an effort, he asked in a tone of oommand:— " Who are you T Whpt do you want!" The figure turned, and, gliding nearer to the bed oried hoarsely, "Justice—freedom —justice." "Thief, or fool, 1 hold yon," exclaimed Strathmore, and putting out his hand he laid It upon the man's arm. But with a wild shriek he Bprang aside, and rushing to the door dashed off down the corridor, " 'Tis a living man. He must—he shall be stopped." And jumping out of bed Strathmore hurried on some clothes ; and, oalling loudly for Jones and Sally, ran down the long gallery in pursuit of this strange being. But he was gone. No trace of him oould be found. Neither Jones nor his wife replied to their master's urgent call, and the house was onoe more silent as the tomb. Strathmore stood upon one of the landings, hesitating, uncertain what to do. He was anxious to return to his bed, yet he longed to discover what had become of this man^and where he had hidden himself. "He must still be in the house," he thought. " I must unearth him if I can. I wl»h~l could wake up that Jones and his wife. A wild, shrill langh, interrupted his refleo- \- Hons, and as he looked up, the sight that met his eyes filled him with horror. Close beside him was a small door, opening on to a high flight ot steps that let down into the park. This way into the grounds was rarely used, and Strathmore had not known it to be onlooked for many years. It led to the apartments that had belonged to the late Lord Strathmore, and had been afavourite entry and exit of his as a boy. Lately, even he had made but little use of it, and it had remained olosed to the rest of the household, but now it was open, and in the doorway stood the ghost-like creature, who had disturbed Strathmore and brought him forth from his chamber. The man laughed and ohuckled, and waved his long arms, and as Ssrathmore gazed upon him, spellbound, the weird features seemed familiar, the thin spare figure suddenly suggested that of his dead brother, and with a cry of horror he sprang forward. "Percy—can It be?" he whispered hoarsely. "Speak. Can it be you? You are dead; why do you haunt this house ? Why do you oome ? What do you want ?" "Joatioe—freedom I She Is gone. I am "free," 4ttd turning, he fled down the steps, and ftway across the park. " Good Heavens! It is Percy. Am I mad, or is this some wild nightmare? Bat no—it is he—or else some fiend has token possession of this house." , The cold perspiration stood upon Strathmore's brow. His limbs shook beneath him. His heart beat so violently that he was unable to move. But below him in the moonlight he saw the strange dark form that had Worn his brother's faoe, and had looked aijjum with his brother's eyes. And the longing to know who and what he was gave him fresh strength, and nerved him to overoome his terror and follow him out into the night, The figure soon relaxed its speed, paused, And looked anxiously up and down. Strathmore left the house, and orept noiselessly Over the soft turf. But as he approached the man saw him, and ottering a cry of alarm fled onwards through the trees. Strathmore followed, overtook him, and seized his hand. " Percy, speak! Why are you here ?" He made no reply, but struggled to be free. " Percy, your hands are those of a living man, yet you died three years ago ! Tell me what this means—or—I shall go mad!" "I did not die," ne cried, and hiB eyes were full of a wild light. "Let me go, or I will kill you 1" " I am not afraid: and I must and will know all. Ton are Percy; now I am certain." "I am; but what of that?'' He laughed wildly. " I want to get away in the moonlight. {See how it shines upon the lake!" And again he laughed, and the strange, unearthly sound curdled the blood in hiB brother's veluB. "Come back to the house. Tell me why you are here?" oried Strathmore implormust go; I am called—I am—I will be free." " Never—till I know why you have come back. Peroy—speak; tell me the truth." And he flung his arms around the attenuated form. " Juatioe is what I want—juBtioe and freedom." And he tore himself from Strathin ore's grasp, and fled swiftly oh, towards a thick wood that lay at the extremity of the park. On, on he went, his wild laugh ringing out from time to time upon the breeze. Suddenly, he oame to the lake, and here he paused. Strathmore ran up, and stretching out his hand tried to draw him from the bank. But he eluded him ; sprang quickly aside, and in an instant plunged down into the deep, dark waters! "Without thought of himself, or the danger he was incurring, Strathmore flung off Ms coat, and dived in after him. He soon caught hold of him, and striking oat, tried to swim to land. But Percy resisted, olutohed wildly at his arms, and dragged him dawn under the water. It was a desperate encounter—for, though apparently thin and weak, Peroy fought with the strength and determination -of a madman. At lsBt, however, he grew faint. His struggles oeased, and Strathmore drew him out oithe lake, and laid him tenderly upon the grass. Kneeling by his Bide, he chafed the oold hands and wiped the streaming water from his hair and brow. As he gazed at the sad wreck before him a terrible rage took possession of hfs aouL and he almost oursed the woman who had borne him, when the history of his brother's life was thus suddenly laid bare before him. Percy had not died; but had lived a lunatio, sniawfully detained within the precincts of the Abbey. That her own son, Hugh, might suoceed to the title aod estates, Lady Strathmore had announced his death, and kept the poor malman hidden away. So far the scheme had succeeded. No one had suspected the truth. Bat now, all would soon be revealed, ani the punishment she deserved duly meted out to her. And on her soul would rest the guilt of Percy's unhappy death, the result of her iniquitous conduct; for he was dying now— the poor fellow'rf life was ebbing fast. And as Strathmore knelt by his side he prayed that bis reason might return—that only for a second he might look affectionately into his eyes and preBS his hand in recognition. „ Bat the emaciated form lay oold and rigid on the grass. A faint flattering at the heart told that he still lived; and watching eagerly for a look, a word, Strathmore felt that all in-ist soon be over. They were a long distance from the Abbey. T<> call any one to h's assistance was imposture, and to carry him unaided to the hoase ei|uaiiy so. Till morolng dawnei and the iaboiTOH cwno to their work they must re main where they were, exposed to the chill, damp air. For himself Strathmore cared little. He was strong. Snch exposure would do him no hum. But for Peroy it meant death. " Poor fellow," he murmured with falling tears," what a sad existence has been yours. And now to think that you should die thus. You have been treated badly—shamefully— cruelly—by alL God forgive my mother for her wloked deception. I cannot." The dying man moved slightly, and muttered something in a low indistinot voice. Strathmore bent forward to catch the words, and the oft-repeated prayer for justice and freedom fell upon his ear. "In what way do you require justice, Percy? he oried, in tones of anguish. " What can I do for you ? Speak. I am your brother, I will do anything—everything." Percy opened his eyes, A faint smile flitted across his white face. " Brother — Hugh — justice —for—me—for mine—for wife—and child." He struggled to sit np. Strathmore raised him gently, " Where are they ?" he asked, " Who is your wife ?' "Justioe—Hugh. Don't forget my dear wife—justice." And then with a little gasp he fell bask in his brother's arms. Strathmore watched by his side allthrough the night, listening eagerly, hoping and praying that he might yet whisper a few words in explanation of what he had already said. But ne never spoke again. And before the first peep of dawn, Percy, Lord Strathmore, had breathed his last 