. DERBY DAY. BOBHEB ON AHD OFF THE . C0UB8E. ? c-' a BRltiLUnijBPKOUDCiK. . Dreadnought Vide, * Mighty Struggle fop the Stakes, The Cracks of the Season. ylHE E¥E OP THE DEBBY. , J. 1 (BY 'verax.' ixwuuux wae uii ,j or contrasts, a mighty, Bfcething city, peopled with a maea of variegated humanity. To study human , nituro has for me noarly as many oharms as to tcan the outline of a thoroughbred, fiz&Duno; his points, look at his condition, and' then sum him up generally. There is Plenty, of contrast in the people at present promenading the Melbourne streets. Visitors have arrived in town by thou sands. «. -j) ynp week, and what that meafrw in Melbourne only those who have ? attended . her racing oarnival kpow. The. people appear to hare gone _ racing mad. I hear nothing oat diccordant sounds connected with the approaohing evente. The lad sells his penny paper, declares with a visage devoid of .the ghost of a smile, but full of a solid earnestness that he'll ' give ye the straight tip given for an extra copper.' The barber that shaves yon, after he has safely fixed JOB inthe chair and flashed about his razor 'in dangerous proximity to 'you, as he. brings it down for the first scrape, asks, 'What will win the Melbourne Cup, airP' You are bound to give him an answer, . and the probabilities Are your chin will be flooded in gore. The boots at the hotel wants the 'grif,' and so do the pretty waitresses, bless 'em. 'Pretty souls,' that old devil in Pink Dominoes would call them, and so they are *' don't yer knew.' When they discovered from a card I accidentally dropped that ' Verax,' of tho Ebperee, was in their midst, I had no peace. People in Mel fcourne appear to have an idea that the -» Befkube tipsters are infallible. This may be all very nice for the ' boas, bul; it's deuced ' uncomfortable for the ' boBsed.' 'Please 'Vera*,' do give me the winner.' Well, she was such a dear, sweet, innocent bit of muslin, that for the life of me I could not refuse her. 'My dear, . the thing's impossible almost, but yon have a bit en Chicago.' 'Oh, thank you, tir.' I am waited on like a lord now, and I believe 'that confiding damsel has. an idea that Chicago is the biggest moral for the Melbonrne Cap that ever ran. If that horse does not win therp will be an exodus of one from the hotel next day, for I couldn't, and never can, stand tho reproaches of beauty. The lad blacking your , boots in the street vouches for the information that Mr. . Bp :! ;xaMS»B'ipj»inDuu ' una 'D&CEm.olos.; \- Io»n assure my readers I walked up and down Bourke-street some dozens of times, on the Eve of the Derby, and I was more and jnpre interested as the day wore on; In me. morning is whs somewnac biu.Y, doc, . stall there were plenty of sharks about' eager for prey. . 1'heee human sharks are' voracious, and they swarm in Melbourne at Cap time. They hang around- the portioo of the Victorian Club, because they are afraid to venture into that 'holy of holies.' They bail you up in the street with the modest request as to whether 'you'll back your fancy, Bir ?' They pea tor the life out of innocent passengers who never bet and never will bet. I saw one of -these gents ask a Salvation Army man whatpricehe would take about the favorite, and, jhe man of 'blord and fire', on-, de&voured; to turn the sinner into tho right path. He might ' as well have tried to bottle up all tho condensed smells that issue ffom the Tarra. Many of the sports went out to Oakleigh in the afternoon and fat .pretty well bitten. Knowing I could ave quite enough on Derby and Cup days I wisely, as it turned out, stiyod at home. Melbourne ef to-day is a dull, dirty, dusty, . windy.amclly and altogether objectionable . pl^?e.- That is my candid opinion, if I am hinged for it. I don't like the ' Cabbage Garden.' Its climate iB- well, as Man talini would eay, ' demnable.' ' Give mo Sydney forty times over, and the Lord for . fend I should ever be compelled to pitch my tent in this big, dusty city. But at a&ht-; Melbonrne brightens up. There's money in Melbourne, tons of it, and fl'omo of the boys know how to spend it. Mel tynine by gas-light is a deeided contrast to .Melbourne by daylight.' And well it iB: that it should be so. The greet city qonceals, under , the glare' of- the night lights, a mighty holocaust of iniquity. I'm not over moral, and it takes a good deal to shock my nerves, but the flaunting vice . I saw in this city daring the two days and nights before the Derby was quite enough to stagger me. Painted Syrens, with beautiful garments, covering unhallowed bodies, parade themselves for sale to the highest bidder with unblushing impudence. They have' the same dull, dead, fish-like eyes that distinguish the women of their tribe; the same painted Vermillion cheeks, 'the cherry lips, the white teeth, .the -darkened eye's. They have the same weight of jewellery upon thetn, coined and- bought by the sale and' fauter of all that a woman should hold most dear. The drunken swell's their lawful prey, and they follow a 'liquorite ' with 'the eagerness of a 'carrion orow' scenting a carcase. I stood and watohed 'in Bourke-atreet till nearly . midnight. I then wandered dangerously, I suppose, into one or two side slums, and the sights I saw -I will draw a veil over. They are not fit to lead about.; judge then whether they were fit to see. It is high oarnivalin Melbourne, and I must make allowances... 'Strangers from 'the far country' : are attracted by the false glitter of these women of the demi moiulc. Melbourne reeka with suoh women, and I mnst confess that for beauty adorned they excel any women I htve ever seen. But to other scones' in \- this great whirlpool of humanity. Let me plunge into the vortex, and take you for a brief, space to the Viotorian Club. Hero i all- is -business. There- the excitement is great, .but perfect order i and decorum are kept. The odds are laid and aeoepted in the most orthodox fashion, and hundreds of. thousands of pounds muet bo turned over' during the course of a Cup meeting.' Many of the big Sydney bookmakers are here; in fact 'all sporting ? men worthy, of the name have arriveid for the great week. But to have; a little relaxation -from raoing' I paid' {a. visit to* ; the 'Princess' Theatre; ' What a mugnlfloent house it Is, the best , in . ; the colonies by, far. Mr. Harry Musgrove ' piloted me - all over the plaoe, and I nad -a -' good view of thehonee from' every part. Tho blue satin linings set off the gilded '? floowrti 9U- 'ty perteoityp, and the cpleucj blend in perfect harmony. The drop curtain must have cost a mint of money, aha house is capable of seating about 2600 people comfortably, and there was not a single empty seat on Thursday night. The play was Little Lord Fa untleroy, and a P°em In words it is. The orowded bouse testified to its merit by constant rounds of applause. ? ? «ere was great excitement at the T.B.C. office on Friday morning because J™ final payment for the Derby and Plate became due. There was much growling at Singapore being struck out of we .Derby, bnt it . was only what might , have been cx Dec ted, as his backers have no one* to blame but themselves, Bace clubs always appear to get hold of the dirtiest, most insii^nifi cant offices they can find, [and the V.E.O. ate no exception to the rule. The mystery is how they transact theirbuaineos in the cramped up space atthei^disposal. Itis a real caeeof multumin yarvo.' I ought to mention that at the Opera , House on Saturday night Mr. Miln pro duced Anthony and CUopalra, and the scenery he baB painted for it is superb, and far snrpaEseB any I have seen for a long time. ? Tho expense of the produc tion must ^ have been enormous,, and I _ trust tho enterprise of the manager will be well rewarded. Cup Day this year promises to be a brilliant suc cess, and the general consensus of opinion is that it is a very open race. Soma time ago this did not appear to be the case, but what with Carbine going off and Singapore being under a cloud backers are somewhat chary of touching it. Chicago has done a great preparation for this event, and the party connected with him are sanguine of success. ' Antaaa would have won the Derby had he been in it, so he must be a tip-topper. I saw many astute men backing Iionsdale, and in some quarters it is whispered the raco is a good thing for him. DEBBY DAY. The question ia where to begin. I have so much to say, and only a certain amount of space to write it in, that I am somewhat at a loss to know what to leave out and what to put in. I may perhaps omit something I ought to have mentioned, probably leave undone those things I ought to have done, and do those things I ought not to have done. This is the effect of being in Melbourne. Like every other big city there is an air of depression abont Melbourne on Sunday. It gives one the idea cf an uncorked bottle of ' fizz' that has been left standing all night— Bparklo and life has gone out of it and it is completely dead. This is by way of preface. I must have my preliminary canter in order to get the steam up. Onoe I'm. set going 'wild horses can't stop me.' Derby Day in Melbourne is an eventful period of the Victorian existence ; I might also add the Sydney existonoe, for I meet hundreds of visitors from the N.S.W. capital in the streets. It is surprising how manypeople know me that I do not know. Hallo, Verax,' is the salutation, and I turn round and find myself face to face with a physiognomy and .figure quite unknown to me. I can only oome to the conclusion that being connected with such ' ?tA.pg*' wlnl lyyitUynngmrBw %s broi-ah(l.ne undying fitno. Thafl-' : am be' no doubt 'about otui..£i-ttig; I- have - '(IRS'oYeKa it' since I. have been here,, and . that is that the Ebfep.ee is looked upon as Me— -emphatically; I dash the. the — authority .upon all sporting matters. Hundreds and thousands of sportsmen pin their faith' to it, and it is their ' Sportsman's title' to all intents and purposes. And no won der when I consider the successful tips the prophet gave. My friend 'Early Bird' has a reputation which would give 'Solomon' a real good shaking up did that worthy owner of 'harms and untold wealth exist in the present day. 'Dainty Ariel' and ' Boxer- Major]' are looked upon as real good fellows who know a thing or two,' donYt yer know.' As for my eelf I blush to record the faot that some people seem to regard me as an 'Anna- nias,'' 'Beelzebub,' and general purveyor of information calculated to.ruin a man in four and twenty hours. I deny this. Fm themost innocent creaturo in the world, and wouldn't hurta fly, provided the fly didn't tickle my nose, buzz around my ear, and generally annoy me with its attentions Then, Bir, I should put my foot down, or, more correctly speaking, my hand, and should annihilate the little beast. Again I ramble, and only a sense of duty recalls me to the faot that I am wandoring away from my subject. Here goes. The flag's down, aid I'm off. Busy is not the word for Melbourne on Derby Day. Tho streets are orowded with 1 people all wearing anxious looks upon their faces,! walking rapidly, as though the minutes were chasing each other, and all bound in the same direction. Bourke-Btreet is jammed, Collins- street is 'jammer.' When you reach Spencer-street station is the 'jammiest' of all. Credit where credit is due, and I muat acknowledge that the railway arrangements are admirable. There is a porter to each car-' riago, and despite the orowd there is very little crushing at the gates and plenty of room in the carriages. Cup Day,. I presume, is worse, but I take things as thoy come. Spencer-street Btatlon, from 10.30 to noon, is a sight. A constant stream of people pour in at the gates ; a curious crowd, one of those mixtures of humanity only seen in connection with the raoing carnivals. 'All Borte and conditions of 1 men.' The swell ruba shoulder to shoulder with the professional hanger-on. Mrs. Fitzgibbon Montalto Gardenia squeezes up against Mrs. Polly Smith, and Lady Slapdash has. to put up with the sooiety of Cora Pearl of the demi monde. 'By their dress ye shall know them,' .will not suit without it is that Cora has a more exquisite cos tume than Mjr Lady, and her fit i and figure are deoidedly superior. Then I ' notice the crafty pickpooket eager for a ! chance. - It is a harvest for these men, and : they reap purses and insert their digitB : with wonderful . olevemesB into other * people's pockets.- All's fish that oomeB to their net, and they, care' not how small the gain provided they net something. They have to be remarkably sharp, however, for the keen eye of the deteotive and the vigi lant tramp of -the bobby gives him but little opportunity of carrying on his trade successfully; The trains run to the oourse every few minutes, and - they are never' over- Iadened. By road the scene is lively. Streak ot carriages are making their way, to Fleaington. Tnere's the openbaronohe with the pair of fiery, high- stepping bays, coaobman in blue livery; silver harness, and inside an exquisite, dainty lady and a': waxed ' moustache ring-man. The drag , with its merry load, the mild waggonette, the hBnspm with the driver cutting a dash, drsgs,' oitffs, and horses of all sorts, sizes, and shapes. Thoy all have .one' thing in common, ' their object is the' same— Blemington. If I go, on muoh longor wo shall- nevcr rcaoh the courao. I will take you there at pnee, without the trouble ofa journey. ' ? ' . Fletpington is at ita best. A glorious ' [ day.- The sun shines brightly, touching, all Nature with a doliriato hand, m^kipg it i v. 'y- look a ore beautiful than- ever.- -i- cool' breeze tempering the sun's rays. No dnat,' no dirt, all olean as a : ' new pin,' though j why a new $lnrshould be the aomo of cleanliness I have sot been able to discover. ' Perhaps1 it is because the pin is siicha / useful artiole (o'effeot cleanliness in the matter of the ends of your digets when ' you have no knife handy. At all events . we'lleay that everything was as clean as a.' new pin, Flemington is one of the finest ' raoecourses in the world. This, I know, is! considered rank ' heresy in Melbourne, ' becauae every born Viotorian fanoies Flemington is the' only racecourse worthy cf the name under the sun. I have been on some tcorca , of racccourses in my time. With all due. modesty I venture to acseit that 'I've been on more racecourses thsn any homebred 'Victorian. . I have eeen fourteen English Derbies run for, and as many. St. Legers. I have assisted at Goodwcodand Ascot, and I have Bhouted myself hoarse on the Bhoodoe at Chester, the Carholme at Lincoln, Aintree- at Liverpool, and at Newcastle, Rtoctton, Nottingham, Groxton, Edinborough, Yar mouth, Ktmpton Park, Manchester, Pante frect, York and Scarborough, and dozenB of other places too numerous to mention. I have assisted at tho gatherings of the clans at B&ndwick;, Eagle Farm (Brisbane), Flemington, Bosehill, Canterbury, Moore 'field, Bathurst; ire., and consider that I have a right . to say and write exactly what I think of Flemington. Well, then, to ' give it its due, I will say that Flemington is perhaps the beet-managed race meeting I ever sesibted at. I don't know Mr. Byron Mcore from a crow, so no one can accuse mo of partiality. That gentleman has dene more for Flemington than any racing secretary that ever lived. The genius presiding over affairs at Bandwiok should really get Mr. B. M. to coach him up in racing matters, and alBO civility. Band wiok will never be up to Flemington uutil there is a radical ohange in the manage ment. This is my candid opinion, and I will take all the- responsibility for the aeeertion. ' Bsndwick can be no more compared to Flemington in the matter ot management than St. Paul's Cathedral can be classed with a Wesleyan chapel in a small village of a hundred inhabitants. Bandwick itself ought to be quite equal to Flemington. There's no doubt about this. I like Bandwiok. It's a real good course, and if the Committee of the A.J.C. would tear all the buttons off their breeches pockets, and then take off the said unmentionables and turn them upaide down and Bpend all the money that came out, then Bandwick would compare very favourably with Flemington. On Derby Day tiie Flemington course looked simply magnificent. The lawn was beantifully cool, green, and springy. The flower-beds were a blaze of golden .beauty, the marigolds being the finest I ever saw. They were growing in masses, and made dazzling pictures of deep orange, whioh contrasted well with, the verdant green. The lawn at Flemington is a sight worth seeing. All the wealth and beauty of the vast oity appeared to have congregated there. The ladies were dressed to perfec tion, and ^ the men were got up rvegardleec ot'. expense; Proud .as pea-. r'i acSt',' 'wcrej ihrt t-ilTrV -£f «r»ihmmii ' They 'iiaa not come to see the racing, oh dear no. They had come for the same ostensible, purpose they go to ohurch on Sundays for—to criticise their neighbours' dresses and discuss the latest style in hats and 'bonnets. I watched them, and I saw signs of envy when some really dazzling costume was paraded on the lawn. Blood will tell in women as well as horses. HerLadyship of Kintore is a model of a thoroughbred woman. She looked magnificent in green silk, with front drapery of white-spotted tulle, with a green bonnet trimmed with tulle to match. It takes a good-looking woman with a fine figure to carry green well. Her ladyship did it. More power to her, say I. Lady Loch had a splendid blue-spotted velvet, shaded white lace jabot and navy bonnet, and she looked every inch a Governor s wife. As the ladies moved about the lawn there was a mass of colour that would have made an artist rave. White predominated, light colours of all descriptions being in the ascendant. Pale blue, gold plush, grey, blaok, cream, rose, brown, pansy, wine coloured silk, myrtle green, and fawn were all mixed together in a kaleidoscopic mass, The scene is more easily imagined than described. There were some very beauti ful women. The Shah would have gone olean off his head had his Imperial but sable Majesty had the good luck to be ' present. He wasn't, I need hardly say, and Pm glad of it. He is not a desirable acquaintance, and the habits of a Persian Court are not calculated to inspire a warm admiration for oleanlineBS. The stand during the progress of a race is orowded, and all the various colours I have enumerated oould then be seen bunohed together, as it .were, forming a mighty bouquet of a variety of flowers. And then I went on to the Hill. Here we seethe real life, of the course. How the people do enjoy it. They are a merry, good-tempered crowd. I love a good humoured raoing orowd. There are plenty of blackguards, no doubt. Some people consider a racecourse attraf ts tho quint eteence of blackguardism. All I can say is I have met blaokguards in every walk of life, and I would draw particular attention to the faot that there are plenty of 'this class among the BO-called aristocracy. Very mixed the orowd on the Hill. The dresses of the 'hillites' are in marked contrast to the ' lawnites.' Andnowonder. The former have the crush, tho latter 'sitatease.' Merry indeed are the people on 'the Hill. They laugh, joke, and baok their fancy with great gusto. They are bent on enjoyment, and mean to have it at any prico. But the Hill is seen to most advantage on Cup Day, so I will pass it over for the nonoe. The view from the Hill is glorious, and the course oan be seen to the best advantage here. On the Flat, too, there is a orowd, and an orderly one it is. I never saw a drunken person the whole day. I doubt if there was one on the conrse. Drink there was in plenty, but it appeared to be taken in moderation. The winners drank ohampagne— the losers beer. You can generally tell whether a man ia a winner or a loser by the tipple Uo takes. At lunoheon I oould spot the fortunate ones i and I may say here that . the luncheon arrangements at Flemington are on a par with everything else. _ They are as near perfection as it is possible to get, and the lunoh itself is good. 'Eat, arink, and be merry,' for to-morrow we'll baok the winner. That'B the style to do it in. Never be cast down. A' loser may be a Winner the next day. Down on your luokP No suoh thing. Never say die. Stick to the thoroughbred and he'll carry you through— the mud. From the quiet of tho Lawn to the turmoil of the betting ring- is a decided ohange. Bookmakers, I always think, must have been born shout ing, ' 10 to 1 bar one,' and 'Til back the field,' 'the field a pony,' and soon. The 'mother* ' of a bookmaker -? ought to be a powerful, strong-made, leathdr ;lunged w^man,, with a- tongde. tha , : can: wig ' at the , rate of sixty 'l»pa' to the-., minute. Bookmakers .never seem to. get hoarse. (Any- ordinary -man yelling as they yell would idae hW voioo; and stand a good chance of, blowing the baok of his head' out.' ' The' louder the layer, of the odds .can yell the ^mnre busi ness . he seems to do. I never knew a bookie yet that could be 'ttfitfuaed of 'hiding his light under a bushel.' If d bookmaker ever tires of his occupation— this.would be very exceptional, the game is, too profitable— I would advise him to turn auctioneer! ; He would; knock down the goods with his voice*, and 'probably the buyer alee. Any ;lMolbo.urnite 'possessed* of the average, amount of qomtnon sense will confess that' the Sydney bookmakers are, as a whole, p. far superior class o! taBn tp the Victorian .layers. Barmiiids are pretty good judges Of 'oh'aracter, and I have asked of them their. opinions upon this point. The linswer is invariably tha same. 'Ycur Sjdney men are far more gentlemanly than ours.' The n^agnates of the ring can all be seen hero with the exception of Leviathan Thompson; who is in England. Each man appeared to have bis own set of customers, and all round they appearto do a good trad9. The babel of sound before each race could-beheard a mile awav. The best part of a racecourse . to my opinion is the saddling paddock. 1 1 love to watch tho cracks undergoing their finishing touches. What beauti(.s thoy are. Coats soft and Bhining as . satin. Breed in every quarter. Tbey know what is expected ot them, and look ready to' do or die.'1 Tho paddock at Flemington is spacious, and there is ample room to walk the horses quietly ajbout without. mush crush. Hundreds of Well'known -figures can be seen in the sacred enclosure. Men who back their horses for thousands, and' watch the lace with no more excitement than the man whoha3his modest pound on. Trainers and judges too; you can see them all here. There's Payten, the king of trainers. What is he doing P Fixing up Abercorn for the Stakes, that great race in which he is to. measure strides with the mighty Carbine. Tom . Payten is a man I admire. I never saw him in a flurry' in my life. He's always cool, calm, and collected A little bit of an anxious look upon hi3 faco-rand no wonder. Consider the' res ponsibility the man had on his~ shoulders. The Honorable James is ill ; yes, ill, and at a time like this. ' His tall, straight figure, light frock coat, white hat and flower in bntton-hole, are not to be seen in tho paddock. The Squire of Kirkham is ill, and everybody is eorry for 'it- His familiar figure is mused. '' Flemington hardly looks tho same without him. ; This throws all the responsibility upon Payten, and he bears it well. What a beauty Abercorn is— a perfect model/of a race horse. Trained to the hour, not an ounce of superfluous flesh on him. /Coat bright and glossy — a picture. of healthy.ienaole all, over;, fit to run for a. man's' life. Tho bonny chesnut, with his white : blaze face and intelligent -eyes, knows that he is being admired. As his' heljor'- polishes , sp his coat . he lashes out in devilment and sca.tters the crowd/that have collected round hio shed. jPrcEcj in deed, must a mah OuSwke' ''{'.Vyk The Peer was better than! AbercdrBAHo , isn't, and :I':cdnfes3 ' A The beau 'ideal of a ra^ehor^ /? .^®at'a this? A sleepy- loolang,!!azy; bhowling horse, walking around ; ? as thong-?, he couldn't help it. No' one would jtiitice him if he hadn't made a name for hitii:;elf. But'a big crowd folloW hiin about! ;vahd scans his every movement. He takes no notice of them.. As far as he is'concerned the paddock might just as well be emjity, and not a soul in it. Head down examin ing his feet. He positively has tb^,be jerked 'by the bridle to make him move. Not a big horse by any means,' rathefe the other way. Look at him closely*- examine his points, and then you'll exolaim, a racer all over, every inch of him. ' What_p5p-er and muscle in his quarters and loins. C®c ty any amount of weight, that horso.. A game Head and beautiful T n^ok, set well into magnificent shoulders. A Blight sign of something wrong .about 'one forefoot, though. This horse, the admired of all admirers, this Blcopy, lazy, yet grffcid thoroughbred, may well be followed by tha crowd. It is the mighty Carbine, the -hero of the Sydney Cnp, and the conqueror;-ot Abercorn. And these two craoka are':-.to meet in the Stakes to-day. Go a thougantl miles . to see it I Aye, I'd go to the No|th Pole to Bee a battle between these giants of the turf. There is a vast difference' between the two horses, and yet they' are' both perfect is their way. Here's another! Who is that, keen, shrewd, long man, with' the soft hat and farmer-like: cp pearance ? ? That's Harry Baynor, Payten'a great rival, and one of the olevereBt menat Bandwick. No mistake about Baynor; He's all there. Has enough information in bis noddle to make a man'B fortune teii times over. Will he let it out ? Not he. - Harry Baynor has that great .essential in a trainer. ? He can keep his' meuth shut:. Melos is his cspeoialcare at present, and' Gannon's crack is to do battle with the ohainpions. His owner is looking on. A shrewd man, and a good sportsman. ' A man who loves a good racehorse, and would sooner win a Melbourne Cup than accept a king's ransom. Mr. Gannon has fought well on the turf, and' the senior host of Potty's is very far from retiring from thr.t pursuit yet, or I am much mistaken. He watches the saddling up of Melos with oritical eye. Tho condition , of tho horso reflects the. greatest oredit upon Baynor. I never Baw suoh an improvement in him. He' has filled out considerable, and lookp hard as nails. Antious ia much admired. A £reat looking oolt he', is, and handsome as paint. No wonder hlij . admirers are sangune. They fancy tu' will beat the orackB, as he has such a puA in tho weights. If ever a horse was the' colour of a bronze statue, that identioti animal is Benzon. His coat Bhines li^ei Batin, but ho has a varmint look about th-i : eyes I hardly like. ' , f-. bit of a cur I should imagine. He has any amount of admirers. Chicago, Cardigan and Singapore are all being saddled up, and the second named looks specially well. As they take their canter down the straight, I think what a field of celebrities are there. Three Derby winners, champion winners, Caulfield Cup winner, Sydney Cap winner. Metropolitan and ' Hawkeabury winner. A grander field of horses never faced a starter. What excitement as they file down to the post. A. roar from the crowd, '^they're off.' True enough, the flag has fallen, and on they come: Sinecure cut out'the running at a great rate, his mission being to bring the field along for hio stable mate. The paoo is a cracker. Terrific speed. Anfema taking advantage of his light weight joins the leader, and tho piir raco neck and neck. 'I'he olock at the judges box ticks round, and I see the pace is maddening. Carbine, Aberoorn, and Melos are together, their jockeys eagerly watching each other, and it is evident the struggle will be between this trio. On they come. At tho entrance to .the straight the trio draw up to the loaders, and in a few strides are on terms. Now or never. Sinecure has run himself to a standstill, and Antmus has found the pace too hot. The distance is reached, and shouts of 'Carbine,' 'Carbine,' rent the air. The great New Zoalander is going like a galloping machine, that he is. Not the Iszy, lusty horse now he was in the paddock. He's all there, full of life and fire. How he tears down the straight with Melos and Abercorn close on his quarters. The half- distance reached, and the excitement is intense. A hush in the vast crowd as the trio of cracks fight out the struggle to the bitter end. 'Melos wins ' is the first shout to break the stillnesB. A moment more, and a roar like thunder is heard. It comes from the hill, it comes from the flat, it finds echoes on the stand and lawn, fair ladies clap their hands in excitement. Men wave their hats, per fumed handkerchiefs aro fluttered in the breeze. People are almost frantic with joy. ' Abercorn wins.' ' Bravo Hales.' ' The favorite wins,' comes from thou eands of throats. On comes the crack. Neck and neck the trio racc. Abercorn, ridden splendidly, gets his - nose in front. Again the cry, 'the favorite wins.' Not a man but feels his heart beat faBter as he watches this gigantio struggle. Old hands say there's never bsen suoh a race at Flemington or elsewhere. Ten lengths more and it will be over. The trio are aOjKea iMgeiner ; it is difficult to Bee what will win A supreme effort, and Hales again pusheB the oheBnut's nose once mere in front Another roar from the crowd; a last struggle by Melos; a last i ffort by Carbine to get up. They flish past tbt box, and a blanket would cover the lot; Abercorn a short head in front of Melos, and Carbine a short neck behind. What a finish ! Cheer after cheer rends the air. The idol of the public, the pat of the paddnck, the favourite horse of the straighteat owner in tho world, has- ' home. Abercorn has won th#* Melbourne Stakes ,and be%ten_ jA3ie'' record. He's lowered the.«nile and a quarter standard Qib on his back. No wonder the crowd cheered. It must have eased the Hon. James' pain and caused his heart to beat high when the wire flashed him the news that his favourite had won. A passing regret he no doubt would experience that he was not .present to see the struggle and the success. But Melos and Carbine, though defeated, were not disgraced. The former ran a great race, and he must be one of the beat four- year-olds we have. Carbine sustained his reputation. He had one of his fore feet bandaged and a shoe on, and this probably cost him the race. I doubt, however, if he could have beaten Abercorn that day. I never want to see a more exciting race as long as I live. Chicago cut up badly, and Cardigan was out for an airing. Benzon, too, did not seem to care muoh about reaohing the winning-poBt is front. Hales and Payten got a warm reception as they passed into the weighiDg-room. The candidates for the Derby were eagerly scanned as they underwent their toilets, and the favourite was literally mobbed by an admiring orowd. Dread nought is one of those quiet horses that it takes a good deal to rouse up, but once set going he has a great amount of pace. ' No fault could be found with his oondition, and his bookers never faltered for a moment in their allegianoe. They planked the cash on as though it was finding money, and the bookmakers never seemed tired of accepting the odds. The followers of the blue and white, and their name is legion, considered Dreadnought the best of good things, and although rumours had been rife that he was slightly lame, and had not done good enough gallops to win, yet this had no effect on his position at the finish. I had every confidence as soon as I saw the horse that he oould win, and T:ired the readers of the Bibd the straight tip, as also Abercorn for the Stakes. Bu dolph, the second stringin White's stable, had plenty of followers, and he looked as fit as hands couM make him. I never saw ►uch an improvement in a oolt in bo short a time. Biohelieu was a strong order with t-omo of the knowing ones, and he was a tiocd,' second favorite. He isla great oolt, ' and was perfectly trained, and no wonder his party were confident he would upset the pot. Prince Consort was baokea at outside prices, and so was Loyalstone. I 'had a thorough good look at Dankeld, land muat confess I don't like him muoh. Hesweatedagooddeol,andseemedfidgety. 1 Ten to one was, however, freely aocepted about him. CarringtonandTinlanderhad very few followers. When the horses took their preliminaries Dreadnought seemed ^undecided as to whether he should go iup the course to the post or not. Hales, however, persuaded him in the gentlest yet firmest manner to do so, and he shook his head, and leisurely cantered up. Dankeld also had slight objections to going to race, but O'Brien urged him on. : Budolph buoked and jumped about in the most emtio fashion, and wh »n 8 the post tried to stand on his btai legs. Payten; litedf to get hold of his ' head before the gelding would keep quiet. Tfctre wae breathless silence almost before the flag fell, and then a about once more proclaimed 'they were 00.' Budolph at . ozce cut. out tha: -running fpr the favorite, and he made : the pace a oracker. ' Dreadnought . and Bichelieu were- lying about fourth, and the leading pair, Budolph and Carrington,' got so far uiead tEat shouts of ' they'll never catch them,' were heard 'ia various ? directions. The race is felly des cribed elsewhere,, so I need only give the more exciting part of the struggle. As they entered' the straight Hales shook the favorite up, and reminded him that it was necessary he should make an effort. Power rode vigorously on Bichelieu, and kept pace with him, and the pair soon' caught up with the leader. Before the distance was reached Carrington cried a go, and this left Budolph at the head of affairs. He did not, however, keep there, for the pace he had been going at told its tale, and he dropped back. Dreadnought then forged ahead, and an exciting race then enBued. Power drove Bichelieu along, and the horse Beemed to answer to every call. Whips were out,, and the struggle was game. Dreadnought, however, gained an advantage in the last fifty yards, and he maintained it to the end, and won amidst great- cheering by about a length from Bichelieu, wjth Budolph third. The win was exceedingly popular, and once more haa a V.B.C. Derby been placed to the credit of the Hon. James White, with a colt of his own breeding. The success of the Kirkham bred stock has, I am afraid, the effect of frightening many owners out of the field, and no doubt it is hardly worth while paying up the full amount for anything that is in the least second-class. It must be a real good' one to beat the get of Chester or Martini-Henri.- After the jockeys had been weighed in, Payten led Dreadnought up the centre of the course, and the horse seemed none the worse for hia gallop, and took the admiration of the crowd very quietly. Lady Loch decorated the handsome chestnut with blue ribbon, and patted his arched neck with her dainty hand. A magnificent silver punch bowl also goes with the D 3 thy Stake, and it will form a handsome addition to Mr White's already lengthy list of trophies. After the excitement over the Derby had cooled down' I' went and had a good look over the youngsters engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate. Correze looked very well, and there can be no doubt about ms being a magnificent colt and quite at the top of the tree. Of toe Hon. James White's pair Utter looked vrry fit, and no fault could be found with . Prelude. When it was seen that Hales had the mount on the former there waB a rush to back her, Correze maintained his place in the market for some time, bat before they went to the post he had eased considerably,' and 1 saw evens, and in one instance 5 to 4 laid against his chance. Sam Coot's pair, The Admiral and The Sfsivrere also Tanked after. The former is a slashing bay colt wiAh-mmense quirmrs, and built to gallop. Many cute judges invested on him, and the result pravecL they .were right. - Magic Cirole I- did not like, but Hermitage is one of the most beautiful fillies I have seen for miny a day, and had I been given the pick of the basket I think I should ' hove selected her. King William, one of the first of Nordenfeldt's foals is a credit to his sire. He was bought by some Queensland sportsmen at the New Zealand Stud Co.'s yearling sale, and fetched, I believe, SOOgs. He was worth every fraction of that sum, and I don't suppose double the amount would buy him now. He wants time, and looked very green. - He is growing rapidly, and will make an immense three-year-old. If he goes on well he will require watching, for I feel sure there is a big race in him. Biverina ia also a very taking filly. At the post they spread right across the straight,* and after a short delay Mr. Watson dropped the flag to a good start. The favonrite held a good position, s- there can be no excuse made for his sorry display in that respect. What was the matter with the horse I should not like to say, but he didn't gallop in anything like his racing form.' The sixteen youngsters came down the straight in line, and a pretty sight it looked. At the distance The Admiral showed.a bold front, and bo did Utter and Wilga. A desperate race home ensued, and The Admiral managed to. get home in front of Utter, who was coming very fast at the finiBh, and I fancy would have got home had she been able to clear out of the ruck a shade sooner. The Admiral's win was popular, and no one can help congratulating Cook upon his big win. In addition to the thousand bovb there is also a handsome trophy, so the prize is well worth winning. The time shows that Correze did not run* up to his form, for it was currently, re ported the colt that beat him would have to break three. King William ran well enough to make him worth watching, and' I fancy, bar Correze, he was the best of the beaten horses. The minor events of the day called for very little comment, Linburn, the winner of the Maiden Plate, was a very hot favourite, and, as he won rather easily, baokers made a good start. Chintz won the Hotham Handicap, and I believe the party landed a good, stake at 10%. Boz's performance in the Coburg Stakes,, whioh he won with 9st 81b, shows what a real olinker he muat be, and what a good thing the Caulfield Cap was for him. He won like a racehorse, and,,although Fish wife came with a great rush at the finish, he won easily enough. Bamage rode a fine race on him, and he is a. real good jockey. Sequel managed to get third, but. could never get on terms with the winner. Hie Charmer was heavily backed, but she cut up badly. After the Caulfield Cap it was said that had the race been a quarter of a mile shorter Charmer would have won. The running in the Coburg Stakea proves this to be all moonshine. Boz muat now.take a high place amongst our crack horses. The return journey from the course ia easily accomplished. The platforms are. filled, and then the gates shut until cleared, so that there is very littln ruihis; and crushing. A more orderly orowd I have never been in the midst of.v'Anduijyi ended the Iteiby Pay WMlij memorable i&oire; on: account o£ race for the Stakes iNhan for the WWJJfc result of . the Derby. Those who ^aWtU Abercorn1 gofc home will, never forget and the story of his ' victory wilL I repeated at naay a family gathering ttM ' yean to come. ? . Mr, Gv Wataoa ia termed i&e; Prince ! Starters,' but T was not mttrir impresses* ^ with the way izr which he; got his * away. With tho anlimited power herbal, j at his command I should expect? him to dfv 3 better. He ia not to' be compared i the late Tom M'Georpe, the ^atEnjnu' liah wielder of the flag. Toe V start was by no means good, bafi for tW \ Plate he got the youngsters off w«U. \ .Watson has started oznes tbd Cop twenty-eight years ago*- and so he hao he*. !| a wide experience. ''- .A®? (A full dcxvi'piion of tlvz Cwp on pa&rd; T\ |; 