? Thk intrinsic merit of "The Silver King" as a capital acting diama is borne uniple testimony to by the large iiuilienct s which are attracted liightly to (he Royal. Although the cast does not compare favourably with the previous oue, it is still good enough to render the play to the satisfaction of the public. 1 hero is only one member of the old cast playing hia original character. That ia Mr. liates, who plays the small part of Ceofl'ry Ware's servant, Leaker. He plays it very well, anil as the sole remnant of a departed glory, merits this passing word of notice. The .Shakespearian se.Ason at the Alexandra, inaugurated on last Saturday night, hail not a highly auspicious commencement. 'J he audience was rather thin aud vacant looking iu the circle and on the floor of the house, and tiic gallery patrons who hive become attached to this theatre will not find their favourite thrill of the variety in the works of the undying hard. On Saturday night numbers had evidently gone under a mistaken impression that " Hamlet" was a new' society drama containing burglars, and racehorses and other items of modern interest, and were disappointed with the result, hence they did not display that attention and appreciation that might have been expected of them, and got up a little diversity amongst themselves in the shape of a "scrap" to lend variety to the ghost scene. Of the performance itself we cannot say anything of a highly laudatory character, the prevailing tone being a depressing mediocrity. Mr. Dampier's Hamlet gives evidence of stage familiarity, minute attention to his wort, and considerable st .dy, but his is not a satisfying Handet. Peril ps there is no subject on which tastes differ more than ou Hamlet; every individual man who has read the play with any attention has couceived for himself an idea of the l'riuce of Denmark, disagreeing in phases with his neighbours, and every man believes lie has a mission to set every other man right in the matter of Hamlet, as in the nutter of religious disparity. Mr. Dampiers Hamlet seems faulty in its linked dyspepsia long drawn out. he gives us the melancholy prince with the toothache ; he fails to accentuate the moody Dane's brighter humours, his mischievous fooling with O.-rie and I'olonius — sunny moments of which much might be made to relieve the marked gloom of the character. Declamation is often indulged i» 11 the loss of deep feeling. In the passage with Laertes in the gaveyard scene we get all the force of elocution without a suggestion of grief for the dead Ophelia. Naturally Mr. Dampier has a fine voice, but he mars it considerably at times with a fictitious accentuation, so marked as to destroy the poet's metre. This actor excelled himself in tiie "player" scene, which was rea'ly forceful. Mr. Stoneham's King is a fair exhibition of histrionic ability, and Mr. H. Martin is well placed as I'olonius. Mr. Boothmau as Laertes does not please us a little bit, nor does Mr. Baker shine very brilliantly in Horatio's tights. Mr. 15. will have to master the art of "standing round" without looking quite as constrained as a cigar sign before he can hope to excite favourable attention iu the highest walk of the profession. Miss Katherine Russell enacted the part of Ophelia without displaying anything beyond a supi-rdcial grasp of the character. Miss J. Merton.as Queen Gertrude,lacked intensity, and Mr.E. Jklloway made a very solid aud substantial ( .'. host. With one or two small exceptions the re6t of the characters were poorly represented. "Hamlet "is excellently mounted on the whole, but the scant rortrgc and the weak device of holding up the pall as a screen to hide from the audience the fact that no Ophe ia is buried, detract from the force of the graveyard scene. A lot of beautiful scenery has been painted for this production, chiefly by Mr. John Hennings, who was called before the audience after the first act ou Saturday night. "Hamlet" is announced to run till further notice, and on Saturday night next Governor Robinson aud unite lend their august presence "for one night only.' At the Opera House John F. Sheridan and his new English company have planted their traps and let loose that joysome hush of song, dance, low comedy, lower comedy, hysterical confusion and excited Irish, " Fun on the Bristol," under the patronage of a wedged-in audience that couldn't lind room to demonstrate its feelings in consequence of the depressing iuflueucc of one man being on top of the other, and each auditor who wis not baldheaded having several othet auditors hanging iu his hair a'd a fat woman crowded into his rib.*. "Fun on the Bristol" is the only eirenaiument about town just now that contains any of the elements of comic opera, and in the light of that fact it may succeed in attracting as large percentage ol public patronage as it deserves, for it is really pleasant fooling " Kun ou the Bristol" is supposed to have a plot, Lut it is only a cheerful excuse for dragging all the characters aboard a steamer, and startiug them to grind out a promiscuous heap of music-hall business of a not general description, which programme is diversified by tin apparition of a seasick Irish-American lady in undress onstumo and a bloated life-belt, who totters to her fall, and is bolstered ttp by a grinning liiguer, and fanned by a fictitious Italian prince, who gives lessons on (he barrel organ. These characters all pervade tile show, along with several young ladies who are eloping, disguised ill pants, aud cigars, and other masculine traits. The first act of this American mixture is the best, simply because John If. Sheridan, as the double-barrelled " widdy," is on top all along, and the other people are not called upon to exert themselves much further than to stand round ami be talked at, which strain does not overtax their resources to a terrible extent. The widow is an exceedingly droll female, with a whole reservoir of lib-racking jokes to draw upon, and a natural and easy cussedness that tickles the people all to iits. If the Widow O'lirieu were plucked out of the concerted aggravation that surrounds her, and planted in more congenial society, she would be a joy for over. Mr. J. Sheridan sines a good song, but " My Darling, when wo are made One" was Noah's speciality, and the make-up for the song, " Waiting for Thee to-night," which is mainly black eyes and a great display of legs like paralysed German sausages in niiMit white socks, is anything but a pleasant change from the genial widow. Miss Vera Patey is seen to better ad vantage as the superbly upholstered dude than as Dura M'Alister. This young lady has a line presence, and her dancing is graceful. Miss Oracic Whiteford is unhappy in her choice of costume for the first act, but looks pretty as Lord Kauntleroy. She sings fairly and dances well. The minstrel business of Horn Dougherty is good in its way, but wc have had high kicking iu every show that has chanced along for two years, and we arc sad about it, and feel tired all over. " Fun on the Bristol " makes you laugh when you are sitting up in front, aud snigger long afterwards. WrifiN ITaddon Chambers hit upon so good a theme for a play as the life and death of Captain Swift, he should have been less anxious to see it upon the stage and more anxious to make the treatment worthy of the theme. He has produced a line dramatic story iu somewhat poor shape. 'J'lie plot is one of thrilling interest, but the hearer's ouly desire is to reach the end and learn the outcome of the story. The dry aud somewhat bald dialogue and the almost total absence of humour hardly combine to draw oue again to the theatre after a single visit. With so good a plot a certain amount of patient elaboration must have given us a greut drama. However, the play is not badly put. together and its faults are rather of the negative order. Unusual as would be a gentlemanly bushranger, still we canuot consider Captain Swift as too improbable a character, and the device by which Stella s aunt is made to have all interest in the hero is so common with novelists aud playwrights that it h i s ceased to be regarded as too romantic for general acceptance. In the main the story is fresh and natural, and the gradual but inevitable approach of the climax is au artistic success. The drama, even more than usually, depends for its movement upon the acting of the chief character, aud as the retired bushranger Mr. Charles Warner achieves a very pronounced success. In the first scene we think he might with advantage adopt a somewhat more cool and cynical demeanour; but later, when the exigencies of the piece call for the display of deep feeling, Wr. Warner's acting rises to a level which criticism reaches with dilliculty, fjr the critic naturally judges comparatively, and in taking this method with "Captain Swift" oue canuot easily say who would make more of the part than Mr. Warner does. This gentleman has made an exhaustive study of the character, and his treatment imbues it with a pathetic intensity that is a triumph of art. Mr. Fleming is very well placed as the manly, open-hearted Australian who had done a bit of bullock-punching in his time, and now takes life easily, and Mr. Vincent is excellent as the good old gentleman who doesn't see ue well as he used to. Mr. llichard Stewart, juu., is also at home as the impetuous young Englishman win is alternately a cad and a model of chivalry. Mr. Phillips makes au interesting sneak of the man Marshall, and Mr. Oily Deering looks and acts a colonial " D." to the life. Miss Ada Ward has lu-avy calls made upon her emotional powers as Mrs. Seabrook, aud is in the main a satisfactory representative of that unfortunate woman. Miss Gracie Warner is a gentle and lovable heiress of a sort that arc all too few iu this Chm ; Od fiTerjwucrc. KT^hcre ' " "" , * a - L " rgc boit,< " chilly world, and Miss Clithcrow is a bright and pinmising young actress, who shouldn't bide her good looks under such a shocking bad hal, as that one which the .second funic discloses. Miss Constance iloorwyti appears at her best in a small part, and a decant in.in in livery, together with a boy in buttons, both of whose names have momentarily escaped us, complete tlia cast. The stage furnishing is very rich and elaborate, and the mount'ig is adequate throughout. The AlhenaMim attraction at present is the Sna/.elle entertainment, "Mirth and Music, Song and Story." D 'ring Mr. Snaxclle's brief stay iu Melbourne, some four weeks, lie has been laid up for about three out of that time. However, he made the most of a bad job. and succeeded in immensely pleasing the large audience that welcomed him on Saturday night. On opening he solicited the indulgence of those present on the score of indisposition, but what an opportunity lie lost. Why did he not give us, " Put me in my Little lied," »ith musical an 1 scenic illustrations? The limelight ell'ects were of a niagnificc-nt description, the views capital aud the music all that could ? be desired, "The Village Blacksmith," for instance, on being sung by Mr. Snazelle, was illustrated with appropriate views, showing the brawny blacksmith under the spreading chestnut tree, the force, &c.;, while from the hearty ami genuine applause bestowed upon the performer, showed that the audieucc contained a good many " With broad and sinewy hands." "The Death of Joe," " Nazircth," " In Sheltered Vale," " Lightof the World," " Siege of lloehelle," "The Brook" aud many others were faithfully depicted. The audience, generally speaking, were "knocked all of a heap," and in open- mouthed wonder showered down their applause on Snazelle's eflorts. l'lie entertainment from siart to finish was oue of those delightful surprises that are, unfortunately, like angels' visits as far as Marvellous Melbourne is concerned. Wjc can't say much for the Pavilion Company engaged iu London by ".). Saville Smith, the European agent," though a clamouring crowd, fiautict.ocitch a glimpse of the new people, literally hung on the gas jets at St. George s Hall on Saturday evening. A genuine colonial welcome awaited oue and all, but on the whole l'Ved. Hiscocks can't be congratulated on his engagees—a feeble first part serves to open the proceedings, in which we arc treated to a string of specialities, foremost amongst them being Jolly Nash, who went like the proverbial house afire, and in a neat little speech gave some other comic singers ive have met a red-hot calling over the coals for purloining songs, and really we think they deserved it. Will Hurst, the bicyclist, is a veritable wonder. The " Two Mikes " are mild—very mild. Our youngest-born suggested something about "two mu<,s ;" however, we didn't quite catch the remark. Tiie Sisters Blair are song and dance ladies of a verj so-so description, while Lillian, the rifle shot, has fired herself off, and doesn't appear. Of Morton aud Sadler, the less said about them is soonest mended; and Hetty Gray, billed as a "vocalist and dancer," doesn't tickle us a trille. She created immense amusement to the audience, who guyed her most unchivalrously. Strong in ballad singing, too, arc Messrs. Montagu, Fuller and Dorinan. In Morton and Sadler the company have a couple of tomb-like representatives of black face comedy. Whitburn, Gilmore and Gardner can givethcin points. Themusicis under the couductorship of Mr. W. G. Kaston (also from London), and last, liut tar fiom least, is the concluding item—the marvellous electric orchestra of Herr Reniers, a wonderful performance worked from a large organ played in full view of the 1 audience, which were it not that 1 seeing is believing," the public would scarcely credit. Mysterious drums, peals of thunder, bells and flashes of lightning all by electricity worked from the organ. 'Trains (without a mishap—take this to heart, Victoria) ran to and fro across the stage, forming oil the whole au entertainment which, with the notable exceptions of Nash, Hurst and Ilenier, is at best a Eeries of sad disappointments. We have many good shows in Melbourne this week, but probably not a better oue than that given by Professor Jensen at the Victoria Hall. Possessed of a splendid stage appearance, a fine voice and a natural easy- going style, the Professor became a favourite at once. As usual the howling idiot mustered iu strong force iu the gallery, and kept up a continual firc.of interruptions. A raving lunatic, with face black, banging another crazy man with blackened face, with a pair of clams, a r k , es skin ™° ot »' "W* Tablets. Everywhere, stuffed stick, or a bladder, is more in — George Lee should call in the aid of , 1!ne occasionally and have the playful 1- • U D '' or "i prriid led out on his pink ear" nf l bc u ll, -f «... t—«. .. - < ' first Ist f the front seats on Saturday night roty °v iave evaded the keeper. Lotus hope l)v t f 1 , 1 lave be u recaptured and taken hack to'I? tll e y When assea wander into a music hall th le ;lE i'luin, ment, in justice to their patrons, should^T some provision for having the poor beasts ti T Jensen succeeded iu fairly dazzlinj. and LJij '.'Phis audience, each item being heartily all the animated skull in particular. A«f. A ' S ? 1 Haida, the Professor gave a magn £IV S M"* entitled "Electoria," which nius® ° , " ls '?» appreciated. Mr. Linton painted" an oil upside down (the picture, not Mr L ) n n?i t ®> applause greeted the effort. Part two 1 J more mystifying than ever, a miscellaneous mnf tion of skeletjns, tea and coffee pots ciinJj saucers, flowers, watches, chains, feathers (what a man he'd be in a baziar ') d about here and there, and floated about the ri", • all directions, the mystery being where on earH, they came from. liven a barrel, apparent empty, suddenly appears and just as 'udH vanishes again, springing up later ou full „< serpents, who wriggle about in such a manner that the male portion of the audience shake itself just to see whether they've "got 'em agin " or J ' lie Hindoo basket winds up a capital program™,' J he Professor is assisted by Miss Haiila, anotlie young lady, Mr. Linton and a couple of Hindoos Everybody sliould see this - a sterling ente>ti,in' meut from rise to fall of curtain. At t^e Palace Museum they have now a i\ arrnambool giant and a grievance. The forme is exhibited on the raised platform, the latter i not. i he grievance, Mr. Friedman states, is thi people will persist in calling tiie " Chamber o (lor rors " the '' Chamber of Horrors," whereas h distinctly wishes it understood that the "Cliambe of Horrors " is >;of the "Chamber of Horrors " bu the " Concert Hall, up stains." It is to he |,0pe in future that the public will bear this in mind notwithstanding what the poet says— Vou may In-oak. you may shatter the place if you nil] Tho " Chamber of Horrors " will cling to it still, Wc quite agree with Mr. Friedman and siuccrel hope and trust that the populace will not forg the new name. A splendid variety performance given in the Chamber of Hor—we mean tbeConcc Hall up stairs, aud judging by the liberal applaus beBtowed upon performers, one of the most popula resorts in Melbourne at the present time is tli Chamber of Hor—the Concert Hall upsiai Freshattractionsare furnished wheneverobtainalj aud the management do all tha-. mortal men oar. J to command success ? a \\-drtielftes Australia.. He has had twenty- London experience, but bus no wish to ..I™: PI ton's liart in " Harbour E V. Iloyre takes^ EltonA^taSitonni^u do liin-fib lias been re-engaged to sustain wiEio^ cbaractor wiltf nud Mr. 'T. Bruutou, tlio' well-known ,f[tf. Mi'i M (.j^iijition of broadsword exercise i'SMwh'.boneflt. Hjnninfis must lmvo boon highly gratified " rinn li» received at the M'Warner's dinner to reFpond to tbe toast of "The I'ionoers of '""lie tire Colonics," j'fareffcii'banquet from"his" many friends in *55,{ three guineas a ticket bsing charged. a ^i, „,.>„„ „,„„„ i„ , fl. Ckndcs takes Charles Warner s place in ™inv tliiit is to go to lialliirat, which ban boon "|,«U<1 includes Miud Williamson and Messrs. \- Own flurris, N -' I ° lles and H Hambro. 'vim Hi"ti»es (Mrs. Goorgo Walton) deserves •Jl toiler performance of the Grasshopper last she having received tbe part only late 'i. "Mies Miss Hastings hrfnre. l played lilaved ^ it iuroui,u through throuoh Ua SlCcl of the y promiUery AI^^ T,„P^arn Congratulated bor -Garner n™'.' u>». ,i«n music R oug writers, " popular authors," •i orcrripa bananas, aro "arriving every boat." Miiteli'to remain and settle down in our midst— im>it liack. Every second euburban boardingsiriko now-a-days boatts a born poet, while ji&ratn; is- - : f anything, on the increase. ..me »dontedtho profession of the stage at tho JSSvo. Hci* younger sister was tbe clever child o utevcd Cissy Denver to Wilson Barrett's M^'^^'^n^av i v f o i l r y thtt ' ® ty Company. IS'Minstrels open iu Sydney on 27MJ August,, ifevewoll ougftRomeut of three weoke, wbeu tbo DtourcloecF. Wallace King, W. H. Downs, J. l 5 opo, little Dixoy aud tbo members of iWjareturn to America on tbo Al<tMcd<\\. Brotbers rema.iu for Gaylord'a Wild Wost show, ^Prace, who takes charge of tbo band, which -forty jicr for mars. "B-Gftjlord, from across tbo eoa, seude glorious 'Of'ibG wonderful attractions ehortly to bo cpon ufl. In tbe Wild West, ho has secured Government a troup of Sioux Indians, among oo'.ed cliidf, Scar-Paced Charley, who was BO jiin tbo Custer massacre, and tbe grim old patches. TUey briag with chom equawe an5 and will show life on tbe frontier, as eoen in aftwt. ^"writes, " Since last week when I happened to :Aeidof aoyother Hcribbler that fAIaddin was to •coject of our ChristtUKS |Paatomime,"» etc., etc., 'ij evidently u A fellow of iu&nite; jest." -<B the liaaiouriet referriug to some recent inkintroduces the name -of a well-known gentle* ;" He remembers tho two I wrote of—I don't of 'Of course you dou't, dear boy—nobody ever youdid. Wujuover do expect anyone to know ta thing thoy don't know anything about. ybafi heard it reported, aud even seen it in Kilter Tlowo md Charlie Holloway are going it has been on the card6 Gome iimo, isuriua.llv settled ou Monday. Charlie has put ssttiDplated American trip for this. Thoy both fcUUbc end of their present engagement, and ' for themselves on UoxinR-night in Hobart. Hi* services of Mr. .Tosepb Little, tbe scenic i first-class company have boon secured, several new plays arecoiuing out from England itrijttuas. The Holt Company open iu Duuediu ' Bland Iiolt play6 Brisbane at Christmas. Untotiftl ftud representative meeting of mom" -dramatic profession was hold at the Princess os Wednesday last to consider tbe best moans tocODvey to Siguorand Siguora Majeroni the eitecm iu which tbey are held, and the great Hut their impending departure from these "ayrotessioual tour. Mr. li. N. Jones took tbe the motion of Mr. H. II. Harwood, seconded by LW, Lewis. Mr. R. Stewart, seur., was appointed ., and Mr. C. B. Wostmacott bon. socretary. ;committee was appointed, with power to t cumber:—The Hon. G. Coppin, Messrs. J. ;:,A, Gamer, G. Musgrove, Alfred Dampier, Lewis, H. K. Harwood, H. H. Vincent, Prank CUuMahou, J. MacMabon, P. IHiscocks, 3?. GM Gordon, J. Bruntou, G. DarreU, P. Neobe, , iluegrove and W. Marshall. Tbe cbair- ...i tliat Messrs. Williamson, Garner and Mid gladly place a theatre at tbe committee's kximotinev performance early in Septem ^posed bv Mr. Harwood,and seconded by Mr. J. that io order to make tbe testimonial more the imblic he invited to co-operate, and tbe accordingly ins true tod to wait on a number citizens with thiE view, aud also of forming . ":al committee. Several subscriptions inaadiirouiisod to start a testimonial fund. " U 'D adjourned till Monday,tbe 19tb August, . _rned meeting was largely attended at tbo Theatre, on Monday afternoon. Mr. Prank UjA-i presided over tho very representative Sftofessional and nonprofessional committees -with the view of arranging a handsome pre- '"">11 as a benefit performance. The mooting i week, whou a general meeting of both will be held and a definite liuo of action s a very uneven one from the start, tbe call " Time!" aud came up smiling lOQud, recoiviug with as good grace as 'to^lypuuishuieut dealt him ou every side. 6slit, it was far and away too one-aided, /- 1 ' 1 to UG is that the local police did not «lie stage and separate the combatants, tontest was fought out under the Marquis i ™ le6 ,°!j.? ot ', we * ro pot'oxactly certain, ™J.much like the London prizo ring ruloB, •jWiDer, I, etc .' lluili being b niiaiy wildly xuuuigeiJ indulged.iu, iu, until ontosbeor exhaustion, the old man fell ou ^Bn unrecognisable heap. As our readers j-^BucBseil, we are writing of a production of at the \V. F.S.Hall, North Melbourne. .11 his being black that Uncle Tom is ."lacked by" tbe loading available talent What on earth baa poor Unci to "the loading available talent" bo thus set upon and mal- ^ a number of ladioB aud gentlemen, know better, calmly, coolly and , 6 tert io aud bang poor Undo Tom all j 8 ! sot to put too fiuo a point on it, iucom- * number Ui of UJOHO thoso wuo wbo but set tuoir their u&ujea; names w> their credit be it said) and wbo were dwells in black and white tbo eame,' Wtbelast moment tbe vacant places being available ^ ^ Ni! JSi ftl fPPe^ceB a long stand- .,ieou - . - wjth with Uncle Tom. "Well-known "Woll-known Wlh the bill) also took part, but from 1 sad exhibition of themselves. To company (out of pure kindness ii- meir naineB) we tenai S r ' to the Rcntlemeu, » if they'll take to hea.i uui we'd advise them to open a ""'dflud this a much more profitable '»»iimakiug;achopping-block of Undo strewn all over the stage in tho iK • B10u ' aud as one of tbo craziest 1 1 ^. r evergreen f f b rand S popular t ' K drama i ";that . iiliP 10 - " lu8t 110 awarded tho post of ^Ilinr wumo a . patient,long-suffering '! F WariieQ ^iiio JJOBC^OI public —Salpkolino lotion drives away • irmti ' Hedncsfi, and Disfigrurementp, •wets akin,—Bottles Belli everywhere. avocompolled to witness such onslaughts aud when see a pack ^of jjawkjMookini?, wadding aud Hour" splathered individuals (looked on to s^'alTed^whiGf^nrwi E u l>posod to represent angels, we often sit u , in our <sH™t momenta and wonder if it isn't a grosslibel ?n?be Bolden ai,oroiteB- Tbe lino must bo drB wu BSS",ore® 'the " When will Uncle Tom be free— Puppa 1 puppa I please tell mo ?" ,7r„ • IV. ?fi?,l IwU y —- . , ' ",\ JJnfl.r ,E0D tlln Pi:\Tn—A fcom P ? ona f/»tu ' B^st Hhm Iuaia . 2nd July, ]R99:—•• tiear Old PUNCH, A few iines to let you know we arrived safe after a most pleasant, trip, and bad plenty of amusement t on board, making things a bit lively by f . ~ ' "if lively by giving a few concerts, which highly delighted tlieI passengers. India is a most woildorful place; some or tuc scenery and buildings are beyond all description, ?^ut, . ou "i 0 ™lway elation in ISombay, which lam given to understand is tbe prettiest ™lway station in the world, which is a handsome structure of masonry .consistingof six or seven different kinds of granite and marble; also it is one mass of all i vi' 0 ..'„"ft 0 beaEt , . 6 > flowers, beBt j , I E l ca - , w . e r e , 8t of M Ii St f n!e y 8 numbering uuujutiriuB over mcy fifty people poopie now, the tno largest com„auv that Bver trai-nllnri India. wn S f E "J 1 travelled India. Wo opened W iT„ J I /V a , 7, 0r0 au > mu iense success. Mr. Stanley has a great repcriouv, and wo play opera, draum, comedy, niinstrol and variety aud pantomime. I like this country verymucli. The nobility here is vory great. Wo played Wednesday before tbo Duke and Duchess of ^ Connaught, the Governor and his lady, and it was s a { grand sight to see from tho stago BO many red jackets. „n. Stanley, also his company, aro very popular in India. ^ a s t r ^ s K IS Calcutta for^the ^Christmas iishnv.'i, bo noveR, „f ^,av flc l^cl; to f?° " e " I t i n g m m fanuiug us wbilo wo go to Tboro are a groat mauy curiosi'tios to bo alien In""ihTs" counIfyVTcinnot^"™ 1 ™ r >' F ooa description this time, as we have not u-avelled with tho company. Wo joined them hero, and play a pmnVlrt couplo of nf TOAC.1.-CliAVrt weeks hero T.^ yet, Wflni,!,, Wo only had a couple of hours in Colombo aud Hcmhay to spare. Later on I hope to give you a good description of tho country.—Yours. Arc.', On! Gemini Jackson! What a surprise at Caulfield on Saturday! .lust take the current odds as given in the daily papers, and you will discover that tbo lucky punter who could have Belected tho whole five 'winners, put a solitary pound on tho first and martiugaled it up. would have been only eight thousand and hundred, and eighty-nine pounds to the good of the day's transactions! Up Sydney way Lamond has been supported for tho Hawkosbury Handicap at 10 to 1. After his last year's performance iu tho same race, however, the Great Metropolitan Stakes should 4be & real good thiug for him. Foil my own part, 1 am confident that Coleuso, Tourbillou and Golden Crowu will run verv forward in the Hawkesbury Handicap, to"be run on tho Hth Septombor. ARSENAL is going great guns on the training track at Haudwick. So aro Craubrook and Rudolph. Fflom Auckland comes the information that neither Corunna nor Cuirassier will visit Australia during tho Spring. I believe tbat Maxim is a dead certainty, however, aud it is odde on that old Heady Money Kobertaon will bavo another cut iu at our good things with a couple of approved good colt6, yclept Chain Shot and Merrie Euglaud. AT Mr. Town's Hobartvillc Stud, Kosedale, the dam of Kingsdale, bas dropped a colt foal to Trenton, and Banksia tho same to Grand Flaneur. . . JonN MAYO, junior, has Tom lirowu in work a S ttin - NI AC AHA is in the hands of Mr F W Day for WIA<.AnA is iu tne nanas oi Mr. J . u . ua>, lor private sale. 6ale. Ma. JOHN JlAVO lias a two year-old colt by Grand Flaneur out of black Swan (a rare pond per- The Jewel;, which bo bas named Master Grand. THE course at Randwick is described aa beincr in splendid condition just at present. So iB our own little Flomington. Mit. S. HoiiUKRy, of Sydney, has a couple of nominations in our Maribyrnong I'late-a colt by £1"?™" Buzzabont (which has been named ^"oi 15 *-''"a fi»V. Goldeu Fleece, by GoldsbiotiRb out Jf.'^dy lixotor. They aro being trained by Mr. P. \V. Day. THAT nousey old New Soutii Wales trainer, Hill Kelso, lias no loss than twenty-seven horses in work at present, amongst them being Sorolla (by Goldsbrough— Happy Thought) Concerning her " Yarramau " in the Sydney — H. V ortin . n I\bir c , 1 prattloth _ , as . follows"Until . / v recently this mare has boon somewhat of a disappointrnent both to her trainer and also to her owner Mr George f J Pagan. oKtLu. At Jii the nju late lata Warwick n anvicK Farm r&rui; meeting' meeting, however, she retrieved herself considerably, and, as far as appparancos now go, sho certainly looks as if she would speedily add still further to her laurels. I liked her appearance much aud her breeding still more, and if matter progress as favourably with her for tbo next two or three weeks as they aro evidently doiue at present, she should take a lot of shaking off for the Hawkesbury Handicaii, with such a comfortable trifle as only fist, Mb. to carry. Whether that may or may not bo b , cr 1 am notin a Position to say, hut should it be 10 *'» * lot of doiug beloro the termination of that event, ,„„„ That sho can get the distance, aud at a Bound pace, too. must bo tboroughlv apparent to all who have narrowly watched her performances." IT almost looks as if British Fair J?]av was a thing of tho past in the old country-does it not? when you read those letters of J. Uden Saville and "Anglo- Australian" concerning little Ringmaster. Not content with seeing tlie little pouy completely crushed out of uuBcenuuu to sucn petty meanness as to invent supposed " 1 - _ — _ ? P ° ' . ^n 0 f e s 1 vouchsafed the information that'they " would prt e r l»*t . over three miU-s I" As Mr. Saville .1. E d\Tance°he wnS i™!". i ^ a l ^ ' ^ ^ f i w tfPiacoHlndicanat i i, orhip tacl Ami vet, ^ OU IJIN UftLK, AUQ yCL yet JJrillBU Uritisb j'ftir Fair 1 Play RWflrdB awHrds illlll him fully lOlhs. more than be would receive in handicaps of tbe B&ine; class in Australia. Aftor tbis ouo is not surprised to loam that as a proof Lord Durham retains the confidence of a laree aud influential section of bis follnw-rmintrvmnn Tt i^viTm"^^^^* „«r«iJ?J oi S 1 eadiOR eelfitabstB' V l T . l Z ' L ^ V tbe arbitrators' ndv^rRo fnr<1iff: tnotnnfl stand c«an»i/>h1t> staunchly ln» by him, and have genoronely offered to lend him tho money wherewith to pay tbo damages «ithout any other occ 1hnri a mnrigmje on his family estate* I like these whioh ('show that Virtue is indeed Its Own licward. x HKR MAJESTY s yearlings were sold at Hampton Court on Saturday. 2ath June, wbon 27 lots wore disposed of ot an average of about 419S guineas each. A bay colt by Hampton out of Laud's liod (the dam of St. Michael, Tbo Lizard, and Distant Shore) provoked a very lively competition, and in tbe eud was knocked dowu to Colonol North's representative for J1000 guineas. THE same morning Mr. C. White entertained Searlo, the champion Bculler, and several other colonial sportsmen at luncheon at his residence, Richmond Villas, Seven Bisters-road. The compAuv included. besides Soarle. Messrs. ,T. Thompson, Ji. Thompson, Nei Mattereon, L. Myers, G. Aldei-sou, S. Allen, Ike Allen, C. Westbrook, ,, ,,' C. . Watson, ' C. . Treadway.C. , a . • Crane, » D. . Cantoy , , ' aud S.•JJell. A most enjoyable time was speut, and tbo speeches were not too long. The health of the worthy host was enthusiastically dvuuk aud after luncheon tbe whole party journeyed to the Alexandra Park Races. DR. MADDEN liaving decided that the South Melbourne protest against Esscndon was lodged in sullicient time, the case will have to ho gone into. By the tivue tbis appears in print tbe committee appointed by tho Victorian Football Association to hear tbo evideuce for and against will have met and brought up their report, which will bo adjudicated on by tbo whole of tbe delegates composing tbe Y.F.A. at their meeting to-morrow (Friday) evening. I have expressed my views ou tbo matter pretty plainly, and although 1 was vory much surprised to wituess the position some of tlio delegates took up at tbe last meeting, I am satisfied that there will have to bo much stronger convincing proof of the West Geolong being a Junior Associated Club—that is, in the light clearly demanded by the rules —than lias yet been made nnanifeBt ore " an utter defeat will bo converted into a barren victory." While on this point I would remind one of tbe delegates that the rule reads—' No player of a Senior or Juuior Associated nnwliim Si ub " uot , Bod a >'. B be alluded to on F There can he no two opinions out what the Geelong West were an Associated Body when tbey banded together to play for tho Times Cup ; the point in dispu being whether their associating together brought them under tbo rule as a Junior Associated Club. THERE'S nothing much to note about last week's Cricket football matches. Carl ten pnt tho Ports throu by so doing got third on tbe list The great match on Mel- Saturday will bo on the East Melbourne Cricket Gr between Carlton and Essondon. They tell me that some little causes of friction previously existing in tho t Carlton ranks have been completely smoothed awa and that now If tbis bo so, then the EBsendon boys will assuredly have to look to their laurels, as from time immemorial tbey have always been extremely unfortunate when playing a test match against the Dark Blues. The following are the EXACT POSITIONS OF THE SENIOR CLUBS TO DATE. seven t tho eud Name of Club. E-ecuiluu Suuth Melbourne Carlt.ni Port Melbourne Ucelonp North Melbourne Kitzroy Iticlimouii St. Kil'la MeHimmie Williftiustov.-n... Footscray 3'200 3076 2-857 2*714 2-57J 2-206 2142 1-857 1-flOO i-\m O'HUO i to tbe Third Decimal Decree. PRESENTLY, when captaius and managers of cricket teams (who very ofieu indeed are not the captains, but boss tho boss) get a little more used to settling a go (says a writer in au English exchange), wo shall very seldom indeed hear of drawn matchcs, excepting those in wbicb loug scores all round aro made. Tbe new rule, backed up by five-ball overs, is domg its work well. For au iu side to devote itself to playing out time instead of making runs ib perfectly legitimate and, as I consider, sportsmanlike when such policy is called for. But it wae downright miserable to eee an^o^ut side^frnng^ll it did no^Very^^ B0 extretUl}fy Bensible an ameudmontas was passed this Spring by tbo cricket powers is found to work thus admirably, we may find other proposals for improving tbo game considorcd. THE Victoria Baseball League was duly constituted on Monday evening la6t, when a representative body of delegates passed tho necessary rules. Up to tbe present the following sis clubs have expressed their willinpiiess to join the IJOI^ue:--Molhoiirno Cricket Club, Melhourno Baseball Club, Hichmond Cricket Cluh, Korgusson and Slitchell, Kow and Victoria; but a l ^ ^ ^ ^ S S ^ I ^ S i will be held during tbe first week of September, when tbe various office- bearers will be appointed. Iu tbis connection I believe that the position of President will be tendered to Mr. J. C. Villiamsou, and !!!?'. M' 1 - Milford will be appointed BpereC"" With two gentlemen like these mentioned taking a working interest in affairs, together with tbe fact that Major 73. J. Ward ill's services will be utilised n e J 1 1 f i "' J of foneral utility hand, it's a case of "Nuff sed ; • there cau be no BUCII word as fail. The baseball season—that is, the championship season—is fixed to ery commence i the c- 1st — of i-t October .inlu Ailing «' and cloEe ' on the »" .'list •>'» '"•<• of Ju l >\ Albeit the Executive have the power toanticinate or exteud these dates 6hould it be considered advisable so t0 d o - ''>cli club shall meet every other club twice (iand twice only) for the Chainpionship. „ , ,„ I OBSERVE that the Thames' watermen, who «rc supposed to be excellent judges of form, favour (O'Connor's chances more than Searle s in the fortlicoming contest for the Sculling Championship of the World. I remember that when 1 flrstsaw Kearle rowabout thirteen months ago. on the Parramatta, against Staiusbury-I was convinced he was no end of a " kidder," as I am confident he could have won that event by a furlong if ho had been so disposed. Tbe day was not an extra favourable one; for although thi water WBS calm euougl)| tho weather was cold and bleak. I forgot the exact time tlie race occupied, but I know it was exceptionally fast, as I timed it myself, and was so impressed with Searle's performance that I nominated him as the Coming Champion in tlie next "SUB of MEMMJUBNE Puscn O Connor will have to be a bit of a pheuomenon to make him row oven. FROM Fnglisll files I glean that a handbook will in which Mr Krnest Benzon a eeiitleman uot'nltnneil\ui uukoowu unknown to fame in coloDia) colonial 6poriing 6portf^ circlcs, circles. will ^iH dis- dis^ , COUTEB on tbo beBt meatiB available for preventiag both Savil] eude from meetioc. Tbe title of tbis iutorestiug voluuio P^ves ttTatYhe"^iSthoVmay fafrly^claim'"a heaHug"^"^ «P ert art 1 - 1 ™ns, " How I Spent f BSO,000 in Two Year 6 '" l^ons who may possibly be deterred from nvesting in » n a copy by conscientious onlic^'nl.li/ii^ scruples arising out of the fact that tbey are not iu a position to command a quarter of a million of money may take comfort from tho reflection that in tbis enlightened ago one c run iuto debt ^ee P>y without posseflsing any capital at 1 t8ke M r " ErU06t 15 ™ Z0U ' E ° 0,0uial •^AiJcriKUOi,. 1 nrs " Pendragon," in the London r ity Jfr/crcr :— " Hitherto tbe Karl of Fife has best been known HB a It's great little friend facts and follower of the Prince of Wales'. Before 1S55 ho was Earl of Fife, but only in tbe Irish roll, which is peculiar, seeing Fife is in Scotland, and very much so; in 1SW, at the special request of 'an illustrious personage,' as tbo keyhole papers have it, I-iord Fife was translated to tbe United Kingdom, and thus became a peer of Parliament uuder that style and title. Until then he had eat iu tbe Uppor House DB Baron Skene. He is forty years of age, and his name is generally to be found in tbe list of thoso who travel round with tbe Prince and the junior Court to race meetings, on yachting expeditions, and pleasure jaunts and junkets generally. Ho is a heavily-built man, close shaven except as to the Moustache, which is thick and dark To mo he a l w W & ,ook °, f 7 , ,. ~ Colonel (or perhaps I ? u ? bt 8a y Gen^al^V^l e ilf lu ? Baker< ^ord . Fi f° 1S of 5S t n5. ealfcl1; in A eDd i? 101 ? 6 W** 1 ** declare hiiu to nmiinna have 1*80,000 Tliifi a le year n inf. after nf n allowing riK<=> nftov for fi>« present cnvatiifir depre- ci&tiottB; Tliis is a bit of a rise after tbe serenity mob, aouie of wbom couio to Kiiglaud right down on their uppers, and witli only one pair of breeches. After tl:ia we ebail find tbe Prince of Wales' other daughters scorning tbe German hand, and looking out for tho next eligible English, Iri6h. Scotch, or even gallant liltlo Wolsb man. Mr. lieuben Bassoon, another of tlio Prince's most intimate pals, is already married, and has a large family. But he lias a son who would make quite a nice match for tne second Miss P. \V., aud BB the Sassoons „ aro far richer than _ Croesus, „ and could give ft! idaa isTatid tije~e"aBi"c6t o7 boati nga, wl7o wi 1 fda're "eay 'wlm't jS or what is not to be tbo outcome of this first step in the way of mixed marriages? As for blood—well blood doesn't count much against money iu thoaedays, aB witness most of our new nobility. Then, again, there is Mr. Christy Sykes, who is reported single, and who is only about ten years older than the Prince himself for whom he would do anything. Thus there is uo knowing what we may not in duocourse hear as to tbe destination of tbe next royal princess who is looking out for a busband, liy-and-bye, when Eddy ranges himself and settles dowu, and George begins to wonder where he will get a mate en pcrmanence aud with a dot that is wo having, we may, what with Rothschilds and Sassoone iday night, and one or two others of like nationalit quite a new rendering of tbe proverb that what is good for a • prince must be good for bis people—;' c hiB chosen people. Believe me, my dear Wales, it would be a very strange selection indeed, so long as it was made from those whom we know and who have for a generation or two resided iu these islands, if lit did not please her SlajeBtv's lieges far better than the selections h, and that have hitherto boon so constant, i those o prettiest Germans, who must boijin to think their time und, for grazing on us is at last getting its limit." ACCORDING to tho " Ed'oist," Shropshire people may , confidently look forward to some violent denunciations of horse-racing from tho pulpit of the Wliitecliurch district. The Clerk of tho Course of the Gredington Pony aud Galloway llaces advertises that a meeting will take place "on Thursday, 1st August, the day of tho Grand Bazaar in aid of the Hamner Church UeBtoration Fund," At first SIR Lit it would Beem from tbe advertisement as if tbo racea were being bold in aid of tbe fund in question, but a eloper examination BuggeBte tbe idea tbat tbe committee are merely taking advantage of tbe cbureb bazaar to try to draw tbe people wbicb tbat may be expected to attract. Tbe intention, of course, ie innocent euougb. Tbe promoters of tbe races probably calculate tbat wbiist tbe local clergies' n-ives aud daughters are endeavouring to screw tne reluctant shillings from tbe bucolic bazaarpatrons, tbo clergymen themselves will be wanting some dissipation of a more congenial character—wbicb dissipation tbe races will furniBb. But Jet those well- intentioned promoters tremble 1 Wbeu tlie wivea and daughters of tbe Shropshire clergymen "tumble" to the plant, tbey will so move heaven and earth tbat not only will their male relations be unable to attend the races, but tbey will even bo compelled to douounce tliem from their pulpits. All, ab 1 These clergymen's wives may not look very bumau when in Suuday clothes tbey are presiding over the Btall8 of a church bazaar, but, you may rely upou it. they bavo as much human nature secreted about their persons as will move them to iustaut action in this conspiracy. OLYMPUS. 