MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, Ootober 25. The weather was muggy and unpleasant this morning, and light rain was falling. There was moderate work only on the Flemington and Caulfield tracks. At the former Anteus, Manton, and Woolga made their first appear ance, and on the latter Benzon did tbe best caltop, with Forest Queen and another. Tn<s none has done a thorough preparation, and I shall select him with Melos and Antens for a place in the Melbourne Cup, with Lontdale and Chicago in the dangerous division. Tradition went the two-mile gallop at half pace with Le BoL Tbe reason why he has receded in the betting is because be goes off his feed if bustled along in his work, and therefore iB not doing satisfactory preparation, The end of this week has bronghta compara tive lull in speculations over the Melbourne Cap events, due in a great measure to the dis appointments of the Oaulfield Cup day. The Boz party are of course jubilant over their I success, but the Moorlanders arc par- < ticolarly core, and not without reason, at the ' inglorious figure that animal made in the race, i He was overlaid by many of the books, and if the V.E.C. prosecute the enquiry, which his trainer and part-owner is asking for, some interesting facts will be elicited. Moor bank in bis trial beat Boris time in the race, and it was on this that Mr. Broadridd and those who followed him put their money down. The Equatter was so incensed with the animal's defeat that a scene occurred in the rooms on settling day, and threatening language nearly eventuated in blows. The ring are said to have laid fcearly £70.000 against Moorbank, and thus a Urge sum depended on the care or nf gleet of those who are in charge cf the horse, or who have the handling of him until he panes the judge's box. The reason why white's hones are such great public favorites in addition to their own prowess is that every precaution is always taken, and every one can be sure when Hales is in the saddle of having a straight ran for his money. The reflection in the Moorbank caee, however, may nrt be on the owner, trainer, or jockey, but there is a grave suspicion Unit the horse was what is commonly known as "dead meat." before be fated the starter. lam not at liberty to say rrraefc about it, however, until the official enquiry has been wif^^*. Thoee who are interested in knocking the Derby and Cup favorites back in the market aie circulating reports that Dreadnought is going off, and that Singapore has symptoms of strangle*; they hope no doubt that something will happen to them before the day, as so hot a favorite as Dreadnought literally "strangles the betting, and that is how the term can be applied, Singapore is a very lazy hone on the track} «"?d «nmaHm«?« the steel has to be used to make him extend himself; but he throws all this off in tbe race, and goes at his work in the most lion- hearted fashion. It is to be hoped that both hones will face the starter fit and well} then we shall see what the others aie really made of. If it were not for the big sweeps the acceptances for the Cup this year would be small—probably sot a score—but a. number of bones may be started who will not hare the ghost o! a chance of wmciiig or running into a place, but simply for tbe purpose of allotting starters' money in the sweeps. The final acceptances for the Cnp have to be made en Tuesday, when a great number will go cut, and the best half down now in tbe betting will harden further in public favor. From the market indications it api/tais as thorwh Bravo's *ti?«f«? are gone, as be hurt himself in tbe box while going to Ballarat, but the exact extent of his injuries I have net jet'bad time to ascertain. As the cracks at Caulfield are now changing tbtir qcarten to Flemington greater interest will be taken in the daily gallops there, and as there is a week to Derby day and another yirggfr before the Cup is run some qf?nyftnt|l^ doings may be anticipated. Tbe Adelaide contingent have had bad luck so far. Bachelor won tbe w^fjiMi ?t reitom wick in the most raexpected manner, being quite unsupported by the stabla, who have only a very —"*ti ptaVn to reward *¥?«?"?; and Bordeaux who was backed, was beaten by Curiosity in the steeple. Parasite was also backed in the race he started for yesterday, but was left at the post when the flag felL The. accident-to Lady Doris is also a> slice of bad luck, but I hope for better fortune before the Flemington meeting is over. According to indications it is likely to be wet for the Moonee Valley meeting to-morrow, over which there is at present very little betting, but the half-dozen horses most fancied for the Cup areWhitefoot, Bothwell, Trojan, Prattler. Don Giovan, and Iris. To these, however, I prefer the chances ef Maelstrom. The betting market was very quiet to-night. Melos was will backed for the Gup up to S to 1, finishing easier. Knight of the Garter was also supported. The following were the latest quotations:— Cnp—loo to IS Singapore, 100 to 12 Carbine, 100 to 11 Melos, 100 to 11 Anteus and Benzan, 100 to 7 Chicago, Tmrmdale. and rUrAmn, 100 to 5 Pakeha, 100 to 4 Manton and Knight of the Garter. 100 to 3;Bravo and Silverton, 103 to 2 Tradition. Maribyrnong Plate—6 to 4 Correze, 4 to 1 bar one, Derby—? to 4 on Dreadnought, 6 to 1 Richelieu, 8 to 1 Singapore and Dunkeld. 