SPORTING. THE KAPUNDA RACES. WEDNESDAY, APHIL 10. A postponed race meeting rarely turns oat well, but this rule did not apply to the fixture at Kapunda on Wednesday. Within the last week the distrioc has been favoured with something like 7 inches of rain, aud the paddock whioh the committee had originally selected as a racecourse was in such a state three days after the postponement that the committee deoided to go farther afield and race at Bagot's WelL The change of venue was not finally settled upon until last Monday, and tbe management had very little time to fit out the newly selected track. They contrived to do a good deal in the time, ana for racing purposes the course is far and away superior to any other spot which can be procured near Kapunda. Better going it would be hard to find, and we hope that in future all tbe Kapunda meetings will be held at Bigot's Well, although it may be a little further from the town shau the other paddock. The special from Adelaide was well filled—the city contingent being stronger than it has been since the ye*r Fictitious and Lucy carried off the double. All along theline there was plenty of evidence , of the late rains, especially as we neared Kapunda, but pn this day the weather wis simply perfect, and the club were very lucky in timing the meeting for Wednesday. With several of the outlying townships shut off through tne washing away of bridges, many regular visitors were kept away, but stiil there must have been about 2.0M) present. Ihe ttain runs right to the course, but a great many preferred to do the four miles by road, and there were several smart turnouts on tbe course. All the swindling racecourse games were absent, but the police did not seem to have had instructions to stop the hand totalizator. There was some delay in starting the Light •Stakes, which was first on the programme. Six ran, and the Ghost's half-brother Salisbury was made favourite, the moBt likely looking of his opponents being Richmond, a very nice brown by the Fulham sire from Britannia. Petrie got Salisbury to the front as soon as possible, and let him sail along at hia best pace, but in the run home Richmond was catching him very fast, and the favourite only won by a short head. The hurdles put up for the next race were very good, and as there was plenty of room backers were content to lay even money on Simpleton. Mr. Ferry's gelding weat straight enough, but rapped repeatedly, and tbe hurdles being of an unyielding nature, he took all the steam out of himself before the real struggle began. Don Quixote laid well behind his field until ooming to the last turn when he joined Sir Joseph, and having him in trouble before reaching the last hurdle, he came away and won in a canter by two lengthB. The whilom Victorian crack did not look nearly so well as when he ran at Snowtown, and his victory affords another proof of how hard it is to stop a racehorse in bad company. With Batchelor and Arrow withdrawa only five were left to contest the Kapunda Handicap, and as the conditions of the race did not provide for penalties Micawber had only to carry his original handicap weight. The Northern crack stripped in rare form, and in this moderate company few looked beyend him for the winner. Comet made a strong pace, and at one time he looked like winning so far was he ahead, but his lead was only held on Bufferance, as Micawber ran up to him when he pleased and won hard held by two lengths. The half-brother to Little J ack's victory entails no further penalty for the Onkaparinga Cup. The committee . c eglected to measure the ponies before the race, and consequently several were running which were over height. Both Invermay and Popgun, who ran first and second, were disqualified, and the race awarded to Dattie who came in third. Six of the seven coloured for the Steeplechase Baddled up. Betting waB practically confined to Receipt aud Tamanack, the former having the call at the finish. It was a pretty race, all the six fencing safely, although Tamanack struck repeatedly and did not run at all kindly. For the last mile Receipt and Sir Joseph kept very close company, with sweep three or four lengthB in the rear. McGregor rode hard for the fall at the last two fences, bat Sir Joseph stood up and, having the foot of the favourite, he came away in the run home and won by two lengths. Tbe victory of the local horse was enthusiastically reoeived. The Railway Stakes was a very soft thing for Comet, who started at 4 to 1 on, and won in a canter. Four ran for tbe Consolation Stakes, which fell to Simpleton after a good race with Richmond. The totalizator worked satisfactorily and there were several good dividends. £519 passed through, the dividends being:—Light Stakes, £1 ISs.; Hurdle Race, £6 12s.; Kapunda Handicap, £1 16s.; Pony Race, £2 16s.; Steeplechase, £lS10s.; Railway Stakes, £L 10B.; Consolation. Stakes, £L6s. The Hon. Jen kin Coles, M.P., was Judge and Mr. T. F. Wigley Starter. LIGHT STAKES, Of £20. One mile; weight for age. Mr. H. S. Randell's bk.c. Salisbury, by Lockleys—Ada, 3 yia., 8 St., 8 lb. (Petrie) 1 Mr. H. W. Mortimer's br.g. Richmond, 5 yre.j 9 st. 1 lb. (A. Ringer) 2 Mr. John Cleary's ch.g. Harangue, aged, 9 at. 10 lb., including 14 lb. over (Worrall). Mr. JameB Hagen's b.g. Cultie, 6 yrs., S st. 10 lb. (Dacey). Mr. J. Shakes's b.g. Wellington, 4 yrs., 9 St., including 5 lb. over (E. Moyle). Mr. J. W. White's g.g. Joker, 4 yrs., 8 st. 9 lb. (A. Simmons). , Betting even agst. Salisbury, 3 to 1 Cultie, 4 to 1 Richmond, 7 to 1 Harangue. After a little delay Salisbury, Harangue, and Cultie jumped from Cultie aud Joker, Richmond getting off badly. Along the back Salisbury drew out, Joker taking second place, Wellington being third, and Cultie fourth, and Richmond still laBt. Going on Salisbury drew further away, and three furlongs from home was leading by six lengths, with Richmond coming fast, and taking second place, while Joker tripped, and lost his rider. Salisbury was the first into the straight, with Richmond and Harangue close together, but Richmond soon cleared the chestnut, and catching Salisbury fast in the run home was only beaten by a head. Harangue was four lengths off, third, with Cultie fourth, and Wellington last. Time, 1 min. 53 sec. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Of £30; second horse, £5. Two miles. Mr. 6. Kidman's b.g. Don Qaixote by Don Giovanni—Quickstep, aged, 11 st. 71b.. (J. McLean) 1 Mr. P. J. (JcDley's t.h. Sir Joseph, aged, 10 St., (Owner) 2 Mr. ,S. Ferry's b.g. Simpleton, 3 yrs., 10 st. 9 lb., (O'Leary) 3 Mr. H. W. Mortimer's b.g. Clipper, aged, 9 st. 8 lb., (J. Kain). Mr. H. McLean's br.g. Deceiver, 5 yrs., 9st. 7 lb., (Petiie). Mr. J. W. White's g.g. Joker, 4 yrs., 9 st. 5 lb., (A. Simmone). Betting—Even agst. Simpleton, 3 to 1 agst. Don Quixote, 5 to 1 others. Deceiver and Sir Joseph led away, but Joker showed the way to Sir Joseph and Deceiver at the first hurdle, Simpleton and Don Quixote being Bome distance off. Clipper then took oommand, with Sir Joseph and Deceiver next (Joker ran off], Simpleton being fourth, and Qaixote last. Simpleton, who was jumping wildly, hit the hurdle in the straight very hard and dropped back again, Clipper and Sir Joseph being almost abreast at the Stand, Simpleton running up third, with Quixote next. On the far side Don Quixote ran up to the leaders, and they were together opposite the Stand, Simpleton still losing ground at his jumps. Sir Joseph led Quixote round the far turn, Clipper being third, and at the turn there was no change, except that Simpleton struck again aud lost ground. Don Quixote and Sir Joseph entered the straight together, but the Don led over the last hurdle, and, coming away, won easily by two lengthB. Simpleton was six lengths off third, Clipper and Deceiver cantering in at long intervals. Time, 4 min. 23 sec. THE KAPONDA HANDICAP, Of £60, and Cup presented by Captain Osborne; second to receive £10. One mile and three-quarters. Mr. J. Cleary's br.g. Micawber, by Bolton Green—Charade, 5 yrs., 9 8t. 5 lb. (Worrall) 1 Mr. J. R. Snodgrass's b.g. Comet, G yrs., 7 st. 7 lb, (Petrie) ... 2 Mr. M. D'Arcy's br.g. Native, aged, S st. 3 lb. (Fagg) 3 Mr. G. Anderson's b.g. Steelbit, aged, 7 st. (Ellis). Mr. D. McLean's b.m, Bonny Doou, 6 yre., 6 st. 10 lb. (McLean, jun.). Betting—7 to 4 on Micawber, 4 to 1 agst. Steelbit, 5 to 1 others. When the word was given Native was first to begin, Micawber and Comet being next, and Steelbit last. Native continued in front to the straight, where Boanie Doon headed him. Comet going on third, with Micawber next, and Steelbit last. Opposite the Stand Bonnie Doon retired, and Comet took a lead of four lengths from Native, the favourite moving up at the same time. At the far turn Comet led Micawber three lengths, but the favourite soon overhauled him, aud leading into the straight won hard held by two lengths from Comet. Steelbit, who was third into the straight, was beiten half a length by Native for third place. Time, 3 min. 17 sec. PONT HACK. Thirteen hands and under—Half a mile. Mr. D. James's br.m. Dotty, 6 st. 101b. ... I Mr. D. Shannon's bk.g. Invermay, G st. 41b. Mr. H. Mortimer's b.m. Daisy, 7 st. 11 lb. -t- Mr. A. G. Nation's bk g. Sultan, 7 St. Mr. J. W. White's ob.m. Alice, 6 st. 4 Ib. Mr. J. M. Watts's g.e. Jerry. 6 st. 4 lb. Mr. H T. H. Morris'scbg. Taffy. Cat. Mr. J. O'Dea's b.g. Popgun, 6 st. Dotty and Sultan weie off first, but Popguu led into the straight, where he lost ground by swerving, and Invermay won by a neak. Both first ar.d second were disqualified for being over height, and the race awarded to Dotty. Time, 59& seo. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, Of £10; second to receive £50. Two miles. Mr. P. J. Conley'a b g. Sir Joseph, by Winterlake—Roxanna, aged, 10 st. 4 lbs. (Owner) 1 Mr. D. Carroll's b.g. Receipt, aged, 10st. 10 ib. (McGregor) 2 Mr. S. Ferry's bk.g. Sweep, aged, 10 st. 7 lb. (O'Leary) 3 Mr. G. Anderson's ch g. Tamanack, aged, 11 st. (Reid). Mr. H. W. Mortimer's b.g. Clipper, aged, 9 st. 7 lb. (J. Kaio). Mr. H. S. Randell's cb.g. Daybreak (late Richmond), aged, 9 st, 7 lb. (P. Hussey). Betting—5 to 4 on Receipt, 6 to 4 agst. Tamanack, 6 to 1 bar two. Daybreak led away from Tamanack, but at tbe first fence the latter hit and Daybreak was over eight lengths from Receipt, with Sir Jobeph and Sweep beading Tamanack, while Clipper was a long way out of it. In the straight Tamanack and Daybreak jumped almost together, with Sir Joseph, Receipt, and Sweep on very close terms, and pissing the Stand Receipt was just in front of Daybreak, with Tamanack, Sir Joseph, and Sweep in the order named. At the turn Receipt led Daybreak and Sir Joseph, with Tamanack dropping away again. Daybreak now retired, and Receipt and Sir Joseph went on from Sweep, Tamauack taking fourth place. For the rest of the diBtance Sir Joseph and Receipt kept close company, but Sir Joseph always had something in hand, and after getting over the last fence he came away and won easily by two lengths. Receipt beat Sweep ten lengths for second place, with Tamauaik, Daybreak, and Clipper in the order named. Time. 4 min. 30 seo. RAILWAY STAKES, Of £30. One mile. Mr. J. R. SnodgraBs's b.g. Comet, by Regalia, 6 yrs., 7 et. 10 lb. (Petrie) ... 1 Mr. S. Ferry's b.g. Simpleton, 3 yrs., 8 Bt. (O'Leary) 2 Mr. J. W. White's b.g. Lancer, aged, 7 et. 9 lb. (Simmons). Mr. G. Anderson's b.g. Steelbit, aged, 7 st. 5 Ib. (Ellis). Mr. D. McLean's b.m. Bonny Doon, 6 yrs,, 7 st. (McLean, jun.) Betting—4 to 1 on Comet. Comet was off first and cut out the work from Simpleton, with Steelbit third and Lancer last throughout. The positions never were changed, Comet leading all the way aud winning in a canter by two lengthB from Simpleton, with Steelbit a moderate third. Time, 1 min. 52 sec. CONSOLATION STAKES, 01 £10. Oue mile. Mr. S. Ferry's b.g. Simpleton, by Sir Edmund—Hortense, 3 yrs., 8 st, (O'Leary) 1 Mr. Mortimer's br.h. Richmond, 5 yrs,, 8 st. 9 lb. (Simmons) 2 Also ran—Cultie, 7 st. 7 lb.; Bonnie Doon, 6 st. 7 lb. Betting—2 to 1 on Richmond, 4 to 1 againBt Simpleton and Bonnie D oon. Bonnie Doon made the running for half a mile, when she retired in favour of Cultie, and Simpleton, the favourite lying last to the turn, where he challenged, but could never reach, Simpleton, who won a good race by half a length Bonnie Doon ran off, and Cultie bolted inside the course coming up the straight. Time, 1 min. 54 sec. 