[tinkling 6. Convention. Hibernian Hall fall. Chamberlain and Charchill. " Divil a twin or a mazel has he got, sor." Loopline from Terowie to Thyer's Corner. Two more victims of Balfonr's prison treatment. 400 delegates at Irish Convention, Melbourne. " The poorer the land the poorer the timber." Protestant and Catholic clergymen at the Convention. Cost of new Parliament Hoase ap to date, £156,800. "Bloodsuckers" Mr. Stock calls electioneering agents. . Great success of Catholic schools, at laWUniTcrsityoxams.; • The next ttudeyears the critical period for the Irish cause. . Mr. Playford andMr. Coles were not agteed on the land question. Laiid up to the value of £2,500 is exempt from taxation in Victoria. ' Fifteen different systems of 4e*^ng with our Crown Lands at present.. , Estimated epst of third rail between Terowie and Adelaide, £144,200. Some embryo legislators among the Christian Brothers' Old Collegians, Vic torjabas already saberibed£7,341 to the Irish Evicted Tenants Fond. Thirty-four totalizator licenses have been granted since the passing of the Aet. St. Patrick's Society, Melbourne, donated £50 to the Evicted Tenants' Fund. Mr. Dillon says Lord Randolph Churchill will be a good Home Ruler shortly. Twelve thousand pounds spent in relief of evicted families in Ireland in six months. " It is not the doty of Land Boards to keep up land values." Quite right, Mr. Playford ( Honest Tom says we have the most liberal land laws in the colonies, if not in the whole world. Messrs. Glyn, Mills & Co., London, receive £2,400 a year for dealing in South Australian inscribed stock. " John Burns, the Socialist, is a good man," says John Dillon, " I have cheered him many a time myself." Our justices are not to have their characters inquired into. "Where ignor ance is bliss, 'tis folly to be wise." There are no salaries paid in con nection with the Evicted Tenants" Funds in Ireland except one clerk. Twenty-one men havebeen imprisoned in Gorey, Ireland, for winking at the Earl of Courtown's pigs at the fair. The South Australian farmer has been treated better than any other in world, we are told, " and yet he fled." " Lord Hartington is the one man in England who stands between us and the realisation of Irish liberty," so says Mr. Dillon. A bag of wheat is carried 260 miles in Victoria for 1b., or 3d. per bushel. It would cost three times as much in South Australia. Two Protestant clergymen, Bev. J. W. M'Cutcheon and Bev. W. Currie, took part in the Convention of the Irish National League in Melbourne. It is right, the Piggottists in Aus tralia tell us, to sympathise with the London Dock Laborers, but not with the Irish tenants. Consistent. Wagner wrote a tragedy in which all the characters, forty-two in nnmber, were killed off in four acts, and all reappeared as ghosts in the fifth. Mr. Playford thinks that in many instances we might give the people the land on the sole condition that they resided on it and paid the land tax. Scores of men that candidates never saw before, and never wished to see again, endeavonred to convince them after an election that. their success was entirely dne to their efforts. • Smith Barry's Tipperary tenants have demanded a redaction of 25 per cent, on their rents, on account of the expense they have been put to in sup porting the Ponsonby tenants. Jadge Dowse says it appears as if the Removables come to court with their sentences already prepared. Dr. Tanner received three month's imprison ment for saying the same thing. Mr. Dillon tracts that Melbourne will soon possess a newspaper like Sydney, Adelaide, and Brisbane, which, while being trnly national and Australian, will have the courage to tell the trnth about Irish affairs. The Returning Officer estimates the average expenses of candidates for the> House of Assembly at £60, and for the Legislative Council, £150. Some have spent two or three thousand, and then have not got in. " It has been my lot," said Mr. Dillon^ " to stand in many of the great cathe drals in Germany, France, England, and America, but nowhere have I seen a sacred edifice to surpass St. Mary's Catholic Cathedra], Sydney." It is proposed to erect in some con spicuous position a statue of the Duke of Cambridge to commemorate his recent gallant engagement with a sick journalist—the first engagement, bythe way, which His Royal Highness ever stopped to see finished. 1 