COEEESPOKDENCE. WANTED A CAHDIDATE. To ta« EDITOE —SIB,—I hare rfcad with much amusement the Icltere from' '-Castlns * and ' JLtastralion Kabvo 1 on llio iibore subject Tboy arc tiro bright epeoimenk oE tho order—or disorder— kno«u as blliousi jealous!. I fancy your correspondent!! who over thov are not in the .field; aro ironia.be candidates, who, having folt tlieir wny, Cnd they h&vo; hot a ghostTof a abov. and no\v, lite the pBtti-, fogging attorney, cry 'abuse the othor side.' Mr. Deakin must have smiled at tho olmrgGs which vera hntled broadcast at him. Iiike tho cfierveBcence of lemonado bottle, they, 'the indignant howls, have passed nwny. Some people expect everything from the Government, even to scrapers at their front doors and woe to the representative -who does not accede instnnter"to their flomands. The fault in the past; that more has not been done for the boroughR. lies not with tho members, bnt the people, for sot agitating to.have the great and nnvrioldly electorate reduced. -Perhaps the re-subdivision: did not occur sooner than-required, for it ib Within- tho: past 3 or 1 years that tho boroughs Jiave shot ahead into so much importance. Now your correspondents wiremto Mesera. Daakm and Staughton as: if-- tliese,-gentlemen.:,,had. ..represented FJemington only for the past three years, forgetting to mention theJarge amount of work that these. .gentlemen;', on tbe Bggregafef': have : aooomplishedifor the elecWate . of^ iWest jBourke.:. -There^are flome people whogrosrup with a dog in the manger idea- from their birth and it is amusing to «ee how it affects xheir vision Tho Bon .removal of- the -cattle JardaMd _ _ Jis ^ _ 3 , «5ivil8^|yB&3jnfi ^^ISofa fef &B; efftfle yardSj^Deafen wifl"be fiye y^ats -old6r a politifcian v 3)eforeTia-flr tbe rate payers see the first postTemoved, and regarding tram accommodation it was impossible ^during llie Jand boom—mind tbe land botrn to provide accommodation for tho thousands who travelled freo gratis and for nothing np and down on sale-days.to tho utter discomfort of regular travellers. I know that scores of * gay young..sparks who 'inveated-a fiver in a block ofr.Iand as a deposit and gave their names on paper —paper collars — were wont to, travel wiih: the laaf train on Saturday.aight and because of the said investment became elated, noisy, and troublosomo: Then came the cry ' Blow Deokin,,why doesn't he see we get more carriages." Then, again, the report is circulated that Deakin has jumped Jim :Crow in politics- Has he? There has been no more consistent politician in broad liberalism-than the Hon: Alfred Deakin, and I: would.say, inconclnsion; than when all-the little boys -have snarled in turn in the rioroughs that -the '.old -pet of the people' will -go back to the kennel with twice as many admirers; Trusting that both your, correspondents\ will give us something fresh and on tho lines ?of truth if tlioy again rush into print is the only desire of . .. To TUE JSDIIOR.—Sat—I,have carefully' ,perusedithe:di£ferent letters on the'above subject in;your .journal, and-have come to the conclusion, with the whole of the writerB,' that Mr; Seakin has-rforfoited-the confidence of the electors of EsBendon and Flemington, and"tliat a local representative r of-.a.ness:ilond kind -would be : more acceptable.,to.::.the diBtfiot: Mr- DBakin's extraordinary career furniBheB us with a striking illustration of the ingredients of palitlcal-elistenee. One by one,'those who. entered .political ilifeiby. agitation and inflammatory'harangueB have been raised to office to receive the ivngeB of their •e^iterprise.T^ r.Oopinienoing ^as\\.an. inltra- Radical-audrtTie^eadbrof the^yoiing^-Aus-" tralnin national.parly, we nov/h'ehold him ,prof«BBijrg-.jpolitii'alivjjBwa,o£ :the;ultra-: XbpanallsfejBiia T» » 1..A. ,.'.1 ' 1 1 '-. \ ;po1it^l;^arty?froin;BerryiD;<}illii!a:; 'Mr. .D'Mkja'fl;.-.iuddena;3unipfroni::aEadioal 'Nationalist to & Conservative Impermliet ,wa«:a.luckyone.V'iNo-political^omeraan]t :was-:fever-:jnore..^hdioiously;calcuIated or more featly'exocnted.: It took himat one :clear i,spring f^from 4 riaok iaeat on' :tlie Opposition benches: into thB Chief Secretary'B' aeat. Mr. Deakin .haa .auited his icreed'to -hiBinecessihes,"and played on the principles,and.pohoyhBpromiaedto maintain;- ,Siri~I ask in all oarneBtnesBj-js.this the man.wiom the. electors are to make again-important that he may betray them? Mr. Deakin-lias turned : hiB back upon, defamed, and trampled on, .-everything which he .once-professed to.'respect and m invorso proportion: to the reveronce he onee paid:-: to .• menand--principles., is the hatred and abuse.which he now pours out on them; • -Mr. Deakin wanted place, he agitated for.. place,; intriged for place, roared for yiace, begged for place, and now he-has -it; but-for the district: he represents he haS:no:cart,r: :He must serve the;party:,who ;keeps him- for "moat substantial^wagcs; .This IB the history of-Mr Deakin'a political -career, the moral to he drawn;by:,aspirants<to Parliament is ttbil: foment agitation, gam' notoriety, .become troubleBomo.and'Baleable. Besnlt—office and,pay.. Sir, there csn bo no--conflict of opinion, »Mr.;.Deakm ihas Hogranltly sij;- nalised himself .as a political apoBtote, andtiiere can. be no doubt the vengeance of the electors,Is sure to follow suohconduot If Mr/Deukin wantato advanes hispnvate fortune; let him find some other ladder to it'sthlini'=tho -people's boclr; he -has no .tonously .neglectedthe advancement of his constituency ,for.jhiB... personal ends. No matter.who the other' candidates are, takethe better or the worae of them, for the benefit of.the district, take anyone -before Mr. Deakin, so long as he,possesses a stake: howsoever-little, in the constituency that: heimayremsih interested in its progress. Publio opinion at ithe preaent-time in tlie district :is;sound:and.bealthy on the need ofa:change.of;representative3n:favor,of.a: good iocal men; ..several natneli are" freely mentioned. So far, however, no ono hiis idefinitely- iannoun^ed^iimBelf; Bj-keejiing; ib^kfethejaBtOT^enfcintendingcandid-- SBaS^PBraMRM^ffi^H^SDei^ "J" o>oVtrhVot-bei5g- or'niiisW and- a- hrijgorons canvaBssentered'on:at^'onpe. ;I:aV iexcpedinglj--sdesirouSKa::;lpoal-- v.;candidate: abonia:?MB'.-;Wbicnv«o»ult: cani-only- be: iachievedSby.limej'toiljiand'zealouB work pf a powerful .committee to thiE end.: I shall : be pleiiped to contribute my chare of ihe expenBO, and place foot, hand, pen and Fipeecli of mine at the -dispoflal- of.. the,can-.: .didatejion condition iamtarts in time to win. I must apologize for the eitrenio •length-.of ,-thiB: communication,--, and. trust that ihe urgency of the occasion will plead ' ias kny--excuse. -Whatever may b» flie'out- Some-.of ^thiB -correspondence, I'.have to .thank one, end all. of.yonr.correspondents for-the. opportunity" given -of drawing -attention: of-our huntiliation and ,neglect >by: .thoi present. parliamentary representatives.—Tourafcc., .-.:.. ' Kewmarket, 8 I 1 | 89. JFAIE PLAV. A RADICAL NATIONAIISI. 