:1[ov int. I The Midnight Prophecy oi: TIlE HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. BU Em?nual GJwre'i-isot Jonles. CHAPTER LIVII. "I WILL SAYE YOU." "I climbed the gory vulture's nest. And found the tre'mbling dove within." The voice of Mother Gwvynneth aroused her from a deep sleep, the sleep of utter exhaustion. She started up with a thrill of terror. The sun was shiining in at the jindow, and the ocl woman was p!lacing the tray containing her breakfast on the table. ' Ye slumber late, my lassie," she re marked, as 3Maggie sprang up, all dressed i.s she had thrown herself down ; " ye mast a keep bad hours last night ; see " pointed to the empty candlestick-" yer candles burnt out." "I like to burn my light all night in this ghostly place," replied Maggie, iuietly, but thrilling with terror lest the dust on her clothes or some disarrange mIent about the room should betray her; "andlg?otto rummaging among the dusty old books, too, to pass away the timne 'tis awfully dull shut up in this way, my good woman." Woeel, weel," responded the old woman. her eyes gleaming wickedly, " twras yer own stubborn will as brung ye iere; way rLu0Ja ye marry tneo-yuou5 laird at once ?s' " ecause I was foolish, 1 dare say," slid dMag ie, obayinga sudden determin S:iln to pretend she was beitng conquered in order to ward off suspicion ; "but L,nrd Augus should have been patient and not whisked me off and shut me up like a iprsocer. I can't forgive hitu." " Ye, ye call," coaxed 'Mother Gwyn netih. " Why lihe done it all fur love of ye, and ihebe a braw young laird tas any lassie need be proud to wiln. Ye'll for ;ie I im an' milet him wi' a kiss when he gets back fromn Lunnon, wnll?t ye Iun 1' 3Iaggie tossed her head with a charm ing coquettish air. ' When does he come 1" she asked. "To-morro.r, mebbe; lie thought to be gone a week, but BIrkit camni last night .:a' says Ie'll be back sooner-so ye may he lookin' ynr puttiest. Coom, here's yer breakfast all hot now ; sit ye down an' 'a',an' don't fret any more; I shall be busIy to-day. since the young laird cooms tU'-mnurrowv." She left the room, lacking it after her, and Maggie heard her go ltufliing down thet great stairway with the blood-hound whiiung at her heels. lie followed the old creature wherever she went. To-morrow! Lord Angus coming back to-morrow! Oht, what should she do? ilow should site escape ? She sat for a long time in deep thought. There seemed to be no hope, and she came to her decision in silent ilaeies. If the rworst canme ale would .dip throigh the aperture, replace the sliditg )panel, and lie down in the awful g~o:nt somewuhere below and die. They iould never lind her for it was evident they knew nothing of the secret pas itu: it woril be a dreadful end to life anI her oI1 father mourning over her And the Esrl of Strathspey! At thuihlit of hlin she started up. The ro lameibrance of his white face and hungry eyes thrilled her with new hope. She crossed over to the table. The breakfast was very temnptiin and sale was weak and hungry. She ate one cake, a little bit of the broiled baco, and srwallowed a mouth ful of tea; the remainder she reserved for the poor sufferer below. But dare she attempt to mrke the doaoonthy daylighti What if some one should enter her rooal d itid the panel open, the secret stair way revealed 1 But she could not bear to let the earl fami h tilrouhont the loeg, long day. She resolved to risk it. Taking the food in her apron as before ahe removed the panel and hurried down. When she reached the vault she was breathless. The peer, rcelining on his bed of stone, heard her coming and aro-se to meet her, his white face eager and tling. It had seemed an eternity since she left him. She spread her breakfast before him and invited hitm to partake of it. lBut, my little friend," he said, gravely, his eyes turning withwistfullong inm toward the food, in spite of his will, I cannot prolong my life at the cost of ursa--you bring me your food while.you are staring !, "Oh, no," she cried. "No, indeed. I have eaten some, and I sh?ll hlave more at raon-please eat it, and try to getyour strength; you will need it nall. And 1 must lieave you again this moment. I will come again; inthe meantime, remain a quiet, and do not despair. The darkest hour is just before the dawn." Sihe fld away as she hdil come, with n noiseless steps, up the spiral stairs, and back to her prison. The morning wore away. Noon came, and a hot September sun blazed ddown upon the hoary battlenents; the long,long afternoon, the cool gray twilight, and at last, at last the silent night. Maggie threw aside the old volume she had been trying in vain o read, and went to the window with a sigh of relief. The day had seemed so endless, and she had lon.ged for the night with a vague hope. A groundless hope, alas, for there was not the most remote possibility of escape. Yet she longed with feverish im patien.e for the darkness, and welcomed is now, and watched the great white stars;, flashing out in the far-off sky, with tear dimmed eyes. Her keeper came up with her supper and a little morsel of .candle that would not last through half the night. "I won't have ye watching the night through, an' makin' a ghost o' ycrsel," she said; "go to bed like a gudo lassie; yer braw young sweetheart will be here to-morrow." Maggie shuddered and sat down by the casement, that foolish, vague hope still tormenting her. She reserved hersupper for the carl, intending to take it donn to him by and by. Slowly the hours went by, and she sat there counting her own heart-beats. She could hear the fir trees moaning in the September winds, and the sea beating on the sands below, and at last, after weary, weary waiting, sheo heard that for which sihe had hoped with such feverish unrest. The sweet flute-notes set to the music of the dear old song, "The Camp bells are coaing." Assured now that it was intended as a signal to herself, she arose, in a tremor of excitement, and lit her bit of canidle. Thenirhe made her way out, and started npi the dizzy stairs again. Impatience winged her feet, and selo made the long and tiresome ascent very speedily. A stout wind was blowing when she reached the tower-chamber, and she hurried her candle into a sheltered corner lest it should be blown out. Tlhen shelo tore a strip from her apron, and twisting it intlo a wisp, lit it at the blaze, and hastening to the window threw it out as before. The wiind caught it and whirled it away, like a flaming petition in the dark ness, and swift as thought, front below, came the dulcet numbers of "Highland Mary." Maggie knew that she was answered. A dtlicious thrill stirred her heart, and a bright bloom suffused her waxen cheeks as he gazed down the dizzy distance. She could see a man's figure crossing the barren heath below, and raising ar arm, ever and anon, with a warning gesture. She watched the dark, tall figure with fascinated eyes. It auproached the base of the ruins with rapid steps, and then she lost sight of it. Still site did not re move her fascinated gaze, but continued to lean over the stone sill, her eyes strained down into the shadowy depths below. Ten minutes passed in dead silence i Then. all at once, a strain of exquisite melody broke on her car. And, wonder of wonders, it came, not from the heath below, but from soeine near point. Her heart throbbed with painful rapidity, and slit drew back half in terror. Tell minutes more ! The great owl, startled from his roost in the ivy, flew out with a wild cry, and in the after silence the girl caught, at intervals, the sound of hoarse, panting respirations. Impealled by someti emotion stronger than her terror, she leaned far out into the night, and she caught sight of a man's head protruding above the clustering ivy. A low, startled cry escaped her lips. It- was instantaneously answered. " Be quiet," spoke a clear, firm voice: a voice thatt inspired her with conlidence anid courage; "do not fear; I am cominig to helpyou." " Come on !" she responded, still look ing out. The ivy vines that clung about the lofty tower began to shake and rustle, the panting respirations came nearer, and presently the man's head came distinctly into view-a handsome, blonde head, and a pair of shining, resolute blue eyes. Their owner was accomplishing the dar ing feat of climbing the " Border Watch tower" by aid of the ivy vines that covered it. He came up cautiously, but fearlessly, now clinging by his arms, now finding a footlihold against the rugged masonry. Maggie grew sick and faint as she watched him, but he smiled up into her white face, as it hung over himu in the silvery moonlight; and in aiother breath he swung himself up to the window-sill, and leaped in. Covered with perspiration, and almost gasping from his great exertion, his close fitting luntting-jacket torn into shreds, his hand some face flushed, his blonde curls all in a toiuble; yet Maggie knew himt in ain instant. lIe was the young stranger who had drawn her front under the horse's feet at the "Lion and the Unicorn," and to whom she appealed for help when Lord Angusa forced her away. I-Her eyes bIrigightened, and a lovely color rose to her clio ks. She extended her hand with a shy but exquisite grace. "I rememCber you," she said, simply; ': and you have risked your life to come to To h -y,?-uuilinifi brb .?e d f?ana-_ t ok d colt little fingers in his own shapely hand. "No, not .quite that," hlie replied. "'Tnwas a close thing, I'll admit, but I've a talenout for climbing, and the ivy is strong and safe ; my life was in no danger. But I'm gland you renmember nme,'" hie aidded, with a flishig glhnce, ".because I've never forgotten you for one single itotiecl:t; aleeping ir waking, your fece Shas han:ited nce. I knew you were nit mad, as they as.scrtid, ald I deterinined to save you. I followed the carriage that bore yon away tihat night. mind s;a.tw you conveyed into this place ; a:d finding to othler mmde. of entra?ce, you seo, 'I've climbed the ,gor" vnltnrc's nest.' And now, what can [ do for you. "Help me to escapei," replied MIagiie, prtmptly. "If I remain till to-morrow, a fate worse thian death will be mine." -. lie considered a moment, hirs hIndsome face turned toward the setting moon.i "First. tell tie," :he thedn replied, "lio'v you ever noinliaed to': ge ti up here, if, as I infer, you thave beoO -al' s: pr~: soner. You surely did not ascend by the h secret stairway '" i "Yes, I did," Maggio replied. "I di- n covered it by chance, and camo' u here attracted by the sound of your flute; but y I fancied no one know that such a stair- h way existed." \- The young man smiled, showing hli" handsome white teeth. h It "'You fancied rightly.. I stumbled upon it by chance, like yourself, when I] this old place was unoccupied and I was b ,here on an investigating tour ; but I can't k well believe that you had the courage to ascend it." i "I did," said Maggie. "I woiuld go g through the gates of death, I think, to ri niake my escape." " lie flashed another glance upon her from his brighitblpe eyes. " "Come, then," he said; " we have no u time to lose, and there is but one way. b The -doors and gates are barred" and bolted; and Mother Gwynneth and her k blood-hound are playing sentinel. We 55 mustsgo down by the ivy." n ' Maggie started in surprise, and greoi a a shade paler as she glanced down the dizzy n distance. c ' "There's no danger," replied the stranger, encouragingly; "if you will q only trust me, I will save you. Conie 'I" He held out his hand, and Maggie drew t near. "Now you'll have to cling to me with a all your strength- here, this way, so that a I can use my hands in descending, and i do not fear;" you look like a brave t girl." d She permitted him to clasp her close, 5 while she twined her arms about his stal wart shoulders. He was just on the a point of springing through the window, e when she uttered a quick cry ! " Oh, I had forgotten I" she exclaimed; v " how utterly selfish I am in my eager- e ness to save myself. There is another prisoner in this old castle- away down in it the old donjon keep, the Earl of Strath spey lies dying. We must save hiin-I a wo'tlcavc him behind." The young mant'rned and faced her, a t curious expression in his eyes. " What do you say ?" he cried ; " the I Earl of Strathspdy a prisoner her'e ?" c " Yes--is own son, or the boy rather, I who has been reared as his son, lured him here by a false letter, and locked him a in the donjon to die. Providence sent v me down to him, I think, and I saved his life by sharing my food with him." t "And why should this boy lure his r father here, and leave him to die ?" ques- N tioned the stranger, a slight tremor run ning through his clear voice. "The earl ruspects that the boy is not his son, and talks of renouncing him, iand the young man wants to murder him, and secure the earldom." For the space of an iustant the young man stood silent, a slow flush arising to his I fair, clear-cut face. " Well," he ejaculated at last, "of all strange things, this is the strangest, the Earl of Strathspey incarcerated here by his son and heir. I can scarcely believe it." "It is true," cried Maggie, eagerly; "and lie will die--he looks like death now-and I have carried him no food since morning. Oh, sir, can't you help me " "Of course I will-I'll rouse the oflicers of the law, and ransack this old ghost nest from top to bottom--" "But every moment is precious," inter posed Maggie; "the young Lord Angus, as lie is called, falsely enough too, for 1 have the proof that he is no son of theo earl." -' What, you have the proof 1';" 'Yes-I found it, as I seem to find everything, by mere chance, in the fla- 1 nel mantle worn by that poor little babe th::t was found, on the Tyrol mountain the written proof that---" " Hist !" cried the young man, catching at her arm, " there's a carriage below put out your candle, quick !" Maggie darted across to the center in which the candle flickered, and ex tinguished it with a breath, then she I turned to the window, gaziing cautiously down. A two-wheeled vehicle containing a couple of men was howling up the gravel I walk. In a recond they paused at thegreat; gate, and one of thlem l, aped out, and 5 proceeded to unlock it. Maggie had ai fair view of the other as he sat ih the white moonlight. "Oh, heavens !" she whispered, her t cheeks paling with terror, "it is Lord Anigus, the earl's seo ; we are lost?" "Nay," replied the stranger, "not lost yet. See, they have eoutred-3Mother Gwy:netl's blood- hound bids them wel come. Comen ! He clasped her firmly with one arm and I approached the window. " But the earl ?"gasped Maggie, shiver. ing with terror, as she heard the fierce baying of the beast below. " I'll save hi:u," replied the young man, quietly; "but you must be got into a safe place first. Come--tl; moments are precious." And clasping her once more, he leaped lightly through the window and swung himself out. CHAPTER LXVIII. TIIE HEIMsITv' CAVE. "Now cling to me with all your might," hlie said, gently, "and don't look down ; keep your eyes on tihe moon. Poor little dove, do not tremble so; 1'll not let you fall." - He swung himself out, holding on to the window-sill, and Maggie clisped him close with her lithe, young arms, her wide, _."."n eyes6c fimi.non thlle whitoSetem bsrii-ob-'idropping Rioicly -ouat ueg. behindthoScottishl hills. Downs he went, swinging himself from one twisting vine to another, never for one moment loosen ing his firms clasp. Maggie could feel his heart throbbing with greatn bouilds, and ihear him breathing" in gasps, so tremend oels was Isis exertion. High fellowship bcets love, it is said, and I tintk the old doctor's fair daughlter verified the old raying, ii her hazardous descent thlat nighlt. if lshe did not love thlis brave young stianger, who held her so firinly in. Isis arms, nnd risked his life for her sake; wi'.h every breath lIe drew her heart was filled withl' a boundless gratitude. Down ands down, from one gnarled ;vine to an: other, past the hoary 'battlements, past the mulhoned windows, now suspended in -iid-nir, anon slidingu don;n tlherugged rek, deceived by a treachdierou's hold, but -fe at last. M"-sagsi': feet liou?ched the crisip,: br·oiin soil of thse bliglited iealh s at:ia the baseof tie great tower ; her brave knglihtrelaied his firm clasp, reeled for a moment, pant- I ingand gaspinmg for breath, and then stood t nobly' eet. ' Oh, what shall .I over. do to repay a you ?'' began M3iggie, in her gratitude, but t he cut her short: "Hush,' lie said, grasping her hand; "wo shall have the blood-hound at our heels.- Cone I" He hurried her across the heath, round the skirt of the fir thicket, and under the base of the mountain, toward the cavern known as the".Hermit's Cave." The entranic was 'nlescriba'ly gloomy in the fitful light of tue setting moon ; a great, yawning chasm opening' under a rocky roof, curtained by black' fir-branches and rank growing vines. lie smiled down upon .her as they neared this dismal entrance, something unutterably tender and reassuring isnhis bright, resolute eyes. . "'Don't be afraid, little one." ho said, kindly; ' you have been very braveo to night. We are safe now-a friend of c mine lives .in this gloomy cave-a good I and wise old rman, whose hospitality we must share :a-night. You can trust me, can you not '?". "I'can trust you," said Maggioe, quietly. He led her on through a kind of rocky tunnel, dark and damp, which led at last e into a wide, reverberating cavern. Away I at the remote end a taper glimmered, and as they drew near, Maggie perceived a t little square compartment, formed in a turn of the cavern, fitted up as a humian dwelling. At their approach'an old man, wearing the garb of an ancient monk, with a black cowl on his head, and a white, flowing -beard, appeared in the entrance. "Who comes?" lihe demanded, his f voice awakening a thousand sepulchral echoes. "A friend," responded the young t main. At the sound of his voice teo hermit advanced to meet them. '" You are welcome, my son," he said then his eye fallinug on Claggie, wlmolung to her deliverer's :arm half in terror, he added, "You have succeeded, I:see come, my child," extending his hand to her, "the hermit bids you welcome." He led her into his rude little temple, and seated her on the bench before the wood fire that blazed in one corner. " You are white and cold." he said, turning to a small table, and pouring some wine from a flask, "drink this, it will do you good." Maggie obeyed, and felt the rare old vintage tingling thrnughs her chilled veine, and bringing a loew to her cheeks. " And you, my son," coniuued the her mit, turning to the young man, "louck worn out-a drop will reliew your strength." lut the young man shook his head. "No wine for me," he said, smiling, " but a glass of cold water, if you please -and five miliutes to breathe in, tlhen I must leave this young lady in your care; and be offagain-tlhe Earl of Strathapey is a prisoner in. the old donjn." The hermit turned in amazement. "The Eirl of Strathspey a prisoner ? How casn that be ?' "The mani who, bears .his iname. who has been reared as his son, has confined himn there to die. '" And wherefore ?' "To secure th6 earldom-the carh doubted that he was in truth hisa son, and talked of renouncing him." For a minute the two looked into each otlier's eyes, and then the hermlit laid his hand upon the young man's shoulder. "I see!" lie answered, soleumly; "l:lsaulus, my son, IHeaven's justice may be selie, but it is sure !" The young mas sat silent an instant, and then he arose. " I must not delay," lie said; " every moment tells, and the earl must be rescued this night." " Why not call out the proper authori tics, and have the ruins searched ?" sug gcsto:l the hermit, "That would take time in this wilder ness," replied the other, ' and the earl's enemies would be pretty sure to murder him while a pair of olicoers are pounding at the gates. No; I'll try it myself. I've climbed the tower twice to-night, and I'll make the third attempt. I can get on better without help than with it." lie started down the cavern, and then turned back abruptly. "If anything should befall me," lie said, coolly, "and I don't return, you will see that this young lady is restored to her friends T' "I will," replied the hermit. "But, my son, do not rashly throw away your life." "I shall save the earl, and myself too, if possible," was his quiet answer. "I thiuk I'm a match for MIther CGwynteth anl all her emissaries, the blood-iound included." lie took a short knife from a crevice overhead, and put it in his bolt as he spoke. Maggie watched him, willth whitening cheeks, her very heart sinking witlin her. Sho arose, and extended her hand. \- "You risked your life to save ume," she faltered, "and I have not even thanked you--and now-" "MIy success in saving is ample re ward," he replied, taking her trem blig liand, ' and retaiuning it in his firme clasp. "You are not afraid to re main here ?" io aldcd. - " Why do you tremble so?" . "Not afraid-oioh, no, not for myself but for- your safety," she nmurniurcd, dropping her eyes shyly beuneath hIis gaze. he seld to his lips. ?With grave reverence. "Do not fear,"' ls replied, gently; "I shall come to no harm. Farewell 1" He turned again to go, but looked back, struck with a sudden remembrance. •"You said you-had proof," he said, " thlat this iman who bears the earl's name is not his son.t Milay I ask lhiat proof 1"' M .Maggie resumed her seat, and, with a deprecating glance. and a movement of exquisite grace anmd modesty, removed the boot from lier dainty foot, and extracted the yllow paper from its hiding placo bo neath the lining. ".I pI?t it there for safe keeping,". ashe explained, as she linded it to the ·soung man. 'Ilh.id only found it when I wus drugged and forced froim homme.". .: 1 'He ran it over with his keen blue eyes, t a hot flush eounting to his cheeks. Then lie passed it to the hermit. a "Little f"irl,' he saidil, turng again to : Mageie," I thiink there :is sousle ioer, I higher and niore divine than niiere chance; at work for us all to-night. You will think so to, by.and by. GOcd-bve." And, with a bow -and smile, he dis appeared, and Maggie was left alone in the hermit's care. To be continued. 