THE STORY-TELLER. MISS TWEED'S GHOST SlORY. A TALE FOR THE PEOPLE. Br Sabah Doddney, Author of " When We Two Ported," " Thine Heart'* Deeiro," &ci; She did not tell the etory very often. In the fjrpt ulace the waa a woman of few word*,. who loved oett&r; to . liaten thpn to talk; and in toe aeoond place'lew people helieved the tale when they heard it. . That ii, they did not believe the ghostly part of it; and when Miss Tweed saw' ah incredulous expression on the fasea oi her hearers shewn* apt to fee} a little angry. Her anger did not born .fiercely, and it never lasted long: bat she Was one of the truest little persons In the world, and', to be doubted in the least was painful to her. So that it was no easy matter to overcome her reserve; and I do not think I should ever have heard her ghost story if certain ciroomatanoea had not drawn ns olosely together. ' We were sitting In the front parlonr of an old honae among the hills. Not stem hille with ragged aides and mighty chasms, bat qniet heights rising gently against the sky— hille that made you think of peace and rest. The windows looked ont upon a garden, and beyond the gate there was a white road tha went winding away until it waa lost to sigh in the folds of the green downs. It was an evening in summer-time. I had come to this tranquil hllloonntry to find refreshment and repose, and my days were spent in a dreary calm. When I wanted a oompanion MieB Tweed oame to ait with me in the front parlonr, whioh had been given np to my use. Very soon it would be ner parlonr, and her hands were busily ' making new coverings for'aofa and ohairs. fint it oonld never be greatly altered, and ho aid make it unlike this modern deoorator won! dim, old-fashioned room, sweet with flower soents, and full of golden lights and shadows. To me it had always seemed a veritable Chamber of Peace, " Mice Tweed," I said, suddenly breaking a pause, " I want to hear yonr ghoBt story. A slight troubled frown appeared for a moment on Miss Tweed's forehead; bat it was a frown wbiob did not show ill-temper in the least. It merely betokened a little perplexity and indecision, " Mrs. Callaway must have been tattling, I'm afraid," she remarked, " And yet it isn't her way." " She did not tattle," I declared etontly. " She only eaid you had had a very strange experience, and when I questioned her she admitted that yon had Been a ghoBt." "Edward's mother believes in my ghost fceoanse she believea in me," Miss Tweed re plied, after a moment's thought. " Bat I don't think yon wonld, Yon see, you are wiser and more cultivated than we are, and yon would explain it away." " Yet wisdom and cultivation have never qnite euoceeded in explaining away ghosts," eaid I. "Anyhow," she answered solemnly, "I will tell yon one thing. I never believed in a ghoBt till I saw one with my own eyes." And then she told me her story. Amjr Tweed was born in Hillebire, scarcely two mileB sway from the old farmhouBB In which I -net her first. It was a humble borne, but oheery and sweet, as sueh country homes sre wont to be when good folks live in them. The father, Daniel Tweed, was a plain man, but shrewd withal, and he had managed to put by a little money for his son Dan and his daughter Amy. "You'll be taking a husband one day, my dear," he seed to my to the girl, "and yoa won't get to blm quite empty-handed. I hope he'll be some one who belongs to this part of the world, Amy; I don't like strangers, you know." "I don't think I shall ever care for a stranger, father," she replied, a warm oolour tinging her cheeks. " I'm not fond of new faces myself." And Daniel Tweed exchanged a meaning glance with his Bon Dan, for they both knew that Amy's heart was given to one who was not a stranger. They had Been her eyes brighten when Noel Bennet oame to spend hiB holidays with his peopleat Orchard Farm: and although the Bonnets had always held their heads above the Tweeds, yet they had email cause to be proud, For It was through the influenoe of William Tweed, a shop keeper in London, that Noel had got a clerk's place in an office in the oity. To he sure the salary was not high, and :Noel was glad of any help that could be had from his friends. But he was a clever fellow, full of strong hope and ambition, and every one prophesied that he wonld make hie way in the world. One evening Daniel Tweed stood leaning on his rate, and looking up at the broad golden elope of the great cornfield that lay between his cottage and Orohard Farm. The heat of the long July day was over, and delioate scents oame floating towards him from the tall lilies in his garden—the lilies that Amy had always tended with pride and care. His heart was fall of Amy as he stood there in the sweet Btillnsss of the evening, and as he looked up the slope he saw two figures coming down, side by side, along the nartow path that ran through the corn. " Noel and Amy," he said to himself. " I wonder whether they've been settling any thing?" Yes, they had been settling something. To the last Jsy of her life Amy will never see the soarlet poppies growing among the | without thinking of her ei amber com without thinking of her early love. A woman never forgets her first offer. Although the man who made it might be puzzled if he were asked when and where he spoke the words, she remembers time and place. She knows just the spot in the path where he paused and told her that he loved her; and she would recognise that spot even it were built upon. and covered over with brioks. and changed to all other eyes. But , the place where Noel told hie love is not ohanged, and the narrow way runs down the slope of the broad field to this very day. Amy Tweed was not thought pretty by the people amongst whom ehe lived, but even in these early rural days she never bad quite the usual aspect of a oonntry girL Her com plexion was pale, and she was dark-haired and grey-eyea, while most .of the girls vound were fair and rosy. Noel Bennet, however, admired her graoefal figure, and the way in which she wore her cotton gowns and simple bonnets, and as he led her np to the gate there was a look of triumph in his handsome face, whloh told that he was proud of;the woman he had won. When they were olose to him Daniel Tweed lifted his arms from the gate, and opened it tolettbem enter. Hie daughter looked at him with a blush and a smile aa she ran past him into the cottage, and he smiled book at : her. Yet, happy aa ahe waa, a audden ! shadow seemed to fell on Amy's heart at that moment. It struok her that her father woe looking old and worn, and that the aepeot of his kind old face waa altered. \- The old man and the young one remained together In the garden, and Mod asked Daniel for Me daughter in a plain, manly \ 'isbion. Tbe answer was jnst what he bad expcoti-d. Daniel was quite realj to give his Consent to tbe engagojnent, and thought all the batter of Noel fof hot pleading for early marriage. " You're ootoyqnug, Noel," he said, "and it'll he well for. ypn, to climb & little higher, up Sbe/nill; before .you take a „ite.- My girl will -have-something ofher own, and that'll help .yon when, the time comes, There's she hundred pounds—three hundred anieoe for her and Dan." That was the last talk that Daniel ever had with his intended son-in-law. He died sis Weeks later, and the brother and sister were left in the old cottage alone. - ■ ■ " I can't bear the place now,"- wrote Amy to her lover. " And Dan is going to marry Lizzie Ward, and 1 fancy I oould not get on with her very well. He wishes me to live here ea well, bnt I will do as yon tell me, Noel. You want me to oome to London and get into a dressmaking business. It is a good idea; I have always been iond of making, gowns, and I think I might do well if I were properly taught." So Amy went to London, and proved her self so clever that she was reoeived into Madame Viotorine'e fashionable establish ment in the West-End. . Unole William Tweed had kindly offered to invest her £300, and ehe had snoh perfect oohfidenoe in hie sagacity that ehe pnt the money into hie ban da. Noel, too, had faith in Unole William, and for some time things went on very welL Noel liked to have his sweet heart near him. He was proud of her improved appearance and the readiness with which ehe adapted herself to town ways. Es thought a great deal of her money, too, and was always turning the £300 into £3,000 In his mtnd. And, Amy, although she never ceased to mourn for her father, was happy in Noel's love, and oontented with her new life. Two years went by, and Miss Tweed was reckoned one of the best hands fn the dress maker's establishment. . Madame Viotorine occupied a large house in H street. Cavendish-square, and Amy had no reason to complain of her quarters, for Madame waa ooneiderate. Her yonng women worked hard, bat they ate good food and slept in oomfortable roomB, end if Amy sometimea sent a longing thought to her old country home she had no wish to give up her situa tion and return to Hillsbire. Noel waa aiwaya devoted ; now and then there were leisure hoars which they ooald spend together, and on the whole Fate was kind to them both. It was at Christmas that a crashing blow fell upon her. Unole WiUi&m.; had been unfortunate in his investment, and her three hundred pounds had gone, with some of his own money. The |>oor man was bitterly sorry for her loss, and his regret waa so genuine tnat she would have forgiven him - at once if it had not beeo for NoeL But Noel would not hear of forgiveness. He seemed to have forgotten the kindness he had received himself from Unole William, and Amy was worn ont with listening to the harsh things spoken of her relations. It was the most miserable Christmas that abe ever had known. "Don't say any more abont my wretched money, Noel," she entreated at last. " We are both earning something; we have youth and strength and love. Snrely we are not so very badly off, after all." "Youth and strength and love!'_ he repeated scornfully. "They are fine things to begin life with, bnt they are not warranted to wear." . . It waa the first time that she had caught a glimpse of the trne nature of Noel Bennot, and after that revelation she seemed to have - entered into a changed world. Her Noel, whom she had loved so well, had vanished, and this hard sneering man had taken hie place. It soaroely surprised her when be proposed that they should break off their engagement. Times were hard, he said: thugs looked blaok in tne city; he feared that it would be a long while before he oonld provide for a wife. Was it not better, there fore, to say good-by ? , . The dull days oame and went, and Amy worked aa usual; but when the working hours were over there was no joy for her. The other girls had their sweethearts, some real, and some make-believe, bnt Miss Tweed was left alone. The weather was bitterly cold, and the people were crying out for bread, and Amy'a aching heart took np the cry. She, too, was starved with heart hnnger. She, too, was poor, and it was hard to live in snon a oruel world. So It oame to pass that she spent all her leisure time among the distressed and unemployed, listening to their grievances, doing all tnat she oonld to relieve their sufferings, and blending their sorrows with her own. The winter passed, the spring oame, and Madame Viotorine's hands were bnsy from morning till night. It promised to be a bril liant season; but Amy toiled away at the beautiful dresses with, many a bitter thought of those who would wear them. They were all so rloh and giddy and heartless—these fashionable ladies—she said to herself. Day after day their oarriageB oame rolling up to Madame's door, and Madame heraelf, all emiles and deferenoe, decided the impor tant qnestion of what they were to wear on this and that occasion. Miss Tweed grew sick of their patrioian faces and trained voices. Surely they were dolls, and not - creatures who oonld suffer and lava as she had done t She would not believe that there was snoh a thing as a heart to be fonnd among them alL * In May there oame a splendid wedding order, which set even Madame Viotorine'a calm bosom in a flatter. The only daughter of the Earl of Ironside waa to be married to Lord Arthur Malvern, and nothing elae was talked of in the workrooms. The fashion able world, too, had a great deal to say aboot the match. Lord Arthur, although he was a Duke's eon, waa a poor man, and it waa thought that he was more in love with Lady Clara's money than with Lady Clara herself. All kinds of rumours were afloat; some said that the bridegroom-eleot was desperately enamoured of a pretty actress, and detested the golden fetters that oLrcnmstanoea were forcing upon him ; others deolared that there was not a grain of truth in this story, and averred that His Lordship, having duly sown his wild oats, desired to settle in the ortho dox way, and had I made a sensible cboioe. But while there were a hundred opinions abont Lord Arthur there was only one about Lady Clara. Every one believed that she was deeply and slnoerely attached tohlm that ■ is, every one in her own oirole. Mies 1 weed, being quite outside this oirole, had by no Z86&&I; 2&&>de op her xoisd about the matters ; It chanced one morning, when the wedding day was drawing near, that Amy Tweed and Lady Clara Berkeley were brought laoe to face' It fell to Amy's lot to carry some arttoles into Madame's reoeptfanrrooin for Her Ladyship's approval; and the working girl looked at the Earl's daughter with a certain degree of curiosity. She was oon ■dous that the lady, in her tun, hooked at w—a quiet oold scrutiny, Lady Clara was tall, fair, and golden-haired. Her features were delicately dhiseUed, bnt the face waa too still to be really beautiful. To Amy she - seemed as ohill as ioe, and aa prond aa > Lucifer. "They are all alike—all heartless—these aristocratio women," she thought. "No wonder that they oaouot feel for the misery of the poor I And yet Lady Clara will get all that ahe wants, while I, who am born with a warm heart, am doomed to desolation 1 I suppose she does oare a little for Lord Arthur in that frozen way of hers. Bat what is it that the song says t " Unlsn you can die when the dream is past, Ob, 'ear to call it loving 1" Well, it's quite certain that she would not die ii she lost her lover. That year the June weather was intensely bright and nnnsnally warm. The wedding things were not as near oompletion as they onght to have been. Every nerve was strained; the hands were busy early and late, and Madame was growing anxious and irritable. Miss Tweed, however, kept her head cool, and to her was entrusted the task of putting the finishing tonehea to the bridal dress.! A bitter task it was, truly! As the girl Bet her careful stitobes she thought of the wedding-gown that she had hoped to make for herself. .Regrets, long ings, passionate prayers, kept pace with the swift needle, and were mixed np with the bunoheB of orange blossom and masses of lace. The robe that was to be worn in glad ness was made in sorrow; and it is the same with a good deal of the dressmaking that is done every day. It was on the twelfth of Jane, two days after Aeoot, that a startling rumour began to be oironiated in the workrooms. The girls were saying openly that the greater part of Lady Clara's fortune was gone. "The Earl of Ironside had lost his daughter's money on the raoeoonrse; it was true—quite trne! Miss Tweed oheoked the ohatterers rather sharply. "She did not believe a word of it, ehe said; "and if they did not attend to their work the dresses would never be finished." So they all toiled on, re minding eaoh other that the wedding was fixed for the sixteenth, and there really was not a single minute to Bpare. The night of the (fourteenth came; a night so warm and still that it mieht have belonged to July or August. The olooks in the neigh bourhood had struck twelve half an hour ago, and Miss Tweed, alone in the upper work room, was giving the last tonohes to Lady Clara's wedding-gown. ThedreBS—bodioe and skirt complete—was arranged on one of the stands that dressmakers nse, and looked very much like a deoapitated bride standing in the middle of the empty room. One jet of gas was burning nnder its large shade, the win dows were all set open, and the eounda of wheels oame up now and then from the street below. Miss Tweed had been stoop ing over the soft white silken folds till her head ached and her eyes were dim. And suddenly she bethought her of a bottle of lavender water whioh ehe kept in her bed room, and went quietly upstairs to get it. Ellen Smith, the girl who shared her room, was rousing as ehe entered. " Is that you, Amy 7" she said. " Haven't yon finished yet 7" "Nearly," Mies Tweed replied. "My head aobes, and I'm very tired." She went down again, damping her heated face with the lavender water and feeling fresher. It seemed, too, ae if a coaler air had come through the windows into the hot workroom, and Amy shivered a little as she entered. But what was this ? Some one had surely stolen into the room in her absenoe, and was standing there arrayed in the wed ding-gown. She gave a little ory of astonish ment and dismay, and was advanoing, when the strange woman, whose back was towards her, turned slowly round. It was no stranger who stood there, nor was it one of the work girls playing a triok. Lady Clara, dressed in her own bridal robe, was looking at the dressmaker with bine eyes inll of unutter able anguish, and pale lipB parted as if in a vain attempt to speak. How long Miss Tweed endured that mournful gaze ehe oocld not telL Those eyes seemed to read her very eonl and convey to her a message of myeteriouB sympathy and fellowship io suf fering. At last one of the white hands was raised with a farewell gesture, and Amy knew no more. When she oame to her senses again Ellen Smith was kneeling by her side loosening her dress. And there In the middle of the room lay the wedding-gown, thrown lightly on the floor, as if some one had just stepped out of it in haste. At sight of the robe Amy began to shiver violently, and then buret into passionate tears, whioh relieved her over wrought brain. Her companion led her npetairs and made her lie still and rest. At length she slept, and did not wake nntil the summer day was well advanced. "Are yon feeling any better?" asked Ellen Smith, coming to the bedside with breakfast on a tray. " Ton have been work ing a great deal too hard; it ie no wonder that yon broke down. And, after all, your labour has been in vain." "Invain?" Mies Tweed replied wonder ingly. " Why, the wedding-dress is quite finished. It was to be eent home this morn ing." "It will never he needed," the other answered, " Madame has just had a mes sage. It seems that poor Lady Clara Berkeley died last night at half-past twelve." Miss Tweed fell baek silently on the pillow, and olosed her eyeB. Not one word did she say toEllen Smith of LadyClara'a appearanoe | in the workroom, and her oompanion attri buted her faintnese entirely to over- fatigue. On the next day ehe got up and tried to go on ! with her business and usual; but she could bear to stay in the upper workroom, and at | length, with mnoh relnotanoe, Madame con sented to let her retorn to the country. Dan and his wife reoeived her kindly, and by degrees her strength was restored. Later on she learnt that Lady Clara's engagement waa broken off on the day before her death. Lord Arthnr, finding that ahe waa no longer a rioh woman, wrote to her and naked to bs set free. She sank at onoe, and never rallied after the blow fell, nor did she ever speak again to those around her. But they heard her murmuring Boftly to herself, and distin guished the words tnat she uttered. "My wedding-gown," she repeated over and over. "Oh, my wedding-gown! If I oonld only wear it onee—jnet onoe—just onoe." Miss Tweed married Edward Callaway, of Bill Farm, and lives in the old country. She never forgets the London poor, and many a aiokly child is reoeived into her pleasant home to be nursed and fed; bnt her heart hsa opened freely to all sorts and conditions of men and women. She believes now a days in the equality of the human family, and knows that a oommon sorrow levels all dis tinctions. Not in vain, she says, did the Earl's daughter and the hnmble dressmaker meet in the spirit on that memorable night, although the one was taken and the other left. (the END. | 