NEW ELECTORAL SYSTEM. (to the editoa op the " ai'siraliak star.") Sir, — I havo noticed from timo to timo letters appearing in tho columns of your valuable journal dealing with the " faggot vote," and tho shortcomings gonorally of our present oleotoral system. It might bo interesting to somo of your readers to hear a few words in favor of tho now Electoral Act being introduced into the Now Zealand Legislature by tho present Premier of that colony, Major Atkinson. It is a modification of what is known as tlio Hare system, and provides for iurge elec toral divisions instoud of single consti tuencies, and if it could be adopted in New South Wales would, I think, sweep away many of tho inabilities and incongruities under which wo now labor. Under this system New South Wales would bo divided into about six electorates, each re turning some 20 or 30 inombors, according to the ratio of popula tion. Parish politicians of tlio aldermunic order and pot-liouso orators, who now disgrace our legislators, would then nothavc a "ghost of a show" to gain admittance within the portals of our House of Assembly as professed legislators ; because, iu such large electorates, none but able, talented and patriotic men would have an oppor tunity of making themselves heard iu the land. Personal canvassing, big promises as local sops, and corruption gonerally would havo to givo way to platform speaking to gain tho goodwill of tho electors. Another point, too, iu favor of this system is that tho will of the poople could easily and necuratoly bo obtained on any political question of national importance ; whilst under tho present system tho main issue before the country in mo3t cases is made subscrviont to local prejudices, personal feeling, and minor points. Then, again, it would bo possible for any peculiar section of the com munity to bo represented in the Assembly. Tlio minority could be represented aH well as the majority. Por instance, tlie single-tax party at present aro not strong enough in tlio colony, owing to tho manner iu which thoir votes are split in different small constitu encies to return ono of thoir own represen tatives to Macquaric-streot, but they would probably bo strong enough in an electorate returning, say, 30 members to secure two or three seats. Tlio same would apply to tom- perauue und other bodies, who would thus lmvo an opi>ortunity of securing tho return of a fair eroportion of rei presentatives iu accordance with the number of thoir votes. But tho greatest argument in favor of this system, to my mind, is that tho curse of tho system of plural voting — the "faggot vote" — that at present obtains in Now - South Wales would be ontirely obliterated. All registered electors would thon bo placed on the samo footing, and the poor man would wield as much power at the ballot-box as tlio mail of money bags, and " prupperty" would not have an undue advantage over brains. This system is yot untried, I believe, and many of our Conservative legislators are opposed to anything in the sliapo of innovation, but I think any system that would give to ovory section of tlio people throughout tho land an opportunity of being represented in the Legislature of the colony must be a just and equitable ono, and is worthy of due consideration by our law-makers. — Yours, Ac., WALTER BENNETT. Dungog, July 30. A social took place on Friday night lost at cho Oddfellows' Hall, Woollahra, and,' judging by the attendance, was a great buc- cesB, The majority of tlio ladies showed excellent taste in thoir various costumcB, somo of which woro very pretty. The catering, by Mr. Cook, of Paddington, and tho music, by Mr. Taylor's string band, were all that could bo desired. , The succesd of the social was in a great measure duo to tho efforts of tho committeo, Messrs. Spark, Griffiths, and Rbwlaiidson ; and Mr. Cortio, as M.C., was ubiquitous in tho discharge of liis duties. 