MERCURY JUNIOR. A SOLDIER'S SON. IN SEVEN CHAPTERS.-CHAPTER II. CAViLRT ON THE MARCH. It was a lovely June morning when the Fifth Cavalry started on its march. Camp was struck at daybreak, and, soon after five o'clock, -while the sun was still low in the east and the dew-drops were sparkling on the buffalo grass, the long column was winding up the bare, rolling *' divide" which lay between the valleys of Crow and Lodge Pole Creeks. In plain view, only thirty miles away to the weat, were the summits of the Rocky Mountains, but, such is the altitude of this upland prairie sloping away eastward between the two forks of the Platte River, that these summits appear to be nothing more than a low range of hills shutting off the western horizon. Looking southward, from the Laramio road, all the year round one can seo the great peaks of the range-Long's and Hahn's and Pike's-glistening in their mantles of snow, and down there near them, in Colorado, the mountains slope abruptly into the valley of the South Platte. Up here in Wyoming the Rockies go rolling and billowing far out to the east, and the entire stretch of country, from what are called the " Black Hills of Wyoming," in contradistinction to the Black Hills of Dakota, far east as the junction of the forks of the Platte, is one vast inclined plain. The Union Pacific Railway winds over these Black Hills at Sherman,-the lowest point the engineers could find,-and Sherman is over eight thousand feet above the sea. From Sherman, eastward, in less than an hour's run the cars go sliding down with smoking brakes to Cheyenne, a fall of two thousand feet. But the toad from Cheyenne to Fort Laramie twists and winds among the ravines and over the divides of this lofty prairie. So that Ralph and his soldier friends, while riding jauntily over the hard-beaten track this clear, crisp, sunshiny, breezy morning, were twice as high above the sea as they would have been at the tip- top of the Catskills,and higher even than had they been at the very summit of Mount Washington. The air at this height, though rare, is keen and exhilarating, and one needs no second look at the troopers to see how bright are their eyes and how nimble and elastic is the pace of their steeds. The commanding officer, with his adjutant and oraeriies, ana a newe group or stan sergeants, Had halted at the crest of one of these ridges and was looking back at the advancing column Beside the winding road was stiung a line of wires,-the mili- tary telegraph to the bolder forts,-and with the exception of those bare poles not a stick ot timber was anywhere m sight The whole surface is destitute of bush or tiee, but the thick little bunches of giay-gieen grass that covet it everywhere are rich with juice and nutumeut This is the buffalo grass of the western prairies, and the moment the horses' heads are released down go their nozzles, and they are cropping eagerly aud gratefully Tar us the eye can see to the north and east it roams ovei a tolling, tumbling surface that seems to have become suddenly petnfied Par to the south are the snow shimmering peaks, near at hand, to the west, are the gloomy goiges and ravines and wide wastes of upland of the Black Hills of Wyo ming, and so clear is the air that they seem but a shoit liour.. gallop away Therf is something strangely deceptive about the distauces in an atmosphere so rare and olearas this A young surgeon was taking his fiist ride with a cavalry column m the wide West, and, as he looked bael into the valley through which they had been matching foi ovei half and hour, his face was clouded with an expression of odd perplexity " What's the matter, doctor ?" asked the adiu tant, with a gun on his face " Are i ou wondeung whether those fellows leally are United States régulais ?>" and the young officer nodded tow ard the long column of horsemen in broad brimmed slouch hats and flannel shirts or fanciful gaib of Indian tanned buckskin Even among the officers there w is haidly a sign of the unifouu or tiappings which distinguish the soldiers in gan ison " No, it lan't that I knew that you fellows who had served so long .n Anzona had got out of the way of wearing uniform in the field against Indian» What I can't undeistand is that ndge over there I thought we had been do^n m a liol low foi the last half hour-yet look at it, we must have come ovei that when I was thinking of some- thing else " Not a bit of it, doctor," laughed tae colonel " That s where we dismounted and took a short rest and gave the hot ses a chance to pick a bit " " SVky, but, colonel ' that must have been two miles back-full half an hour ago, you don't mean that ndge is two miles away I could almost hit that man riding down the load toward us " " It would be a wondpifnl shot, doctor That man is oue of the teamsters who went back aftei a dropped pistol He is a mile and a half away " The doctor's eyes were wide open with wondei " Of course you must know, colonel, but it is in- comprehensible to me " " It is easily pioved, doctor Take these two telegraph poles neavestus and tell me how far they are apart ' The doctor looked carefully from ore pole to another Only a single WUP was strung along the line, and the poles were stout and strong After a moment's study he said " Well, they are just about seventy five yards apart " "Moie than that, doctor They are a good hundred yaids But even at your estimate, just count the poles back to that ridge of courso they are equidistant, or nearly BO, all along-and tell me how far you make it " The doctor's eyes, began to dilate again as he silently took account of the number "I declare, there aie over twenty to the rear of the waggon tram and nearly forty across the ridge ' I give it up " " And now look hero," said the colonel, pointing out to the eastward where some lithe-limbed hounds were coursing over the prairie with Ralph on his fleet sorrel racing in pursuit. "Look at young McCrea out there where there are no tele- graph poles to help you judge the distance. If he wore an Indian whom you wanted to bring down what would you set your sights at-providing you had time to set them at all?" and the veteran Indian fighter smiled grimly. The doctor shook his head. '. It is too big a puzzle for me," he answered. " Five minutes ago I would have said three hun- dred at utmost, but I don't know now." " How about that, Nihil ?" asked the colonel, turning to a soldier riding with the headc¿uarters' party. Nihil's brown hand goes up to''the brim of his scouting hat in 6alute, but he shook his head. ** The bullet would kick up a dust this side of him, sir," was the answer. "People sometimes wonder why it is we manage to hit so few of these Cheyonnes or Sioux in our battles with them," said the colonel. " Now you can get an idea of one of the difficulties. They rarely come within six hundred yards of us when they aro attacking a train or an infautry escort, ' and are always riding full tilt, just as you saw Ralph just now. It is next to impossible to hit them." " I understand," said the doctor. " How splen- didly that boy rides !" " Ralph ? Yes. He's a genuine trooper. Now there's a boy whose whole ambition is to go to West Point. He's a manly, truthful, dutiful young fellow,-bom and raised in the army,-knows the plains by heart, and just the fellow to make a brilliant and valuable cavalry officer, but there isn't a ghost of a chance for him.'" " Why not P" '' Why not P Why, how is he to get an appoint- ment ? If he had a home somewhere in the East, and his father had influence with the Congressman of the district, it might be done ; but the sons of army officers have really very little chance. " The President used to have ten appointments a year, but Congress took them away from him. They thought there were too many cadets at the Point, but while they were virtuously willing to reduce somebody else's prerogatives in that line, it did not occur to them that they might trim a little on their own. Now the President is allowed only ten 'all told,' and can appoint no boy until some of his ten are graduated or otherwise disposed of. It really, gives him only two or three appointments a year, and he has probably a thousand applicants for every one." (To be continued.) ' 