VICTORIAN FARMERS AND PRO TECTION A good deal has been written and said in; this colony about the benefits derived by 'Victorian farmers 'from protection, and their preference for that policy over one of - free-trade. The following letter from Mr. Samuel Kinder, a farmer at Wedderburn, ?which recently appeared in the Argus, may throw a new light on the suojeot; to some of onr readers : — ??..-, ' Ev*r since my first unfortunate letter on the subject of 'Farmers and Protection' in your eolumus I have -been In oontinual reoeipt of pamphlets, newspapers, and letters from places both near home and as far distant as Sydney, Bathurst, and Rookhampton, some quoting me f ovoutabiy , aorae abusing me, but all apparently astonished— firatly, that a farmer should be a free-trader ; and, seoondly, that bo shohld inow why he is so. Tlie last referenoe to me is in the olever 'Random Papers,' by 'QuiviB,' on an ''Unlaid Ghost,' where I urn ooupled ?with the well-known' bottlemaker' in uup port of Mr. Jowett's nrgament in favour of fr^e-trade at the recent debate on the Bubjeot held by the Aus-. tralian Chnroh Literary, Sooiety. In the ?report of Mr. Trenwich's address ou tha AMaainn T find f.hftt ha also did ma the honniit* ' of referencB in the following words :— ' The . farmer who had been last referred to bad, no doubt, made his calculations on a false basis. He had started with the assumption that his implements were taxed 25 per oent. on a certain coht, and that if. they had not been taxed they ?would have coat him .25 per dint. loss. That waB an erroneous impression. The fact was that protection in Victoria had not only enabled tho people to manufaotuio a'great deal of what was used, giving the consumer a batter artiole *t a lowei figure, but it had reduced the price of the imported ortioles upon which duty is paid.' Now, upon this I join issue with Mr. Trenwith, so tar as tnV farmers' industry is concerned. I don't profess to know very much about other industries, but with respect to one upon which Mr. Trenwith Is most certainly a better Authority than I am, I may say that I find yet that if I want a good pair of boots I have to ?pay as muoh for them as I ever did, though I do not dony that u bad pair oan be got below ' the old prioe. And 'I find also that the same rule applies to everything that -I -buy. If I -want a goad atticle I must pay a higher price ?relatively than for a bad one of the same kind. Of course, I don't object to the higher prioe in itself, but when I know it is proportionately much higher, then I think that' I have a right to complain. Illustrations, however, aro bettor than arguments, and I don't know that they are any worse for being old ones ; and so I may take Crat that most useful farmers' machine, a dhaff-outler worked by horse power. These are still imported, and / the prlae of a No. 1 when I last enquired was £24 duty paidj or £19 in bond ; the prioe of a colonial machine of the Bame Hize being alto JS24. It is no use telling me that the oolonial artiole is better tlian the imported, because I 1 have them both, and there is really no differ ence between a good English maohine and, a Bood colonial one. Now, is it ' an erroneous impression' that in oonBequenoe of- the duty I paid £5 more than its real value for my Eng lish machine, arid am I not justified in 'assum- ing' that! have, also paid £5 too much for my oolonial one ? I am patriotio enough to buy: a Victorian article in preference to any, other,; end I would not even object to pay a little extra for it', but my patriotism does not extend to £5 per. cent., and. I really doubt' if Mr. Trenwith or the machine-maker would pay me any more for the ohaff I out with the oolonial machine than for that out with the imported one.' ? ' ? --: '? ? ? -; ... .-. . ... ;' r .? .'..? Before the duty on roapera and binders 'was' abolished I ' paid £90 for a M'Oormiok machine. - Immediately after the removal of the duty the' price dropped to £75, and: afterwards .to :£70. Well, my 'impression'! is^hat'I'waa robbedbiy the- Government of £20, i and I ,' assume' that my machine. was -taxed 25, per cent. on., its value, and thatl paid the tax. . If duties do not raise prioeB, why were the farmers so muoli exercised about the duty on bag's and binding twine ?. X know that the \prioe of baga rose after the removal of the dutyi but tlmt was ana to tho rise in the nrioe of iute in India, und when the manufacture returned to its normal condition the price . of the artiole fell to itB previous prioe,' less 'tho duty. Tho duty on cordage is lls 3d per owt, and ''on white, lines and other descriptions of -cordage not otherwise apeoiued (exoept poir yaru) 2Bs perowt.' The .duty on twino '(except sowing or seaming hemp, ootton; or flax) iB 2Jd per lb. There has, I believe, been an ' immense amount of wisdom brought to bear' on'1 tho question ''What Is coir 'jam ?' with a view to a deoision as to whether it could be olassed as twino. .It is this yam that ia chiefly used for binding sheaves, and it formerly paid tho twine duty, but 18 now exempt, the prioo to the farmer being reduoed by the exaot amount of the duty. In my early days I Bervod my apprenticeship as a sailor, and I am quite sure thac if I hud tbon oallod 'yam' 'twine,''1 1 thould have had tho bo'sun after me with a ropoVond. But Oomm.s. sioners of OuatomB are not necesBnrily Bailors any more than First Lords of the Admiralty are; Galvanised wiro netting paid 25 per oent. duty until in 1886 it waa exempted from taxation. The prioo when under duty was about .£25 per mile. I bought a few weeks ago at JJ18, and my ' impression ' is that if the duty were still levied the prioo would be as of old. I re member that a strong effort was made to have this tax retained, beoause somebody 'waB going to start a manufacture of netting, and during' that time we had to pay the good Government that Is bo anxious to assist agriculture about £6 a milo for leave to fenco our crops: from tho rabbits, whioh ran freely over tha Crown lands. Quite reoently I wanted a boiler.; Tbo p.-ioe asked for an EngliBh. ona was £200, and £50 added for duty. I bought one from the Ph'oonix Foundry Company, at Bttllarat, and a capital boiler it is, but that does not prevent me from knowing that I am paid something like £50 more than its true market value. Mr. - Trenwith will probably point ' to the splendid wortts &tD;&uar;^vwmcuw)mauuvu^i8b wivu out this duty. Ponsibly 80, bub that does not add one penny to the price I get for my wheat; and as, judging by rocent events, the Ballarat foundry-men oan afford to knock off boiler making and play at another sort of striking, I can't help thinking that part of my £50 has been apent in Btriko . pay— very muoh against my will. . ? ? ? When the Exhibition was opan a friend of mine thought that he would liko an Amerioan buggy, and we inspected some which were shown by a Sydney firm: The prioo of one chosen was £60 if delivered in Melbourne, or £45 if delivered at Albury,- where I should have to pay £20 duty on bringing it across the bridge into Yiotoria. Mr. Trenwith in his speeohat tho Australian Church, said that he was told that axles aro cheaper. since the duty was Impesed, though ' it .varied from 3s to 20s an arm.' As a member ' of Parliament Mr. Trenwith should ' verify his quotations' about duties. Had he done bo in this instance ho would have discovered that the duty on axles isSs, 4s 6d, 7s, and 10s par. arm, according to description; and mail axles are certainly dearer by the exaot amount of the' duty. . Of the reft I cannot speak, but if an articlo can be bought at one price in bond, and only at that prioe with the duty added out of bond, I. can't, help having the ' impression' that it is just that much dearer than if it wore admitted Turning for a moment from import to export duties, I saw the other day that Mr. Trenwith was very anxious to add to the solitary sorap iron tax an export duty on sheep-skins, which, ? on pelts, would vary from 25 to 50 per cent, in the value, taking that to be.the price quoted in the4 Argui of the Eame date. Now, there ie nothing surer than that the duty thus levied ? . * .» . ? ?_..!.? _T 1L. M^.i.nt. nt iUn' Wwulu COlXlo UUb Ul uuu (iuuaau ui uuo farmer who fattened arid Bold the sheep. When the Farmer*' Protection Assooia tion asked the Trades-hall to ' assist them' in obtaining an export, bonus on wheat, Mr.' Trenwith, . as spokesman, met ?them— quite rightly— with a point blank refusal. ? But where doea the differenoe come in, exoep t, indeed, that the fellmoiigers' industry is a very small metropolitan one, and the larmors' Industry Ib the largest and most important in the ooiony ? Shall I tell the story over agnin of my amull roller-mill plant, which cost £200 more in Melbourne than it wouldhave cost in either Sydney or Adelaide ? '?? Better, perhaps, that Mr. Trenwith should visit the Yarra Rollnr Mills, and learn there the enormous penalty inflicted on the spirited pro prietors for daring to. ereot, probably; the. finest flour mills in this hemisphere. That is encouraging native industry with a vengeance I need not say anything either about oust iron pipes — the story is too old ; but I may mention portable engines, now so niuoh used in irriga tion, or pumps and pump fittingB, horeoworka, and horserakes. with all the other maohines and implements on whioh farmers pay 25 per cent, duty at least. ''..??' I know that many farmers are now orying for additional protootion on their produce, but in the great majority of oases this is merely because they consider that they ought to have a finger in the pie which they hav* helped to fill. As your contributor ' Quivis' says, the question of free-trade and protection is supposed to be dead and buried, but its ghost ia still unlaid, and a few of us are yet In hopes that wa may sea ?' the ghost walk,' in the theatrical sense, and the Treasurer returnto us some of tho hard earned money we have paid him ; or, at least, that we may be excused, from paying him any more. , , ..'..?? .'.?'.' 