Tapalisui and Mammonisni. The Rev. Dr. Jefferis is main -Kg steady progress with the ' Isms that Haunt TJs ;' or, perhaps, to speak more accurately, that are supposed to haunt a few thoughtful people. When he began his present course of lectures, he set himself to a kind of Herculean task from which most men now-a-days naturally shrink. Dr. Jefferis, however, is to be congratulated on the attempt he is making to encourage young men to think for themselves. The subjects treated by him in the present series of lectures cover a very wide area ; their ' field,' as we were taught long ago regarding missionary en terprise, ' is the world. ' It is doubtful whether many people are 'haunted' by ' isms,' any more than nowadays they can be led to believe that houses are haunted by ghosts* The time was when 'haunted houses''' were shunned, and when even a rent free inducement failed to secure a tenant; but, unless we are greatly mistaken, few of us nowadays would refuse to take a- house at a reduced rental, if suitable otherwise, because of some old tras dition that a ghost was once seen with. in its walls. ' Papalism,' like the tradi tional ghost, has really ceased to haunt us We wish to speak with all respect of the Roman Catholic Church as a spiritual communion ; and no student of history can fail to acknowledge the great services which, for many centuries, she rendered alike to religion and learning. We also freely admit that at the present day she is one of the most united, compact, and best organised systems to be found on the face of the globe. In spite of her imperfections, inseparable from all religious systems, she has preserved an organic unity and cohesion truly marvellous, and wielded an influence for good which all im partial mindB must freely acknowledge. As a religious organisation, ' zealous of good works/' actuated by pure motives, and striving to imbue the rising generation with reverential feelings and right principles of conduct, no well-wisher of his species can wish for it anything but success. But Dr. Jefferis had evidently in his mind not the religious system called by the name of Roman Catholicism, but a great political force which he re gards as a standing menace to Australian freedom. The Roman Catholic Church in this colony, as elsewhere, contains among . her members many estimable citizens, and it is only the rabid among Protestants who would interfere with their inalienable right to maintain their religious beliefs and to discharge their religious duties according to their light, and the rules which the Church im poses on them. It is only when the Church of Rome becomes a political propagandist agency, suspiciously allies itself with treason and dis loyalty, plays the coquette with Fenian brother hoods, dynamite and cut-throat associations — the ?enemies alike of social order and British supremacy — that we deem it to be our duty to protest against an alliance so incongruous and objectionable from every point of view. From the church to the world, Dr. Jefferis. proceeded by that easy transition which popular preachers naturally glide into, but which deep thinkers are accustomed to avoid. And so after his lecture .on ^Papalism' comes that on ' Mammonism,' which he defined as the ' gospel of greed.' We can hardly agree with the rev. gentleman that the accumulation of wealth is confined to Christian nations, and of these in«cbief to Protestant nations.' This seems to us -a some what superficial view of the question, and is hardly borne out-by the facts either of ancient or modern history, if one carefully studies the manners and customs of ancient Greece and'Rome, and learns from their historians, moralists, and poets what were the conditions of life pre vailing there upwards- of two thousand years ago, he will probably find that the contrast then as -now, 'between wealth and poverty was dire and significant.' In India, China, and many other countries at the present day, which cannot be regarded as 'Protestant,' the contrast also challenges-our attention. It is an old old story, and ages of philosophic thinkers have .not been able to solve the various problems which the subject suggests. It was. quite right, however, that Dr. Jefferis should warn young men against this ' ism,' which is more likely to- influence aspiring youth than the 'Papalism' previously treated of, and this portion of his lecture is worthy of serious study. ' He who followed- Mammon,' he said, ' became hard' and cynical, and careless of others; he not only neglected civic and national duties, but-he looked upon the world as his oyster and man as his blade. Speculators in land and houses and stocks, ^gamblers, . and' all cunning tricksters were of this class.' This seems a somewhat sweeping condemnation of a large section of the community, who , pre serve our social and mercantile life from stagna tion. If there was no speculation — if everything. in commercial enterprise-stood at one dead- level, t ' ? ' a id poverty had no encouragement offered to it to rise to competency, if not to wealth — one great stimulus to call forth the exercise of man's beBt energies would be taken away. If ' Mam monism' is 'the gospel of greed,' then the pursuit of it ought to be condemned by every minister of religion, and every man imbued with the spirit of Christianity ; but, in condemn ing ' Mammonism,' it would be well to remember the good accomplished by men who were reorarded by their contemporaries as hard, grasping, and lovelesB, but who by their benefactions to charities, realised after they had passed away, proved that they were not entirely destitute of that ' one touch of nature ' which ' makes ' the whole world kin.' 