tombs. Dull, Cold. Wintry. Theatre. Garner's. Mugg mending. A at : ig ; ng rebuke. Both Houses again. " Jo"—second night, Ex-Bishop of Oxford dead. Floods in the Lower North. Ebby lot hia hair last night. A good chance to see Mercury. Mrs. Arderson in the box to-day. A new pbaae of the Adcock case, The altitude of Mr. Ward's voice. Barometer at noon to-day 29 S8. _ Murray floods doing much damage. I'm a-movjng on now to the graveyard. The Governor will be at Kapuuda on th* 26th. , , . Mr. Ward bookpunching. and bs'To^ing. again. Dees the Hon, H. Scott want » Pre«a censor? Cricketers will have to wait for fiaer weather. Military cyclist oorps being organized ia Victoria. • • • .* Now we shall have the wife's opinion of her husband. Haven't you had enough 61 the blustering weather? What was the matter With young Gorifen yesterday ? Ministerial inconsistency now fails to excite surprise. Bevenne expected fromland intjHS -colony this year, £67,200. '• * ' Mr. Adcook should .have been" batspoken with his creditors. i . ,' ^ . All newspapers do not revel in prurient Law- Conrt details. Chance for the Commissioner of Polioe— Censor of tbe Press. Charley Kingston went for Ebenezer Ward bald-headed last night. Lively times in the Assembly on Tuesday,, and the glaaa falling too. Judges wonld take as long tb revisf proofs as to prepare judgments, A question of charter party is troubling t\e Yankee barque Georgietta. SaroBBa Water Commission ended their work and signed their report. . Young Gordon spoke against one of Mr. Cotton's fads and then voted for it. Young Gordon said yesterday-it would sot take him long to consider hia position. No doubt those honourable objector! read' all the evidence in tbe papers oanfully. If JudgeB had to revise Press proofs, daily papers wonld have to*&ire; up the ghost. Sun roBe at 5.58 a.m.; sets at 5.53 p.m^ Moon rose at 1*24 a.m.; set at 11.22 a.m. Premier of New South Wales wantr soe Intercolonial Cocferenoe of military officers to be held. Taxable amount from land in Soutb Australia, including the Northern Territory, is. f32,581,388. Now Mr. Commissioner Russell has discovered that he is an interested party Adcock's case. What a hardship it would be for the public if the Judges bad to revise reports of trials before publication. Mr. A. E, Jones, LL.B., of Adelaide University, has been sworn-in as a barrister of the Supreme Court of Victoria. Bishop Burnet, the author of the " History of the Bafoimation," &c.;, oame into tfc's breathing world September 18,1643, Quotation for September 18 :— Trifles trakfs perfection, aud perfection is no trifle.—Michoil Angela. Premier Cockburn doesn't seethe neoesstty for a Military Conference, and said, so la a minute asking General Downes's opinion. . The evidence is accumulating that the microbe of malaria, whioh is described by Laycrap. is the cause of intermittent fever. Ladies' cricket Is in groat favour in Ceylon, and the Bandy Feminine Cricket Club has gone on a tour, challenging other local cricketers. The Mahr**»jah of Barcda and his entire Court are total abstainers, and do all In their power to discourage the drinking habita of the people. Lately, when the German Emperor, and the Italian King met, they were obliged to converse in French, as neither understood tire other's language. Ten thousand new cab and carriage horses are among tbe items which Paris baa acquired for the accommodation of visitor* to the Exhibition, Nearly all of these were bought in Denmark. The Empress-dowager of China, who has ruled that country for twenty-five years, and is now over 50 years old, is an accomplished archer and boxer. Professor von Liczt, of Merburg, a wellknown lawyer, states that about ten millcpn persons were imprisoned or fined in Germany from 18S2 to 1887. The female six days 1 bicycle race in Sta Francisco haB been won by a Lancashire 1MB. Mies Oakes completed a total of 669^ miles, Misa Brown 669, Miss Baldwin 640. Army chaplains are in future to wear a Maltese cross embroidered in black and gold on each end of the collar of the frock coat,, and in front of the band of the forage cap. The people in the United States us» annually about seven postcards for ererjr man, woman, and child—that is to aay, their total conaumption for a year reaches 100,000,000. The cheapeat postage in the world will soon be Introduced into the Nizam of Hyderabad'* dominions. Quarter-anna postage-cards bave been sanctioned, and the machinery for their manufacture ordered from England. In Paris, where vaccination ia bat feebly enforced, the annual mortality from smallpox averagea about 10 in 100,000 inhabitants, and in the Canton of Zurich, since tbe compnbory ordinance was repealed, the mortality baa risen from 8 per 100,000 to 85. On the other hand, in the German cities, where vacuinatioi* is compulsory, the mortality is 2*44 pe 100,000, and in London only 06. Mrs. Margaret Arnold, living on a faarm about seven miles east of Washington Courtbouse, Ohio, ia nearly 132 years old, and is still quite sprightly. Her sister, Mrs,. Elizabeth Hilliard, 115 years old, lives in Lynn County. Iowa; another sister. Mrs. John Bailey, of Dakota, is 109 yean old; and their only living brother. Williyn Kiser. 101. . resides on the old homestead, near Richmond, Virginia. The Emperor Domltian, the ket el the twelve Caeaars, was assassinated September 18, A.D. 96. He was born, A.D. 51, and succeeded his brother Titus A.D. 8L THAT biographer says—" He waa voluptuous,, cruel, suspicious, and malignant. He was universally detested for h'a hypocrisy and dreaded for his inhumanity." Possessed of a devil; and that devil a " Moloch, horrid king-besmeared with blood." Louis VIL of France, surnamed "Le Jenne," to distinguish him from bis fat father, surnamed Le Gros, with whom he was for some years associated on the throne, died September 18,118C, having lived sixtyone yeaTB and reigned forty-six years. Hia administration was marked by perpetual squabbles with the Pope of Bome, Saladin, the Sultan of Egypt, his (the King's) wild Eleanor, and Hanry II. of England. Bequiscai in pace. k . . Prior, the poet, died September 18,1721. He was born 57 years prior to that. Though the Bon oi a London mechanic he roae from the ranks to fill several important positions in the State, rwaa presented to Court, waa appointed by King William gentleman of his bedchamber, and later in life spent two years in prison charged with treason, for which he waa never tried. Prior to tnis, Prior, who by-the-way was not a Prior but a Protestant, was lent to Paris as plenipotentiary with private proposals for the pecuniary purohass ° f Apretty and thoroughly practical novelty in the shape of eleotrical opera glass cases has been introduced atthe Criterion Theatre, London. On the bundr..Hh representation of the revival of "Still Waters Bun Deep," everywhere in stall and private boxes the eye caught aight of neat little boxea covered with blue plush, and attached to the backs of seats conveniently to hand for sitters in the rows behind. The cases were locked, but nothing waB needed but a shilling dropped into a slit to cause one to fly open, and thus place an elegant little opera-glass of ivoryand gilt at the disposal of the visitor. 