ORIGINAL POETRY. BY THE 8HEEPWASH DAM. Here," where we oarelewly stroll to-dey, by ride of the tbeepwnh datn they ray. In the dtlllnfM of night, in the etar-sheen bright, Somebody once threw his life away. Hanged by the neck from that white-gum limb, Wrst he was seen, when the nvirn wu dim, By . trembling «Aiine*e, wha tl.'d through the trrfi fearful (he Devil wu after Aim. The station hands, when the old wht'e-gum Was frrert of Its dreadful burden dumb, Kre they hurried away, found a broken " clay,* And knife and " billy " that smelt of rum, These an J bis clothes, that were lheadbare grown. Seemed all that the roan had ca'led his own, Save- the atorvlesa swag, and the Waited nur, That served to hang him when hope was flown. No sign of a dosr wa» there to pee That friend, if he bad one, died ere be As they rarried the dead to the nearest shed, Ko «iirge was howled by the white-gum tree. How he wm styled there were none to telL Maybe, the lack o( a' name wag well; 60, from shame of his deed were the guiitlcas freed U none were euilty tare he who fell. ' To wife, maybe, to her tows untrue. Some thare of the fearsome act was due ; Or the traason of friend may hare shaped the end. Or thankless children had much to rue. Or b«vios ne'er child nor wife to hold, Nor friend to < herlrit, in world turned cold, To his Maker he fled from the foul fend, bred Of liquid crime in the shanty sold. Or secret of fin that none might share, Grown to a cumbrance too{rail to'bcar, That'lie els: had revealed, by. his death wu sealed. To save oonf.ssion he feared'to dare. Or, maybe,'only world-worn and tad, And tired of the lonesome life he had. Ere he cast it away,'he made bo,'d to pray Ko life to come might be half so bad. ' What dreams were his could we only know What fight he foueht ere he fell so low Oh ! It may be, my friend, we might shame-faced wend Past here, where ended his earthly woe. Our aims to bis may be small and mean Our drraius more selfish than his hid been Had our trials broil sore, in the days of yore. As hi°, ** might not his years hare aeen. What dreams he dreamt and what fight he fought, Maytic, will not be reckoned as naught; For the Lord may have died (or that suicide. As for his brethren of braver eort. See! Bosh-flowers springing around the spot, And grass as green as any you wot Of a curse not a trace in this (-unlit place Where we find peace, and the dtad found-What t God's sunshine stream*, through that gallows-tree^ With naught that speaks of a wrath-to-be In tliu splendour ol noon-with (he midnight moon What mesaage. save mercy, aenaeth lief When night is still, by the water-side .\e ghost has ever been aeen to clile ; Kor has token e'er come, from Hieotd white-gam, Of rest to soul of the dead denied. Wh.it harm was his in the world is done : The harm he does in the grave is non^ ; For no terrors abide, where the unknown died The sheepwash dam is no place to abun. Wm aught in the note that magpie sung, Heedlessly perched where the corpse once hung. That was eaddenrd with gloom of a gruesome doom J Or thrtiltd with anguish from lost *oul wrung I Here, where we carelessly stroll to-day, - Children may fearlessly cometo play ; For no shadows of Ueii .seem to dariciy dwell , Wher$ 8omb one, ojicc, threw his l>fe away. CHARLES AT LAN *HERARD. 