CI?APTEIR V. LITTLE 8UNLOOKS. neo month only had then passed since the aight of Stephen Orry's fight from Iceland, a.ld the story of his fortunes in the meantime is quickly told. In shame of his brutal blow, as well as fear of his wife's threat, he had stowed away in the hold of an English ship that sailed the same night. Two days later famine had brought him out of his hiding-place, and he had been compelled to work before the mast. In ton more days he had signed articles as ablo seaman at the tirst English port of call. Then had followed punishmcnts for sloth, punish. ments for ignorance, and punishments for not knowing the hligh-Davoured languago of his boatswain. After that had cornc beckerings, throats, scowls, oaths, and open ruptures with this chief of potty tyrants, ending with the blow of a moarlin-spike over the big Ice lander's crown, and the little boatswain rolling headlong overboard. Then had followed twenty-eight days spent in irons rivotted to the ship's side on tho under deoL, with bread and water diet every second day and nothing between. Finally, by the secret good-fellow ahip of a shipmate with some bowels of compas sion, acpeh lad come after starvation, as star wation had come after slavery, and Stephen hlad swom ashore while his ship lay at auchor in Ramsoy Bay. What occurred thereafter at the houeo whereto he had drifted no one could rightly tell. IHe continued to live there with the trull who kept it. She had been the illegitimate child of an insolvent English debtor and the daughter of a neighbouring vicar, had been ignored by her father, put out to nurse by her mother, "brod in ignorance, reared in impurity, and had grown into a buxom hussy-idle, immodest, rottish, the sewer of lewdness for bestial men within a radius of miles. 1By what arts, what hints, what appeals, what allurements, this Strollop got possession of Stephen Orry it is not nhael to guess. First, he was a hunted man, and nly one who dare do anything dire ope0. doors to him. Next, he was a foreigner, dumb for speech, and deaf for scandal, and therefore tanpblo to learn more than his eyes could tell him of the woman who had given hJm shelter. Then the bin Icelander was a handsome follow ; and the veriest drub that ever trailed a pltticoat knows how to bide lher slatternly habits while she is hankering after a fine-grown man. So the end of many conspiring circumstances was SAll n;ghb reset rc. that after much gossip in corners, many jeers, and somo tossings of female heads, the vicar of the recrish, Parson Gell, called one day at the hut in Port-y-Vullin, and on the following Sun day morning, at church, little Rllbbie Christian, the clerk and sexton, read out the askings for the marriage of Lisa IKilloy spinster, of the parish of Maughold, and Stephen Orry, bache lor, out of Iceland. What a wedding it was tlhat cam three weeks litter! Liza wore a gay new gown that had been lent her by a neighbour, Dbelt Coobragh, a girl who had meant to be married ill it her. self the year before, but had not fully carried out her moral intention and had since borne a child. Wearing such borrowed plumes and a brazen emile of eafmnce, Liza strutted up to the Coaimunlon rail, looking impudently into the men's faces, and saucily aute the women's-for the church was thronged with an odorous mob that kept op the jabberleg of frogs at spawn and Stephen Orry slouclled after hler In his blowzy g rmaents with ca downward, shmunc faced, nervous look that idls bulky marmers could not conceal. Thmen what a wedding feast it was that followed l The little cabin in Port-y-Vuliin reeked aed amoked with manc and women, and ranc out oil to the sand and pebbles of the beach, for theo time of year was sprin anud the day was clear and warm. Liz 's old lovers were there in troopls. With a keog of rum over his shoulder Nary Crowe the inn. keeper, had come down froet the " IIhiberslian" to give lher joy, and Cleave Kinsley, the butcher, hlad brou hit her up half a lacmb from Balht glass uatd Matt ylehreeost, the not-maker-a horon tbLskI[ltl-jl atnahapbged Iis big suufl.. hsornO o ties brm or tie natly-iTd-es l-e guests. Os the table, the form, the thrse.legged stool, the bed, and the hoarth, they sat togetfoer cheek by jowl, their hats hung on tihe roof rafters, their pla.tes I)erched on thleir knees. And loand was their laughter and dubious their talk. Old Thuroatan Uoobragh led off on the adlvantages of marriage, saying it was cmiddlinl' plati e that tie gels nowadays omust be wedded when they were babies ie urnis, for bye- chblller? woro common, and at gal's fathier didn't care in a general way to look like a fool; but Nary Crowe saw no harm iu anbit of sweet. heartis', and Cleavs Kinleoy said no, of coorse, not if a man wasn't puttin nations into a gel's head; aend Matt Mylchrecst for his part thought the gels were amazin' like the ghosts, for they got int overyskeleton closetabout the house. "But then," said Matt," I'm an ould bachelor1 as the sayin' is, and don't know nothin.' "aa, le, ha! of coeore not," laughed the others ; and then there was a taste of a toast to 'Liza's future in Nary's rum. " Drop it," said 'Liza, as Nary, lifting his cup, leaned over to whisper. "So I will, but it 11 be into your ear, woman," said Nary. "So hero's to the king that's commn.' " By this time Stephen had slipped out of the noisome place, and was rambling on the quiet shore alone, with head hleant, cheeks ashy pale, eyes lixed, and his brawny hands thrust deep iuto his pockets. At lust, through the dense fumes within the house, Uella Coobraglh noted Stelhen's absoece, and ,e" WVler's your matce " she said to 'Liza, with a tantalizing light in ler seel. " Macybe where yours is, Bella," said 'Liza, with cc toss of the head ; " noar enough, perhaps, but not visible to tihe nked eye." ThIe oleects of going to church onl 'Liza Killoy were what they often are oi as woman of baseno nature. With a uman to work for her she becama more idle than before, and with nothing to feour frornscandal more reckless and sluttish. Having hidden lher nakedness it tihe gown of marriage, sihe lost the last rag of womanly shame. 'lThe effects on Stephen Orry were tlhe doopen ingof his sloth, hiis goom, aind his helplosseness. What purpose in life he ever had was para lesod. On his first coming to the island he had sailed to the saeckeral lishing in tile boats of Kano Waade-a shrewd Mleanxman, who found the big, dumb Icelander a skilful fisherman. Now she neglected his work, lost self-reliance, and lay about for hours, neither thinking nor feeling, but with a look of sheer stupidity. And so the two sat together ins their ditch, sinking day byday deeper ansd yet deeper into the mire of idleness, moroseness, and mutual loathing. Nevertheless, they had their cheerful hours together. The ' king' of Nary's toast soon came. A child was born-a bonay auntyy boy as over yet -$1b o it.'Lizan jooked tn t aso a check thing helpless and looking to hel ficii? fiidoev So the unnatural mother neglected it, and Stephen, who was reminded by its coming that Rachel had been about to give birth to a child, turned his heart from it and ignored it. Thus there spirit-breaking years dragged on, and Ste ples Orry grew wos-bone g nous setone eyed. Of old he had been slothful and spirit less indeed, but not a base man. Now his whole nature was all but gone to the gutter. IIe had once been a truthl-teller, but living with a women who assumed that he must be a liar, lhe had ended b becoming one. He had no com sacny save her company, for his slow wit had found it hard to learn the English tongue, and shoe alone could rightly follow him ; he had no desires save the patty ones of daily food and drink; he had no purpose save the degrading purpose of defeating the nightly wanderings of his drunken wife. Thus without any human eye upon him in the dark way he was going, Sthen Orry had grown coarse and base. lut the end was not yet, of all this man was to be and know. One night, after spending the day on the sea with the lines for cod, the year deepening to winter, the air muggy and,cold, he went away home, hungry, and wet and cold, leaving his mates at the door of, the "Plough," where there was good company within and the cheer of a- busy fire. Home i On reaching Port-y-Vullin he found the door open, the hearth cold, the floor in a puddle from tile driving rain, not a bite or sup in the cupboard, artd eis wife lying drunk across the bed, with the child in its grimy blueness creeop ing uud crying about her head. Itwas the beginningof tIhe end. Oec again he fumbled the haft of hIis seaman's knife, and then by a quick impulse he plucked up the child in his arms. " Now God be praised for your poor face," hee said, and while lee dried the clhild's pitiful eyes, tihe hot drops started to his own. lie lit the fire, lie cooked a cod he had brought home with him, lie ate himself and fed the little one. Then lie sat before the hearth with the child at his breast, as any mother mighlt do, and hung over it as only a woman could who had suckled it there for at length it had come to him to know that if it was not to be lost and worse thian orphaned, he must henceforth be father and mother both to it. And when the little eyes, wet no longer, but laughing like sunshine into the big soared face above them struggled in vail with sleep, he wrapped the clhilt ice htis ragged guernsey and put it to lie like a busedle where the fire could warm it. Then all being donse he sat again, and leansing his elbows on his knees covered hIis ears with his hands, so that they miglt shut out the sound of the woman's heavy breathing. It was on that nighlt, for the first time sineo he fled from Iceland, tihat lie sawr the full depthl of his offenuce. Offence ? Crime it was, and that of tie belckeot; and ill the terror of his lonelineoss he trembled at thie thought that some day his horreble dumb secret would becomu known, that solmething would happen to toll it -that he was maerrind already whelo he married the womun who lay behind him. At that le saw ehow low he had fallcen-from her who once had been so pure and true beside hlim, and had loved himu and given up father, iand home, and fame for him; to this trull, who nsow dragged himi throughl the slushl, and trod on him and Ihatcd himn. Then thobitter thought came that what she had suffered for him, who lhald given him everythling, he could never repay by oune kind word or look. Lost she was to him for ever ancd ever, and parted from him by a yet widcr gulf tlhan five hsundred miles of sea. Such was theb agony of his shame, and through it ell the sunore of the sleeping woman went like iron through his head, so that at last he wrapped his arms about it aced sobbedl out to the dead fire at hisfeet, " IRalchl Iatchel! Rlachel!" All at ouc he became conscious that the heavy breathitng hald ceased, that the hlouse was silent, that something had touched him on the shoulder, and that a gaunt selhadow stood besideo him. It w-s the woman, who at the sound of Isis voice had arisen from her drunken sleep, and now gasped, " Whois RIachel ?" At that word his blood ran cold, and shiver hag in his clothes, he crouched luwer at the hearth, neither ansrwering nor looking up. Then with eycs of hate she cried agan, " Who is Rachlel ?" Dut the onsly voice lthat answered her was tihe voice that rangc witlhin him--" I'm a lost man. God help me ' Who in Raichel ?" the vwomrn cried once more, and the sound of that name from her lips, hardening it, brutalising it, befouling it, was the most awful thins by whlichl his soul had yet been shaken out of its stupor. " ?ho is she I say ? Answer me," she cried in a raging voice; but he crouched there still, with his haggard face aud misty eyes turned down. Then she laid her leand on hlisshoulider and shook himn, nnal cried bitterly. " Who is she, this light o'love-this bag j:t that ho etiffened himssel up, shuddered from head to foot, hlung her from him, and unswered in i torriblo voice, " Wooluan, she is my wife !" That word, like a thunderbolt left a heavy silence bhehid it. 'Liza stood looking in terror at Stephen's face, unable to utter a cry. But next day she wont to Parson Gell and told him all. She got small comfort. Parson Gull had lhimself had two wives; the flrst had deserted him, and after an interval of six years, in whichl he lhad not heard from her, ie had married thlsecond. So to!Liza he said, " IHe may have sinoed against the law, but what proof have you ? None." - Then she went to the Doemster at Ramsey. It was Daemster Lace-a bachelor much given to secret gllantries.. She got as little cliher from this source, but yet she came away with one drop of solace fer inenting in the bittarness of her heart. "Tut, swomanl, it's more common than you think for. And where's the hlarm? Och ! it's happened to some of the beat tlsat's going. Now, if he'd beaten you, or struckyou"-asLd the good mas raised both ellnds snd shook Ihis head. Then tho thought leapt to her mind that she herself could punislh Stephen a hundredfold worse than any law of bishop or dcuater. If she coull lsoe would not now put him away. lIe should live on with Iher, husband or no hues baand, nd alshe with him, wife or no wife. On her way home she called at the hsouse of Kane Wade, sat down with old Bridget, shod some crocodile tears, vowed she darelt't have tould it on no account to no other morth:al sowl, but would the heart of a woman bolavo it? P Bridget, who had herself had four husbands, lifted her hands l i horror, and next day, who 1a Stephlen Orry went down to tie boats, lirum Wade, who lead newly turned ilethodist, was 1 there already and told him-whittling a stick as lie spoko--that the llshisig was wonderful lean lival gettin', and if ihe didn't shorten hsalds it would be goin' begging on the houses they'd all be, sartos sure. Stoephl a took the hlint in silence, and wont off homo. 'Liza saw himi coming, watched him from the door, and studied ITis hard set face with a grim smile on heliar o;vn. Next day Stophen went oil to sMatt Myl chreest the aotmaker, but Matt shook his head, saying that M?anluon hald struck against foreign lon all over the island, and would nsot work witll thel . Thue slay fter tisait Stephen tried Nary Crowo, the minkoeper, but NIary said, of coorse, it wasn't himself that was I particular, only his custoiners were gottisn' nice extruordinary about a moan's moral chla. reter. As a last hIope, Stephen went up to Cleave Kiuley, who had land, and usked for a croft of live acres that ran down to the beach of Port-y. Vullis. " Nothing easier," said Kinley, " but I must have six pounds for it beginning half. quarter day." The rout was high, hut Stephen agreed to it, and promisod to go again the following day to seal his bargain. Stephen was prompt to his engagement, but Kisley had gonse on the mountains after some sheep. Steplhen waited, and four hours later Kinley returned, looking abashed, but dogged, and saying ie moust have good security for a year's rout Blown. Stepheon went back home with hsl head deep in Ilis breast. Again the woani saw him coming, again she studied Ihis face, and agaisn she laughed in her heart. " Iev will lift Ilis hand to me," she thought, " and then we shall see." sut he sooemol to read her purploJo, and determined to defeat it. She iught stBrvo him. herself, and their child, but the revenge lsho hlad not liher mind upon lse should not halve. Yet to live with her and contain himself at every irutul act or bestial word wias more thane lihe could trust himself to do, and he determined to flyaway. Let it be anywhero-uinywhere if only out of the torture of leer presence. Oone place was like another in teanni, for go wherer he would to any corner of the island, thereo saho would surely fdllow him. Old Thurstan Coobragh, of Ballaeroggan, gave him work at draining a flooded neadiw. It was slavery that no other Christian mnasr would do; but for a month Stephen Orry worked up to his waist in water, and lived on barley-bread and porridge. At thise nd of hi, Joblohad 30s. saved, and with this money in is pocket, and the child it his arms, he hurrioed down to the harbour at Ramsey, wheore an Irish packet lay ready to sail. Stephen Orry had never heard until thaen that before a man could leave the Isle of Ilan lie must hold a licOco permitthing him to do so. s' Go to the high bailiff," said the captain of the packet; and to the high bailiff Stephen Orry went. " I conome for a licence to go away into Ire land," he said. " Very good. But whore is your wife ?" said the high bailiff. Are you leaving her be. hind you to be a burden oa the parish ?" At that Stephen's heart sank, for he saw that his toil had Ioon wasted, and that his savings were worthless. Doomed ise was for all his weary days to live with the woman who hated hui. Ile was bound to her, he was leashed to her, and hie must go begrimed and bedraggled to the dregs of life wtl her. So lihe went back home, and hid his money in a hole in the thatch of the roof, that the touch of it might vex his memory no moro. And then it flashed upon him that what lihe was now suffering from this woman was after all no more than the complement and counter. part of what Raehell had suffered from him in the years behind them. It was just-yes, it was just-and because he was a man and Racheol a woman, it was leos than ioe deserved. So thinking, he , sat himself down in Iis misery with resignation, if snot content, vowing never to lift his hand to tihe woman, however tormented, and never to leave her, however tempted. And when one night, after a storm, an open boat came ashore, he took it and used it to fish with, and tnus lie lived, and thus he wore away his wretched days. daid yet he never could have borne his punishment but for the sweet solace of Ihis child; It was the flower in his dungeon, the bird at its bars. Since that bad night, when his secret had burst from hin, lie had nursed it and cherished it, and had done for it many tender oHi?cs., Every day he had softened its oatcake in his broth, and lifted the barley out of his own bowl into the child's basin. In the summer he had stripped off shoes and stockings to bathe the little ankles in the bay, and iu winter he had wrapped the child in fisa jacket and gone bara.armed. It was now four years old and went everywhere with Stephen, astride on his broad back or perched on his high shoulders. He had christened it MLichael but because its bong wavy lhir grow to he of the colour of the sun he called it, after tisa manier of the people, Sunlocks. And like the sun it was, in that hut in P'ort.y.Vullin, for when it awoke there was a glint of rosy light, and wl-eu t slept all was gloom. IHo taughlt it to speak Iis native Icelandic toisgue, aiid the woman, who foundeverythizng evil thaet Stephen did, found tlise a barrier betweenlher anedthechild. Itwasonlyinhisigno rance that hle dlid it. 1utoh, strange destroy I that out of the father's ignorancowas to slhapo the child's wisdom in the days that were to come! And little Sunlocks was eyes and ears to Steshen, anid hIope to his crushed spirit and in tellgence to his slow mind. At slghlt of the child tel vacant look would die saway from Stoephen's face; at play with himi Stephon's Frent hulking logs would run hither and thlither ii ready willingness : and at hearing his strange questions, hiis wondrous answers, his pretty, cleversayings. Stepheun's poor dense wit would seem to stanlld agaple. Oh. little Suoloks--littlo Smulocks-floating like the daydewni into this lose manz's prison house, hlow soon was your glad liglet to be overcast! IFor all at ones it amote Stoep~t n like a blow on the brain that thlough it was right that he should live with I the woman, yet it was an awful thing that the chlild should continue to do so. Growiig uip in such anI atmosphore with sueh a ll exumplo caysa present to dis eyes. wh would she child becotno? Soured, addened, perheapseucuinig, peerlehpe malicious; at least sdapteseg hiemseolf, as his father had slons before hism, to the air he had to breutho. And thinking tlthat little Sunllocks, now so sweet, so suunny, so Sartless, so isnnocent, must come to tlii, ell the Iga!lof Stelehen Orry's fate rose to his throat lhiat could he do ? Tlake little Sunlocka away ? That was impossible, for hle cohuld ot take hlimself away. WVhy lIl the child been born ? lihy had Ile not died V WVould not the good God take him to himself even now, is all the sweeotnres of his childlhood ? No, no, no--not that either ; and yet-yes, yes, yes I Stlhepon's poor alolw brein struggled long with this thoughlt, anel et length a stetrant'O and soleens idea tookhold of it; little Sualocks must lie, and hle must kill him. Stephens Orry did sot vwriggle with hIis cou science, or if Ih cozeicd it at all be made him ,elf believe that it woull not be sin but sacrifice to part with the thing hle held dearest in all the world. Little Semlocks was his life, but little Sunlocks must dio! Bettert better, better so! And having thos dctereued, he went canu tiously, and even cunningly, to work. When the little one had disanppeed, he himself would never be suspected, for all the island would say he loved it too tenderly to do it a wrong, and Ihe would tell overbody that he had taken it to aeme old body in the south who had wished to adopt a child. So with Sunlocks laughing and crowing astride his shoulder, he called at Kane Vade's house on Bdlluro one day, andL to:d Bridgot how he should miss the little chap, for Sunlocks was going down to the Calf very sac n, and would not coma home again for a lon' tim, perhaps not for many a year, perhapo not tntilho was a big slip of a lad, and, imaybo-who could tell ?-he would never come back at all. Thus he laid his plans, but even when they were cotpllte ho could not bring himself to carry them through, until one day, going up from the beach to sell a basket of crabs and cole, he found 'Liza drinking at the "Hiber. nitan.. How she came by the money was at first his surprise, for Nary Crowe had long abandoned her; and laving bitter knowledge of the way shte had once spent his earnings, hoe himself gave her nothing now. But suddenly adark thought came, and Ie hurried home, thrust his hant into the thatch where he had hidden Ids savings, antd found the place empty. That was the day to do it, he thouLght ;and Ite took little Sunlocks and washed ais chubby face anti combed his yellow hair, curling it over Ida own great undeft fingers, and put his best clothes oti him-the white cotton pinafore and the red worsted cap, and the blue stockings freshly darned. This tle did that he might comfort, the child .. . a .also _tt heeight re. mtimnher tim at lia best. And little Sunlocks, in high glee at such busy preparations, laughed much and chatteredlong, uaskng many questions. '" \hero are we going, father? Out-oh ? Where ?" " We'll see, little Sunlocks; we'll see." " But where ? Church ? What day is this ?" " The last, little Sunlocks, the last." " 01, I know, Sunday." When all was ready, Stephen lifted the child to the old perch acrost his sIhoulders, and made for the shore. Iis boat was lying aground there; ho pushedit adrift, lifted the child into it, and leapt after him. then taking the oars, he pulled out for Maug. Little Sunlocks had noverbeeon out in the boat before, and everything was a wonder and do. light to him. " You said you would take me on the water some day. Didn't you, father ?" " Yes, little Sunloks, yes." It was evening, and the sun was sinking bohelnd the land, very large and rod in its setting. " Do the sun fall down eve'ry day, father ?" " It sets, little Sunlocke, it sote.' " What is sets ?" " Dies." " Oh." The waters lay asleep under the soft red glow, and over tliem the seafowl wore salling. " Why are the whito birds eso'eaning ?" " N)aybo they're calling their young, little Situnloeks." It was late spring, and on the headland the shdooi were bleating. " Look tit tie baty one-away, away, up yonder. Whit's it doing there by itself on the oak, and e'yt,, t1ur C'ying and c'ying ?" " iybe it'sehost, little Sunlocks." "' Then why doesn't somebody go and tell ito father ?" And the innocent face was full of trouble. The suts went down, the twilight doepened, the air grew chill, the waters black, adStoephen was still pulling round the head. " Fatlher, inre does the night go when we tre asleep V'" " To the other world, little Sunlocks." " Oh, I know--leaveti." Stephe astripped elf lis guernsey and wrapped it about thile chilt. ILsa eyes shonto brightly, Ihis month was parched, but le did miot lich.11 All thoughts, save one thought, had faded from his view. As lie canme to Port ?aooar the moon rose anid alout ilte slt'li titu thlle light iippeared on Point of Ayro. A little later lie iwy the twinkle of lesser lilghts to the south. They wore the lights of L'xy whelIre manty hapIpy children gladdened inanyr happy liresides. lio looked around. There was not a sail in sialght, and not a sound cattle to his ear over the low murmur of the sea's goetlo swell. " NoWb is he titno "lie thou it. lto put In ila oars and -h ilt ?-loa and do it. ThI tl e ono e % I then it would be easier done. So ite took hiut in his arnes and wrallpped him in it piece of sail cloth. "Shut your eyes and sleep, little Suitn locks." " I'ss not sleepy, I'm not." Yet soon thie little lids feull, opened again and fell once more, taid then suddenly the child started up. Bi tt i haven't said ty p'ayers." SSay thore now, little Sutnilocke." " Gentle Jesus, mteek andmill, Look upon a little child, Guard tie while in sleep I lie, Take me to ThI home on--on-- " " Would you like to go to lheaven, little Sutnlocks P" " No." " Why not P" " 1 want to keep with--with--my fatil- " The little eyes were closed by tils time, and thechild wis asleep on Stephen's knees. Now was the time-now-now. But no, it was harter now than over. The little face-so sillent, so peaceful .how formidable it was ! Tite little soft hand 'in his own big hard palm--ow strong and ter. rible I Stephen looked down at thile child and his bowels yearnedlover it. It cost hiint It struggle tnot to kiss it ; but no, that would only make tite task harder. Suddenly a now thought smoto himt. What had this child doine that lie shltoul take its lifoe Who was lie that Ie should rolb it of what he could never give it again ? By what right did Ihe dare to coatte betweent this living soul and heaven? When did the Altnighlt God tell hint what the after. lifo of this bubo was to be ? Stephen trembled at the thought. It was like a voice from the skies calling on Iitmt to atop, and a hand reaching out of them to snatch thie child front his graap. Whfr t he dp. itntended to do was not to be? Heaven 'had set its face against it! Little Sunlocks was not to die! Little Sun. locks was to live. T'llank God ! Ohl Thank God! ; But late that night, agroup of people stad-. ing at their doors on the boach at Port Lague saw a tall manl in his shirt sleeves go by in the darkness, with a sleepiug child in his arms. The man was Stoplhen Orry, and he was sobbing like a swoman whlose heart is btokot. Tleo child was little SunIloLks, and hie was being carried'back to Iis mother's home. - The people hailed Stepihen and told hhim that a foreigner frous a ehip in the b:ay had been askingr for him tlhat evtening, They had sent the man along ,to l'ort-y- Vullhn. Stepllen hulrried lhono with fear ntlhis heart. In five minutes he was there, and theu his life's blood ran cold. 'Io found the house empty, except forhis wife, and she lay outstretchedon the floor. Shet was cold-shel weo dead; and it clay, on tho ? evsrIIuh6o hheresisd,-thaloe.worda were writtent in the Icolandio tongue, "So'f? Patrickson avenged." Avenged I Oh, power. of Heaven, that drive the potty passions of inen like dust before youI 