the presbyterian jubilee. THE CLOSING SERVICE. Scots Gburch was crowded to its utmost capacity last night, when the closing sorvico of tho jubiloo celebrations was held. Tho Rov. Dr. Macgrogor, ono of the deputies from Scotland, preached, taking for his text Acts xx., 17 aud 28, and for his theme, Prcsby- torianism. Ho claimed for it thnt its form of government was tho nearest to that of tho early Apostolic Church as instituted by the Saviour himsclf. Tho disoiplcs, as soon as thoir Lord left them, procooded to tho oxcrciso of tho functions of tho church, and at onco put into active oxeroiso tho ministry of preaohing, of prayor, the administration of the sacrament, and tho admission of mombers. On tho day whon tho disciplos were in tho uppor room, when tho Holy Ghost oamo upon thom, the church was fairly launohod, and it was significant of its vitality that the marvellous rapidity with which it spread immediately after this was greater than it has oror been sinco. Tho last of the Apostlescould carty his romombranco from the little company which banded together in the upper room iu Jerusalem, and could travol from Romo to AsiaBIinor, from thoRhiue to thoTagus, and could find no considerable city whero thogos- Sel had not been preached, and few in whioh a hristiun community bad not been formed oither by himself or his companions. Ill point of fact tho first 30 yoars of its cxistenco wero the most momentous in tho church's history. AVith the passing away of the last of the Apostlos tho churcii might be said to liavo imssod from a somewhat unnatural condition and to liavo entered upon those natural c nditions upon which wo now base it. Tho disciples had soon and talkod with the Blaster, and had received from Him powors which thoir successors did not inhorit. They had transmitted authority to, oldors in tho churches thoy founded, and tho authority had como down in unbroken succession to the presont day. The disciples' ciiurcuos wore modeiicu on tho form given thom by Christ, "but as they could not from tbo nature of their mission stay long in one place various forms of govern ment crept in. At the time of Christ tho Jews had tho service of tho Synagogue, a scrvico in whioh tho Saviour and his disciples often par ticipated, and the form of government was that of the Presbyterian Church of to-day — a form of representative church government, of ruling and teaching elders, whilo quostions of gravo import wore submitted to an assembly of the elders or ministers of tho church. Presby- tcrianism of to-day had one great Head, as had also the early Apostolic Ohurch ; it had a groat High Priest, as the Fathers had in tho early times. Its polity was similar to theirs ; they had no earthly head, ueithor had Prcsbyterianism, but its assemblies were presided ovor by a moderator or president who waschoseii fromamong his fellows for astated timo, and so was tho moderator of a Presby terian Assembly. In the early days, and aftor tho apostlos, difforencos bogan to creep in in methods of government, and somo churches of tho presont day wore founded partly on tho models of thoso churches. The Presbyterian form of government was theoretically perfect, but thero were points in which it might be iin- iroverl. In Episcopaiionism tho bishop or arch- (ishop was tho earthly head of the church ; in Prcsbyterianism thoy had no stated head, save Christ Himself, but in matters of govornmont it might bo as woll if the Episcopalian came down a little from his high cxclusivcncss, and tho Presbyterian ascended a little above hie podostal, and a blending of the best points of the two was made. Thero was, however, no room for tho churches to find fault with oaoh other ; it wero bettor that thoy should join forces to fight tho common enemy and to extend Christ's kingdom in this world. Tho sermon occupiod nearly an hour and a half in delivery. 