MERCÜRY_JUNIÖK. BOY REBELS. [IN EIGHT CHAPTERS.] CHAPTER III. AN I-SfPEETINENT PETITION. Brightly was speechless. He looked from one to the other of the persons present in unfeigned astonishment. Beginning to recover his presence of mind, he took up the papers and examined them. Surely enough there was the erasure, and thero the substitution. The work had not been neatly done, either. The original figures were still discernible. He laid down the lists more perplexed than ever. He was" sure he had not made the alterations him- self, and he could not understand why any one else should have made them ¡ especially why they should have been made in his favour. Glancing around again on the occupants of the room, he noticed that Colonel Silsbee and Pinkleton were looking steadfastly at him, but that Brede sat with MB eyes turned away. In the next moment the explanation was sug- gested to Brightly'a mind. He know that Brede had handled the reports that day ; ho know that Brede would go any length to injure him. The plot, its conception, its object, its fulfilment were as plain to him now as sunlight. A Budden hatred flared up in his heart against the author of so cowardly a scheme ; such a hatred as impels the hand of the assassin. Hot words came to his lips ¡ an indignant denial was on his tongue, a passionate charging of malice and crime against his implacable enemy. But in the midst of his wrath ho took counsel of his judgment, and checked the utterance. What would Brede care for his anger or IIÍB argument ? He would have anticipated that. He would only curl his lips more scornfully than usual and invijra proof of the accusation. That would not do. Suddenly a now thought flashed into Brightly's mind. It was the conception of a scheme com- pletely to checkmate his enemy-a scheme so bold and novel and unprincipled that it swept conscience like a feather before it, and impetuously floated ita lie to the lad's lips. For one moment he hesitated ; then he placed his finger on the altered list, and said : _" These figures are correct. That is my true standing." Brede turned in his chair and started to his feet, gazing upon the speaker increduously. The lie waa so unexpected, so deliberate, so audacious, . that it staggered him. J " Why !" he exclaimed, impulsively. " I-" Another word would have betrayed him hopelessly. He saw his mistake in time, checked himself, and dropped into his chair in red-faced confusion. Colonel Silsbee waved his hand toward the door. "That is all, Brightly," he said. "The figures will stand as they are. Tou are excused." Brightly bowed, left the office, and returned to his place in the school-room. A few minutes later Brede came out also. His countenance had greatly changed. Instead of the scornful smile of self satisfaction, his face bore maiks of humiliation and of bitter disappointment. He shot one angry glance at the enemy who had outwitted him, ana passed to his seat. But his books were nothing to him ; he had been baffled, crushed, out-Heroded. He smarted and writhed with a sense of ignomin- ious defeat. The night passed and the morning carne and the days went by, but this feeling remained with him j lie could not shake it off. To know that his intended victim had been guilty of an offence BO enormous that its mere disclosure Would bring down upon the offender punishment and permanent disgrace, and yet to be powerless, to see this unblushing liar go scot-free from the penalty of a crime which he did not dare to bring to light, hurt him, galled him, exasperated him almost beyond endurance. It made him careless at drill, neglectful of his studies, violent in temper. He spoke lightly of ruleB, he sought the society of boisterous fellows, he fraternised with the ruder and disorderly ele- ment. His demoralization was so marked and rapid that it became the talk of the school. ne never spoke to Brightly ; he tried to ignore him j but whenever these two met in those days, whether in the drill-hall, the class-room, or the corridor, each felt that the other knew to a certainty the guilt of both. And yet Brede, measuring his enemy's feeling by his own, had no conception of the true state of Brightly's mind. Had he known what this young follow suffered, he might have asked no greater revenge. The lie was scarcely cold on thelad's lips before he regret- ted having spoken it. Within ten minutes from the time he uttered it he would have given much to bo able to recall it j but that was clearly im- possible. He felt that it would only make the matter so much the worse. His exultation at Brede's discomfiture was short- lived. After that night it never gave him a moment's pleasure. He sought to drown the memory of it in idle thought, in boisterous fun, in hot discussion with his fellows ; but all expedients were vain. It was a veritable Banquo's ghost. He lost strength, hope, courage, ambition. Before the utterance of that fatal falsehood ha had not thought but that he should soon regain his office, his honor, and his old position in the school. Now he did not even wish to do so. But of Brede he had scarcely a thought now, except the occasional flashing up of that old hatred and disgust in his heart. They were little more to each other than strangers. Once they met and exchanged words. It was in the drill-hall while they were waiting for supper. There was a small boy at the school who was called by his companions "Apache," or, more briefly, " Patchy." He had come there from an army post in the far West, where his father, a Government officer, was stationed, and it had pleased his fellows to pretend that they supposed him to belong to the Apache tribe of IndianB. Brede was annoying this boy, who liked play well enough so long as it was not too boisterous, Tjut who felt that he was being handled a little too roughly now, and who called, still half in fun, to Brightly, who was passing at the time, to come to his aid. Brede had not intended to hurt the lad, and would not have done so ; but this appeal to his enemy angered him, and he gave the child's arm a twist that caused the little fellow to cry out with pain not now assumed. Brightly had stopped for a moment, uncertain whether to respond ; but when, the cry came, he advanced a step toward the two, and said to Brede, " Lot the boy alone." The captain loosed his hold of Patchy, who im- mediately made his escape, and thrusting his hands in his pockets, stared for a moment in feigned contempt at his adversary. " I don't take orders from disgraced officers !" he said. Brightly answered, trying to be calm, " A person who has been guilty of forging records shouldn't talk te others about disgrace." Brede's face grew white with passion. " Nor do I take advice from common and contemptible liars," he responded, scornfully. It is uncertain what would have been said or done next, had not Harpie seized Brightly's arm and hurried him away. He had chanced to notice the two boys in conversation, had hurried across the hall in time to hear the last words, and, acting on the urgent necessity of the moment, now rescued his friend from further tiouble by removing him from the scene. » Harpie had made it his business during these days to be with or near his chum as much as pos- sible. He felt somehow that Brightly was no longer responsible for his own conduct, and that some one should be on hand to keep him from bring- ing further disgrace upon himself. In this case, at least, his vigilance had been amply awarded. Ho shuddered to think what the reBult would have been if the quarrel with Brede had gone on. But Harpie suffered much by reason of his anxiety for his friend. It pained him deeply to see Brightly sinking into such a deplorable state ; he was beginning to feel that he was powerless to save him. He had exhausted his powers of logic, of entreaty, even of abuse. He could do nothing now except to stand by and extend such aid and comfort as he might. Brightly was Btill as friendly with him and apparently as fond of him as of old, but he would not listen to reproof or advice. Harpie watched with alarm the demoralisation also of Brede. He felt and knew that there were strong and co-operating influences at work on these two long- time rivals and enemies that were drag- ging them both, snrely and rapidly, to degradation, but what these influences were he could not even guess. Almost every movement made by either was an act of retrogression. Perhaps the change was more marked in respect to the society they chose than in any other way. Boys with whom Brightly had had nothing in common in the better days, and whom Brede had utterly disdained, appeared now to be the friends of both. Colonel Silsbee's hope that the deepening spring- time would put to rest the spirit of unquietness and discontent among his boys was not realised. There was neglect of lessons ¡ there were breaches of military discipline, infractions of academy rules, private quarrels, boisterous oonduct A half-a-dozen of the older boys had been_ dis- covered one day in a secluded nook smoking cigars and pipes, and had been promptly disciplined. There had been an incipient riot in the upper dor- mitory at night after taps, the participants m which had been severely punished. Half the school was on delinquency, and of half that number the delinquency was perpetual. The principal and teachers were quite at a loss what course to pursue. One thing only seemed feasible, and that was to draw the lines with still greater strictness, and to compel the utmost obedience by the severest disciplina. Thus matters stood at the close of a beautiful May day. It was one of those languid, luxuriant days, on which every lover of nature longs to be in tha woods and fields, breathing without stint air sweetened by the touch of bursting buds and grow- ing leaves and springing grass. It was after supper and before the time for the evening session. The boys were strolling about the grounds, playing q»iet games, or lounging on the lawn. A group of them, however, had gathered near the eastern porch of the building, and where shouting and singing boisterously. Some one had composed a few doggerel verseB containing little of either rhyrao or metre, and had entitled them "The Noble Army of Delinquents." It was the chorus of this song that the members of the little group where shouting out with rude vigour. They tired of this finally, and then one, Fryant, spoke up. " What wo want and need, fellows," he said, " ia a holiday. It's a shame for Old Sil to put us on delinquency and keep us shut up here such a day as this." " True enough !" responded Belcher. " Last year we had a holiday long before this time. The old man's trying to spite us because we happen to belong to the noble army of delinquents. That's what's the matter now, and I, for one, don't pro- pose-" i " Let's petition him to go to-morrow," broke in a third speaker. "The woods are splendid now. Beach and Valentine were over the river yesterday and they said so." "Yes, let's petition him!" exclaimed two or three at once. Some one threw up his cap and cried out : " A holiday ! holiday !" In a moment others took up the cry and sent it out through the twilight. Boys, separately and in groups, came hurrying toward the little party, attracted by the unusual sound. When they heard what the proposition was they were mostly in favor of it. It had been the custom of Colonel Silsbee to give his boys a holiday every spring. They usually went in a body to the groves across the river, taking luncheon with them, and spending the day rowing, in athletic games, or in roaming about the woods. Such a day could not fail to have charms for any boy, but for those delinquent lads, who were not allowed to leave the grounds save as they were marched discreetly to church on Sunday mornines and evenings, the very thought of pleasure like this was intoxicating. The holiday idea was infectious ; it spread like a swift contagion. Everybody was shouting for it now. Some one turned to Brightly, saying : " Here, Bright, you draw the petition ; you can do it." "Tes," cried some one else, "let Bright draw it, he's literary, he can put it in better shape than any other fellow in school." Now Brightly was not averse to compliments, and in no way was his vanity more easily flattered than by favourable comment on his literary ability, which, indeed, was not slight. Moreover he felt a certain grim pleasure in the fact that although he had been suspended and disgraced by the authorities, yet when anything was to be done requiring peculiar mental skiU and art he was unanimously selected by the boys of the school to do it. So, followed by a score or more of them, he led the way to tue vacont school-room, intent on the accomplishment of their desires, thoughtless and careless of what the result might be to himself. Hastily scribbling what he considered a good form for a petition he read it to the boys. " 'Taint strong enough," said one. " We don't want so much beggarly humility in it," said another. " We've got a right to a holiday, and we'd best let him know t we know it." " Put it to him fair and square, Bright," said Fryapt, " there's no use mincing matters j he's beoring down heavy on UB, and we've got to meet him on his own ground." Thus conjured, Brightly made another effort, this time apparently with better success, for when be read what he had written they all cried, " Good ! that's good ! now copy it !" J Six months before, he would never have thought of writing such a paper at the dictation of this lawless crowd ; but now, with jealousy stinging him, with conscienee torturing him, with disgrace hanging over him, he had only his self-respect to fall back upon, and that, alas ! was already follow- ing in the wake of hope and ambition, both of which had left him weeks ago. When the petition was copied it read as follows : ' To Colonel Jotiaa Silabee, Prinoipnl of Hlvcpark Academy. Tile petition of the undersigned cadets and students oí River park respectfully represents : That whereas It has been the custom yearly to devote one day of the Bpring season to a whole holiday ior the entire school, with games, lunches, &c;, in the groves across the river, and whereas the time has fully come when euoh holiday should be enjoyed Now,* therefore, we the undersigned, designate to-morrow, the tenth day of May, as the day ot our oholce for said holiday, and we herewith make known our proposition for celebrating the same, to the end that the proper arrangements may be duly made and the programme carried out according to the usual custom. (Signed) .. ?? At the moment when the paper was ready for signature Brede entered the room. " Here !" cried a dozen boys at onco. " Brede, captain ! sign the petition !" " What for ?" asked Brede, surlily. "A holiday! We're going to have a holiday j sign the petish !" The Captain took the paper and read it. " Haven't you put it pretty strong ?" he asked. " It's got to be strong," was the reply, " or we won't get the holiday." Plumpy, the fat boy, waddled hastily toward the group, crying out in his falsetto voice : *' A horse ! a horse ! my kingdom for a mule !" "Plumpy wants a mulo!'' shouted Patchy, hilariously, " What you want a mule for, Plumpy." " To cross the raging Helles-py-ont and picnic in the groves of doodle dell," responded Plumpy, in mock heroics. "Oh, shut up," cried some one, but Plumpy continued: "Why, then, without a mule, I'll swim the raging flood me sel-luf to bask-" " Oh, shut up, shut up !" sounded a chorus of voices. " Put him out ! Sit on him !" This last suggestion was promply acted on; a half-dozen lads pounced en the unfortunate fat boy, dragged him to the floor, rolled him over and over like a bulging barrel, and smothered hiB squeals by placing their combined weight on his elastic body. But they did not hurt him. Indeed, it seemed almost impossible by any course of treat- ment to give Plnmpy more than the suggestion of physical pain. Brede was still scanning the petition. " O come, captain !" said some one at his elbow, " sign the petition. " If you don't sign it we won't stand a ghost of a show." "And if you do," continued another, "we'll have a dead sure thing." Brede's vanity was flattered. " Well, I don't care," he said, sharply. " What's the use ? If a fellow gets into trouble all he's got to do is to lie out of it and Silsbee'll coddle him back to virtue. There's no use trying to be decent here any more. Where's your pen r" The pen was given to him and he signed his name. His was the first signature to the petition. Then Harpie was sought but he could not be found, and there was no time to be lost, so others affised their signatures without regard to the order in which they came. Brightly signed the paper, of course. He could do no less after having drawn it. Not that he cared about the holiday, but he had become too weak and indifferent to resist any pressure or to count the cost of any action. The evening session interfered with a further circulation of the petition, but before tattoo was sounded there was another opportunity to sign it, and at reveille on tho following morning it was again on its rounds. At inspection a committee of two was appointed to present it to the principal. These two, Robinson and Miller, had been selected on account of their popularity and high-standing; one of them, indeed, was an honor-grade man. They selected the time immediately after break- fast to approach Colonel Silsbee with the petition. He was in his office and they went there. They were gone but a few moments. When they came out, they were surrounded by' a group of eager questioners. " What did he say ?" " Are we going ?" " Did he read it ?" They were all asking at once. " Keep still a minute," said Robinson, " and I'll tell you. He took the paper and just glanced at it and then he folded it up again. He said he'd take the matter into consideration and whatever he conceived to be for the best interests of the school, that he'd do. He said he'd let us know at the opening of the session. Now, that's as near as I can remember it. Isn't that about what he said. Miller." " Just about. It's as close as you can get to it, anyway. I tell you what, boys, he looked mighty favourable." " Do you think we'll get it, honest," asked an eager by-stander. " Tes," replied Miller, " I do." " Hurrah for the holiday !" shouted an enthu- siastic delinquent. " We're going to get the holiday j hurrah!" The good news spread, and as it passed from lip to lip, the holiday was spoken of as an assured fact. Indeed, many of the boys hastened to their rooms to make preparations for going. As the long file wound up into the school-room at the usual hour for the morning session, the flow of good feeling was manifested by so much good natured mischief that the officers found it difficult to keep order in the ranks. The morning was beautiful, nature was propi- tious, there was not a cloud to be discovered either in the blue sky or on the bright hopes of the students. Everybody was jubilant. Even Brightly had awakened to an unusual degree of enthusiasm, and Brede was smiling and swaggering with much of the old-time manner. Colonel Silsbee entered the room, read the Scripture lesson as usual, and offered the morning prayer. Then, seating himself "again in his chair, he looked down for a moment on the ) right and expectant faces before him. In that look, kindly but stern, his pupils discovered the first cloud upon the horizon of their hopes. (To bo continued.) 