Melbourne Gossip (From our own Correspondent. ) Meanwhile the Corporation of Melbourne have expressly stated in what manner the Board shall not be constructed. They have decided that they will oppose any attempt to make the Board a more Beaurocracy. They do not intend that it shall be a "harbor of refuge," into which the needy friends of Ministers may be safely steered and moored, who are unfitted, or unwilling, to brave the storms of every day-life in the arena of com petition, in which most of us have to struggle for bread. Neither will they sanction the elective principle, if the members and officials are to be elected by small, but privileged cliques. In these resolutions the Corporation are undoubtedly right, and if they Btiek to- them, as I believe they will, the people will support them. What is wanted hore is <J"- centralisation. The less the Government have to do with purely municipal affairs the better ; and the principle of municipal gov,- eminent must he maintained in the construe,- tion of the Metropolitan Board of Works. ' We have seen, it) the dismissal of Mr Nimmo, how a set of Ministers, in want of a- place for a needy supporter, will act upon: occasion ; and we do not wish to multiply opportunities for their repeating the process. With respect to Mr Nimmo himself he has not been a very striking figure in the Cabinet, -and has not contributed much to the ad vance- . meat of the country during his tenure of office. For all that, the shamelesB way in which he has been turned out — for that is precisely what bis compulsory resignation amounts to— would have elicited for him a great amount of sympathy had he known how to keep himself quiet. . Much of the sympathy that would have been his, however, will not now find expression, on account of the un dignified manner in which he has acted:' Neither Mr Gillies nor Mr Deakin will rise very much in public estimation after the cor-, respondence relating to the Nimmo-Davies incident has been read— as, by- this time, it will have been read throughout the colony ; but, 011 the other hand, neither will the political reputation of the discarded Minister be improved by it, . . . . If we are to judge from the number of de putations which havq interviewed Ministers upon the subject, there will be some conten tion amongst country members before the promised Railway Bill has reached its final stage. This is but natural. Every district- that is not, already provided- with' a .railroad demands to have one, and these demands in the aggregate amount to a request' for the construction of nearly 6,000 miles of new lines. It is obviously impossible to at once provide for Buch a stupendous system of ex tensions, even were the immediate necessity for all of them made manifest. All that can be done, or that anyone can expect to be done, is that conflicting olaims shall receive full and fair consideration, and that the pro jected Railway Bill shall not be marred by jobbery or favouritism of any kind whatso ever. The most pressing olaims should be met, whilst those of minor importance will have to " bide a wee." jt was ramer coo Dau 01 r-ne juonaon cor respondent of a Melbourne daily to cable that the name of Mr M. H. Davies, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, would figure amongst the recipients of Birthday honours. The wives of embryo Knights are always in a- flutter of expectation until the dulcet sound, ."My Lady," fills upon their ears, and bo, perlians, are their husbands. At any rate the Cross of a Knight of the Most Noble: Order of St. Michael and St. George seemed so fairly within the grasp of the successful land speculator and politician that, T am told,, both Mr and Mrs Davies were congratulated by many friends at the reception, held at Government House on the evening of the 24th. in anticipation of the honour. It must have been extremely awkward afterwards, when the expected announcement did not appear. A correspondent of a weekly paper repeats a rumor that has obtained currency to the effect that a Geelong medico, and a bachelor besides, is in trouble. He has been prepar ing for a holiday trip to the old country. Upon the fact becoming known, he received an intimation from a widow that she intended to institute legal proceedings for the purpose of detaining him in Victoria, pending the satisfactory settlement of certain claims she alleged she had upon him. The nature of her claiin will be understood when I say that . she proposed, as a satisfactory settlement, either marriage, or the payment, of £3,000. As if this were not bad enough, a second widow stepped forward, put in her claim, to be settled either by marriage or the payment of £5,000. Now here is a pretty fix in which a poor bachelor is placed. He " wants to go home," and here are two ladies who point out to him the cost of the trip,- and propose the only conditions upon which he can' be suffered to make it. On the other hand the unfortunate gentle man declares that both ladies have mistaken " professional" attention for " attentions" of another, sort. They both repel the idea, however, and there the matter rests at pre sent. The doctor, it is plain, cannot marry them both, unless he turn Mahomedan "(a friend of mine, by the by, - a -Mahomedan bishop, has four wives), so he had better either pay both, or marry one arid pay the; other: He has my sympathy in either case ; though, if both ladies are in the right, it ought to be a caution to him in future. Men- should not strike sparks amongst, tinder, boxes. I have just come across a bit of interesting information ab<>ut smoke. Professor Chand ler Rob rts, of the Royal School of Mines (England), has c-.lcnlated the weight of the great smoke cloud which hangs daily over London. He states the weight to be £t least 300 tons. He estimates that, in this daily total, there are 50 tons of solid carbon, and. 250 tons of hydro carbons and carbonic acid gas ; and that the yearly value of this smoke . cloud is not less than £2,083,333. Ci.ming. from such a source, the statement is no doubt true. The only thing now to be done, is to find a man who can devise the means of turning that cloud into money. The process may not be easy, But I believe that, if, during last year's " boom," any man could have aaid as much with regard to the smoke cloud of Melbourne, an hour would not have passed before some one had projected a limited liability company to ' work it." A new periodical has just made its appear ance, to be published mouthly, entitled The Oddfellow which should interest all members of the fraternity. I forward the first number for favourable remark, if you think it deserv ing of such notice. J am informed that the editor will b9 glad to receive communications in the interests of Oddfellows, from any mem ber of the fraternity. It is gratifying to observe that the lossons taught by some of the constituencies during the late elections have borne fruit. It was expected that the demeanour of the new House would differ from that of the old one ; but few people ventured to hope for so great a change for the better as aeeina to have taken place. It was pointed out, however, by the daily presB that members of Parlia ment were pretty much what constituencies made them. If electors chouse to send over grown and ancient larrikins to the Assembly, and made no sign of disapproval of the mad pranks they played when they got there, it was not likely that they would place much restraint upon their actions. But the con stituencies almost as a body, have very sig nificantly expressed their opinions upon the matter, aud have let it be known that they send men to, and pay them for their atten dance in Parliament for the transaction of publio business and, moreover, that they expect their affairs to be conducted with some regard to the forms of common decency. Therefore, a change was expected when the new House met. Still, even those who had been most sanguine had hardly ventured to hope for so great an improvement aa seems to have taken place. For all that, it is perhaps as well not to be over Sanguine just yet. Theiv is still a con siderable quantity of the o-d leaven left in the new gathering, and no one knows exactly when-and where it will show itself All we pan' do is to hope .for the best. Tt should be the aim of .every member to make the Assem bly of which he forms a part respectable and reapqeted. That object can only be attained jwhen 'every member learns to respect himself, and' having learnt that, he will have learned toTespefit his fellow-members. It cannot be a aouroe of pride, one would think, to be one of a body from which some of onr best men hold' aloof— which week after week has been the subject of ridicule in the columns of the so-called Society periodicals — and which has so frequently been gravely rebuked by all the leading organs of public opinion. A change has;now been made in the right direction, and it is to be hoped that every member, whether he represents town or country, will see the necessity of using his best endeavours to raise the tone of the House until it has reached the standard to which it is desirable ' it shonld attain. Before these lines are read, however, a test. will have been applied which will try the mettle of the House. The new rules of pro cedure will raise a discussion whenever they are brought forward. They are drastic and sweeping in character, but not more so than experience has shewn to be necessary ; and orderly members ought to no more resent their! introduction than orderly and law- abiding citizens resent the appearance of polibemen in the slrbeta. Both are necessary to tHe well- being of society. After having failed to secure a suitable Attorney-General from the ranks of the Public Service, the Government have at last thrown the post open to competition among outsiders. The datieB of the office require a sound and. extensive knowledge of legal affairs in the person who holds it ; still it is a rather significant fact that only nine men have applied for the situation. The imme. diate; salary Is £900, with a prospective in crease to £1000. It therefore follows that men of the right stamp can make more money at the Bar, and there is small blame to them if they prefer to keep their private practice. As a matter of fact, the sum offered is looked upon as a mere pittance by qualified men, and is certainly not equal to the emoluments of some other of bur, public offices which re quire a . less amount -of ability to manage them. . i could mention a colony with a third of tHVpopulation, and less than one eighth thq iroVenrie of Victoria, in which the officer Jiol<fing,the; position corresponding to that of our' -Attorney-General, receives £1,250 a year, with 'a -reversionary interest in the chief Judge-ship, and is assisted by a Deputy at £1000, a.Crown Attorney at £700, and Crown Solicitor at £600 — the two first-named officers haying seats in the Legislative Council. The consequence is that the best men at the Bar go in for the higher posts referred to. People have riot yet done talking about the Niinmo inoident. As a minister the gentle man: was not of much use, and had he re signed of his own free will, or had he been pitched into a seat on the other side of the Horise through an overturn of the Ministerial coach, most people would have Baid "good riddance." But the way in which he has been: turned out of office has created for him a certain amount of sympathy, while it has earned for . the Premier and his ohief colleague a good deal of well-merited contempt. If there existed a compact opposition, led by a capable man/the government would not have a long tenure of office. But the opponents of the govern men t are so split up into small par- ties|\with only Mr Mqnro for a leader, that they can do nothing, and the Lords of Mis rule will continue in office Botne time longer. What is now wanted is a politician capable of welding the ' mutually repulsive fragments" of the opposition into a homogenous whole. Unfortunately, that man has not yet made his appearance. Meanwhile, Mr D. M. Davies has begun to draw ministerial pay. Referring to that gentleman a Society paper says that this is the in which Mr Nimmo puts it :5f D. — M. Davies !" Very likely ? The Opposition, such as it was, managed to spring a surprise apon the Government — and 'the public, on the very day Parliament wak'opened. "They positively refused to raise a debate upon the address. They were pro bably aware that we had enough of that sort of thirig last year to suffice for the next five sessions; Whatever, their motives may have .beeiK; however, the public are infinitely ob- . ligeokto them, and will mark that evidence of their ghod sense on. the credit side of their accpjint in the public ledger. The Address w&r; moved . by Mr Peacock, a young Austra lian .uative,. and his first performance did him crbdit-0 His style is rather monotonous — a fatilfc- that ideas, however good they may be, dq not, always redeem. He should practise thp art of public speaking a little more. The seconder of tha Address, Mr Foster, of Gipps- larid. also spoke very well. He is frank also, and told the Government that if his single vote could turn them out on the Stock Tax, he would give that vote. But that, as the tax had not a ghost of a ohance at present, he would help them in carrying out their general policy. 