Wxt "gvLmomt MR, AND MBS. BOWSER. [By UBS. HowsI & j "Well, what do you think ?' queried Mr. Bowser, as he looked np at me aoross the supper table one evening. " ion — yon haven't been and bought another horse, Mr. Bowser?" " Horse! Can't you think of anything but horse? I suppose you'll throw that horse up to me to four dying da; ?" " I'm so glad you have decided not to bay another! Is it some more chickeuB, or a new fitei«scape, or another dog to eat us up?" He turned pale, and refused to sav another word for two hours.' Then he could hold himself no longer, and he suddenly observed:—- " I suppose yon will feel proud of the title of Mrs. Aid. Bowser." " What do yon mean f' "Jnsftfcwhat I say. Yon are soon to be known as Mrs, Aid. Bowser." Are you going to run for office t" VI am. It was all settled this afternoon. I am going to be nominated for alderman for this ward." " Mr. Bowser, is it possible that yoa are going to let them lead you into any such foolishness"! I thought you had a more level bead 'than that, in spite of ail your mistakes.* My mistakes!" he shouted. "I never made one in my life, except when JI married ' yon! lievol head I I'd like to see some one , who carries a more level head than I do!" And ao you are going to beanidderman f If I live." " But what for?" '{Because it is the wish of the people. My country calls. The committee have oanvassed the ward and conoluded that I was not only the best man for the office, but the only one who stood any show against the vicious opposition. It is a eaorifice on my part, bnt the trne patriot most be ready to sacrifice." ",Tm so sorry 1" " So sorry ! Vot what? Because I have been selected above ail others 1 Because honours have been thraBt upon me! Mrs. Bowser, yon have never appreciated the man yon married, and you probably never will." V Well, I shan't say any more. I think it is a put-up job to get money outof you, and I knpw what a gang will be running here after you. It's your own afiair, however. Don't blame me if you get left." " There you go! AlwayB opposed to me ! I Can plainly see why some men never get along. If I had a wife like Bome I know of I'd have been Governor of the State long ago. I'm going to run, hoirever, and after I'm elected you'll probably be iust mean enough to Bay you brought it about." I didn't say any more. As soon as he left the houfe next morning I prepared for visitors, and I was not disappointed. He was hardly oat of eight before the bell rang, and I opened the aoor to find a dirty-looking fellow, with his bat on his ear, who asked— " Is Bowsnr home ?" " No, sir." " Gets out pretty early, doesn't he ? Leave any money for me ?' " No, sir/' " He didn't, eh ? Party specimen of a candidate, he is! Hxpecta as to do all the fignrin' fur nothing, doeB he V •• Who are yoa. air ?" " Who are I ?" he repeated as he slanted his hat a little mora and spit over his shoulder. "I'm the party as carries this ward in his vest pocket, I am, and if old Bowse don't cam down liberally he gets lelt Tell him to come and see me." Nine timeB that forenoon £ answered the bell to find a ward-heeler or some other Bort of political parasite on the doorstep. One of them even went so far as to ask me to pledge Mr. Bowser to vote for him to run one of the City Hall eleratore. There were three others waiting for him when he got bome to dinner, and I saw him give them money. He came in excited and jubilant, and when I told him what had occurred he replied— " Let the dear people come! They know that I am the man to do all I can for them if I am elected, and elected I shall be as sure as tbe sun rises on the day. What do you think ? I was talking with a prominent man belonging to the opposition, and he said it wonld be no use for his party to pat ap a man against me. iktwser stoc£ is way up, he$!" For a week I lived in a state of miserable agitation. Every hour in the day a wardheeler rang the bell, and when he wasn't ringing, it was some man who wanted a sewer or other contract. Every evening the house was full of politicians laying plans and guzzling down my currant wine, and on three nights Mr. Bowser had to " go the rounds" of the ward and " see the boys." On the last night II had to help him upstairs, and the tears rolled down his cheeks as he whimpered :— "Shay, Mrs. Bowser, it just breaks my heart to shee how t>'r people love me. They cry f'r me, and—and I cry f'r zhem !" I his went on for a week, and then the caucus was held to nominate, Mr. Bowser said he would go through by acclamation, but as the boys would expect some sort of speech, not to say a keg of beer, afterwards, he would have to be on hand. Aa soon as nominated there would be no more heelers running after him, and a nomination meant election by a large majority. I didn't say much, but I felt pretty sure how it wonld come out. Along about 9 o'clock he came home. He waB running. He also breathed hard and looked white. " What on earth is the matter cow ?" I asked, as he banged into the hall, " G—gone!"' he gasped. " How gone?" ""Gone up." "Mr. Bowser, tell me what has happened. You act as if you had met a ghost and lost yonr senses.*' " I—I didn't get the nom—nomination!" he whispered, bis knees quakingBO that he had to sit down on a chair. " Why didn't yon?" " Because they concluded that Mr. Scott was the mure popular and the stronger man." " What! That cross-eyed loafer who was arrested only last week for whipping his wife ?" Y—yes." We looked at each other for a long time without tpeaking. Then I said— " I thought the dear people loved yoa, Mr. Bowser." " Yea." " Yoa were to be selected above all others and honours thrust upon yon." " Yes." " Your country called upon you to down the vicious opposition. Yon were tbe patriot who was ready to sacrifice himself." " Yes." " How much has this experience cost you " Four hundred." " Well, you have made a fool of yourself, and I hope it will be a lesson to you. You'd better go to bed." " I—I guess I will 1" At midnight he woke up, sat up in bed, and exclaimed:— "Look here, old lady, I hope you feel better, having accomplished (your villainous object?" " What do you mean ?" "I mean that you defeated me in the caucus! Everybody knowB you, and this opportunity for revenge conld not be passed over. Mrs. Bowser, you have gone a step too far." " Go to sleep." " Yes, I'll go to sleep, but don't imagine I shall forget or overlook your base duplicity. I have borne and borne, but this is the end!" Next morning, however, he made no reference to tbe matter, and as some of his party made him believe that he had been withdrawn in the interests of harmony, he came home one day to observe— " I hear that my name is being mentioned for Mayor, but I shan't take the nomination. I prefer to be a plain, humble citizen."— Detroit Free Press. 