' Colin Clout* at Home. An Ixteiiview with Mit. GnAirr Allen. In a littlo loafy nook nestling in tho groat Surrey World around whioh stand tho ovor lastinfj hills, just out of Dorking, I found ' Colin Clout' at homo. It was ono of thoso swcot autumn days ho oan desoribo so woll ; great shadows floated across tho hillside, and bands of sunlight woro strotohed across tho dark greon sward, and his own dainty little houso waB in dolightful contrast to all. Stoppiug into his study I found ray? elf in tho presence of a tall, delioato'-looking, olovor faced man who, thus greeted we: 'Woll, whero shall wo bogin our chat ?' I replied that his reoout nrtiolo in tho Fortnightly upon tho woman quostion would porhaps bo our best BtarHng-point, to which ho at onco no ended, and plunged in medias res with a rcas sortion of his published opinion that tho first duty of women was motherhood, and to this end ho ^ ould educate thorn. ' I would not dony womou tho privilogos of mon ; thoy should havo tho suffrugo ovon, if thoy wanted it, but thon a Bonsiblo woman would not want it. Fow women, ovon if th y had it, would oxeroiso it, for thoy would bo mainly influoncod by their husbands ; 'jo a great oxtcnt tho franchise would unfit thom for thoir main fund ion in lifo. Every woman ought to bo marriod- — in a woll-ordered oom munity an old maid ought to bo and to feel herself an anomaly.' * Now, Mr. Alien, how about your raothod of work ? ' Colin Clout,' for instanoo ; you must have boon n oloso student ofnaturoto write thoso delightful idylls?' — 'Woll, you soo, I havo always boon ho intorostcd in uaturo. I lived all my boyhood's dayB upon ono of tho Thousnnd Islands. Tho oountry puro nnd simplo was my onrliost momory — hat splendid Canadian country. I drow in natuvontovory broath; thon, as a schoolboy nt King Edward's sohool hi Birmingham — for, a democrat from ray birth, I had no lik ing for tbo moro ariatocratio schools — I waa mi earnest momber of tho sohool Local Nuturo History Club. I grow up a Darwinian, nover anything else but an ovolutionist ; look at this microsoopo,' and horo ho drow my at tention to n beautiful instrument upon which waa ii silver tablot tolling tho beholdor that it was tho gift to Grunt Alton of Charles Darwin und a fow friends. ' Darwin, whom I novormot in tho flosh, but who was ovor my great friend. And so you see I oamo to tho writing of ' Colin Clout.' It was mostly written in Dorsotshiro, and generally oaoh paper was ponnod aftor a walk. I would go out to a plnco or to a certain object, or somo partinular thing onught my oyo and fancy for tho moment. Having got my hint, baok I went to work. ' Yos,' continued Mr. AUon, ? my Dorset dialoot ia good ; my wife is ' Dorsetshire' horsclf, and knows it woll. I was nithor amused somo timo ago whon, placing my plot in Suffolk, I tried my hand at tho dialoot of that county. _ A young railway olork wrote and told mo, it was ' dreadful. I was amused at his lottor, and wrote and suggested ho should roviso it all before tho story camo out in book form, whioh ho did — admirably. Then in ' In all Shades,' my nogro dialoot thpro is (rood. By-tho-by, you know Tri nidad. Did yon detect that 1 had written really tf Jamaioa, where I lived for throe years, but plaond my dramatis jiesonw in Tri nidad P' ' Yes,' I ropliod, 'I was muoh puzzled, and besides tho dialoct thoro is nogro-Fronoh patois, not English.' 'Woll,' ho ropliod, 'I will go into that lotor. I thon tnoklcd Mr. Allen upon tho dialect question. ' Isn't it oyordono — tho Amorioons hardly writo anything olso, all - following in tho Rplondid wako loft behind him by Mark Twain, and notably in that olover ' Huok Finn' of his ?' — ' Perhaps ; but it is a hoalthy reaotion after tho stately periods of a bygono day. Wo must dopiot life as it is ; wo muat bo realistic Thoro is tho language of tho ealon and tho patois of tho peasant.' 'Novel- writing,' soid Mr. Allon, 'with mo was quite an ncoidon t. I wrote an artiolo onoo for Helgravia about a ghost : this I throw for oonvonionco aako into tho form of a story though it really waa soiontlflo. Ohatto printed, it and then wrote to ask mo for another story and after this I wont on writing Btories for him at hiB request, but I thought little of '?- them myself and signed thom ' J. Arbuthnot ,r Wilson. i^.|Tames Payn Baw ono callod ' Mr. VL Chung.' liked it, and asked mo to write for Cornhill, whioh I did. I wrote tho ' Kov. JohnCroody.' AhJ' I ropliod, 'that was very weird: was it truoP' — 'Yes, in the main; ablaokman really did marry a white woman and thon went baek to sayagory.' ?You. so truly dopiot in 'The Devil's Die' and 'In all Shades' ths awful prejudioe against colour, a prejudice tho depth and Btrength of whioh only we who havo been in tho West Indies oan really appreciate,' I re marked.; 'they cannot understand it in Eng land, but both your books aro so true ; but ar tho nogro stump orator hath it, ' we are ? digressing.' Mr Allen smilingly wont on : 'Well, I then took to writing abort storioB, then Payn advised mo to try novels, and I wrote 'Philistia.' I found, .thon that- I could livo on novols whilo I might staryo on soienco. A roviowor tho other day said f I . was not in earnest.' Now this was vory hard linos on mo. I never, write what I really, think about anything, for if I did I should . be put in prison, and tho population of these islands would fall upon mo and stone me till I died. At best, what I write, having re gard to the wolfaro of imy family, is a more toned-down fraotion of what I really, think - and fool. Not in earnest ? Why for years I O have boon trying hard aB a matter of business ' to imitate tho tono of tho pooplo from yhom I differ in ovory possible idea, religious, social, political, othical, pysohologioal, bio logical, philosphioal; and literary— and now, now, now I am jauntily informed, ' I am not in onrnost ' ! ! ' After whioh adoad silenco, which I at length timidly broke by. saying,. ' You havo studied medioino, havo you not, as v witness your doctors in ' Tho Devil's Dio ' P' ^ — ' Woll, yoB, all tcohnioalitics thoro are from a medical jurisprudence book; I goto Boioutifio and statiatical authority for ovory thiug. In my ' poisoning' stories I work from a priori and not from individual oases in a polioo-oourt. I am fairly corrootin my de tails, but I somotimes wilfully distort do tails.' 'And now -for my concluding questions. What are you doing n'ow P' nnd I pointed to his desk, upon whioh lay an open Siblo and somo of his tiny and exquisitely dainty oali graphy, a oaligraphy not altogether freo from tho olever oficotation of tho Oxford man, for ho was an Oxford man, and proudly ^ boasts that aB far baok as '08 ho was ono of . ?_; tho founders of tho 'Oxford Homo Eulo r Union.' — ' Oh ! that. I am ongaged now /' upon a series of artiolos doaling with tho \ . origins of religions. If I woro a Hibbort leoturer I would mako them Hibbort lec tures, but I muat publish thom as I oan ; thoy nro being dono for tho lovo. of it. I rogardit - -°»| nil from nn historical point of viow. Tho in terest to mo is this. Horo aro. a wide sot of human opinions-*how did man over comb to got them P All tho highor' forms of religion ovon now contain tracos of the oarlior stages. Tho human raco goes no far baok.1 Horo I intervoncd. ? Yos ; whore do you oradlo its infancy— in far Ohaldon or, as tho now theory has it, in North- wqst Europo, or do you hold tho ' glaoial-poriod-primuoval mnn ?' ' Oh,' wp.s the smiling roply, 'in. my opinion tho human raco goes as far baok as tho miooone poriod, so fnrbaok that our exis ting continents oan hardly havo assumed thoir . prosont shapos whon the man first appeared and as the whole world was thon tropical in' oliinate man may havo appeared anywhere' 'Your rate of work, Mr. Allon?'— ? Woll, roughly spoaking, two novols a year, many short stories, many magazino artiolos, and a fair amount of journalism. But as I havo said before, all my bont is botany and soienoo^ No, I would not advise any ono to 'go hi' ,(*j for litoraturo ; tho tendency is always to run ??'fl aftor a rising man, and ao, though education V goes on apace, too muoh apaco porhaps, and mugazines nnd papors inoroaso with know ledge, and though tho prizes will bo grcatcr nnd tho numbor of roadora far largor,yotl' do not think that the inarch of education is in favour of literary m«-n; thoy will want moro doctors,- moro lawyers, moro tailors but tho samo number of writers of books will always suffice Goodbye, I shan't soo you again for somo timo, aa I am off to botanize in Egypt. A Bhort timo ago it was Algeria, whioh resulted in ' Tho Tents of Shorn- mthn Graphic; thoro hangs ono of the original sketches' — and ho pointed to tho dainty walls, upon whioh wore' soveral dolightfully artistio, productions, notubly two nativo Japancso winter scones, beautiful as a droam. And so— ho to Egypt, I to Baby lon. 