?Mi??--ei^»--^^^^^ MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. j MELBOURNE. Jan. iMILXAS "HAMLET." Mr. Miln has appeared as "Hamlet" at the Opera House, and has achieved a great success in the part. The Argus we sat preliminary objection may be taken to the rendering, on the ground "that-it-is more robust and resolute, stronger in all and firmer of purpose, more resonant in speech and more energetic in action, more wnc, self-poised; and self-assertive than tlnTidcnl Prince., "It is Goctbo'a "One-tree," net planted, as he says, "we costly vase,' but! inn an idle cyanide. which is not " shivered to pieces " by the expansion of the roots. The simulated insanity is admirably portrayed, as often as Hamlet sees fit to put an antic disposition on, but nowhere does it, merge into that real and temporary derangement of which the Prince makes such apathetic and magnanimous confession to Lacrtrs when soliciting his pardon before the duel. Summing up, as it were, the same paper says that the points worthies of admiration in the actor's impersonation of Hamlet, were those Trio intense interest with which, he listens to Horatio's narrative of the supernatural visitation? the awe and reverential affection manifested during the Prince's interview with, his father a spirit, at the close of which he falls prone upon the earth, overwhelmed by the revelation, of his uncle's guilt; his sadly humorous colloquy with Polonius in the second net, with its gleams of saturnine merrimcnt-ureukiug-tiiroiigli hie smut lated insanity; tlieself-c'pniwiiniugcliar.icter of the soliloquy, " To be, or not' to be j" the veins of repressed tenderness which runs through the harshness of his language and conduct to ords Ophelia ; the whole of the play a scene, in which Mr. Mills dispenses with the use of the traditional i tun ; his bitterly sarcastic proof of the two couriers who are meeting a spies upon Hamlet and his language and ' demeanour in the closet scene, where the visible presence of the ghost is - discarded, ed that there appears to be the tlie'strorrjfcr, justification for the Queen's belief 'that the apparition is a " bodiless emotions" underlie very coinage of his brain, In fact MV.'MUn' achieved in this scene one of the triumphs' of the evening ; which may be said to have been accentuated by the farming of a lady in the stalls, overcome by the emotional" influences of the acting. > J li i i ii I am in , 2 Miss Isabel Morris who has been playing in Melbourne! for the last two years is to receive a benefit at the Opera House prior to her i departure i for America,"' Most of the leading members of the profession in Melbourne lia-, colleran their services for the benefit entertainment. Mr. G. IS. Mills and company awhile appear in his "debt I'froln Richard III.," Mr. BlaiiÜ-'-Holt1 and company in one i from "Taken from Life." Mis&Puttio; Browne (by consent of Messrs. Brough abd Boucicault) and Miss 'Ida' Osborne will also appear. Mr. William Elton and Mr. Walker Marnock will give the scene from "Pepita,'' in which they sing the; duet, "My 'Excellent Friend, Bombarded," by permission of Messrs. Wil liaiuson,lt.Garner, and Millgrove and Mr. Frank.) M. Clark mail Messrs, Slade, Murray, W. Whitburn, Marion and Bell, and the quartet of his company will also assist. of it I " Mr. Bland Holt militia company 'are playing in "The Ruling Passion at the Theatre Royal. > ' "The Yeomen of Ihe'Unartl," (afflicted Sullivan's i comic opera, produced at the' Princess Theatre at Easter is said to improve groatlyion'*aoquaintauee. a On first hearing it fails to meet with full appreciate lion,, as there is so much in the music and in parts of the dialogue, that is not immediately grasped, but it is sure to grow in public favour, and to be more fully enjoyed the oftener it is heard. "Betsy" is-tJCitrg~t)Inycil by If he ry St. Maur, and Brough and Boucicault's come Iiauy at the Hibernian Hull owing to their being burnt! out of the IJyou Theatre. , , Mr Dampier' gives Irish drama at the Alexandra Theatre Mr. George Rignold produced " tertiary Rye''atHer,Majesty's Theatre. Sydney, at Easier," with very elaborate stage effects, Aintmgst'otliclr things there is a donkey of very respectable appearance of uiid-íaneior'-i, alsop, with plenty of foul cockatoos, and parrots, and laughing jackasses ; a fine old diversion by mine, which has UicVccordpf: being the hero of a hundred light?;" a steam whistle in the ship Saratoga, which is realistic enough to compel the actors as well as the audience to put their lingers in their ears, and there is, moreover, real spray and rain, which, though falling but gingerly. on the first, night, was warranted off in future evenings to fall in good eaniésï.tq a real-wind ncccoinpummctit. ' at a , Mr.'A.'W. Kboro's ,'S«ectLnieiidqr"is being fair on nightly at Sydney Criterion to good business. with Frank Thornton as the leading man , ¡ Cogill Brothers minstrel and burlesque compiitiyarc at the Gaiety Theatre, Sydney. Sims and, satellites new play. "Silver Falls," has been staged at Adelaide Theatre Royal with Mr. Buikluw and Miss Clara Cooper in flic leading parts. The. Adelaide Musical Association gave Sullivan's "Golden Legend" on Good Friday night. Charles Winner has commenced his Brisbane season. i James McMahon is now in Molhoiirnty but goes to Brisbane next week to prepares for the billions. ¡sig-Agr.iti has been in Brisbane some days on the engineer business bent, , 