The Storyteller. The Haunted Hut. A TALE OF THE MARANOA — FOUNDED ON FACT. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] "Did you ever see a ghost, Mr. A——?" BY M. This question was put to me during one gloomy July evening as we all sat round a cosy Brisbane fireside whence our wits had wandered with gnomes, fairies, and dead men's spirits; and weird recitals from Old England's ghostly lore moved the more youthful imagina- tions amongst our coterie to heights of fearful interest. "Hum!—yes; I may say that I have seen a ghost, for I am decidedly unable to account for an appearance which visited me some years ago; but come with me from the distant spook- lands now dancing through your brains to the lonely drought-stricken forests of Southern Queensland and I'll narrate my tale of an occurrence which happened to myself, and its sequel. I must remark that it was only after an interval of years that the affair was brought vividly to my recollection, and that was only by hearing of the similar experiences of other people on the same ground. "In 1874 I was journeying from Dalby, then the terminus of the Southern and Western Railway, to inspect a cattle station in the Warrego district on behalf of a Melbourne company who proposed large stock purchases in this colony. Of course I was well fitted up for the trip. I had a serviceable waggonette and four strong good sorts of common horse- flesh, a boy of sixteen named George, who was engaged to assist me as I required him, and tent, blankets, and complete camp neces- saries. Stations were few along our proposed route, and in many places we should have to carry both food and water. "We were travelling over wide soft sandy ridges, for the most part heavily timbered with tall straight pine saplings and with larger trees as gum, coolibah, and native willow or "yowa." The bendee or mulga, both high trees and low scrub, flourished on each side and touched branches above our road over wide stretches of country where the hard red earth was pebbled with small broken ironstones and lava-scorched gravel. Prickly and straggling bushes, stunted and ill-formed, here and there through these forests bound us to the stump-marked dray- track, and our eyes were weary with the monotony of colour — gray-green with a shadow of brown — broken at intervals by the dwarfed seedy grasses, parched and whitened with the sun's heat, and by the tortuous strip of gray or red road line. "Summer was waning — it was in February or March, if I remember correctly — but the sun had still a power that reminded me of the lines (I can't name tha writer): — Slowly we ride; sultry noontide Languors our bodies and deadens our sense ; Whilst giddy haze strengthens the blaze Of sunlight, and renders the heat more intense. High forest trees welcome no breeze With rustling green branches murmuring low ; Fading brown leaves the parched earth receives Falling straight downward — no sound as they go. "Coming suddenly out of the scrub solitudes we were on a clear sandridge dotted with ancient stumps from which the trees had evi- dently been felled for the erection of an old brush-fenced yard which stood on the summit of the sand, now capable only of containing the strong-stemmed crop of dried-up Bathurst burr, which might be taken as a proclamation of the ovine character of former occupants. A broken sheep hurdle, disjoined and neglected, leaned beside the opening which had once done duty as a counting- gate, and a wild cucumber climber trailed its long dead arms and leafless stalks betwixt the interstices of hurdle and brush. "Just below the sandridge we could see the sheen of water where three huge river gums spread their quiet shadows over green grass and feathery rushes ; whilst, beyond, the influence of a watered creek might be traced throughout a narrow black-soil flat where our horses could graze a comfortable dinner amonget saplings, which sprang from parent roots of trees long since oonverted to human use. Between the yards and the water stood an old forsaken shep- herd's hut, with its wall plates and rafters bent and broken by the effect of climate and of time ; with its posts awry, and slabs — once storm and sun proof — now scarcely hiding the dead heaps of roleypoley huddled round the ash hill amidst weeds and dry grass, on the sand behind them. A hut gray-green with age, drooping to decay and nothingness, but still partly covered in above the stronger rafters with coarse-flaked sheets of brown dead bark; here still lying evenly sheet over sheet, and there stretching in long rotten withes through gaping rents and chasms to the floor beneath. The topmost end of one long pine 'rider' — you, of course, know these are logs placed horizontally across the bark to hold it down in heavy weather — bridged a space from rafters to tha ground amidst wreckage of rotten pine and bark strips, and creeping cucumber, on to which it had crashed through the low veranda roof and served, at the moment of our first observation, as the retreat of a grave and gaunt iguana, arrested probably in his wanderings by the sound of our approaching wheels. Trailing his long body there, with snout upraised, silent and motion- less but for the darting forth of his long pitch- forked tongue and the brilliant glitter of his watchful eyes — the creature might be accepted as an unearthly guardian of this eerie ground. "We stopped to spell our tired horses down beside the water, which was deep and clear, beneath the cool shade of the trees ; and were speedily engaged in unharnessing them from our trap and in hobbling them out near the sweetest grass. The hut stood about fifty yards away, higher up towards our left, facing the water, with its doorless void of darkness, and its dangling wooden shutter hanging cornerwise across a smaller dusky hole, looking uninvitingly melancholy and forlorn — a sorry welcome to the storm- harassed traveller. Whilst busy with our pre- parations for a camp I was surprised rather to see a man standing in front of the veranda — a traveller I supposed like ourselves — a tall man, dark- featured, and wearing — most unusual sight in the bush—a tall 'belltopper' hat and dark clothes. Some repairing of harness dis- tracted my attention just then, but happening to look up again shortly afterwards I saw him proceeding through the veranda into the hut. His peculiar motion impressed my mind at the time, although it was occupied with something else. Not that any ghostly conjectures dis- turbed me. I had a full belief that a man was there, but he, it appeared to me, did actually walk through the low veranda roof without stooping his head, although I am convinced that any youth of sixteen, of average height, would have to bend even without a long hat on if passing in. I, however, simply thought that the dazzling sunlight had affected my eyesight at the moment, as often happens in sandy country during summer time, and so dismissed the matter from my thoughts ; only remarking to Georgia, who had not noticed the stranger, that the man was rather unsociably inclined, or he would have comedown to have a yarn. "In those days it was a recognised matter of common courtesy amongst bushmen that a stranger passing a camp on the roadside should come up to the occupants and 'pass the time o' day' at least, or share their beef and damper, and exchange news of the oountryside gener- ally. Such stray meetings an greatly welcomed by solitary wanderers through the Australian great lone land, though this hail-fellow-well- met spirit is by no means acknowledged when the plains and forests of the pioneers are more thickly populated, when the wilderness has been reclaimed to the prosperity of human kind. For populous civilisation with warm-hearted fellowship and trust never, as an axiom, goes hand in hand. Prosperity as a rule puts no faith in man, and but a very little in God. "However, I am wandering. I put the billy on to boil at the fire, and walked over to the hut, telling the boy that I would ascertain our prospectsof grass and water ahead for the horses, if the traveller had come from that way. Broken bark, creepers, and rubbish lay deep over the floor of the ruin when I looked in. The old fireplace of slabs, banked up at the sides with cracked and fungus-covered antbed, was so broken in that no fire oould be made there without burning the place down. None had been held there for months — aye, years. "My sense of repugnance to crawling things was startled by two shiny little lizards, upon whom I almost trod in the doorway. No swag was in the room, not the least trace of any one having passed through the place oould be seen by my experienced eyes. Neither there nor on the threshold of an inner room beyond, which opened from the first. At this doorway I hesi- tated slightly, with an uncanny thrill at my heart, like one may feel when surprised by un- expected circumstances. Going in boldly, how- ever, I found an old rough bedstead — a sheet of bark supported by saplings laid upon forked sticks — a battered table of deal boards with one leg deeply gnawed, evidently by wallabies or opossums, where the stains of grease had lain ; and some rags of cast-off clothing, most of which had long long ago mildewed and rotted into shapelessness and dust. Cobwebs, too, of varying mesh and strengths. An ill- looking mangey opossum bleared down on me from the wallplate under the roof, with slothful mistrust blinking from his dazzled eyes, and slowly crept to darker shelter. I walked out round the hut on to the ridge, but no late traces of man were to be seen or heard. Returning to the camp fire, our midday meal and a rest dispelled any further theughts of our visitor. Indeed, George being always a somnolent youth, we both were overcome with the drowsy heat and the dull quiet of the day, and slept so long that our horses had wandered out of hearing when I woke. We found them away down the creek side, sleepily lingering beneath the shadows of the ti-trees ; and as the sun was getting low, and I had been told that the nearest water on our road was twelve miles distant, I decided to stay where we were camped till morning, and to make a forced journey of some fifty miles next day. The evening was bright and clear, and the new moon sank slowly through a glorious starlight to the horizon, as I turned over from the fire and slept upon my blankets. Our horses were quiet old stagers, not given as a rule to unnecessary exertions; so that we awoke with astonishment to hear a terrified rush, with the clinking of hobble chains and loud clatter of their bells, as they jumped madly across the gullies and through the thick mulga away from the watercourse. We were up and after them immediately, and had great difficulty in stopping them after running nearly a mile from the camp. When brought back quietly they seemed still panic- stricken, and snorted and stared wildly about them in the direction of the sheepyards, as if fearful of again encoun- tering the same object ; so we tied them up to the waggonette, and slept soundly on till sun- rise without other interruption. "Thus far my story has not affirmed any supernatural existence, nor did I remember much of these incidents until a span of three years had passed away, when my curosity first, and then perhaps my belief in the marvellous, was fully excited by a chance meeting, and con- firmed by the experience of many other unpre- judiced persons. "My occupations had led me over a large portion of our continent, and mere chanoe brought me to eeek the hospitality of Mr. and Mrs. S——, one evening at their house on the Maranoa River, about ten miles distant from the 'C.' hut creek junction, as it was called ; the place where Georgie and I had such a run after our horses some three years before, and which I have just described. Heavy rains had fallen throughout the district, and the creek waters were slowly subsiding between their slippery mud-coated banks. It was exhausting work for my horses, straining slowly all day through stodgy road mud, and I knew that a couple of days of such labour would knock them up alto- ther. I gladly accepted Mr. S's kindly invi- tation therefore, and gave my horses a day's spell in the home- paddock. "The morning after my arrival I met a man. A ——, who, I found, had just arrived and was passing with his team, bound we westwards. This was fortunate, as he was in a position to reciprocate information with me concerning the state of the roads along our opposite routes, and I could trust his report, having known him well in the Gulf country as a plain trustworthy tradesman of undoubted integrity. He had been weather-bound he told me for a week in one place and several days elsewhere, but I should not have much trouble now along the road, for the creeks were all falling rapidly. I observed that he seemed thoughtful and worried in ap- pearance — probably by family or business mat- ters — but our chat became general and for a time he was cheerful and communicative, as I remembered him when he was general black- smith and postmaster of a small township in the North. " 'You'll be able to cross at the junction near that old hut, sir,' he continued. 'Mind you keep well down the creek when you get into the water. There's a log in the bed of the old cross- ing. That small creek was up last evening, so I was stuck there all night. By jove! I'dthe biggest fright last night there that I've ever had in my life I believe.' " 'How was that ?' I asked. 'Did you get snagged on the log ?' " 'No, sir,' and lowering his voice to a loud whisper, A—— astonished me by asking the same question as started me with this yarn: 'Did you ever see a ghost, Mr. A. ?' "No. Why?' I returned, with a faint re- collection of the melancholy feelings I had ex- perienced at the same camp, and of the appear- ance and disappearance at the old hut, dawning on my mind. " ' Well, it was this way, sir.' A—— assumed an air of mystery, and producing his knifeo and pipe began cutting up tobacco in a desultory manner. 'I got through the bendee forest yesterday after some awful bogging. The road was well nigh impassable, and the team were completely done when I got them down in front of that old hut on the ridge ; so I turned them out for the night, and had a look in the hut to see if there was a dry corner anywhere in which I could sleep. The rain poured down and all my things were wet through. I managed to get a fire lit on the floor, and spread my blankets down in the only dry corner, where there was just room enough to turn in between the old fireplace and a door whioh opened into a skillion-room behind. I am not much of a hand at a camp by myself in a lonesome deserted hut at any time — it always makes me feel a bit wakeful, and especially so if there are beetles and lizards about with their scratching and crawling noises, like they sometimes are in damp weather. So before I turned in I made up a good bright fire, and put some wood handy, so that I shouldn't have to go out in the wet for more during the night. The rain continued, and about midnight the thunder roared and lightning flashed with increased intensity and vividness, but, as the storm cleared off and passed southwards, down the river, I again slept soundly. It was nearly daylight when I awoke with a heart throbbing and sickness as though I had been roused up suddenly by some one. Starting up, I sat on my blanket and looked through the gloomy twilight and the glimmering flicker of the fire to meet the gaze of a man who was standing in the middle of the room and looking at me. It was not a dream, I'll swear. He wore a brown coat and trousers, and had on a long black hat like those some people in the towns wear. He was a man of thirty-five or forty years of age I should say,' continued A—— 'with a pale face and brown pointed beard, and his hands looked as if un- accustomed to hard work, I thought. I was a bit scared by his presence, but I said, "Halloo! mate, you gave me a bit of a start. What are you after here at this time of night?" No answer; but as I looked at him straight in the face thinking that he was up to no good he gradually disappeared. He didn't move in the very least but seemed to dissolve gradually into the air — so transparent at first that I could see my quart pot and the shutter-sill on which it was standing through his body. It vanished, whilst I, bewildered by the mystery, got up and peered out through the door into the breaking dawn — first brightening up the fire blaze for company's sake — but could see no signs of any person being about. It does make a man feel queer to have a nightmare or sudden start when he's camped by himself in a rotten hut, wet, lonely, and depressed in mind. So I lit my pipe and sat by the fire for a while, and tried to persuade myself that I had been simply troubled with a bad dream. I must have become very heavy with sleep and have dozed off again as I leant against the wall, with my pipe in my mouth : for I suddenly started to my feet, falling over the firewood I had gathered when I did so. And my fear and horror were confirmed, for there again was the figure I had seen, not motionless this time, but walking gravely across the floor, where the feet caused no sound amongst the rubbish not even breaking a stick as they passed. Perfectly distinct to my startled eyes — tall and well proportioned — he moved beside me and was passing in through the doorway of the inner room. I stretched out my hands and grasped wildly, but he kept on silently and disappeared, un- heeding my frantio gestures — I clutched the empty air! The daylight had sufficient strength to show minute objects in the place, and I noticed even in my terror that one of the buttons on his coat- tails was missing, and a remarkable round hole showed through the coat over the shoulder-blade, presenting no inner surface but appearing to penetrate the form itself. It was gone from my sight before I had recovered my reason, and I took up a firestick, determined to search out the cause of this mystery. Into the back room I went cautiously that I might give as little opportunity as possible for any sudden attack; for, even then, I tried to convince myself that the form must be that of some lunatic or madman whose quarters I had taken possession of. I could not, and did not try to, account for the remarkable absence of signs or sound of his passage. No one was to be found in the room — no, nor under the old bark bed — nor behind the door. I looked up inside, and upon the roof, and out by the old yard for tracks, but none were visible except my own. Returning with nervous haste I took my blankets; and even approached them care- fully for fear of a hidden enemy ; carried my swag to the waggon as it was, and started after the horses, which were fortunately close to the camp on a sandridge, away from the muddy flats. The river waters had fallen a lot too, so I made a shift at once without stopping for my breakfast. Indeed my nervousness was so great that I would have come on here in any case, if I had not found the team easily, without them, and left waggon and all. Now, sir, I'm not much given to a belief in ghost yarns, but if I didn't see one yesterday, may I be —— I'm mad ; that's all.' "Poor A——'s hands were excitably employed cutting tobacco, filling his pipe, and waving about in unison with the nervous tenour of his feelings during the process of this narrative ; and his voice — now low and eager, again raised to a strained and higher key — plainly indicated his new-born sincere belief in the unearthly character of his nocturnal visitor. Indeed his state of mind was such that I refrained from recounting my own experiences at the C creek hut, though they at once flashed to my memory in vivid detail and with all the intensity of a new adventure. "A—— proceeded on his journey that day, leaving me deeply interested with my 'un- canny' thoughts and his tale — indeed Mrs. S—— my bright hostess — observed my absence of mind and rallied me not a little until I ventured to tell my own story, and also re- peated A——'s experience. My considerate listeners, however — instead of teasing me for my superstitions — amazed me by still more fully confirming my beliefs. " 'Ten years ago,' said Mr. S——, 'a married couple occupied that hut, having charge of a flock of ewes there — and good shepherds they were. But "Old Ben" was a "lag," and I believe the wife was little better. Their appearance was decidedly against them, and Ben's hangdog "down" look was remarked by nearly every one with whom he came in contact. I was then, as now, the managing partner of this run, and had frequently to visit the C creek yards for the purpose of inspecting the ewes there. Swagmen and others passed frequently, for the western road from Dalby lay before the hut door. I was astonished one day to meet Ben, the shepherd, feeding his sheep towards the head-station here, whither he was coming, he said curtly, "to give up the 'monkeys' " (sheep). Mrs. Ben had been "taken real bad and wanted the doctor," he said. "She was nigh gone last night." He stated his case so forcibly and looked so earnest that I allowed the usual week's warning to be dis- pensed with. A man who styled himself a shepherd had asked me for work that morning, so I engaged him and shifted Ben's ewes from their former yards to others immediately. Ben said, when paid off, that he and the wife were bound for Dalby; but the station men have told me that they saw the tracks of three horses, which were evidently ridden — two track-marks of whioh were identical with the tracks of a mare and big colt belonging to old Ben — bearing away, through the scrobs of the back-country towards the northward. However, we never saw or heard of the couple any more. From that time forward many people have been alarmed by the dark apparition of the old hut. And, strange to say, shortly after my first, and last, meeting with the mystery, similar in description to the story told to you by A——, I read, in the "Missing Column" of the Queenslander, an ad- vertisement wherein just such a man was sought after. I was so struck with, and interested by, the resemblance of the newspaper's descrip- tion to the appearance at Ben's hut that I wrote to the advertiser and to the police, and instituted a private search about the hut. Of course the last was the only probable way to any discovery; and a discovery I made, sure enough. At the bottom of an old hollow stump in the sheepyard we found the skeleton of a man, evidently a tall man, and a white. It was draped in mouldering black clothing, such as might have agreed with the appearance of the man at the hut. The crown and rim of an ancient black :billycock" hat were accidentally found in some scrub near the sandridge, and, further, parts of what hed been a knapsack or peddler's case were picked up in obscure places in the neighbourhood. The missing man advertised for was a jeweller travelling on foot through the country — more properly perhaps a peddling hawker — and I surmised that, having camped at or near old Ben's place, he had been murdered by the couple for the sake of his valuables, and that they had dispersed the more useless parts of his furniture, and thrown his body into the hollow stump so that their discovery might not lead to the incrimination of Convict Ben. I am convinced, however, that the shepherd and his wife were murderers. Since these discoveries, and owing to the certainty of meeting the dark-clothed and tall- hatted visitor, not one of the old residents of this district will venture to camp near, ay, or unnecessarily to approach, the dreary scene of hia ghostly haunts, which is nowadays desig- nated far and wide as the Sandridge of the Haunted Hut.' " 