' PRINCESS AND SPY, ] by order of the czar. 1 BY JAMES S. BOBLASE. CHAPTER XII. A ClOODlTUfcN THAT DID XOT DKSEBVE ANOTHER. When the Police Minister had taken bis -departure the Princess almost wholly broke down. | 'When that man has done with me lie j will kiU me,' she moaned to herself. * Can the Czar know half his villainy P j Never, never. The Emperor is a humane and merciful man. Though he has been | so short a time upon the throne all his | would even free the poor serfs if he dared, but be is surrounded by the creatures of his stem father, Nicholas, and be sees with tbeir eyes and hears with their ears. I wonder would the Emperor stand my friend were I to be tray to him all the rascality of his Police Minister! Nothing but the deadliest peril should drive me to such hazardous action — nothing but fear of tbe knout or of Siberia. And, besides, I must first get the Prince in my power, for at present it is I who am in his. My word against bis word and I should go to the wall. Oh, God ! It would be to the whipping poBt, and to Siberia afterwards. The Empress, too, is my enemy. She said that if I appeared at another Court ball dressed aa I was at the last I should be turned out of the palace and never enter it more. As if God would bave made us so beautiful if it had been intended that we should bide our most glowing charms. ?Why don't they cover all the flowers in a conservatory, showing only tba leaves? It would be no greater insult to the handiwork of tbe Creator — nay, to my mind, not so great a one. Oh ! I would almost sell my soul to pet Prince Gol goroukis into my power ! The beautiful Princess had arrived at this point in her thoughts rather than of her utterances, when one of the many doors of the room was violently thrown opeu, and in rubbed a young girl with streaming hair and flushed and excited face, who, although she was dressed in the picturesque costume of a Bussian titled lady's persona) attendant or wait ing-maid, the Princess immediately recog nised to be the shipbuilder's daughter. The fair girl on perceiving that the room she baa entered was occupied was about io beat a hasty and precipitate re treat, when the Princess said to her kindly — ? You seem to be in terror, but why should you fear me P' ' Oh, I do not. I do not fear you. now that I look upon your sweet face and hear your kind words. Can you befriend me without incurring any risk yourself?' 'Tell me bow you wish to be assisted, and I will answer you candidly.' ?Can you help me to escaj-e from this dreadful bouse, and restore me 10 my dear father's? anus 'r Oh, if you but can and will, I will bless you lor ever more.' 4 1 might be able to connive at your escape to my own palace; but. if you attempted to quit it, or hold any com munication with your parent until I told you it was safe to do so, you would in volve mc in considerable peril.' 'Oh, I would rather die than injure /irtp who lied holned me to osrane from out this terrible pLaee. I will do exactly as you bid me, dear lady ; but, oh, do not let your gentle heart Lead you into un known dangers! Bather will I pursue my flight, guided by blind chance, as it Las been hitherto.' 4 Chance will never get you outside the palace of the Minister of i^lice, ' said the Princess, almost smiling in spite of her self at the simplicity of thfl young girl's remark. ' But I think that X can do it, and rather help myself out of danga? than plunge myself deeper into it by the act. No! a moment is to be lost. Don tin* bonnet And mask (taking uj» those that lay on -iij? sofa), now this long jacket. No: on eecond thoughts you shall hare one of my own, for J hare two on. That's it. Now, own and enter in at that door ; pursue tue passage until you come lo another door, which will yield to your pressure, for 1 did not lock it after me a« I t'ame through. You will then be out of the Police Minister's palace and in the Orphan and Foundling Asylum. Be leisurely and collected in &U; your movements then, or you may ex ?i-ite suspicion. Follow other*, and you will soon reach the portico. Walk slowly forth into the street, and do not ask the way to the Priceess Olga's palace until you have cro«*ed Nevskoi.and passed the Cathedral of St. Isaar on your left. You speak French 'f Go^d ! So does my new maid Lota. Ask for her srheu you reach my palace, and veil her thai you are a compatriot and a milliner, and that I ordered you to wait my arrival in my dressing-room. Can you remember all that ?' ' Oh yes, every word of it. I will not taaVfc' a single mistake. On your return you mti£t try and tell me how I can show my gratitude by deeds as well as words, for the latter must utterly fail to expreu my feelings.' ' Very well, I will afford you many an opportunity for the eiercisc of both, but now go, for the gravest perils may hang on an instant's delay, You must not turn out of your road to visit your father's, remember that above all thing*. Were you so tempted you would as suredly fall again into l lie snare, and en sure your destruction along with my own. ? The thought of the latter possibility would alone restrain dip. Farewell And the door bad closed behind Ada Bayard'ti receding form whilst the softly whispered word of adieu .still trembled on her rosebud lips. Directly she had gone the Princess Olfc'a sank upon the crimson velvet ^ouch in an assumed swoon. ' The Prince said more than enough to me to a woman with nerves of eteel faint away. Thank heaven, I believe I am pale as a ear pf? with terror, and that will make my condition seem all the more natural. I have just gambled for a great stake, but I believe that, it will save : rather than destroy ms. I must play my remaining cards with cnuuwi, bow. ever, for I have an Argus-eyed £&d; 1 hundred-armed antagonist.' j This was the current of her thouehts J as she lay limp and prone on the sofa. She was too sharp-witted to assume J cay grace of attitude. She even suffered I her bead to hang most uncomfortably i down over the edge thereof, and an over- i turned ekair seemed to testify how 6he j bad reeled across the room ere she fell i senseless at last. The Princess Olga I «bould have been an actress. j She bad lain in tbe painful and con- ; strained position that we bave just de scribed only a couple of minutes when the Police Minister again entered the apgrtment, with a most portentous frown ?npofc his brow. I He iwok in the position of matters at a glauce, a&4 a sneer curled bis lips. | He? stalked across the room until he ; came alongside tbe couch, and there fold ing bis arms, be for a few instants con template! the prostrate ^ojnan. Tnen be turned round at*4 look up a long* sharp-pointed bodkin ofl'tliti^bie. He ehuekled grimly as he punctiyed a little hole in his -thumb and watched a I globule of blood balance itaelf, as it were, Miereou and gradually grow Ugger. The chuckle caused the Prieapss to raise her white eyelids tbe millionth pert of an. inch and take a sureeptitious gianqe through her long fringed ashei. What she saw by no means * eassured ber, though she could not make it out She was destined not to aemain for long on ignorance, however. The Prince bending over her, gently undid «tbe fastenings of her long sealskin and sable and laid back the flaps im. either side. This proceeding revealed her plump 1 and well-rounded oust, to all appearances 1 almost bursting asunder a tightly-fitting I velvet bodice. I The Police Minister began to move the point of the stiletto or bodkin lightly over it, as though uncertain wheroe bouts be should thrust it ir How could the terrified girl restrain her chest from begining to heave tumul tuously when lying there in anticipation of keen torture P Presently she felt tbe point of the fitiletto penetrating her dress, and nature could rest-rain itself no longer. She screamed aloud. 4 See. it is bloodless!' said the Prinoe immediately holding the potntof the little instrument up before her now wide- open eyes. 4 Your fears alone cried out, and a woman in a swoon has no fears because she is unconscious. Now, got up and tell me tor wnat reason you tneu w- piuj ou this fool's trick upon mo P' 4 Perhaps out of more curiosity, to dis cover whether you had a single spark of man's chivalry and poetry in your nature,' replied the beautiful Princess, bursting into a flood of teArs, for her terror had by now increased tenfold. She knew that the discovery of her swoon being a sham one would make it appear far more probable to the astute Police Minister that she bad helped Ada Bayard to escape, than if she had received him on his return to tbe saloon seated calmly in a chair. Her hope bad been that when Ada's escape was discovered, and perhaps with it the probability that she had passed through that very apartment, she would have been able to adduce the fact of her swoon as the cause why she had not 6een her enter or go out. She felt that she was now standing on the very brink of an awful precipice, with the ground giving way under her feet. ♦She had contemplated by a bold and daring stroke getting the upper hand of her grim employer, and now she felt almost checkmated instead, foolmated ' Well/ said the Prince, 'do I now seem to you very like a man Y ? No, marc like a demon than ever/ laughed the Priucess in very recklessuess, ' And 1 have only to add that 1 await your demonship's orders.' ' You must first receive my demonship's advice. Never try lo deceive me afiiiin, even in trifles, or you wiU dearly rue it. Secondly, do not repeat the folly of this morning. 1 allude to the private business that you endeavored to transact at the railway terminu^ You are entrusted with your exceptional powers for the public weal, not for your private gratifi cations. Another such, false step and you are dismissed the service as an unprofit able servant, and we do not pension such ; we provide them with a sphere of employ to which their capabilities are better fitted * I will remember all that you say ; in deed 1 will. I will never ofleud again. No, no, never! And now, dear Prince, your order* P ' You shall reoeive them to-night at your own palace. I will do myself the honor of paying you an evening visit. Not on affairs of gallantry, but on those of State. Why does your Highness turn so pale P' ' This has been a somewhat trying in terview. Am J at liberty to depart P My self, my poor palace, and everything that is therein arc completely at your High ness's disposal. Have you any further commands / 'Yes. You understand English? GoodI Take yourself ofl'homo, then, and when there, open a Shakspeare, and read ' The Taming of the Shrew.' It will convey to you a good and useful lesson, and further more, amuse you till I conje. No braid ing of the hair or potting on cf apparel for my sake, mind, for it will be only so much time thrown away,' and the Prince irouwally bowed his visitor out of tbe room. CHAPTER XIII JtrNNlNO IKK tfirXTLKT Of ViKY rEtllLH, Ada Bayard, masked and wrapped, fol lowed implicitly the directions that the Princess Olga had her, and soon found herself free in the streets of the capital, and threading them, to her jov, without attracting observation, quilted masks being no uncommon face-covering in Russia in the middle of winter. i Their utility was indeed soon revealed to h^r in a very practical and yet ludic rous manner, for presently she beheld a helructed. grey grpateoated soldier pick up a handful of sncv yjjd. rushing up to a bare-faced peasant womuu (we employ the adjective in its literal sense), begin Lo rub her blue nose therewith with all his might. 4 da was inclined to regard this act at first afccije of wanton cruelty, but sud denly she feaecjbered having once read that this was a kind of delicate attcntiou paid by Hussians to each other whenever a nose or ears were observed to be freez ing-j-sn attention that, bestowed in time, saved the positive loss of those useful and occasionally ornamental features. Ada had jijst re&cb;^d {.he imnjense Ner«'in»ki Stras6e, in the centre of which, from an enormous block, almost hill, of granite rises the equestrian statue of Peter the Great, the horse trampling underfoot a serpent, which is Kuppowed to be typical of the barbarism that that tnonarch raised the Empire out of (though for the sake of j^?cunicy lie should hare been represented as gilding the scaly monster, not destroying it), wlicn she bad to btay her footsteps to allow a sleigh to 1 pass uer. In it was seated a tall, dignified man, wearing a brazen helmet and swathed in costly furs, who seemed to regard hor in tentlv as be sped by. Ada did not notice that he appeared to carry a stream of life and bustle with him, or that many people fell on their knees and bowed their brows to the very snow as be passed them by ; and she was about lo copUn^ on ber course when she felt herself tapped On the shoulder and brought to a standstill. She looked round, and heboid ^ man in the dress of au ordinary policeman (the executive, not the secret), who frowning ominously, said something to her in Bussian in stern and angrv accents. J£ven in her terror Ada could hardly helf smiling as the thought occurred to her how kik? he was, ia his fiat glazed cap and long ulstcr-t^tjed grey greatcoat, reaching to his very be^«£, to the wooden representations of Xoah, or either of his three sope, to be found in the orthodox toy ark. As she could &ot; un^erftand a word that he said, she intimated as much to him in French, which she thought Vould be a safer language than English. In the same tongue he immediately re joined, ' Who arc you that allows our father the Emperor to pass you by with out an obeisance P1 ' I was not aware that it was the Em peror,' answered Ada. ' I have just come from France. I am employed at a milli ner s chop in tbe Nevskoi. I have been ; out on uc&igepp; errands, and I am 60 nearly frozen that i frfdly know what I am about. Ob, pLease ibr^ye me this time.' 4 Ignorance is not a crime ; yon. 2»xy go in peace/ was the response In aa good French as her own, and the band was lifted from her shoulder at once. 4 How fcr^onate that he did not ask me to show my face or question me more particularly as to wW# J was employed, ijf u hither I was going/ thought Ada to hersolf, as she hurried along still direct towards tbe goal. The reader may also wonder why tbe Russian policeman was so obtuse ; why, at the very lepst, he did not make ber | (lift her mask and reveal her face. ' JJe .did not do 6o for the simple reason that there W4£ no need. knew b#r ystae. 2jle hpd listened to it for too long a time a couple of nights previously, with his ear against a JifcfcJe hole in the partition between two opera boxes, to have forgotten It already. It waa, 'in short, Ivan EoylofT, the secret Nihilist and open pohce agent, who had accosted her, and he did not put to her any superfluous questions because be considered it a better plan to have her followed at a distance, aud learn all about e her destination in that manner. The ways of the Bussian police are as , crooked and dark as those of the heathen 1 Chinee, but at tbe same time very much more to the point. When they strike it is with a weapon that the victim does not see as it flashes through the air. They well know tbe fact that to be forewarned is to be forearmed. Ivan Keyloff did not even follow the suspect himself. She might look back, and, judging his intention, make efforts to baffle it. He called over to him a seeming Moojick, but in reality a member of the same profession as himself, pointed out to him Ada's now far-off form, and bade him watch ber to her destination, and bring him bis report without loss of time. 4 Another pocketful of gold from Prince Golgoroukis. I never thought a fly could get out of that spider's web. No nor could it without some extraordinary help from within. Had I arrested her then and there tbe secret ally wonld never hare been discovered perhaps, and the Prince would most likely have called me a fool for my pains. Ha, ha, ha ! Ivan fieyloff is no fool, or he would not be able so skillfully to serve two masters — masters of such different tempera ments, too, as the Police Minister and the Chiefs of the Nihilists. Well, I take pay from both, and I hoodwink one. X trust to heaven though, that I shall never again draw the blood-red card that de crees me to be the assassin of the Em peror. It is too risky a game for my taste, and I might not always be able to shift the crime to other shoulders, as I did the night before last; and thus reflecting, the double- dyed traitor walked away.. Whether the villain succeeded for long in serving two masters, or whether he fell between tbe proverbial two stools, tbe reader will learn as he get* further on wili our narrative. We must now hurry after our daring English girl. She looked round twice or thrice, as was but natural ; but seeing no policeman in uniform upon her traok, she oamc to the very natural conclusion that it was all right, and continued her flight with her little heart beating far less painfully with in its snowy casket. Once only did she pause with indecision; it was opposite the palace of the British Embassy. Two English servant-men, in genuine English liveries, were standing talking on the doorsteps, anp their homely speech and fresh, honest faces struck a sym pethetic chord in her nature. For a moment it occurred to her why not rush in at the open doors and claim the protection of the n~-ble Lord who so well upheld the Toterests .md honor of Eng land in that capital of polished infamy and corruption P She knew that it would be extended ? to licr ; she knew that that roof, indeed, | covered one who would shed his last drop ; of life's blood to defend her from harm. , But while she yet hesitated she remem* j bered her promise to her whom ahe re* j regarded as her generous rescuer, and ' loyalty and gratitude forced her on. I Poor girl, had she been able to see into the future she would have rushed be- I neath the protection of the British flag with the ferrful and panic-stricken hurry with which anyone tears out of a burning theatre, but she looked upon the Princess Olga as ber guardian instead of destroy- / ing angel ; and with a sigh and one long ing upward glance at the long row of | frost-starred windows she glided on, and I niijuired her way towards the Olga j But she had not passed by tbe | British Embassy unnoticed. I A yonag gentleman, seated at one of I the doable casemented windows, in a great arm-chair propped up with pillows, 1 saw hpr momentary pause and upward glapce, and these attracting his qttentjoq, I lie watched her walk away, seemed to re member ber graceful gliding gait, so difl'erent to the mincing steps of tbe majority of Bussian laides, and said to his servant, who was attending him — ?John, clap on your coat and follow ! that lady, and be sure when you come back that you are able to tell me where she lives.' ? Y'es, sir/ said John, and he was off like a shot. A quarter of an hour later he came back to his faster highly delighted with hinjself. 1 Found oqt all about hor, sir. No i need to follow her far. She's the young Countesse Kissemoti — mighty pretty j woman, they say.1 ' Who say ?' exclaimed his master, rather imperiously. ' Who say, John r' I ? Nobody say John, I don't tell 'em my name, sir; but as I know a good lot of ! their law-breaking lingo. I used my tongue pretty freely, and asked everyone I met who she was. At last a man that they calls a Afusic, not on account of his Voice, I'll swear, for a bear's would soqnd , 3 deal better in a b°Pers chorus, told me as the was the Countesse ^icketqoff, and ? ' ' Why, you said Kissemofl' just now/ rapped out the invalid. 4 Well, sir, 'twas one of the two, that I'd be ready to swear before our own Lord M ayor. 1 know be said as she was rich, and young, and beautiful, and then as be walked slowly along a little way in her wake he asked me what I wanted to know for, and whose servant I wag, and when I telled him, be inquired quite polite how you were a-gctiing on, sir. A very civil, well-informed man was that Musio.' 4 Moorjirk, I suppose, yon mean P I suppose the fellow pumped you quite i dry Y ' Lord, no, sir. I kept him to the point, and when I'd got out of him all that was requisite, I wished him a very civil good morning and came back to you.' 4 Then of course he told you where this Countess of his lived ?' 4'liless me, 6if, if th^t wasn't a query as I quite forgot to put to him.' (I thought as much. Why, John, what a confounded blockhead you are/ Yes, sir. Shall I set out and try if I can come across him again sir?' 4 No, no. I'll be able to get out in a sleigh myself to-morrow, the doctor says, and then I'll prosecute my own inquiries. Just see to the stove, John, ana jpj'.e ffle a cup of tea from tbe samovar / ana Lbeap orders being obeyed the' servant was dismissed By this time' Ada Baydrd, still followed foy 'thb Mcorjick (who ha^ pumped Harry Gordon's etnpjd app^aht dry, exactly as his master ha# feared, as veil as, it is needless to add, staffed bin) with falsehoods in addition), had reached the Palace of the Princess Olga, that stood a little way back from the Admiral-teoakaia Ploehtchadj or great square of the Admiralty ; and entering in at tbe bronzed and gilded gateway she selected a little side door to at, instead of the pre tentiously carved front one, and ner cummons being answered by one of the demec-tipp, she asked for Lots, and when she1 ^ppeafed, addressed her as tbe Princess ha4 4irepBe4i -^b4 forth with ushered to a posy little foonj, bay$g a bright metal stove in its centre, where she was directed to await the Princess' return, which she did in a most thankful and gT2,fifyl State of mind. CHAPTER XIY. WHY 1-0 you TBEMBLE 80, LITTLE WHITE Directly the Princess Qlga ec$ap#d from tbe Police mister's presence' she n';ted his palaoe'in the time way as sbfe j entered it, and sinking almofct ex* jbauBted into ,her sleigh, ,p ued the skin rags up ground her until the- was nearly buried beneath ibera, and? so drove furiously homewards. . . /f Her uoe waBias white a«: any ghost's when'sba entefeSLin palace door, and the first questitfT she asked her wondering servants was if any one awaited her. * A young .'woman; your Highness, from ' one of the foa^eigb shops in the Nevafcpif She «aid It' was yotxr orders :th&t; ^ahe should'&wait; yirar return.*' -rr' : 4 Good { she may. be conducted *io myi bed -room in a quarter of an. hour/ ana without another word the Princess passed noiselessly up the grand staircase. ' 4 Mine only now on sufferance, and at what a price 1' she gasped, as eshe looked around ner on all the magni£oance- bv: which she was surrounded.' * That' hate -4 fnl English girl, who is now injny;power, is the cause of it all. Had not' her superior beauty aroused iny jealousy stirred up my «ngry passions the 4-ther night I bad hot gambled until II a a beggar, and the next morning sold myself body and soul .to the police. Oh, what an iron master 2 have foond r oh, what terrible, what awful danger hangs over my devoted head through tbe step I have just taken. Fool that I was to dream of measuring my strength with sdeh a man as Prince Golgoroukis. To-night -lie' calls. iO God, what forP Can he suspect anything P O heaven, if beTbht 'does -? be I will somehow contrive to find. oUt alb and I ' shall be' as fragile as a beautiful lily in his dutch. Oh, he will crash abdvkill WW.' . 'These' were her reflections as shfe hurried along velvet-pile carpeted passages, and at last opened a door and entered a small room. It was an oratory, and contained an altar, above which was a picture of a rery hideous Russian saint \statues and images are banned by the GreftkjChurch) with vases of flowers and candleB placed in front of it. No sooner did the Princess observe* that some of the candlos were alight, and that a devotee already knelt before the shrine, than her passion, already at sim mering point, fairly boiled over. ' / J)urnc !' she screamed, seiz ing the kneeling girl by the ear with one hand, whilst she hit her vigorously about tbe head with the other, tightly clenched. ' How dare you trouble the holy Saint Sergius with your paltry petitions, when I want him to conccrn himself wholly about my own special matters P To morrow I will send you to the polioe- yard and the whipping-post for this. See if I don't. That is to say, if T don't taie a greater pleasure in whipping you myself.1 4 Oh, dear mistress, mercy ! mercy ! It was only one little humble petition.' ' Ab, Baba, it's you, is it r What have you dared to ask of the saint? ' 4 That he would pray for those I lovo, and watch over them night and day/ 4 And perhaps I want to a&k; him some thing exactly the opposite. Was there ever anything more provoking. I There is no excuse for you, Baba, for yon know as well as I do that the law declares that anyone found worshipping before a holy presentment of a saint that i6 the pro perty of another, designing thereby to obtain a fraudulent share in the favor of the saint so represented, shall be punish able by fine or whipping, at the option of the proprietor of such picture or shrine. £There is a law to this effect.] Now that's enough of that for the present, Get you gone, therefore, for I must com pose my thoughts for my own devotions,' and she beat and thumped the serf oat of the room Then, clasping her hands together, the lovely Princess (having first lighted all tbe candles) flung herself down on ber knees before the glittering shrine, and raising her tear- dimmed eyes to the ng}y saint, exclaimed — ' Oh, holy Saint Sergios, you haven't so fervent an adorer in all St. Petersburg as myself. Grant me, then, a complete victory over all the machinations of my enemies, and Buccess in all that I under take. 4 Oh, holy Saint Sergius, I would bear my body, and lacerate it with rods in humble penance before thee was I not sure that the desecration of my beauty would be a cruel and most wicked thing in thy sight. I will, however, have a great many of my servant women beaten if thou wilt but grant my next prayer, which is to give me vengenoe over my enemies, and save mc from persecution or punishment from all who are placed in authority over me. Oh, good, gracious Saint Sergius, pay no heed to the petitions that have just been offered to thee, for Baba iB a low and vulgar»minded serf, and knows not what is good for her ; but I am a Princess, and beautiful, and, alas, in deadly peril, and if thou wilt watch over and protect mc, I can make it well worth thy while, for every wish that I obtain through thy aid I will add a silver lamp to thy shrine, and candles of the purest wax shall burn before thee night and day. So take me under thy great and powerful protection, most holy and gracious Sergius.' The Princess indulged in this kind of praying a good while long, tears streaming liberally down her cheeks the while from the beautious eyes that were upraised to wards the picture, whilst her voluptuous bi;st seemed to be racked with sobs, and her whole frame to quiver with the extent of her emotion. And, lest the reader may doem this to be a mere fancy sketch, or even a reality highly colored, let us hasten to assure him that a scenc such as we have des cribed would be nothing remarkable in the private oratory of one oi the Bussian nobility, that tbe law respecting the off er- ing of prayers 4 to other people's saints' is still extant and acted upon, and that Sergius is the very saint who the Bishop of Sebastopol assured the Bussian troops would come down from heaven, an I in person conduct them to a glorious victory over tbe allies at Inkerman, both officers and men believing his promise most implicitly. When tbe fair devotee had finished her eloquent petition to the holy saint for the almost exclusive favor of his intercessory prayed, she crossed herself, rose from her knees, and quitted the oratory, locking the door ana taking the key with her, perhaps to prevent tne saint from being pestered by any other more bumble sup* plicant. Her face was irreathqd with smiles now, and slie jinade her ^ay directly 'to- wards her sumptuous bedroom. She found Ada Bayard already there, and the fair English girl at once rose, and falling on her knees at the Princess's feet, seized her hands and covered them with kisses, at the same time bathing them with her tears. 4 Oh, great and noble Princess/ said she, ' you have rescued me from a fate far worse than death — a fate worse than that of the knout even.' ji-t hientiori df tjiel^nout {hp Princega felf her ftesh'invoiu'ntarily1 cretfp, out 6 lie palled tip a smile and answered her pro* tego with 4 J am very glad to thtok that I have been able to serve you. I »tr- partial to English people. Perhaps because my favored lover— 'tbe most hsndspinf and gallant swain that I ever knew iB ,an Englishman. Sir Hany Gordon of the British Embassy. Perhaps you know him Py 4 Intimately,' said Ada, whilst ber face turned very pale. ' Then you will have an opportunity of frequently seemg hjrn here, when he Fec&yeH; 'from lie ' 5ob*evph*i *w¥«rap} wonnd that be received the other night, he passes half his time with me. 4 Nay, don t look so shocked ; no decorum is violated by such an attention in St. Petersburg. Your compatriot Mrs Grundy has, thank heaven, never applied tor '5 D4sp9Tt ^authorising a sojourn in Russia,' or even ft visit to its shores/ 'I atft a ganger to your custom, signed A!ia,1w 'snfes 'Mi fN first cruel -banptbi&i; her riral bad pUuitid therein, ' Xon,' «he«dded, ' «re tbb fint ' ; ~ ' . 7 Russian to.^whom I have incurred a debt ofgristitafie. X pray heaven that jonr kindness, 'to jl ^stranger has not involved you in'any peril/ ^ v^ * A dittlb, perhaps, my dear, but we wilt fiodttket quit ot that. I must disguise you beyond recognition, and then the hazard will be past. Your yellow hair -we -wiU~-5hhhgfc to black, eyebrows and I lashes s. ditto/ I can' «top .out a few or ihojre fte§rly%te£th,with. Email2^oirt as ,4hey do on the stage, and disoolpr the others. ' Dtffoh chrome, another stage preparation, will render your 'complexion sallow, and powdered antimony will create i hollows ^underneath your eyes, whose : lustre must-be hidden by blue or grey ' gdggle spectacles. We mast, with some irritant, cause some soreness and swell ing about -the mouth, too, for I vow that anyone who has once looked upon those cherry lips would never forget them. I Why, my 'dear, you and I must be tbe two most lovely girls in St. Petersburg. I am jn£neteen (the fibber was twenty-one),, I and youP1 ' | 4 1 am just Eighteen/ 'half sobbed Ada, who, despite her peril, did not relish the idea oftall her beauty being ohanged into. uglinesB. ' Well, .well,' said the Princess, observ : ing yet ignoring this, ' wc soon will make | you look twenty-eight at the very least We must somehow pad your dresses, I suppose, to make you look a clumsy, awkard figure ,- for I'm sure I don't know how else it is to be done ; and dressed as a Bussian waiting-maid, 1 really don't think you need fear recognition/ ' Ob your Highness, is there any neces sity for all this — this trouble?' 4 Assuredly : for suppose the police were to oome and search my palace, recognise you P I might be sent to Siberia, and you would be certainly 'taken back to the Police Minister's. I don't know what you were there for, or why you desired to get away. I know, Chough, that you did desire it, and that I iiadpity on you/ 4 Your Highness was my dear, kind guardian angel ; and* as I said before saved me from worse than death. Do not question rae further, I pray of you. Do not. Do notl I would rather die than tor the walls of that horrible build iug to close upon me again. Oh God ! the eights that I saw and the sounds that T heard whilst its inmate — they will haunt me unto ray dying day ! ' But you suffered no wrong — no hurt P You know what I mean !' '' No, thanks to you, I was saved » it time. Oh, do with mc what you will ; make me as hideous as you please, but do not send me back. (To be Continued.) 