laterkry Notices. . We have received'the fourth edition of a cata logue of the pictures in the National Art Gallery of New South Wales. The catalogue is illus trated, the illustrations . being drawn hy E. L. Montefiore, Esq., and others. The catalogue has been printed by Mr. Sands, of JGeorge-strteet. The drawing of the illustrations is in most cases good, 3ut the urintiner of them mirfit Kavs heen better. Here, however, truth requires that we should say that some -of the illustrations are fairly well printed, 'whilst others are so blurred as to bs merely a pictorial smear. This unfortunately is specially the case with the most striking picture in the collection, namely, 'The Defence of Borke's Drift.' The letterpress underneath the illustrations furnishes the names of the artists who painted the pictures, and .gives other information which will render the catalogue useful ? as u work of reference to strangers and others -who may visit our national collection of pictures. The illustrations to this catalogue lead us to suggest to 'photographers that a series of photographs of the chief pictures in the collection, if nicely bound in book form, would be likely to sell at a fair price, not only in New South Wales, but in all parts of the Empire. ' Bills of Sale and Interpleader in the Small Debts Courts of New South Wales ' is the title of a neat little work on the subject indicated. ?The work, which has been written and compiled by Mr. Alexander Gillespie, of Sydney, solicitor, comprises seven chapters, and also an appendix, which consists of reports of and comments on Supreme Court cases, along with the statutes relating to the recovery of small debts. So far as we are able to judge, the 'work appears to be an able one ; but, as it is a law book, we must, in offering an opinion on its merits, not forget the rebuke which, the painter Apelles addressed to a shoemaker who was criticising one of the artist's works, namely, let not the cobbler go beyond his last. As the writer of this notice is simply a layman, anything that he might say on the legal aspect of the work would be compara tively worthless ; but, so far as the literature of the work, the legal erudition displayed in it, and the general 'getting np ' of it are concerned, he desires to express a very favorable opinion. The Medical Gazette, No. 87, for December, fully sustains the reputation which that journal has already achieved. It contains a number of articles descriptive of some of 'the ills that flesh is heir to,' along with an account of the treat ment adopted in each ease, and the result, or re sults, of that treatment. The number also con tains a large mass of miscellaneous in formation relating to the medical profes sion, along with reviews of medical works, corres pondence, and editorial comments. The Gazette is edited by Dr. Mildred Creed, M.L.C., and is published by Mr. L. Bruck, medical publisher, of Castlereagh-street, in this city. Considering the large number of professional men who contribute articles to this journal, it may be regarded as a fair exponent of the medical science of the colony. We may . add that it is very clearly and nicely printed at the office of Mr. Sands, in George street. Australian Nationalisation, &c;, &c;, -by Bobert Thomson, printed and published by Moss Brothers at Burwood; contains a statement and review of nearly all the arguments that can be urged in favor of ' Austra lian independence- The work treats of nationalism properly so called, of federalism, of an Australian customs union, of our railways, break of gauge, and our railway policy, of imperialism and royalism, the Chinese question, and various other matters. Mr. Thomson writes fluently on the questions he dis cusses. It is the opinion of most thoughtful men that the Australasian colonies will eventually become either, independent States, or an in dependent State; but in case they should throw off their allegiance to the British Crown, it is by no means certain that they would neces sarily adopt a ; Bepuhlican form of Government. Enthusiastic Bepubiieans always view republican institutions from the standpoint of their, own political proclivities and tastes, and ? omit all consideration of the evils which spring from such institutions. There is as much politi cal corruption in America as exists in Bussia, Turkey, or any other State ; and there is abso lutely less freedom to the individual there than there is in Monarchical England. Indeed, log rolling and other .'political crimes common in America would not.be tolerated in England or in any of her colonies. Neither would lynch or mob law be permitted in a monarchical country. These things should not be for gotten when we compare the advantages of republican government with those of the monarchical form. Theoretically, the pat riarchal or despotic form of govern ment is the best, provided the right sort of man could be found to administer it; but, then, owing to the weakness and moral infirmities of our common nature, no such man can be found. Theoretically also the republican form of govern ment is better than the monarchical; but, then, the theoretical superiority of it is marred by the love of power and the lust for gold, and all the other weaknesses of our common nature. The people of this colony for ex ample ? have, at the present moment, more power over the legislation of the colony than the people of the United States have over the legislation of their country. The citizens of France are ruled as despotically at the present time as they would be under the regime of an Emperor. In fact, the proper function of govern ment is the protection of the citizen in discharging his duties as a free man, and any government that properly fulfils that function is a good government. The making of the laws of a free eountry is in the hands of the citizens thereof; and, if they make bad laws, or allow them to be made, the fault is theirs. All the abuses which the author of the book under notice points put as existing in this colony could be removed without any change of government, and consequently, the continuance of such abuses ? only proves that the people are apathetic and will not take the trouble of instituting a better order of things. We agree with a great many of this author's comments on public affairs, but never tbeless we fail to see that he has proved that national independence would be a blessing just at the present time. It may and most likely will come hereafter, but at present we are iiot in a fit state to receive it. All, however, who wish to eee what can be said in favor of imme diate independence, vpiU find what they wish for in this author's book. ? ' Pets of the Public : A Book of Beauty,' is the title of a work which has been written by Mr. Edward Ellis, and which is likely to be acceptable to the theatrical portion of the public. It is illustrated with twenty-five portraits of actresses. The first part of the title of the book, 'namely, 'Pets of the Public,' is appropriate, for most, if not- all the ladies whose portraits ? ape given are favorites with Australian audiences ; but the second part of tlie title, to wit, 'A Book of Beauty,' might have been omitted. The ladies whose portraits illustrate the book may be and doubtless are talented, estimable, and accom plished, jaid also moderately good-looking; but to call- them beauties shows the extreme courtesy of the author. A fiumbey of them have 'been married for many years, asd everyone knows that matrimony is very unfavorable to the preserva tion of youthful beauty. Setting this trivial matter 'aside, we may say that the work is written in a very pleasant and ~ genial style, and that whatever amount of dramatic criticism may be ia it is more distinguished by sweetness than by acidity or bitterness. 'The Mineral Wealth of Queensland/' by Bobert Jack, Government geologist, &c;,, &c.;, is a pamphlet containing much information respecting the boundaries, extent, and practical value of the goldfields, coalfields, silver fields, ttafiejds, antg mony, and other mines of Queensland. The - statistics . of the work have Jpbeen obtained chiefly from official reports, and the pamphlet is intended to illustrate the large index map to the mineral wealth of Queensland hung in the Queensland Court of the Centennial Ex-; hibifapn.L.Melbpu^ae. Tie .Mgymatjon given fey. Mr. Jack is : arranged^ ins readable style, 'and 3s to a largelextent devoid.of scientific technicalities. Here and there the reader will find a speculation respecting the mode in which the minerals or their ores were deposited in the places where ihejr are found, 88(1 these speculations are either sug gested by the facH er Jfcujjd,e4 on tkem.. %9 practical value of the work i© jninecs is ^ery con siderable, and it has been vary nicely printed and 'got up ' by Warwick and Sapsfopd, printers, ef BriBbane^Ji is illuataated !by a large map of Qaeen^rfHMgjjjtffceo 38 to show the Taricw ?localities in which the1 mineral wealth of that colony is found. The January number, of the Impebial Bevtew, published by M'Kinley and Co., Melbourne, has reached us, and we find that - it contains much lively and plea Bant reading. Within the compass of some eighty pages about .sixty-nine articles are con tained, and these are all more or less readable, while some of them are humorous and others piquant. We need scarcely say that such necessarily short articles cannot be exhaustive, either of the subjects written on or the jpatience of readers. As an average sample of the editorial style we quote the ' Eomance of Wool :' '.Bon-trick's Eomance of . the Wool Trade teems with suggestion. It exudes. The merino was preserved twenty centuries in Spain, to flower in Australia. The Peninsula War dispersed the merinos. Macarfchur planted his little flock, from the Cape, at Camden, the Cow Pastures, on the Nepean. Victoria has the largest share of the Bomance. Desperate attempts were made to establish a landed aristocracy, by the Clarkes, Desaillys, Wilsons, Austins, Campbells, Mani folds, Chirnsides, Ebdens, Armitages, Splatts, Wares, Butlsdge, Boyds, and the like. The Orders in Council were to be turned into Fee Simples. The squattocrat regarded the broad acres as his own. Gold was found as far back as 1847, but the squatters concealed the knowledge, for fear of being . overrun, eaten out of house and home, by a plague of human locusts, like 'the ianche owners in California. The head of these ranchers was the millionaire Augustus Sutter, richest man on the Pacific Coast, yet he died a pauper. But there were Victorian squatters with whom gold conspired with wool, mutton, and beef, to realise the dreams of Plutus. Jock Winter took up his Ballarat freehold because he saw such grand streaky beef, from that region, in John O'Shanassy's Melbourne butchering shop. The diggings made him a fortune, even before such a rich gold mine was found on his own pro perty. Think of the contrast between the death like stillness of the Ballarat Forest in 1850 and the excited goldfields town there in 1851. Wentworth, in the Sydney Legislature, put through the Act authorising banks to take liens on wool and stations. In after times Melbourne banks plunged heavily. Degraves v. the Union Bank was a type of the ensuing litigation. When Glass broke he nearly dragged down the Colonial. Hugh Glass's man sion property at Flemington is' just being cut up for sale, like the Maribyrnong Estate, and the magnificent Bobertson properties, Colac, Coranga mite, Cororooke, transformed from squattage into smiling farms. Queensland of late has repeated some of the experience of Victoria of yore. We heard of an enterprising young Englishman drop ping .£100,000, through drought, on a Queens land station, and having to clear out, beggared, just as the rain came. Some where we met a yarn of an abandoned mansion, in the Back Blocks, with the kangaroos hopping out, as a tired swagman came to repose in the drawing-room. The windows and doors were gone, floors ripped up, paper ragged on the walls, only the ghosts of the Ormulus and what nots. Novelists please note. The annual auc tions of stud merinos bring the pastoralists to Melbourne in a September shoal, ready to draw cheques of from .£100 to .£1500 for a fancy ram. Another auction to be thumbnailed is that of wool in London, where the . buyers all sit in pews in a very church-like looking place, the pew holders having their names on brass plates. Is it .a hopeless case when you see Miss on a brass door plate ? The Mel bourne wool prince was Goldsbrough. whose ideas turned this way while stapling Australian wool, as a clerk, in Bradford. He advanced to building his wool palace in Melbourne, where the Sheep breeders' Association hands round gorgeous epergnes and other silver- trophies. In old times the Prince of Wales Hotel, long demolished, in 'Flinders-lane, was the great resort of squatters and their Melbourne cronies. It stood a good way back from the footpath, where the gas company is now. The battles over the land. Squatter v. Selector, # are done. We have seen -it stated that the squatters have plundered 10,000 miles of public roads by fencing them in. How is that big Central Australian Syndicate getting on, which Murray Smith floated in London, for the Fishers ? We understand that the King Sound, Derby, Cambridge Gulf, Kim berley, and Stuart country properties, in West Australia, are doing well enough. Drought is experienced now in Victoria, spoiling the harvest, and sfinding meat up. Is this climatic sympathy with the causes of the failure of the wheat har vest in England and France ?' - 