"TWICE TRIED Pt I , A 1LOVE STORY, SB r ANNIE S., SWA8NJ i Author of,' Aldersyde ,":; he.Ga aes of Edoi," "A'lidived Houseec, etc, OHAPTER ,I1. (coTrNTuED. "So you 'know 'all about it, do you I Well, 'yon know, you may as well keep civil, for you won', )nve much, to say when there's two of u?in the house." Robert Angus bit, his lip till it bled. Only himself knlew hat a mighty offert it cost him to keep lir' hlands off 'Rinoonie. '"You've treated me worse than a dog since I came to this vile place," said Ran some, presently; carefully knocking the ashes from his pipe. "'But I'llbe, re venged on you, Say, how did you fdel when you saw the ldirise Amy and your humbleservant in the' avenue toanightI Very small, ohi I thought'you'w'ould. Here, I say, keep off. Do you mean to kill mot" ". Robert Angus threw his prudence to the winds., Catchinig his tormentor.by the collar of the cost, he shlook' him asia dog would shake a rat; shook him till his teeth chattered in his head, and he howled for, mercy. Thein taking*up'the dainty cane which had fallen from Ran. samo's nerveless fingers, he:saipped it across his back, dand tossed' it and 'its owner in the gutter. Then lie strode'on in frontt lonming'.Rolfe to Pick him?dlf up gingerly, aiiering'anid vowing vengeance in no measured terms'. When it came to a trial of strength, he had not the ghost of a chance against Robert Angus; so his revenge would need'to take some other form than that of personal chastisement. After the heat of his passion wore off, Robert felt annoyed .etaud.ashamed.,.of himself."'ICwiould.have been much more dignified,' certainly, to hiave passed by Ransoms's impudence with silent con tempt, only there are men upon whom contempt was utterly lost, and whom nothing short of corporal punishment would touch ; and Rolfe Ransome was certainly one of these. He seemed utierly devoid of any of the finer feelings; m for honour, the word was to him only a' un known sound, " As he neared home Robert's thoughts reverted again to his father. Heafelt sorry now that he had been so short with' him. After all, he had a right to please himself without consulting : anybody. When heremembered the anxious nervous ness with which. hle had,approached the' subject, and the evident dread he had of, the reception he (Robert) would give his' news, he smiled a compassionate smiloe, and again regretted that lie had "ot been' kinder. As Joan had said, kbnd deeds would be the pleasantest to reflect upon at that period of life when memory is all we have to live upon; that time which comes upon us silently anid swiftly, co'n vincing us that the highest ambitions and proudest aims of humanity are as noth-l ing when weighed with love. : It was exactly,half past- nine by the Town Hall cluck when he passed up the High-street, which was now quite des crted. The only creature he saw was the doctor's housemaid, running to the Post Office with her master's letters. He bade her good evening as lie passed,' for she had been two years in the Bank House, and it never occurred to Robert to. pass even a servant girl without recngnition. It was that perfect frank courtesy which made him so much beloved in Auchengray. "Is the moster in, Christinas " hlie asked the girl who opened the door to him, for lie had forgotten his key.' ; ".Yes, sir. He is in the study.; Is Mr Ransome not with you, Mr Roberti The master has been asking for him.' He seems anxious about him," "Oh, he is all right. 'He'will be here shortly," Robert answered carelessly, and, hanging up his lihat and coat, went straight to the library. His father was writing at the table, and merely glanced up at his entrance, but made no remark, .Robert stood against the mantel with his hands in his pocket, listening to the scratching of the pen across the paper. "You did tnot see Ransome, I suppose'1" his father said presently, as lihe addressed and sealed his letter. Robert could read the address from where he stood--"lMies Baut some, care of Mrs Colquhnun, Mount Rosa, Strathblane," "Yes, I saw him. He will be in shortly." " Where has lie been ; do you know 1" "Spending the evening at the Thorn, responded Robert, briefly. "Ah, I'm glad to hear he 'was in so I safe a place., You surely 'dn't go so miuch to the Thorn as you did, Bob?"'. ' "One wooer at a' time is sufficient, I fancy, even for Miss Burnett," Robert answered, wiith abitterness which sur-: prised both his father and himself. But the old man wisely made no com ment., "Father, I'm sorrylI was'so rude 'to you this evening," said Robert,'presedntly, turning Ihis fius eyes fully and 'frinkly on Ihis father's face. "I was' taken by sur prise and forght myself. 'Believe me,,I wish you every happiness, and I shall.not lack in the courtesy, I assure yid, to your wife, whenever you please to bring her home. It was half-comical, half-pathetic, to see the change which came upon the banker's face as he listended t:theseisordsi . "Thank you, Bob. I hoped this wouldn't make any difference between us,' he said, somewhat haiskily,''nd exteniding his hand tsbis son as he spoke.. " 'I:won't forget this, I promise you ; aid I pm suri ' Isabel will appreciate your good-will even more deeply than I do. She has been very anxious about you, and Il h?v': just been writing'to her to-night with a heavy hert." ; Robert nodded. ".You might reopen the letter, and'cpna roy my good wishes to her ini pdoastiiipt," he suggested, with a slight twinkle il, his eye, which brought , smile to his father's lips. So Joan's sermgpn wasR.!eady bvap ing fruit. '. "I say, father, do.you know wehat I've been about to-nighti" " No. Haven'tyou been at tlteThrn s'f "No, I lookedin to see Joan Laurence for an hour; then I went out ithe Strath-' blane-road, and gaveaRansomd a thrasli ing." "Bless tme, boy I" ':.i ' '-i, Mr Angus started, not being ~ibli:ti discern .tho analbPgy! bstwdVBn 'payiog. i visit. to Miss Laurence and chastising Rannome. "He wans impertinent to6 me, and that was the only way I could purnish him'; so I did it," said Hubert' cnolly. "I hope you didn't hart: him"" '; :il "Not I;only 'spaoiled a cane and a pair of kid gloves for himn " that'sail. He'll weigh hIis words neixt time he speaks to me I warrant you. . ...... "fDearm/eil is io?b"'eijraoordimi'ayl I' had no idea therewas somuch fire inyou Rob, .Butif ydou didn'chu'rt himna;I'daine: any it won't do him any:harm," "It'll do himn good. Thirse h~tit, coming in. He won't show face here, I promise you.!' :. " .'. u. . Mr Ransome admitted himself with his own key, and werit straight uip to his room. As may be imagined, he was not inta pan ticularly amiable miod ''or were the remarks he mads in a savage undertone while he brushed the mud from his nsew tweed 'suit of a very elegant or compli mentary kind. Robert was right. The thrashing, richly merited as it was, did Ransome good, in so far as it put an end to all impertience directed against the individual who had inflicted it. He now kept a respectable distance from Robert, and, though living under the samena roof. tree, they seldom exchaingted words. MIr Angus, seiior, bega.i to keep a more strict end vigilant surveillance over his junior clerk, and did not minrcemattcrs wihen he clianced to offend;so that thie young entlemian had but as indifferent time of Sthe house of Asgns. ut he found consolation eover await. " at the Thorn. IRobert Angus htimself from tihe factor's house "aod intesded still further to absent himself until Amy should send for him and make some explanations of the scene which she knew very well he had witnessed. He was somnewhat astonished" at his own coolnessin the matter; in fact, he felt no extreme distress ibt'the separa tion from his lady-love, and as the days went by he felt less and lees' inclination to return to his old allegiance. He was standine at tihe bank door one afternoon just at closing time, waiting on the office boy binrgiig up the mail-bag from the post office, when Mr Burnett came up. "Huiina, Robert; how are you l" he said, cheerily.; "I was in the town, and came up specially to see you. What's come overyou this ago, eh 1" "Nothing particular. Won't you come in 1 It is just tlrrs~ '~ed 'my"Ifather. 'ill be gnlngint?tl s huse presently.'l r "No,thaekyou. Come, tell me why you have stayed away aso long. Amy not been behaving, h 1'' "Amy knowe what ham kept me, Mr Burnett," Robert asid. "She pretends not to-the monkey-for I asked her this very day, and she tossed her head and said you must have a sweet heart,..Ie thatso.1", ,......- -- "It is Amy who is fickle. She does not miss me, evidently; she has got so good a substitute," said Robert, drily. "Tell you what; that young Ransome's not worth his salt, and he comes a deal too much to the Thorn.t. If I thought he was making love to my girlI'd'show him the doriorprecious quickly, IVassure you," said Mr Burneit, with asperity. ".That's just what he is doing, ?Mr Burnett ; and it is scarcely to be expected that I should brolk his rivalry." ,,"Blessme I I wish ?ny: family had been all boys; they, are so much less trouble., Tlhat Aemy beginning to annoy me?-with-I her lovers, alreadyi and four young ones'cotiing np' to follow her example.' It'll make me an old man be. fore my time," said Mr Burnett,' cofi cally. "Well, Robert, Amy or no Amy, don't desert us. '\amma ins?isses you of ali evening-so do ie-all;',,. ..,., , ,,,.. ; ; "Thank YOu. Tell IMrs Burett I'll be up some evening soon. You'e heard .of my father's approaching maerriage?wtilli Miss Ransomel'... S"Yes, and. I didn't know vwhitda o think of it. I thought your fathler toe sensible a inad I hve dnai iaseaid .Mr Burneitt shakinghis' had ' But she'sh a very saweet girl I 'hear,'anid you may, be comfortable together; I am sure I hope so. Well, I'm off. The[e' Nips Laurpance coming Tp ilhe street. Faiae womanthat ?l wia? my'Amy,.ere more like her. Don't forget your promise to cowu p Godrtl oy "': 't. ( If ' (To~r ccorasnsrcnfe) 