CURRENT TOPICS. A MoATCO will be commenced this after noon at the green of the Launceston.Bowl ing Club between teams of eight selected by Messrs. Wilkins and Frost. Mr. Wilkins's team will comprise the following: -Messrs. Stewart, Coulter, Wallace, and Wilkins (captain), and Messrs. Boyd, Harrop, Thurston, and Hudson (captain). These will play against the following selected by Mr. Frost:-Messrs. Lockie, Scott, Jones, and Gaylor (captain), and. Messrs. Haywoed, Glenwright, Evans, and .Frost (captain). The game will extendl over two afternoons, three hours in all, the side making the highest aggregate score winning the match. A coeasrPONDENT writes :-As far as accommodation is concerned, Ulverstone is rapidly coming up to meet the require ments of the present times. There is now in the Commercial Hotel one of the latest additions in this way. Decorators and painters have been busy for a considerable time, and have now just completed their work. Scrupulous cleanliness, coupled .with attention, and the pleasing effects produced by the modern style of sanitary wall papers, dadoes, etc., have made this hotel all that can be desired. AN accident of a somewhat serious nature happened yesterday at Mr. Robert Gardner's tannery, Canning - street, whereby a man named James Wilkinson, aged 23 years, was a sufferer. It appears that Wilkinson was standing over a boiler of tan, which was being heatedforthe pur pose of tanning skins, and by some un known means he fell into it. His legs were severely scalded up to the knees. He was at once rescued and taken to the Laun c.ston Hospital, where he was detained for treatment. A man named Francis Cassidy was sentenced at the City Police Court yester- day morning to one month's imprisonment for having stolen a quantity of flowers from the garden of Mr. Henry Ritchie. This should act as a warning to many who deem it not a sin to ruthlessly pillage gardens whenever they may get the chance, never dreaming that the law empowers the bench to impose a sentence of six months' imprisonment for the first offence and two years for a second conviction. Mr. E. Whitfeld yesterday morning, whilst com menting upon the case, drew attention to the difficulty many citizens experienced in preserving any choice flowers or plants in their, gardens through the depredations of what arq termed in America "sneak thieves." It is to' be trusted that the sentence inflicted uponAlCassidy yesterday will. bear good results, and that garden robbers will restrain for the future as much as possible their thievish propensities, and by so doing keep themselves outside the precincts of the gaol. PROPnssIONAL me , are usually chivalrously guarded when speaking of their brethren either in their own or other branches of business. An exception to the general rule occurred yesterday at the local Courtof Bequests. A certificated surveyor brought an action to recover £20, which he charged for surveying a property, sub dividing it into lots, and making a sale plan. The price was resisted by defendant as exorbitant, and £10 which had been paid into court was deemed by him to be adequate. Opportunity was taken by counsel for the defendant to make a violent attack on local surveyors. He stated they were. in Laun ceston a small bodys that there wasno competition in consequence s and that they formed a " ring" and used their combina tion to "bleed ' clihents, in fact, as he stated wore "harpies fastening on helpless clients." Counsel, for the. plaintiff very properly warmly resented such language, sal characterised the. attack as being "gross and unwarrantable." Ma. TnoneAu, the Government Mining Geologist, has shown us a souvenir of the recent fire in the mail van of the express train conveying the San Fraucisco mails from Sydney to Melbourne. It is a copy of the Alta California, folded in a'wrapper and addressed in the usual manner, one end and part of the side of the folded document being charred, but fortunately the address being printed, not written, occupied but a small space, and though scorched, enough was legible to enable the paper to be forwardeI to. its destination. Mr. Thureau, however, was expecting some important . docusente from Washington relative to surveys on the Pacifi Coast, which have not colpe.to hand. Ir is not often a poor man indulges in the luxury of litigation to the extents we exemplified in a cause before the locai Fe Court of Requests yesterday. The case in ai few words was that defendant acting as aw trustee in a bankrupt estato seined and sold rlr two horses and a dray, and which 'were ve claimed by plaintiff as his property. There (w were eirotimstnces of stispicion in connec- ett tion with the tranefer, relationship, insol- va vency of the eelleti eto:, which no doubt ds Jtistified the trustee Jh testing the mlatter W before a couirt a?d jtiuy. TIId G5d0l *5s before the Commissioner yesterday for the ei third timel'a unanimous verdict for the G: trustee being given on the first occasion, he and one of a majorityof jurorsforthesame th on the second. Dissatisfied with these in results, and although he had already spent Ps a28 ills of ha?d-earned smoney, he had the an persistenud ohch agalh tti refibir his suit in Sc order to regain his alleged misappropriated p aj operty. In addressing the jury counsel C the defendant had a strong Ti temptation to allude to the previous Pi evidence, andto the verdicts twice success- st fully gained by his client, and disregard of To the Commissioner's ruling on this matter cc brought counsel and his Honor into Cl temporary warm "ollisioh. The coste, R however werte tltiuIt thbise pfilesb oh the ii side of the defence, the trustee deposing th that.60 had been spent in law fees, £50 in trustee's costs in defending the suit, and m leaving absolutely nothing for distribution pi among the creditors. The trustee got a p1 verdict for the third time, and notice of ' appeal was agein giten, . a T wtal statistic of the country dis: triets for the monthof anuary last, issued by the Registrar- Gehetal aid Government H Statistlcia (Mt. R: M. Johbston) inclitde or the follo*iig flgutt I(-Thd estiilated ti population Lot the year, 1888 was 1i,141, l as against 811,380 for 1887, shpwing an in= vi crease for the ye?t of 8761. ..Births show a D decrease, being 228 and f144 leepettitely. pi The deaths for the years 1888 and 1889 st were uniformly85. Deaths from diarrhoea al decraseec froilS 1.,in 1817' to 8 in 1888[ B buht other clsesbf deathas brought the g: total to the same figure. ti TaH business of the local £50 Court of pi Requests was continued yesterday, before hb Mr. Commissioner Waterhouse and juries. w A case, Burrows v. Cridge, partly heard on ti the previous day, resulted In a verdict for B the plaintiff for a portion of his claim. At I second eases M'Fadden ?. Btimpff, brought m before the colirt for the thltd times weatily |a occupied the rest of the day, and resulted Is in the two previous verdicts for defendant a being affirmed. Daring the day Mr. R. u Byron Miller suggested to his Honor that tl Saturday was an awkward day for attend- 'I ance of jurors, and the court at its rising might adjourn until Monday. The Com- b missioner, however, decided to proceed n with the list, and the court will resume at a 10 a.m. to-day. The following causes re- t! main for adjudication, and are expected to e occupy to-day and Monday :-Alfred John a Murray v. Wm. Bishop, goods sold, £36 8s 7d; Messrs. Douglas, Collins, and Davis n for plaintiff; Mr. Miller for defendant. c John R. Ward v. E. D. Harrop and J. J. a Rumpff (trustees in the estate of John I Bennett), work done and commission, £46 p 10s 8d; Mr. J. B. Waldron for plaintiff ; Messrs. Douglas, Collins, and Davis for c defendants. r A LAnua amount of pattonage was again extended to the switchback railway during yesterday afternoon ahd evehing. 'The a management in orSer to ptevent onlookers a from getting too close to the line where it a nears the ground, yesterday had a fence c erected which forms a guard also against I the inroads of larrikins. The railway will < be open for traffic this afternoon and e evening. 1 Faox a private letter we learn that Mr, Howard Haywood left Formby by the Southern Cross yesterday for Melbourneo to undergo an operation for the removal of the cancer in the face from which he iq suffering. Mr. Haywood says:-"The 1 disease Is making such rapid progress that I I begin to dread lest I have delayed too long. The chin and neck are feeling very contracted, with wretched dragging sensa tions, and the beard over the parts affected is falling out. On arrival in Melbourne r shall not lose any time placing myself under treatment so as to seek relief. I do' 1 not dread to face the surgeon's knife, for I ! feel that to do so would be afolly. What I earnestly hope is that all will be well,: Sand that I get successfully through the' 1 ordeal.". TnE monthly meeting of the Patterson. street Wesleyan Band of Hope was held in the school-room last night. The Rev. H. Greenwood presided, and the meeting was opened with singing and prayer. Impres save addresses on the temperance question were given by the chairman and Captain' Reid, of the .se. Cambria. During the evening recitations were given by Miss . Wallace and Messrs. W. and F. Tyson, P. Craw, and F. Wathen. A pianoforte solo was rendered by Miss 8tearnes, a song by Mr. A. Kenworthy, and choruses by Missee 1\. Dawson, Mabel Batty, and H. Fleming, and Messrs. F. Tyson and P. Craw. The chairman gave a closing address, and the r meeting terminated with singing and the t pronouncing of the Benediction. AT the City Police Court yesterday morning Messrs. E. Whitfeld and E. L. Ditcham, J.'sP., presided. Francis Cassidy I pleaded not guilty to having on the 8th instant stolen a auantity of flowers from the garden of Mr. Henry Ritchie. William Bracken deposed to having seen the de fendant in the garden of Mr. Ritchie about 9 4 p.m. on the 8th lnst.picking flowers; the t witness asked him what he was doing, and he replied' he could go there when he wished. The bench considered the charge proved, and sentenced the accused to one month's imprisonment.-Daniel Williams, charged with having created a disturbance on the Mowbray Racecourse on Wednes day, was fined 10s with 4s costs, or in doe fault, seven days' imprisonment.-One drunkard' was fined 6s, with the usual alternative in default.-A charge against Bridget Denis, of having disturbed the s peace, was adjourned owing to the illness ef the defendant.-In the case' of Benjamin t A. Tragitt v. John Thomas Beck, a claim for £4 18 Hospital dues, the sum of £1 10s was paid into court, and an order made a for the payment of A1 per week and 7s Gd Scoste.s-Several other cases of a similar nature were withdrawn, the amounts e claimed having been paid. LTer night the Academy of Music was again crowded to excess with patrons of S" Hans the Boatman," who in the person of Mr. Charles Arnold has established a Spopalarity which will probably only end Swith his departure from Launceston. n Every seat in the dress circle had, not f withstanding that this was the fourth k night on which the same piece had been e played, been secured, and the lower parts Sof the house were also fully occupied. Mr. n Arnold fairly charmed the audience with h his natural and pleasing interpretation of d the roles of Hans, but we need not add to s the praise already accorded not only by ourselves, but by all the leading news y papers of the colonies, to this talented ,f actor, and to his capable company, not r omitting the children who contribute no small share to the entertainment. The s cenery is both appropriate and pretty, and the interludes are pleasantly filled by the orchestra under Herr Gustave Kuster, . who, in addition to exercising the baton, e also gave some clever performances as a violin soloist, which won great and de n served applause. A special matinee will Sbe held at 2"30 to-day, and the purity and innocent character of "Hans the Boat. Sman" is testified to by the exuressed in tention of several of our well-known : clergymen to attend. In addition to the o usual programme to-night the "Spanish Students, who were brought to the colo Snies by Mr. M. Simonsen, and have been d specially engaged by Mr. Arnold, will give one of their clever performances, and there will be no lack of talent, either in quantity o duaality, in the entertainment pro Tan dificulty in connection with the Mount Nicholas coal miners was still un settled yesterday. Xfr.,Hugh Kirk pro Sceeded to Mount Nicholas on Thursday Snight to endeavour to settle the matter in Sdispute between the miners and the r tributer, but so far has failed to do so. Mr. David Scottreceived the following tele gram last evening from Mr. J.G. Davies, M.H.A.:-" The men renfuse to go to work Sat s per ten. We understand that the h men are asking 8s 6d per ton from the is tributor for the coal they turn out, but as . the last-named is only receiving a trifle oe over this amountn for his tribute, and of whieh he ahua to p?Wyall'th · expenses previous to puttaing he es '4tio-eq a.p t, the d~mnds of thou m . AnnTa EnwAmRDs, alide Johnsons who, k was arrested on" board the e.e. Pateefli on eel February 6 on a charge of stealing various as articles of jewelry m England, and in in whose possession was found 101 wedding rel rings, ladies' and gentlemen's ringse f km various descriptions, a valuable gold watch or (worth about £70), a quantity of plate, in etc., amounting in all to abodet £00 in te value, was sent yesterday to .Melbournes li in route for England in charge of Sergeant in White, of the Launceston police force. fa At the Oddfellows' Hall to-morrow ea eieniiig Ar: A. Cletke will preach the le Gospel. The following services will be held to-morrow:-At Chhilmefo Church hi the Rev. D. S. Brunton will preach morit- P. ing and evening. At the Tabernacle at Pastor Wood will preside at-both services, TI and special addresses will be given by Mt. is Stuthwell, secretary of. the Melbourne '8( Y.M.O.Ai,1n the morning,and the Rev.Mr. ar Cherbury, of Melbourlie; in the evening. It The Rev. D. Provan will preach at the bi Primitive Methodist Church, Frederick- a street, morning and evening, and at Young y Town at 230 p.m. Pastor White will u' conduct 'ervices at York-strec Baptist I Church, the morning subject being "The tc oly Ghost," gad a baptismal celebration o1 'ilt the dvenin0. Paqtob Soltau preaches at h the Memorial Church iiorninn aild even- * ing. The Christian Mission Band wilt h meet at the church at 7180 p.m. to.day, cc proceeding to Market Green, and will also i play on the hillside to-morrow at 8 o'clocl. tc The Rev, H. Greenwood preaches morning g and evening at the Patterson-street om Weslejatu Church. V A connsellotr kilf writes from Brothers' e Home on February 138 :-Mining is carried I1 on as usual and with as much expedition ai al the scareity of water will. allow, but as so a niay dorkospoildents have beengiving most I valuable opinions ofatewillrefrain.- The Derby Brass Band is going in for a good practice, and by the time they have had sufficient they will compare very favour- ably with the town bands or the Lasses Band at Scottsdale.-Work is slowly pro ' t gressing with our public buildings, to wit, II the Qourt House and the watchhouse. Our u pres:iitti/ib'cie of durance vile consiste of a bullock chain and s o idii thees verynice for a wild beasts, but scarcely good etioilgi for a this enlightened nineteenth century. Out f Rifle Club is also making alight progress. f I believe we have good soldiers, or the i material for good soldiers,, and the officers are I believe the proper stamp of men to lead a forloin hope, but they have neither I arms nor. ammunitioiii dild while these i useful ingredients are not opt??nable ifay v the powers preserve us from the enemy.- I The weather is very dry. A PLEASANT trip was made to Rosevear's s by the s.s. Indignant on Thursday after- a noon, conveying a number of the teachers I and children of Holy Trinity Church and t their friends for a picnic, which was much I enjoyed, the party returning comfortably t at about 8 Ijm. On Wednesday evening next, regatta r night, the St. Joseph's Band will give a concert at the Invalid Depot Grounds in aid of the funds of the Tamar Rowing e Club. An additional attraction willbe the presence of Hanlan, the ex-champion scouller, who will present to the successful competitors the sculling prizes won at the regatta. SWE are informedby the secretary of the Y.M.C.A. that already 29000 shares are applied for in the now company, and that on Monday evening nett the shareholders are to be nasked to amend the scheme to one rof" £1000, showing better interest; t viz. 6 per cent., and also to accept an I offer of a suitable plot of land in Cameron I street, made by Mr. J. C, Genders. It in believed that in the course of a couple of weeks the company will he floated. THE City Band will render a splendid e programme of sacred music at the Invalid f Depot Grounds to-morrow evening. The 'qerformance will include the rendition of a he "Dream of Helvetia," with clarionet t solo by Mr. Charles Allison. o A MAN named Naunill was admitted into 7 the Hospital last evening' from Avoca suffering from a broken leg. The man I was engaged on some earthworks, and re r ceived the injury in consequence of a fall f: of earth. He was brought into town by u the train, and is detained in the Hospital I for treatment, .t WoIs the Duchess of Edinburgh re I,: cently went from Malta to Athens, her e' bonnet-box was left behind, As soon as the mistake was discovered a British mian. . of-war was ordered back to Malta for the na missing box, and it was brought on to, Athens, it is stated, at the expense of. a several hundred pounds to the English taxpayer. n1 tnz Duchess of Galliera, who died at n' Paris in December last, aged 73, was a re s markable woman. Her liberalities in e France are estimated at 60,000,000Cr., and. in Italy at 40,000,000fr. Her father, the o Marquis of Brignole Sale, was a Sardinian y statesman and a descendant of Genoese sa Doges. . She married the Duke of Galliera, , agreat railway contractor in France and e Italy, who left her 220,000,000fr. The e Duchess devoted the interest and a con e siderablelpart of the principal to public objects. She gave 25,000,000fr. for har y hour improvements at Genoa, erected two hospitals there, and gave her palace and its contents for a museum. In Paris she gave 40,000fr. or 50,000fr. a n year to the poor. She presented an art n museum to the city at a coot of 5,000,000fr., 2,000,000fr. for free lodging-houses for it working women, 24,000,000fr. for an or on phanage and asylum at Meudon, and d 11,000,000fr. for another, hospital at ,e Clamart. She was a staunch Catholic, and e once sent 1,000,000fr. to Plus IX. (A e million francs is equal to £40,000.) She s, lent her mansion in the Rue de Varennes e to the Orleans family, and the marriage o- reception, which was the plea for their b. banishment, was held there. On the passing fe of the banishment law she withdrew the 1 use of the house from the Orleans family, It and a coolness is said to have ensued se which led her to revoke legacies to them. is Her only son has refused to bear the ducal n title or to profit by his inheritance; but n styles himself" Monsieur Ferrari," and is I professor in a Paris college. l A American paper says Mrs. Langtry will in all probability retire into private Slife after the fulfilment of the contract already made for her coming season. She went upon the stage to make money, and bhas made it. From reliable sources it is learned that her wealth is not far from a n millon dollars. Her commission to her late manager, George Keogh; who is nowin Europe to look up and buy for her a new play, is insignificant, it is said, only in h so far as an investment. When she n does begin her work it is probable that she will follow her usual custom of bhying property in every town where she appears Sthat .Rhe believes to be a thriving place. : This is the secretof her accumulation of wealth. Her real estate is valued at 800,000dol.,andshe has acquired itby her Sown ashrewdness. In New York she holds & sixty or more first mortgages, and she also has considerable landed interests in SBrooklyn, while in Californiap.nd nume Srous western towns her narie spears upon Sthe list of taxpayers and . freeholders. In 1887 she bought ten acres of land in Salt e Lake City for 5000dol. Last season she r, refused 8000dol. for the property. Her n purchase of reality in California last year was 45.000 acres, for which she paid S80,000dol. Lately she refused 200,000dol. for the same. t. AccoDINso to the London Daily Teles a- graph, it has transpired that a large r amount of forged silver coins, estimated be at about ~£95,000 out of a total currency in eh that metal in the United Kingdom of o £20,000,000, is now in the hands of the a public. These coins, which impartially re range from 3d to 2e 6d apiece, cannot be re called spurious, for they are made of. good ty metals but bar silver has fallen during o- the past two years about 4i per ounce, and hence there is a large profit on these he transactions, ranging, it is: calcuated, n- from 50 to 70 per cent. Many of these o- coins are clever imitations of the old.coins sy in circulation,.and they have bden ,re· in turned by the Bank of Englandonlgy pn the he ground that they have not beepispa d by r. the Mint., Operations are believed :to be a- chiefly carried on abroad, andi asdetection is, is almost impossible by the general public rk there is little check upon a further increase he in the supply. e A Tandn days' prophibtioconferenee'.was commencedin Exeter(Lower)Hall, Loadon, he in December last, convened by the Rev. M. of Baxter, who has reently recoverid 'freni * serious indls slition. In an, addIi3eof fron .?. Tu. s ivd, - g ? yu-Ll known passages.' The last day of the pro sent age would he on April 11, 1901, and a the speaker insisted, the second Advent in Mabch, 1890. Among the various points referred to was that the greatest war ever B known in Europel would'happen in 1889 or 1890, changing twenty-three kingdoms into ten; Britain's disasters and loss of territory before 1892; ascension of 144,000 living Chrietians.to heaven without dying, in Marchl, 1890 coming earthquakes, famines, pestilences Christ's Idescent on earth, and the commencement of mil lennium in April, 1901. Tur shipbuilders of the United Kingdom have had reason to be satisfied (writes the As Pall Mall Gaoodle of December 27) with the Od state of their industry during the year. The total toiuid4e for the whole kingdom Pr is estimated at 700,000 tone, an increase of "800,000 tons on 1887, and the nearest de approximation yet made to the total of 1888, which was the great year in the ship building industry. The Clyde has made ar a gfeat advance on the previous three years, altlidilgli the record does not come up to the high level of thp period between 1881 and 1884. The year's ottjiat amounts to 280,000 tone, being an increase of nelrly 95,000 tons on 1887. The number of vessels, re howev'r, are fewer, falling from 826 to 802, *hich shows that a larger class of :vessels had beti built. . Th6 activity has not been confined to a few, ULf bha been felt by the majority of builders. On tho Tyie the tonnage launched has increased at even a greater rate, the total being 218,000 tone, de or an increase of 110,000 tons. _ From the D Wear there have come 142,000 tons, as compared with 84,000 tons in 1887. The of Hartlepools have produced 74,000 tons, F against 53,000 tons s the Tees;57,000 tons, as tl compared with 86,000 tons; and the Humboe and the Mersey also report im provements. Belfast shown a reduction, 80,000 tons being launched in 1888 against 44,000 tons.in 1887, but a prolonged strike w was an obstacle to improvement. Almost universally there has been progress, and the feature of the situation now is the large anmoiln't of tonnage which, remains under construction. d Tan difference in the pos(tBoif, influence, and character of the Empress Frederick D and the present Empress tsays "Atlas" in the World) is one of the most marked features of the German Court. The a influence o? the foftitet over her husband h was unbounded, and their mtopathy on all d subjects stas mutual. The Empress Frederick is a woman of great culture and intellectual capacity, great ambition, and V wide and liberal views on all matters. The preseht tlmpress is the wife of the Emperor and mothef of his children,. and a little anecdote told of her jos good illustration of the difference between the two women, Some of the' ladies of Berlin attended at g the palace the other day to Ipresent the C Empress with a beautifully embroidered apron, which she accepted graciously, adding, "My husband likes me to wear an apron; he thinks that all German wives should do so, and to please him I always wear one." The Empress Frederick was f, always supposed to wear another article of attire not of a feminine description. F FtlaTHa interesting revelations were I made in regard to the effects of the failure of the Victorian land boom at a meeting of shareholders of the FederalLand Com; pany, which was held at Melbourne ion 6th instant. From the A4g8 we learn that from statements made by t the chairman (Mr. F. Derrick) it ap- o t peared that some time since the directors, in conjunction with the directors of the Investment Company of Victoria, jointly \- purchased a block of land at Campbellfield, s at the rate of £50 an acre) presumably f from a Mr. J. Hoelle. It had since transpired that the real proprietors of the land I were Messrs. Runting and Wright, I who were also the iccountants to the Company, but who' only appeared I as the agents conducting the sale. t The price they paid for the land was £40 an acre, which gave them a clear o profit of £8750. Subsequently, also a through Mesars. Rusting and Wright, the, a land bad been sold at a commission to the Royal Standard Investment Company,who, I 11 however, now repudiated the contract, and y Messrs. upnting and Wright offered to sell' 1l the land at the price they originally gave for it-£50 an acre. On the strength of < the contract with the Standard Company a r bill had been given to Mr. Boile, the re- I .u puted purchaser, which was now overdue, Sand the LondonCharteredBankthreatened, e in theevent of the bill not. being met im. I e mediately, to take proceedings against 1 of. the Company. Under the circumstances h the Company had to consider whether they also should note repudiate the original tt sale on the ground of illegality; and to t- enablethodircetors to arriveat adecisionit n was suggested that a committee of share d. holders be appointed to confer with the e directors. This course was eventually n adopted after a rather lively discussion, a during which it transpired that one b, solicitor, who was not the Company's d solicitor, acted for the two companies and e Mr. J. Hoile in the transaction, It wasalso t- stated as probable that the Investment 0 Company of Victoria would repudiate their share in the arrangement, which o would throw the whole burden on the d Federal Company, the position of which is would appear to behby no means rosy. a The Paris Municipal Council have t decided, after a hot discussion, to continue the grant of £6000 a year to the Bataillons r Scolaires, the money to be spent in buying r- mimic guns and uniforms for pupils tooee d poor to procure them'for themselves and in it paying military instructors. d The Shah of Persia is making prepara A. tions for his projected tour in Europe. e Fones of application and information in es oonnecttio with the next examination in the o theor) of music under the aspisoos of the tr Trinity College, London, oan be obtssied from g Mrs. Munnew, and Messrs. Thornton Lewis e and W. W. Thornthwaite. THis sale at Messre. W. T. Bell and Co.'s Charles.street mart today is altered from 12'15 ° TuR Portland Mfedtal League invite appli. al cations for a resident doctor, the practice bhlon it stated to be worth £500 a year. is Tan e.s. Indignant will make an exursion this afternoon to Rosevear's, lesving the wharf at • 2'30 an. returning thereto about 6 y o'clsok. S Tna SEulmmer Hortlaiultral Show of the ct OCmpbbll Town Boclety will be held at the ie Institute Hall on the 21st inst., entries closing d onthe 19th inst. Doors will be open from 8 to is 6 p.m., and from 7 to 10 p.m. A Adjosrned Court of aRevision re the electoral iltriot of Selby is anoonounced to be or held at the realdeose of Mr. Brown, Mayse in street, Iovermsay,.at 11 c.m. on the 21st inst. w The best medicslie.known is iANDERoa ND in Sos' EocaLrPrT ExTeAOT,--Test itoeminent se powerful effect in coughs, colds, infisenea, eto, at The relief is instantaneous. Thousands give the most gratifying teetimony. Mis Miaelty ig the King Of Italy and medioleyndisatossll Sover she globe are its Ipatrons. Read the of. ficial reports that oscompany eash bottle. of Mosler, Is.D., Pro. Unisersity, Griefawold, at reports :-The Eusa. Eitr. proved magnifcently sr 'seseesfal in very severe mntusiens,' braisea. de spmrains, wonds, suldiogs, broken ribs, nd eo ilebs- IMed. Journal, Nov., 1881). - In disease of the kidneys, either aetive con restiesn r suppression I(eiaml, sr al. seumlnuria, dropsy, lithlsis, nsthing will 0 equal in its astion Essalypti Extrost. 0 Doses 5a 8 drops..- St. Louis Med. Journal, Lit *l88ll.-C~soer of the tongns.-Evldesue of e sorofalss dlatohesi,. Prescribed four drops to or be taken three times daily; also toguas wetted a three times daily, eured in fsur weeks.- Slr, M.D. Po UnIversIty, riefswald, re coherent, preleutt lcer with white ex tos. Cured in 14 days.--Srgical Clinic of Prof. I. l'lntyre, Collegeof Phystcin and Sursebes, e S.:Lo ls. - ?olrrhne of breast -- Exision. beat, cr dheslaurat?o, Cu.bed is 1 dayi.-- Wholesale Depots for Tasumania--L. of Fairthorne and Saon, and HatSon and Laws. e Retailed by cbheniste and storekeepers at 1s 9d ly and 9,S d per bottle. .. 6 .e BoL.Owar's Ouorxrna.aon PhIs.--During D, every break of,wlntry weather easrtaon? ahohld be. made by the sfflisted ti rsovsr bealth before.aoermittig sold and trying stoems set , i Throat ailmena. ough, hs eeins, ' asttieaa affetioin, asbortnos oefbrkath, : memuing naoeeaand asesmuitlhas of phlegm e can readily be removed by rtbbing this fine as 'derivaties Ointment' twrie a day upon ehe . ebestlaud seck.., Holloswc's tesatinest is estreogly recommended with the view of giving immediata sass, preseqtog prespective dasger. cad effectidg pearmnsnt: relief. Thessl ll important 'nds his Oolntment and Pills asn D aeomplisa, and will surely present Iasidious li' disesees firm'sfitealg 'on the eomtltution'to s 'displaf thtnelelves atferwards in thoss discs. tren.fores that will probably embitter life till Sdeatli itself istlmost paysd for. n, A~Al " " 'said sa moralising bachelor, r. whit oleca o'~heot yoang Lad ofthe ef r""thou ci5 ,Id 'ikeat blthmbrt a U. doo1ed to so;tacyiom* t."' 