THIS STORY-TELLER. A. WOSiAN'á G0UR&.G8. Kite Mitchell was ouo of those unfor- tunates whoso surplus physical energies distinguishes thein from others of their sex. As a child, 6he was kuown as a " tomboy," aud prim mothers held her up as an awful warning to their little daugh- ters, while iu her own home the question of how to subdue her buoyant spirits was wrestled over with tru5 maternal solici- tude, Whoii she grow qp society frowned upon, her as a "hoyden," aud her way was beset wi$h thorns. At 18 she could rjw a:-id swim aud ride aud play lawn tenuis like a boy. S ho was a great walker, and upon ono occasion had gope on a two days' tramp with her brpther and a couple of friends- ? feat which alone would haye sufficed to ¿dice her under a bau in the best society. That she sang like a bird, danced like a sylph, and was altogether a very amiable, pure minded girl, was a small oflrset for the sum of her iniquities, and although she wa? exceedingly popular among a set of youug tuen and irresponsible beys, con- er vati ve circles frowned upon her, and it was geuerally understood that she was a young person of most radical and dangerr gus tendencies. lt was, therefore, a matter of polite, regret when the aunouueomout of her pouring nuptial with ono of the same con- servative circle ' was received. Toih Middleton was a promising young lawyer pf irreproachable manners.' lt had been generally understood' that Tom's ideal was of a different type and more after the pattern of tho gentler women with ' whom he bad boon accustomed to associate. His intimate friend and boou companion, Jack Spencer, who had always disap- proved of Kate, undertook to pose as the j mouthpiece ot' public opinion, and echoed j its sentiments in Tom's unwilling cu-. T<»m s'ood Htauuchly by his colors, but his friend's WOHIH saul: dee» iut.i his soul, nevertheless. Ho secretly resohoil that, for his sake and her own, Kate must be " toned down.'' Ho suecoe led oven b fyoud his hopos. Niue years after her marriage tow would have recognised in the quiet, repressed womau the gay and spirited girl of'former days. Kate was fond of her husband and the alchemy of love had wrought this change; hut it is a dangerous thing to meddle with spiritual chemistry as well as the f'/i'ees of matt-rial world, and if Tom had known what pent up longings and rebellious i.icliuafiona raga I beaeuth Iiis wife's quiet exterior he ini<rhb have roi»ejjt )d his success, But he went, on callously aud blindly, as men will when dealing with delicate forces which th«y cann it und Tstaiid. au I K-i'e kept her grievances ti herself. Two children ea.no -tho elder a girl, a fiery, uutame 1 little creature who made the mother's h^art I ache ns she saw in the child a reflex of herself; the oilier a boy, sturdy, délibérât i like his father. Wheu the children grow larger and needed room f ir oxereise and outdoor air which their city home would tiot alford thcjr took up their rosediucc iu a suburban home not so far away but that Tom could travel back aud forth daily and at owl gto his business in the ueighbouring town, aud it is hero that our story fiuds them. Cue damp autumn day Elate stood at her window gazing out upon the landscape. It had beeu a dull, tiresome week. Sev- eral days before Tom lind started off ou a loug promise! vacation, which was to be dedicated to a hunt in the rauges in com- pany with a party of friends. She was, tüiukíutr, with envy, of this (muting party and ,wou leriug half-bittarly, why amuse- ments that were conceded to be proper aud healthful for men should uot be heal- thful aud proper for womeu. How she would have enjoyed the loug tramps over tho hills, the excitement of the hunt, the joy of holdiug a gun on her shoulder and kuowiug that she could sight aud shoot with (he best of them ! She felt a wicked solace as she thought of tho showers that had fallen iu the valley and the clouds that had hung contantly o vea the rauges. She was lonely, dull aud cross and chafed against herhedged-iu li'e with its uarrow bound-tries, its senseless resfaiuis. There was a rush of feet through tho house ; the d<i<tr of her roora opened and the children hurst in. " Mamma, the croek is up ! fake us donn to see it!" The childish longing for novelty and excitement found au instant echoe iu her heart. They had run iu from outdoor play ani were bonneted aud cloaked. As for her, it was refreshing to evade Bridget s vigilaut eye and to steal out of the front door in her loose house-dress, bareheaded aud with worsted slippers on her feet. Tlpy folio wei a garden path for a little distance and then entered by a road leading to a pla *e which was gener- ally dry but over which now swept a seething, tempestuous fl-jod. As they looked au 1 liefen xl K-ifa realised that this was no ordinary freshet, but t''<5 product of a heavy raiui'yil over the whole vast watershed, which hal accumulated its forces iu thousands of tiny rivulets aud, joining issu j with the mountain stream, plunged down j ts narrow chaunel a mighty and irresistible power. Even as they looked she saw a wall of water suddenly rear up above and come dowu towards them like a miniature tidal wave. A dam built up creek had given way ! They ran back from the shore to higher ground, and not a moment too soon. The stream rose several feet in a second. It cut into the solid bank« on either side and bushes aud young trees rooted up and sucked in by the greeley current went spiuuing by. A giant pine wavered, fiting out its bare aud skeleton limbs as if in ghostly protest, and fell far out into thc sttvaro, interlocking its branches with « sturdy oak which stood ou the opposite bank while its trunk, loosely anchored by long snake-like roots, tossed helplessly in midstream. " Mamma! See the big boards coming i' cried out her little daughter. Kate looked far up-stream and saw i great timber sailing leisurely along. Non it caught pu a projecting snag and swunp half about, now it struck on a submergée island and idly disengaged itself aud sauntered on. Behind if was another anf yet another-the stream was black witl there. " Oh, heavens ! Tho railroad bridge !' The railroad bridge' and the aftordooi train nearly due; soon tb rnsh down J steep grade to leap into that yawnta' chasm.' Her first impulse was to start u] tlje canon, but she instantly checked her 'self. ' What folly, when miles of overflow lay betweeu her aud the doomed train Word must be sent dowu to the statioi and from there a telegram to the nex stopping place above the bridge. Bu how? The boy! Jim had gone an hou before to the village to get the mail an have Iiis daily gossip with the lounger:* of tho place. Even if ho were hore, uciihor horse n >r man was fleet enough lo c-iver tho circuitous road that lay be- tween. Tuen slio looked at I he prostrate piue. Down the stream leisurely but nearer and nearer still sailed the great timbers. '.Miriaii, take l ille brother mid go utraigut to thu hms-* and stay there tii 1 mamma comes bai-k." She had already pulled herself up by ouj of the io tts and was creeping stealthily ulong the swaying trunk, tíere her dress caught on a branch, there she had to climb down and crawl along with her feet under tho water to avoid an up- ward limb. Once sue slipuod and 3<»st hohl and was nearly sucked ii to t te eddying current, but she caught at a stout pr.ij'ictiou aud swung hersch up agaiu. Sile could hear the swas i of tho heavy tin.hers up-stream as they rocked lazily upon the water, but she did not dare to look. Bjfore her th) main trunk nf tho treo was lost, and shs saw two diverging limbs, one low in fie water, tUe other locked with tho oak mid-air. Wuieh to tak '? ? She dared nut hesitate, but began a perilous climb al.mg the uppir limb, slippery aud naked in places, wavering so that she grew giddy and shut her eyes to keep from falling. Aud so, lying prone upon it, hand over hand, she crept tho entire length. Thc great stick of timber struck heavily against the falleu pine aud just as Kate swung herself into the branches of tho oak she f-jit her support give way, aud with a groin and a crash and ftild up tossing of its sksletou arms, the old tree tore loose from its moorings and swept down stream towards thc bay. Her bauds torn and bleeding, Kate Middleton reached solid gronnd at length, aud first her maternal instinct asserted itself, and she looked back and saw her childron standing still and looking after her. She pointed with a gesture that they dared not disobey, aud saw them turu and run up the lane, tuen sped along her way. She was not light of foot as in her girl- hood ; whereas she was ouce fl ¿ct as a deer, and swift motion was a very joy to her, she now realised that she was growing to be a stout and middle-aged woman. Sh« moved heavily and clumsily aud laboured for breath, aud her feet were like clods beneath her. There was a mile of r m<h aud rocky ground t> be covered before she reached the station, and til« train-oh, but to p.tssess once¡ more the agility of her girlhood ! Which would ha first P Would the j train, flying across the upper levels of the ! coast range, reach tho next station before ; thc woma i had sent her message of warning? How many times she asked the question she could not have told. She scarcely dared hope that she migh tbe iu time. Her heart seemed ready to hirst with grief for the terrible misery threitouing so many happy homes. Alas! for th<i orp'ian children who might cry aloud to hm ven that uight! AUs! for fathers aud mothers whom tho morrow might be- hold bowed down with s jr row! Alas ! for husbands and wives Siie was crossing the hid of one nf the many abandoned channels of the im- petuous stream, a r icky pathway, strewn witli the spoils of bygone freshets, wiere even then a shallow tstreara was rippling past, token of tiie torrent's surplus force. She faltered, smitten hy a new and awful thought. What if Tom- Tom, who wa? not t.» come for two days more; Tom, who had started out in an altogether different direction-should have cut short his excursion ; or, with his party, driven home by the continued rains, somehow waudered to one of the upper stations and boarded the train. Where was her vaunted physical strength now ? What was she, after all, but a weak, wretched woman, with trembling limbs, every muscle clogged by this great horror that had taken posses- sion of her, a fierce pain gripping at her heart, something rising in her throat which Kttifocated her, her eyes blinded with babyish tears? Thank Gf-od! her brain kept clear and true to its purpose and urged on the flagging body. Qn, on, over little hillocks, across level stretches of sand, down new ravines she ran. Once she cut her foot cruelly upon a sharp stone and remembered, for the first tinm that she had on the light worsted slippers she had worn in the house and had care- lessly'neglected to exchange, for walking boots when she started down to the creek witli her children. ''She even bethought I herself that her loose house dress was scarcely the style of apprael in which she j would like to present herself at the sta- ! tion, could she haye her choice, and in the \ Bame breath sent up a prayer' of thank fulness for its 'light weight, which scarcely encumbered her movements, With all the rest of her senses dulled, hearing become preternaturally sharp.' She seemed to hear the clatter of the approaching train twelve miles away. The throb, throb, throb the engine kept pace with her beating heart. She heard the hollow echoes from the neighbouring bills as the train crept over embankments, its deafening clamour as it rushed across trestle-work, its dull rumble as it rolled over solid ground. Sho eveu seemed to see the engineer a« he lani his haud eu tue escape-valve, ready to give the irou mons- ter voice as it ne:irod the little station, theu tue wild shriek of the escapiug stearn, the clangour of tho bell, tiie puff, mitt', us the train 6Íackeuoil spiiud, the clatter of the braked, tho jangle of tho couplings. Would sh j never reach the little station-house no.v plainly in Hig.it at the eud of tho straight, smooth road ? ¡á¡¡o w.-is passing tue p >st-ollire woore people idly gazed at bor. Waat matter! il! omy tuera were a horse and h-ig^y hi sight to help her on her way ! If -o.uy mn; of tlie lounge s would understand and lak'i up tim inisbi ui wniüh her sp.«;t t-l^vigth seemed inadequate to fuuil ! li.tt uno might not turn aside. Un the depot platform moro louugors, Jim among them rolling a quid of tobacco in ins cheek aud talking earnestly about the state of tue weather and tue prospects of the crops. They all looked upon her as a mad woman us s.ie ran past mein. Jim muttered au expletive under his breath, moved ny tue streng indigna- tion that must always p.isses a self-res peeling sur vaut when master or mistress does something derogatory to tho dignity of his " family." The stationmaster was in his office talk- ing with a geutlemau who had ernie dowu from tba mount lins and was waiting t > take the train to the city. Jbfe WAS clad in a hunting suit and was talking wita some excitement. " It has rained ail the week," he was sayiug; "you thiuk it rains here iii the flat, but, great gans! yon should bo up in tiie rangos in a otjrm. Sheets aud sheets of it and the wiud blowing ¡ike a hurri- cane. We broke camp josterday. I took a bee-line down here. The rest crossed the hills so the statiou above. They'll be down ou the four-o'clock." Voice aud speaker were familiar to the woman who stood in the doorway, both hands presse ! to h jr panting breast. The words came only toj distinctly to her quickened senses. Then her premonit'ous were tme au i Tom-Tom was on that fated train. Again her body reeled, but her steady brain saved her. " Stop the traiu ! The bridge is gone !" she cried. Both men looked np, startled at tho words. With the prompt movement of u mau trained to obey or Jere, the agent, leaped to his instrument ; the other man, slower to comprehend, came forward, tho look of amazement eu his face as he j viewed the singular apparition in the doorway, giving place t > amused indul- j geuce as lie recognised tho speaker. ] What an eccentric, impetuous girl Kate Mitchell always was aud what a Ufo she j must letd Tom Middleton ! I " This is quite au unexpected pleasure, j Mrs. Middleton," he said smiling. j She waved him back with a single im- j poriuus gesture. There was a brief silence. Tho op?rat ir listened intimity with his head resting on his hand. Kate Middleton remained standing iu the door- 1 way, her hands clasped low, her face blanche! with dread aud all her soul ab- sorbed in listening. Jack Spencer slowly comprehending tiie meauiug of the scene waited, his interest growiug with every moment's delay. At last it came, the monotonous click, ! click, conveying its portentous message in a language unknown to two of the j three listners. The operator arose from his chair. ¡ " Just iu time. The traiu was pulling out of the station, but they stopped her." i Kate Middleton clutched at the door-1 way. For the first time iu her life lier j hoad gave way. She was again on the swaying pine and the limb was cracking, breaking, going down. She felt the water ou her face and opened her eyes to find.Jack Spencer supporting her head, and the station agent pouring ice-cold water over her. " She'll be all right in a minute," said Jack, cheerfully. "Now, Mrs. Middle- ton, with your permission, I'll see you hqme." She borrowed a hat and cloak from, the station agent's wife. Jim brought up the horses. Jack Spencer hauded her iuto the waggon with grave courtesy and they drove off. Some of the loungers, dimly understanding what she had done, looked on curiously. That was all. No fuss, no formal tributes, no speech- making, even from the two who understood. There was nb deputation of strong men to tender her public tribute iu voices' shaken by sobs. Contrary to all tradition, and unlike any hero or, heroine who over saved atraiy from wreck! she was on the wrong side of the bridge, and the people most deeply concerned were nine miles ¿way! Neither honour nor praise awaited Kate iu her own home. Bridget scolded her and put her to bed, and declared that she " wud surely catch her death a cold, au' she desarved it well," and tried to save her from the consequences of her mis- deeds at the same time. Of the children, Harry stubbornly resented her base deser- tion of them on the bank of the raging I stream, aud Marian, with her mothers 1 spirit of a iventure st rou* "po i her, terri- fied the household by avowing lier inten- tion of going across the water on a tree the first time she could escape parental authority. The mother had her reward, neverthe- less. Lat» that nig.it. when the children were asleep aud Bridget hal relaxed guard, Kate escaped from bod an I, dou uiug a wrapper aud a shtwl, laid herself down upon tho lining.» buford tho open fire to enjoy s-MUUiug the da;Jy paper. Tho rain " fill steadily witaont, so (steadily i ii.-it tiie souu i of a horse's hoofs coming up th»* widden driveway was scarcely distinguishable from the patter of the rain-drops. K ito st-ir:ed up us she heard a step mit-ido the door ; another momoiit nut Tom was bcfire her, lo iking very so emu, like a ue.vly materialised ghost. .'Tom?" shecriîd, shirply, aud then she seemed to cower before him: yet not before him, but. the horror of the after- noon, which again des '.ended upon her and took pussessinu of her. Tom, her husband, might have bseu one of that grisly throng of maug.ed, crushed, deal and dying phantoms of the might-have bseu, ever to-turiug h<r meut al vision. Sue presse ! her hands over her eyes, as if they might bar out the sight. Oil, you ou¿ht n it ; you never should do such a thing," she said. After ail, she had nerves, and they had been surely tired that day. " What do you nrau f" gravely do nnuded Tom. This was indeed a sorry greeting after all he had been through. " You should'ut have come home iu this nuoxp3cted way; you should let people . know when yon arc coming." "Kate," said Tom solemnly, seating himself ou tho sofa aud drawing her dowu beside him, " you will speak differently when you know h<*w n-ar I came to not comiug home at. «ll ; I have travelled twelve miles on horseback over a rough road to get here to nig-tt. We wera just starting out of Prescita when we were notified that the bridge three miles below there, six miles above he.tr, Kate- had been carried away." "How did you find out?" Kite was herself again. There was a litt le ' wiuklo in her oyes, but lier lip trembled. " As to that," replied Tom, *' reports are somewhat vague. Bat ali a:couuts agree it was a woman. And. she did wonderful things. The gatekeeper's wife, I believe. Floated dowu stre.iiu on a timber, somebody said. ¡Started, all dripping, for the station, and got there in an uucouscionably short time. Not a minute to spare. If it hadn't been for her!-oh, it was a wonderful feat every- body says." " But how-very-unladylike !" said Kate, iu a shocked voice, stooping to pick up something from the floor. " Unladylike !" cried Tot«, excitedly. " I tell you, Kite, that was something worth while. - Very different from your lawn teuuis practice, When a woman pu s her strength to such a use-aud such a stra-u it must have been, by Jove ! Why, Kate, J doubt if you could nu much as walk to towu aul hack. But when a woiuau s ivas two or three hundred lives at oue stroke- My goodness Kata ! What have you bjou doiugto your foot?" For Mrs. Middleton had unconsciously pubbed tiie wounded foot into sight, aud its load of bandages piled up by Bridget's clumsy fingers and fiuisLed with a red fliunel swathing was indeed calculated to strike terror t> the beholder. " I-I took a little walk to-day." re- plied Kate, guiltily, trying to hide the foot again beneath the hem of her dress. " But don't let us talk about that, Tom. I'm sor.ry I seemed queer and cold when you came in. I wasn't feeling well and you-you looked so. It made me shiver." Like many people who are dauntless in the presence of real danger, Kate had all her life been shy of praise. If she could have kept the knowledge of her escapade, as she had mentally termed it, from her husbaud, she would gladly have done it. But, stupid as he was-in some ways, ob? tuse as he was, he was not to be put off in this way, He was already on his knees beside her, cutting threads, removing pins and undoing cloths, in spite of her pro7 tests, until he disclosed a little foot, purple with bruises and with an ugly, gaping cqt on one side. " No wonder you are not yourself to? night. A ' little walk!' I should say so. Kate, what have you been up to now ?" " I had on my slippers," confessed the culprit, " and--there wasn't time to change them. Let it alone, Tom. ' It'll be all right to-morrow." '* " A . little walk I' " persisted Tom " Great Caesar, Kate,' you are not fo b§ trusted alo'he any moro ^han, a iwo-year. ól^ babe; PU never dare to go off and leave you again," " If I hadn't taken my little walk, you -yoiv~-yeu mightn't have had the chance ! cried poor Kate, cornered at last. " My sonl !" cried Tom, a light dawn- ing upon him at last; "it was yon." I think he kissed the little lame, bruised feet. I am afraid he did a great many foolish tilings and humbled himself most lamentably to show Iiis love fur Iiis b'avo young witt', bis p.ida in her and his con- trition. There was a purse made up hy I he passengers on the train that fateful da/ to reward tho plucky wouinu who had saved them from such a frightful disaster, but they were naver able to find her out. The station-master and Jack Spencer kept their secret well. Tue only Hub script ion that ever readied its decli- nation was Tom Middleton's. His wife sometimes wears a very ugly bracelet set with n coulple of very large and ponder- ous gold coins. Wucu people question her ab mt it she replies that it is a medal Tom nuce awarded her for a race she won It ia generally understood that she refers ti some robing match or some horseback ride, for there ure b .ats on the p.md now, saddle horses iu Tom's stable and a tennis court ou tiie lawn. But even as she answers. Kate sees again the railroad train with its precious living freight, thundering on tu destruction and a woman, bare-headed, wild eyed, with draggled dress and bleeding feof, ricing desperately across a rough country, iu. a mad effort to avert the impending dangar. 