O d d s and E n d s . It's all up— With the balloonist. An attractive paper — Fly paper. Hard to beat— A wet carpet. Sic Transit— Crossing the ocean. The rate that a ship travels at is knot stated. A ghost of a show — A spiritualistic seance. Speaking of blowing people up, the kerosene can. Thieves are bound to their profession by hooks of steal. When a meter is out of order, it is probably troubled with the gas-trick fever. When is a newspaper sharpest ? When it is filed. Toot terrible — The blast of the amateur cornet player. When the captain wants to stop the vessel, does he hoist a stay-sail ? One may screw up his courage and have his attention riveted. Why is the figure 9 like a peacock ? Because it is nothing without its tail. It is said— ironically perhaps — that blacksmiths forge and steel every day. What a difference it makes whether you put "Dr." before or after a man's name. " A little thing may completely upset a man," observed Smith when he stumb led over the baby. " Why are you always so blue, Scrib bler ?" "Because," said the author, " I'm so very seldom read." The book reviewer, unlike other liter ary men, can do his best work when in a critical condition. "I aim to tell the truth." "Yes," interrupted an acquaintance, "but you are a very bad shot." "How doth the busy little bee ?" Well, if you meddle with him much, you will be apt to find out how he doth. Brown : So your girl's father showed you the door ? Jones : He did Brown : How did you feel over it ? Jones : Well, I felt put out. Smith (to milkman) : I'll have to ask you to chalk it up. Milkman abstract edly : Oh, that's all been attended to — oh— er — beg pardon ; certainly, take your own time. " Do you believe there is any such thing as luck ?" asked a young man of a bachelor. "I do ; I've had a proof of it." "In what way ?" "I was refused by five girls when I was a young man." " What makes you jam everybody up in this corner ?" yelled a man in a crowd, to a policeman. "I want to preserve order," replied the policeman, as he pro ceeded to pound a man into jelly. " Say, mister, your dog bit me." " The deuce he did ?" "Yes, and I want to know what you are going to do about it." "Do about it ? Oh, never mind. I'll give the dog an emetic and he'll get over it." Considerate mother (to governess) : " Miss Smith, don't let Alfred and Jeannie sit down on the damp grass for fear they should catch cold. When they are tired, you can sit down and take them on your lap." Smith : You take it pretty easy, Jones ; you must have a good salary ? Jones : H-m. Ye-es. Pretty fair. I draw twelve hundred a year, save say one hundred, and run in debt seven hun dred—and if a bachelor can't live on that, he ought to be ashamed of himself. TWISTED ENGLISH. Four men played cricket-single wicket. One was named Hunn, one was Dunn, one was Wunn, and one was Nunn. Runn went in first, got one run, got run out, and so was done ; then Nunn got one and Dunn got none ; but Wunn got three and won. If Runn had run faster, he would have got two runs, and Dunn might have got one too, yet these two would then have got only as many as Wunn. If Wunn had not run, Runn might have won, but when Nunn had done, Dunn got none, and so Wunn won. " We never furnish a knife with pie," said a prim waiter at a Keokuk, Iowa, boarding-house. "Then bring me the axe," cried the new boarder in despair. A PETITION TO THE QUEEN. It is not often that one monarch petitions another in these days, especially under such romantic circumstances as those, which we have now to consider. Very many of our readers will be person ally acquainted with Mr. Tommy Dower, King of the Perth and Fremantle natives, and we also have the pride and pleasure of the acquaintance of that monarch. On Monday last, his Majesty, who is by no means proud, condescended to call at this office, and requested us to publish the subjoined petition to the Queen of England, which we understand is to be forwarded to Windsor Castle by the next mail. It is addressed "To Her Gracious Majesty, Queen Victoria, Windsor Castle, England," and is as follows : " Tommy Dower travelling with John Forrest, also Alex. Forrest, and who claims to be the first man who discovered the Kimberley District, begs to intimate to Your Most Gracious Majesty that he considers he is entitled to a small annuity for his most valuable services rendered to the Government of the colony of Western Australia. Hop ing that this will receive Your Majesty's consideration, I remain, Your Most Gracious Majesty's humble subject, THOMAS DOWER, King of the Perth and Fremantle natives." The voluntary re cognition by King Tommy of the suzer ainty of Queen Victoria, should be grati fying to Her Majesty's feelings, and in duce a ready compliance with King Tommy's modest request. We have hitherto been under the impression that Mr. Alex. Forrest was the discoverer of Kimberley, but if King Tommy is really entitled to the distinction, Mr. Forrest should not only gracefully give the credit to whom it is due, but might also resign his seat in the Legislature in favor of His Majesty, as that institution sadly needs new blood. — Morning Herald. JOTTINGS FROM MY NOTE-BOOK. Words Worth Remembering. — A broken friendship may be soldered, but will never be sound. A burthen of one's own choice is not felt. A clear conscience can bear any trouble. A courageous foe is better than a cowardly friend. A covetous man makes a halfpenny of a farthing, and a liberal man makes sixpence of it. A deluge of words, and a drop of sense. A forgetful head makes a weary pair of heels. A friend is not so soon forgotten as lost. A friend's frown is better than a fool's smile. A good example is the best sermon. A good name keeps its lustre in the dark. A good word is as soon said, as a bad one. A house filled with guests is eaten up and ill-spoken of. A joke never gains an enemy, but often loses a friend. A lie begets a lie, till they come to generation. A FEW PARTICULARS ABOUT THE EVER FAITHFUL AND FRIENDLY DOG. BY LUKE SHARP. It is curious how great men differ about little things. Sir Walter Scott liked dogs. I don't. A dog is sup posed to be necessary on an amateur farm. He keeps the amateur cow out of the amateur garden, and teaches the amateur hog to know its place. At least the ideal amateur dog is supposed to do all this for the amateur farmer, besides biting a sample out of every obstructive amateur tramp who comes along. My various dogs never would do any of these useful things. He was either so cowardly, that he would run when the cow charged at him with her head, or he seemed to think the cow and the hog had the run of the garden anyhow, and then he would run and gambol and bark joyously and aid them friskily in trampling every living thing into the moist and fruitful earth. A villainous De roiter, whom I hope some time to meet, in a dark alley when I have a stout walking cane in my hand, sold a dog to me. No burglars would come round while that dog was on guard. The animal was warranted to be part bull-dog, part mastiff, with a strain of blood-hound running through his compo sition. ' He looks rather formidable,' I said, ' and the price is pretty high.' ' Well,' it doesn't pay to have a cheap dog around a house. You want the best. You wouldn't be satisfied with a shoddy dog.' ' But he looks so surly.' ' Oh, he looks surly— I admit that. But he's as kind as a kitten when you get to know him, and when he knows you.' ' Well, I don't know about that. Seems to me I'd be afraid to lead that dog home, unless he was attached to an iron rod so that I could keep him at a distance.' Oh, that's all right. I'll fix that for you. I'll take the dog to your place and chain him up. You feed him for a few days till he gets to know you. Then let the children feed him for a while, till he knows them, then every thing's lovely. You let him loose, and after that he'll stay round the place, and you can't even make him growl at any of you. But he'll keep the place clear of tramps, you can bet your boots on that.' So the dog was chained up at the stable. We riveted the chain to the stable so that, if he went cavoorting round the place, he would have to drag the stable with him, and that, I thought, would soon tire out even the strongest of dogs. That night I walked home. The horse had got out of the field a couple of days before, and had gone off visiting somewhere, and I got down town and back on foot those days. When I reached the place, I saw the dog sitting in the middle of the lawn with a bit of broken chain attached to his collar. From the expression on his face, I saw he imagined that he, and not I, owned the place. I spoke some endearing words to him, but the moment I put my hand to the gate latch, he bounded down there with a perfect hideous snarl that showed his tusks, and his general opinion of me. I retired to the middle of the road. There was a deserted, haunted-house appearance, about my suburban resi dence that appalled me. I walked up and down the front of the place, and the dog walked up and down with me, but happily kept inside the fence. I shouted myself hoarse for the hired man, but there was no answer. Finally the servant girl appeared on the balcony of the tower, and making a speaking tube of her hands — for the house stands well back from the road — yelled some infor mation to me. The dog had kept them in siege since 11 o'clock in the morning. He had kept out the grocery waggon, the butcher's cart, and the iceman. Had I brought anything to eat with me ? 'No,' I shouted back. 'There's not a bite in the house,' yelled the girl. ' Let the dog in and there will be,' I answered with an attempt at jocularity. ' Where's Mike ?' I cried. ' He's on the roof of the stable.' Well, tell him to come down. I'll keep the attention of the dog till he gets into the house. Open the kitchen door, and tell him he'll find a gun and some cartridges in the armoury. Let him blaze away at the dog, while I go round by the back.' In a short time, Mike appeared on the balcony with the gun in his hand. ' Did you find the cartridges, Mike ?' I did that, sor, but they don't fit in the gun, an' I can't find the ramrod.' ' There's no ramrod. It's a breech loader. Press on that lever on top and open it.' Mike fumbled around it for a long time, and at last I saw he had it open. ' I'm afraid I've broken it, sor. I don't understand them new fangled------- ' 'That's all right, Mike, put in the cartridges and snap it shut again.' I thought I was well out of range, but the first shot came much nearer winging me, than hurting the dog. But the brute never took that into account at all. It simply got howling mad at the insult, and sprang over the fence on the road. I made a dash through the gate and up the ladder of the windmill. The dog bounded back again, and began going round and round the foot of the windmill with ghoulish glee. Mike's next shot rattled above my head among the machinery of the mill. ' Mike, Mike,' I yelled. 'Stop shooting !' But Mike was in action — with the roar of musketry in his ears and he could hear nothing else. He blazed away while I clung to the ladder. Sometimes the shot knocked a picket off the fence, and sometimes a blade off the windmill forty feet above, but both the dog and myself seemed to bear charmed lives. ' Have I hit him, d'ye think ?' shouted Mike, pausing a moment. ' I don't think you have Mike,' I said despondently. ' Load up the gun and come down. If he runs at you, wait till he's close, and then blow him to pieces.' I don't know what the result of this stratagem would have been, for Mike was very slow in getting down, and before he appeared, the Detroit Bicycle Club passed up. The dog had evidently never seen a parade of this sort before, and he promptly sprang over the fence and chased them. I never saw him again. If he is yet alive, any one who finds him may keep him. 