THE DEATH SHIP- A STKANOE STOTtY ; an account of a cruise in tiih flying dut0hman, collected from the papers of the late mil geoffrey funton, of poplar, master mariner. \- By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of " The \Y reck of tho Grosvonor," " Tho Goldon Hope," ike., ike. All Rights Reserved, CHAPTER XXI.— Continued. I ehonld-gpcedily grow tedious were I to bo minute in my description of what I saw, yet I must venture a short way in this direction. In one box there were fitted four travs, each tray divided into several compartments, and every compartment was filled with precious stone.', set in rings, bracelets, bangles and the like, and with golden ornaments, such as birds for the hair, brooches, necklets, chninn for wearing ' about the waiet or neck, and other Ruch things of prodigou9 value and beauty of device. "1 asked leave to examine some of those objects, aud on picking them up, noticed that some were of a much more antique character than others, insomuch that I said to Miss Imogene in English, <( I suspect that much of these splen dors our friend will have collected at different periods," She answered in our tongne, " He can tell you what he purchased at Batavla, or what was consigned to him for delivery at Amsterdam, but his memory after that is a blank, and the last wreck bo can Tecall, in which he found several quintals of silver and un minted gold, is the Yryhcid that he met — I cannot tell where — in n sinking condition." u There is more treasure aboard than this 1" cried I. "Much more!" she replied. Then turning to Vanderdeckcn, who had fixed his eyes on me without moving his head, she said, "I am tell ing Mr. Fenton that these chests represent but a handful of the treasure injthis ship." ? 14 1 am dazzled by what I see, mynheer," said I, speaking whilst Prins raised the trays, dis closing many hund?eds of guineas' worth of ornaments and stones. "Had I but the value of one of these ttays alone this should be my last voyage." "Ayl" said he, "there la mnch that is beautiful here. Much that will yield good sums. But a largo number of the articles in that chest belong to a merchant ; there are likewise consignments, and my own share is bnt a speculation." The other chest had, but one tray, in which lay many golden crucifixes of different sizes, goblets, flagons, candlesticks, all gold, whilst beneath were numbers of a kind, of small bricks or bars of pewter, which Miss Imogeno told me were gold that had beeu disguised in this way as a blind to the pirates. In addition wore several great canvas bags, into which Prins, moving always as an automaton, thrust his hand, bringing forth different sorts of coins, such as rix-dollars, ducatoons, ducats, Batavlan rupees, Spanish dollars and even schellings, worth no more than six stivers apiece. There is a pleasure in looking at bright add parkling objects, at the beauty of gold worked into Btrange or fantastic shapes, at jewels and stones in their multitude, gleaming out in 20 color9 at once. And had I been a piccaroon or a woman, I could not have snrveyed this collec tion with sharper delight, though I hope yoti will not suppose that I felt tho buccaneer's tbirst for the things. Bnt when my glance went to Vanderdeckcn all the shining seemed to die out, and the richest of the jewels to lose its glory. I said to Miss Imogenc, pointing as I spoke to the chests, that Vanderdeckcn might supposo we talked of the . treasure in them, " He does not appear to care the snap of a finger for what is there. If the sense of possession is dead in him, why should ho take whatever ho can find of jewels, gold or silver, from the ships in which be is fortunate enough to find such things ?" "If lyour brain will not help you to such, matters, how should mine?" she replied, with a faint smile. "The idea has never bafore occarred to me, but bo 'sure 'tis a part of bis punishment. He inav feel no pleasure in the possession of his wealth, yet ho knows it is on board, and it may be intended to render ovory gale that beats him back more and more bitter and hard by delaying him;from carrying his cargo home," This was shrewdly imagined, I thought, though it did not satisfy me, because, since 'twas sure that he bad lost recollection of pre ceding gales, succeeding ones could not gain in bitterness. In truth, wo were afloat in a fear ful and astonishing Mystery, from which my eagerness ;to deliver the sweot and fra grant girl by my side grew keener with every look of hers that met mine, and with every glance I directed ab the captain ami around the ancient interior that timo had sickened to the complexion of the death which worked this ship in the forms of men. Having satisfied me with a sight of these treasures, Vanderdeckeu ordered Prins to have the chests removed, and we then returned to the tablo to smoko out the tobacco that re mained in our pipes.' CHAPTER XXII.— Imogens and I are much togeti1br. The storm blew with steady fury for six days, driving the tall fabric to leeward to a distance of many leagues every 24 hours, the course of the drift being, as I should suppose — for it was im possible to put much faith in the compasses — about south-eaRt by cast, the larboard tacks aboard and the ships "ratching" nothing. It was so coatiuuons and heavy, this gale, that it began to breed a feeling of despair io me, for I felt that If such weather lasted many weeks it - would end in settiug us so far south that we should be greatly out of tho road takon by ships rounding the Cape, and so remote from the land, that should Vanderdecken desire to careen or water his vessel it would occupy us months to fetch tho coast, so the the prospect of escaping with Miss Imogene grew small and gloomy. But Imogeno was never in the least degree discomposed. She was .so useu to the ship that its movements wore to her what the steadiness of dry land is to other women. She seldom came on dock, however. Indeed, the gusts and guns were often so fierce- coming along like thunderbolts throngh tho gale lt&lf; — that any one of them catching her gowu might have carried her light figure overboard. Moreover, twenty-four hours after the galo set in it drew up. thick as mud ; tho horizon was brought within reach of a muskctshot; and out of this thickness blew the rain, in straight lines, mixed with the shower ing off tho beads of the seas ; the sky hung steady, of the color of slate— no part lighter or darker than another, but so low that it appeared as if a man could whip his hand into it from our masthced whenever those reeling spars came pluuib. As it gave me no pleasure to linger on deck in such weather, you may suppose that AEisa Imogeno and I were much together below. Often a whole morning or afternoon would pass without a i soul entering the cabin where wo sat. Whether Vanderdecken was pleased that Imogeno had a companion— a fellow- countryman, with whom she could con- converse and so kill the time which lie would suspect from her recent fit of weeping hung heavily on 'her spirits ; or that, having himself long passed those marks which timo sets up at the boundaries of human passions, he was at incapablo of suipecting that Imo gene and I should fall In love, as ho clearly was of perceiving tho passaga of. years; 'tis certain he never exhibited the smallest dis pleasure when, perchance, be found' us together, albeit once or twice on encormcr the cabin when wo were there he would ak Imogone abruptly. bnt novbr with the sternness hit manner gathered when lie addressed others, what our talk was about, as if he suspected I was inquiring about his ship and cargo ; though if, indeed, this was so, I don't doubt the suspicion was put into hi# head by Van Vogelaar, who, I am sure, hated inc as much- becauso I was an Englishman at because our panic-stricken men had fired upon him. It takes a riftn but a very short timo to fall in love, though tho relation of tho thing, if the time bo very short, is often questioned as a possibility, sometimes heartily laughed at as au absnrdlty, when deliberately 'set down in writiug. Why this should be I do not know. I could point to a good many men married to women with whom they fell in love at a dance, or by ' seeing them in tho street, or by catching sight of them in church aud the like. I have known a man to become pas- ; sionately enamored of a girl by beholding her picture. And whet says Marlowe ?— 1 " Whoever loved that loved not at first sight ? " Depend upon it, when passion is of slow growth and cultivated painfully you may suspect a deficiency somewhere. Either tlio girl is not delightful of faco and Bhape, and her virtues and good qualities are hard to come nt, or sho it a tenso and a coquette, and iu a manner of speak ing puts her foot down upon a man's heart and prevents the emotion there, from shooting. There will be something wuntiug, something wrong, I say. Association may indeed lengthily induct ono' into a lubit of affection ; hut the sort of lovo I have in my mind springs like a young god into a man's intelligence from a matdcu's eves. But whether this swift passion is more lasting than tho affection that is formed by slower mental processes, and which of them is thelsufer to truHt to, is no riddlo for such as I to bother over. And in sober verity I aru sorry to have been led into these remarks, which certainly should bo omitted if they were not necessary as an apology. For the truth must be told, and it is this. That tho very first morning I mot Iinogone I fell in love with hor beauty, while the long days of tho storm which threw us greatly together confirmed tho first movement of ray" heart by acquainting me with tho extraor dinary sweetncRi, innocence, gentlonesn and purity of hor nature. These qualities, un like tho enchanting hue and brightness of her eyeB, tho goldon falls of her hair, and hor many other fairy graces, were not quickly discoverable, but tbey stole out during our many conversations— who that 'has been to acq J knows not how speedily character Ih disMrrr ; cn shipboard ? — and I say that bofore .that && A was ended I was so much in lovo with this fuir and tender girl that I could have laid down my life to serve her. In this timo our conversation was about all sorts of things— her parents, her home, her childhood, the lots of her father's ship, tho friendless condition she would be In on -her arrival in England should I manage to deliver hor from Vanderdecken. Though when she came to that I begged her to dismiss her fears at. once and fbrever, by assuring her that mr uiotbcr would gladly reccivo her and cherish her as her own daughter, having but ine to love, who was always absent. At whicu a faint bhuh sweetened bet cheeks, as though she fiutipectod what wan in iffy mind ; but I was careful to hurry away from the subject, since I did not wish her then to suppose 1 loved her, for fear that, not baring had timo, as I believed, to lore mc, she might fall iuto a posture of mind calculated' to baffle my hopes of carrying her away from the Braave. I told her all about mvself, of the famous Fcuton from whom I was dcoceuded, of my voyages, of the Saracen, whose passage to India I feared would have au ill issue now that she bad met the Dutchman, and I talked again of Captain Skcvingtou's amazing, and ai I supposed, nccuVate theories touching the living-dead who navigated this . ship. She had much to tell mo of Vanderdecken and his ship ; of unsuspecting vessels they had fallen in with, which had sold them tobacco, butter, cheese aud the like ; of othern that had backed their topsails to speak, then taken fright and tailed away in hot baste. I asked her if it was true that tho captain bailed passing ships for the purpose of sending letters home. Sbo answered no ; it was not true ; that was the general belief, as she had heard from hor father; biU, as Vanderdecken did not know that he was curst— as he went on year after year, firmly believing that next time he should be successful iu rounding tho Cape —why should he desire to send letters homej more particularly as he regarded the Braave us one of the swiftest vessels afloat, She added, "I have nevqwseea him write a letter, and I am certain He has sever endeavored To tend one." " But, if he finds a ship willing to speak, he will send a boat ?" " Yes, always, hnt merely for necessaries of which ho is constantly in want. Now it is tobacco ; another time it will be spirits. Some few weeks since we met a ship, from which he purchased several cases ofmarmalade and some hamt, for which Van Vogelaar paid in coin that scared them, when they put tho age of the money and the appearance of this ship to gether ; for they threw the mate overboard and instautly made off." "I suppose Van Vogelaar could not be drowned ?" taid I. "No," saidshe; "he, like the rest, has no other business in life than to live. They had put the bams aud marmalade into the boat, and when they threy him in the sea he swam very quietly to his companions." " What was the ship ?" I asked. " A Spaniard," she replied. " After they had put the ship before the wind, I saw a number of them on the poop on their knees crossing them selves." ' "I cannot understand," said I, "why this shin should be termed a phantom. What could be more real than these timbers and the require- rnentR of the people who navigato her ?" " Besides," exclaimed Imogene, " if she is a fdiautom, how could Vanderdecken write those ettorR in her which he it supposed to dosire to send home ? If you have a real letter, such as a person can put iu his pocket aud deliver, you must have real material to produce it — ink, 'pent, paper, wafers and something hard to sit upon, or kneel upon, or write upon." "Certainly!" said I. "Of a phantom the wholo must bo phantasmal. Suppose a ghost dressed, its attire must be as unsubstantial as the esscuce it covers." "The truth about this ship is not known," she continued, "and it never can he known, because her influence is dreaded. Vessels on finding out her character fly from her, and those who sell to her nnsntpectingly pass away without giving her further thought." " Or," said I, gloomily, " perhaps are never more heard of." Iu this way would we talk ; and you may conceive we were at no loss for topics. Once she came into tho cabin dressed in the pink dress with the high waist : and very sweet did she appear. But I said to her that of all the apparel she had shown me, nothing pleased me better than the black velvet jacket in which I had first seen hor ; and thereafter she con stantly wore it. In short, the clothes Vanderdecken had stocked her cabin with, including much flee linen, lace, collars, long gloreS, shoes of several color3, and the like, were such as to suggest a costly theatrical wardrobe by reason of tho variety of styles, representing fashions from tbo middle of the Roventeenth century down to within twenty years of the timo in which happened what I am here relating. It has been already explained how these things were gotton. You have only to consider that this ship sailed from Bataria in 1G58 with a large stock of dreases, liuen, jewellery, plate and so forth in her hold, besides her cargo, which stock Vanderdecken — in whom there must still work tbo thrifty instincts of the Hollander, just as he is suffered to love his pipe and bowl and pine, for both when the, tobacco and spirits nave run out — had re-' plouished by appropriating such wares, trea sure aud apparel as ho bad a fancy for out of tho ships he encountered abandoned at sea or catt away upon the AfWcan coast. Besides having all these strange and often sumptous articles of attire to show me and talk about, Imogens had a great deal to tell me concerning the weary years she had spent in the vessel, wondering how her life was to end, how she was ever to get to Euglaud, or to any other civilited country, if Vanderdecken refused to let her leave him, because of his fatherly affection for her and his conviction that he was homeward bound and only tempor arily delayed by the north-west gales which beat him. back. She said that after a time she began to fear that she would lose her own language, and be able to tpeak no tougne bnt the ancient Dutch in which Vanderdecken and his men conversed, to preserve herself from which calamity sbc regularly perused the col lection of English poetry that tho captain most fortunately had among his books. Her grief was that tho book, instead of poems, was not the Holy Scriptures, but the knew many prayers and hymns her mother bad taught her, and" these she never omitted reciting morning and night.. I remember asking if sbc knew what religion Vanderdecken was of ; she answered she did not know for certain, but that' she had heard him speak of his wife and family at having worshipped in the Cude Kerk. " f udced, Mr. Fenton " said she, " I don't be lieve he is or was ©f any religion at all. Van Vogelaar is a Calvanist ; he told me to one evening -when I was speaking with surprise of Antony Jans being a Catholic, as it is almost impossible to reconcile the fatoess of that man with tho austerities and mortifications tof his creed." 44 There can be no donbt," said I, "that Van- derdccUen was, when human like you and me, without religion. His shocking defiance anu the condemnation that followed, proved that he acted out ot sheer sin in his soul and not out of a pasting passion. And yet you would have supposed that a Dutchrmfb, no matter how secretly impious, would have behaved with more discretion than tins akipper." "I daretar he would have beeu more dis creet," taid 'Imogeno, "had bo imagined what was to follow." It was iu this way and in such talk that wc killed those six days of storm ; aud now, lcomo to other matters. (To be continued.) 