SENSATIONAL DIVORCE CASE. « The Ghost Walks in Kiaina. The Hotelkeeper's Wife, the Brewer, and the Storekeeper. £10,000 Damages Claimed— Borne ; Choice Xioealities— A Charge . . of. Connivance. , The .'divorco ; siiit Russeir v., Russell, - Hiint and Stevenson co- respondents,-; was com-' iribiiceilbetore Mr. Justice Windeyer and a special jury of 12 to-dny .; .The court. and its precincts wore crowded in autieipatibu of interesting revelations. ', Ilio short particiilars of the case; are as follow i-4-Thc ; petitioner ; is;Alfred'Goorgc Russell. of Iviama, licensed ; victualler; 'and the respondent is his wife, Ellen :' Russell, formerly Ellen Chester, of tlio same place, anil the co-rospondbrits "are Robert lloiiry Stevenson and John Hunt, "both of Kimua. Mr. Pileher, Q.C., lind Mr. Ralston for tlio patitioiier. Thprb was; no. appearance for tile respondent or for tlio co'-rcspbiident .Hunt. Mr. . .Barton, ' Q.C., and Mr. ; Torri ; Roliii ; for co-respondent St qvpnson.: 'ilip parties vyoro married, on Oetoboi' 17, 1S83, at Sydnoy. ; Tho petitioner was . borii at North Shore and' is 29 years of age, mid was at the thiie of marriage in business as'a. commission ageiit, but smco 1883 lias boon in the hotel business at Kiama, carrying on tho Royivl Hotel. . Before marriage tho ro- spondent was supported by' her parents. There are three children, ranging in agq from 5 years to 1 year.' Goliubitatioh ceased on Fobruary' ' 23 of this year, in eoii- scquence of cortain ' matters which came ' under tho petitioner's notice. Cb-respondent .Stevenson .carried on business as a storekeeper in JCiama, ' and oo-respoiulent Hunt as a brewer arid cordial manufacturer. Tho first act of adultery, alleged in , the petition is fixed on' February 23, 1889! The parties at once separated, but tho respondent caine baek next day, and falling on hor knees confessed to having been unfaithful- sinco New Yoar's Eve, 1880, whim co-respondent Stoyonsoii;; sti slio ' stated, seduced her, and an Rnproper.' iiitiinaby had been kept, up since then, sometimes at the' hotel, but chiefly at the storo. ' ' ' The answer of co- respondent Stevenson is a gciicral denial, but it adils that if tlioro- was '-misconduct- it was connived -at by tlio petitioner. Tiiis tlio petitioner denies. A jury of ,12 having , been ompanuellcd, Mr. Pileher, Q.C., briefly opened the case for the petitioner to them. Botli co-respondents ; woro frequently in the habit of visitiiig tlie hotel, as Russell was a \- 'considerable customer of each of them. A numbor of witnesses would be .called to -provo tho various : charges of : adultery against tho co-respondents, but Mrs. Russell's own admissions to ; the petitioner could only be used against herself. When the question: of connivance came before -.thorn, the connivmice having to bo proved by tlie co-respondent Stevenson; lie would bo able to - deal with that in a vei-y satisfactory way. ' Alfred. George Russell, .the petitioner, was tlieii called,' and said he was married ' at the; Mariners'.Churoh in- 18S3. After inarriago tlioy went to live at Kiama,. and -had been in business there since. For the first two years his father was in partnership with him, but for the last three years ; lie had' carried : on tho Royal Hotel himself. There wore three children, two of which petitioner had no; dojibt ho was the father of, but about the. third he had doubts. Ho first became awa'ro of his wife's infidelity on Fob-' ruary 23 last. . .Ho . was in . tlio billiard-robni'at tho back of tlio hotel up to 10 p.m. The room was. close to tho ladies' closet. He went into tlio bar, where respon dent and Hunt woro, and oil his ''coining in thoy went out. A few minutes later slio eaino back and : asked for matches, aiub having got them went away. In about 10. minutes, wanting to sec Hunt, plaintiff went: to tlio billiard-room. While there lie saw Mrs. V Russell'- como out of tho closet.' Hunt was in tho billiard-room, and . wanted him badly to have a drink at tlio; bar. Petitioner refused. Then Mrs. Rus sell eamo- out of the outliouso, and seemed very excited, but as ho fancied ho heard tho; door of tho! outhouse shut behind her horrent out, and finding.it locked sent for an axe to burst tho door open. Just us the axe ar-,- rived co-respondent Hunt opened the door and walked out. Petitioner struck a match, ' arid saw who it >yas. He asked Hunt what, sort of a mail ho was. Ho said,' "Forgivo me. V Wlioreiipon' petitioner knocked Tiiml down, find Hunt, got : up, and petitioner had' never soon him sinco. Mr. Russell was tlioi-o all' ; tho1 time. Petitioner 'ivns very excited, and told his wife to clear out with Hunt! Slio said " What have I done ? " Ho told her he didn't think she know' very well;as she' was under tho influcnco of drink, rind told her to clear out again. She -wont to the' bar; ririd.lio cleared hci- out of thcro. Slio weiib out/ and then refused to go any .'further:'-' '-'-Ho- sent for tho sergeant of police, and accused his wife of heiiig with lumt iii tho outhouse. She denied that anything had taken- place botween them, but' that Hunt had followed her iii. Respondent got vei-y excited; arid struck petitioner. ' "At last she went out about 11 o'clock. At 1 o'clock in the morning she came back and wanted to get hor child. Petitioner wont -upstairs and got tlio baby and gave it to her. Co-respondent Stevenson was also in tlio hoiiue rit the ' timo. Next- day she came and got her clothes. On tlie following Monday, about 12.30, as ho was goipq to tlie telegraph office to seiid a telegram, he saw her enter tho Iioubo. Ho ran back and told her slio must go out of the liouse. ' When sho saw she must go she fell on hcr kiicoB, and said lie lvonld never see Iter alive again, and told him that on New Year's live, two yoai-s previously, while pctititiorier was in Sydney, oo- respoiulont Stevenson had como to the liotcl about soma beer. Tho gaslights were all turned out, and sho wont 'to tho bar for the beer. Stevenson followed her, aud while going through the ' dining-, room lie blew her candle out, and said that ho wished sho was' a single woman, but if anything was' found out lie would take lier to America, and saying she would never ' consent — consented! Sho also told him that they had made uso of most of tlio rooms in tho house, but Steven son had told her to come down to the storo for fear of boing caught. Sho used to go to the storo about thrco or four times ' a week. Petitioner told her that, tho child, which at tho timo ho tiu-ncd her out was nine montlis old was not his, sho said she thought it was Stevenson's and everybody said ".it was like him. Mr. Rolin : That isn't evidence.' Mr. Ralston : You can put tho child in if you liko (Laughter). - Petitioner (continuing) said that respon dent admitted the adultery with Hunt. His Honor : It is not necessary to go into this. Slio admits it, and Hunt doesn't defend the suit ; what moro do you want, Mr. Ralston : If I show sho was not so valueless a woman as might be implied in this evidence; I wish to bring in many help tlio jury to form a true estimate of her character, that sho only yielded to Hunt by being actually compelled. Petitioner said that his wife told liim that on one occasion Hunt got hor in a bedroom and said lie would inform tho plain', if of her misconduct with Stevenson unless she gave way to him. Hail not soon Stevenson much at the hotel, but Hunt was frequently there. Plaintiff was on friendly terms to him and used to gq to races and shows with liim 'Hunt left Kiauui tho day after tlie rumpus, and petitioner served him personally with tlio petition in Pitt-street, since which timo lie had not been heard of. He saw Steven son the day after lie (petitioner) turned his wife out; and Stevenson then said that lie . believed Mrs. Russell was a re spectable woman, and that if lie had been prcsont, lie would liavo taken hor part, mid petitioner replied that if lie had he would liavo had a sore head too. Stevenson saw Mrs, Russell meet him on the following Monday, and ho then put hor into a coach, and lie hadn't seen her since. On the following Tuesday Stevenson came to the hotel and asked petitioner to have a drink. Petitioner said, " You'vo got a front to ask me to liavo a drink, 'lhe missus has told mo the little games you liavo boon carrying on for the past two years, mid I'll mnlto you pay for it." Stevenson said, "Don t l-uin mo." Petitioner said, " got out," and Stevenson cleared down the steps. That was tlio hist time ho had been in tlio houso. Ho personally served him with the petition and citation. .. Mr. Ralston : How did lio look when you served him ? , Petitioner- ; As whito as your collar is. (Laughter.) .'Cross-eqnmined liy Mr. Barton: Did not know Hunt till about two years after going to Kiama. - Know Mrs. John Honey, of Kiama. Mr; Barton : Did you tell hor on February 24 that you had been aware for a ' long while of what had boon going on with Hunt. Petitioner : I did not, but young Honey told me lie suspected it before. I never said I- 'had'-an- anonymous .letter about my wife five montlis before.' His' Honor: Did you get an anonymous letter at all ? : - : - Petitioner: Yes, about 18 months before. I told Several pooplo about it. Mr. Burton': Havo you got tlio lottor ? ; ; (Ciiso proceeding.) 