FICTION. -.O: Prom KnglUti, American, nnd Olliar P«rlu<1lenli. -:0: Miriam's Vengeance. [BY MES. MUSGRAVE.] CHAPTER V. A BINDING OATH. Through the Blimy piles of Beerhaven pier a crimson and orange sunset was streaming. It flooded the great beams, to which glistening barn- acles and long tangles of green seaweed were cling- ing, with a rich warm light. The wide stretch of sea and the opposite coast were bathed in the ef- fulgence of the sinking sun. The splendour on water and land was beyond measure beautiful, and the Septembei air had a glow and crispneas all its own. At the foot of the pier, almost deserted at this hour, an old dockyard boat was moored. Its rotten timbers were saturated with filth and redolent of river mud. The tide was out, and this craft was ou a level with the lowest tier of slippery steps. Those above could only see it by craning their necks over the pier head. Miriam sat alone in the boat, apparently unmindful of or unperceiving the vileness of her resting-place. It was evident that she was waiting for some one-waiting, you must understand, with the calm dignity of patience, or the certainty that she would not wait here in vain. There was no restlessness in her glance, no evi- dence of weariness in her attitude to intimate she had been kept here any unreasonable length of time. She sat erect, with her hands clasped quietly over her knees; her dark mysterious eyes were drooped, watching the quick eddies of the incoming tide. She had come here before the appointed time to take counsel with herself in a quiet spot. Here there were no memories, no ghosts of dead hopes, no accusing visions. Something more than an hour.had now elapsed since Miriam had taken up her position on this spot. But still she remained unmoved and motion- less, not counting the striking of a distant clock. Certainly he would come. She had never a doubt about this man's coming. There was but a light breeze stirring this even- ing, and not many boats were to be seen about. In the foreground a belted cruiser, with a tender at- tached, were anchored, and further away a solitary white-winged yacht was tacking. A fleet of straw laden barges were hanging off the island in the west, while a couple of red-sailed boats wore drift- ing nearer in to the coast. Some way out, and not discernible to unpractised eyes, there was a long line of foam caused by the meeting of two river tides. Beyond this, out in mid- channel, a great steamer churned its way home- wards. A peaceful scene surely. The gorgeous sunset faded slowly away, and the dim lights of twilight gathered. The air grew more and more still. The night promised to be a calm one. A crescent moon gleamed in the west. It had a placid look, with no clouds encompassing it. Far out the yacht's sails were flapping idly. She was making slow progress. Now and again the sounds of laughter might be heard proceeding from the Naval Barracks. The windows were evidently open, for the words of song wore quite distinct. Judging from the fre- quently recurring shouts of merriment a festive party WBB assembled thore. Such sounds apparently stirred some unpleasant association in Miriam's mind. In spite of her statuesque attitude so long maintained, her eyes gleamed angrily under their drooped lids at every repetition of laughter. It was only her eyes that betrayed her. For her utter silence and her still attitude gave no evidence of the tempest raging within her breast. Once indeed, after some gay song had been trilled out in a rich baritone, she shivered a little. For the space of a second her glance was raised, and a flamo of wrath unutter- able aeemed to shoot from the depth of her dark eyes aB she gazed towards the scene of festivity. She knew that there were guests in the oflieers' quarters to-night, for she had seen a yacht's boat bringing over a party of young men from King- borough more than an hour ago, and there was not a boat belonging to the yacht Stella which she did not recognise from afar. There was one amongst this gay and rollicking set whom Miriam had dared to think-ay, to call-her lover. Body and BOUI she had flung herself at his feet in the blind abandonment of a fatal passion. But it was not for him-a careless, unheeding pleaBure-seeker, a butterfly lover whose affection did not outlive a few summer dayB-that she waited here so patiently this eveniug. Miriam had another friend coming to meet her at the foot of Beerhaven pier at dusk-a lover, this one, too. But one she reckoned on as faithful. Even now a dark speck could be seen approaching from the island to the west. It was yet 30 far off that the advance of the little boat seemed slow. Miriam raised her eyes a second time when the distant clock struck half-past seven, and she knew that what she saw was Christopher's boat approach- ing. He had not failed her to-night. When had he ever failed her ? She smiled with the shadow of her former smile, with none of the old glow and passion which had made her such i beautiful creature. It pleased her to feel her power. She was not utterly helpless and forsaken even now. There was left to ber the power to strike. The night wrapped all things slowly round on this September evening, but as the shades gathered and the light of gas lamps twinkled out in the town and down the long parade, the laughter at the Barracks seemed to grow louder and more distinct. Other sounds in the streets died gradually away with the daylight, but the merriment so near to her waxed greater as every successive Btar twinkled out a welcome to the night. Miriam's eyes were drooped no longer; they blazed steadily and fiercely, and her breath came quickly, She looked over the expanse of water j with longing and impatience, ' She had not long to wait, for at last the little sailing boat we saw from afar was drawing quite near to the pier. The man who was seated in the stern lowered the sheet and took to his oars. In a few moments he was close beside Miriam. This was a personage not well known by sight in Bearhaven, though he had the cut of a seafaring man about him. He had been stationed some time at the Norris Lightship, taking his turn on and off with the others there. He waa a solitary, silent man, who made few friends, avoiding, as much as possible,'the companionship of his fellows. He was not liked by any, and not a little feared by those who TV ere closely associated with him. All sailors are coloured with superstition, and there was something ghostlike and uncanny about the reserved demeanor of this .man. Christopher was never called by any surname, and he had a slightly foreign and hesitating accent. If ho was not an alien by birth, lie must have resided long in other lands. Still, he spoke English fluently, and with more refinement of diction than his companions on the lightship ; also he was a skilled draughtsman and a mechanician of no mean order. " You are here in good time to-night," he re- marked briefly, as he moored his boat to the pier, and sprang into Miriam's larger craft. He just touched his cap in salutation to the girl, a moie courteous way of greeting than the men of his class were addicted to. " Ay, ay," she said in her deep voice that seemed to resound over the water. She drew back with a perceptible movement of dislike as the new-comer sat down beside her. " You mostly keep me waiting a goodish spell, Miriam," he continued. " Eight you are, Christopher. That's the way of it many times ¡ but I've been here this hour to- night. Move a bit further off. I like elbow-room." The man moved and took his seat opposite. He could seo her face better now. It waB, in fact, a vantage-ground she had not seen. " Come to the point, my girl. Why did you send me word to meet you here to- night ? It ain't often as you shows these sorts of favours." The man's glance searched her face vainly. At this moment it was without emotion, and her eyes were cast down. (To bo continued.) 