An Enormous Toloacopo. Telescopic1 djM^taouid appear to ndvanco 1 by-Jenps and' houndi Tit? latest out- i comu ,of ob3eiV»tioiipl enterprise ' i'b tie j introductjxfnud tJie' 'C^niled- Stnlec Con.- | greas by rhp'-eseiitntive Butler, -of Tonv- i qcssee, of ! a mot inn to appropriate tho i lalge sum of '1,000,000 dollars, or £200,000 [sterling, - for the construction of d\great equatorial telescope with a - lins GOib. (injdmnipter ; .that of the Lick j - instriiuient, Mount Hamilton, Calfornin, ! ' bj' far thai largist hitherto coiistrncted. j mounted by Grpbb, with an object glass 1 I made by Merars. , Clark, beiog 36in. Only | i in diameter. The next . in magnitude, j j the Pulkowa iti'lt-Ecopp, erected in 1885, j$ a va^i impro.veiii^n^on its^^edecessors, j : has a^Oihi bisect hlass. Toe difficulties j; attendrng the manx^aciuie of^tliese great j; lenses liave \ been surmountrd by the I f Fiench and other makers, and American i ingenuity lias so far succeeded in provid- i ing the me'plmnism necessary for tlti-ir g mounting -and ' guidance. There seems . j nb^rFnsonbblei doubt therefore that it is ' i witMin tiie'[resouioesT of science 'to i ro- ' dude such a vast and important advance f. upon everything J»t attempted as the ambitious niinn of Mr. Butler desires, and, certainly ! the American Treasury surplus, which at present neither rulers nor people seem to know how to dispose of, could not: he- better appropriated. ?While it . 'would undoubtedly be an achievement) that would tux to t!w ut ntosEllie ?tfcim'andv'bxperience ? srtisaps and ariists' who should uoder- ' j take the work, yet dt. cannot be said that the construction of a telescopic o'ject glass of 60in. diameter is imposs hie. Such a glass intprbvement over the Lick tele.-cope tha-i that great instrument was over ilio largest of its predrceseots. To show tliij, it; is only necessary to remem bcrtliat thoiliglit gathering power. of an , abj'-cbt^'bss varies as the- square of its j djaraekejy' The lurgest glass beforo the i cSnipletidh of tho Lick's lens was the j 30-in,. telescope of the observatoty of I ?Pulkcjwj. Tito light gathering power j of the Lick telescope is to that at Put- , - kowa about as 13 to 9 or one and a-hnlf ; fi.nes as great ; hut the powrr ot a 60- . j in. lens would he that of the Lick teles- j copo as 36 to 13, or nearly- three timis. as gi eat' Such a glass would-be four 1 times as powerful ns the Pulkowa teles-^ E cope, . V :i i ?* ? ' i Thernoro recent ffhvelopemrnts of the moun-Ug of [thes ilgi*nt.je-e$opes are , duo chiefly ' to theFiuvcntlSIs of the R-psoldv, ? wtfo .-. roounW tho Pulkowa glas°, and then Mr. ?Grnb'vwho piovlded the setting of theilnck Ohtervstoiy in ft- nment, following Repsold's ideas, hut introducing cerlnin improvements de signed to obvi.te various drawbacks. The whole floqr' of the M iuni Hamilton Observntory/jrijft. in diameter, is raised ? cr depressed by Wn'e.r power under con trol of the operator by means of electiic keys acting on .other m rlinnism which controls the wa'er engine reversible gear. I lie domw is rotate. I ..by- 'other, -engines;! 8ini larly connected with beys teady to t lie obforrer's hand. ; The otlior means and appliances attached for scjlting the telcaccge to-any^Iibnr, angle, ot to any declination hyjf^arcwnU nre moat ingoti ioua, and thtmgh\apphreutly complicated . and e'aborate aro.workid with the grc*t est faqijily. The( obaei.vqr at 'the eve end can read off trie hqu^ and declination citoh 8, nnd communicn,{i qrtick or . slow motio s to tho: tela-c -po- both -iu light ascension and- declination by handlts. una eye end has a nncr imo or and its inclination-for tho position rirole, » raicj/ ; roinoter head, a bright am) d«rk field, . an automatically mot-ed ribbon of paper - for recording observations, c'amits in right ascuusi-.n and ' dco'inntion and . quiok and slow- motion on tho same j » : finder, niicrosoipes for reading the hour and declination circlos, an iiluminating dial showing s'dercal time, and driven y,a galvanic current from the sidereal cluok, and a driving clock .to cause ths tulcscopo to follow tho diurnal motion ? of a (tar. The; Lick as has in on# . year so advanced qhn tob-scopic scrutiny of many to'ostinl phenomeni th it its .director claims Hurt many of ihcsubcaiW— iMtrtho Htmli, d . wf h tJ^Mnst. ument as w lirJ'1 nevor tern beforo. . 'tli tfhi propoao-l moro foworfnl in it. ument, W „nly may lho « canala' of mars or tlw components -{ Venua an! Jupiter be asco-tainod with comparativ# precision, hut the adronnmor may hope to bind tho aweot ihtluoncoa of the Pleiades, to loose the lands of Otton, and to pry into: tho myalerioa o» tha - nobulit of Persgus, v. iST us from PP^WsHHggSBflKropiutouXVe -!idn't he upon them, (lie h&nn;^aijmVgBe phuuto'm curs, and the prophetic] dreiW-they have .li-spf oaroL fr;,n- tVflr^re ; they do not even find a place ' - in O'tiSfirUa annuals. Wo used to lwlloyo in ? I...... .slong as we know that they were stuff anil nonsense. As nobody took .them in earnest it was nobody's business ; to discredit them. But in passing from .literature they have entered into science— Psychic »1 Science. The Ghosts' and the Presentiments and '.the Appearances' and the Prophetic Dreams— they are labelled and classified j as Telepathic Phenomena or Extern ''Hf-.ions of-the Trans ? ? eendcntal Ego-or Mnr.'est itions oi tbe^Doal ? Consciousncesk \ | .?,«??? i Three years ego Dr. Carl do Trel published \- 44 The Philosophy of Mysticism' in Germany, ?a work on which he hail i-pent^ a good deal of ^ time and a good deal of laborious acutoneas. I ' ? ? It has now been translated (very well trans lated), and is published in England iu two V'hatidbome volumes by Mr. iKcdway. Those i who have the palionce to iwade through a mass of profitless metaphysic, land are not ' deterred by the elaborate jargon which passes current in the Spojkeriea, will find something in these volumes which may help to further muddle their already mjatifiulj und ratand -* ings ; but .they will not. find- i nmuy goon ?stories to amuse them. As the whole struc ture of the 4,4 philosophy' professes to be built \- ^ upon ascertained facts, it may not be without „ interest to give a few of: the stories. The author cites a saying of Fontcnelle, V Avail t *? d'expiiquer lea fatU il est mScessairc de les constater ; on dvite ainai le: ridicule d avoir trouv^ le cause de ce cjui n'est poitts. . .It is not quite sufficient 10 state facts :-they should, be proved — ja* formality which l is not any better observed' by Dr. da. Prel than by other members of other'' psychical, schools and societies. *j j- - The ' dramatic power:* of the dream hardly ' { required to be proved in a 14 scientific treatise* . | But the Koran; is, iu England, a. . neblecie(l . book ; so a. quotation is excusable r-*4 The \- Angel Gabriel took Mahomtned out of bis bed one monjrWk to give him ' a- sight of all things in t£~7*even heavens, in Paradise, and / in hell ; which the prophet took | a .distinct view of, and after having held ninety thous \- : and conferences with God, was brought back again to bis bed. All this, says the Alcoran, was transacted in so small a space of time^ that Mabouiined on hi* returu found his beu ^s-ill .warm,' and look up an earthen pitcher i. - (which was th^owu down at the very iuatau. ' that the Angel Gabriel carried x am away/ (before thevvater was a.l spilt.' The MaiidH could invent a dozen dreams as: good us thir: and as for Osinan J/igna— well, ;he has giveu: hispruofs.r Here ts a most diverting story. ' T' It illustrates- the e.ernal conflict between the \- higher and lower parts of Man's nature— or I Woman's rather :—*4 Before her seuses were j. supn^tsed, ttft whtle she was already gravt-1 ' towards soimumbulism, she euid . . * Where am 1M am not at home in the head. There' is a strange struggle; between / the pit of the stomach and the head ; both ' ' would prevail, both see aud feel; That cau not be ; it is a teanug asunder. It Is as if I must send down the head imo the stomach if I would see anything. The pit of the stomach pains me, if 1 think, above ? and yet down, there it is not clear enough, .1 must jwondcr, and that With the head, oyer the .'(newj disposi tion of the stomach.' in this dyspeptic age auything about the stomach is! iuterestiu^, and there are rnauy persons who would adum * that they are hot at home In their! heads. ? There is a criicl bit at the doctors { in the j story of a lidy 44, who could foretell her coin / plaints quite regularly. and certainly by dream, jog of her pbysiciau.' That is what cpiues of consulting a specialist. You will jalway* wifiod that you are- suffering from the com* plaint which he has been ? appointed to cure. .. Xcrtuliian U supposed, by some commentators to be indulging in a 'sly dig at the faculty / ? when be ^nksyp these .reujarks ; 44 When the / demons *C(f-frdiseases, it is because tbey have / - ?- tbemsfelveii causod them ; they prescribe j . . effectual remedies/ and then it Is believed they ? have driven away the disease because they -*? nave ceased to/ cause it.' (Quia dtiinunt Iwlire, curiux. crcduntur^J It is said | to be an esoteric rule/ amongst a certain chuss of doctors; if a patient comes with a complaint jwhicb tbey don't uuderstaud, to give him one which tb^y do understand aud to cure , that. It appears that somnambulists are like j other persons — successful in treating their own ail ments. Ilete u a case 44 Keroer says of om of his BOinnsrnbules that what she pre scribed for herself acted 4 with mathematical cerUiut/,' but her prescriptions for others were of less avail ; his explanation being that the pa tic o ts did not cloely observe the hours prescribed for tne remedies— a point much # -insisted on by soinuatnbules, who explain ?failures, sad also the alterations they make themselves fo-. their prescriptions, by the imperfect execution of their directions.' V coi/mambolistri 'Tus often been offered in 4 one of the divisions of the UJgli Court of Justin as the explanation of awkward evl deuce which cauuot be met by a point-blank denial. .Soumainbulism appear* to . be aid nuted by good intentions, wh eh it does not always succeed in carrying out 44 Cham pignon knew a girl who led an Irregular life with her magticliser, aud whom he resolved t to -reform, .in somnaitibulism, according to liis wish, she felt, for the tiist time, a violent remorse, and made 'the best resolutions. Awake, she w^s as dissolute as ever. The iuciiuatlou U- improvement lusted only until she met her former foaguetisor and allowed heiself to be put to sleep by lum. Jleuct-' forward there was no uiltcreuce between her disposition in somnambulism aud in waking.' On the other hsnd, the Widow Teterseu (a lisdy who euij-Yyx great reputation fu spuokl ;calcbcles) Wa^ftev«r guilty of falsehood fu kjvv?'lbe Deep Bleep,' though in her wuklng A^Biours given to iudulge lu tsrradiddles of quite '«Sj» monumental character, « ,Thc mysterious passiou of love is asserted bo a proof of personal dualism. The i^^^Klieury Is bard upon tho ladles. 44 Many a loves a maiden not ou'y iu spite of faults by hU consciousness, but on oc'' ttiuia fault* wUlub w-i ogrccaUlo to unconscious, i Such, for instance, arc ex pressions of feminine humour and levity, which may p«omote passion, while we recog. n*se them with misgiving.' From many dif: tercnt points of view it seems essential for eve yl o-ly to ^.ivc up the vain .delusion of imagining himself not to be somebody e sc. 'If thus, supplementing the problem of external cognition,' we apply dil'gently to self-cognition; this is the shortest way to revive our demand for m^khysics; ; without which ho religion, no philosophy, ho true art is thinkable.' But somehow or other religions, philosophies, and aria have managed to .come . into a jkind of spurious.; exis tence .and- to en^oy a , kiud cf Bp'uribus success ; . nor do they seem Tor their existence or success to be indebted iin any the. slightest degree to the vapouring .of mys'iulsts who . cat them elves philosophers or (what is. not quite the same; thit-g) Doctors of Philosophy. To.bc quite fair{ we subjoin Dr; Carl du I'rel's reply to Criti cisms upon his me h k1:— 44 1 have undoubtedly the right 'to demand from a critic not only pbilosophical prepa ration, but also a know ledge of the mqsr important of the works I -have'eited ; but to (jmphasisc this demand is unfortunately nccessavy at a time when journalistic reviewers who have, made no regular study 'in un^ direction arc thought capable of ci iticiem kn every direction, and' who, without thoughts of their own, : have leisure- to disfigure and. maltreat the thoughts ofotlierrf.' These wprds are taken from the author's preface. Ihjorder that we part with' him on thoroughly good tci ins we record an instance of somnambulism which he has omitted to quote; At Tappington, iu England, one 'of the guests in a couutry lipuse— a lieatenaut : n the English army — missed every morniui a pair of -trousers from His. bedroom. The mystery- jyas aq unpleasant as -it was purzlingj ' The story is told at length by & local ? chronicler. \Yc quote from memory the most important passage. - 44 He was in .the act of siooping to deposit the p&utaloons; m the grave which he had becii digging for4 them,' when Tom Ingoldsby came behind him and with the flat of the spade — — v: The shock waajsuffieieut. 'Never again did Lieutenant Seaforth act the part o| som nambulist.-- His breeches/ his silk- net pants, his gray trowsers.with t£e«red stripe of ; the Bombay Fenciblea, ul) were unearthed from what had promised tc be their last resting place.' The substantial accuracy- of ' this - narrative may be tested by refcrrence to tiv curious and learned researches published by Iferr Ingoldsby.: ;? J 