Who or What can it be ? Silt.-I remember reading a few weeks ago of » little girl in one of our colonies who was bewitched (whatever that may be), and of stones galore being showered upon the house wherein she resided ; but I, on the prinoiple that all one readB of in news* papers must be taken with a grain of salt-or, ns learned pen-orators would say. cum grano salis-diâ not take much notice of it, and in common with others, I pooh-poohed it. But I forward you an account of a similar case happening in my diatriot at home, and the whole of the " eaton " (with the (xoeption of the ohild) I know personally. The father of the ohild is a fervent methodist, a class leader and local preaoher, and a roally straight- forward man. He is a parcel carrier, and has been ever since I can remember, and from roy know- ledge of him, I believe would be the lost tó imposto on anybody by doing the " ghost " buttincBS himself. The Canon Kingsbury is a Church of England clergyman of the diocese of Salisbury. Attending the synod at the Cathedral of that city yearly, you will see that he tried to " lay " the ghostly invoou* tion, or in other words commanded tho " spirit to avaunt " in the name of the Father, Sou and Ho y Ghost. The Wesleyan minister also tried his hand, but instead of avaunting, the spirit uncharitably knocked vioious encores on the table. Solemn hymns and prayers were held, but his satanic majesty still holds the fort by latest accounts. The reporter of the Salisbury Times waa alaj thero and heard the samo wrappings, and states his wonder at them. I myself have always been sceptical of supernatural doings, but at this I am constrained to scratoh my pate and murmur : well, I'm what's his name. The Superintendent of the city police is a tall, wiry, military-looking man, with black, bead-like eyes, set far into his head, the terror of the vaga* bonds in his district, and the only man in the oity force any good for thief- catohing in the heart of London. The other superintendent, of the name of Stephens, knows every poacher gypsy and loafer in his oircuit. When I say gypsy, I mean real »nd genuine Romany's, whose ancestors siuoe goodneea knows when, have been born and died either in caravans or tents. There are hnndreds of them, and to my knowledge, from events in my ow« life, they oan read (by what means I know noe),the future. Of four individuals, myself amorist 'the number, who by paying Gd each many yean ago to one of these gypsies to get our fortunes told, twa were told they would never die in their beds. They were school teachers, and laughed at it, Nevertheless they got into disgrace, ran away and enlisted, and at this moment their bones are rotting in a soldier'e grave in far away Zululand. One other would die in a work-house, and the fourth in a foreign land Neither of these last events have happened yet, a< far as I know, at any rate the fourth one is yoi alive, or you would not get this communication ; si I bite my thumb. (See Shakespeare). At any rate, I should scarcely think parsons ant 1 Press would lay their heads together to hatch a eon cern like this. I have had other papors respootin| the " scare," bnt took no notice of it till now ; bu the mention of names as given in this account i proof of its extraordinary nature. Any further communication I will send you a soon as I get the papers, and you will see what i is if the investigators themselves can find ont. PUZZLED. " The Roster.-The following ia the roster for the Grafton Bench for December-3rd : Lewington, O'Keeffe, Smith. 6th : Lardner, Waterhouse, Rush. 10th : Samson, M'Kittriok, Hill. 13th : Beatson, j Maurice, Lipman. 17th : See, Ryan, Donaldson. I 20th : Hawthorne, Bawden, Page. 24 th : James, Laycock,Campbell. 27th : Chapman, Neale, Jacobs, 31st : Lewington, O'Keeffe, Smith. A GIHL OF PROMISE.-The Baker City (Oregon, U.S.) Democrat says there is a young girl in La Grande who is destined to make her mark. Some one gave her öd one day. She bought a yard of calico, made it into a sun-bonnet and sold the bon- net for ls 8d. She invested the la 8d in more calico, made more bonnets, sold them, and pretty soon had £2. With this £2 Bhe bought potatoes, planted them, and came out with a clear profit of Most girls would have bought lollies, and choweH and chewed and then called for more, and M majority of the boys invest their money in cigar- ettes, and would not save £8 in 100 years. . REMARKABLE DEATH -At Whitechapel recently an inquiry was held into the death of a man named Matthews, who dropped dead while in the act of committing suicide. The medioal testimony proved that there was a wound in the neck which was not dangerous. The face was congested, and the witness believed that the man died instant- aneously from an apopletio fit while in the very aot of cntting his throat. It was a most curious case, for if the man hud not fallen dead instant- aneously there muBt have been a large quantity of blood about. The coroner said it was an extra- ordinary case, and one that was seldom known. AGRICULTURE IN AMERICA-A recent publica« tion states that the farm lands comprise 289 acres in every thousand, leaving 711 acres unoccupied. Of the former quantity 158 aores are productive, 103 woodland, and 33 unproductive, though partly susceptible of improvement. Of maize-growing lands the general average for the United States is 41 acres per 1000, the range being from less than 10 to over 100 in every 1000 acres. Wheat shows that the general average is 20 acres for every 1000. The general average value of farm lands is shown to be 19.02dolp" while the range of values is 4.19 to 65.16, The tenants paying money rent are but 8 percent.of the total number of occupiers, while those paying rent in produce are nominally 17.5 per cent., most of them being in the cotton States. Some of the latter, however, are freed men, who are tenants only in name, living on temporary sub- divisions of estates. Since the formation of the Albury Pastures and Stock Protection Board the following noxious animals have been destroyed in the board's area : -19,767 kangaroos, 3117 paddymelons, 46,219 hares, 12,708 kangaroo-rats, and 16 dogs. There are 6850 convicts now living in New Cale- donia. Of these, 1200 are employed on public works, 420 by private contractors, 1950 by socie- ties, 750 by licensees (concessionaires) ; 380 are in domestic service, and 1050-nearly one in every six-are non-valeurs, or what we Bhould call not worth powder and shot. This is a slice of a powerful speech delivered by Mr. Burns, the London Dock Labourers' leader, on on a recent occasion :-" As our garrison in Lucie? now, straining their eyes towards the horizon, saw the silver sheen of the bayonets of the relieving army, so from this parapet I, too, see on the horizon a silver gleam ; but not the gleam of bayonets destined to be imbrued in the blood of a brother, but the silver sheen of the fall round orb of the docker's ' tanner.' " There died lately in the North Dublin Workhouse at the age of 106, James Conway, who served in the navy under Nelson. He was impressed into the navy, and after thirteen years' service was discharged without a pension. He was in perfect health up to a few weeks ago. The trustees of the British Musenm have juafa pnrchased the second edition of the Indian B¡?0 translated by John Eliot into the language of tû_ Virginian IndianB, Cambridge, and Massachusetts, 1680-85-a book of extreme rarity. A silver bell hos been hung in a tower in the village of Borki, where the railroad acoident to thc Czar's train happened, and it will be tolled every day at the hour of tho acoident. The rest of the world hos already been told enough about it. . A Waterloo veteran began his 101st year lately ii the province of Parana, Brazil. The Germans ia the neighbourhood assembled to do him honour and put a crown of laurels on his head-which bj the way, is not yet bald. The arms of the troops quartered at Dover han just been tested, with the result that 15 per cent, oi the bayonets are found to be defective. J 