Echoes. I'eople in Sydney had the chance, a short time iitfo, of ' having their fortunes' told by a oliiro mui\a.jr, who claimed the occult power— oxoroisud for a hero-und-now fee— of iodioating one's future by an innpection ot the palms of tho hands. How oiisily are we poor ' humans' dupod I And oortainly we dtsorvo lo be whon our insatiable and obtrusive curiosity promplit lo lliu u»-j of aueli ridiculously paltry meiins to unlucU tho si-urats which lio hidden iu thi) impenetrable keeping of the Supreme Disposer of events. Chiromancy or palmistry, with all the occult scinnonH either of undent or modern timos — even including ' pliospborescont Biiiriluulism' — are impnlnnt to lift ' the veil which covers tho faoo of funnily und which is woven by the hand of ineroy.' Out uf tho lw/.o of mystery that hanRa over tho wlmt-is-to-bo of life, ring out, like a clarion voice,' thu wurdB of Ijougfellow, urging to a brave, purpose ful nuw I Trust nu future, liuwovur pluuuaut ! Ut tho duitd ]HiHt bury its duul, Aut, uut, in tho living [iivkuuI, Itwirt within unil Oud u'crlicna. Tiiin bads me to say that equally fanciful and futile, in my opiniouT ii the bo called art or gift of loading character by means of chirograph)'. Ono' handwriting is influenced, as are all his physical movements, by his state of health, itself in turn, inlluenced by conditions of diet, weather ifco. who can write a beautifully dear caligraphy when the victim of u violent dyspeptic attack ? Who can write a bold, firm, unswerving hand when the temperature in a 100 degrees in the shade V very few people write uniformly, and fewer write legibly always, whicb reminds me I mil one of the illegible scribblers, for, in my last 'echoes' 'smart rap1' appoarml as 'smart raga.' and ?' abusive sectaries' aa ?? abusive secretaries !' Certainly it is not an exceptional thing for people lo get into a ' rage' very smartly sometimes, or even for 'secretaries' to becomo '? abusive ;' but tho sentence should have read, ' In Hutlibras, Brutev had a smart rap ' at the abtioive sectaries, Ac.' I beg your compositor's paiilmi. and bIiiiII puy closer attention to my ' strokes and p:-t-hooks,' lest I got n ' smart rap' over the knuckk'S from the editor privately ! Haiiio ot my readers Imvo doubtless read the vory intuiosting letters which tho groat apostlo of modorn art, John Ruskin wrote several years ago, on ' The 'Lord's prayer and tho ohuroli;' together with the almost equally entertuining opistolary criticism ovokeil thereby. In ono of liis letters Mr. liuskin says,' forgive mo for ' getting back to my sparrows; but truly in ? tho prosonl state of England, the fowls of Iho air arc the only creatures, tormented and murdered as they are, that yet have hero and there nests, und peace, and joy, in tho Holy Ghost.' Mr. Kuskin, who is on unrivalled master of tho English language, has somowhat ambiguously expressed his thought in theso sentences, but it may be inferentially gleaned. It caused tho crities to Bbako their heads ominously. Buskin's friend; who was the honored rooipiont of his letters, comments on tho thought as follows; ' How do wo know but that the animal existouce of these charming companions (viz. birds) of our quiet hours is not accompanied by a spiritual existence, too, as much interior to our own spiritual oxistonco as thoir corporeal to ours V And therefore shall we boldly dare to say that tboy perish altogether and for ever '.' . . Wu must bo pardoned for leaning to a belief that lliu featharod creatures which t-pont most of llieir brief life in singing loud praises to tho loving Creator and Givor of all food, do not live quito for nothing beyond tho dissolution of thoir little framos?' Charles Kingdloy is quotod in do fenco of this theory. That distinguished writer said respecting a famous lover of birds, ' perfeotly suro that lie himself was a spiritual being ho thought it at least possiblo that birds might bo spiritual M iugH likewiso, incarnate liko himself in mortal lloali ; and saw no degradation to tho diginty of human nature in olaiming kindred with oreaturos ao beautiful, and so woundorful.' Has not also that eminently religious and deeply 3tudiou3 man, John Wnsley, declared in his ' Notes' his conviction that animnl.i will have an after existence of some sort '/ Such a subject is at best only conjectural, und yet Tennyson's lines seem appropriate with respeat to it. Tlmt nothiug walks with uinilaM fcut, Tlmt not uuu life shall be destroyed ; Or coat m rubbisli to thu void, When God hath mude thu pile complete. Theso ' charming companions of our quiet hours' hero referred, to belong to England, whoso sweet son^stors aro so justly praised. But what of the sunglesti Australian birds? Will thoir music bo perpetuated in another sphere? What about tho risiblo j-iokass, tho chattering magpie, tho soreeching cockatoo '.' It may be so ; and as human music must needs bo attuned in tho ' aweot by-and-bye' to what is celestial, so the bird-music of earth will bo corres pondingly enhanced ! This ' echo' is not intended to invito discussion, being prompted largely by a attaint magpie, whioh when I put my head out of a two-3tory ivindow yesterday morning, sharply ac costed me with ' Hallo I Who aro you, eh V' Kuskin will over bo diutinguished as an art pro pagandist who has done much of a practical sort to givo an impulse to art-aulture, not exclusively in his own particular department, nanioly, painting, but to Art comprehensively in all its outreaohings. It will not, therefore, be inappropriate hero to refer to tho remarks of Dr. Barry on Church Architecture, when laying the memorial stone of the extension of St. Judc'ti Church, Bandwick, on Saturday last. We aro told that ho adverted to tho moral influence of the beautiful, and also to tbe necessity of cultivating tho faculty of the imagination. Whether by these remarks in their relation to tbo ' bettor ordering of the house of prayer, and the celebration of divino worship,' tbe Primate was seeking to defend a more pronounced ritualism, can only be inferred, as tho papers do not fully report his utterances on this point. Ho strongly deprecated plainness hnd utili taii.;;,i m in conneotion with church architecture, so oftcii ..iTeetod or excused under the plea of simplicity. In this deprecation, Dr. Barry is not alone. Nor is it exclusively confined to the Anglican body. That the other churches share it is practically demon strated by tho splendidly ornato ecclesiastical structures they have creotod ot late in and around Sydnoy. In this respect, the futuro has, undoubtedly, a claim on tbo present. Wo have no architectural piles that, liko the pyramids, lmve looked down upon ' the little livos of men' for generations. Our public buildings uro contemporaneous with ourselves ; they aro not hoary with tho marks of voinrable age, as aro Westminster Abbey, York Minster, and other piles whioh, in Knglund, by their very antiquity tend to sober, the mird, and develops what is reverential. Now buildings can never do this ; but tho now will become old, and by-aud-bye this inilucnco will come, and exert a benelicial and desirable effect on tho national character. Both Religion and Art need greator culture and oncouragomont in order to ho coma potont factors in the growing civilization of these young communities. Honoe, Dr. Barry, while emphasising tho importanco of tho (esthetic, sagaci ously dwelt upon thp need of spiritual influences to counteract tha materialism of Iho present day. Inferring onco again tu Kuskin'a tottorH ; in Iho second ho asks!1 Can tbo Gospel pf Christ bo put into suoh plain words and abort terms as that a plain man may understand it,' and urges tho do siroableness of suoh a simplo compendium and guido. The disoussion of this must bo loft to ecclesiastics, whoso businoss primarily it is ; but I quote liuskin's nignillcant question in order tu givo point to a story told of tho Bishop of Lichliold. A jolly-looking Northern farmer who was travelling in a car on a midland railway in England thus addresses his fellow- travellers; 'Thoy say this now Bishop o' Liohfiekl bo a ' tuaziu' clover man. 1'vo heerd that vou may ask him any question you loiko, aud ho'll answer it, pat!' An instance of tbo Bishop's clover ness was given, which evoked a burst of laughter, whon a harsh dissentient voice suddenly made itself hoard, ' I could ask him a question that would puzzle him, alevor as he thinks himself.' ' Well, sir, now's 'your timo for it,' said a quiot voioo from tho opposite cornor, '/am the Bishop of Liphfield.' Tho swaggerer ssomed somewhat taken aback, but nuickly asked, 'Well, my lord, can you give mo a ,pldin direction how to got to heaven?',. 'Yos,' said the Bishop, ' turn to tho right, and then keep Btrai'ht ou,' I tbinli tbo Biubup hit tho nail fairly on the head, and gave his questioner confirmation of tho episcopal cleverness, and also an excellent com pendium of Christian theology, which surely would have commended itself to Buskin who asked for a ' plain direction ;' ' turn to tho right, and keep straight on I' There is a movement on foot to establish a national portrait gallery, which shall preserve to posterity the distinguished tnon of thu present. At tho preliminary meeting, the difficulty was recog nised of deciding who the -liptiiiKiiitilie-.l men were. Some tirno ago — I think, under tho auspices of the Jeuniues-Uibbs tioteminont— ;i national portrait gallery in the form of pen and ink sketches of many prominent publio men was published, but did not meet with general acceptance, ft will bo interest ing to know upon what ' basis ' the selection for the proposed national gallery will bo made. Of: tho title of somo to bo so honored, there can be no question. But what of tho many who regard themselves as ' patriots,' uud who, to use the words of tbo (Ihicf Justice, would consider it to be ' a dis tinguished loss to posterity it thoir lineaments ' wcro not bunded down 1 It is ciisier to accord such honors posthumously ; lmt tho idea is to ' secure the shadow ere thu substance fadu.' Leaving tho mothod of selection lo wiser heads, it may bo noted that this national gallery may well lire tho ambition of somo rising politicians, who arc scarcely what one would describe us ' mute, inclorious Miltons.' Not only will they have tho opportunity The uppluuso uf liateuiiif ticuulcs U- command, And rend their history in u nation's eyes, but, Uruy's figure may bo reversed, aud the nation nmy read its history in tho patriot's eyes, which will look benignantly down from the walls ot the national portrait gallery ! Hut, is not this teally the iirst instalment of Hir Henry 1'arkcs' much ilespiscd State House .' I was never among those who so vigorously cuuduuincd tbe idea of tho I'roiuicr— but its ombodiment must be evolved from the lifo of the people, and not be fastened, liko a hugo stag-horn forn, upon it. S. Tuesday, March IU. 