CHAPTER XXVIII. A SPECTRE OF THE PAST. Walter Gray was sitting bolt upright in bed, staring straight before him with wide distended eyes--eyes in which were reflected such a look of terrified surprise as one might expect to see only in the orbs of those who are gazing on some fearful spectacle such as the dead arisen to life, or some dear one suddenly smitten with an awful death. And the dead had arisen to confront Walter Gray. Only a moment or two ago there had stood by his bedside the form of Alice Gray, but whether it was real flesh and blood that he had seen or only a phantom wrought up by his disordered brain he was unable to decide. He was half asleep still, but the fact or fancy, which ever it might be, seemed to have burned itself into his brain. He closed his eyes and tried to think it all a dream, he shook his head and tried to clear his mind of the impression, but the pale sweet face rose vividly before him, those big coal black eyes seemed to be yet staring into his own, and he shuddered as he remembered that he had felt, or seemed to feel, her warm breath play upon his cheek as she had bent over him ere he started suddenly up in the bed and she had glided away. It was a beautiful night in February, and the soft moonlight was flooding the apart- ment. The centre of the chamber was light as day almost, only those corners near the window being in the shadow, and he almost feared to see the object of his alarm step therefrom to again confront him. He held his breath while he listened for the sound of hurrying feet, but nothing struck his listening ears save the soft breathing of his wife, who was fast and peacefully asleep beside him, and the gentle rustle of the window draperies where the soft night air came stealing in through the slightly dropped window. But the chamber door was wide open, and noticing it he suddenly remembered that he himself had closed it ere retiring to rest. How had it come unopened? He knew it was impossible for almost anything save hands to open it, for the spring catch was particularly strong, and the fearful thought grew upon him that what he had seen was not all a dream. Then he remembered that some one else might have been in the room on some thieving business, and that might account for the open door. To satisfy himself he crept quietly from the bed, so as not to disturb Lady Ruth, and went to the mantelpiece on which he had placed his watch. It was there still, and on the dressing-table were several valuable trinkets belonging to her ladyship, so it was clear that no burglarious prowlers had been in the room. Who then had opened the door? Hastily thrusting on his trousers he crept from the room and went downstairs. It was not quite 2 o'clock, and everything was gloomy and still below. The slow tick! tick! of the big case-clock standing in the entrance hall was all he could hear. He stood for a few moments in the semi-darkness at the bottom of the staircase, and suddenly he seemed frozen into stone with terror, his eyes were distended again with that look of unut- terable horror in them, and he could neither cry nor stir from the spot where he was rooted like a statue. There within arm's reach of him was Alice Gray again; the white face turned to his own and the deep black eyes seemed burning into him. He saw nothing but the face before him; for aught he knew there was no body to it, for during those few terrible moments his eyes were fixed on the well-remembered countenance, and all volition had left him. Without sound or warning of any kind the spectre had risen before him as though it had sprung from the ground at his feet; for one or two seconds-- though it seemed to him an hour--that strange white face faced his own; and then it was gone just as suddenly as if it had melted into air. For a few moments longer he stood there spellbound like one under the influence of a foul nightmare, and he had to struggle fiercely before he could break the heavy icy fetters that seemed to crush down his will. Then he was free once more, and all he could hear was the loud tick! tick! tick! of the big old clock. "My God!" he cried hoarsely, "am I going mad? or am I still dreaming?" He sat at the foot of the stairs for half a minute while his brain cleared a little. Then he rose and went right along the corridor into the furthest room, searched it, and found nothing. Every room below stairs that he found unloosed he entered and searched thoroughly, but all were empty of living or dead occupants with the exception of a cat and her ladyship's mastiff, "Cato." Then he remounted the stairs thinking seriously, for the first time since attaining manhood, that the supernatural might not be impossible after all, and believing now that there was more things between heaven and earth than he had dreamt of in his philosophy. As he reached the top of the staircase he heard the clock striking 2. He had been down stairs less than ten minutes and it had seemed to him hours since he had slipt out of bed. He crept back into bed without awaking Lady Ruth, and he lay there think- ing of his dream and his subsequent ex- periences. He had been dreaming a strange weird dream just before he saw, or fancied he saw, Alice Gray standing by the bedside. He and his schoolmistress were again lovers--they were being united in a strange old church, and just as the marriage ceremony was com- pleted a terrible demon with tail, hoof, and immense black wings had suddenly swooped in through one of the open windows and carried off Alice Gray, and the face of the demon was that of Lady Ruth's. In an instant all was changed, and he and Alice were afloat in a boat on a river. Swans were gliding slowly in and out among the water lilies, and Walter saw Alice bending over the side to gather a flower. Suddenly he missed her, and glancing down into the clear water there he saw, far away down in the green pellucid depths, amid a forest of strange plants and a host of huge fishes, his love clutched tightly by the circling fore-leg of a monstrous crocodile, that was crushing its way through the green growth and the other slimy things. And again, as he stared in mute motionless agony at the horrid beast, its head changed to the fair resemblance of Lady Ruth. Then he awoke with a sigh of relief that changed to a low sob of awe, for there bending over him was the white face of the girl he had lost in his dreams, and so close that he felt her warm breath playing on his cheek. Before he could rouse himself to move or speak the face was gone, and the room was empty. His subsequent experiences have already been related. After creeping back to bed Walter had lain for a long while pondering his dreams, and what had followed them, hardly know- ing what was fancy and what was fact, and in his excited frame of mind it seemed possible to him then that the face he had seen twice that night was not a phantom created by a disturbed brain. In the morning he awoke rather later than usual, and he still looked a little heavy. Lady Ruth enquired tenderly if he had slept well, and he put her off with an evasive answer, which she did not notice, as a kiss accompanied it. It was not likely under the circumstances that he would narrate to his wife dreams about an old sweetheart, and now that the light of day was about him, and his intellect clear and unexcited, he was inclined to set down all his experiences of the previous night as dreams or fancies per- taining to a similar source. But an incident of the most trifling charac- ter supplied "confirmation strong as proofs of Holy Writ," that all he remembered of the past night was not fancy. After putting on his trousers Walter was unable to find one of his short straps belonging to the front part of his braces. He distinctly remembered having unbuttoned the missing tackle before retiring at night, but he was not able to find it now. Lady Ruth had gone below, and he searched the apartment thoroughly without success. Going down to breakfast, something bright at the bottom of the staircase caught his eye, and stooping he picked up the missing strap. He knew how it had got there, and he knew also that he had not dreamed of descending the stairs in quest of some midnight prowler. It was at the bottom of the staircase that Alice Grey had appeared to him the second time, and he did not feel so certain now that everything of the past night's experience was a dream. After breakfast Walter went for a walk through the park. He asked Lady Ruth to accompany him, but she had something to attend to, and he was glad, for he wished to be alone that morning. He was uneasy in his mind about last night's experiences, and he wished to be alone that he might review and consider what had transpired--what was fancy and what was fact, or whether all he remembered was pure hallucination. It was a calm, soft morning. Wintry February was nearing its close, and the warmness of the air predicted a fine spring. A soft, warm wind shook the bare limbs of the trees, and the thick brown grass, amid which a few rabbits were gamboling, drawn from their lairs by the mildness of the weather, and quite unconscious of the con- tiguity of a deadly foe, in the shape of a hungry weasel, which was creeping slowly and stealthily towards them. The beauty of the morning had something to do with the view that Walter ultimately took of the matter he had come to consider. Out there amid the trees and grass, with the warm sunlight beating on him and surrounded by grace, light, and life, it was impassible to seriously believe in ghosts, and the idea that he had seen one seemed to be ridiculed by the soft wind, waving grasses, and rustling trees. No one was less superstitious than Walter. His scientific training and the bent of his after studies had made him relegate all supernatural agencies to the limbo of incredi- bility, and nothing short of the experiences of the previous night could have induced him to seriously consider whether it was pos- sible that he had seen a ghost. Pondering the matter carefully, and looking at it from all sides, it seemed to him that his strange dreams were the cause of the phantoms he had afterwards seen. Alice Gray's face had been so vividly impressed upon his brain by the dreams that it had risen before him again the moment he thought of her. Even now in the broad day he could bring her face vividly before him by merely closing his eyes. This was the only conclusion he could arrive at, yet it was far from being satisfac- tory. He knew that the face he had seen while dreaming was not exactly like the face he had seen afterwards. The face of the girl who had been by his side in church and on the lake was the calm, pale face of his old schoolmistress, whilst the face he had seen bent over the bedside and at the foot of the stairs wore a strange, wild look, and instead of the soft masses of curls clustering about temple and brow which he remembered so well, the hair of the spectre, phantasm, or whatever it might be, was unkempt and straggling, and even the face had seemed unclean. This difference of aspect meant much, for Walter argued to himself that if the face he had seen by his bedside and again at the bottom of the staircase were a phan- tasm only, then it ought to have been exactly similar to the face he had seen in his dreams and as he remembered it of old. And there also remained the fact of the open door, and no feat of even the most powerful imagination could account for that. In the end Walter saw that it would be use- less to attempt arriving at a full and satis- factory explanation of the matter. He was unwilling, nay, unable to believe that he had seen a ghost, and nothing short of such a belief would permit him to account for all that had transpired. So he attempted to dismiss the unpleasant affair from his thoughts, but was scarcely able to do so. He found that his thoughts persisted in straying back to the events of the preceding night, and he shuddered as he remembered the nameless horror that had smitten him dumb and powerless when that white-faced spectre or phantasm had so suddenly arisen before him. Returning to the Priory shortly before noon Walter found a telegram from Torleigh awaiting film. It was short, and ran as follows:-- "Pits all stopped here. Men on strike,-- David Morgan." Wondering what was wrong at Torleigh, and why one of his miners, instead of his Manager, had informed him of the matter, Walter resolved to run down to Lancashire and see. He had nothing of importance to attend to at home, and the journey would perhaps drive all thoughts of dreams and ghosts from his mind. So he decided to set out that afternoon after lunch. Enquiring for Lady Ruth he was told she was in the old room, and he went to tell her of his intention of visiting Torleigh. Her lady- ship had two rooms devoted to her own special uses, and they were known commonly as the old and the red rooms. The first named was one of the oldest in the Priory, and whilst almost all the other apartments had been altered to suit modern taste, this chamber had been left untouched, and its fine old wainscoting was said to be several centuries old. There was a fine oriel window looking west, and this was one of her lady- ship's favourite rooms; when Walter was out or away, much of her time was spent there reading or writing, for it appeared from her own observations to her husband that the world might be startled some day by a great romance from her pen. The red room was the lovely lotus-land in which her ladyship loved to lounge with her mate, passing the hours in dalliance sweet, and With half-shut eyes ever to seem Falling asleep in a holy dream; To dream and to dream. The room owed its tinted appellation to the colour of its garniture, all the hangings, draperies, carpet, and upholstery being in different shades of crimson, and the apart- ment was well suited to the sybaritic tastes and dark wondrous beauty of the syren, who had made it her love-den. There her splendid voice breathed forth love's tenderest ditties for the sole delectation of her lord. Walter made his way to the old room, which was on the ground floor at an angle of the Priory, but he found the door fast, and no one answered his repeated knocks. Lady Ruth often fastened the door, when she left her MS.S. loosely scattered about the desk, for fear some of the servants might displace or destroy it, and thinking the domestic had been mistaken in the apartment he went to the red room, expecting to find his wife there. But the chamber was empty, nor did it appear that her ladyship had been there that morning, for the piano was closed, and not a book or couch out of its place on shelf or by the wall, where the chambermaids would persist in putting them. Thinking Lady Ruth had gone out for a short stroll, un- noticed by the servants, he was going to his own room, when meeting his wife's maid he asked if her mistress had come in yet, and was surprised to hear that her ladyship had not been out that morning, and that she was then in the old room, having been there most of the morning. Going to the old room again, Walter found the door still closed, but it opened to his hand, and there in a deep easy-chair in the window was Lady Ruth reading, or pre- tending to read, Swinburne's "Chastelard." As he entered she looked up, saying:-- "Ah, Walter, just listen to this; and she read about a dozen lines, ending thus-- Then there was some low, fluttered talk i' the lips, Faint sound of fierce, soft words caressing them--- Like a fair woman when her love gets way. Ah! your old kiss--I know the ways of it: Let the lips cling a little: take them off, And speak some word, or I go mad with love. "Isn't that bit delicious, dear?" she asked, putting down the book and going to him. "No poet is able to interpret love in all its phases--its softness and heat--as Swinburne is. I think, dear, that he must have loved some one--as I love you." "I doubt it, Ruth," he said, kissing the red lips held up to him and smiling. "Now won't you admit that he is rather too warm at times, and now and again guilty of iteration and reiteration? Don't all his women have beautiful passionate bodies, heavy white limbs, lips fall of lust and laughter, cruel red mouths, like venemous flowers, whose kisses bite and burn?" "He only makes all his women beautiful, as all women ought to be, and he but gives full play to the passion inherent in every woman, but only developed in a few--Well, did you enjoy your walk?" "Very much, and I think you might have accompanied me, for I believe you've only been dozing here all the morning." "My dear, I've been working," she replied, pointing to some sheets of MS.S. lying on her desk. "But I was here a few minutes ago and the door was fastened, and I believe you were dozing, for I knocked without disturbing you." "Well, I admit the crime--did you get that telegram? It came soon after you went out; I expect it is nothing to take you away?" "The telegram is from Torleigh, and singularly enough, it has not been sent by Mr. Fairhurst, the Manager, but by one of the miners, David Morgan, the father of the poor fellow who was killed. The pits are stopped and the men on strike it seems, and it is remarkable that Fairhurst has not in- formed me of it. I am thinking of running over there after lunch, and I shall most likely get back for dinner. You know this Fair- hurst is the new Manager whom I appointed when Mr. Birley resigned, and I fear he is too harsh with the men. I have been pre- judiced against him for some time, and the men dislike him I know." "Then why did you appoint him?" "Well, the man is clever enough, under- stands the mines thoroughly, having worked there many years, and as he had worked hard to qualify himself for the post and was next to Birley, I gave him the place, thinking he would take a hint from me and try to make himself more popular with the workmen." It was still early in the afternoon when Walter reached Torleigh. The railway ran past the collieries, and he saw that the great pulleys hung motionless over the pits, and that little work of any sort was going on. The station was half a mile or so from the collieries, and on alighting it occurred to Walter to call on old "Daff" Morgan, the sender of the telegram, as he would have to walk past his door on his way to the pits. Old "Daff" Morgan was one of Walter's oldest and favourite workmen, having worked for his uncle a long while, and he was one of those sturdy-minded, respectable, unlearned fellows found not infrequently among his class. Even as a lad Walter had liked the old miner, and since the death of his son he had treated the old fellow generously. Reaching the house Walter found the door open, and he walked without ceremony into the clean little kitchen, with its spotless floor sprinkled with fine red sand. Mrs. Morgan was busy getting "baggin" ready--- as the afternoon meal is termed in Lanca- shire--when Walter entered and enquired for her husband. "Daff" was in the back yard busy among his pigeons, and he did not seem very much surprised by the sight of his visitor. Walter took a cup of tea with the old folk, and presently he asked what was up at the collieries. "Hannot yo' seen Mester Fair'u'st?" asked the old miner. "No, I have only just come from the station, and I dropped in to see why you had sent me word of the stoppage. I hadn't heard of it before I received your telegram this morning. How long have the pits been idle?" "On'y sin' yister mornin'," "It's strange Fairhurst didn't send me word." "Haply he didn't want yo' to know abeaut um bein' stopt, bur ah meant tellin' yo', an' ah thowt yo'd be here sometime to-day." Walter sat sipping his tea, while Morgan, in his quaint Lancashire tongue, narrated the origin of the strike. It appeared that the Manager had tried to reduce the wages of a miner named Kirke, and the men had struck in a body against it, fearing that it was only the thin edge of the wedge, and their wages also would be reduced if they permitted it. This was the ostensible reason of the strike, but it seemed that the Manager was greatly detested by the miners, as he was always fining some of them heavily for all sorts of petty offences. But it appeared from Morgan's tale that the Manager had been persecuting Kirke for some months, wishing to drive him away from the place, that Kirke was a successful rival, having won many years before a pretty milliner with whom Fairhurst had been in love; and it seemed that the Manager was now paying off the debt of hatred he owed the man who had married his sweetheart. This story tallied somewhat with Jack Mathas's case, for it was Fairhurst who had driven him to America, and Walter resolved to get rid of the Manager at once if, on investi- gation, he discovered old Morgan's story to be true. Getting Kirke's address from old "Daff" Walter went there, and what the miner told him corresponded in every way with what he had previously heard. In every possible way Fairhurst had vented his spite on Kirke; fining him repeatedly; throwing him idle by stopping his place; and, finally, had taken threepence per ton off the price paid him for getting coal. Thence Walter went to his Manager, and wished to know why he had not been informed of the stoppage of the collieries. The answer received was most unsatisfactory, and then Walter told Fairhurst what he had heard of his persecuting Kirke. Guilt showed itself in the confused speech and heated face of the Manager, despite his vehement denial of the charge. Walter was satisfied of its truth, still he went to the other officials of the colliery, who might be assumed to be inde- pendent witnesses of the matter, and from them he obtained confirmation of the story Morgan and Kirke had narrated. The same evening the Manager received notice of dismissal, and Walter returned to Aldayne. But before leaving Torlelgh he called upon Jack Mathas's relatives to en- quire how he was getting on, according to his letters, and he was pleased to hear that Jack was thinking of returning in a month or two. Then it struck Walter that he had now a capital opportunity of doing something for his old friend. In a month a new Manager would be required for the Torleigh collieries, and no one was better fitted for such a posi- tion than Jack Mathas; for apart from his cleverness as a miner, he was intimately acquainted with every one of the Torleigh mines, as he had worked in them for many years as a boy and a man. Glad of the opportunity to do Jack a good turn, he obtained his address in order that he might write to him, and after dinner the same evening, he penned and dispatched a missive to Virginia City, bidding Mathas to get back as quickly as possible to claim the Managership of the Torleigh Collieries. When he penned that letter he had naught in view but the benefiting of a friend; he never dreamt that Jack Mathas's return to England would be the first step towards the unravelling of a long tangled chain of mystery and sin. 