THE DAY OF REST. A SERMON by C. H. SEUHGBON. THE CHILD OF LIGHT. WALKING IN DARKNESS. " Who is among yon that feareth the Lord, that obeyeth the voice of His servant, that walketb in darkness, and hath no light, let him trust In the name of the Lord, and stay npon his God.—Isaiah DO. See how the Lord enqnbes for his people. In every congregation He aaks this question, " Who is among you that feareth the Lord ? These are the wheat npon i he threshing floor. As to the thought less, " What is the chaff to the wheat V saith the Lord. 0 be Lira's heart is towards the hearts that fear him, and He makes enquiry concerning them because tie lores them, and cares for them, and helps them in their day ot trouble. \- Observe how clearly the Lord describes His own people. The description is brief, bnt remarkably fall—" Who is among yon that feareth the Lord, that obeyeth the voice of His servant?" Holy, reverence within the heart, anil careful obedience manifested in the life, these are the two infallible marks. of the tree man of Gqd. He fears bis God, and therefore be obeys that heavenly - messenger whom God has sent. - No servant of,God has each authority over us that we are bound to obey bim in all things, except One— ] that Serrua servorum, that Servant of servants, who was also Bex regain, the King of kings. It is | the mark of the child of God that he hath a holy awe of the Father, and that He pays gracious obedience to the Son ol God. The Lord Snoweth them that are Hie, and from that perfect know ledge He draw* this short bnt sufficient outline of the character of "I' own. May holy fear and con stant obedience be in us and abound. '■ Note that the Lord not only makes an enquiry for these people, but He takes note of their con dition.- He is not indifferent to their state. When they walk in darkness He is with them, and when hey have no light He still beholds them. The Lord la very sensitive to the sorrows of Hie chosen, j and very quick to help them. When He finds them walking in darkness He graciously counsels and advices them, that so He may most effectually help them. Tbns saith the gracious Lord to the benighted one," Let him trust in the name of the Lord,' and stay upon his God." That same God ! who saith of His vineyard," I the Lord do keep it; I will water it every moment; leat^any hurt it, I will keep it night and day," also spies out His children in the dark, and looking npon them with an eye of tender love, He directs their course. This la the word of wisdom by which He directs each one of them through the darkness, " Let him trust in the name of the Lord, and stay npon his God." To come at once to the text without farther preface, l[shall notice, first, what is this condition in which some of God's people are found ? They walk in darkness, and nave no light. Secondly, what is there to trnst to when a man is in each a condition? All is dark, and there is no light and he ia then bidden to trust. What is there to trust to ? Thirdly, why should we thuB trust ? What is the warrant for trusting at such a time? And j fourthly, what will come of Bnch a trust ? If a man really exhibits confidence in God when he has no light.what will be the end of his confidence ? , I. First, then, what 1b this condition into which a child ot God may come? The person described Is one that fears the Lord, and obeys the voice of His servant, "yet walketh in darkness, and hath no light." To many who know nothing of Christian ex perience this condition might seem to be a sur prising one. Shall the child of light walk in dark ness ? The normal condition of a child of God is to walk in the light, as God is in the light, and to i have fellowship with Him; bow comes he then to have no light? He that believes in the Lord Jesus ' Christ has passed from darkness to light, and be shall never come Into condemnation; bow then does he come into darknesB? In the darkness of eln and ignorance we no longer walk; but with the darkness of trouble and per plexity we are sometimes surrounded. The Lord is j our light and onr salvation, and therefore we do not walk in that darkness wherein the prince of dark ness rules supreme, but yet at times we are In the gloom of sadness, and we see no light of consola- | tion. It is not always so. Many Christian people i fo on year after year in uninterrupted sunshine, and do not see why we should not all look upon con tinned joy in the Lord as possible to ourselves. Why should not our peace flow on like an ever widening river? Those ol you who aTe always bright need not be afraid of yonr gladness. Oh, Lord, we are now and then in the dark, but we do not wish others to be so. Spiritual darkness of any sort is to be avoided, and not desired: and yet ear prising as it may seem to be it is a fact that some of the best of God'a people frequently walk in dark ness ; ay, some of them are wrapt in a Sevenfold gloom at times, and to them neither sun, nor moon, nor stars appear. As the pastor of a large Church, I have to observe a great variety of experiences, and I note that some whom I greatly love and esteem, who are in my judgment among the very choicest of God's people, nevertheless, travel most of the way to heaven by night. They do not rejoice in the light of God's countenance, though they trnst in the shadow of Hie wings. They are on their wav to eternal light, and yet they walk in darknesB. Heirs of a measureless estate ot bliss, they are now with out the smalt change and spending money of com fort which woulii make their present existence delightful. It is idle to attempt to judge a man's real character before God by his present state of feeling. You may be full of mirth, and yet it may be the crackling of thorns under a pot, which ia noisy for the time but is soon over. On the other hand you may be bound down with sorrow, and yet it may only be that" light affliction which is bnt tor a moment," which worketb out for yon " a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory." We should have thought, judging alter the manner of men, that the good were always happy, as one of onr children's songs so positively declares. When first brought home to the great Father, we thoaght that henceforth it would be all mnslc, and dancing, and fatted calf, world withont end. But it is not so. We have 'heard the elder brother's ungenerous voice since then, and we have found out I many things which we wish we conid forget. We dreamed that the year would be summer throughout all its months; the time of the singing of birds was come, and we reckoned that it was to continne throngb the year. Alas, the birds have ceased their | songs, and the swallows are pluming their wings to depart, and in a few daya we shall be walking among the falling leaves, and preparing onr winter garments wherewith' to meet the biting frosts. We have not fonnd perfect bliss beneath the moon. If instead of judging by the sight of onr eyes, we had turned to the records of the family of God, we should long ago have been disabused of our ideal heaven below. It is written, "Whom the Lord loveth He chastenetb, and sconrgeth every eon whom He recelveth." Between the head of the way and the Celestial City the road is rough and the nights ate long. . They that go on pilgrimage tell us of the Delectable Mountains, and they dilate npon the glittering hilltops of glory which they have seen from afar when gazing from Mount Clear, but they also warn us of the Bill Difficulty, and especially of the Valley of the Shadow of Death, through which all those most force their way who are resolved to go on pilgrimage to the City of God. Be not, therefore, surprised as though some strange thing had happened unto you if you find yourself in dark- 1 nese, for this text warns you of what yon may ex pect. We may fear God and carefully obey His ser vant, and yet we maybe out alter dark ana find the streets of daily life aa foggy and obscure for us as for others. ' This condition is a severe test of grace. Now we shall tee how far the man's courage is of the right sort. Darkness is an evil that onr soul does not love, and by it all onr faculties are tried. If yon are in yonr own honae in the dark It does not n>a> ter, though children do not like to be put to bed In the dark even in tbeiroirn little room, bnt if yon are on a journey and yon come to a wild moor, or a vatt wood, or to terrible mountains, it appals yon to find that the son is setting, and that yon will be abroad in the dark. Darkness has a terrible power of causing fear; its mystery is an inflnence creating dread. It is not what we see that we dread so much as that which we do not see, and therefore exaggerate. When darkness lowers down npon the believer's mind it is a great trial to bis heart. He cries, "Where am I, and how came I here? If I be achlldof God, why am I thus? Did I really rep snt and obtain light so aa to escape the darkness of sin ? If go, why am I conscious of this thick gloom ? Did InaliyjoyinChrlstandthinkl had received the atonement? Why, then, haB the enn of my joy gone down so hopeleBriy ? Where are now the loving kindnesses of the Lord ?" The good man begins to question himself ob to every point of his profession, for in the dark he cannot even judge his own j self. What la worse, be sometimes questions 1 and donbts the very ground on which his foot is resting. Satan wUlcome in with vile insinuations questioning everything, even as be questioned God's word when he ruined onr race in the garden. It is powible at Mich times ■ Ten to question the existence if the God we love, though we BtUl cling to Him with desperate resolve. We undergo a life and death B' niggle while we hold on to the divine verities. We are at turea eotely put tu it, and scarce know what to do. like the mtrinen with whom Paul sailed, we cast fonr anchors out of the stem and look for the day. Oh, that we could be certain that we; are the Lord's I Ob, that we could apprehend the sure promises of the Lord, and cur portion in them 1 For awhile the'darkness is all around us, and we per ceive no candle of the Lord, or spark of experimen tal light with which to break the gloom. Thfe | darkness , is very trying to faith, trying to love, try. ing to hfipe, trying to patience, trying to every grace of the spiritual man. Blessed Is the man who can endure this test. The real darkness has come when onr evidences of grace are no longer visible, and'conscience pro- ; nonnoee an adverts verdict. As the Psalmist says, "We see not our' signs." The marks of grace are hidden. Self-examination fails to reveal to the conscience the infallible marks of the Holy Spirit's work within the soul, and then the child of Hod feels that he is In an evil case. While I know I am the son of God I am undismayed; but when my son ship is in doubt 1 am distressed Indeed. If a clear sense of God's love is also withdrawn from the sonl darkness follows. He that nsed to rejoice In that love which passeth knowledge now feels hie heart to be as hard as a stone, without tender emotion, and almost without living desire. To bs dull, and dead, and stupid and unfeeling is sad indeed to one who aforetime could dance for joy. To have the life and energy of grace decline is a grievous matter. Better to see the flock cnt off from the fold than grace from the heatt. At such times the Holy Ghost seems to suspend His comfort ing and quickening operations, and in that cue the outward means are of small avail. We read the Bible, and are not cheered by the promises; we attend pnblic services, and the Bllver bells of the sanctuary seem to have lost their music. The rain does not fill the pools, and when the cisterns are npty what la the gooi of them ? The Holy Spirit leavl ' ■" is leaving us for a while, that we may know what poor things we are apart from Him, and how use leBB [are ordinances without His divine presence in them. At such times Satan is sure, coward as he Is, to avail himself of his opportunity. When ho finds us in the dark lane he falls upon us like a cat throat. When the Lord Is manifestly with us he skulksoff; but when he eeea that darkness Is round about us be seoks to drive us from our laith. " This is your hour," said Christ, " and the po wer of dark ness," and we have had to say the same. Satan makes earnest use of his jiour, aud it is no fault of his that we do not die fn the dark, and utterly perlBh j from the way. Let it be clearly known that some of us who can this day speak with folly assured con fidence have, in dajs gone by, been Borely shaken, and have cried nnto the Lord out of the low dungeon. Kvery particle of the faish which I have this day in the Lord my God has passed through fire and through water. This flaming torch of con fidence 'which bnrnB before yon tnis day was lighted for me when I was In darkness. Though we joy before the Lord as with the joy of harvest, yet we look back upon the time when we went forth I weeping, bearing precious seed. AU are not equally made to sorrow; hue many of us are familiar with the wine of astonishment. Sorely, at some time or other, all the children of God wale In darkness. Yet yon notice in the text that this does not absolve ns from daily duty. The text eaith, " If he walk in darkness, and see no light." The walk has to be continued though the light has departed. When it is quite dark it is sate to alt down till the day dawns.' if I cannot sleep, at any rate I can qnletiy rest till the sun is up. He that bellevelh shall not make haste, and in the dark it is best to tarry till the day dawn and the shadows flee away. That was a grand word which the Lord gave to Moses, "Stand still, and aee the salvation of the Lord." But what If yoa cannot stand still? What If yon may not rema'n where yon are ? something has to be done, and done at once; and thns you are compelled to walk on, though yon cannot Bee an Inch before you. What but a divine faith oan do this ? Here lies the stress of the difficulty—inaction might be simple, but activity in the dark, this must be the Lord's doing, and we must cry to Him to work this work In us. But enough of this. I have given yon a pictnre which some of you will recognise as a portrait of yourBelveB. Personally I have often passed through this dark valley—there is a bog on the right hand, end a deep gulf on the left; and all along the murky way the howling of the dogs of bell, and the hissing of evil spirits, are never out of one's ears; and, worst of all, the whispering of the fiend make yon think his vile suggestions to be your own thoughts. The Bword in the hand becomes useless, for in the dark yon do not know where to strike, and no weapon remains except that of all prayer. To walk on all through the night, and not to aee a step before yon, is anxious work, and yet thousands of God's pilgrims who are now yonder among the shining ones, praising and blessing His holy name, have traversed this dreadful road. Lord help us when we also penetrate its blackness 1 XL Bnt now, secondly, X am going to turn to a 1 practical part of this matter—What is there to trust to when you are in such condition as that? What is there to trust to ? Well, says the text, " Let him trust in the name of the Lord," or, as it should be read; " in the name of Jehovah." What is there to trnst to in the name ol Jehovah? It Is "I am," and signifies His self-existence. This is a fine foundation for trust. Your friend is desd, bnt Jehovah is still living as the " I Am." Those whoconld have succoured you have forsaken you, bnt He says, " I am with thee." Trust thou in him, for He is, and ever will be. He says to thee, " Be ! still, and know that I am God." The name of the Lord contains within it immu tability. The Lord calls Himself. "Ian that I am"—the unchanging Godl Bemembsr how He 1 said, " I am the Lord, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed." When you can not see an inch before you, trust In Him that is, that was, and is to come. He is onr dwelling place in all generations. He is the "same yesterday, to-day, and for ever," and hence onr confidence In Him "should not abate. Here is a rock under our feet. If you bust in an unchanging God, whose love, and faithfulness, and power cannot be diminished, however dark your way may be, then you have a glorious object for your faith to rest ! uponl But we understand by the name the revealed character of God. When thou canst not see thy way, then open this Book and try to find out what sort oi God it is in whom then dost trust. See what 1 He did in the ages past; see what He has promised to do in all time present. Behold His infinite love in the gift of His dear Son. Think of ell the immeasurable blessings which He has prepared f ir them that love Him, which Bo hath laid up for I the golden age. As thou rememberest what the j lord is, and how He deals with his people, thou wilt fin d light springing np in the midst of the thfck darknees. What a joy it mnst have been to Moses when God proclaimed before him the name of the Lord ? Moses hes asked to see God's glory, and we reed, " The Lord passed by before him and proclaimed, 'The lord, the Lord God, merciful and gradons, long suffering, and abnndant in goodness and trntb, keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving nlqulty, and transgression, and sin.' As Jyou study the glorious character of the Lord God, whose mercy ' endureth for ever, I think you will find your spirit rising above the floods of your trouble, and floating joyously upon the watsrs even as the ark of Noah in the day of the deluge. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. " They that know Thy name will put their trnst In Thee." By " the name of the Lord" is also meant His dear Eon, for it is in Jesns Christ that Jehovah has pro claimed His name. Jesns says, " He that hath seen Me bath seen the Father." When it is dark aronnd thee and within thee, then get to thy Savionr, and think of Him. and all His sorrow and His victory. Picture Him before thine eye, bleeding His life away open the cross for thee, offering Himself np a glorious sacrifice to pnt away thy tin; and as thou hearest His cries, and percelvest the flowing of HIb blood, thon wilt gainscomfort and joy such as will torn thy darkness into day. Bnt, furthermore, the text says, "Let him stay upon his God." Let him lean upon his God; make God his stay, bis prop, his rest. This is a variation from tile former sentence. He was to trnst in the name of Jehovah; bnt now he is to lean upon " his God" Ton have taken God to be your God, have yon not? If so, He has also taken you to be His j own. There ib a covenant between yon; lean on that covenant. Treat It as a valid covenant in foil force. Bnrely thon art not dealing with a liar. That covenant of the Lord which was sealed and ratified by an oath— nniely thon dost not think little of it? Well, now, lean wholly and fully upon Him who is thy covenant God.' Brethren, I am often brought to this pass, that I say to myself—Lord, if these Scriptnres be not indeed a revelation of God, and Inspired, then it is all over with me, for I have no other hope. Bnt if this Book be a faithful record of what God has said to me—and I am sore it is— then I cannot too confidently rest in wbnt he has here recorded. I will prove the trntb of His gospel. I will lean upon His promise with all my might. I have never yet bong a weight upon God'spromlse too heavy (or it to bear. I have never trailed God In prayer with a confidence beyond what I have known to justify. Hitherto we have need tests innumerable and proofs superabundant, and we find the old Book to be tone. As silver tried in a fornaee of earth, purified seven times, so we have found the promises and the covenant of God. Wherefore I say unto you, in the language of oiir text, ft yon walk in darkness, and have no light, trust in the name of the Lord, and stay yourself upon your God. itt Thirdly, and wfth great brevity, why sbonld we trust God at encb times? If the Lord has taken away the light, and is trying as so severely; why Bhonld we trust Him now f I answer, ii yon do not trnst Him now, yon will have cause to suspect whether you ever did truBt H|m at all. When your children were about you, and you were healthy, honoured, and prospering, you raid, "I have, faith in God." Was it faith If It departs from you now that your children are burled, and your home is desolate, and you yourself are sick, and old, and poor? Was it faith in God at all? Was ft not a cheerfulness which arose out of your surroundings ! If yon cannot bear to be stripped as Job was.-have yon like precious faith with tnat man of God ? Shir* weather faith Is a poor imitation of the real grace. I entreat you to play the man, and say, "Though He slay me, yet will I trust in Him for if you cannot do so your strength is small and your faith is 'ques tionable. Thou are bound to trust in the Lord now in the tine of darkness, because His promises were made for dark times. When a shipwright builds a vpssel, does he build it to keep it upon the stocks ? . Nay, he builds it for the sea and the storm. When he was making it be (thought of tempests and hurri canes 4 if he did not ne was a poor shipbuilder. When God made thee a believer he meant to try thee, and when He gave thee the promises, and bade thee (trust them, He gave such promises as are suitable for times oi tempest and toiBing. Host thou think God makes sbams like some that have made belts for swimming, which were good to ex hibit in a shop, but of no use in the sea. We bave all beard oi swords which were useleas in war, and t ven oi shoes which were made to sell, but .were never meant to walk in. God's shoes are of iron and brass, and you can walk to heaven in .them without their ever wearing out; and His lifebelts, you may swim a thousand Atlantics.upon them, and there will be no fear of your stoking. His word of promise is.meBnt .to be tried and proved, 0 man, I beseech you do not treat God's promises as ii they were curiosities for a muauem, but use them as everyday sourceB of comfort. Trust the Lord whenever your time of need comes on. Besides, notice .that here a permit is esperislly issued for yon, to allow you to trast in God in dark ness. Tnut saith the Lord, " Let him trust." Satan says he shall not trust, bnt the Lord says, " Let him trustBnd if the Lord gives us permission to trust wewill not suSer the world, the flesh, or the Devil to keep us back from our privilege. " Let him trust" is our divine warrant for reposing on the Lord; and we mean to use It. This is the password which lets us through the gates of the promise into the royal chamber of rest. Bo remember one thing more, that you and I, in times of darkness, may well trust in God that He will not full us for our blessed Lord and Master was uot spared the blackest midnight that ever fell on human mind. Be. too, cried out, " What shall I ray!" Distraction seized upon His mind also, and He was exceeding sorrow!ul, even unto death. Dost thou expect that thou Bhalt be treated better than the Head of the house, the "firstborn among many brethren J" If He trusted fn God and was de livered, do thou the same, and thocshelt follow in His footsteps into the brightness of the light, even as thou has followed those footsteps into the black nesss and the darkness, 17\. Sol finish with this last point—what will come of It if we do trnst in God in the dark ? Now, whether you are saint or sinner, I want you to ltnd me your ears for a minute or two while I try to show you what will come of trusting in God when yon have nothing else to trust to. In the first place, such a faith will glorify God. It dees not glorify God to trust Htm when you have a thousand other props and assistances. No, we glorify Him when we trust His bare arm. It honours God when in dsrkness, despondency, and despair we can bravely say, "Still I believe Him. I take hold upon His strength in the midst oi my feeble ness. If I perish, I perish, bat I know he will not let me perish trusting in Him." The cherubim and seraphim glorify God with their endless songs, but not more than a poor downcast soul can do when in its diatretsit casts itself on Gad alone, flee what thou canst do I Will not this argument move thee to trust, to trust even now, when all things seem to go lawry? Some of you can sincerely say, " We would gladly do or suffer anything to glorify God." Well, do this—believe in tbe Lord ana in Jesas Christ, whom He hath sent. In tbe next plaoe, it is true that very likely through this darkness of yours yon will behnmbled. Walking in darkness and seeing no light, you will form a very low idea of yourself, and this will be a choice blessing. We undervalue humility, but it is one of tbe most golden of the graces. Perhaps Borne of ub need humbling more than any other operation of tbe Holy Spirit. I believe that those who des pond and despair are all the happier when humility hath had her perfect work upon them. We are so great! So big I That letter " I"—there aeems to be a kind of sarcasm in ithe form of it; It is'such a stright, unbending letter, it never bows its knee or its back! Peradventure our darkness is sent to us to make our pride stoop towards the ground, while it gropeB Its way. Deliverance irom pride will be a lasting gain to us. Omy friend, thou art getting good by the painful process which reveals to thee thy littleness. Do not fret because thou now seest thy folly, thy helplessness, thine emptineis ; all this will be a mine oi wealth to thee. And let me close by saying that by-and-by—and perhaps much sooner than we think—we shall come out into greater light than we have as yet hoped for. Perbapn half a mile ahead you will find light springing up,'evenlight which baslong ago been sown tor the righteous. Your weeping la nearly over. Joy cometh in the morning. You shall sit down and say, " I did not think the day would break so soon; but now tbe sun is up I perceive that even In the night I have been preserved from a thousand dangers, audi have passed safely where none but tbe Lord bimself could have held me up." Brethren, let us even now sing unto the Lord a new song, for Ho hath done marvellous thiogs. He has led the blind by a way that they knew not. He has given us treasures oi darkness. He has turned our morning into dancing. He has made us glad in His name. Praise to Him for ever, yea, praise for evermore. How loudly some «f us will sing when ones we get to heaven I When we leap ashore upon tbe {:olden strand how we will magnify that omnipotent ove which kept us from 10,000 devouring waves 1 Sorely in the heavenly choir? certain voices reach to higher notes than all others,<for they have known tbe heights and depths of love divine. There will bea fain ess, roundness, and sweetness of tone about certain voices which shall make them notable amcng tbe celestials, even as Heman, and Asaph, and Ethan were notable amonget the sweet singers of Israel in the temple below. Who are these, and whence came they 1 Surely the cue answer will be, " Th*«e are they that came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them. white in the blood ot tbe Lamb."l Wherefore be of good cheer, O ye people of God who walk in darkness; for yon shall have a full reward. And youpoor tronbled ones, who ;have as yet no hopes and are afraid that God has cast yon away for ever, come and rest In Jesiu Christ this morn ing. Trust in Jesus, and defy the darkness and the Devil who rules over it. So soon as you dare to trust in Christ Jesus our Lord, yonr salvation is secured. Do but trast, and your (Saviour is bound to answer to your trust, and make it good by saving you. The Lord bless you for Jesus's sake. Amen. 