WcweHat. The Midnight Prophecy OB THE HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER XLIX. LADY PEABl HAS AN ADVENTURE. Lady Neville was slightly indisposed, and the earl had gone to Lancaster in regard to business matters, he Baid; but. for no other reason, as his sister very well knew but to visit the Lancaster Moor Asylum, and make arrangements to oarry out his insane intentions; which, no doubt, was the sole cause of her lady ship's indisposition; for she locked her self in her chamber, and spent the forenoon pacing up and down like an enraged tigress, wishing sincerely that she had the power to consign her brother to the tender meroieB of a mad- house, as Bhe had done his wife. Meanwhile the countess took a fancy to drive to the ruins of an old oastle somewhere amid the highlands, and near whioh was a noted oavern. So the pony-phaeton was brought out, and a basket of sandwiches, and two or three bottles of ohampagne packed under the seat, and Lady Marguerite and Sir Bayard summoned to aocompany her. Lady Marguerite was not at all averse to going, and the baronet would have followed anywhere in the wake of the countess; her gold attraoted him as a magnet attracts steel. The day was fine in the forenoon, and their drive was quite pleasant, and they found the old rums grand and picturesque beyond all description.' The countess, who was quite a traveller in her way, was especially delighted. "What a charming old place I" she cried, as they sat in a dim old chapel, with fretted coiling and stained windows, sipping their champagne ; " aud since I come to remember it, you used to be an actist, Sir Bayard," she added, turning upon the baronet; "how is.it. we see none of your work now I" The baronet blushed like a girl, ar.d stammered in dire confusion. "Pshaw I" ejaculated the countess J " what are you blushing about ? I detest bashful men ; if you have a talent for anything 'tis nothing to be ashamed of." Sir Bayard managed to got his voice, but it quavered dreadfully. He did well- he used to sketch a long while ago -when he was travelling-but " No buts about it," said the dowager. .'You're not so clever that you need to drop your accomplishments-I'd like to have a sketch of these ruins-so do you purchase materials in Perth, and we'll drive over again in a few days, and you shall make a sketch for me." The baronet bowed in silonce, but his face looked like the faoe of a condemned criminal. The countess stared in amaze ment. " Whai is the matter ?" she oried ; " one minute you're as red as a rose, and thenext as white as a ghost. Are you Sir Bayard was not quite well; he had uoeu troubled with dizziness for a day or two. He would walk about a little ; it would soon wear off. Accordingly, he strolled off in one direction, and Lady Marguerite, watching her opportunity, disappeared in another; the countess, remaining in the chapel, to rest herself and finish her champagne. "How the poor girl does detest him ?" she murmured ; " and I don't wonder at it muoh. .Bayard Brompton's a queer fellow sonne way-he's got a secret that troubles him. I wonder what it is ? But no matter," she added, turning back to her ohampagne, "he's one of my own race, and she shall marry him-it may be the means of saving him from disgrace and ruin." Meanwhile, Lady Marguerite made her Way through the mouldering walls of the old castle, and out of the warm, summer air. The clouds were gathering in the west, but the Bun still shone, and the breeze was sweet and fresh. She strolled down the ruined avenue, beneath the wnmpering fir branchos, and out into the green, open park. The prospect around her was indescribably grand and beauti ful. On one hand towered the bold, bleak valleys, and now and then the glittering gleam of some mountain lake, and far below flashed the spires of Perth and distant Dundee. There was a fallen statue near at hand, a modern Apollo, half imbedded in the rfink grass, his lyre broken, and all his god-liko beauty falling to decay. Lady seated herself upon this fallen god, ana leaning her lovely brow on her hand, gazed out upon the glorious summer saenes with sad, sad eyes. So young, and yet so utterly miserable 1 The very sunlight seemed to fall upon her bowed head, with its crown of silken gold in pitying tenderness. She was thinking of the baronet, the ®an who was to bo lier husband, wonder* . *og why it was that his very presence in spired her with such disgust, and aversion ? Sho could not bear to be iu the same room with him, and yet in three short months sho would be his wife ! ^ " I cannot," sho murmurod, the silent tears falling over her cheeks. _ "Surely God will let me die and escape it. Poor papa, I would give my life to please and comfort him, but I can never be that man's wife." And then her fancy, by a sudden and capricious transition, recalled another face, a" handsome, manly face, lit by bright brown eyes. Poor little Pearl sighed, and a vivid red flushed her waxen cheeks. . She was an earl's daughter, yet she was quite as full of idle fancies, and silly, girlish dreams, as the humblest peasant girl upon her father's domains. She sat there in the old park, on the fallen statue of Apollo, dreaming in the bright summer sunshine, and always in her dreaming those bright brown eyes were present. Foolish, foolish little Pearl I The sound of an approaching footstep startled her, and Bhe Bprang up, in haBte to fly back and escape an interview with Sir Bayard ; but she mot face to face not Sir Bayard, but Captain Fossbrooke. He bowed with courtly grace, that pleasant smile of his making his brown eyes irresistible. Lady Marguerite flushed like a rose in her embarrassment. " I beg you pardon, Lady Marguerite," said the captain, "but you were just what I needed to make my sketch perfect" -he pointed towards his portfolio and drawing materials, which lay a few feet distant-" and my patron saint sent you to ait on the fallen Apollo. Will you look at my sketch V Lady Marguerite followed liim, and he laid before her, with pardonable pride, a masterly sketch of the hoary old ruins, and of the green park, with herself seated on the fallen marble, and the bold peaks, and the rolling highlands in the distance. " Why, what an artist you are, Captain Fossbrooke," Bhe said, simply. " I never saw anything BO perfect. How it would delight the countess." " Do you think so ? Then the countess must see it," smiled the captain. He took up his portfolio, und they walked on side by side. " I did not dream of such a pleasure as meeting your ladyship," ho Baid. " When I came out to sketch this morning I thought you were at the Towers." Lady Marguerite blushed vividly be neath his admiring glances. " We came across over a week ago," she replied. " We are staying at Ravens wold, an old highland country-house belonging to the counteBS." "Ah, I understand! How long shall you remain ?" "Until the last of September, 1 think." " That's pleasant," cried the captain, I'm here myself for the summer. I've abandoned the sword, for the hot weather at least." They had reached the ruins by this time, and as they turned into the gcand vestibule, clambering over heaps of rubbish, they came upon Sir Bayard, wholly recovered from his dizziness,-it appeared, and coming in search of Lady Marguerite. If a ghost, from one of the mouldering tombs below the chapel, had confronted him, he could not have looked more startled than he did at Bight of the captain. He looked like a statue, his face growing livid, his eyes wide and staring. " How are you to-day, Sir Bayard ?" said the captain, extending his hand with frank cordiality. The baronet gave him the tips of his fingers, a scowling frown contracting his brows. The next instant he olFered his arm to Lady Marguerite, and led her away-the countess was awaiting her ho 8tiid. Nothing dashed by his evidi nt dislike and ill-humor, the captain followed them into the grand gloom of the old chapel, where the counteBS still sat. She looked up in unutterable surprise at his sudden appearance. " Why, bless my soul," she exclaimed, regarding him over her goggles, " who is it ? Why, 'tis Foasbrooke-Captain Fossbrooke I" The captain bowed profoundly, and ex pressed himself highly flattered to know that her ladyship remembered him. He was making a sketching tour through the Highlands. " Why, I thought you were a soldier," interrupted the dowager, spitefully. "So I am, and begging your ladyship's pardon, an artiBt, too, in my way. Would you do my poor sketch the honor to look at it?" '.Do look at it, please," whispered Marguerite, her radiant face all smiles and blushes, "you will be so pleased, I know 1" The artist drew the sketch from his portfolio, and laid it before her, and tiie dowager condescended to examine it. Her eyes brightened beneath her goggles as she looked. " Why, young man," she cried at last, "" This tiling is worthy of a place in my gallery at Mortlake 1 ' I never saw a finer landscape 1 Do you care to sell it ?" "Itisn't finished yet," replied Captain Fossbrooke, flushing with gratification; " it will make a finer appearance by far when it is complete." " Well,' complete it, then, and I'll give you a good price for it. Wnat do you want ? Will three hundred pounds do ?" "That would be a very generous remuneration," replied the captain, "but if your ladyship would accept-" But she cut him Bhurt with a gesture. " I never accept anything," she said. I've money enough to pay for all I want. Mind, the pictured mine as soon as it is done. Why can't you do something like that, Brompton !" she continued, turning to the baronet. "What has become of your talent ?" Sir Bayard did not reply, but the cap tain did. " Oh, yes," he put in pleasantly, " Sir Bayard does dabble in colours, too. I remember now, my friend, Colonel Rich mond Brooke, used to speak of Sir Bayard as an artist!" The baronet's face began to lose its color, and his eyes to wander restlessly beneath the captain's steady gaze, and he stammered wretchedly in hia attempts to reply, ' If'd he'd spoken of him as a fool, he'd have been nearer the truth, I think," muttered the dowager, under her breath; then aloud, " Here, Marguerite, give the captain a sandwich and a bottlo of charn pajjno," she said, " and then we'll gather up, and get ready for starting." Marguerite obeyed with blushing eager ness, and while the captain, sitting down beside the countess, uncorked hiB cham pagne and ate his aandwioh, talking all ?- ' ~ the whilo with that nameless ease and grace that characterised all his move ments, the baronet, utterly unable to control his blanching cheeks and shaking knees, availed hi'.nself of the pretext of seeing that the carriage was ready, and in ad e his escaDe. "With your ladyship's kind per mission," ventured the artist, after ho had placed the ladies in the carriage, standing in the' noonday sunlight, his handsome face and bright-brown eyes all aglow with lif° antl genial humour, 1111 call at Ravenswold in a day or two and bring the sketch ?" And the counless nodded in her grim, abrupt way ; and mentally anathematized herself the moment after when her sharp eyes caught sight of Marguerite's vivid blushes and lingering glances as the carriage rattled away "A pretty mess I've made of it, she soliloquized, "giving hiin an excuse to come-and the girl is head-over-heels in love with liim already." They drove a mile or two further down umid the highlands to Bee the cavern, which was a weird and wonderful sub terranean abode, running for miles be neath the base of a rocky cliff, roofed with glittering stalactites, and floored with mosaic-like excrescences that gleamed and flashed in the light of their torches like precious stones. The countess and Marguerite were carried away with delight and admiration, and lingered long after Sir Bayard warned them that the weather had changed and the day was far advanced. There were so many wonders to admire, so many new sights at every step, that they lingered in blissful fovget fulness. The voice of their coachman aroused them from their dream. " I beg your ladyship's pardon," he said, addressing the countess: " but there be every sign as warns ye when a storm's a brewin', and I thought it best to fasten the 'osseB, and come down an' tell ye." And at the same moment, as if in con firmation of his words, a roll of thunder awoke a thousand reverberating echoes arouud them. Marguerite grew pale with alarm, and the countess went Btump ing off towards the entrance at a furiouB rate. " You villian 1" she oried, with her characteristic unreason, as another peal seemed to shake the foundation of the mountain ; " why didn't you come and tell me before ? What made you wait till the last moment ?" " I beg your grace's pardon," implored the driver; "but Sir Bayard was up a minute or so ago." " Hush with your clatter, will you ? If I'm caught in the storm it shall cost you your place, that's all. Here, Brompton, don't stand there like a gaping idiot. Can't you help me to get out ?" Sir Bayard flew to her assistance, bow ing like a mandarin, while Marguerite, glad to escape his attentions, accepted the assistance of the guide. , The storm was certainly brewing, and that with frightful rapidity, when they gained the outside world again. The west was one great mass of boiling black, edged with brassy yellow where the luiid sun was going downi; and the thunder bellowed in the great distance like the guns in a great battle. "I think we had better return to the cave till the Btorm is over," suggested the baronet, as he surveyed the ominous sky. " You do?" snarled the dowager, as she-hobbled on toward the carriage; " then take shelter in it. If you want to be buried in that pit o' fire and brimstone in a thunderstorm 'tis more than I do. Here, Marguerite, be quick, and now, sir-addressing the driver- " drive for your lifo ; if you don't get back to the old castle before the storm breaks I'll clip your ears." Sir Bayard sprang to his seat without another word, and the coachman, mount ing his box, lashed his horses like a mad man. But the highland roads were rough and bad, and in the gloom of the waning afternoon it was a matter of ex ceeding difficulty to distinguish one road from another. The poor fellow had not driven half a mile before he was utterly bewildered. But he kept on, the fiery animals at their best speed, and growing wilder with the blaze of the lightning in their eyes. "Are we in sight of the caslle ?" de manded the oountess, shuddering at every fresh peal. " Not fet, your ladyship," replied the coachman, urging his steeds into a lonely lane, which ran through the heart of a forest oi firs. Sir Bayard Jpened the carriage door and looked out, as the darkness began to close around thom. " We are on the wrocg road !" he cried out. ".The man has lost his way 1" The countess uttered a cry of rage and execration, but un awful shock, as if heaven and earth were coming together, and at the same instant a blinding flash silenced her. The very air was charged with sulphurous gas, and the affirighted horses, maddoned beyond all control, shot off at a bie ik-neck pace. The baronet put out his head to call to the driver, and, to his utter conster nation, saw that the box was empty. The driver was gone. 