Lenten and Easter Services. GOOD FRIDAY. ST. JOHN'S PRO-CATHEDRAL. At. St. John's pro-Cathedral there were morning and evening prayers, with sermons appropriate to the commemoration of the crucifixion. The Rev. Mr. Ash preached at the morning service from St. John, xvui., 40: — " Then took they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spioes, as the manner of the Jews is to bury." The service of the three hours was eommenoed at noon, at whioh the Bishop of the diooese delivered an address on the seven last words from the cross. In the evening the preacher was the Rev. B. R. Wilson, who chose as his text Ist Peter, ii., 21: " Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that ye should follow his steps." He asked what were to be their thoughts as they met together for their last service on this Good Friday evening. They should try to realise to themselves what it was that their Lord had left them, what it was they should learn, what inspiration they should draw, from the Cross of Calvary. Christ had left them the great example of the cross, and the great example of aoonse orated life; and He had given them power that they might follow in His steps. The body whioh was laid to rest on that first Good Friday evening rose from the grave and ascended to heaven, and now Christ pleaded and interceded for sinners, and was ever ready to suooour those who came to Him in trouble or sorrow. The musical portions of the servioes consisted of psalms and hymns of a penitential character, whioh were sung without organ accompaniment. AiiSAnrrs. The solemn passion servioes of Good Friday were largely attended at All Saints Church on Wiokham-torraoe, when four servioes were held. The officiating olergyman in the morn* ing and evening was the Rev. C. G. Robinson, who was assisted by the curate, the Rev. J. Benoy. Not a note of the organ was heard during the whole service, and the altar was draped in black, while the members of the choir did not wear their surplices. The rector sang every alternate verse of the " Litany of the Passion," and in the other verses the congrega tion joined. Mr. Robinson also preached at each service. In the evening the offertory was taken up on behalf of the Choir Fund. The ohoir sang part of the musio of the " Messiah." CHBXST OHU&GK;, JULTOIf. The Rev. Manley Power, M.A., preaohed to » fairly large congregation on Good Friday morning from the words, "Jesus in the midst," St. John, xix. 18. He asked his hearers to go back with him to Calvary, and said we seamed in our days to be on a high mountain from which we could behold all the kingdoms of the world, all the history of mankind from the creation, and the central figure in the world's history was Jesus, the Redeemer of the world. All faces were turned towards Jesus on Calvary. Immediately sin entered the world there was the word of hope given and mankind began to turn their eyes towards Calvary, and now that the great day had oome and gone there wasstill the sacrifice, still the sacrament which pointed baok to Calvary even as the old world saori floss had pointed onwards to it. As we Btand on this vantage ground we see two great mul titudes, the one gazing this way and the other gasfaftg that way, two great congregations kneeling in worship faoing each other—all eyes fixed upon one central object, all true hearts turned one way ; for Christ was in their midst lifting them up and drawing them to him self. Notwithstanding the difficulty our finite min4s had in grasping fully the mystery of the atonement and the question whether sin existed in the other worlds besides ours com posing the universe, we knew enough to send us to the House of God in gratitude and hope, and to make us join in the unending song of "Worthy is the Lamb that was slain, for He hath redeemed us by His blood." In our pre sent daily life, with all its cares, its tempta tions, its joys and blessings, Jesus was still in our midst. Where there were sufferings and trials, or where there was a cross, the Cruoified One was present. BT. STXPHKN'b CATHKDBAX. The offices of Good Friday were solemnly celebrated at St. Stephen's Roman Cathoko Church. All the pomp and glory of the previous day (Holy Thursday) was laid aside. The high altar was denuded of all its ornaments. The white vestments of silk and gold of the officiating olergy were exchanged for black, and the drapery behind the altar was of the same colour. Over tho altar in large golden letters the following prophetic inscrip tion was written: — Ecce ascendimui Jerosolymam et coiwtmabuntur omnia qua tenpta sunt per prophetas de Filio homini*. Precisely at 8 o'clock the " Mass of the Presano tified" commenced. The Rev. J. B. Breen was celebrant, the Rev. J. Canali deacon, and the Roy. J. Brady subdeacon. The Rev. D. Fouhy was master of ceremonies. His Grace Archbishop Dunne occupied the throne. Fathers Morris and M'Keiran were assis tants. On the arrival of the celebrant, accom panied by the deacon and subdeacon, and pre ceded by the altar boys in purple cassocks, the ohoir began the " Stabat Mater." The three officiating olergymen remained prostrated for a few moments before the high altar, whilst the acolytes covered it with a white cloth. The oelebrant rising then ascended the steps of the altar, kissed it, and read in silence the sixth chapter from Oaee. Then a tract on merer, and a prayer to our blessed Lord, that He "may give us the grace of a resurrection." The subdeacon read the lesson for the day, whioh was taken from Exodus, xii., and also a tract on the 139 th Psalm. After this the deacon and subdeacon retired and laid aside their vestments, and, accompanied by a third deacon, the Passion according to St. John was sung. One deacon sang the words of our Lord, another those of the evangelist, and the third sang all the other portions of the Gospel, such as the crying of the Jew* to "crucify him," and the pronouncement of Pilate. This por tion of the office is extremely impressive, and when the deacon came to that part of the Gospel, " and bowing his head, he gave up the ghost," the whole of the vast congregation knelt down for a short time to meditate and admire the goodness of God. After the singing of the Gospel, the deacon and sub-deacon re sumed their vestments, and the oelebrant re oitod aloud the prayer for "the Church, the Pope, the Archbishop, the Queen, the Cateohumens, the prayer to God the Father, that He may cleanse the world of all crimes, remove diseases, drive away famine, open prisons, break chains, grant a safe return to travellers, health to sick, and a port of safety to those at sea." Then he recited a prayer for all non-Catholics, that "our God and Lord would deliver them from all errors; and vouch safe to recall them to our Holy Mother the Catholic and Apostolic Church." Then came the prayer for sinners and Jews, that the latter may "acknowledge the light of truth which is in Christ, and that they may be delivered from their darkness," as also a prayer for pagans, " that they may be converted to the true and living God." After reading the prayers, the celebrant passed to the " epistle " side of the altar, where he received the cross, which was covered from the deacon and facing the people, he uncovered it, saving, "Behold the wood of the crow on whioh hung the Saviour of the world; com*, let us adore." The officiating olergy again laid aside their outer vestments, and took off their shoes, and each proceeded to the foot of the altar where the cross waa laid and kissed it. Then followed the Archbishop and the rest of the clergy, as well as the altar boys. The cross was then taken to the step leading to the sanctuary, and laid in a cushion, where all the faithful followed. During the kissing of the cross, the choir chanted the following verses:—"My people, what have I done to thee, or in what nave I grieved thee ? answer me. Because I brought thee out of the land of Egypt: thou hast prepared a cross for thy Saviour." One side of the choir sang in Greek the words," 0 Holy God," and the other side answered in Latin in the same words. Then the first choir sang "Oh Holy Strong One," and the second answered as before. The first side again sang "O Immortal One, have mercy on us," and the second repeated the same words in Latin. At the Adoration of the Cross, as it is called, but whioh is merely the manifestation of profound respeot and veneration, the choir sang the incomparable chant Miserere m*i, Deu* f with such a tenderness of expression and depth of feeling as we have rarely heard. The choir again chanted the verses appropriate to this time, whioh refer to the goodness of God to the Jewish people, and their return to Him. Both choirs sang then the praises of Our Blessed Lord, and prayed for the "light of his ooun tenanoe to shine upon us, and have mercy on us." The glorious hymn Crux JldeHt was sung then, and also the Vexilla reffii prodetmt. As the oelebrant pro oeeded to the altar of repose, where the blessed sacrament had lain since the previous day, surrounded by a gorgeous array of lights and flowers, the procession faoed towards the high altar ; the oelebrant having taken the blessed sacrament from the deacon, carried it, amidst the prayers of the people to the high altar, and finished the mass of the day. 