COSMODOKE J INK.." Bl B. U:\yVILLE FENX. Author of " The Parson o' Dumford," Etc. CHAPTER X. A DARING TRICK. The laws were tremendously stringent 111 y,e jays when it was considered much easier to bring an offender's b;ul career to an end than to keep him at the na tion s expense ; Tud when the stealing of a slieep was ,cMered a crime to he punished with death an attack upon the sacred person of one nf tlie' king's officers by a couple of notorious taw-breakers was not likely to be looked upon leniently by a judge well-known for stem sentences- Hut a iury oi Devon men was sitting upon tte offence of Abel Dell and Bart Wrigley, tad feclimr disposed to deal easily with a couple of vounrr fellows whose previous bad hiractcr" was all. in connection with u.-'limr. a crime with the said j'urv of a " ryVht dye. certainly not black. "Abel and" Bart escaped the rope, and were sen- tencedto transportation to one of HisMajesty's colonies in the West Indies, there to do con vict work in connection with plantations, or the making of mads, as their taskmasters might think fit Time "lided bv. and Mary Dell found that her life at homo bad become insupportable. She was not long in finding that, now that -he was left alone" and unprotected, she was not to he free from persecution. Her con temptuous rejection of Captain Armstrong's "dvmccs seemed to have the effect of increasing his persecution : and one evening at the end of a couple of months Mary Dell sat on one of the rocks outside the cottage door razing' out to sea. and watching the ships sail westward, as she wondered whether those on board would ever see the brother . who seemed to lie all that was left to her in- That particular night the thought which 1 had been hatching in Iter brain ever since Abel had been sent away flew forth fully fledo-ed and ready, and she rose from where she had been sitting in the evening sunshine, and walked into the cottage. Mary Dell's proceedings would have excited a smile from an observer, but tlie cottage stood alone. She had heard tlmt Captain Armstrong was from home and not expected back for a week, and there was 110 fear of prying eyes as the sturdy, well-built girl took down a looking-glass from where it hung io a nail, and, placing it upon the ' table, propped it with an old jar, and then seating herself before the glass, she folded .her aims, rested them upon the table, and sat :for quite an hour gazing at herself iu the mirror. Womanly vanity ? Not a scrap of it, but firm, intense purpose ; deep thought ; calm, calculating observation before taking a step that was to influence her life. She rose after a time and walked into her brother Abel's bedroom, where she stayed for some minutes, and then with a quick, resolute step she re-entered the cottage kitchen, thrust the few embers together that burned upon the hearth, took a pair of scissors from a box, and again seated herself before the glass. The sun was setting, and filled the slate- floored kitchen with light which flashed back from the blurred looking- glass, and cast a curious glare in the girl's stem, countenance, , with its heavy dark brows, sun-browned ruddy cheeks, and gleaming eyes. .S'/f ip ! The sharj) scissors had passed through one lock of the massive black tresses which she had shaken over her shoulders, and which tiicn rippled to the cottage floor. Siiip ! Another cut, and two locks had fallen. Then rapidly "nip, snip, snip — a Curious . thick, sharp .snip — and the great waves of glorious haii- kept falling as the bare, sun burned, nuldy aim played here and there, and ihesteelbladesglitteredandopeaed andclosod, as ii' arm, hand, and scissors formed the neck, bead, and angry bill of some fierce bird attacking that well- shaped head, and at every snap took off a thick tress of hair. It was not a long task, anil when the hair had all fallen, to lie around, one curious ring of glossy black tresses, there were only a few snips to give here and there to finish off notches and two long, untidy spots, and then the girl rose, and with a cold, hard look upon her frowning face she stooped, and s.ooped, and at each l-isnio: cast a'great tress of hair to where the flames leaped, and seized it, scorching the locks, which writhed, and curled, and flared, and crackled as if alive, while as if to aid the idea that she was destroying something living, a peculiarly pungent odour anise as of' burning flesh, and filled the room. ' nour later, just as the red moon rose slowly above the surface of the sea, a sturdy - looking young man, with a stout stick in one hand— the very stick which had helped to belabour Captain Armstrong — and a bundle tied up 111 a handkerchief beneath his arm Stepped out of the cottage, changed the key from mstde to outside, closed the old door, locked it, dragged out the kev, and with a sudden jerk sent it flving far out into deep water beyond the rocks, where it fell with a dull plash .'followed hv a peculiar hissing l U"1 ' ,,s ihe waves at high water rushed over the hue shingle at the thrower's There was a sharp look round then ; hut o one VV.1-S 111 siglit, ; nothing to he heard but the _ hissing waters, and the spla-Mii" -caspmg,_ and smacking sound, as the tide -tone Then'tl lfi th masses of rbo h. u %uvt' once more to the cottage, gazed at it fixedly for a few moments took a step ,„ tvvo "away but "f 011 582 apt, b'.i i " Jits? Si fimiro I.-... „ il ''-Tpage, tor another \- Toreros tilc direction of face slm ' ' i i -e ,moou shining full upon the law showed plainly who it was. eveniofs Wa,?,no Tucstiou of identity, for that' "modicifn, 's i mre T-1;ni his customary: odicuni of wine,- Captain James Armstrong ,OAJwUniey had been postponed— had cubbed lug young wile cruelly, quarrelled' :W r'"t0U:im Humphrey, who had been . dine, and then left the house, deter-. ,eto 8 down to Mary Dell's solitary: firmon .a ?h" he said: ' I haven't been scratebUvu handsome cat. She; I'havn to" m i cas have claws, and when keeD thn i er how to purr nicely she'tt -tohe"1. Yays. sll«"lied. I'll bring heri " "Who "mhrht, once and for all." - ; cantn'n h? devil's this?" muttered the Plymouth. £aili' on the tramp to won't tum bade " laOWA mC , X short S.!0ir oaa dozen yards and then stopped W m„ before him had stopped ,oa2r 5meate before ; and then a change! kneey nl- <pfoinr His; throat m. '1 hice tunied wet, and his "imatgrew dry. . : ffiistake'S 5lorri,de; but there could be no; leaped)CltDthi!'1hc c,ried> hoarsely, as he; returned in -w -l a 'at ilic brother had Farm. ''T'nt, to save Iris sister from all the vtSbdZ/'.h 111 answer, and then to o 1 unperious, and fierce ; supmes . nG of intense hatred and Xfl?afIOU',th« one word-' -Dog !". whistlin- ntof T1 1- oufc therc was a air, a tr?m„ j S ck passing througii the rocky ground. . sailor r.i-1 ,i was fftter alence as the young S sW,Tf0t Up0n tllo Prostrate man's -Idupon it savagely, and strode r 11 on rigiit away over tiie wild j.coun try hordering the sea. The figure loomed up once in the moonlight, as the. captain rose slowly upon one elbow, and gazed after it to see that it seemed to he of supernatural' proportions, and then he sank back again with a groan. 4 It's a spirit," he said, "come hack to her;" and then .the poltroon fainted dead away. CHAPTER XI. IN THE PLANTATION. Someone singing a west-conntry ditty. " Jilt sloe-black ryes — — " A pause in the singing, and the striking of several blows with a rough hoe, the to destruction of weeds in a coffee-plantation while, as the chops of the hoe struck the clods of earth, the fetters worn by the striker gave forth faint clinks. .. . Then in a pleasant musical voice the singer went on with another line : " And his curly hair- — — " More chops with the hoe, and clinks of the fetters. " IH.1 pleasing voice " A heavy tlnunp with the back of- the tool to an obstinate clod, which took several more strokes before it crumbled up ; . and all the. time the fetters clinked and clanked loudly. Then the singer went on with the , sweet old miuor air with its childish words. ' Bid my heart ensnare " Chop J chop ! clink ! clink ! clank ! ' Genteel he teas " Jlttliw rake like you." " Oh , I say, Abel,., mate; don't, lad, don't." ' " Don't what ?" said Abel-Dell, resting upon his" hoe, and looking up at big Bart "Wrigley, clothed like himself, 'armed : with a hoe, and also decorated with fetiers, as he stood wiping the perspiration from his forehead. " JDon't sing that there old song. It dc make me feel so miked." _ " linked, Bart ? Well, what if it'does 1 are unked days." . : " Ay, but each tune you sing that, I seem to_ see the rocks along by the shore at honie, with tlie ivy hanging down, and the sheep feeding, and the sea rolling in, and the bine sky, with gulls a -flying, and it makes me feel like a boy again, and big as I am, as if I should cry." Always were like a big boy, Bart. Hoe away, lad, the overseer's looking." : Bart went on chopping weeds, diligently following his friend's example, as a sour- looking, yellow-faced man came by, in company with a soldier loosely shouldering his musket. But they passed by without speaking, and Abel continued : " There's sea here, and bine sky and snn- shine." . . " Ay," said Bart, " there's sunshine hot enough to fry a mackerel. Place is right enough if you was free ; but it ar'n't home, Abel — it ar'n't home." 1 " Home ' no," said the young man, savagely. But we have no home. She spoiled that." , There was an interval of .weed-chopping and clod-breaking, the young men's chains clauldng loudly, as they worked now so energetically that the overseer noted their proceedings, and pointed them out as examples to an idle hand. " Ah. ! you're a hard '>ui, Abel," remarked Bart, after a time. " Yes ; aiid you're a soft 'un, Bart. She could always tarn you round her little finger." . " Ay, bless hpr ! and she didn't tell on us." " Tes, she did," said Abel, sourly ; and he turned his back upon liis companion, and toiled away to hide the working of his face. "- Tlie sun shone down as hotly as it can shine in the W est Indies, and the coarse shirts the young men wore showed patches of moisture where the perspiration came through ; but they worked ou, for tlie labour deadened the misery in their breasts. And yet it was a very paradise as far as nature was concerned, jinn had spoiled itas far as lie could, his cultivation being but a poor recompense for turning so lovely a spot into a plantation worked by convicts— by men. who fouled the ambient air each, moment they 'opened their lips, ; wliile, from time to time, tlie earth was stained with blood- In the distance shone the sea,- and between the plantation and the silver coral' sands lay patches of virgin forest, : where tlie richest and most luxuriant of tropic growth revelled in tlie heat and inoistnre, while , in the sunny patches brilliant flowers blossomed. Then came wild tangle, cane- brake, and in one place, where a creek indented the land, weird- looking mangroves spread their leafage over their niuddy scaffolds of aerial roots. " How long have we been here, mate 2" said Bart, after a pause. ' " Dunuo," replied Abel, fiercely. Hero lie began chopping more vigorously. " How long will they keep us hi this here flace said Bart, after another interval, and iclooked from the beautiful shore at the bottom of the slope' 011 which they worked to the cluster of stone' .and -.wood-built buildings, which formed the prison and the station farm, with factory and . mill,, all worked by convict, labour, while those in tlie neighbourhood were managed by blacks. Abel did not answer, only scowled fiercely, aud Bart, sighed and repeated his question. "Till we die !" said Abel, savagely "same as we've seen- other fellowsdic'— of fever and- hard work, and tlie lash. Curse the captain. Curse — Bart clapped one hand over his companion's lips, and he held the other behind bis head, dropping Iris hoc to leave full liberty to act. _ " I never quarrels with you, Abel, lad," he said, shortly ; but if you says words again that poor gell, I'm going to fight— and that', won't do. Is it easy?" Abel seemed disposed to struggle ; but he gave in, nodded his head, and Bart loosed him and picked up his hoc, just as the over seer, who: had come softly- up . behind, brought dewn the whip he carried with stinging violence across the shoulders of first one and then the other. The young men sprang round savagely ; but there was a sentry close behind, musket- armed, and with bayonet fixed, and they knew that fifty soldiers wore within call, and that if they struck their taskmaster down and made for the jungle, they would be hunted out with dogs, be shot down like wild beasts, or die of starvation, as other un fortunates had died before them. There was nothing for it but to resume their labour and hoe to the clanking of their fetters, while, after promise of what was to- follow, in the shape of tying up to the triangles and tlie cat, if they quarrelled' again, the overseer went on to see to the others of his flock. It's worse than a dog's life !" said Abel, bitterly. " A dog does get patted as well as kicked. Bart, lad, I'm sorry I got you that lash." ' ; "Nay, lad, never mind," said Bart. " I'm sorry for you but don't speak hard things of Mary." _ " I'll try not," said Abel, as he hoed away excitedly ; " but I hope this coffee we grow may poison those who drink it." :' ""What for? They can't help it," said Bart, smiling. ' ' There, lad, take it coolly. Some day we may make a run for it." " And he shot !" said Abel, bitterly. : " There, you're down to the end of that: row IU go this way.- He's watching us." Bart obeyed. He was one , who always did obey ; and by degrees the young men were working right away from each other, till they were a good two hundred yards apart. \- Abel was at the end of his row first, and he stopped and tamed to begin again and go down, SO as to pass Bart about tlie middle of the clearing ; bnt Bart had another minute's chopping to. do before tnrning. He was close up to a dense patch of forest one wild tangle of cane and creeper, which literally tied tlie tall trees together and made the forest impassable — when the shrieking of a kind of jay, which had been flitting about excitedly, stopped, and -was followed by the melodious whistle of a white bird and the twittering of quite a flock of little fellows of a gorgeous scarlet-crimson. Then the shrieking of several parrots answering each other 1 arose; while just above Bart's head, where elusbers of trumpet-shaped blossoms hung down from the edge of the forest, scores of brilliantly-scaled humming-birds literally buzzed ou almost transparent wing, and then suspended themselves in mid-air as they probed the nectaries of the flowers with their long bills. "You're beauties, you are," said Bart, stopping to wipe Ms brow ; " but I'd give the hull lot on jrou for a sight of one good old sarcy sparrer a-sitting on the cottage roof and saying ehhcl-ejthcl. Ah ! shall us ever see old Devonshire again ?" The parrots hung upside-down, and the tiny humming-birds flitted here and there, displaying, from time to rime, the brilliancy of their scale-like feathers, and Bart glanced at his fellow convict and was about to work back, when there came a sound from' out of the dark forest which made him stare wildly, and- then the sound arose again. Bart changed colour, and did not stop to hoe, hut walked rapidly across to Abel. " "What's the matter " said the latter. "Dunno, lad," said tlie other, rubbing his brow with liis arm ; " but there's some- thing wrong." "What is it?" " That's what I dunno : . but just now. something said quite plain, ' Bart 1 Bart !' " " Nonsense ! You are dreaming." " Nay. I was wide awake as I am now. and as I turned and stared it said it again." '" It said it?" " Well, she said it." "Poll parrot," said Abel, gruffly. "60 on with your work. Here's the overseer." The young men worked away, arid their supervisor passed them, and, apparently satisfied, continued his journey round. ; ' " May have been a poll parrot," said Bart. ."They do talk plain, Abel, lad; but this' sounded like something else." " What else could it be-?" Sounded like a ghost." Abel burst into a hearty laugh— so hearty that Bart's face was slowly overspread by a broad smile. - "Why, lad, that's better," he .said, grimly. ; "I ar'n't seen you do that for months. Workaway." ' , The hint was given because of the overseer glancing in their direction; and they now worked on together slowly, going dowri the row toward the jungle, at which Bart kept on darting uneasy glances.' "Enough to make a man, laugh, to hear you talk of ghosts, Bart," said-Abel, after, a time. , ,1 - ... " What could it be, then ?" "Panot some lady tamed," said Abel, shortly, as they worked on ' side by side, " escaped to the woods again. Sonic of these birds talk just like a Christian." "Ay,"- said Bart, after a few moments' quiet thought, '" I've -heered 'em, lad; but there's no. poll parrot out here as knows me." " Knowsyou?" " Well, didn't I tell you as it called to me 'Bart! Bart!' " , " Sounded like it," said Abel, laconically. " What does he want 3?or just then the overseer shouted, and signed to the gaugmen to come to him. '' To begin another job — log-rolling, I think," growled Bart, shouldering liis hoe. At that moment, as Abel followed bis example, there came in a low, eager tone of voice from out of the jungle, twenty yards away — " Bart ! — Abel ! — Abel !" "Don't look," whispered Abel, who reeled as if struck, and recovered himself to catch his companion by the arm. "All right!" he said aloud; "we'll be here to morrow. We mast go." . CHAPTER Nil. IN DEADLY PERIL. It was quite a week before the two young men were at work in the plantation of young trees again, and during all that time 'they liad feverishly discussed tlie voice they had heard. Every time they had approached the borders of the plantation where it ran up to the virgin forest they had been 011 the qiti vice, expecting to hear their names called again, but only to be disappointed; and, after due consideration, Abel placed a right interpretation upon tlie re;ison. "It was someone who got ashore from a boat," he said, " and managed to crawl up there. It's the only place where anyone could get up." " Being nigh that creek, lad, where, tlie crocodiles is," said Bart. "Ay, you're right. Who could it be?" " One of our old mates." : ."Nay; no old mate would take all that trouble for us, lad. It's someone Mary's sent to bring us a letter and a bit of news." It was at night in tlie prison lines that Bart said this, and then lie listened wonderingly 111 the dark, for he heard some thing like a sob from close to liis elbow. "Abel, matey !" he whispered. " Don't talk to me, old lad," came back hoarsely after a time. And then, after a long silence, " Yes, you're right. Poor lass — poor lass!" " - " Say that again, Abel; say. that again," "whispered Bart, excitedly. " Poor lass ! I've been too hard on her. She didn't get ns took." " Thank God ' .. These were Bart's hoarsely whispered words, choked with emotion ; and. directly after, as he lay there, Abel Dell felt a great, rougli, trembling band pass across his face and search about him till it reached his own, which it gripped and held with- a strong; firm clasp-, for there was beneath Bart's rough, husk- like . exterior a great deal of the true, loyal, loving material of which English gentlemen are made ; and when towards morning those two prisoners fell asleep in their chains, hand was still gripped in hand, while the dreams that brightened the re maining hours of their rest from penal labour were very similar, being of a rough home down beneath Devon? s lovely cliffs, where the sea ran sparkling over ' the clean- washed pebbles, and the handsome face of Mary smiled upon each in turn. "Abel, mate, I'm .ready for anything now," said Bart, as they went that morning to tlieir w-ork. " Only say again as you for give our lass." "Bart, old lad," said Abel, hoarsely, -'I've nought to forcrive." " Hall !" ejaculated Bart, and then be began to whistle softly as if in the highest of spirits, and looked longingly in the direction of the jungle beside the mud creek ; but three-" days elapsed before they were set to hoe among the coffee bushes again. Bart let Ms chin go down upon his chest on the morning when the order was given, and the overseer saw it and cracked Ms whip. . ; " You sulky ruffian. !" he cried. ." None of your sour looks with me. : Get ori with you !" He cracked his whip again, and -Bart shuffled off, clinking Ms fetters loudly. " Do keep between us, Abel, lad," he whispered, " or I shall go off and he'll see. Oh, -lor, how I do want to laugh !" He- restrained his mirth for a time, and . tliey walked on to the end of the plantation and began their task at the opposite end to where they had left off, When- the rate at which their hoes were plied was such that they were not long before they began to near the dense jungle, beyond wMch lay the man grove swamp and the sea. " 1 daren't hope, Bart," whispered Abel, SO despondently that his companion, in a wildly excited manner, laughed in his face. "What a lad you are !'' he cried. " It's all right ; he's -waiting for ns. ' It's some sailor chap from Dartmouth, whose ship's put in at Kingston or Belize. Cheer up, mate !" But it was all a mockery ; and when, they approached the jungle, at last, hoeing more slowly — for, much as they longed to get up at once, they knew that any unusual move ment on thoir part might be interpreted by watchful eyes into an attempt at escape, and bring down upon them a shot— Bart's voice trembled and sounded hoarsely as he said playfully — " Now, Abel, my lad, I'm going to talk to that there poll parrot." "Hush!" whispered Abel, agitatedly. " Keep on quietly with your work till we get close, and then call softly." " Oh, it's all straight, lad," whispered back Bart, chopping away and. breaking ' clods, as his fetters clanked more loudly than tt -vr ""» v , # r> , . j. 1 t> ..11 — AXOtV. UlOli, AUiiy I AXCt-bJ xQuJ) are you there ?" "Yes, yes, Bart. Abel, dear brother, at last, at last !" came from the jungle. "Mary — Polly, my girl !" cried Abel, hoarsely, as he threw down his hoe ; and he was running toward the jungle, where a crashing sound was heard, when Bart flung his strong arms across his chest and dashed him to the ground. " Are you mad !" he cried. " Mary, for God's sake, keep back !" Tlie warning was needed, for from across the plantation the overseer and a couple of soldiers came running, every movement ou the part of the prisoners being watched. " Sham ill, lad ; sh.<m ill," whispered Bart, as ' a piteous sigh came from; . the depths of the jungle.; . " Now then, you two. Fighting again ?" roared the overseer, as he . came panting up. " Fighting, sir !" growled Bart ; " rum fighting. He nearly went down." " He was trying to escape." "Escape !" growled Bart. " Look at Mm. Sun's hot." The overseer bent down over Abel, whose aspect helped' tlie illusion, for he looked ghastly from liis emotion ; and he had pre sence of mind enough : to open his eyes, look" about wildly from face to face, and then begin' to struggle up, with one hand to his head. . . "Is it the fayver, sor !" said one : of the. soldiers. ' -j . ; "No. Touch of the sim," said the over-, seer. ." They're' always getting it. There,- you're all right, ar'nt you ?" " Yes, sir," said Abel, slowly, . as . he picked up his' hoc. . , " Sit down, under the trees there for' a . few, minutes,?' said the overseer. ' -"Lend him your water-bottle,- soldier. And.' you stop, with him till he's better. I'll come' back, soon." ' This last was to Bart, playing, as it were into the prisoners' hands, for Bart took the- water-bottle ; ' and as the overseer went off with his guard, Abel was' assisted to the edge of the jungle, where a huge cotton-tree threw its shade ; and here Bart placed him, n an old stump, trembling the while, as he held the water to his companion's lips. It was hard work to keep still while the others went out of hearing ; bnt at last it seemed safe, and Abel panted out — " Mary, dear, are you there ?" " Yes, yes, Abel. ' - Oh, iny dear brother, say one kind word to me !" "Kind word.'- Oh, my. lass, my lass, say tiiat you forgive mc !" > "Forgive you/ Yes. But quick, dear, before those men come back." - " Tell me, then," said Abel, speaking with his back to the jungle, and his head bent down as if ill, while Bart leaned over him, trembling like a leaf, " toll me how you came to be here." "I came over in a ship to Kingston. Then I went to New Orleans. Then to Honduras. And it was only a fortnight ago that I found you." " But how did you come here !" "I've got a small boat, dear. I asked and asked for months before I could find out where you were. I've been to other planta tions, and people have thought me mad ; but one day I stumbled across the sailors of a ship that comes here with stores from the station, and I heard them say that there were a number of prisoners working at this place ; and at last, after waiting and watch ing for weeks aud weeks, I caught sight of you two, and' then it was a month before I could speak to you as I did the other day." " And now you have come," said Abel; bitterly, " I cau't even look at jrou." " But you will escape, dear," said Mary. "Escape !" cried Abel, excitedly. ' 1 Steady, lad, steady. 'Member you're ill," growled Bart, glancing toward the nearest sentry, and then holding up the bottle as if to see how much was within. " Yes, escape," said Mary. " I have the boat ready. Can jrou come now ?" " Impossible ! Wo should be overtaken and shot before we had gone a mile." "But you must escape," said Mary. "You must get down hero by night." ""How?" said Bart, gruffly. " You two must settle that," said Mary, quickly. "I am only a woman ;" but I havo found means to get here with a boat; and I can come again and again till you join. 1110." " Yes," said . Abel, decidedly; "we will contrive that." ' . ' ' -But is it safe, lass, where you are ? " " What do you mean /" . '. " They tolled us there was the crocodiles all along that creek, and sharks out beyond, if we tried to 11111." '"Tes"-- said Mary, calmly, "there are plenty of these creatures about.". "Listen," said Abel, quieltly, and speaking as decidedly now as his sister. " Can you get here night after niglit " Yes," said Mary. " I havo been here every night since I spoke to you last." " Then keep on coming." "Yes," said Mary; "I will till you escape." " " You have the boat.'" "Yes." . " And provisions ?" " Fes : a little." " But how do you manage "T am fishing if aiiy one sees me : but it is very lonely here. T see nothing but the birds,"' she added to herself, " and sharks and alligators and as she said this she smiled sadly. . ' " Be careful, . tlieji,". said Abel. . " Bart-, old lad, xve will escape." . There was a loud expiration of the breath from tlie jungle, and Abel continued-— " I must get up and go 011 work, or they will be back. Mary, once more, yon have a boat?" " Yes."' " Aud can come up here and wait?" "Yes."; ... Quick, short, decided answers each time. . Tben be cautious. Only come by night." "I- know. Trust me. I will not be seen. I will do nothing rash. To-night, as soon as it grows dark, I shall be here ex pecting you,; for I shall not stir. At day break I shall go, and come again at night." "And mind the sentries." " Trust me, Abel. I shall not come now by day for six days. If at the .end of six niglits you have not been able to- escape, I shall come for six days by day, hoping that you may tie more successlul m tnc dayliglit ; for perhaps you will find that a bold dash will help you to get away." ." But the risk — the' risk !" panted Abel— " the risk, girl, to yon !" . " Abel, dear, I am here to risk every tMng. I have risked everything to join you." ."Yes," lie said, hoarsely. " But after wards. If we do escape?" " Leave the plans to me," she said, with a littkilaugli. " I have boat and sail, and the world is very wide. Only escape. Take care ; the men are coining back." Mary's voice ceased ; and Abel took hold, of Bart's arm, rose, raised Ms 'hoe, and walked with him to where they had left-'off work, to begin again slowly, the two men , trembling with excitement -now ; for, as the1 overseer neared them, a bird began flying to and fro over the edge of the jungle, scream ing' wildly, evidently from the fact that somebody was hidden there. (xo he continued). Investigation has shown that porous terra- \- cotta bricks and blocks best resist the action of fire, water, and frost. Next to them as lire- xesisthig materials come concretes and burnt clay work. For buildings intended ;o be fire proof, the best materials are iron work, incased in porous tcrra-cotta, with tile or brick work in roof aud floor, and tile construction. The hollow tiles are faced with vitreous tile, slate, or any good weatherproof coating, or with a single tMckness of brick. The Emperor William is a little fidgety about the equipment of his army. He has, for instance, just changed all the lances for shorter . and stronger ones, after having ordered longer 1-u.wg Only recently he had the Cuirassiers supplied with revolvers ; these were immediately afterwards changed for carbines. These have been now replaced by rifles of a small calibre. There is one woman journalist, and only one, reporting the proceedings of the PameU Commission at tlie Law Courts. She is, how ever, a somewhat famous exception, for they sav that she is none other than Madame Venturi, the well-known friend of Mazzini. She holds the seat allotted to an Irish news paper and does correspondence for some Con- . > tinentol journals. 