DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From, our own Correspondent.) A social meeting of the members of the St. Joseph's Sodality was held in St. Joseph's Schoolroom (Loretto) on the 12th inst. This meeting is given annually by the nuns to the ladies belonging to this society, and is looked forward to always with pleasurable anticipations by both old and "young. Previous to the entertainment the guests, numbering about 200, sat down to a sumptuous tea. The schoolroom also was tastefully decorated with evergreens and flowers. After the refreshments the party adjourned to the adjoining room, in which there was a stage erected. The Right Rev. Monsignor Moore, Y.G., presided; the following priests being also present:—Revs. G. Doyle, Dr. Delany, Fr. Rogers, Fr. J. J. Cleary, Fr. H. J. Cleary, and Fr. Torpey. The entertainment consisted of tableaux vivants and dramatic selections, and proved very enjoyable. The usual weekly meeting of the executive committee of the All Nations' Fancy Fair was held in the Catholic Library on last Tuesday evening. There was a very good attendance. The programme for the opening night (the 7th October), and each succeeding evening during the first week was. drawn up, and approved. It will include tableaux, vocal and instrumental music, etc. After the formal opening of the fair by Sir "W. J. Clarke, the National Anthem will be rendered by a large chorus of trained singers. The secretary was instructed to look after the erection of the several stalls for the ladies. After a good deal of other busipess in connection with the fair had been dealt with, the proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the chairan. CONFIBMATION AT INGLEWOOX). {From the " Inglewood Advertiser.") On Thursday, 12th inst., at St. Mary's R.C. Church, Inglewood, his Lordship the Most Rev. James Moore, D.D., Bishop of Ballarat, administered the sacrament of confirmation to some fifty children of both sexes. The event was one looked ardently forward to by the candidates for confirmation and by their parents, as deeply interested in their spiritual welfare. His Lordship expressed himself as satisfied with the result of the children's examination. The girls were in the customary white dresses and veils, and occupied seats at one side of the church, while the boys filled the other, the young assemblage presenting a most pleasing effect. Mass had been celebrated by his Lordship at eight o'clock, and at ten o'clock the Mass preceding confirmation was celebrated by the Rev. P. O'Hare. At the conclusion his Lordship addressed the children, dwelling on the great importance of a worthy reception of the great sacrament about to be administered. ' His Lordship then proceeded with the administration, attended by the Rev. Fr. O'Hare ; Mr. F. E. Horan and Miss C. A. Horan acting as sponsors for the boys and'girls respectively. Although a week day, the church was well filled, several niembers ofiother denominations being, alsbjppsen^. -At the conclusion of the ; impressive ceremony his Lordship again addressed the children, giving •' a ;: lucid' explanation of the object aid efEeots .of the sacrament administered, counselling them to continue strong which had. been accompanied by gentlemen from the con! gregation, proceeded to the altar-rails and presented to his Lordship the follow' ing address:— To THE MOST REVEBEND JAMES MOOBE, D.D. LOBD BISHOP OF BAUIABAT. ' '• May it please your Lordship,—We, the Catholics of Inglewood and district, desire most respectfully to heartily welcome your Lordship on this the occasion of yonr first visit to us since your return from the Eternal City. It affords us unbounded gratification united with deep thankfulness to Almighty God, that we find your Lordship in renewed health. It has also been a source of much happiness to your people to hear that your Lordship enjoyed the great and pleasurable privilege of being present at Home at the celebration of the Jubilee of our Most Holy Father the Pope, an event which we know brought heartfelt joy to the Catholic world. In referring to that great celebration, we i would most earnestly and respectfully assure your Lordship that our profound reverenoe and love for the Holy Father have remained unshaken, and that in him we reoognise a most noble and worthy occupant of the Chair of the Great Prince of the Apostles. While on the subject of your Lordship's visit to the old world, we oannot forget that a considerable portion of your time was spent in the dear old land of your birth, and we feel assured that your Lordship's sympathies are with her injher longsustained constitutional struggle for those just rights which we happily enjoy in this great colony. As regards your Lordship's earnest zeal for the spiritual and temporal welfare of the flock committed to your care, we should appear most ungrateful did we allow this opportunity to pass without expressing our indebtedness to you for the truly generous efforts made by you on behalf of the Catholics throughout your diocese. Within the compass of this address we can touch but lightly on these important matters, but we may be permitted to instance your efforts on behalf of the religious and educational advancement of your people, and also in the great cause of charity by your introduction and establishment of the following orders within the diocese:—The Order of the Bedemptorist Fathers, the Order of the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, tho Order of the Nuns of St. Bridget, and the Order of the Poor Sisters of Nazareth, in addition to which you have also procured for your flock the devoted and much-needed services of additional excellent priests; and when we consider that from your large- heartedness and out of your own means you have made most generous provision for the successful foundation of the zealous orders referred to, we realise how much you. are entitled to the affectionate gratitude of your people. Knowing how anxious your Lordship has always been for the education of the ohildren of Catholic parents, we cannot but regret that the result of the general election plninly indicates that only by the continued exercise of patience and generous self-denial can we hope to obtain that just recognition by the State of an undoubted right so long and conscientiously contended for. In conclusion, permit us to most respectfully and sincerely thank your Lordship for your presence here to-day and for your sustained and earnest zeal in the advancement of the interests of Holy Church and the people committed to your care.—We remain, with great respect, your Lordship's most obedient servants (here follow numerous signatures), on behalf of the Catholics of Inglewood ana district. Inglewood, 12th September, 1889. In replying, his Lordship expressed the sincere pleasure the address afforded him on that occasion, as evidencing the Catholic spirit of his people in this town and district. In referring to his presence at the celebration of the jubilee of his Holiness the Pope, he said that what he witnessed of itself would well repay the journey he had undertaken. In reference to Ireland, he felt assured that the realisation of her hopes and the concession of her just rights were close at hand, and he felt proud of the assistance rendered to her by his people in her great constitutional struggle. Speaking of the religious, qrders henad introduced and founded within the diocese, he stated that in his e'xperiih'oi, extending oyer many years, the : Redemptorist Fathers could not be excelled in their good and earnest work for the ;Church. For education, the establishment of the College of the Holy. Ghost .at Ballarat, would prove a great success, and he anticipated for it a brilliant' and useful; career. He spioke also of the success attending the establishment of the Nuns of -the Order 6f St. Bridget* at Ararat; and as regarded : the Poor Sisters of Nazareth, he sincerely thanked the people who in this .town and district nad recently contributed to their wideextended! charity. "We had, it was true, benevolent institutions in the colony admirably conducted, but he thought they could all realise what a blessing it would prove to the aged poor and dying to have their spiritual wants attended to in their last hours- in; such an institution as that of, thp Poor Sisters. Passing to the subject of education, his Lordship, with tolling effect, stated that no matter what the result of political strife might be, no Catholic could .abandon the! principles .so long,; earnestly, (and conscientiously contended for without ceasing to be,.* Qa,tholic. Dr. Pearson,: who was reputed as a scholar, never seemed to have realised the true feeling of Catholics on this subject. For himself, he would willingly sacrifice everything rather than abandon the principles referred to, and should they (the Catholira of to-day) pass away before their just claims were acknowledged and conceded, the battle would still be fought by their successors, and would never cease till they obtained what they were justly entitled to. He thought that the sooner this truth was generally and fully realised the better—namely, that Cathocould never compromise themselves in lies a matter wherein their eternal welfare was at stake. In connection with Catholic education, and as evidencing how deep an interest he felt in this subject, it was his intention at the beginning of next year to endow a scholarship to the extent of £200, for the College of the Holy Ghost and the convents within his diocese; and he had been informed that the priests of the diocese contemplated establishing additional ones themselves. His Lordship, in conclusion, again expressed his sincere thanks for their kind address. 