Confirmation Service at St. 1 J times'. A cONFtBMATio.y service was held in St. James' Church lust evoning. There was a very large and attentive congregation. Can didates for confirmation numbered 81, and as a consequence of the number tho service wjs somewhat prolonged. The Bishop, in tnc courso of an earnest and eloquent address to tho candidates alter confirmation, took as tho subject part of tho confirmation prayer : 'And dnily increase in Thy Holy Spirit more and inor.\' Ho said wo must not look on baptism or confirmation as stopping places. Though wo bad received tho rite of baptism and the seal of confirmation, theso by no means finished bur Christian education. They were but the beginings of tho higher life. In that life, ti which they wero now called, thero must bo no standing still. S) soon a9 a tree failed to put forth fresh green shoots that trco failed properly to live. Death and decay arc in standing still. Wo must increase more and morn. And wo must not forget that the author of incrcaso nud of life was the Holy Spirit. Paul may plant and Apollas may water, but it is God alone can give the increase. Every good gift and every virtue were from God the Holy Ghost. Tho incrcise must go on, first the blade, then the cir, then the full corn in the ear. The growth was gradual, and must bo regularly attended to and looked for. It miy bo that growth an! increase will only bo attained through fear and trembling, but we must still increase. There were three principal thingj to be carefully attended to, in order to attain to this noces-ary increase. 1st, Prayer. The oxercise of the function of prayer resembled tho opening of the flower to tho sunlight. Light waa a nc eoasity of life. It was only in the glorious sunlight the life attained to its full maturity. It was only when the soul was fully opened to the influence of God the Holy Spi.-it that wo attained to tho fullness of spiritual life and enjoyed the grand lifo with which God had endowed us. It was of God's good will and pleasure that wo had life, and through prayer and the influenco of God's spirit we had that life in all its fullness. Tf we had any failing, any beseting s'n, it became us to be honest with ourselves, honest before God We should make that sin — that failure — the subject of increasing prayer to God. It needed no laboured sentence to pray; prayer was the simple expression of tho heart's desire. In the words of tho poet — Prayer is tho soul's sincere desire. Uttered or unexpressed ; The motion of a hidden fire Which trembles in the breast. 2\. A careful reading of the words of Christ. If the young members of the church of Christ would make tho reading of the words of the G reat Master a daily duty, they would experience that daily they were increasing as they should do. By a careful perseverance of this piaitice of mastering the words of Christ himself, they would experience a power in words which would eventually master them, and they would experi ence what it was to have Christ in them the hope of glory. Then would couie the glorious experience, ' He is ours ' and ' Wo are His.' 3\. Regularity at tbo Holy Communion. He would in all earnestness advise young com municants to let nothing interfere with regular attendance at this Holy Sacrament. Onco a month only was expected of them to attend this ordinance, and nothing should interfere with that duty. The duty of regularly giving of their substance to God was clearly explained as the duty of the Chrisfain, and the Bishop brought a thoughtful n-ldre3s ti a close by au earnest wi«h for tho daily increase of the young com municants in the Holy Spirit more and more. A hymn was then sung, and tho meeting was brought to a close by the pronouncing of tho benediction by the Bishop. 