. REVIEWS. i letters of Tliomaa Carlyle. Edited by C. E. NORTON. In two volumes. Macmillan and Co., London. 1889. If tho reminiscences nnd correspondence of Car lylo coileclod by Mr. Frrudo in ' his biography of the author of " Sartor Rosartus " and " Tho Froach lievolution " fail to givo a vory pleasant picture o£ the man. theso letters that Mr. Norton has boen at tho pains to bring together will only serve to still I furthor confuse the roador's judgment as to his per- | sonal charaotor. Froudo's pen portrait is as vivid as it is unprepossessing. But in tho letters that fill the two substantial volumes now before us we havo tho presentment of a devotedly affectionate husband, a generous brother, and a struggling man of letters, whose reversos havo not suoceodod in embittering him, at loast 82 far a3 the tone of his corrospondonco goes to show. It is true thoy covor a period of his lifo antecedent to that at which his later oharacter began to form. Tho first of these volumes includes letters watton by Carlyle frmi 1820, just after his marriage to Jane Welch Carlyle, up to 1832, whilo the second continues tho series up to 1880, just be- fore his famo was assured by the publication of " Tho French Revolution." They aro addressed ehiofly to uiombors of his own family, having boon writton at a time when he had fow important correspondents in the outer world. Tho editor is careful to point out that many of the letters appearing hero have already been used by Mr. Froude, " bat thoy aro printed with what in the work of any other editor would bo surprising indifference to correctness, while the inferences drawn from them in Mr. Froudo's narration are sometimos open to question, sometimes unwarranted," This little passage, interpolated in the prefaco with somo doftnesB, seems to supply the raison d'être of tho present book, if not explioitly, at least by a very unmistakable inference. It must be confessed that the picture of Carlyle here presented differs very materially from that with which Mr. Froude has familiarised the publio, although thero is not wanting evidence even in these pages of the cynicism that came after. Carlyle was married on Ootobor 17,1826, and the first of these letters is dated two days later, and addressed to his mother. It is natural, per- haps, that ho should speak of his wife in terms of affection here, but the tone of bis reference in this first letter is kept up through tbo book. Alluding to her he writes ; " For my wife I may say in my heart that she is far better than any otbor wifo, and loves me with a dovotedness which it is a mystory to mo how I have ever deserved. She is gay and happy as a lark, and looks with such soft cheerful ness into my gloomy countenance that new hopo passes over mo every time I meet her eye. You yourself (and that is saying much") could not have nursed and watched over mo with kinder affection, wrecked as I am by my movements and counter-movements; ali my despondency cannot make her despond; sue seems happy enough if she can but see me and minister to me." But even as early as this his life-long enemy bad begun to buffet him. " I was very sulleu yestor day," wo find him telling his mother in thia ' letter, " sick with - sleeplessness,' quite nervous, ' billas,' splenetic, and all the rest of it," And in nearly all of h'8 letters thero is to be found some reference to this kind of thing in one shape or another. In fact this collec- tion of correspondence may be summarised as dealing with the writer's dyspepsia, his family affection, his efforts to live by literary work, his literary and other acquaintances during these earlier years, and his literary ambitions culminating in the publication of " The French Revolution." With regard to the second of these, it may be eaid that he kept up an affectionate correspondence with his mother and brothers all through these years, and his sympathies, as well as his slender purno, appear to havo been always at tho service of his brothers, John, Alexander, and James. It would Boem, in- deed, that his generosity for the two formor to a considerable extent crippled his earlier years of struggle, and kept him always within arm's length of necessity, for we find him frequently offering his fow spare pounds to Alexander Carlyle, and at one time regretting that his intentions in this brother's regard were only limited by the fact that he had but 7s. remaining in his house. The story of his first attempts to live by tho labour of his pen is little different from that of moBt other woll known men of letters who have passed through tho same stage. Carlyle felt all the dissatis- faction that others havo expressed at literary work produced under the spur of nocoisity, for periodicals and magazines, and the reador of those letters will find lum oxousing him-olf in various ways for his enforced continuance in these by-ways of litoroturo-now by tho example of Irving, whom ho reports as saying that the only money to be earned by literary work was that offered by the magazine*, and again by the fact that somo of his works, notably, " Sartor Rosartus," could only find publication in this form. What he really thought on the subject is clearly enough ex-pressod in a letter to his brother, Dr. John Carlyle. " Hold fast your talent,*' he says, " as.tho most pre- cious of your possessions ; but understand ever honce forlh that ' periodical writing ' is the death oven of this. It strikes mo that there is a deeper quality in you, both intellectual and moral, than has yet quite displosod it»elf ; that you may write usefully and well, but not in thia way." In 1831 ho wont up to London to live, and the outlook in tho metropolis does not appear to have affected him favourably at first. . " Literature," ho says, " Boems done, or nearly BO ; nil enterprises languish.Nothing seems to thrive but ponny journals. Arc wo at tho end, then ? Meanwhile, be gratified to know that these things, and twenty limes as many, cannot dispirit mo. I fool in gonoral that I havo wit enough in my head to livo; and look upon many things with the cheerfullest still de- fiance I havo known for long " , ' It can scarcely be said that, on tho whole, this collodion is of very general interest. As has been said, it deals with a period of Carlylo'B life which possesses little interest except for thoso who can find a pleasure in studying the development of such a strougly-raarkod charaotor as his. Ho had not yet boon brought into living contact with his con- temporaries, and with tho exception of Jeffreys, Leigh Hunt, and a few others of less noto, we get little or no reference lo the writers of his time. -In BO far as occasional passages in somo of theso letters refer, in paBsing, to the, works ho had in contemplation-his "Sartor Rosartus," "French Revolution," "Signs of the Times," "German Litoraturo," and others bolonging to or about this period- theso volumes have a certain secondary literary interest, but it is morely a secondary and subordinate ono. It is doubtful, indeed, if any better reason oxists for tho publica- tion of this correspondence, apart from the usual desire of the public to road all it eau gather about the private life of notablo mon in any walk of life whatsoever, than as a counterfoil to the literary por- trait Mr. Froude has presented. Mr. Norton points out in several cases where that writer has boen at fault, a specially marked instance of the kind being in ' connection with the muoh-discussed remark used by Carlyle in ono of his letters, that ho was " gey ill to deal with," Mr. Froude has in six different placos misquoted HUB passage of dialect to Carlyle's disadvantage, so that it reads in his narrativo as though Carlyle stood self-condomnod as boing " gay ill to live with." This is the third volumo of letters by Carlylo that Mr. Norton bos edited, and if tho present budget fails to excito the same intorost in tho growth of the literary power of their writer that tho first collection attracted, they will at least possess an intorost of thoir own on account of tho aim the editor bas had in placing them boforo the public It can scarcely be said that thcBo volumes succeed in entirely rehabilitating Oarlylo's personal character for amiability, since thoy doal with only tho earlior years of his literary career. But thoy at least co for to show that Mr. Froudo's estimate is not to bo accepted entirely without criticism, or his data without question. Longmans' New Allai, PolUieal and Thysical. Edited by GEO. G. CHISHOLM, M.A., B.So. Longmans, Green, and Co., 1889. Tho object of this new Atlas may bo desoribod best hy the introductory remarks prefaced to it. It i is, wo are told, " intended primarily as an Atlas for UBO in schools." With this view, threo things havo been aimed at as of .ohief importance ; first, tho adequste importance of the physical features ; second, the careful and Bomowhat ex- clusive selection of names ; third, the facilitating of comparison as to size betweon the countries and regions included in the difforent maps. With regard to the representation of the physical features the editor has chosen to represent thom in conneotion with political outlinos and on the same maps-a Bystom which was preferred for reasons of an economical nature. The system is a good one, enabling tho studont to pore'ive on the samo maps tile physical and political eh,iraetorÍ3tic3 of a country almost nt a glance. Tho maps of Germany and Russia aro specimens of the com- pleteness and modornneis of tho Atlas in I dopicting the march of territories. Notably is this the case in Russia's late Asiatic developments. Tho plan adopted in some instances of inserting a map dopicting the territorial growth of countries, is likewise commendable. In this way, with regard to Germany, tho extent of tho posses- sions of Brandonburgh at tho doath of the great Elector in 1Ö88, is compared with tho oxtontof tho kingdom of Prussia at the death of Fredorick tho Great, and that again with tho measure of tho Prussian Kingdom before the war of 1866 ; thiB in turn swelling out into the dimensions of the Gor many of lo-day, after the war of 1870, when it had absorbed to itself tho conqu-rod territory of Alsace Lorraine. A valuablo system this of illustrating the studont's reading of history, and giving him at tho samo time a material witnoss based on his perception of proportion of a nation's extension longlhways and breadthwise. A favourable point or this work ÍB that it is not ovor-oncumborod with names-a fault of many similar productions. As well aB thoso dopicting tho physical and political features of countries, ¿naps aro included showine tho average temperature aud rainfall over the various regions of the globe, a provision which, as well as being useful from a sc-ienttfio point of view, will be convenient to the part of the general public dosirous of obtaining information as to the olimate and rainfall of any given oountry. For instauce, Sydney is in the name annual isotherm as Callao in South America, on the one hand, and a point below Durban, on the coast of Africa, on the other-tho average tempera- ture of tho threo places being 70 dogroo3 Fahrenheit Other matters illustrate tho meteorological charac- teristics, the chai actor and extent of vegetation, and the racial and religious proportion of peoples ac- cording to tho areas they occupy of the various divisions of tho land, Appended to the proper map portion of the work are plates ombodying charac- teristic physical, social, and architectural features of countries and people which, ns far as they go (and being out of tho ordinary Bcope of an 'Atlas they nro limited in number), are instructive and interesting. No moro striking illustration of tho offects of climate could bo fur- nished than tho landscapes representing tho physical chuinc'oristics of the Soilly Islands, with their wealth of subtropical foliage, and Ihnso of Kerguien, in the same latitude in another hemisphere, bleak, desolated, and blasted-" the ghost of a land " ; the différence being caused by the prevalence in the noi them islands of warm winds and warm currents which are unknown to Kerguien. Among the numerous supplementary charts attached to the Atlas is ono showing charac- teristic typei of the thrco great varieties of tho human raco-the Mongol, tho Negro, and tho Caucasian. Included among them aro the Batmen, of the Congo Basin, the smallest known race of mon, avoraging only 4ft 8in. in height (unless the dwarfs encountered in the great forest by Stanloy be smaller), and the Kalang, a Javaneso race, of which the individual from whom the plato is taken was the last earthiy representative, aud whoso ex- traordinary Simian type strongly suggests the truth of the Darwinian theory. From these, and, indeed, from all the aboriginal types presented, the familiar face of the Australian blackfellow stands out in favourable aud pleasant prominence. It will thus be seen that the student of Longmans' new Atlas will have unusual facilities of systo matising his gepgraphical knowledge, and arranging it with regard to simple but telling ethnological, botanical, historical, and, 'in some cases, geolo cal facts. The work of-^tho geognpher is almost done. There is little of the world's great space left blank iii this Atlas. The Dark Continent which held its seorets well up to recent years is at last, in dofeience to tho indomitable ardour of explorers, to whom «il ardui est ia at length slowly and stub- bornly yielding up its hoardod secrets. Every region of the oarth is full of tbo labours of the geographi- cal savant- every hill and lake and stream falling into its ordered place-moasured, sounded, and surveyed. The cataloguo is nearly full, and igno- rance is Buroly and swiftly falling out of its placa ns an eloment of inacouraoy/l in tho preparation of maps ; but the eloment of change still exists. We aro, according to almost all authorities, on the verge of a war which may substantially chango the political divisions of two, perhaps to our chagrin, three continents. This yoar the work before us is new. Next year, as far tis accuracy of political division is concerned, it may be as old as were the maps of half a cauttiry ago in reference to purely physical geography. Still, pending such a ohango it may be regarded as a highly satisfactory produc- tion, ably deaignod, accurate, and beautifully printed. _ Lost Leaders. By ANDUEVV LAND. Keegan Paul, Trench,"and Co., London. 1889. Undor this title aie reprinted a series of leaders contributed to the Utily News by Mr. Andrew Lang. In a few preparatory lines Mr. Lang plaoes the responsibility of their republiealion upon tho shoulders of tho publishers, in conjunction with Mr. Pett Ridge, who selected and arranged thora. They aro upon various topics of a general nature, embracing sporting, literary, social, and othor topics, and aro marked by much of Mr. Lang's peculiar grace and scholastic charm of expression. Mr. G-. A. Sala wrongly, wo think-put forward tho argument that leading articles upon whioh the roador could place his hand and say, "That is so and BO'S article" aro, as loading articles, badly written. It would ba hard to mis- take Mr. Lang's style in these artiolos, which are marked by his poouliar literary habits. Ho has a way of seeing things always in their pootioal aspects, and driving homo his sayings by peculiarly apt quotation which belongs to himself. With him, as woll as with evory othor writer of eminence, individuality must bo present in his productions, whether a volume of poems, a review, or a loading article, Tho articles before us aro only interesting for what they contain of Mr, Lang's, That gentleman has the journalistic faculty to a certain oxtout, but not probably to a Very great extent. There aro, for instance, many mon of far less literary ability than he who could yet write much bottor leading articles on ordinary topics. Mr. Lang's genius must have something sympathotio aiound whioh to wreathe itself. The best way to take him is as a poet who talks sweetly and sensibly on subjects which attract him, and probably dons not care to deal with thoso with which ho has no literary affinity. Porhnps the articles, of all in the Bories boloro us, in whion Mr. Lang is at his host are thoso on " Salmon Fishing" and " American Humour"-subjects in the choice of which tho poot and man of lettors is re- vealed. Tho formor is much in tho spirit of Mr. J. A. Froude's splendid " study" on tho samo sub- ject, but, of course, much shorter, and with the unsatiäfaclorinoss attaching to brevity. That on Amoricaa Humour is ohargod with charming criticism. Aftor all, wo question, howovor, whether it was really worth Mr. Lang's litorary while to consent to tho publication of these leaders, It all the clever mon of letters who write loading articles, for the London paper3 alono, followed his oxamplo, j wo =hould probably bo dolugod with a now library of literature. Hoivover, tho dioico in tbo pr.isont caso has boen restricted to artiolos of pormanont interest, and thu roador who spends a couple of on joyablo hours over tnom will hardly quarrel with their author for departing fiom press traditions. 