The Joys of a Country Life. [WRITTEN FOB THE " GAZETTE."] HI. If there be any truth in a well known aphorism which euunciates the spiritual connection existing between punctuality and business, your country cousin is essen tially NOT a business-man. He makes an appointment say, to meet you at the " Carrier's Arms" at ten o'clock next Saturday morning. Now there is 110 neces sity to unduly trouble yourself about the matter; take things very easily ; restrain any tendency to excitement; worry, you know, is trying to the nerves. It is about a thousand chances to one that you will be on the spot at the appointed time, but the chances are " up among the myriads " that good honest Hodge will waltz round about three hours later, to find you fuming and frothing, or perchance, dilating in 110 measured terms on the singular ineptitude of farmers in general, and in your appointee in particular. We were in this predicament a few weeks ago. Listen whilst we illus trate the supineness of our phlegmatic neighbour, and, as you ponder over the depth to which human depravity may sink, remember that we merely illustrate a daily and perpetually-recurring experience of rural life in sunny New South Wales. Xmas wae approaching, and it was ours to seek out and purchase that form of feathered appetiser that most nearly met with our idea of celebrating the festive season in the time-honoured method of our fathers. We decided to offer up a pair of ducks at the shrine of Santa Claus. Consulting the latest market quotations in Sydney we learned that the wholesale price of ducks at the time was somewhat under four shil lings. Now, when a professional or clerical gentleman essays to do business with our friend Hodge, by some unaccountable pro cess of reasoning peculiar to the rustic in tellect, the would-be buyer becomes a de fendant, with the seller as plaintiff. The former is actually an object of suspicion, and is placed upon trial; our modern John Willet is ready to act as judge, and the bar of his inn becomes for the nonce the Temple of Justice. The buyer, after waiting with more or less patience at the appointed place three or four hours beyond the appointed time, is expected to greet the seller on hrs arrival in a most gGod-humoured manner. He should then open negotiations by inviting him to partake of hospitality in a liquid form, and then, without further delay, offer to the assembled company some apology for his conduct in presuming (with malice aforethought, probably) to attempt to barter with a real live working mail. (This latter phrase, by the way, in the colony, has come to mean : " A man who works with his hands, thinks by proxy, advocates Protec tion, and belongs to a trades union." It excludes all those useless and unnecessary beings who, having brains, use them. The gist of this senseless argument is that brain work is not toil in the ordinary sense of the term). But, to resume, having given an explanation of our conduct, and offered an apology for our presumption, we proceed to intimate our willingness to exchange six shilling pieces for two ducks. In making this oiler we feel that we are magnanimously Wideavouring to add about four shillings cash to our good friend's income (for when the wholesale price of goods is 3/9, with expenses to come out of that sum, the farmer gets about a florin). The seller, however, was obdurate, and steadfastly re fused to part with one pair out of the forty pairs he had for sale, at a lower cash price than three half-crowns. On principle we refused to buy, for we prefer hunger to ex tortion. It was with groat delight (for we are human, and the selfish instinct some times gets the better of our charity) that we heard a month later of our seller having sent his ducks to Sydney, and the account sales from the commission agent showing expenses, &c.;, to be some ten shillings more than proceeds. Thus it is that in a farming district it is well nigh impossible to buy farm produce. There is a certain elass of people who look on every educated man as fit prey for extortion. And so day after day we see evidence of the old Adam in man coming out. There is still much room for improvement in honesty, truth, justice, and fair dealing between man and man. Burns was right when he said Man's inhumanity to man Makes countless thousands mourn. The day may come, must surely come we believe, for we are somewhat optimistic, when the god of self-interest will be levelled to the dust, and When man to man the world o'er Shall brithers be for a' that. Then again : Time was when, at least we might lay the flattering unction to our soul that we were beyond the wiles of book-hawkers, tailors agents, ET HOC GENUS OMNE. That time has gone. No longer may we of th* country settle ments rest content in the sweet conscious ness that our usually placid tempers will remain unruffled-free from the disturb ing influences of the inexorable bore that made existence in the metropolis unbear able long ago. We have ceased to ques tion the truth of Byron's verdict Society is but one polished horde Formed of two mighty tribes-the bores and bored. Your peripatetic vendor of brummagem jewellery ever and anon haunts your rural residence, and like an ugly ghost reminds you of the phrase in Childe Harold, " In solitude 'tis that we're LEAST alone." Your dark-browed, swarthy native of Jerusalem comes, not singly but in scores, to exhibit his olive wood beads, coarse sponges, and tawdry bric-a-brac before your enlightened vision. And even our old acquaintance the book hawker, who still appears to thrive despite the felonious intent of many a victim of his VCEL, has managed to penetrate the dense forests around, and outrage our solitude. And now, with a self- sacrificing desire to place within your reach what good old John Milton called "the precious life blood of a master spirit embalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life," he endeavours to convince you that the RES IPSISSIMA. to aid you in searching for the SUMMUM BONUM is a copy of the biographical, medical, or geographical work which he so patrioti cally hawks round the country in the cause of enlightenment and education. Of insurance agents, and Mongolian hawkers, of tailors representatives, piano, sewing machine, and tea vendors, of Hindoos (vulgarly called Indians [sic]), and itinerant tinkers, we need only re mark the desolate country wilds seem to be more infested by them now-a-days - than was the city a few year.s back. Much more might be said did time or space permit; but enough! we have shown that the joys of a country life are of the negative order, and it yet remains for us to discover the positive ones. To sum up : A country life has joys no doubt, but they are not to be found in the people ; in their intellectual capabilities ; in the abundance, quality, and cost of country products ; in the enjoyment of rural rambles ; nor in the best society solitude. There is, however, one pleasing reflection. Wordsworth was at his best when he wrote, Books, we know. Are a substantial world, both pure and good ; Round these, with tendrils strong as flesh and blood, Our pastime and our happiness will grow. LIONEL LEWIS. 