|ULGaUuiVM|>wvUUui [?] Tlir: Pjrnrjtflow ire won before." TORY." -Vuloil. tojwmwi-- - Wij£g tim l£jgiiirmti>:: "riv>s>\ y-atrick fend ran aifcer m Le-trordttf <eom- ifexnict'ouhfe -' .--v ,j7 -t.v.-v. .- R: Bgma penmodvdywravea Ins fund: niiwBV np'ind catch it; Jris never .would .-. As8at zip on bfe RtlJe'-coektttiL l;Nerer.»Mpup|tyoxfe4ifrr&, - - :.= mptwAi/tawSb ntinnlgdeht-asta; 3BTOW older, -:Eyeiy lyebolder \- Agreed e lgrfew ; handsomely aleeker, end ' > ; j _ - ;--:tI4%DweyeriiiBwbeel8 wemaytriogy: i rWpode steadily still with onward jog, . s-7 :=Aad iheootit- taU'd poppy's aeudy-tafTd dog ! "5Vhen; iustat.the tune He was reaching " primed '. , , : : AndeUtiicraghtbeMbetannngont something -' sublime, « : - Oneanlatiyday. How, no one coold Bay, V '_T?betiieriBome eoft liaison induced . him to Orwocne kidiuppiBg vagabond .'ooax'd him . "sway, w» Joet to the view, . likethemozsiag >,- dew; — \- He bad been, and was not — that's -all that they . r-'laiew. . . ., -jLnd the Gagman stonn'd,nd the Bagman :;v -;«wore ; . v!-' " " .' a,' neyer a Bagman had sworn before ,; Bca'atohnloi .or aweariog bat little svtjfe .. \- !Et»rewreif lost clogs srith gteat cnriy'tiiUa.— - \--. jnTaJtfge" jand eoort, cloae by BUIiter J > TBfin aSzianiiqa, -old, Tral inthorougb repair, .inrtytrangethiog, hom the general air ?vaDtJte|BBadaeahnaiBhowSt got there ; frlliaflMasfiwoalwitur . jpjuebalt score, — i rV- ghjwnidt thegronnd floor, ghdl-palAem'd architrave oyer the ' j£f BpacuniEL andaeems to be built on the ;w, . . \- : r- C|nleinwe house In the raqjaef jQueen <M- w® very L'-3rflijknow,;. ; ..' . . ..." . , _ ioXQdora and Stuarts 4he City could V-V; fpw : -; riT s ; , u . ||&7tilemea. seata above Bridge and th,iaunn aoon after Induced them to Michael Corahill, and £t Mary-le- and St- Geoige, and St, Anne PjSthfe sa lt may, -rat the date I assign that's bout Seventeen Sixty nuncio n, siowrather upon the decline, pui& Jmajgigniiied bwneiv— bdangiog, In finey gW iy. Weiperayit, Rogers, and jAktapecUbta&oqae; in the Manchester line. more, before ; to aepd raw|in|a|uta bcy, -ooald .aid; rmy)xSy#iialE6gent,half friend,— tne|xy9anfal anatteraa iar aa Pstend ; iithyyItdi'4 op srasinthony Waajman/not addicted to grogi g aho. xriioJiad foot this great WtcrorbtwtaJ roondelay ' ' .. the txaniversdy "WhitepOnipite to Cuniberiand Paaam$eXs3y ibo' thrnme acuitar, Shnpmariwho aadkea i ebn; frcgnnlgateB hu oridition may be, hofe nd you'll and the yier at ' ' "' c" " - . -; v -- :' ' ' Ra,ltafo7ori»haidge«(aiee . . ggeTpriacea Tand ria'oi on each hnnd MfatndUinM <my the did «nbaricao gay ... fltopeltieame 1-now diaembaric so ''1T" :"71 fiocca- Tbi hortjbower cable,— the jib,<-4nd sheet 0£ lowerleclc guna, — and 7_b£ broadaidei and ". '''- -: iy-' "- ' Eralh nnd tope&il;'and splimng main v-.'"-,riffaeeiL:o- " '-'V--';"/ . ' nd"Sldv«a: nw timbers 1 nd other odd -cheririi theirliwr, And what veiy long pigtails a great many -wear.' — Bdt, Reader, 1 atom it— the fact is, 1 fear, To be candid, I can't make these matters so dear < As hlanyat, or Cooper, or Captain Chamier, Or &ir; EL Lytton Bulwer, who brought up the rear Of the 4' Haatacale,' just at the end of last year, Rightecn thirty-nine — how TCme flies!— Ob, .- dear .With a well.written preface, to make it appear Riat hla'play, the u. Sea-Captain, 11 s by no J /naana ««n beer. There i-hronght up. the rear"— you aee theie.cjmietake '.„... "Which notbhe'cf lha auVhora Tve mentioned j fwbulddnaiK, - I ought to have'sald, that he ' eail'd in their , i- wake."— " _ 1 ' So Til merely observe, aa the water grew \- -rougher - The more my poor hero continued to suffer. Till the Sailor " themselves cried, in pity, Boor Buffer!" . ' Still rougher it grew, And etill harder it ; blew, .; And the thunder luck'd up audi a hallibaUoo, 'That even the Skipper began to look blue ; ' While the crew, who were few, Look'd very queer, too, And eeem'd not to know what exactly to do, And they who'd the charge of them wrote in thejogs, "Wind U.E.— blows a hurricane — rains cats . nod dogs." In short, it Boon grew to a tempest as rode as That Shakspeare describes near the "still vext Bermudas,1 When the winds, in their sport, Drove aside from its port The Eing'a ship, with the whole Neapolitan . Court, - And ewamp'd it to give "the King's Son, Ferdinand," a Soft moment or two with the Lady Hiranda, While her Fa met the rest, and severely rebuked 'em For unhandsomely doing him out of his Dukedom. Tou don't want me, however, to paint yoa a Storm, Aa «o many have done, and in colours so warm : Lord Byron, for instance, in manner facetious, Mr. Ainswoitb more gravely, — see also Lucre tins, —A writer who gave me no trifling vexation When a youngster at school on Dean Colet's foundation.— Suffice it to say That the whole of that day, And the next, and the next, they were soud ding away Quite out of their course, Propell'd by the force .Of those -flatulent folks known in Classical story as AquDo, Libs, Notua, Auater, and Borea, Driven qoite at their mercy Twixt Guern sey and Jersey Ull at length they came bump ou the rocks and the shallows, In West longitude, One, fifty- seven, near St Ualra ; There you trill not be surprised That the vessel capsized, Or that Blogg, who had made, from intestine commotions, His specific&l; gravity less than the Ocean's, Should go floating away, Midst the surge aind spray, Lake a 'cork in a gutter, which, swoln by t ' shower, . Rune down Holboro-hill about sine knots as hhur. You've seen, I've no doubt, at Bartholomew Fair, Gentle Boeder, — that is, if you've ever been with their hands tied behind them, some two or three pair Of boys round a bucket set up on a chair, Stopping, and dipping Eyes, nose, chin, and lip in, Their faces and hair with the water all dripping, 1 In an noxious attempt to catch hold of a pippin, That bobs up and down in the water when ever They touch it, as mocking the fruitless en deavour ; Exactly as Poets say,— how, though, they can't tell us, — Old Nick's Nonpareils play at bob with poor Taatslaa —Stay !— I'm cot clear, But I'm rather out here ; Twas the water itself that slipp'd from him, Xfear; Faith, I can't recollect — and I haven't Lem priere. — No matter,— poor Blogg went on ducking and bobbing, Sneering out the salt water, and gulpiug and sobbiog, Just as Clarence, in Shakspeare, describes all the qualms he Experienced while dreaming they'd drowned him in Malmsey. O Lord," be thought, " what pain it was to drown 1 " And saw great fishes with great goggling eyes, Glaring as he was bobbing up and down, And looking aa they thought him quite a prise; When, aa he sank, and all was growing derk, \- A something seized him with its jews 1 — A \- Shark?— No-nacb'4hing, Header:— most opportunely for Blogg, Twos a very large, web-footed, curly-tail'd »<«' I'm not touch of a trav'Uer, and really can't bbast That 1 know a great deal of the Brittany coast, But Tye often heard say That e'en to this 4 day, The people of Granville, St Haloes, and there- L about Are adaie that Society doesn't roach care ' about; Men who gain their subsistence by contraband dealing. And a mode of abstraction strict people call Notwithstanding ail which, they are civil of ajueecb, Above all to a Stranger who ccmes within reach ; And they were so to Blogg When the ourij-htiTd Hog At laht drejg'd him out, high and dry on the beach. . But wo all have been told, By the proverb "of bid, . By rio roeans lb think "all that glitters is _ /. ;'And,?vi"fa(rt, abiaie advance That most l . ii ppofii In Trance Join the wiannera and air of a J faUre A Dame, Te tbe tsorala— aa johnaoh of Chesterfield : _-Jhid)— - ... Of an elderly lady, an Babylon Wd, Hiich adoicted jbo.flirting, and dressing in j .e thmju.i| inight, Jt emhanWd Bltjgg quite" Tofindjhoaa about himso very, polite. .A suspidoua ; observer perhaps might have 3l!%erifraahtRtendered withaojniirii good m'tfldfrfOawifl- pocket-book, rihgbat wdl aecnred round his his finger that jbtfllttfiTpo.jbne cbuld Bave gnesa'd thty PSgSeahoro (femridedaf foarj ware not a Rutjuxt of the f J» a» agavw . a The Bagman, proceeding, With equal good breeding, To espieas, in indifferent French all he feels, The great curiy-tail'd Dog keeping close to his j heels.— They noon reach'd the hut, which eeem'd partly in ruin, , AH<4be way bowing, chattering, shrugging, ' TfKJ\l>£«ttng, |Gtimicig.and what Saflorsoall party -+oot ng. ' utihener, kadcr,%b<9h E__ j fToujgjjjhepever your sbid4t alLjout of To wyTif you find richer viands won't Btop in it, A basin of good mutton broth with a chop in it? (Such a basin and chop as I once hoard a witty one Call, at tba Garriek, a " c— d Committee one," An expression, I own, I do not think a pretty one.) However, it's dear That, with sound table beer, Such a mess as I speak of is very good cheer ; Especially, too. When a person's wet through. And Is hungry, and tired, and don't know what to do. Now just such a mese of delicious hot pottage Was emoking away when they entcr'd the cottage, And casting a truly delicious perfume Through the whole of an ugly, old,ill- furnieh'd room ; " Hot, smoking hot," On the fire was a pot Well repleoish'd, but really I can't say with ' what; For, famed as the Frenoh always are fur ragouts, No creature can tell what they put in their BteWB, Whether bufl- frogs, old gloves, or old wigs, | or old shoes ; Notwithstanding, when ofler'd I rarely refuse, Any more than poor Blogg did, when, seeing the reeky Repast placed before him, scarce able to speak, he In ecstacy muttered " By Jove, Cocky-leeky !" In an instant, as aoon As they gave him a spoon. Every feeling and faculty bent on the gruel, he No more blamed Fortune for treating him cruelly, But fell tooth and nail on the soup and the boutlli, Meanwhile that old man standing by, Subducted his long coat-tails on high, With liis back to the fire, as if to dry A part of his dress which the watery sky Had visiied rather incleiueutiy.— Blandly he smiled, but still be looked sly, And a something sinister lurk'd in his eye. Indeed, had you seen him his maritime dress You'd bare ows'd bis appearance was not prepossessing ; He'd a "dreadnought" coat, and heavy safoti With thick wooden soles turned up at the i toes, His nether man cased in a striped quclque . chose, And a hump on his back, and a great hook'd So that nine out of ten would be led to sup- , pose That the person before them was Punch in plain clothes. Yet still, as I told you, he smiled on all pre sent, And did all that ley in bis power to look pleasaut. 1 The old woman, too, Made a mighty ado, Helping tier guest to a deal of the steir ; She flsh'd up the meat, and she helped hint to that, ' She belp'd him to loau, and she halp'd him to fat, And it looked like Hare — hut it might have been Cat- The little garfom, too, strove to express 1 Their sympathy towards the " Child of dis tress " 1 With a great deal of juvenile French polUasc : 1 But ' the Bagman bluff Continued to 1 etuffM Of the fat, and the lean, and the tender and tough, Till they thought he would never cry " Hold, i enough ! " And the old woman's tones became far lees agreeable, Sounding like pate ! and sacre I and dlable / I've Been an old saw which is well worth repeating, That says, "Goo&t; CBatrngr DfBrttpH) goohr Drpnfcpngr." You'll find it so printed by CerJon or S&pnfepn;, And a very good proverb it is to my thinking. Blogg thought so too As he finished his stew, His ear caught the sound of the word " AforiiUu / " Pronounced by the old woman under her breath. Now, not knowing what she could mean by " Blue Death ( " He conceived Bhe referr'd to a delicate brewing Which is almoBtsynonymoce,— namely, "Blue lluin." So he pureed up his lip to a smile, and with glee, j In Ilia cockneyfy'd accent, responded, " Oh, Tec/" Which made her understand he Was asking for brandy ; So 6he turn'd to the cupboard, and, having some bBody, Produced, rightly deeming he would not object to it, An orbicular bulb with a very long neck to it ; In fact, you perceive her mistake was the eame as Lie, Each of them "reasoning right from wrong premises | —And, here, by the way Allow me to say, | Kind Reader, you sometimes permit me to j j stray — j "TIs strange the French prove, when they I take to aspersing, j So inferior to us in the science of cursing ; I Kick a Frenchman dawn stairs, How | absurdly be swears, ) And bow odd 'tis to hear him, when beat to a ieI|r. Roar out in a passion, Blue Death !" and " Blue Belly I " "To return to our sheep" from this little digression :— - Blogg's features assumed a complacent ex pression As he emptied bis glass, and she gave him a fresh one ; Too little he heeded How fast they suc ceeded. Perhaps you or I might have done, though, as he did,-,. .4 j For when once Madame Fortune deals out her ! hard rape, It's amazing to think, How one "cottons" to drink ! At such times, of all things in nature, perhaps. There's not one that's half so seducing as Schtiaps Mr. Blogg, beside being nncomtfionly dry, Was, like most other Bagmen, remarkably shy, — " Did yon like to deny " — " Felt obliged to comply" Every time that she asked him to " wet t'other eye.;" For twas worthy remark that she spared not the stoup Though before she had seem'd so to grudge him the soup. At length the fumes rose To his brain ; and his nose Gavo hints of a strong disposition tu doze, And a yearning to seek " horizontal repose." — His queer-looking host, Who, firm at his post, Daring all the long meal had continued to toast That garment 'twere rude to Do more than allude to, Perceived, from rns breathing and nodding, the views Of his guest were directed to "taking a snooze : " 80 he caught up a lamp in hia huge dirty paw, With (as Blogg used to tell it) " Jfounteer, mrirvg maw I " And ,r mirebalTd " hia so "The tray he should go," Upstairs to an attic, large, gloomy, and low.. Without table or chair. Or a moveable there, Save an old-faahioto'd bedstead, much out of Tepiur, , That fetood at the and tnoei removed from the stair.-— With a grin and a shrug The beet points to the rug . JaA as much as to eay, "There !— T think ynuTlbeenug!" fate the light <m the fiodr. Walks to the door,-. Mlakeea fohnalfiWflaci,«pdip then «een so . more'; When just as the car lost the sound of his tread, To the Bagman's surprise, and, at first, to his dread, The great curly-tail'd Dog crept from under the bed!— —It's a -very nioe thing when a man's in a ! fright, And thinks matters all wrong, to find matters '.allrigbt; As, for instancy when going home late- ish at ? Viigbt 'f- . , 'through a Churchyard, and aeeii!g% thing all in white, > . Which, of course, one is led to consider a Sprite, To find that the Ghost Is merely a post, Or a miller, or chalky-faced donkey at most ; Or, when taking a walk sb the evenings begin To close, or, as some people call it, " draw in," And some undefined form, " looming large " through the base, Presents itself, right in your path, to your gaze, Inducing a dread Of a knock on the bead, Or a sever'd carotid, to find that, instead Of one of those ruffians who murder and fleece men, It's your Uncle, or one of the " Rural Police- , men ; " — Then the blood flows again Through artery cud vein ; You're delighted with what just before gave you pain : You laugh at your fears — and your friend in the fog Meets a welcome as cordial as Anthony Blogg Now beatow'd on hi friend — the great curly- tail'd Dog. For the Dog leap'd up, and his paws found a place On each aide hia neck in a canine embrace. And he lick'd Blogg's hands, and he lick'd his face, And he waggled his tail, as much aa to say, "Mr. BWg, we've foregather'd before to day " And the Bagman saw, na he now sprang up, What, beyond all doubt, He might have found out Before, had he not been so OAgei to sup, 'Twas Sancho ! — the Dog he had roar'd from a pup !— The Dog who when sinking had seized his hair,— The Dog who had eared, and condocted him there, — The Dog he had lost out of Biiliter Square ! ! It's passing aweet, An absolute treat, Wbcu friends, long sever'd bydist&ucemeet;, — With what warmth and afiVction esch other they greet 3 Especially, loo, as we very well know, If there seems any chanco of a little cadrau, A ''Present from Brighton," or "Tukeu" to show, In the shape of a work-box, ring, bracelet, or That our friends don't forget us, although they may go To RamsgHte, or Rome, or Fernando Po. If some little advantage seems likely to etart, From a fifty -pound note to a two-penny tart, j It's surprising to eee how it softens the heart, 1 And you'll fiad those whose hopes from the other are strongest, Use, in common, endearments the thickest and longest. But, it was not so here , For although it is clear, When abroad , and we hare not a single friend E'en a cur that will lore ug becomes very dear, And the balance of interest 'twixt him And the D.«g Of course was inclining to Anthony Blogg, Yet he, first of all, ceased Tu encourage the beast. Perhaps thinking " Enough is as good as n feAFt ; " And besides, as we've EAid, being sleepy and | mellow, Hegrewtiivd of psttiag, and crjiug "Poor fellow ! " So bis smile by degrees harden'd into a frown. And tils " That'6 n good dog ! " iuto " Down, Sancho 1 down 2 " But nothing could atop his mule fav'rite's caressing, Who, in fact, seemed resolved to prevect his undressing, Using pawe, tail, and head, As if he had said, " Most belovtd of masters, prav, don't go to bed ; You had much better sit up, and pat me in stead I" 1 Nay, at last, when determined to take 6ome J repose, Blogg threw himself down on the outside the | clothes, Spite of all he could do, The Dog jump'd , up ton, And kept him awake with his very cold no&e; ; < Scratching and whirling, Aud moasiug and 1 pining, Till Blogg really believed he must have some design in Thus breaking his rest ; above all, when at length The Dog scratch'd him off from the bed by sheer strength. Extremely annoy'd by the " tarnation whop," ob it | > call'd in Kentuck, on his head and its oppo- j site, ! Blngg showed fight ; When he saw, by the light i Of the flickering caudle, that had not yet j quite Burnt down in the socket, though not over \ bright, UerUiu dark-cobur'd stain f, as of Hood newly j spilt, Reveal'd by the dog's having scrat-ch'd off the : quilt,— _ j Which hinted a story of horror and guilt ! — i 1 'Twab "no mistake," — He was "wide' I awake" In an instant ; for, when only decently drunk, Nothing sobers a man t.o completely hh " funk." ; And lnrk I— what's tliAt ?— They have got into chat In the kitchen below— whit the deuce are they at ? — There's the ugly old Fisherman scolding liis wife — And she— by the Pope ! she's whetting a ' knife! — At each twist Of her wrist, And her great mutton fist, , The edge of the weapon sounds shriller ond j louder I — The fierce kitchen fire Had not made BJogg perspire Half so much, or a dose of the best JAtnea's i powder. — It ceases— all's silent J— and now, I declare There's somebody crawls up that rickety ; etair I The horrid old ruffiau comes, cat-like, creep- . ing He opens the door juet sufficient to peep in, And pee?, as he fauciea, the BagiuAo sleeping 1 For Blogg, when he'd once asccrlain'd that . there was some "Precious mischief" <ra foot, had resolr'd to play " Possum ; " Down be went, legs and bead, Flat on the : bed, ! Apparently sleeping as sound as the dead ; While, though none who look'd at him would think such a thing Every nerve in bis frame was braced up for a j spring. Then, juat aa the villain Crept, stealthily j still, in, a | And you'd not have insur'd his guest's life for j a shilling, 1 As the knife glenm'd on high, bright and sharp ! as n rezor, j Blogg, starting upright, "tipped" the fellow ! " a facer ; " — —Down went man and weapon. — Of all aorta of blows. From what Mr. Jackson report, I suppose There are few that surpass a flush hit on the nose. Now bad I the pen of old 0?sian or Homer, (Though each of these names some1 pronounce a misnomer. And say the first person Was call'd James MThersou, While, as to the second, they stoutly declare He was no ooe knows who, and born no one knows where,) Or bad I the quill of Pierce Egan, a writer Acknowledged the best theoretical fighter For the last twenty yean, By the lively young Peers, Who, doffing their coronets, cellars, and ermines, treat Boxers to "Max," at the One Tun in Jermyn Street; — —I ay, could X borrow these Gentlemen's Muse, More fekill'd than my meek one in u fibbings " and bruises, 1 I'd describe now to you As "prime a Set- . . And " regular t urn -ud" as erer you knew ; Not inferior in " bottom " to aught you have read of Since Cribb, years ago, half knock'd Holy- neut's head off. But my dainty Urania says, "Such things are chocking ! " La 00 mittens She fovea, Detesting "The Gloves j : i And turning, with ah- most disdainfully mock- JP "k-. rom Melpomene' buskin, adopts the fcilk stocking. aa Jar as I oan soe, I must leave you to "fancy " The thumps and the bumps, and the upa and the downs, And the taps, and the elaps, and the raps on the crowns, That pass'd 'twixt the Husband, Wife, Bag man, and Dog, As Blogg rolled over them, and they roll'd over Blogg ; While what's called "The Claret" Flew over the garret ; Merely stating the fact, As each other they wback'd, The Dog Lib old master moat gallantly back'd ; Making both the yarfona, whu came luuuiog iu, sheer off. With " Hippolyte's" thuusb, nud " Al- pbonso's " left eAr off ; Next, making a Etoop on The buffcttiug group on The floor, rent in tatters the old womnu's ;«pon.; Thou the old mftu turn'd up, and a fre6h bitu of Siuicho's Tore out the whole seat of his striped Csli- Really, which way This desperate fray Might have ended at last, I'm not able to say, The dog keeping thus the Assassins at bny ; But a few fresh arrivals decided the day ; Fur bounce went the door, In came half a score Of the passeugere, sailors, and oue or two more Who had aided the party in gaining the shore 2 It's a great mcmy years ago — mine then were few— I Since i spent a short time in the old (.bit- 1 rajiux ; j I tbiok that they say She had been, in her J day. j A First-rate — but was then what they term a Jlasit,— | And (bey took me on board in the Downs, where i-he Jay (Captain Wilkiuson beld the command, by tbe way.) ' In her 1 pick'd up, on that single occasion, | The little I know that concerns Navigation, And obtained, titer alia, aome vague infor mation Of a practice which often, in CAsea of robbing, Was adopted ou shipboard— 1 tbiuk 'twas call'd " cobbing." How 'twas managed exactly I really can't eay, But I think that a Bout-jack was brought into play — That is if I in right : — it exceeds my ability To tell how 'tis done ; But the syetein is one Of which Sancho'a exploit would increase tbe facility, And, frotu nil I could learn, I'd much rather he robb'd Of tbe little I have in my purse, than be "cohb'd That's mere matter of ta&to; : But the Frenchman wag placed — I mean the old scoundrel whose actions we've traced— In aucb a position, that, cn this unmaskiug, His coureut was the last thing the men thought of asking. Tbe old woman, too, Was obliged to go Through, 1 With her boys, the rough discipline used by i tbe crew, I Who, before tbey let one of the eel Bee the > back of iht-m, | " Cobb'd " the whole parly— ay, " every man j Jack of them." j HOHAL. | And now, Gentle Reader, before that I say Farewell (or the present, and wish you good day, Atteud to the moral I draw from my lay ! — tf ever you travel, like Anthony Blogg, Be vrary of strangers ! — don't take too much grog ! And dou't fall asleep, if you should, like a hog ! — Ahove all— carry with you a curly-tail'd Dog I Lastly, don't act like Blogg, who, I eay it with blushing, Sold .Sancho next month for two guineas at Flu&hing; ; But frtill on these words of the Bard keep a fixt eye iscfurt'or si DKcnrs, omnia wxti : \ j V Emoyc, i I felt fo disgusted with Blogg, from ehecr shame of him, 1 never once thought to inquire what became of him ; If you want to know, Reader, the way, I opine. To achieve your design,— Mind, k'e no wish of mine, — If, — (a penny will do't) — by addrewing a line To Turner, Dry, Weipewvde, Rogers, and l\v ue. APPENDIX. Simt penning this stanzi, a le.vrnM Antiquary H«6 put mv poor muse iu no trifling quandary, By wriliug nu essay to prove that he knows a Spot which, in truth, is The real "Ber- inootbcF," In the MediterTflnein,— now called foinpedoea; — Fur proofs, having made, as he farther alleges, stir, Au entry was found iu the old parish ItegiBter, The which at hie iustance the excellout Vicar tracted : viz. " Caliban, base Fon of Sycorax.'' ! — He had rather by llalf Have fuuud j Prospcro's " Staff : " , But 'twas ufcicfs tu dig, for the want of a pick or axe. — j CMonel PaUlry, however, 'tis everywhere saM, ' When he's bluwu up the whole llnyal George I at Spithvud. I And tbe great cliff at Djrcr, of which we've- 1 all read, Takes Lis new apparatus. And goes out to lok ; And see if he can't try and blow up "the Book." 1 — Gcutle Reader, farewell 1— If I add one more j line, | He'll he, in all likelihood, blowing up mine ! 