THE STORY-TELLER. FAITHFUL UNTIL DEATH. CUAPXEB I. It is the year of our Lord 1660. The little Plymouth settlement, made up of unflinching mon and devoted women, has gained a small but 6uro foothold on American soil. Rendered comparatively safe from the cnroachineuts of the Indians ou the one side and tho Dutch and French on tho other by the league offensive and defensivo, which has been formed in 1643 under tho name of the United Colonies of New England, they have set steadily to work to establish cities and a Government for themselves; and after the first few years of deprivation they have succeeded in planting a small mit flourishing colony subject to Charles IL, who has just been restored to the throne of England. Since 1656 the Plymouth settlers have been waging a hot warfare against the Quakers, and with their stern Governor, John Endicott, at their head, have perpe- trated worse and worse cruelties upon them. Perhaps the unprovoked outrages committed against this innocent society culminated in 1659, when tho sentence of death was pronounced against three of their number. The Government in Oetober, 1656, and again in 1657 and 1658, enacted special laws for the suppression of these heretics, and the over-zeaious Puritans were only too eager to enforce them. With'that same spirit of unreason- ing exaction and ruthless oppression which they had condemned in the clergy of the mother country, they visited all sorts of Î'udgments upon the unhappy Friends. Pines were imposed continually, whipping was a common punishment, and several lost an ear as a penalty for nou-couformity to the laws. Let us take a peep at a little Puritan village lying just outside Boston as it basks in the genial sun of an October afternoon. A few houses of board and many of uuhewn logs straggle up a low, gently sloping hill. Here and there a rudely-built chimney testified to the advanced ideas of some farmer ; but most of the community hold tenaciously to an ancient prejuidice against them, affirming that 'smoke improves their health and hardens the timbers of their houses.' Before some of the houses were plats of asters and sunflowers, joyously drinking in the warm sunshine, which had grown mellow and rich like old wine, after tho long, fierce siege ot summer. Clumps of golden-rod dot the undulating meadow lauds and dusty roadsides like tongues of yellow flame. Apple orchards hung with glowing, ripe fruit, now and then break the silence by dropping a plump pippin or russet iuto the grass. Only the men aud oxen, labouring in the distant fields, disturb the hushed tranquility of the scene. All else speaks of placid repose and happiness. On the outskirts of the little settlement, nestling against a grove of pines, stands a log house, unevenly fashioned and rudely finished, the least prétentions in tho neighbourhood. A poor apology for a home would it be, indeed, were it not for the clambering vines which have twined themselves around the unhewn pillars of the porch and cluug and spread themselves abroad over thc roof. The sweet-smelling apple orchard and the well-tended beds of herbs of the sorts in which our great:grandmothcrs delighted, give thc place a home-like aspect, and a ed of nasturtions blaze wit Ii orange and red close to the door. As we look a girl of perhaps twenty emerges fr.nu the door and stands for a moment looking down the road, with her hand shading her eyes. She is dressed with the utmost simplicity, in the garb of the Quakers, but her plain gray gown, destitute of either drapery or adornment, reveals the contour of a slender and graceful figure, while the coarse but snowy 'kerchief crossed over her bosom serves to deepen ' the delicate tint of her lips and cheeks. But it is not these «harms, nor tho soft gray eyes, nor the waving golden hair that makes Deliverance Sothwicke beautiful. Her beauty is rather spiritual. The sweet peace of a pure spirit shines from her eyes, and lights up her features with that holy joy which onchauces their natural beauty. Her face is one which might fit into some rare old painting of the saints, with a martyr's crown resling upon tho brow ; for tho strength and beauty of her character have come through suffering, and hardships and deprivations, and she has come out of the fire like gold tried in th» smelter's furnace, As slio still looks down tho road, a quick carmine flashes into her cheeks, nud she hastily turns about and busies her hands with the clambering vino, plucking the leaves with a tense, nervous grasp which crushes them in lier Angers. She feigns abstraction until a deep, manly voice bids her look around. Ohristoplior Burdon, t ho young Puritan, stands at the steps of the porch waiting for an invitation to cuter. His broad brimmed hat shades a stern, though not unkindly face. The expression which now gives it strength and character might, under favourable conditions, stiffen into austerity. It is the shadow of that obstinate persistence which led Iiis father, forty years before, to embark iu tho Mayflower with that dauntless handful of men who set sail for a laud full of unknown dangers. His wide capo, with its broad, rolling collar, is thrown carelessly over his strong shoulders and hangs nearly'to his knees, relieving tho somewhat ungraceful effect of the loose knee-broaches. His brown stockings aro Ano and well-fitting, and thc buckles lo his shoes are as largo and highly polished as his exacting conscience will permit. . Come in, friend Christopher,' said Deliverance, with a pretty simplicity of manner which accorded charmingly with her plain dress and rustic surroundings. ' Thoo looks tired out.' 'Thauks. Tho coolness of the porch tempts my tired limbs, aud it would please me much to talk with you. Hold, do not trouble to get a chair for me ; this shady step is a luxurious resting-place for a weary man.' He sat down on the step. The girl remained standing, regarding him shyly but wistfully, as he fanned himself absently with his hat and gazed out over the landscape. ' Have thy wrestlings at last con- vinced thee of the error of thy ways, friend Christopher?' she asked at length ; ' And hast thou como to tell me the good news ?' 'No,' said Christopher, wiping his brow with a perplexed and uneasy gesture, ' My heart still clings to the religion of my father, but I yet miss something in it which you seem to possess.' * Ah,' exclaimed Deliverance, eagerly, 'thou hast adopted the letter of the law only, and so hast missed the light which shineth for all men. Hast thou not read in John's Gospel how that light shone iu tho darkness and the darkness comprehended it not ! and how that was the true light that lighteueth every man that cometh into the world P Only let it shine on thy doubt, and thy doubt will vanish.' 'But I cannot believe in a religion which denies the holy symbols and ordinances which God hos enjoined upon us. It is there that I cannot find it in my heart to accept thy views.' ' Nay, thou hast not heard rightly of our doctrines, perchance. We only deny the outward forms which were not necessary after the coming of our Lord. Thou will find our doctrine manifested in the holy word where John the Baptist spake : " I baptize you with water, but there cometh one after mo who shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire." Verily there can be no saying grace in outward ceremonies ; it is the letter which killeth and the spirit which quickeneth.' 'Surely these are knotty questions,' said Christopher, fain to be conviuced by this fair and earnest advocate, but unable I easily to shake himself loose from the creed in which he had boen reared. ' Tho inner grace is fanned«to a flame by means of the outward symbols. We must have something beside an inner passion to live by. What would become of our country and its laws if strong men did not enforce outward as well as inward obedience to them P We need the letter of the law.' ' Toa, friend,' replied Deliverance, her thoughts turned in a now direction ; ' but what dost thou think of a Government that upholds tho selling of innocent children to pay a debt? Surely thee renieinberest little Daniel and Provided Sothwicke, who so narrowly escaped being sold to slavery in Barbadoes last year. Such a Government cannot prosper.' ' It is true,' said Christopher, ' that our Government is earthly and for that reason faulty ; but we must bear ia mind that a Government is for the mass. It may render justice in the aggregate, and yet sometimes trespass cn individual rights. Such failings we must wink at if justice be at the bottom.' * Nay, bat the Lord will not winkst in- justice and cruelty, wherever perpetrated,' persisted Deliverance, her colour deepen- ing with her increasing earnestness, 'Beside, this Government that thee up boldest is inconsistent with itself. Dost thou not remember that clause of the charter in which it is provided that all ia the plantation shall enjoy equal justice and "law? Dost thou think that the Government has regarded the charter when it has persecuted tho saints and, children of the Lord ?' 'The Government quly protects the Lord's foll against the ravenous, wolves that seek todevour it,'replied Christopher. 'Think you that old Dame Joues s malignant toucli and power of bringing down curses on her fellow-meu came from the Lord ? (¿lie was but a handmaid of Satan, and deserved to forfeit her life for blasphemies.' 'Nay,' answered Deliverance, softly; ' she was verily a martyr, and vsras led by the spirit of tho Lord, and so denied the works of tho devil. Should the Lord call rae I would follow ia her footsteps and seal my testimony with my blood. She roso in the rapture ot her enthusiasm and stood looking off at the purple hills which loomed hazy and unsubstantial in tho distance. Her pure, upturned face looked like that of a saint in tho soft shadow of the leafy porch, and ono could almost fancy that a tender aureola lighted up her Kuutiy hoad. Christopher lot his troubled gaxo rest on her almost trans- lated beauty, and unconsciously tho deep Hues of thought which furrowed his ample forehead smoothed themselves out. He rose slowly and stood very close to her, with one hand resting lightly on her sleeve. ' Come, Deliverance,' he said, « be my saint and my life, and reveal tho truth, whatever it may be, through the trans- parency of )'our purity and holinoss.' A look of deep pain swept over the girl's brow. She drew away from him and bogan to pluck at tho vine aimlessly. 'It cannot be, friend Christopher, I have told thee many times that it cannot be. It is not meet that two be yoked un- equally.'1 ' But you surely cannot do such a wrong as to let a fellow-creature fall for lack of sympathy?' he «ried, and there was a great passion in his voice. ' I 6hall go mad if you will not listen to me.' ' Nay, but that is no salvation which comes from a mere frail mortal. That will not save thee-in the last great day. Only take heed to that heavenly light, the Son within thee, and kiss him before his wrath be kindled against thee, for verily the night coinoth when you shall fall to your own master.' The night was darkening down upon them fast. One quivering red beam shot through the thick leaves and rested for a moment on Deliverance's puro face ; then the sun sank, leaving a stretch of golden sky which cast a soft glow over the tops of the hills. The advancing twilight lent force, to the figure that Deliverance had used. Christopher Burden shivered involuntarily, and drew his cape around him ; then with «, hasty farewell he strode off down the darkening road. Deliverance watched him until he had disappeared, and then went slowly in to prepare the simple evening meal of rye pudding and milk for the tired father and brother who had worked all tho day in the fields. She was silent during tea, and supplied tho wants of the hungry men with a preoccupied air. 