The Parnell Commission. London, March 12. It is expected that the case for the 'Times' will be closed before the Parnell Commission to-morrow. The evidence given to-day showed that the Hibernian Bank had received over £800,000 on account of the various league funds, and there was no evidence to show how this sum had been disbursed, but it was clearly shown that certain payments had been made under the direction of Mr. Parnell. Contributions to a large amount had been received from Australia and New Zealand. London, March 13. From further evidence taken before the Parnell Commission it appears that there is a good deal of confusion with regard to the receipts from the league funds, and it is doubtful whether they exceed £450,000. At to-day's sitting of the Parnell Com- mission a witness named George Mulqueeny gave evidence to the effect that the knives with which Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke were murdered in Phoenix Park had previously been exhibited at the office of the Land League in Westminster. The witness also confirmed the statement that a payment of £100 had been nude by Parnell to Frank Byrne. The case for the 'Times' was then closed, and the commission adjourned until the 2nd April. London, March 14. The 'Times' this morning declares that it awaits with perfect confidence the result of the impartial and thorough inquiry that has been held by the commission into the connection between the Parnellite members and crime in Ireland. London, March 13. The Duc D'Aumale, whose exile was re- cently rescinded, returned to Paris yester- day, and was cordially welcomed. He waited upon President Carnot, and thanked him for being allowed to return to France. The Maharajah of Cashmere, who was recently found to be concerned in a plot to poison the British Resident, and offered to abdicate, is believed to be imbecile. An impression prevails in official circles that Prince Bismarck is agreeable to Great Britain becoming the mandatory of the three powers interested in Samoa in their relations with that country. It is announced that Count Berchern will represent Ger- many at the forthcoming conference on the affairs of Samoa. An action was tried to-day in which Robert Dennis sued Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., for £600, for writing his speeches, articles published in the 'National Review,' and letters to the 'Times' and the Postmaster- General, during the year 1885 to 1888, and for preparing the statement made before the Colonial Conference by Mr. Heaton with regard to the postal contracts, and generally acting as his "ghost". The action was settled by Mr. Heaton paying £400 to the plaintiff and £200 costs. London, March 14. The Comptoir d'Escompte de Paris and the Societe des Metaux (the copper syndi- cate) are now recovering from the effects of the late financial panic. The Austrian military authorities have stationed a corps of observation on the Servian frontier, and 20,000 men are ready to march at half-a-day's notice. The Imperial Broken Hill Consuls Com- pany, with it a capital of £350,000, has been registered. President Kruger, of the Transvaal, and President Reitz, of the Orange Free State, have on behalf of their respective States agrees to a defensive alliance and to sup- port each other in the event of any just war. 