Telegraphic Intelligence., LATEST BY CABLE; (From the Melbourne Dailies ) LONDON, Makch 12. The German missionaries who were cap* tured by the Arabs on the East Coast of Africa havji been givtm'up, on payment of the ransom demanded The chief Bushiri, who was *vounded in the recent engagement with the Germans at Bagoraovo, ia retreating. aud is inclined to enter into negotiations with the Germans. In the House of Commons to-day, Lord George Hamilton, the First Lord of the Admiralty, stated that the Government expected to spend £280,000 upon the Aus tralian Auxiliary Squadron thn .year, aud that the remaining amount, £570,0*00, would be spread over the three following years In the House of Commons to«day Sir. James Fergr.sson, the CJnder-vSecretary for Foreign Affaire, in answer • to a questiou, admitted the arrest of the artist Richmond by the Germans at Samoa, hut explained that Prince Bismarck had disavowed the action of the German consut, Herr Knappe, aud had recalled him. The reason assigned for the decision to wind up the Broken-hill Consolidation Silver mining Company is that the company has not sufficient capital to work the mine. The American baseball teams, who recently played a series of matches in Australia, played their opening match in England an the oval to-day. The Prince of Wales was I present. » ' LONDON, March 13. ) The decree ordering the expulsion from | ; France of the Princes of the House of Orleiua having been rescinded, the Due d'Aumale ha* arrived is Paris, where he received a warm welcome from his friends and supporters. has expressed his thanks to President Carnot for the permission which the Government hag given him to return to France. It is believed that Pcrtab Singh, the Maharajah of Cashmere, who attempted to poison the British Resident, XIr. T, J. C. Plowden, is imbecile. . t Madame Melba (Mrs, Armstrong, the well* known Victorian vocalist) has been engaged for the opera season ac Drury Lane Theatre. The Glen and Otto tin mine has been sold for £2<3,UOO, subject to a favourable report by experts, who are to be sent from England to examine the mine. A crowded meeting was held in St. James' hall to-night as h national protest against the Irish policy of the Government, and more especially against the support given to The Times in connection *vitb the Special Com mission. Mr. John morley, Mr. Parnell, ami: and many of the most prominent learders of the Opposition were present. Mr. Morley, who was one of the speakers, announced that it was his intention to submit the conduct of Sir Kichard Webster, the Attorney-General, to the House of Commons on Monday next. An action has been brought by Mr. Robert Dennis against Mr. J. Henniker Heaton, the Conservative member for Canterbury. The plaintiff claimed £500 for services reudered, and he alleged that, acting in the capacity of private secretary to Mr. Hoatou between 1885 and 1888, he had written for him his speeches, certain articles in the National Review, letters published in the Times, and others addressed to the Postmaster-General, aud the statement made by Mr. Heaton before the Colonial Conference held in Londou in 1887. He asserted that lie had in fact throughout been that gentleman's ghost. The ease haB been settled, Mr. Heaton paying £400 to the defendant for his services and the costs of the action, amount ing to £200. An impression provails in official circles that Priuce Bismarck is agreeable to England becoming the mandatory power in Samoa. At the sitting of The yimes-Pumdl Special Commission to-day, a witnesB named George Mulqueny deposed that the knives with which the Phoauix-park murders were comtn tted had been previously exhibited at the offices of the League at Westminster He coulirmed the statement that Mr. Parnell had paid £100 to Frank Byrno. The cause for the Times is now completed, and the commission adjourned untilJApril 2. Messrs. W. O'Brien and Harrington. M P.'s, who were undergoing terms of imprisonment for offences nnder the Crimes Act, have been released in order that they may assist in pre paring the defence, on the understanding that they shall not take part in auy unlawful agitation during the balance of the period covetod by their respective sentences. LONTDON, Mabu 14. The shares in the Comptoir d'Escompte de Paris and the Societe des Metaux are recover ing from a fall caused by their connection with the copper syndicate. The Imperial Broken-hill Cohsols Silver' Mining Company, with a capital of £350,000, has been registered. Count Bercliem has been appointed to re present Germany at the Samoan Conference Co be held at Berlin. The 'limes declares that it awaits with perfect confidence the result of the impartial and thorough inquiry into Parnellism which has taken place before the special commis sion. At a public meeting held in London last night to protest agaiust the treatment of Irish political prisoners, a message was received from Mr. Gladstone, declaring that he would endeavour unflinchingly to probe to the bottom the connection which existed be tween the Government and the Times-Parnell Special Commission. In the House of Commons last night, a bill brought in hy the 1'nrnellites, the object of which was to mitigate the treatment of Irish political prisoners, wasrejeotid by a majority of 66 votes. In consequence of the unsettled position of affairs in Servia, ciused hy the abdication of King Mi'an and the appointment of a regency, which includes M. Ristics, the leader of the Rusaophil party, Austria has stationed a corps of observation on the Servian frontier. Arrangements have been completed by which 20,000 men will be ready to advance into Servia at half a day's notice, Mr. George shaw-Lefevre has giton notioe in the Houbb of Commons of his intention to ask Mr. W. H. Smith, the First Lord of the Treasury whether the refusal of Queensland to contribute to the expenso of the Australian Auxiliary Squadron reloases the other oolonies from their obligations to contribute, and also whether England will bear Queensland's share of the expenso. The Prince of Wales was last night enter tained at a dinner by the Royal Colonial Institute. Three huudred members of the Institute were present, as well as the follow ing guests The Duke of Cambridge, the Earl of Carnarvon, Lord Knutsford (the Secretary of State for the Colonies), Lord Cliarl«s Beresford, the Right Hon. E. Stan hope (Secretary of State for War), Viscount Cross (Secretary of Stato for India), Baron de Worms (Under-Secrotary for the Colonies), aud the colonial Ageuts-General. Sir Arthur Blytb, tbe Agent- General for South Australia, proposed the health of the guest of the evening, the Prince of Wales, He thanked the Duke of Cambridge for the valuable assistance he had rendered to the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition in 1887 His Royal Highness, in responding, said he greatly regretted that want of time and op portunity had prevented him from visiting Australia. He felt the deepest interest in the welfare of the colonies, and considered that it was the duty of every English states man to visit them. The Prince then pro posed the toast of " The Army and Navy," and in doing so said that he recognised the efforts the colonies had made not only to protect themselves, but to a69ist the empire. He specially referred in eulogistic terms to the offer made by South Australia to send troops to the assistance of England in tho Transvaal, and to the despatch by New South Wales of a contingent to the Soudan. He spoke highly of Sir Graham Berry, whom he declared to be an able and distinguished statesman. Duke of Cam bridge and Lord Charles Beresford responded on behalf of the army and navy respectively. His Royal Highness proposed the toast " Pros perity to tho Royal Colonial Institute." He said he believed that the institute had greatly assisted in bringing about an improved state of feeling between the colonies and the mother country. While he expressed a hope that the Royal Colonial Institute would coalesce with tho Imperial Institute, he disclaimed any desire on the part of the latter body to absorb tho former. The Earl of Carnarvon, who proposed tho toast of " The United Empire," declared that no one desired to precipitate a closer union than that now existing between the colonies pnd the mother country, or to in any way curtail the autonomy at present enjoyed by tlwcolonies. Lord Knutsford, in responding, said he was conviuced that a great denl more than mere sentiment binds together the colonies and 1 England. 