' SOiE MO FfliESio ;;' ieeland. a fight for humanity and free SPEECH. * DESPERATE SCENES OF POLICE VIOLENCE. ??? ' -WILLIAM O'BRIEN AGAIN ARRESTED. A glorious week of Balfourism (says United Teeland, July 6, was the one just over. It caps the record beyond all doubt. The net results ore— one member of Parliament with head split open, another arrested, two men shot, and about forty persons more or less seriously beaten and bruised. This is the outcome of the meeting at Cork, which the Government, no sready to permit free speech on all lawful occa sions, thought fit to suppress with horse, foot, and artillery. The great plain of the Cork Park, where it waa intended to hold the meeting in support of the Ponsonby estate, was from aa early hour accupied by a force big enough to conquer a province, and squads of police guarded every approach to the place. The people of the Southern Copital met under the auspices of his Grace the Archbishop of Thurles to protest against the wanton extermi nation of four hundred families of Southern tenants by Mr. Smith-Barry and a confederation of eviotors, and to organize a counter confede ration for their protection. The Government that dared offer violence to such a meeting in England would not last one hour. Here in Ireland, where ' speech is free,' the Govern ment promptly proclaimed the meeting and marched the army en the peaceful eify. Free speech was forbidden under pain of instant death. Don't-hesitate-to-shoot Plunkett was deputed to see the brutal orders of a brutal Government carried into effect. Baton, bayonet, and rifls were made ready to otifle the people's protest in blood. All the elaborate precautions failed as usual. What had so often happened before happened again in this case. Seven distinct meetings were held iu and around Cork, and a vast one in Clonakilty, in the heart of the Ponsonby pro perty. Here Mr. William O'Brien, aided by the Eev. Canon Keller and a host of other trusted men, clerical and lay, gave voice to the indignation of the country over the iniquity sought to be perpetrated by Smith-Berry and his syndicate. The spirit of this groat meeting must bring hope and encouragement to the hearts of the tenants who are making so manful a stand. Mr. Edmund Leamy, Mr. Maurice Healy. Mr. Lane, Mr. Flynn, Mr. Gilhooly, and Mr. O'Hea also represented the Parliamentary Party at various other meetings, held at Carrig xohane, Montenotte, Riverstown, in the Cork Chamber of Commerce, the Mechanics' Hall, and other buildings. When Mr. Who, O'Byieu return ad from Clonakilty iu the evening ho found tho railway platform iu po3aoooion of a band of aimed policemen, who immediately our rounded his carnage -and arreotod him. The ' arrest waa accompanied by a ferocious onaliiut;hfc on all the people present on the piatform. Mr. P. O'Brien, MM?., endeavoured to make hia way towards the prioooer, but waa felled to the ground by 0 blow from a policeman's riflo, and waa borao bleeding and unconscious to tho Vic toria Hotel. Two other men, named Ahern and Fennoli, were carried off to the infirmary suffer ing from Boriouo injuries. About forty persons were more or less seriously hurt by tho weapons of Balfour's mercenaries. Mr. O'Bfien wan hur ried off! to Clonmei Gaol. Ed route, a large crowd assembled at Cbarleville, and on their making a rush for the carnage the police escort fired a volley. These are a few of the results of this splendid week of Balfourism in Ire land. From end to end, tho chain of events con nected with the avrest of Mr. O'Brien formed a chapter of illegal violence without a parallel even in tho dark records of the Irish police force. Without a moment's warning, or a ghost of pi;.- 0 ration, the body sent to effect the arrest si t upuu the people upon the Cork and Baudon Railway platform, passengers or otherwise, and bludgeoned them frightfully. Whether they were clerics or laymen, gentle or simple, did not matter. Several clergymen were travelling up to Coik on religious business, and these fell in for a full share of the brutality, some being shuck and others being pushed violently about. Father Brady, of DanmBnwoy, got a oty-Jie from a baton ; Father Forrest, of Goleen, was flung off the platform by s, policeman ; ho fell on the railway track beside the carriages, and his escape from injury waa almost miraculous. Mr. Mangerton Aruotfc, who was quietly retain ing from a fishing excursion, was so ill-freated that ho was confioed to his house for some days afterwords. All the priests who were present afc this scene oi savagery are unanimous in de claring that there was not a shadow of a pf etsnee for the attack of the police. Similarly, at Mallow, the police, having got their cue evi dently, displayed on indiscriminate fury towards the people assembled at the station. Even a Ibov was assaulted by some of the unmanly crew. Miss Lombard, daughter of Mr. Lom bard, T.C., who merely wished to present a bouquet to Mr, O'Brien, was pushed violently back. POLICE VENGEANCE. A scene that occurred at Patrick-street about nine o'clock ohowed the frame of mind in which the authorities approached their work. Sud denly a force of police took up a position on the lower side of the bridge right across the street. This attracted a crowd, and references more or less complimentary to the vigilance and valour of the constabulary were indulged in by a por tion of the assemblage. Things, it was evident, were fast becoming critical. At this time Rev, Canon Lyons was passing, and seeing the threatening aspect of affairs he approached the head-constable, and remarked that the presence of the police was the cause of any disturbances that might ensue. If the head- constable would withdraw the police he undertook that he would induce the people to go to their homes peace aoiy. xois request sne ueua-uunaiuuie uuuuieu. Canon Lyons then demanded the name of his superior officer, thinking that he might be more amenable to reason. This also the head constable refused to give. At this moment Mr. Gardner and a force of about fifteen policemen with rifles, and twenty with batons, were seen coming down the bridge. They marched quickly past Canon Lyons, and immediately that they had passed him they drew across the whoie breadth of the street, and a scene of the most ferooious and indiscriminate batoning took place. Neither man nor woman was spared in this terrible onslaught. One man was quietly smoking his pipe at the corner of (ho bridge when a policeman approaohed him and gave him a cruel blow, which caused a terrible scolp wound. Another man was not able to go quick enough, and fell. When he was rising he woa set upon by three policemen, and most unmerci fully beaten. The people were by this time firing in all directions. But now it was sud denly discovered that another force of police was stationed in a sort of ambuah in St. Patrick's Hill. The fright which prevailed among the women when they discovered that they were hemmed in between two bodies of batonmen was something terrible. Foe fully an hour the police kept charging up and down all the streets converging upon the bridge. Several people bad to go to the infirmary to get their wounds treated, EETAWATION. About oix o'clock in the evening the police arrested two men who were cheering in the middle of Patrick-street for William O'Brien and the Plan of Campaign. There were large numbers of people in the street at the time, and the manner in which the escort treated their prisoners drew forth expressions of indignation from the spectators. One of the policemen turned around and struck one of the people with his baton. About a dozen men followed the escort to Lavitt's-quay (through which they were taking the prisoners), and a rescue w&s; effected near the Theatre. The police were stoned, and several o£ them wore severely Tyounded. One of them — the constable who hi-,d struck a spectator— was knocked down by a blow of a blackthorn, and received a serious wound. THE -WOUNDED, Twenty-eight cases were treated at the Worth and South Infirmaries up to eleven o'clock. Ten wore treated at the South Infirmary, the moot serious being the cases of John Fennell and a man named Stack, the latter being retained in the hospital. Eighteen were treated at the Worth Infirmary. Nearly all tho wounds were on the head, and some showing that tbsy were inflicted by heavier instruments than batono. TIIE ARREST OF MR. W. O'BRIEN. A few minufceo before the Western train ar L'ived at tho terminus of the Cork and Bandon Railway, after tho Clonobilty mooting, a largo force of policemen, armed with bntona and riflea, & half troop of huasare, and a number o£ mounted policemen moved towards the station undo? tha direction of Captain Plunketfc, who remained in the street, Twenty policemen oearing rifles took up a position on the railway plofcfoi'm and vrere reinforced by a further detachment of their comrades bearing batons ready for action. All were under the command of District Inspec tor Concannon. There was a largo attendance of people, anxious to get a glimpse of Mr, O'Brien on his return after hia day's labours in Clona kilty. Immediately the train steamed in, a hearty cheer went up from hundreds of en thusiastic throats when Mr. O'Brien, attirod in a light; suit, waa espied sitting in the corner of a first-class carriage. His arrival on the plat form was the signal to the police to close around the hon. member, arid Mr. Concannon, drawing his sword, stepped forward and accosting Mr. O'Brien said, ' I have to arresfc yoa on a war rant I have in my possession.' Mr. O'Brien merely replied, ' All right 1 am quite seedy to go with you.' SHOCKING SAVAGERY. Even before the atote of affairs became known to those in Mr. O'Brien's immediate vicinity the police, without any apparent order being given, or any cause -to provoke the attack, suddenly turned to the people, who were at their mercy in the enclosed space, and batoned and clubbed indiscriminately everyone within reach. Amongst those* on the platform to meet Mr. O'Brien was his Parliamentary colleague, Mr. P. O'Brien, who was treated in the most wanton and cowardly manner. Taken unawares, as in fact had been everyone else, Ms. P. O'Brien, who was within a few feet of the hon. member for North-East Cork, was felled to the ground by the strobe of a clubbed rifle, followed up by another fierce blow froas a batonman. The hon. gentleman received both strokes on the head and in a sow moments had to be borne away unconscious and bleeding profusely. A young man named Ahern, one of the Mayor's sergeants, was also savagely dealt wi'h. Another man named Fennoli was also roughly used in endeavouring to assist Ahorn, who subsequently was removed to the South Infirmary, While these incidents of coercion savagery were being enacted, Mr. Wm. O'Brien had been surrounded by his captors, and borne almost forcibly out of the station. With that characteristic chivalry which is peculiarly his own, the hon. member turned round to the district-inspector at his side and remarked, ' There is no necessity for ill treating the people in this manner. Several of them are merely passengers. You can obviate this by putting me on the ear.' ' Yon must walk to Union-quay,' answered tbe courteous Concannon, who appeared to be labouring under intense excitement. ' Certainly,' rejoined. Mr. O'Briea, ' I'll go anywhero you want me ; I think there is no necessity for this man at my left to twist say asm.' SEIZURE AND ASSATTLT. Mr. O'Brien was taken to Union Quay, our rounded by a force of forty policemen. Mr. John O'Mahony, of the Heuald staff, who had managed to keep elose to Mr. O'Brien from the moment he stepped out of the carriage, walked with him to the police station. At Mr, O'Brien's request, Mr. O'Mabony was Gntrosted with the care of the hon. gentleman's hand-bag. At the police station, without any premonition what ever, or any demand except an indefinite order from Inspector OoncannoD, to 'seize those documents,' our representative waa rushed upon, the bag snatched from hia grasp, and he himself struck twice or three times with a baton. CONDITION OP MR. P. O'BRIEN. De. Stephen O'Sullivan and Dr. Thomaa Riordan attended Mr. P. O'Bfien in the hotel, where he was at once put to bed. On examina tion it was found that, though the hon. gentle man had no fracture of the skull, he was suffer ing from two contused wounds on the left side of the head, and another of a similar kind on the poll. The bone waa denuded in front, bat not in the back. He was very faint ond weak from hemorrhage, and had q weak pulse, and is partly unconscious, A HURRIED DISPATCH. Mr. O'Brien was followed to tbe to macks by Mr. Lane, M.P., and Mr. Healy, M.P., with a view to seeing him and bailing him out, if possible. After some delay Mr. O'Brien was permitted to interchange a few words with Messrs. L*ne and Healy. Mr. O'Brien was then hurried on a long police car, surrounded by hussars, who had come up from the Park for tbe purpose, and driven hurriedly away at five minutes to ten. to the Great Southern and Western Railway Terminus. As he was driven away he was heard protesting against 'this lettre de cachet proceeding.' MORE BLUDGEONING. The police and their prisoner did not roach the Great Southern and Weotern Railway terminus till a few minutea after the time fixed for the departure of the night mail, but thedoir being half opened, the whole force of batonmen and riflemen rushed in pell mell. It would ap* pear that the authorised hod made arrangements to have a special brake van ^ith three third olass comportments for Mr, O'Brien, and juat at six minutes after ten-Corry, the detective, rushed to the booking office to have the train de layed. This was done, but whan Me. O'Brien declined to enter the carriage he was accommo dated with a first-class compartment. A number of people on the platform who cheered the hon. member wore batoned. This intimidation, how ever, did not prevent them from giving three times three for the distinguished prisoner gs the train steamed away. SCENE AT MALLOW. The avreat of William O'Brien cau9ed the mo9t intense excitement and indignation in Mallow. Tho people tuvned out in thousands to meefc the mail ti'ain, accompanied by the Mallow brass band. On its arrival the people made 0 frantic effort to take Mr. O'Brieo froste hia escort, breaking the windowo in their afc» foEjpfc. The police cached from tho earaing© and violently batoned tho pooplo, who, becoming osaoperotod, mode more frantic effosta to get at the carriage. The police fixed bayonets and ?: were about to charge tho people when Fotheu Barry threv? himself before tho polieo and iin^ ?: plored them not to bayonet the people. He collared a policeman who waa Bnmejcifully batoning an aged man, and forced him book- 16 took his utmost oxertions to prevent the police ft'om committing bloodohed. He could only .;' allay the excitement by telling fcho people ho would shake the hand of William O'Brien foe every man in Mallow. As the train ateamed off the wildest cheers went up from the people, and at Father Barry's request they returned home : peacefully. Several persona received baton / wound?, and tho band instruments were broken. The Town Ucmmissionera summoasd a Imrasfl meeting, and pnssed resolutions protesting against Mr. O'Brien's arrest and denouncing the Government. THE PEOPLE IIRED ON AT CBAELEVILLE. ?'? On the arrival of William O'Brien at ChQrle= ville station there was a fivmendoun crowd with a band playing 'God Save Ireland.' The people went wild with excitement, and wanted to get Mr. O'Brien out of the train. The police fired out of the train at the people. Two men were wounded. One of them was a railway official. The people showed ouch determination that they dared the police to come out and fighfi them. Mr. O'Brien, in a letter fo the Dublin Fbee man on the Charleville outrage, says : — 'I cannot believe it possible that even the j moat abandoned person will persist in the otory : that our carriage waa fired at in Charleville. Nobody attempted to assert that more, tham :: three shots were fired, and these were admit' ; tedly fired by DistrieUTngpecfcoi' Coocannon, Sergeant Doyle, and another sergeant whom I can identify. The breaking of cne pane of |, gloss, after tho ticket collector had been forcibly v flung out of the carriage by Mr. Concannon, was the onlv damage of any port or kind done by the group of people who were fired on. I£ even a stone had been thrown I would have been the first person struck, as the sergeant, i who was sitting between me and the crowd, leffc hig place and stood up behind me and fired his revolver from behind my ear. Nobody in tho carriage was hurt. Nobody was in the smallest danger. Two of the shots were fired without :? orders. The district-inspector admitted that he was under the impression that only one police^ n-an hsd fired besides himself. Under these circumstances, the revolting cruelty and diare gard of human life shown by the firing.!pp.rty exceeded even the guilt of the MitcKolfltown murderers. One really sickens to think of such a crime being, even in the fury of political partisanship, defended by statesmen. Undpv what possible circnmstsr.ces need an Iri h '?' policeman hesitate to shoot, if those who fir^d on Sunday night are sheltered from justice?' 