POLITICAL JJHD SOCIAL LETTER. [WHITTEN/FOB THE"'1 EXAMINES."J TEE National Club is now fairly established. The "Committee-have secured capital premises in the neighbourhood of the Australian Club, and these are now being fitted np. : - The. building should be ready for occupation intwo or three weeks. Con- nected with the Club there is a political committee. Its members include a number <rf»*he leading Protectionisteinrboth Houses of Parliament. The chairman is the *Hon. W. "MACLEAY, one of the most, devoted and intelligent Protectionists in Australia. The intention is that this Committee should be the central controlling power in the Pro- tectionist host, and it'purposes inviting the hearty co-operation of all the Protectionist organisations in the country. In connection with the elections it will seek advice from all the local unions con- cerning the candidates that should be run, and by this means it is hoped so to consolidate the Pro- tectionist forces, that any person who refuses to submit to discipline will not have the ghost of a chance of being elected if he should offer his ser vices to a constituency, contrary to the wishes of the National Party. I am inclined to think that the Club, whether regarded in its political or social aspect, will become one of the most flourishing in the country. . -, , j THIS EVENING Mr. THOMAS WALKES, M.L.A., is going to discourse in the Temperance Hall on ttíe subject of " Sir HENEY PABKES and himself." He promises to give, some "strange disclosures." What they will be some of ns can easily predict. Perhaps he will narrate the story of the Premier's wooing. There can be no question, that Sir Henry Parkes, by his vindictive conduct towards Walker, aa exemplified in his sending to Canada for the particulars of the incident which led a coroner's jury to return an absurd verdict of murder against Walker, laid himself open to attack from the member for Northumberland ; bnt whether Walker should go into Parkes' matrimonial matters in a public ball instead of.on the floor of the Assembly, is a very doubtful question. What Walker's game is I do not know, but I am pretty confident that . there is something more than the désire for revenge at the bottom of it. It may be that his object is to enable jun to' re- establish his Sunday lecture ' ship. If tiat' be the'case,'I think the effort will : faU, for Walker, as a'lecturer, is played out. Even the majority of tFe~ Secularists "haVe ceased ta . believe in Trini." ''V^kÔ. were wise he would clear out of this country, and seek to make a reputation in fresh fields andJpailnteB'aiew.". THAT portion of the public who love sensation have experienced á keen disappointment. In the latter half of last year the Freeman's Journal pub- lished a stinging article against the Evening News. It declared amongst other things, that the paper was one that could not be taken into a respectable person's household. Immediately the proprietors of the News issued a writ for libel against the 'Freeman. ' The" owners bf the latter accepted ser- vice, and resolved to fight ont the matter to the bitter end. The lawyers set to work, and compiled a large number of paragraphs from the files of the Evening Nervs, and it was expected that many, ii not all of these, would be read at the trial. They were, therefore, expecting more than an ordinarj treat. It may be, that the Evening News foll thought that the dish that had been prepared would prove a little too strong even for the vitiated taste of the Sydney people ; at any rate, the] settled the dispute out of court, and the couse quence is that there will be no trial. It will bi remembered that some time ago the Beening New, entered an action against the Bulletin, because ol an attack similar to that made by the Freeman', Journal, but the Bulletin backed down,' and wroti an apology, which was inserted in a number oi country papers, as well as in most of those pub lished in Sydney. Ix yesterday's papers I noticed an advertisement in which the manager of tbe Australian, Star offers for sale the whole of the printing plant of the paper, in consequence of the speedy arrival of new and more perfect machinery. This indicates pro- gress. Another sign of progress is that the Star management have leased premises in Pitt-street, near to King-street, for offices, and they expect to have the offices fit for occupation in a few weeks. Speaking to Mr. TEKBY, the manager, the other day, he told me that the circulation of the paper is increasing at a wonderful rate, and that the general progress of the paper is unprecedented in the history of Australian journalism. This is good news, for the Star is the only daily paper in Sydney that advocates Protection, and the fact shows that the Protectionists are standing by their journal. THE Buccess of the Star has caused a movement in favour of the establishment of a morning Protec- tionist paper. I am informed that for this pur- pose £100,000 could easily be obtained. It is said, indeed, that three gentlemen in the city have expressed their willingness to contribute £60,000 between them. If all this be true, it will not be long before a morning paper in the Protectionist interest is published in the metropolis. And if one should be, with a sufficient capital at its back, the Daily Tele graph will receive a severe shaking. Some people have expressed the opinion that that journal will go over to the Protectionist side, and thus prevent the movement which I have indicated. Bnt I do not agree with them, for whilst several of the proprietors are Protectionists, the majority are Free-traders, and so also are the Editor and his assistant, and they have so committed the paper to Free-trade that nolens volens, it must now stick to that policy. . 11 MENTIONED some : time ago that the Telegraph had lost the services of Mr. THOMAS COURTESY, who had been one of its principal leader writers for several years. Ever since, the management have been trying to get a suitable man in his place, but so far they have not succeeded. They provisionally engaged a gentleman who came from England with very high testimonials from Mr. JOHN MORLEY, M.P., one of the first journalists in the world, but they soon got rid of-him. Good journal- ists are scarce in Sydney, and, the Telegraph may have to wait a long time before'Sc lights on a man who is capable of doing their work: The scarcity may be due to the fact that leader^rrriters are not particularly well paid in Sydnej- I have been told that the salary which the Telegraph management are prepared to give for the writer they want in the place of Mr. Courteny, is £9 a week. To be a leader writer on a metropolitan journal, a man needs to have a great deal of knowledge, especially of politics, and large experience ; and all this is supposed to be worth only £9 a week. The leader writers on the principal London papers receive about three times £9 a week, whilst the cost of living in that city is somewhat less than it is in Sydney. SYDNEY, SATURDAY EVENING. 