TUESDAY, MAY 7, 1889. THE gayest city In the world must have been in one of its gayest moods yesterday, when President Carnot opened the Paris Exhibi- tion, which commemorates the centenary of the French Revolution. On the 5th of May, 1789, the States-General assembled. Six weeks afterwards the tiers-etat consti tuted themselves the National Ajssembly, and within another month the Revolution commenced by the storming and destruc tion of the Bastille. Daring the centary that has elapsed since that fateful time the proud city on the banks of the Seine has witnessed a succession of violent changes and passed through a aeries of marvellous vicissitudes. Much of Its history Is written in blood and Illuminated by name. Its streets have been turned Into fortresses by barricades and swept clear by grape-shot. Its public build ings and monuments have at one time been the pride and glory of the nation, and at another have been sacked, over thrown, and burnt with every mark of ecom and derision. At one time Paris claimed to be the metropolis of Europe, and at others has lain bleeding and prostrate at the feet of Its conquerors. Within the century it has witnessed the downfall and restoration followed by ye another expulsion of the Bourbon dynasty, the establishment and overthrow of the first and second Empire, and a first, second, and third Republic. Its people have greeted with enthusiastic acclama tions a succession of crowned rulers, every one of whom, strange to aay, was com* pelled to abdicate. In the zenith of its splendor when Napoleon L held a bril liant court at the Tulleries, subject princes thronged its palaces, which were afterwards desecrated by the feet of in vaders, and the hopes of Bonapartists were extinguished by the assegai of a naked savage. Parfa has ra velled In an Intoxicating sense of gratified ambition, and cowered within a girdle of fire when at the brink of starvation. Though it has suffered terribly at the hands of foreign enemies its wot at foes have been produced within its own environs. The Reign of Terror was more humiliating than the retreat from Moscow, and bloodier than Waterloo. The revolution of 1848 ooit In properly 30,000,000 francs and 16,000 Urea. Nearly a fourth of the clfey was destroyed by the Insurgents In 1871, when the destruction of property was estimated at £32,000,000, and as the result of aeven days'street fighting 60,000 persons were killed. At one time the scene |of voluptuousness and luxury carried to a pitch undreamed of elsewhere, and at another reeking with carnage, resounding with the .hollow roar of tumbrils orowded with victims of popular fury on their way to tiie guillotine, or Its skies lurid with file flames of burning buildings Into which petroleum was pumped by frenzied men and women blind and drunk with mere ferocity—surely no city In the world has witnessed such and so many wild alterna> ttons. The recuperative power of the French people as shown In the history of their capital is wonderful. Though lacerated by Internal dissension, and temporarily crushed by external disasters, It has emerged from Its troubles as gay and as brilliant as ever. Notwithstanding that repeated alterations In the nomenclature of its thoroughfares indicate tremendous political changes, that memorials of victory proudly inaugurated at one time have been shattered with the utmost contumely at another, that the Arc de Triomphe which records military glory once echoed the shouts of triumphant hereditary foes, Paris has risen in beauty and splendour generation after generation. Under Napoleon IIL It was enriched and adorned by magnMcent architectural Improvements, and though Imperialism has once again been swept aside, It retains Its grandeur and pre-eminence as the show city of the world. The ceremonial of yesterday did not pretend to rival the pageantry displayed on former occasions when Paris has laid itself out for display, but never* theless the event could nob fail to be ex ceedingly attractive. Its commemorative character will not receive very great prominence. The sombre background of the revolution is not pleasant to dwell upon, though any one at all familiar with history must admit that out of it has emerged a freer, happier, and stronger nation than that of a hundred years ago, when between the crushed and starving proletariat and the vicious, corrupt, and tyrannical aristocracy there stretched an unfathomable gulf. Even in the Chamber of Deputies during a recent discussion on the monument that it is proposed to erect on the site of the Tullerles at a cost of two million franca it was boldly stated that the revolution was still un finished and thus far a failure. While there Is a strong party in favor of a return to the monarchical system of government, and Boolangism la capable of producing such effects as those recently witnessed the truth of this con tention cannot be denied. What future developments may take place cannot be j predicted with the slightest approach to certainty, but he would be a bold prophet who declared the Republic to be a final and satisfactory experiment, destined to have a permanent existence. The exhibition, however, will not depend for its success on either historical or political considerations. It Is grander hi design than any of its predecessors, j and Parisians are hoping that it will exceed them all in attractiveness. It la the fourth of a series which are sure to ba put In comparison. The first was opened In 1855, when Queen Victoria and Prince Albert visited Paris, which was the first visit of an English sovereign for more than four centuries. Twelve years afterwards the immense edifice on the Champ de Mars, enclosing 35 acres In concentric rings, was opened by the Emperor and Empress, and visited by a galaxy of potentates, Including the Czar of Russia, Sultan of Turkey, Emperor of Austria, and Khedive of Egypt. Oa May Ist, 1878, a still vaster building was opened by Marshal MacMahon, as Presi dent of the Republic, its chief architec tural-feature being the Trocadero Palace —a stone structure, with a rotunda sap ported by columns, crowned by a dome and flanked by two lofty towers. The edifice to be opened to-day hi vastness of proportions and boldness of design trans cends anything ever attempted previously on this planet. Its roofs cover the largest enclosed space in the world, and the Eiffel tower dwarfs the loftiest tower, spire, or pinnacle ever erected by man. Its highest platform Is to be reached by a suc cession of lifts hi cars which will convey 100 persons at once hi perpendicular flights of nearly 500 feet between each stage. From this aerial balcony there will be an unintermpted view over a radius of 60 miles. From the lofty summit rising still higher will at night blaze the electric light like a minia ture sun. It Is noteworthy hi the evolu tion of these great world- gatherings how such side-shows are monopolising the chief share of attractiveness. The de parture from the original Idea of an indus trial exhibition has been very great.' The comparison of diversified products and manufactures, the elements of instruction and healthful rivalry, the facilitating of interchange, and the cultivation of peace ful intercourse are relegated to a subordi nate position. They are still there, per haps, but Prince Albert's dream of uni versal brotherhood remains a vision still, only more indistinct and visionary than ever. As a fete, a carnival, a holiday time hi the brightest and most pleasure loving city of Europe the Paris Exhibition may be a success, but it does not testify the finality of the revolution It celebrates, or the permanence of the Republic, and has no political significance whatever. It 1b stated that a syndicate, consisting of the leading papermakera In lSnglnnfl, has been formed with a capital of £2,000,000. A movement In this direction has been going on for a considerable time past, and the formation of this, as well as of several other English " trusts " or syndicates, has been delayed by the collapse of the great Paris copper venture. "Tnurta" and "corners" are both of them American inventions, and In that country of vast distances, vastprodnctlon, and vast specu lation, they have proved so remunerative to the big men who control them that it Is not surprising to find the example copied In Europe. The pros and cons of these vast agglomerations of plant and capital are now being warmly discussed in England, where a section of the public and the press fs hostile to trusts and syndicates on the ground that they Interfere with indi vidual enterprise, tend to create monopo lies, destroy competition—that " soul of trade," and drive out the small capitalists, to whose energy and skill the greatness of England is in no small degree owing. Fifty years ago " forestalling" and " re grating" were penal offences la England, and In France there b atHl a section of the criminal code which forbids (hem and under which proceedings have been com menced against the promoters of the Goppec Syndicate. The lesson which speculative capitalists will learn from the collapse of this venture will probably be each as to discourage future attempts to monopolise any produot the total out put of which is so great and so scattered over the earth's surface as copper. It Is worthy of remark that the Americans, the initiators of trusts, and themselves pos sessing a large number of copper mines, have not sought to corner this Industry. Bather do we find them taking up a pro duct such as petroleum, whose chief source was until recently to be found within their own borders. The Standard Oil Company, which monopolises the petroleum trade of the United States, Is probably the most powerful combination of private individuals ever effected, It has a practically unlimited amount of capital at its disposal, and Its power Is no great and so carefully conserved that the discoverer of a new oil well has very small chance of success unless he allies himself with the company and works his enter prise under its auspices. Those who approve of trusts point to the Standard Oil Company as an example of their good effect. It is Bald that by conducting operations on an immense scale, and by their system of conveying the oil from the wella to the ports through hundreds of miles of pipe-lines, they have been enabled to lower tibe price of their commodity In a, may whioh has benefited consumers all over the worid. It Is quite true that the price of erode petroleum has fallen very much during the company's operations, but It is an open question how much of this result Is due to the spon taneous action of the trust, and how much to the competition of other producers, and especially to the discovery of apparently exhaustles? supplies of mineral oil in Russian terri tory on the shores of the Caspian. It Is certain, however, that the Standard Oil Company makes enormous profits In spite of reduced prices, and Is reported to be the richest trading corporation in the world. Its Bucces?fal example haa brought into existence a host of other trusts in America, monopolising to a greater or less extent all kinds of products, among them being salt, sugar, cotton-seed, glass, milk, oil-cloth, sand stone, asd coal tar. The Michigan Salt Association haa been In existence for 20 yean, each affiliated manufacturer selling his salt to the union, which then re-Bells through its agents in ail parts of the country, and periodically divides the profits among its members. There is a heavy fine for selling to any outsider. Salt has also been " cornered " in England during the past jeer. The seat of production la princi pally In Cheshire, where it is found In the form of rock-salt and brlnewells. Com* petition among many email manu racturers had brought the industry below the paying level, and the Idea of a salt trust was eagerly taken np. A company was regis tered on the joint-stock basis, with a capital of some £3,000,000, each manufac turer selling his plant to the company and taking payment partly In shares and partly in cash. The result Is that the price of common salt has advanced from balf-a-crown to 9a. per ton, and as the company has succeeded in establishing a virtual monopoly in Great Britain the only restraining influence on the price which may be demanded Is the considera tion of the supplies of this necessary of life which may be obtained from foreign countries or from the sea Itself. This is in fact the only protection which the consumer at present possesses—the ptudent fear on the part of the trust of inviting competition from other com binations of capitalists by raising the price of the aiticle beyond a certain level. A syndicate which Is too greedy over reaches itself and falls. This Is said to have been one of the causes of the collapse of the Copper Syndicate. Probably, how ever, it would in any case have found the fight against the laws of Bupply and demand an Impossible one to maintain for any great length of tune. After the work of ** cornering" the market besan the visible supply of copper rose from about 45,000 tons to 118,000 tons, due almost equally to increased supplies and reduced consumption, while the syndicate itself Is believed to have held no less than 130,000 tons of the copper. The defenders of the trust system contend that It Is merely an extensive and legitimate application of the Joint Stock Limited Liability system. But. how far is this to extend ? If inter nationalsyndicateeare formed for " corner ing" certain products it is plain that the private individual will either have to pay the prlce~the syndicates ask or cease to use the article monopolised, which may be a necessary of life. It Is to be hoped, and it appears probable, that entirely unanimous action on the part of aty whole body of producers will not be found possible, and that at any rate there will remain the competi tion of ttust against trust to maintain prices at a reasonable leveL A coal union has been proposed in England, which is to confer wonderful benefits alike on capitalists, colliers, and con sumers, but so far the scheme has met with more ridicule than support. The match union which was eagerly ad vocated In the Interests of manufacturers some time* ago Is said also to have fallen through. It was to have embraced Eng lish, Dutch, Belgian, German, Norwegian, and Swedish manufacturers of one of the most useful articles of modern life. The Interests of many Continental makers were found to run counter to the proposed syndicate, and a satisfactory agreement could not be reached, while the fall of the Copper Syndicate came down upon the negotiations and extin guished them, at least for a time. The experience of the next few years will probably decide how far the tru?t system is to extend, and whether it can be carried on without arou?ing such an amount of public disapproval as will result In the compulsory curtailment of Its operations. Lady Robinson is a passenger by the in coming mail steamer. The Conservator of Forests intends to pro ceed to the northern portion of the colony for the purpose of finally arranging for the season's planting, and be will visit Jamestown Glad- Btone. Laura, Wirrabara, Melroae, Wilming ton, Fort Angueta, and Qoorn. . At Laura, Hammond, Port Angusta. and Braoe he will inspect the aleepera cat for the Railway Da pal tment. Mr. T. Soherk. M.P., waited on the Com misbioner of Public Works on Monday and asked that the work of removing the work shops to Islington might beeommenoed as soon as possible. The Minister, in reply, said the work would be advertised either this week or next. The Oommifiaioner of Pablio Works has acoepted the tender of Mr. Rogers for the traildf?g Of the new operating theatre in con nection With the Adelaide Hospital and the new quarters for the nurses. For the former the amount in £2,972 and for the latter £1,035. On Monday, May 6, Messrs. R Galdwell, M.P., and H. BarUett. M.P,, presented to the Minister of Education (Bon, J. G. F. Johnson) a memorial from the residents fof Sanbnry asking that a provisional school be opened there, the nearest eohool being three miles; a di?tanoe too great for children to walk to and fro in wet or hot weather. There are already suitable building? for a school and teacher's residence. The Minister replied that he would call for a report on the request made. The first mate of the steamer Geres, Mr. Her mann Becher, died suddenly of heart disease on Saturday jast before the vessel reaohed Stansbnry, and the Geres returned to the Semaphore the same evening with the body, which wa? taken to the deceased's late resi dence, at Birkenhead. He had been suffering from this complaint for some time past and had been tinder the care of Dr. Mitchell. Becher had been mate of the Geres for four years, and leaves a wife and three children. The Commissioner of Grown Lands has received the following telegram from the Deputy Surveyor-General, who is chairman of the Northern Land Board, whioh at the time wa? at Oarrieton:—" Large meeting here to-day and number applications deal with. Inspected all land in district east of railway, Teiowie to Yanyanie. . Ecpect to send pre liminary report in a few days, Snail be at Hawker Saturday, inspecting land on the way." The old excharge in King William street has been an eyesore for some time past, standing as it doee between two of tbe most handsome banks in the city, but it is about to give place to a fine block of buildings that will be worthy of tbe Bite. A large body of workmen commenced tbe task of pulling down the old structure on Monday, and within a few days tbe scene of the Northern Territory mining boom and many other exciting ruches for Bcrip will be among tbe " has beens." Mr. Wm. McLean, of Mel boniDe, is the lessee of the land, and intends to erect an imposing block of buildings on the site. A chocking accident occurred at Port Ade laide on Monday afternoon whereby a lad aged 18, named Frederick Bryant, son of Mr. Thomas Bryant, of Port Adelaide, was killed. The unfortunate fellow, who was in the employ of Messrs. Burton & Shorney, ironmongers, Commercial road. Port, was engaged in the faoieting of a large crate of hardware, weighing , about half a ton, from the ground floor of the j store ,to the top fbor, when the sling, whioh I was only an ordinary- eized rope and quite in adequate to cope with the weight of the crate, parted. The weight fell with a crash upon Bryant. The skull was crushed to atoms, and tbe brains were scattered about the floor. The body was conveyed to the local morgue pending the coroner's inquest, which will be held to- < day. A short time -since the Hon. Dr. Campbell and the Hon. 6 W. Cotton waited upon the Commbsioner of Grown Lands and presented a petition, signed by residents in the district of Light, eskuifr that tbe Government section known as tbe police paddock* situated within j one and a half miles of Kapunda, might be re snmed for the purpose of being cut up into workirg men's blocks. The Commissioner at thai time informed Mb interviewers that nearly j the whole of those who had signed the petition were known to him, and that be was doubtful whether there was any necessity existing for working men's blocks in tbe locality. He promised, however, to make careful enquiry and to report his decision. The reply | which the Commissioner has now sent to Dr. Campbell is as follows: —" I am at all times anxious to meet the views of my constituents co far ss I can consistently do so, but. living in the district, I have had the op portunity of conferring with many of the peti tioners and of making careful enquiry with reference to the petition, and have reason to believe there are few. if any, working men in Kapunda anxious to obtain blocks in the locality indicated or able to comply with the necessary residence conditions, The section referred to comprises . 104 acres, and is leased to Martin Mc&fahon;, ; of Kapunda, for 21 years from the Ist October, 1887, at a rental of £31 6b. per annum. Under tbe circumstances, until further evidence is j offered as to the necessity for resuming the j land, Ido not feel justified in taking it away from the present lessee." The Hon. John Cotton acd Mrs. Colton are expected to arrive from England by the steamer Orizaba during the latter part of the present month, and a meeting wa? held in the Cbnroh Office, Leigh street, on Monday after noon to arrange for a united welcome to them. The following institutions, in all of which either Mr. or Mrs. Colton nave held positions, were represented :—The Children's Hospital (Mr. C. H. Goode), Inebriate Retreat (Mr. Williams), Young Men's Christian Association (Mr. J. J. Virgo), Young Women's Ohristian Association (Misses Green, Robin, and £. Goode), Adelaide Strangers' Friend and Benevolent Society (Mr. Fanee), Ladies' Sooial Parity Society (Mrs. Lee, Mrs. Thow, and Misu Chewinga). Social Parity Society (Rev. J. C. Kirby), Female Refuge (Meadames Robin, Santo, Matthews, and Hill), Hospital and Slower Mission (Mis-es Graves), Maternity Belief Society (Mrs. Chappie), Queen's Home (Mrs Cbas Bides and Mrs. Bonythonj. Rqboua Socitty (Mecdames M. Goode and Roberta), Pine-street Ladies' Benevolent Association (Mrs. Caldwell). Deaf, Dumb, and Blind Asylum (Mr. T>. Nock). Mr. Nook was voted to the chair. It was decided, on the motion of the Rev", J C. Kirby, seconded by Mr. J. J. Virgo, that the reception take the form of an afternoon social in the V.M.C A. Hall, and the date was fixed for May 27. It was also decided that tbe meeting be a public one, ad mission only by ticket, to be obtained from the ladies'committee and at tbe V.M.0.A., that no charge be made, but that subscriptions be solicited (Misses Chewings and £. Goode, treasurers) to defray expenses, any balance to be given towards the China famine fund. A vote of thanks to the Gnurcb authorities for the use of tbe room was carried. Stage plays (remarks the Melbourne Licensed Victuallers' Gazette) are dread fully demoralising of course, as any reverend Stiggins will toll yon; and all engaged in dramatic repreaenta tiona are clearly children of the evil one. And yet it is hard to believe that there is not some lingering little bit of humanity left in the breasts of a few, at least, of the reprobates. This thought will occur to most people on hear ing that last week the entire company and staff of the Bijou Theatre troupe, from the prima donna and the leading star actor down to the lowest supernumerary, both before and behind the footlights, orchestra and all, declined to receive their weekly salaries, preferring to leave the money in the hands of the treasurer as a gift to Messrs, Biough & Boucicault in token of sympathy for their heavy loss sustained by the burning of the Bijou. Neither Mr. Brongh nor Mr- Bouci cault bad the slightest idea of what was going on, and were somewhat surprised when putting on their wraps to go home on Monday night after the performance was over, the lights turned low and the audience departed, to hear from the orchestra the familiar strains "Should auld acquaintance be for got" played pianitsimo eon espratione. The two lessees were politely told that their presence was wanted on tbe state. Arrived there, Mr. G. 8. Titherage pro sented them with an address headed " A rift 'in the cloud." The address briefly set forth the refusal of salary already mentioned. Mr, Brough was the spokesman in reply, but he evidently felt that emotional lump in the throat rising which sadly interferes with flow ing eloquence. The veteran actor, who could at any time face an audience two thousand strong, broke down. His limited audienoe on this occasion saw what was the matter, and broke in with the old familiar" He's a jolly good fellow," with orchestral accompaniments. Asd so a very pleasant little ceremonial was brought to a close. The annual meeting of the Port Wharf Com pany was held at the company's office on Mon day afternoon. The balance-sheet for the half year ending March 30 showed a balance to credit of profit and loea of £246 Bs. A dividend of 6s. per share was declared, Messrs. Howard Smith & Son have im ported a small railway line for the purpose of discharging coal, &c.; at the Port, but it appears that the Working Men's Association have held a meeting, and that a hitch has oc curred in connection with the discharge of the boats. Major Dane will give to night at the Vie- j toria Hall, Gawler-place, his oration on " Jas, A. Garfield, second martyred President of the United States." It deals with every phase of Garfield's character and career, and includes incidents never yet published, and also a dramatic recital of some of his powerful speeches in Congress. The plan of seats of tbe Santley concerts was opened on Monday at Messrs. 8. Marshall and Sons, and a very large number availed them selves of the opportunity of securing seats close up. The assistants were kept busy all day re serving chairs, and although the conoert? do not take place for a month it looks as if all the seats in the hall will be taken long before that time expires. The second presentation of the new pro gramme at Wirth Bros.' circus again drew a crowded audienoe on Monday evening, the large tent being filled in every part. The efforts of the varicu? performers drew rounds of applause from those assembled, and the evening's entertainment ended with the wall known equestrian act entitled " Dick Torpin'a Bide to fork." The same bill will be pre sented this evening. A small boy named George Myer, aged 5 years, Irving in Gules-street, was accidentally ran over on Monday afternoon by a milk cart, driven by John Oleary, aa employe of the Wheal Walking dairy! FcewviUe. The lad who was aiUng on a curb stone at the corner of Gillea and Castle streets at the tune of tea accident sustained a broken leg. Be wm at once conveyed home and attended to bf Dr, Arties. Moderate attendance? were present at the various sessions of the Exhibition Rink on* Monday. The immagementaniiounos a further reduction in prices, foil particulars of wbioh will be eeen in oar advertising columns. It ia requested that the names of those intending to take part in the children's grand march (some 100 couples) be given in at the office in order that invitation tickets may be issued and the necessary practices arranged. * New Men and Old Acres" was repeated at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening in (he presence of a delighted audience. The charm ing acting of Miss Gowper wa? -an e?psoial feature of the performance, but all the other members of the company aoquitted themselves admirably. The same piece will be given to- 1 night, when his Excellency Ijord Kintore, Lady Kintore, and suite will be present. We under stand every seat in the drew circle has been booked. The members of St. John's Young Men's Society, together with a few friends, met at Messrs." Beach & Co.'c rooms on Saturday - pigbt to bid farewell to Mr. R. Hocking, who is leaving for Port Augusta, The chair was occupied by the Rev. Canon Poole, M. A,, and the vice chair by Councillor Grondy. The usual toasts were duly honored, and songs and recitations were rendered by Messrs. South cott, Dobson, Lavis, Faltridge, Grondy, and A, Bristoire. Messrs. Stump ft Co., photographers, of this city, have just completed a series of photos of the Earl and Countess of Kintore. The most noticeable photo?. are a pair of _ bast pictures of their Excellencies, which are remarkable for artistic conception and superb gradation of light and shade. Proofs were forwarded to Government House, and his Excellency is so pleased with them that he has appointed Messrs. Stump & 00. viceregal photographers. Photos of the arrival of the Earl of Kintore at the Town Hall, together with three-quarter length portraits of their Excellencies, are also well worth seeing. The photos will be on view at the firm's premises, and also at Woodman's muaictaoma. An inquest on the body of Thomas Crisp, who was found dead in his bed on Sunday morning, was held by Dr. Whittell at the Elephant and Castle Hotel on Monday after noon. The evidence adduced showed that the deceased was 55 years of age wad bis vocation was that of a mining expert. He was a resi dent of Gawler, but on the night of his death was lodging at the Family HoteL In the morning he was discovered dead by a man named Oookeon. Dr. Poolton, who made a past mortem examination, stated that he thought the cause of death was inflammation of the left lung. For tome time previous to his de cease Crisp had been given to intemperance. The jpry returned a verdict that death resulted from inflammation of the long. An entertainment was given in the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Monday evening in aid of Mrs. O'Sullivan, of the Port, by the Knowles Company. There was a good atten- dance. The programme opened with an over ture by the Southern Star brass band, who kindly offered their services for the occasion. After Miss Duffy and Mr. Dowsett had ren dered a ditty and a recitation respectively, Miss Jessie Lewis sang "Acushia Maohree," and responded to an encore. Mr. Murphy sang "There'll be no one to welcome me home," and Mr. Turner danced a hornpipe and received an encore; Misb Louis Lewis sang "My southern sunny home." Miss B. Swift rendered " Killarney," and Masters Sam. Hams and J. Goe elicited applause by their comical impersonations. The others who took part were Miss Vannaa, Messrs, Hill and Darmody. The programme included a farce entitled ** Grandmother's Ghost" by Motors. Knowles, Trimmer, Massey, and J. White. MiB? Rebeeoa Bains officiated as pianist. On Saturday evening about 40 of the em ployes of Mr. James Murray, draper, St. Vincent-street, Port Adelaide, assembled in one of the upstair rooms of the building to wish him farewell on the occasion of his re inquishing business. Mr. J. C. Haddy occu- pied the chair, being supported on the right by Mr. Murray and on the left by Messrs. Lloyd, Brooks, and Catt, members of the new firm, who intend carrying on the business. Mr.Voysey proposed the health of Mr. Murray, and paid a high tribute to that gentleman as an employer, mentioning that, as a mark of the great esteem in which he was held by his employed, it was their intention to make him a present. The toast was received with cheers and musical honors. Mr. Murray very feelingly responded, and wished the new firm every success. Mr. Lloyd, he said, was one of his oldest employe's, and for honesty and integrity could not be sur passed. The Health of the new firm was then proposed, and responded to by Messrs. Brooks, Lloyd, and Catt. Other toasts followed, including "The ladies," coupled with the names of Misses Scott and Armitage, heads of the dressmaking and millinery departments respectively, and " The Press." Dancing was then indulged in, and kept up until a late hour. A visitor to a Japanese prison in Tokio thus reccunto, in the Pottery Oazclte (London), a portion of his experiences :—We visited a work rhop where jinrikiahas were being made, then one where nmbrella handles were elaborately carved, then one where every kind of pottery, from the rough porous bottle and jar to the eggshell teacnp, was rolling from a dozen potters' wheels, and then came the great sur prise. Two days previous I had visited the bouse of the most famous maker in Japan of the exquisite cloisonne ware—the enamel in inlaid metal work npon copper—who rivals in everlasting materials the brush of Tamer with his pigments and the pencil of Alma Tadema with his stiips of metal And I had stood for an hour behind him and his pupils marvelling that the human eye could become so accurate and the human band so steady and the human beatt bo patient. Yet I give my word that here in the prison at Ishikawa Bat not six but sixty men, common thieves and burglars and peace breakers, who knew no more about cloisonne before they were sentenced than a Hindoo knows about skates, doing just the same thing — cutting by eye-measurement only the tiny strips of copper to make the outline of a bird's beak, or the shading of bis wing, or the circulations of his toe, sticking these npon the rounded surface of the copper vase, filling up the interstices with pigment, coat upon coat, and fixing and filing and poliehing it until the finished work was so true and so delicate and so beautiful that nothing except an occasional greater dignity and breadth of design market the art of the freeman from that of the convict. Fancy the attempt to teach such a thing at Pentonville or Dartmoor or Sing Sing. When our criminal reaches his prison home in Tokio he is taught to do that at which the limit of his natural faculties is reached. If he can make cloisonne, well and good; if not, 'perhaps he can carve wood or make pottery ; if not these, then he can make fan?, or nmhrniim, or basket work. Jf he is not up to any of these, then he can make paper, or set type, or cast brass, or do carpentering; and if his faculties do not permit of his engaging in any of these useful avocations he descends to the position of a stonebreaker j but he can never be an idler as we seem to prefer to have our prisoners. The advertisements with reference to amusementa appear on the second page. A meeting of the Royal Building Society will be held this evening. A meeting ot the Onion Barrier Brewing Company will be held to-day. A meeting ot the Queen Building Society will be held this afternoon. A meeting of the S.A. Plumpton Company wi 1 be held this afternoon. An entertainment will be given ia the Norwood Town Hall this evening. A meeting of the shareholders in the Bank of Ade laide will be held to-day. A lecturette on " Kisses and kissing" will be given in the Norwood Baptist Lecture-hall this evening. A meeting wil be heTd at Henley Beach this evening to consider the establishment ot telephone comminu tion between that place and the city. 3he names ol Mr. and His. Walter Frampton, Mrs. J. T. Kankivell, and Miss Wilkie were omitted from the list of those who attended Lady Eintore's recep tion on Friday. * - I 