NEEDLES= "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Rinks. Volley. Change? Theatre. Sedition. Toboggan. "Wanda." Switchback. S.A. defences. Pigott suicided. Now then, civilians. Dr. Tanner arrested. Hon. J. White again. Ministerial inactivity. Opening of Kensington Oval. Civic address to his Excellency. Kintore may have "great ability." Nearly a big naval fire on Saturday. Gladstone making a hero of Parnell. Davis beat those horses. Weil done! The G.O.M.'s eldest son is seriously ill. The strain has been too much for Pigott. Ouida dramatised at the Theatre Royal. A weather system founded on sun spots. The Bricks have a long pull before them. The Salazie took away a lot of our wines. Whistler is mad with his disciple Menpes. The strength of French and English fleets. Mr. Lempriere remains in South Australia. Australian Natives' Association this evening. Baker's Creek last average over 15 oz. to the ton. S.A. wines dispatched for the Paris Exhi- bition. Sir Wm. Robinson off to Marvellous Smel- bourne. The Victorian St. Leger again gone to N.S.W. Chief Justice will be acting Governor to- morrow. J. G. Blaine resumes his office of Secretary of State. Another banquet to another Australian Governor. Ilma de Murska and her daughter were cremated. The crowd should not have frightened that third horse. Mr. Foureur is sending some S.A. cham- pagne to Paris. That eastern suburban track will be a fast one when hardened. Meeting of the Glenelg Railway Company shareholders to-day. Port workmen to get the preference, "all other things being equal." Captain Mecham and Lieutenant Richards are going with Sir William. An amusing programme is provided at St. John's Schoolroom to-night. Herr Tisza wants larger armaments for the defence of Austro-Hungary. "A Loyal Irish South Australian" has a word about Governor Kintore. Government stores building at the Port to be proceeded with at earliest convenience. Princess Midas has left for London with the outer harbor scheme in her pocket. The school teachers regard the punishment for breaches of discipline as too severe. No less than 150 eviction notices have been served on tenants on the Kintore estates. The miserable Pigott was in destitute cir- cumstances, notwithstanding his roguery. The G.O.M. delivered a brilliant and pas- sionate oration on the Times-Parnell fiasco. Mr. Molineaux's appointment as secretary to the Agricultural Bureau is a temporary one. School teachers want their salaries on the first of the month, like other public servants. Could not the Victorians get a law passed preventing Sydney horses winning their races? General Willoughby obtained a divorce against his wife, Harry St. Maur co- respondent. The Permanent Force had a bad time against the railway officiate in the cricket field. Sir William Harcourt thinks the Pigott forgeries will trammel the Government and hasten a dissolution. The gunboat Partridge went out for her trial trip at Plymouth recently. Her feed-engine broke down and she collided with a fishing smack. What are the "exceptional circumstances" under which Mr. Molineaux was appointed as secretary to the Agricultural Bureau? The tigress Diana, in Mr. Higgins's me- nagerie, Brisbane, gave birth to two fine cubs last week. They are valued at £100 each. Baron von Mueller reports that the highest tree he has seen in Victoria was 400 feet high. He recommends that the giant trees of the colony should be fenced in. Charles Spurgeon says that his father is the best man God ever made; and President Cleve- land's mother-in-law says that the President is a most honorable man though peculiar. Mary Anderson, the actress, is intensely and devoutly religious. She would rather spend the rosy hours of the morning at mass than in the enjoyment of the most delicious repose. A very curious plant is found in Manitoba along the Red River. It is a delicate, pure white stalk, leaf, and bloom, and is called the "Monotropa, Indian pipe, Ghost or Corpse plant." The draughts match between Barker, the American, and Smith, the English champion, for £200, was finished on January 5, when the score stood—Barker, 5 games; Smith, 1; drawn, 22. The exhibition held in Glasgow last year has produced a profit of £47,000, being about £7,000 more than the net profits of the highly successful Jubilee Exhibition held in Man- chester in 1887. The Czar, for the first time for years, has transmitted a friendly Christmas greeting to the Pope. The personal relations between the Czar and his Holiness are said to be warmer than they have ever been before. The Rev. John McNeill, Free Church Minister of Edinburgh, who has been styled the Scottish Spurgeon, has accepted a call from the congregation of Regent- square, London, which was built for the famous Edward Irving. Earl Kimberley (Sir John Wodehouse, K.G.) favors the proposal that in future all persons in the service of the Crown should have de- ducted from their salaries so much as is neces- fary to form an annuity fund. On 7th January, King Humbert, in receiving Lord Dufferin, said "he regarded the appoint- ment of such an illustrious personage as am- bassador as a fresh proof on the part of Queen Victoria of friendship to Italy." William Kirkwood, the foreman of the Burn- head Quarry at Airdale, fired a shot of blasting powder to dislodge a rock, and about four hours afterwards went to see the result. He was found dead about 30 yards from the en- trance—killed by the after-damp. At Benhigh, T. L. Hill, a gentleman farmer, was charged with threatening to shoot O. E. Jones, an estate agent, who had levied a dis- tress for tithes. He pleaded guilty, and was bound over, himself in £100 and two sureties in £50 each, to keep the peace for six months. The London Philanthropic Society last winter issued tickets for 41,300 half- hundredweights of coal, 17,711 4lb loaves, and 8,290 2lb loaves. The income amounted to upwards of £2,250. This society hopes to keep pace with "the ever- increasing wants of a growing population of poor." The American census of 1890, preparations for which are already in progress, according to estimates made, promises to show a population of over 70,000,000 in the United States. The population of 1880, as the census of that year showed, was 50,165,783, of whom 43,475,840 were native and 6,679,913 foreign- born. About 25 soldiers of the Royal Berks Regiment, quartered at Kilrush, marched through the streets on Saturday night singing "God save Ireland." They were followed by a large crowd of civilians, who joined in the chorus. A force of police came on the scene, and the soldiers, amid great excitement among the populace, dared the officers to interfere with them. The constables finally dispersed the crowd. It is said upon good authority that Prince Alexander of Battenberg will be allowed to marry the Princess of Prussia. The matter has only been definitely arranged since the Empress Frederick has been in England. Prince Bismarck has withdrawn his veto on the ground that the sister of an emperor may contract an alliance which would have been impolitic for the daughter of an emperor who was reigning. Mr. Monro, the new Chief Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police, has set vigorously to work on the task of effecting a number of much-needed reforms at Scotland Yard. It is stated that he contemplates in a measure over hauling the police arrangements in the White chapel district, and, in the event of further murders bting committed, himself taking a very active part in superintending the work of the detectives. 