CBISTADELPHIAN LECTURBE. [voaneuXeaen'n.] An a·ddrees was delivered, in the Western Star Ball, on Sunday evening last, by Mr. A. Orr, the subeot being "When men are dead, are they alive When esalep, arethey awake What aitth the ripture ?" After some pre. liminary remarks, the letArer aid :--It is only fiction to tell ns that the dead are not dead, hobut gone before. Theologians of thbe nineteenth centcrl tell es that man cannot die. A man die! No I ImposMlble I He may g~o out ot the body, but he cannot die. Thie, of course, is teaching in aceord with the doctrine t the supposed immortality of man, and they are, therefore, speaking and teacbing oonsistoently 'with the traditions of men, and not the 8oriptores, wherein God, through Moses, the prophets, Jesus and the aposetles, show things, regarding the estate of the sons of mena, in?w veryl different light, consistent in every point. This, friends, eas you are aware, is the popular belief. Now, we shell examine the records of Divine truh to see if there is anLthing to warrant this belief. We assert that, in them, there is nothing to joetify or anbstantiate that belief, but great evadenoe to show that, when men are dead, they are, fares being is conooerned, in prenisely the same position uas they were before they were conn oelved, &o.; When the Scripturee speak about the death of anyone, they do not tell us that the good have gone to their reward in haven, for the apostles were p'ainly told by Jems that there they could not come (John I., 33); Bat that, when He comes again (Acta i, 11); He will reoesive them unto Bimself, that where He in there will they be also (John xiv., 3). For heaven is God's dwelling.phaoe. where no man hath asceaded but Jesue (John ilL, 13); "Not even David" (Acts ii., 84); for the earth hath God given to the children of men uas their erelrsating abode (lsea. s., 18, Psalm ar., 16); or, of the evil or bad, that they are gone to appear before the bar of God, to answer foir their misdeeds. The Bible speakhe in a con. trary direction altogether. Let me call youer earnest attention to a few deaths, as reoorded in the Scriptnres. Parlt, we will consider Abraham's oase (Gen. xxv., 8); it is written "Then Abrirm gave up the ghost (spirit or breath), and died in a good old age, an old man (176 years), and foiull of years, and was gathered to his fathers or people." Now, it Is a well.established faoot that Abraham's father and his people were idolatorer (Jeoshua xziv., 2) and no person would be prepared to admit that sunch would ever be admitted to the bleesedness which God hath promised through Abrahbam and his seed-the Christ (Gen. xii., I to 7, and Galatians iii., 16 to 18). The Lord God said unto Abraham, after Lot was separated from him, "Lift up thine eyes, and look from the plasce where thou art, northward and south ward, eastward and westward, for all the land which thou meet will I give thee (or to thee will I give it) and to thy seed for ever" (see Gen. xii., 14 to 17). In this, also, was there to Abraham a promise given of endless life, when the time arrives for a realization of the glorious purposes of God. Next, we may consider lease and Jacob's cases; the record given respecting their deaths is similar to shat of Abraham's (see Gen. xzxv., f8 29, and xlix., 33). And that of Joseph-tbshat he was embalmed, and he wasee pot in a ccfllo in Egypt (1., 2f). Then there is the rocord of the death of Moses (Deot. zxxiv., 4 to 6). So Moses, the servant of the Lord, died there in the land of Mohab, according to the Word of the Lord. Then comes the record of David's death (1st Kings ii., 1.2). He remarked to Solomon, "I go the way of all the earth: be thou strong, therefore, and show thyself a man" (10th verse); so David slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David (Jeruea lem). Does all the earth go to heoven ? It is expreasly said that David did not. Paul (in Acts xiii., 36) tells us that David fell on eleep, and was laid unto his fathers, and saw corrup. tion. All flesh is as grass, and all the glory ot man as the flower of grass; the graess wither eth and the flower thereof fallesh away, but the Word of the Lord endareth for ever, Ao. (let Peter i., 24-25). All are of the duet. aend all turn to dust again. Henoe God said to Adam, " Deost thou art. end unto dust ehltc thou return" (Eoules. iii.. 20; Gen. iii.. 19). Again, look at the oae of Job in his effl:tion -what he maid would become of him if death had taken him in his infancy, and which he preferred rather than that he had lived on to be aflicted as he war. He said," Why died I not from the womb? Why did I not give up the ghost" (or breath), &c..;? "for now should I have lain still and been quiet. I should have lept. Then should I have been at rest" with many that he enunerates, even of the great ones who had done what the great majority of mankind are doing still-i.e., building desolate places (the graves) for themselves; or "an an hidden, untimely birth, I had not been-as infants which never maw light ;" and that is, as he truthfully in. forms us, in the grave (Job iiiL, 11 to 22). So we learn, from eaoch testimony, that man, in the death state, is, for the time being,.between his breath going forth and resurreution (if he is Christ'e) mleep-ounoonsciou?s (P?i. clxvi., 3.4); and, if not m Christ, he is not, he con. tinueth not, as though he had never been. Man dieth and wasteth away--yea, man giveth up the ghest, or breath (which is life), and where is he?. (Jobhiv., 10). Some would say in heaven, others would say in hell (hades, or nheol), and others in purgatory; but the Bible nswer is, ?'he is not," or " nowhere," having retnrned, through corruption and dissolution of being, to the elements of which he is com posed, the dust returning to the earth, as it was, and the spirit or breath to God, who goes it (Ecle.. ii., 7). The dust was not the man, but, when formed in the image of God and the Elohim-"-after oar image, saith God" then that which they had formed from tbe dust was the man. We must have the dust forms. tionanimated with the spiritoflifebefore we oan have aliving man ; neither is the spirit the man, but that which giveth life to tbhe man, for the breath giveth life. BHence it is written (in Geo. ii., 7), "The Lord formed man, and breathed into his noMtrilathe breath of lives, and the man became a living soul or being. Job says that he would wait till his change came (xir., 14). Does it come at death 7 Oar friend teolls us that we simply change a place of temporal, for a place of spiritual and eternal abode, at the time of death. What does Paul sapy re this! Se let Corinthians xv., 28rd. Christ, the firat.fruite; afterwards, they who are Christ's. When, "at His coming," for the Lord Himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, and the dead in Him shall rise first and then those who are alive, and in Him, sball be convened with them for the purpose of rendering an aso. count, when they will all be rewarded or panished aouorddigly (Boman. xiv. 12; let Peter iv., 5). Hence, ageis, Jesous mae, "Of all that the Father giveth Me shall come to Me," Ac.; I should loose nothing, but raise it up agai at the last day (John vi. 87, 39, 40, 44, 4). The time for Job's change to take place, he informs nusof in the (oh. xix.) where be says, "I know that my Redeemer liveth, and that He will stand at the latter day upon the earth; and thongh, after mp skin worms de dtroy this body, yet, in my flesh shall I mae God," do (25th to 29th verse; maee ls, Psalm xvil., 1St aund.lxxzviii. Pulm-where a que tion is asked. "* Wilt Thou (God) ebew wooders to the dead?" '8hill the dead arise and praisie Thee I" Consider. The answer is to be foond in Isaiah xxvi., 19 to 21; and Revelatione xi., 15\. For the dead praise not the Lord, neither any that go down fn silence (Psalm oxv., 17). Regarding the dead being sleep, Jesus ro marked, " The maid it notdead, but sleepeth." Again, " We shall not all sleep." Again, " I (Paul) would not have you ignorant concerning them that are usleep; that ye tthbe saints, or these in Chriat) sorrow not s others sorrow, that have no hope (Luke viii., 62; oclems. it., Si 1st Corinth. xv., 1 ; and 1st Thee. iv., 13). Where are they sleeping? In the doet of tbe earth; and many will ie awakened, k.nd ralse therefrom-not all. (Bee Daniel xil., 2; nad Psalm xliz., 6 to 20,) The leotnr?raddnoed much more-teatimoy, bat-too omeh to men tion here. "Wait on the Lord, and keep His way, and He shall exalt thee to Inherit the land. When the wioked are out off thou shall see it (Psalm x'xvii). 