MISS EYOtf, OF EYON COURT. \- Br KATHARINE S.MACQUOID, . Author of «'Patty," "At the Red Glove," t' The Evil Eye," " Wild aa a Hawk," &o;, [Published by special arrangement with the Authof. All rights reserved. Chapter XI,—(Continued.) Marjorle jumped up, stretched out her arms, and then she rubbed her eyes. Had she seen a ghost, she wondered, or had her aunt come to watch her whilst she slept. The dressing-bell rang as she "left the room. On her way she met Hannah, and the woman turned and followed her. "I really don't want you, Hannah," the girl said, " I can manage by myself." Hannah followed as If she had not heard. When she had closed the bed* room door she said— " Ah hev something particular to say, ma'am, and It cannot be spoken in a passage. Donnut you vex Mr. Brown, Miss Marjorle; he 1s master here, an any* body that gets his 111 word is safe to suffer for it. Keep you well with Mr. Brown, ma'am, and you'll go safe to t' end." Hannah Bpoke with more feeling than usual, but she looked so stiff and solemn that Maijorle laughed. "What should make you think I want to quarrel with the man?" Then, as the old servant looked mortified, she saw that the warning whs kindly meant. It was soothing that one person in the house should have a friendly feeling towards her, and she patted Hannah on the shoulder. " Thank you for your advice, but I am rather surprised at you," Marjorle said. " When Mr. Brown was here before you came and took me away from him, and now you preach friendship. Well, I can tell you I want a friend badly just now." Hannah -looked ..wistful. She:seemed ready to speak, and then she turned suddenly to the wardrobe and spoke over her shoulder. "Mr. Brown comes back to-night," fhe said. Nobbut ye'll be mebbe asleep before he comes." Marj orle had become suspicious. She knew that it w*s useleSs to question Hannah, but the woman never wasted words. She must have some motive for saying this about Mr. Brown. "Perhaps she may fancy it comforts me to know that I shall not be alone in the house to-night with Aunt Louisa," the girl said to herself as she went in to dinner. Dinner was at an end. Miss Eyon had taken her usual place at the table, but she had hardly spoken to her niece. And now she had gone away directly after the table was cleared. Marjorle lingered beside the fire; she dreaded to return to her bedroom. But presently Barbara came in with her bed candle, and asked if she should put out the lights. Marjoiie longed to say that she wished to sit later In the dining- room, but she felt unable to struggle against her aunt's will while she remained under her roof. A sort of helpless Indecision was creeping over her. She felt listless and inert, with a consciousness that unless she could escape from Eyon Court she must do all her aunt willed her to do. | She opened the door of her room I timidly, and then she Btood still instead of entering. She held her breath with ex pectation, for the door at the end of the passage, which she had always found to be locked, was slowly opening. The thought darted quickly Into Mar jorle's brain that her fear was justified— her aunt was coming in this stealthy way to fasten her a prisoner in the barred room. But In another moment she saw Mr. Brown. He had a lighted candle and he said, " HuBh!" although she had not spoken. " Will yon follow me ?" he said in a low voice. Marjorle went after him, into what she fonnd was yet another gallery, at right angles with the one she had left. Mr. Brown closed and locked the door bab-'nd her, and then he opened one on the right of the passage they had entered. *' Do yon know where you are ?" he said, and he placed .the candle he carried in a sconce on the wall. Marjorie was alarmed when she recog nised the library. " Oh, why did you bring me here,'' she said eagerly. " I said I would never come here again." He laughed and drew for ward one of the old chairs. " I am sorry you object," he said, as she seated herself;but I really had no choice. I dislike to talk in whispers, and the walls here are deaf ; and besides I believe even Hannah dislikes to venture into these old rooms at this time of night. You want to speak to me, don't you, now that matters have come to a crisis ?" he said, as if had been reading her thoughts. At first Marjorie had felt a strong dis like to finding herself alone with Mm. She had hesitated whether shs should not be safer in the barred room, and then she asked herself what she could have to fear from Mr. Brown ? Was not this meeting that wMch she most wbhed for ? Now her opportunity had come. " Yes," she said, but she felt strangely shy. How conld she say to him without any provocation, "I do not want to marry yon." She sat looking at- her hands folded in her lap, and he stood leaning against the chimney-piece looking at her. He had placed the chair so that the light fell on her face. For, a minute or two he watched her quivering lips till he fancied she was going to cry. " My dear child," he said kindly, "you are not keeping your promiselast night you said you would trust me. Am I an ogre, and do yon think I shall gobble you up, eh ?" He ended merrPy. She looked np and the sight of his smiling pleasant face so cheered her that she smiled too, and a load seemed taken from her spirits. He took her hand, but he did not attempt to keep it in his. " Now we must talk business,", and he drew forward another of the heavy chairs and he seated himself opposite her. He was very slow in doing this, bat he was studying Mar jorie Intently all the while. " Do you know," he said at last, " that I believe Instead of being cheerful I ought to be tearing my hair and gnashing my teeth with disappointment ? Eh P What do you say, mademoiselle?—smiling, I declare. Well, well, I suppose you think I have no feeling." He got up and walked to the other end of the room. 41 There, you need not say a word," for, as he came np to her, Marjorie began to speak. " I understand all abonb it; you are an Ey6n, and, therefore, you Will not be driven to do what your annt chooses. By Jove ! I can't blame you, though I am the loser. Well, now," he seated himself again, " we must settle things; yon want to leave Eyon Court at once, do you not ?" Mar jorle's eyes opened widely. " Who could have told you that P I did nob tell anyone ?" " My dear," he bent forward towards her, " I am nob blind, and I know what goes on In bhis house. No girl with any courage or feeling would submit to be treated as you have been treated. Now I am quite willing to help yon if only yon will tell me where you wish to go." " To Mrs. Locker, please, near Selby. There Is no one else to whom I oonld go." "Isn't there ?" he said so mischievously that she looked np quiokly, and then as qnlckly looked away, her face covered with blushes. " I thought, you know," he went on, " that a certain Mend we talked ahont on the moor would give you a warmer welcome, eh ?" Marjorle felt affronted andveryhaughty, and then she remembered Hannah's caution, Was the woman in Mr, Brcwn's ! confidence, and had she helped him bo meet her In this way 2 lb seemed to her that she might he close ab hand watching over her. The thought helped Marjorie to be calm. " If you will tell me how I can geb to Mrs. Locker, I'shall be very grateful," she said. " If I can get to Ripon I know then how to go on by train." " I can do It," he said, " but I maab have a day to arrange matters, and also it will be better to give Mis. Locker some notice. Yon must give me her address. Do not write to her—you must nob do anything to arouse suspicion here. Do you think yon can endure another day at Eyon Oonrb 2" " Yes, if I shall be free afterwards.'' "That's a brave girl." He nodded Ms head approvingly. " Yon must try to be as usual to-morrow as you have been to day. On Thursday morning after break fast I will arrange that Barbara leaves the key in the door, and you will walk out into theavenue as if nothing had happened; then you have only to make your way down the valley to the point where you admired the ruined castle—you remember 2" Marjorie nodded. "A quarter of a mile further on the path descends and leads yon to. a bridge. On the other side of this bridge I will be waiting for you." Hs paused, bub she did not answer. "Well2"—he looked earnestly at her —" are you afraid 2" " H—no," she said. And then more heartily, " Oh, no." And yet as she spoke Marjorie felt a sudden chill, almost as if an unaeeU hand were laid on her shoulder. Was it a warning against her companion she wondered. " How pale you are," he said. " I am afraid you dare nob venture. I am ready to do all I can, believe me, but I cannot save you from Miss Eyou unless you work with me. I shall not have time to come back here, and we could not leave the house together without exciting suspicion, and a fresh suspicion would end everything. Long before we reached the end of the avenue we should bs fol lowed. You would be brought back, and I should be forbidden to enter the housed As it is, I must see Miss Eyon before I leave, and lnll her suspicions the best way I can " " I shall not see you again, then," said Marjorie timidly. "Ho j I am off the first thing to*morrow» Yon will meet me at the bridge. You understand that I expect yon there the day after to-morrow.. The earlier you get away the better. How when you hava given me Mia. Locker's address, I will sea you safely along the gallery. (To be continued,) 