The Ghost's Violin. Karl Hafitz had spout six years on the method of counter point, and had studied Haydn, Gluck, Mozart, Beethoven, and Rossini, He enjoyed excel'ent henjth and, easy circuraatnncea, whioh permitted him to follow his nrtisti'j career. In a word, he possesed all tlmt was necessary for compos inn' fri-n.ur) and hft,i 11 1 if n 1 milsifi. exeont one little thing that is indispensable — inspira- tion. Bvery day, full of noble ardour, he carried to his worthy master, i lb.ert Kilian, long, melodious compositions, every note of which, a l.ris, ren.inded one of Peter, Jack, or Chris InnliPiv ' Master A'hert, seated in his groat arm chair, his feet on the handiron, his elbow on the corner of the table, would smoke his pipe and apply hir.vself to cancelling, one after ano.'her, the remarkable discoveries of his. pupil. I^arl, weeping with rage, would con test the point, Uut the old master would oaltnly open one of his, innumerable music books, and say, with his Bnger on the pas sage, ' Look boy !' 'Jfhen Karl would hang his. head and des pair of tho future. But onfe Sue day, when he had presented under his name a fantasy o® Baccherini, with variations from Yiptti, his good uatured master lost lii.s patience for or.ee. ' Karl,' heoiied, '-do. you take me for a fool 1 Do yon think nin ignorant of yoiu' pilfeiing? This is really too much 1' And,, perceiving I^arl's dismay at th.is un expected outburst, he continued ' Listen. I willingly admit that yon are the dupe of your memory ; that your; plagmr isijj, is, unponscious. Biit yon are decidedly becoming too stout ; you d.rink wine. tQp generously ; and above all, yo.ur heei;. is of too indetermiHate a quality. Now, such in dulgence, closes the avenues of your intellect. You ro.ust g. 0,-v thin.*' ' Grow tliiu !' . - '-Yes, or renounce music.. Yon are- not wanting in knowledge, but you lack a tly» me. That's the w.ho'e. trouble. If yi-u S|-eu-l. your life coating, the strings your 'violin with a layer uf fa', how can, they v 1,1 irate T These words of Master Albert catne like a I flash of light to Hatitz. \- ol.olt lo t..o m'oti t tn,- ms II ^ £X-''V he cried ; 'since m.atter oppresses sjiy soul,1 F am resolved to -,row thin.' His features expressed so much of heroism in tha,t moment that Master Albert was aeeply touched. He euibruceil hi,s dear pupil and wished him the best of fortut e. Early the riext day, Knrl Hafiiz, witli u knapsack on hjs shojilder. and a. stuff iu his hand, q.uittod the hotel of the Three Pigeons to undertake, a long journey. He directed his steps towards Switzerland. Unfortunately, at the en.d of six months ljis stoutness was considerably reduced, with out hia getting any inspiiation whatever. ' Can anyone be move unhappy than 1 V he wondered,. 'Neither fasting nor plenty, ueifher wa.ter, nor wine, nor beer, can m. ke my, sotil rise to the piich of thf sublime. w nut ujire t done to deserve so i-att, a rate t; ? While a crowil nf fools pr.'dnce reniarkabJe ' works, I, wiih all my skill, nll my labour, all ? my courage, I alone accomplish nothing. 'Ah,. : [leaven is not just ; no that, it is not, While grumbling in this fashion lie- fol- . lov-;ed! ihfi r,oad. from Bruck to Fribotng. Night was approaching, and as Hafitz draggeil ( liis ti' ed feet along,, he. felt us if hp - must fall with fatigue. At that moment he saw in the moonlight. ? an olji. ruiiyed house half-hidilen amongst the trees on the other aide of the road. The. roof* v^aS; low and sloping, yie door ofi1, its hipge.s, the window panes Viroken, -and the chimney iu ruins. Tall briars and [nettles, t.argleil together, grew everywhere, arid tho dorniei;. windovf, scarcely rose above. the heath, of tho upland, where the wind? waa, blon-ing strong enough to.hreat; the horns of an ox. At the same, time Karl saw through the dimness the bntnph.of a fir tree. wavjng above the door. ' Come,' said he to himself, ' the inn inn't beautiful ; in fact, it's rather sinister; but we mustn't judge things by appearances.'' And without,- hesitation he knocltcd.ut. the door with liis staff. | ' Who. is, there ? What do you., w^pi. 1; shouted a. tough voice from within. ' - ' Shelter and food.' ?- ' Ah, ah 1 very good !'' ? - The. door opened abruptly, arid Kurl.found hitntjelf in, the. presence ot a vi^orinis-loolcmg mail, his face square-cut, his eyes, gray ; his coat was out at elbow. In.his hand. wjts- an. Behind this personage burned the tire on the hearth, lighting up the emrance to a lofti the steps of a wooden staircase, themoulder ing. walls, and the. figure of a pale delicate young girl, clad in a dingy gown of. cotton. She looked toward the door with a kind of terror. Her black ey:-s had ati expressiou of sot row and nf tindeiinable wandering. Karl saw all this at, one glance, and in stinctively giasped his staff tighter. 'Well, yovt.tuay come in,' said tlx? man ; 'this is not the. weather to ke.ep people out of doors.' ? Then Karl thinking it would -be bad policy to have a frightened air, advanced to the ceutie of the hut and seated himself, on a stool before the hearth. 'Give me. your,, staff and;- knapsack,' said the man. At this master Albert's pupil trembled' in every limb ; and the knapsack was unbuckled, tlio stuli'jpIiCKd., in . a corner, and the hoi-t calmly seated near the- fireside, before he, had recovered from his surprise. Tin s circum stances tranquillisetl him somewhat. ' Mr. iHnkerper,' said he with a smile, ' 1 would not object to eating my nuppei.' What dpes . Monsieur desire fyr supper ? asked the other giavely. ' A ham omelette, ,a jug of wipe aud , Borne cheese.' ' Ob t .oh I oil. I Monsieur is provided with an excellent appetite, btit;0tu' provisions are exhausted.'. i ,? be continued,;; ? . ? i 