Footlight Flashes. w The splendid production of Juliut Caesar it Her Majesty's ia proving a wonderful mccesa in every way, and large audiences sightly testify by their preaonoe md applause to their admiration gf a pioturo unequalled in the baimony o£ itn colonxintt by any yet presented on the Australian stage. To moirow evening the Chancellor, vioe Dbancellor, senate, professors, graduates, ina unuor-KruuuttvuB ot wxe univoraiiy it ill be present, and on Saturday afternoon the second grand matinee will take place. 4s acme annoyance ia caused patrona by the late arrival of those who have not noticed the faot, we would remind the lilatory that the ourtain rises at 7 -15 each evening. ? ? ? The last nights of Mikado are an ucuncedL. at the Boyal, and on Saturday night Ptpita will bo revived, and run till the end of the season. The season has been a very satisfactory onoto opera-goers md apparently so to the management, but prior arrangements compel the directors to terminate it in the height of ita success, jnd in a few nights we will regretfully view the ourtain going down for the laab time on the work of a particularly capable com pany. The rule is every night crowded houses, eo we would advise intending risitora to book their seats and arrive jarly during the few remaining represen tations. The present programme at the Criterion trill be withdrawn when the amalgamated Btongh and Boucicault Company, strengthened by the reappearance of tho&a; members recently on tour in Queensland, revive on Saturday night the popular Sophia. This wsek Barbara and The Rocket, & rattling double bill, will run to a finish, and something which will famish the strong company with an opportunity of jetting ita best work in is, wo aro told, in preparation. The last three nights of Professor Jensen at the Opera House are announced, and lovers of the mysterious should not miss the chance of seeing him, for an artist of hia calibre in his special line of business ia net likely to visit the city again for some time. On Saturday night a startling at traction is ; announced— the first appear ance in this city of Hiscocks' London Pavilion Company of thirty stars. This healthy company has just concluded a long season in Melbourne, where it waa most favorably spoken of by Press and public, and as the lessee is usually careful to associate himself only with good things we may anticipate an entertainment of unequalled merit. ? a ? To-morrow night the final grand stating carnival of the season takes place at the Elite Rink- (late Crystal Palace), in York street. A special programme has been prepared, and every arrangement has been made for the comfort and convenience ot skaters. The whole entertainment will be directed by Mr. Skinner. ? ? * The management of Darlinghurst Hall has already laid the public under a heavy obligation by the first of their series of eon certs given on Satnrday night, when a iplendid entertainment was presented with all the advantages and none of the incon veniences of an open air entertainment. Tho hall ia an immense building1 and splendidly adapted by reason of its excel lent acoustic properties to the purpose for which during the summer season it is to be used. Compared with tha only place approaching it in containing eapaoity— the Exhibition Building— the Datliighurst Hall is eminently the better, being tastefully decorated, well lit, and provided with excellent seating and stage accommodation. It is convenient to the city and all the suburbs, being within a ?tone's throw of the tram-line, and adjacent to the 'bus traffic The programme pro vided on Saturday night was one of mutual merit, and the orchestra, under Berr Von de'r Mehden, worked in harmony iculy perfect. Amongat tho vocalists »ere Signor Bnzzi.Mra. VandeVeorlGreen, tfr. Hollowell and Mrs. M'Donald, while Hr. Afihcroft Edwards, M. Poussard and Kits Naylor assisted at tho instruments. last night another very liberal bill waa provided, and a large and delighted ludienco enjoyed a musical treat of a high order. To-night there will fie no concert, but tho programme for Thursday BTcning appears elsewhere. ? ? ? » At the Alhambra Mr. Frank Smith haa one of the strongest companies whioh have appeared in the oity for a long time, and a Bott enjoyable entertainment is given erety evening. ? ? ? The Gaiety is unoccupied just at preaent. Ioitub on application to Mr. H. Leaton. We learn that MiBS Nellie Stewart will ucept a leading part in the ooming CnnBtmaa pantomime ? ? ? _ lit. W. Elton, the favourite comedian, u to be benefited by the Boyal manage »eht on Tuesday night. ? ? ? MiBB Nollie Stewart's term of engage ment with the Eoyal Comio Opera Com P&ny; expiros on tho 11th inat., the lost night of tho present season of oomio opera. Jo-Jo is travolling In Queensland. Professor Diokonion is leotnring in Mel bourne. ? ? ? Tho Fiat Bingors open in Molbonrno on we Oth. ? ? ? Fitificmld'B CirouB ia in tho South Coast dtotrlot. ? ? . ? D'Oreny Ogden'a Company opened in Mas teiUmon 8eptombor21. ftttoor Baldwin opens at Brisbane Owetj on Thursday niRht. ? ? ? DiBcooka London Pavilion Company opons toQouttmtn to-morrow night. ? ? ? . Wtimnn aYntnvo 1b to bo produood at Mel wwoo Kojal on Saturday night. ProfoBior Kennedy 'opouod at St. Qoorgo'a Jlw'i Molbourno, on Saturday ni«ht, fl«i ?'/?? Brov.th and Bouoioanlt's Company 'Wthtdthoit Brisbane soason laut night. ' ,,. ? ? ? IIbd?0'??11 B °P°rtt Company oponod in Wei a5«t0tt (N.Z), on Friduy night, Soptombor ? ? » vi!1,' ^jmpicr dtrcota tho Baby Show to be onBhVrda KxUibition Buildinij, Melbourne, ia 4\ ''RL6 Smithapn ia doinc a Maooabe Aot do?.,.! .„ iala™- iu whioh sho imporsonatoa a ' 'Miod oharnotor«. ;?;;!'' fenyt Aohn-oh roplaood A DoM l''incM.' ? 1° Nm Naudalen at Melbourne 'lc«» on Satnrday night. t «-ib. MooMahon and Lyons. Ne fcbcon,vo?oived th»* Mr.W. B. Benion, i' / ioafflh(la ^imB6U in »w»tour opera in F^t-tiuT1^ A.BB Wiaoi a po»itio» as ao pftiStotte 5aioty Theatre, Londoa, Mr. J. Solomon's Enaliab. and Comio Opera Oomtany is doing first rate business at Mtlbontno Alexandra with the Beggar Student. I ? ? 9 Miln 'and Dampior plaved together Ion Saturday ob Othello and logo at a matinee id aid of the families of tho firemen recently killed in Melbourne, ... I ? ?.??., . B ... Mr. Bethel, of Melbourne, Mr. Kdsrardfl, of Wellington, and Mr. Morton, who went home with Mr. Cowan from the Melbourne Exhlbi tim, hdvo been allotted leading parta in Bandeggore's operatta Rival Critics. Feminine olorgymon aeem to be well appre ciated abroea the Atltmtio. One lady, 'the Bev. Carrie J. Bortlolt,' haa been paster of a ohnroh in Southern Dakota for several years, and is now enthusiastically called to another important charge in Michigan. The reverend lady began her career as a newspaper re porter. ; * ? ? The latest Ameriqan mnsioal phenomenon ia a 'pedestrisl pianist,' who plays with ber toes inatead of hor fingera. A oritio who interviewed her save : Her tonoh ia not mt-llow, but still it ia not hard. She playa 'The corn is waving, Annie dear,' with exquisite tenderness and true ohiropodistioal expression. Hor ootave playing is good, and hor full-toned heel passages wore admirable.' P. T. Barnnm does not look like a man who has jnst entered npon the 80th year of hia life. Ho is displaying the energy of crlher times in pushing along tbo preparations for shipping tbe great Amerioan oirons and menotterie to London. Instead of retiring from business Mr. Barnnm ia ready to lay hold of every novelty that may be bronght within his reach. A rare old showman is Barnnm. The other day at Monte Video, Adelaide Tessero, tho sister of Madame Majeroni, took her farewell benefit in Mary Stuart. The reooipts were oIobo upon £500 ; and the aotreeB was tho reoipient of thirty baskets of flowers, i a broooh composed of brilliants, a braoelot containing an immonsa ruby, a diamond ring, a fan mounted in sold, with her cipher in brilliants, and a score of other costly offerings. ? ? ? Fergus Hnme is in London enjoying the season and snob distinction aa appertains to being 'tbe man who wrote the hansom cab Btory, donoherknow.' He goes out (writes a correspondent of a N.Z. contemporary) a good bit into Brompton sooiety, ia made mnoh of by Anglo- Australians aa ? ' one of onr rising men,' and graoiously patronised by the larger literary lions of the Savile Club. I don't fanoy he has made mnoh money yet either by hia books or play. He has, how ever, a vow drama in hand from whioh the inevitable 'great things' are expected, and whioh should bring in the dollars. ! ? a- m ? A is the Aotor who aims for applause, B ia the Ballet ia tinsel and gauze. 0 is the Chorus that sings out of tune, D is the Drama, to mortals a boon. E ia the Entrance where tickets admit, F is the Footlights that flioker and flit. 6 ib the Gallery-boy guying the gawk, H is the Hit that will make the ghost walk. 1 ia the Interval— whisky or tea, j is the Juvenile, airy and free. K ia the Kissing that very few shirk, L is the Leader who works like a Turk. M it the Manager Ieckod in hia den, N ia the Notice from critical pen. 0 ia the Opera with plenty to sing, P is the Play that they aay is tha thinf . Q ia the Queering that ruins the show, B is Behearaal that makes it a go. S ia the Scenery back of the stage, T ia the Theatre that's up to the age. U is the Usher the ladies oall sweet, V ia the Villian they call an old cheat. W ia tho 'Wing where you wait for your eve, X ia the eXit, your aoene being through. Y is the Youngster who aots without fear, Z is the Zenith— a stellar oareer ! # ? ? Thus doea a Western oritio in the United States give vent to his vieira on Hamlet :— ''There ia too mnoh chinning in the piooe. 1 ho author ia behind tbe times, and aeema to forget that what we want nowadays fa hair laiBing situations and deteotivea. In the basda.of a skilful p'aywright a deteotiva ?wonld have been put upon the track »f Hamlet's nnole, and the old man wonld have been hunted down iu a manner that would havo excited the audience out of their num ber elovesa. Tho moral of the pieae ia not good. The aoone where Hamlet sasssa bis mother is a very bad example to the rising generation, and it ia not improved when tha dreary old ghost comes in and blows him up. Onr advioe to the author is a little more aotion, a little more gurgling taffy, and a fair share of muaio-haU buBiness in hia next piece. In tbo specialty aots of the play-aoenea he haa entirely missed hia opportnjutios.' A correspondent refers to tbe conservatism of EDgliah and Colonial oritios with regard to renditions of artists in the musioal world, stating, in effect, that critiquea written for the daily nowopapors are not honest in that they unduly laud|tho efforts of English and Colonial musicians while depreciating those of talent od foreigncrB. He refers to certain repoita in Sydney newspapera, adversely critioal, oxd deplores, with the ardour ot a true lover ot muBio, tbe aoant courtesy bestowed upon the masterpieces ot the great oomposars of Europe, and of the muaioians who have fought to popularise them by soulful illustrations of thoir beantioa. He aoonaea tbe Colonial daily Press of imitation of tho taotioa of tbo EngliBh journals some fifteonycaraogo, when (he Btates)foreign artists 1 of the greatest genius wore not allowed to ob tain a looting in Eoglond, wben ' Bubonstein, Liszt, and Chopin wero driven out of tbe country, while Arabella Goddard reigned supreme bb tho pianists of England.' 