TALES AND SSCETGHISq THE PEHNYCOMEQUICXS. BY S. BARING-GOULD, AUTHOR OF 11 MeHALAII," " COURT ROYAL," "Joint Herring," "The Gaverockl," &<j. All Rigiits Reserved. Chapter XXXV. —Off. iVhen I wag a boy t possessed a pet owl. It was a source of amusement to mo to feed that owl with mice. "When the trap had caught ono of these night disturbers, I took it to the solemn owl, who sat blinking in the daylight, half awake and half asleep. Tho owl at once gulped down the mouse, and then went fast asleep with tho mouse in licr inside, but with the end of the tail protruding from her beak. About an hour later I went to the ow), took hold of the end of the mouse's tail and pulled it, whereupon up the throat of the owl came the mouse backwards, and the bird of wisdom was roused to wild wonder aud profound puzzlement to account for the sudden disgorging of her meal. Mrs. Sidebottoin had bolted uncle Jeremiah and was doing her best to digest him and his fortune, when, unexpectedly, her meal came to life again, and she sat gulping, blink' ing, bemuzzed, in her sitting room waiting for the return of Lambert from tho billiard table, to communicate to him the news that had reached her. Anyone who had seen my owl would perceive at once that tho case of Mrs. Side bottom was analogous. The consternation could hardly have been greater on Quilp reappearing when a posse of wives was sitting discussing him, esteemed dead ; and yet J ercmiah was no Quilp. But it is not Quilps alono who would produce dismay were they to return to life. Imagine tho emotions produced in a hospital which lias received a bequest of £10,000, and has spent 15 guineas on tho portrait of the benefactor, should the benefactor descend from tho frame, dcclaro himself alive, and require the return of his thousands. Think of the junior partner, who has been waiting till a senior shuffled off his mortal coil to make room for Iiira ; how would ho feci were the dead to return to life? Think of the curate waiting for tho living the next presentation to which is for liim, should tho old rector, after having laid himself down in ins grave, change his mind and get out and rcsurao his benefice for another 15 years ! Mrs. Sidcbottom hod but just received news of the reappearance of Undo Jeremiah, and like an energetic woman, she wasted as little time as might be in exclamations of dismay. She was not the woman to hover in uncertainty, and ask advice how to get out of a difficulty, like ono who has trodden in tho mire, she pulled her leg out instantaneously to set it on uiy and firm ground. "I don't know how tho law stands, and whether the sontenco of the Court of Probate caii bo reversed," she said, "but of ono thing I am very sure— that lie who has cau hold, and tire out those who try to open his hands, if lio has any wit." Then in came Lambert. Oh, Lamb !" exclaimed his mother, " here w a pretty predicament we aro in 1 My brother Jeremiah has como to life again !" unu burst out laughing, i is no Laughing matter," said his mother, testily. How can you be such a hyama ? Jeremiah has reappeared at Mcrgatroyd, and ttiero is-'Well, I can't mince matters — the devil .presume he will want to reclaim what we nave distributed between us. Tho mill, of course, with tho business, he will take back unuer his control, and cut off tho supply xnenoe. That is a serious matter— aud then thjro w the money lie left " return aul'l)oao ho will require you to T Which I can't and won't return. Bless mo, what a state of things ! Our income reuueeu from linlf the profits of the business to no-aixth, which he cannot touch, as that comos w S 1 » 1 r ny marriage settlement. Wo must avc hnglaml — we must leave at once, I shall Know nothing about Jeremiah's return. I shall 8CC m wat humor ho is, what c mtenda to do, and in what light ho regards i i? ttre rifla counccted with tho i ? on,t care to meet him about. Sfii 1 1 'mga, his securities, aud bo on, 1 i M return nothing" — she stamped her foot— no, umb ; for, in fact, I can't !" thU ?,u know tliat ho is back, and that mw is not a false alarm?" "It ifi!C — ZL s,ie tossed a letter to him. know tHg wrote ifc wth a sneer— I KiwJr Jeremiah never liked mc. Ho of spite ' a come to life again, out Pcmvv, ".nycomcoiiick-to be oorreot, a BmiJe —t tll lettcr al)d read it It was short. havo h/LTsa\ i1 am hearty again. I rhouDiati- f Algiers for ray health. I had foand vi,,, T' ,on<\ when 1 camo round I you had already pronounced me dead. ani ha'1 divided the grails— concerning whioh, a word later, — Your affectionate brother, ««r , , . "jEHEMIAH p." „ J?,1' hls ?' asked Lambert. „„ Of oourse it is. Here is a pretty mess for to be in. I Bhall lmve everyone laughing at mc, bocauee I swore that tho man in the shirt and great coat was Jeremiah. ' Concerning which— the spoils-a word later.' What doe? lio mean by that, but that he proposes calling me to account for every penny? I will not remain m England. I cannot. I will not receive this letter." But you lmve received it." I shall make my landlady return it, with a note to say that she took the liberty to open it, so as to bcable to write to the sender, and say that I have gone abroad for my health. Where shall I say I have gone to? — To Algiers, whence Jeremiah has just returned." (| Yon cannot do that." But I will. Self preservation is the first law. As for the money— I lost some by that Bcaple Yeo; not much, but some. I was so pro lint, and had such presence of mind, tliat I catiglit the man and made him refund before he had got rid of most of it. I have money in securities— railway debentures and foreign loans. I have all tho papers by me — I trust no ono hut myself — slnco my faith has been shaken by Smithies. Lamb, we must be off directly. It would ho too much a shock to my norves to see my brother that was dead and a alive again. What aro you laughingat, Lamb? You really are silly." "There is some prospect now of my coming to that hundred and fifty, I hope," said the captain. " Uncle Jeremiah may now write another will." " How selfish yon are ! You think only of yourself, not how I am afflicted. But, Lamb, I have had yon sponging on mo all these years, and keeping ine in an exhausted financial con dition that is intolerable." " Wo shall revert to our former condition, I suppose, now," said Lambert, unconcernedly. ' That is precisely what I cannot do. Return to poverty and middle class society, the very crown and climax of which is a Lord and Lady Mayoress— when we arc on the eve of making tho acquaintance of county people ! What have you done for yourself V You have been too inert to seize the chauccs I have put in your way. You must marry money. Jane Mulberry was worth £500 per annum, and you let her slip through your fingers." " She had n moustaelio." " She had money. Five hundred pounds would gild it.- Then there was 3Iiss Smitlison." " Sho was insipid." "What of that? Tho insipid women make the best wives, they aro so non-resistant. In marriage, men should be teetotallers aud take weak and washy women. They are far the best to get on with." " Don't think I've much fancy for such," said tho captain, languidly. "I tremble to think," said his mother, angrily, " what tho offspring of a weak woman and such an nncncrgetic man would be." " Then why recommend such a marriage ? " "Because wo muBt consider ourselves, not the unborn possibilities. However, to return to the subject that now most occupies me. My condition is desperate. You must marry. I can support you no longer." " And so you deport mo to Algiers." "My dear boy, wo are not going to Algiers." "Then where to?" "To Andermatt." " Andermatt ! — Whore is that? " " On the Saint Gothnrd." "And pray why to Andermatt on the Saint Gothanl V " " Because Mrs. Baynes is there." " Oh, by all means." "What makes you say 'by all means?"' asked his mother, sharply. " She's a jolly girl, good looking, and no non sense about her." " Do you think that I would take you to her if that were all ? You know she is a widow. She has her hundred and fifty from what was sunk by Jeremiah when sho married, but that is not oil ; sho lias boon left well provided for by her husband, Mr. Albert Baynes. I know all about it. I got everything out of Salome. I told her how anxious I was about her sister, how pained I was concerning her bereavement, and how I hoped that sho was not loft ill bad circum- stanoos. Salome very openly told mo that sho was very comfortably provided for, ami no stipulation made about marrying again. I know what Salome meant when she lot mo draw that out of her — she meant that you should know; but I then had my eye on Miss Smitlison. However, now that r.-c must go abroad wo may as well kill two birds with ono stone. Besides, as Jeremiah took suoh a lively interest in Janet, lie may be gratified at your marrying her, and not press ine with demands which I could not comply with — which I will not, no, I will not comply with." "But sho is in bad health." " Oil, nothing but sentiment at her husband's death ; besides, if she is delicate, all the better." "I don't see that," said tho captain, feebly disgusted at his mother's hoartlcssnc3s. "Fiddle-faddle," said Mrs, Sidcbottom ; "it is all part of the.btisiness— it goes with widows' cap. "When I lost Sidcbottom I was worn to a shadow and got a cough ; but I began to recover flesh when I went into half mourning, and lost my cough with my weeds. When you nnpear 011 tho scen.o it will bo cod tivcr oil to her.' " It will bo very dull at this placo you speak of." "Of course it will be dull anil hateful, but what will you have ? I sacrifice myself for you. You must get off my hands and shift for yourself ; I liavo had you ns a chnrgo too long. I want to see you well provided for, and as the Smitlison and Jano Mulberry failed you must take the Baynes. I can't toll you.cxaotly what she is worth, hut I will ascertain from Salome, who is thcro, before you oommit yoursolf. Remember, Lamb, we must go. I'caunot stay hero and face Jeremiah." "Why not? It would bo tho most honor able thing to do, and might answer the best in the end." " I cannot do it. Why— how would you feel — how could you foci towards a person who had pronounced you dead, and proceeded to adminis ter ? Much ns a mnn might towards tho sur geon who proceeded to dissect him beforo ho was dead. No, Lamb, I will not remain. I can always write to Jcroniiah, and express my profound astonishment to hoar of his return, and assume an air of injury that I should have been left in tho dark so long. Indeed, I think that will lie the card to play—throw the hlamo on him, and if tho case comes into court, I can lay stress oil this. Wilfully lie allowed no to remain in ignorance of his exiateuoe. Some thing had to bo done. Tim factory would not go on of itself. Tho factory could not be carried on without money. The business would go to pieces unless energetically prosecuted, Jeremiah may feel grateful, and ought to feel grateful to 1110, that I acted witli sucli readiness in tho matter and saved the firm of Pennycomo- quick from ruin. I can bring in a heavy bill against iiim for my service. However, I had rather do this from a distance, auu by letter. I will take the injured tone, and muko him dance to that tune." Mrs. .Sidcbottom was a woman of resource. She never suffered herself to bo discouraged by adversity ; and adver.ity now faced her. wear- ing the mask of her brother returned to life bhe had much energy of character and fertility of invention, which, if she had been a woman of pnnciple, instead of unscrupulous self seeking might have mado her a valuable person in society. She was at present frightened-she had invested some of the money she had drawn to herself from Jeremiah's savings in a manner that promised well ; some she luid lost She neither desired to be called to account for what sho liad squandered, nor to bo forced to reim burse those happy speculations which were likely to place her in easy circumstances. Until she had had good professional advice, and until she knew what licr brother intended, she oonsidored that safety lay in absence. She went about in York, leaving her card and when she saw a friend, she told her that she was off to the Continent for a bit of a change She had not been vory well, and the doctors had insisted on variation of scene and air, and sho felt herself that lifo was too short to spend it 111 one place. Tho world was largo and must bo seen, and those dear,, snowy mountains— they possessed for her a fascination she had struggled against, but had boon unable further to resist -My doar Mrs. J aequo,, you know what anxi- ety and euro I had last your alwufc my poor brother 3 affairs— winding up, you know. I held up through it all, animated by a sense of duty, but it told on me in tho end, and now I am goiii- to relax. I shall spend tho summer in the Alp f and unless I am much bottcrl shall goto Algiers for the winter. Have you any friends who will Vlcr,c next Christmas ? Oil, my dear! to tlunk of Christmas in Algiers ; a hot sun and no plnm pudding !" Mrs. Sidebottom had not the faintest desire to spend a winter in Algiers ; she thought Men- tone, or Florence, or Pau would suit her bettor, according to where she could get into the best society, and she resolved to leave the determina tion to tile future; if she found during tho sum mer people whom it was worth her while hang ing on to, and who were wintering anywhere abroad, sho would attach herself to them. But with that curious crookedness whioh prevails in some natures, she went about asking questions about hotels and pensions at Algiers, keopin- her cars open at the same time to hear of per sons of position who were likely to winter else where. It was possible that, if sho mado it well known that sho would winter in Algiers, ac quaintances would tell her of friends of theirs who were wintering elsewhere. Nor was she wrong. " Oil, I am so sorry you arc not going toMcn- tono ; Sir "William Pickering is going thcro be cause of tho health of dear Lady Pickering. Suoh charming people— you would have liked to jvuuw wium — uuv us you are going to Algiers, of courso I cannot got you acquainted with each other." Mrs. Sidcbottom knew well enough that if she had said she was going to Mcntone, this piece of information would not havo been vouchsafed her. "Oil! Mrs. Sidebottom— youaro visiting Algiers. There is a nice young lady, a niece, going there. She is in a decline. I shall bo eternally obliged to you if you would show her kindness ; sho is badly off, and it wonld be goodness itself if you would just look in now and then and ascertain that she is comfortable and not imposed on." " My dear Mrs. Tomson, yon could not have asked mo to do anything that would have pleased me more — but unfortunately it is not certain I am going to Algiers. If I maka up my mind to go I will write to you for the address of your niceo, and you may rely on me, I will do my utmost for her." This was accompanied by an internal mem.:— Have nothing further to do with Mrs. Tomson. I'm not going abroad to bo anybody's nurse. Heaven forbid. " Oh — Mrs, Sidcbottom I So you ato off to Switzerland and Algiers. Now there could be nothing more opportune. We are going to have a bazaar to raiso money for tho relief of the peasants in France, who have suffered from the war. Would you mind sending as your contri bution a box of charming Swiss carvings and delightful Algerian and Moorish pottery— the latter will sell rapidly and at high prices— yon arc so good and charitable I know you will." " I will oertainly do bo. Rely on me. I intended to havo had a stall ; I will Bond two cases instead " — with a mental mem. : — Forget all about the bazaar till it is over, and then write a proper apology. " Oh — Mrs. Sidebottom ! I've lost my maid again. Aa you are going to Switzerland, will you do me tho fnvo rof looking out for a really service able girl — you know my requirements— and arrange all about trains and so 011, so that she may roach mo safely. Perhaps you would not mind advancing hor journey money, and I will repay it — if she suits, of which I have no doubt. I am determined to have no more English ser vants." Mrs. Sidcbottom found that her acquaintances were eager to make use of her, but then sho had sufficient knowlcdgo of the world to expect that. " Havo you secured through tickets, Lamb?" " Yes, mother." "Then wo are off to-morrow." Chatter XXXVI.— Deposed. Gone as a dream !— that brief period of hope and happiness and comfort. Philip had a dis quieting prospect opening beforo him, a3 dis- ?uietiug as that which drove Mrs. Sidebottom rom England, bnt different in kind. Philip was ready enough to ocoount for every penny, awl return ail the money undiminished which had como to his share. What troubled him was the fearful look out of a roturn to furnished lodgings. Ho saw himself about to bo cast forth from tho elegancies, tho conveniences of life, and east down to its vulgarities and discomforts. Ho saw himself about to bo cast forth from thoele- gancies, the conveniences of life, and cast down to its vulgaritcs and discomforts. Ho saw him self nbout to bo transferred from the cushioned carriage 011 the smooth road, to a buggy 011 a coruuroy way, ail jolts auu kicks ami uiungcs and breakdowns. He was about to uesceud from succulent joints and savory entrc-mets to mutton chops alternating into beef stoaks, from claret to bitter beer, from a place of authority to ono of submission, from progress to stagna tion, from a house of his own over which to range at pleasure to confinement within two rooms, one opening out of the other. Ho must go back to streaky forks, and spoons that at dinner recalled tho egg of breakfast, to knives with adhesive handles and tumblers frosted with finger marks, to mirror frames encased in fly-proof snipped green paper and beaded flower mat, a horsehair sofa, a cruet stand with old crusted mustard and venerable Worcester sauce in it, to wax fruit under a glass shade, as covered with ilust as a Peruvian island with guano, to foldiug doors into tho adjacent bedroom, and to curtains tied back with disoai'ded bounot ribbons. But it would havo been bad enough for Philip, now accustomed to better things, to have had tho prospect beforo him of descending atone ; but he was no longer alone, he had n wife, who, however, was absent, and about whose return ho wn uncertain. And ho had with him tho encumbrance of a baby ; and tho encumbrance of a baby drow with it a train of dissatisfied and departing nurses, ono after another, like the processiou of kings revoalcd to Macbeth iu Hecate's cave. A bubo in a lodging house is as out of place as was tho ancestral Stanley fountain an eagles nest 011 the top of a pine, of which tho family crest prcscrvos a remiiiisconoe. Uncle Jeremiah was restored to strength, moral as well as physical. He no longer thought of his heart, lie allowed it to manago its pulsa tions unconsidered. He was heartily glad that lie had boon saved committing an act of egregious folly, and ha was prepared now to meet Salome without a twinge. Common sense had resumed the place of upper hand, and the temporary disturbance was over for ever. To every man comes at some period after lie lias begun to de cline a great horror of old age, an agonising clutch at tho< pleasures and follic of youth, a time of intoxication when he is not rcsponsiblo for his acts, an intoxication produced by fear lest life with its rose should havo passed ami left only thorns behind and decay. 3Icn whose live have been spent in business, subjected to routine, who have not thought of love and amusement, of laughter and idleness, are sud denly roused to find themselves oid aud stand ing out of the rush of merriment and the sun shine of happiness. Then they make a frantic effort to seize wliat hitherto they havo dospisod, to ling to theirhcarts what they have formerly cast away. It is the St. Luke's summer, a faint reflex of the departed glory and warmth, a last smile beforo the arrival of the wintry gaios. No moment in lifo is so fraught with danger as tliis — at none is there more risk of shipwreck to reputation. Now that Joromiah had passed through this period, ho could survey its risks with a smile and a sense of self pity and a little self con tempt. He who hod always esteemed himself stronghail discovered that he could he weak, and perhaps this lesson had made him more leuiont with tho infirmities of others. He returned to his friend John Dale, looking older by some years, but also more hale. He had touched the earth, but had risen from it stronger than when lie fell. Oil rcaohing Bridlington, he learned from Dale tile state of matters at Mcrgatroyd. "Whilst tiicrc, a lmsty note arrived for Mr. Dale from Salome to say that she was leaving, with licr husband's consent, to bo with ber sister in Switzerland, and both thought they could read between the lines that tiicre had been a frosh difference with Philip. Thereupon Jeremiah went to 3Iergatroyd, and came in unexpectedly and unannounced on Philip. Jeremiah Pcnnycomcquick had not decided what course to pursue with regard to his sister and nephew. He was conscious that he had played tiicm a trick, that lie had put them to a test which he was not justified in applying to them. Ho was angry with botli — with his half-sister for tho precipitation with whioh sho had ac cepted and certified liis death, and witli Philip for his treatment of Salome. He did not dis- guise iroin minseii suae 111s lnccrrcrence ill sitoil a delicate matter as a quarrel, or an estrange ment, between husband and wife might moke the breach worse. When he arrived at 3Icrgatioyd lie had not resolved what oourse to take. Ho sat up half tho night with Philip. "You will find," said tho latter with some pride, " that I havo maintained the business in a healthy condition ; it is not ill the condition it was during tho Continental war, which affected linen as well as other things, bnt that was of its .nature ephemeral. It rests on a sound basis. Go through the books and satisfy yourself. My aunt," there was a tono of bitterness when he added this ; " My aunt watched the conduct of tho factory with a jealous eye, and did not trust my accounts without a (scrutiny. As for what was in tho bank, I can give an account of every penny, and tho securities, such as came to me, aro untouched." "I will look into these matters at my leisure," said Jeremiah, " and if I find that matters are as you say, I will let you down lightly ; only I forewarn you, let down you will lie. And now a word about Salome." "3Iy wife," said Philip, shortly. " Your wife— exactly — but " " Witli regard to my wife, I brook no inter ference," said Philip, haughtily. "The mill is your affair, my domestic relations are my own." "You cry out before you aro hurt," retorted Jeremiah; "I am not about to interfere.. I know that you aro greatly disconcerted at the disoovcry as to tho parentage of your wife." Philip held up his head stiffly and closed his lips tightly. Ho said nothing. "I am not intermeddling," oontiuued Jero- miali, "but I wish you to understand tills; that I havo some claim to speak a word for Salome, whom I have always— that is to say — whom I have looked upon with fatherly regard. Tho two little girls grew up in my house, not a day passed but I saw them ; I rode ihein as infants at my knee, I bought them toys. They ran to meet me — cupboard love, of course — when I came from the mill, bo- causo I had oranges or sweet tilings in my pocket. I took pride in them as they became blooming girls, I saw that they were well taught. After dinner they soothed ine with their mnsic, and when I was dull enlivened mo with their prattle. . nave I tiicn no right to speak a worn for one or tho other ? I have been to them mora than a father. Their father deserted them as soon as they were born," hut I havo nurturod and clothed tlicin, and seen to the development of their minds and the discip lining of their characters. It is absurd of you to deny mc the right to speak. To interfere is not my purpose." " Very well. I will listen." " Then let mo tell you this — I know who their father wa. When Mrs. Cusworth came into this house she very honestly told me the truth about them, aud by my advioc she kept licr counsel. It could do them only harm — cloud tholr joys, to know that they had a disrepu- tablo fatlior. We knew nothing of tho man's subsequent history. He hud disappeared, and might be — a we hoped — dead. But, oven if alive, wo did not suppose bo would caro to oomo in quest of his twin daughters,- and wo trusted should lie do this that ho would not find them. "Wehopod that ha might not conjecture that the children had boon adopted by their aunt and that she had movoil- into Yorkshire to Slorgat- royd. Noithcr Salome nor Janet knew who their father was, or rathor both supposed liiin to bo that worthy man who perished so lament ably in my service. By what moans lio mado tho disoovcry and got on their track I do not know, and I hardly care to know. If I could take into my house the childron of such a man, it liardly booomcs you " l'liilii) interrupted his uncle. " That fellow Schofiold never injured you au lie did my father. Ho not only ruined him, but ho also was tho causo of his cstrangomcnt from you, or, rather, yours from liiin." "Boor tho man what grudgo you will," said Joromiali, hastily, " but do not visit his offences on tho head of his unoffending ohild." rhilip stood up. Ho wis angry, hut uot to be moved from his stiffness of manner. " I think, " said he, " you will bo tired. I am. and probably bed is the best placo for both. As this is now your house, and 1 am an intruder in it, I must ask permission to occupy my room for to-night." Jeremiah laughed. "And you— a lawyer! 3Vliy you arc in legal possession, and till there is a reversal of tho sentence of the Probate Court, I havo no more rights than a ghost. No— I um your guost," Philip retired to his 100111. Tho words of Jeremiah, charging him with visiting the offences of tho father on tiio unoffending ohild, were but the lepetition of hie own self reproaoh. but for that very reason loss endurable. It is tba truth of a charge which gives it it sting. A man will endure to say to himself what he will not tolerate to be said to him by another. He went to his room, but not to bed. He sat at the window, wiiero Salome had sat, in tho same ciiair, thinking with dark brow anil set lips. In one tiling, his self esteem was encouraged. His uncle would sec and be forced to acknowledge how thoroughly ho had mastered tlio technicalities of the business and with what order and prudence he had carried it on. He need not shrink from the closest examination into his conduct of tho factory. Everything was in order, the books well kept, several contracts in hand. His uncle might dismiss him, but ho could not say a word against his integrity and business habits. He had taken to himself nothing bnt what Mrs. Sidebottom, as adminis tratrix, bail passed over to him. And as to his uncle's disappearance, lie had done nothing as to the identification of the wrong body; he had held himself neutral, a incapable of forming nn opinion from inadequate acquaintance with his uncle. If blame was to bo cast, it must fall heavily on 3Irs. Sidcbottom, but none would rest 011 him. But— how about the future? Philip now refilled tho discomfiture, the monotonies, the irritations of lodging house life. Gould he go back to that? If hi uncle offered to retain him iu his house, could iic consent? His. prido counselled him to go, his love of comfort to remain. Uncle Jeremiah liadnotinvitcd him torcmain, but Philip thought it likely that he might. His prido was galled in many waye. It would be most painful to him to continue at the factory, in which he had been a master, henceforth in a subordinate position. Should he return to the solicitors firm at Nottingham in whiqli he had boon before? That his services there wore valued ho was well aware, that his resignation of a clerkship therein had caused annoyance he was well aware; he knew, _ however, that his place was filled, and that if he returned to the office, ho would ha obliged to take a lower desk. He might, and probably would be advanced, but that would require patience, and he must wait till a vacancy occurred. Besides, it would be a humiliation to have to solicit readmission, after he had left the office on stilts, as one who had come into a fortune. Then — what was to be done about his wife ? He could not maintain her mid licr child on a junior clerk's wage. Moreover, ho had sent her away when I10 occupied a lofty moral platform, because connection with her sullied the fair name of Pcnnycomequiek, and might injure the firm; and now that I10 110 longer belonged to tho firm, but was a poor clerk of 110 consequence in the world, was ho to write to her a letter of humble apology, and ask her to return and share the beggary of a clerk's life in furnished lodgings with him, to unite with him in tile long doleful hattlo against landladies ? He had little douhttliatUncle Jeremiah would propose to make Salome an allowance, and that 011 this allowance together with his salary tbey might be able to rub along. But to accept such relief from Uncle Jeremiah, granted through his wife — his wife whom he had snubbed and thrust away — was not pleasant to contemplate. "Whatever way Philip considered the meal set before liiin, he saw only humble pic, and humble pie is the least appetising of dishes. Philip approached it as a sulky child docs a morsel which his nurse requires him to cat, without consuming which lie must expect no pudding. Ho walked round it, he looked at it from near, then he drow back and considered it at long range, then he touched it, then smelt it, then turned his back on it, then— with a grumble— began to pick a few crumbs off it and put them between liis lips. He went to bed at last, unresolved angry with himself, angry with Salome, angry with his uncle, and angry with the baby who was nobbing in tho nursery. Philip's cxpcricnocs had all been made in spiral form, they weroeverturiiingabont himself, and though each revolution attained a higher Invel, it was still made about tho same centre. There is a family likeness in minds as well as in noses and eyes and hair ; anil iu this Philip resembled his aunt, but with the difference that he was governed by a strong sense of rectitude, and that nothing would in duce him to deviate from what he believed to be just, whereas his aunt's principles svoro flexible, and governed only by her own interests. In these days in which we live, socialism is in the air, that is to say, it is talked of and pro fessed, but whether by any is practised I am in clined to question. For socialism I take to mean everyone for everyone else, and no one for himself, and this is a condition con trary to tho nature of man, for men are all more or less water spouts, vortices, attracting to themsclvc swhatcvcr comes within their reach, and to be actuated by a centrifugal, not a centripetal force i the negative of indivi duality. Wo stalk our way over tho ocean, drawing up through our skirts every drop of water, overy seaweed, and crab and fish aud mollusc that wo can touch, and whirl them round and round our selves, and only cast them away and distribute them to others when they aro of no more uso to our.ielve. Every climatic zono through which Philip had passed lind served to feed and build up the column of his self esteem ; the rugged weather in furnished lodgings, aud the still sea into which he had entered by his uncle's death, and by his marriage. Nothing had broken it down, dtssolvcd its continuity, dissipated its force. At sea, when a vessel encounters a waterspout, it dissliarges ordnance, and the vibration of tho atmosphere caused by the explosion snaps the column and it goes to pieces. But would the shook caused by the return of unclo Jeremiah, and the loss of position and wealth that this entailed, suffice to break tho pillar of self esteem that constituted Philip Pennycomequick? Hardly ; for though touched in many ways, lie could hold up liis head consciousof liis rectitude, he had managed the mill admirably, kept tho accounts accurately, adapted himself to tho new requirements perfectly. He could, when called upon give up his place, but he would march forth with all the honors of war. 