Topical Sketches. Br' EnzA Soo: ; FAMILY.I MARKETINoG. At timhnes,in the past quarter of scentur" I: haver. had much .quiet fun in" doing ' marketing for my extensive householdbut' I have found that one thing has lrouight 'on another, and liatexpeec nibfni that I dd the buyo g o f:er?eything. From thyex'peri ence I should advise -every man who.:la symptoms of lecdiing-great and influential and a leader among men; t:leave the family, iarketing to the females, as we of the sterner '?e? ait tp t?'forget thingse te 'it is 'onlyta miatteroftime when'a number six headw'wil get too ,full, and bulge out at the corners. To try to thi?lk bf some glittteiingarticle for a newspaper,- and to have the great and bnoble thoughts get mixed up with .hairpins and'saveloys, is not encouraging to ,thd author. Under such circumstances lie can. notdo the editorial or the saveloy justiceo If the editorial takes possession of his brain as it ought, the butcher can work off on him an inferior kind of sausage, and hoewill never know the difference until the family, refuse .tp"artake of it, and he never knows wheat is the matter till his young son at. the table begins 'to whistle, and pulls .a piece of saveloy toward him by a fna string, which he- has tied to it unobseried. There is nothing that" will cause' a man greater asto?ishment than to be thinking real hard, and be'brought back to mbther earth by a low whistle, nid; seea 'link"of'sausage delibeiatelj craiil off the plte and go across .the table to 'semall boy, who pata it on the head, anl says, ",Poor fellow I" "A saveloy with astring to it is.not a'joy forever. '"So much-for prelide.. Now let me empty'the ashes of myi uflfings into your dust-hole of .a minil,dear reader. One night TI drssesd up in my best'ind started out for a suburban shivoo, which cornisted of aliazaar amd some speechifying. On the way there I passed a grocer's shop, and it occurred to me that I had ieen. told to buy something,-and I went into the place and sat down on a barrel to thisik hat~ it was. The:proprietor said it was a finue evening, and, aftermature deliberation, with my forefinger on my corrugated brow, Isaid it was. :He askedme if there was anything he could do.for me, and I told him I.wanted to make a purchase, and he stood over me waitin for the order. My face became :a beantiful mahogany bay, my undergarments' tuckto , and finally, becasel could not think of anything else, I bought a saveloy and stuck it in my vest pocket, anid went to the bazaar. 'Th-re ii 'ilittle stage in the hall, and I at once went on to it, and a girl, who was-ili?t tbsinasolo,,tiirned pale as a ghost as I came near her, and went off behind the scenes. I .never knew eiactly what made a saveloy smell so- much,:but there is no disguising the fact that i?? hils: a smell which outranks our sewage system, and when it'is damp with perspiration the odorwill stopa clock. Of course I liad for gotten that I had a saveloy-in my pocket; and therefore was as innocent as posaible. There were several speakers' on the. stage with me, and I noticedl that they looked at each other, and then whispered to the -man ager, who got up and opened a window at the back of the stage. The lady sang first,t but she was evidently suffering, and then aman recited a poem, but 'he didn't seem well. Tlce manager took me forward and intro duced me to-thocrowd, and thiefolksstopped selling raffle tickets, and, stood, aroundto hear me orate. The manager looked-at' me as though at a loss to account for the 'odor' of sanctity about my person, and -then he went to the window, and leaned out in the attitude of prayer. When I had finished talking, I weht down from the stageand mingled aniong the visitors, andasgirl came up to me to sell a chance on a :book mark. Her cheeks ?were-as red as roses, her eyes black as midnight, and the smile on herface would cause -a -man 'to commitC-murder.: That was when I first saw her. Afteri she had talkediith-ne a momentontlie subject of book-marks, and how nice it would be far me to secure the first prize, the color-left her face, her black eyes turned blue,. the smile disappeared, 'her teeth became loose, her hair began to drop out, and as-I-pulled a half-crown out of -the vest pocket 'where the saveloy was resting, and handed ?it to her, .she fell back in tho arms of a lady friend, and said, "Take me away, andhaive? me vaccinated' I could readily see ow a girl might be paralysed by my shape, but. whyshe should fail ill, and want'to be vaccinated, I could not understand. ' Little children who were selling chances became shy of me, and when I wentto speak to the soprano and compliment her on her singing, she and two other young ladies held handkerchiefs to their noses, and got behind: a stall. I went and found the manager to congratulate him on the auspicious opening of the bazaar, and he was the only one that would remain nearme, and I am sure it was a great sacrifice to him. 1 heard he was quite sick afterwards. Well, I -ent home late that night, and hung my vest in a cabinet, and forgot about it, but in a few days I was asked to send up the plumbers to look for sew:er gas. Frontm time to time, during the next month, the plumbers had ripped out all the plumbing and plmnbed everything new, and still the smell eas about the house. The Medical Congreer wa. cdletd in, and they favoured teariug the house down, and that would have been done but for the fact that the vest was discovered tolbe the cause of the trouble. It was carried out in the back yard with a pair of tongs, and as they were about to pour kerosene on it, and set it on fire, I happened to thinkof the snull change in the pocket, and I felt there and found the saveloy. And, do you know, as Frank Thornton says, the family would not use that saveloy. They said it was not good. To sme it smelled as good as any saveloy I ever bought. But it broke use off fancily marketing, and I have iine assiduously devoted myself to seden tairy ursuits, atld carefully eschewed save loys ud--and bazaars. 