HEIR 0? STRATHSPEY TOWERS. lit/ Emma Garrison Jones. CHAfTEK XIX. THE UOl'STESS KETUKS: ■The still hud drooped out of sight and Iho dusky mantle of twilight hung over the Alpine summits, before the Countess of Strathspey ruturned to the spot where •Colonel Yerney awaited her. Tiie olficer was smoking fiercely and growing desperately impatient, yet his sphinx-like face was cool and smiling and his manner the very perfection of thorough bred politeness. Ho gave the lady one keen glance as she approached him, and made up his mind Lliat she had not seen her husband, and knew nothing of his having followed her; and ho concluded not to enlighten her,hut to get her on the homeward route mid leave her to settle it With the earl as best she could. lie sighed, and hi3 eyes softened as he looked down on her fragile, child-like beauty. How he had loved her once ! And now she had nut the p Aver to stir his heart, save with a brother’s tender He was thoroughly in love with liis brilliant jiau<:ce, Miss .Julia Beresfurd, independent of her ten thousand a Lord Strathspey was a fool, if he had only been wise enough to know it. Ladj' Strathspey’s face wrs flushed and eager, and sho clutched a little package in both hands, as if it were an invaluable treasure. “AYell, Lady Strathspey,” said the colonel, as he handed her into the vehicle, “ I trust you have met with stic “Tlie child is mine, Colonel Yerney," die replied solemnly, 11 he has the Strathspey birthmark on his right arm— he is my child, my babe, that was stolen from mo.” “1 have no doubt of it, madam, but ' I’m afraid you’ll find it difficult so- prove it," replied the colonel ; “ the other boy, you say, lias Llio birth-mark, too?” 1 “Yes, he has! Poor little boy, I am ' very fond of him, and he shall always be is my own,” she said, with emotion ; “but iny own boy, in the valley yonder, Lord Strathspey’s true son, shall be the ieir.” “But, my dear lady,” continued the jolonel, as they sped along through the deepening twilight, “ how do you pur pose bringing this about ? Have you 'luQieient proofs to convince your 11113 hand, and establish the child's claims V” „ “1 lufvo the child’s clothes.” sho said, clasping the little package to her bosom, •‘the same he had on when the}’found .Wmunder the milch-goat. Only a plain ■«lip and a quilted flannel cloak, but I thought I would take them.” 1 “ 1 hope you’ll succeed, but really it , looks very doubtful,” responded the ‘ practical colonel. 1* “ I know it docs ; but heaven will help me, Colonel Verncy. He sent me to iyv : child; and 1 shall look to Providence for ' : help and direction. I never will abandon i my purpose, never while I have life and i reason. My boy shall bo his father’s j lieir, if it costs me my life and happi j Her pale face glowed in tho twilight, ' with the light of inspiration and death j less determination. t Colonel Verney regarded her with ad i miring ivondor. $ “1 beg your pardon,Lady Strathspey, ’ a he said at last; “ but I am older than -1 you and wiser in experience ; allow file 3 to advise you to tell youv husband every i thing as soon as ybu meet him ; conceal •! ment between man and wife is like play ing with ecfged toolf.” | “ Yes,” she responded ; “ but-l want to spare my dear husband all the anxiety and suspense 1 can. A3 soon as 1 can sec my way clear-” “ But you may cause him far deeper anxiety, in regard to yuursclf, in the meantime," interrupted the ollicor; lie may misconstrue your motives and •She turned upon him, her blue eyes blazing in the gloom. “.Misconstrue mv actions? What do yon mean, Colonel Verney V My husband docs not mistrust me, would not, under any circumstances. How dare you in sinuate such an impossibility’ ?” “I beg your pardon, you will see one day that i am right, and have your wel fare at heart. And now, are we to lind lodgings for the night, or to start on our journey at once ?” “Oh, start at once by all,, lhanns," cried the countess; we have not a mo ment to lose. I must get homo before my’ husband returns from London.” “ Poor thing,” sighed the colonel; “it will be a cruel blow 1” They proceeded at onco into Prance, and, having scon her ladyship safely on board the Hover steamer, Colonel Verney went on to Paris to see his sick friend, wishing in I113 inmost heart that his friend had been at the antipodes before lit sent the message that caused him to start on such an ill-starretl journey. Tho countess reached Sevonoaks before the arrival of her husband, and found her household all in good order, and her guests making themselres comfortable. She felt intensely’ thankful and oc cupied the following day in making a con cise statement concerning the child she believed to he her own, to be put in the hands of Sir Henry Galbraith, her solici ~~She was very determined and very anxious to have the matter investigated at the earliest moment. Pondering over Colonel Yerncy’s ad vice, she concluded at last to tell her hus band everything, and if possible to enlist lib sympathies aiid-co-operation. But her husband did not return 1 A week went by! Another followed, and still be was absent. The shooting season was famous, but the carl's friends began to think that their host was treating them rather shabbily’, and one by one took tlieir flight. The countess grew anxious and tele graphed to London, and, to her utter con storuntimi she learned that the carl had not been seen. She telegraphed a second time, to his club address, and to his sister, Lady Nevill, with no better success. It was evident that the earl had not •been in London. Tho poor wife's anxiety knew 110 hounds. She forgot her child and every thing else in her fear for tire husband she Weil so well, and was just on tlio point of starting for London herself to learn what had become of him, when he, all at once, made his appearance. Judith met him in the hall, onliis first arrival, and stood still iu wonderful hor ror. No grave-yard ghost ever looked more ghastly. Hocovering her wits in an instant, and divining that something terrible had be fallen him, she lied like the wind to her lady's chamber. The countess was read ing, or making a pretence to do so, but she looked up as Judith entered. “ Well, what is it ?” she ijuostioned, seeing in the girl's face that she brought some intelligence. “My lady, Lord Strathspey lias The countess sprang to her feet. “ Oh, thunk I-Ioaven 1” she cried, “where is he? Where is my darling husband ?” She was about to rush out in search of him iu her joy, but Judith caught at her “One moment, my lady,” she im plored, “1 think my lord is ill—or—or —something lias happened—do not go just yet.” But the anxious wifo shook her oil. “is he ill? Stand out of my way, Judith, lot me go to him.” Shu freed herself from the girl's de taining hands, and turned towards the door again, and there, face to face; aho met her husband. 