Flamenka. By £lv K. Francillon, Author of ' King or Knave, ' Olympia,' &c.; j Chapter VIII. j I was brought face to face with her— she on one side of the slab of rock, I on the other. Not knowing what could possibly be about to happen, 1 could only look steadily and gravely into her eyes, which, I thought, were not at ease in meeting mine. At last she spoke, but in a low voice; and I noticed that, despite tbe deep brown of her skin, she was deadly pale. 44 Do you know me — now ?' ' No more than ever,' I answered. ' 1 am here at your biddings ? ' ' Do you remember Erdelyi S find or?' ' What !' I exclaimed. ' You mean the biigand ? who ? ' ' Enough. I see you remember. Cannot you tell who I am — now ?' \- ' Great heaven, no !' 'Great heaven rather that any man— even you — should not know the woman who alone I can be ! You, so wise in talk about gratitude and vengeance — you need to be told that the whole world is wide enough for you to hide in, while Flamenka is alive f' ' Flamenka— you ?' ' I. We once had a long talk together, you and I; we will finish now, once for all.' She had grown so pale that J thought she was about to faint; but she brought herself to with a visible effort, and proceeded, in a cold and passionless monotone, in which, however, it waB just possible to trace a faint vibration. ' When — he — was taken, I swore upon the Cross, and the Koran, upon Fire and Water, that I would exact life for life; that whoever tookthe life of Sandor thould give me his life, and that in whatever manner S&ndor; died, so should his murderer also die- and by my own hand. . Had you been a soldier I would have fought you hand to hand. Being what you are — you will seat yourself in the hollow of that great stone and X shall take your head with my sword, even as his head was taken by yonrs.' ' But what have I ' — I was beginning ? ' No. It is useless for yon to speak of mercy or ransom. Ah, it was terrible when I thought that death was going to save you from yeitngeance. But fortune was not so cruel. I wrestled with death for - you, and I prevailed ? ' ' You mean,' I could only ask, as calmly as bewil derment allowed me, ' that you saved my lite only in . order that you might take it in your own way ? But even so, what have I to do with Erdelyi Sandor? With one who is no more than a name to me ?' ' You look me in the face and deny that his head did not fall by your sword?' 'And dp you take me for an executioner— me ?' ' Yon deny it ? Very well ; you shall have a fair trial. Here are your judges,' she said, in a stronger voice, pointing out her subjects by a majestic sweep of the arm, 'and here am I, your accuser, and the witness against yon. Men,' she said, in a voice that must have been distinctly heard to the utmost verge of the circle, ' I went to Koros in order to meet with my enemy and to bring him into my power. 1 heard he frequented a certain garden ; there I went, ' and there he was pointed out to me. I dropped a purse, giving Mannoch orders to lift it in his sight, so that he might rescue it and return it to me. Mannoch went beyond his orders, for which he will be punished when his turn comes. Never, for one moment, was this man out of my sight till he was safe in the charge of one who could excite no suspicion, and who, knowing nothing, could tell him nothing. He nearly died of Mannoch's knife. I strove, I prayed that he might not escape what I hud vowel, in his fever he did nothing but rave of his trade — of necks and swords of justice. You, his judges, is he the man ? Yes or no ?' A sullen murmur rose from the circle. ' They 6ay yes. Hut I will give you one chance more. Mannoch ! You saw Sandor me. ... Is this the man?' My enemy had come forward. ' That is he,' he said, with a flash of the eyes that I could not misread. 'You swear it ?' ' ' I swear that this is the man who beheaded Erdelyi Sandor,' he answered, ' You hear,' said she. ' Oh why, why,' she sud denly burst out, (-did you not take the liberty I gave , you when I left Koros ? Why 'did you obey the sum mons which it was madness to obey ? Why have you forced me to keep my vow?' ' Because I wished to think myself a gentleman,' I said, as coldly as I could. ' Because 1 owed you a debt.' 'What! for nothing more than that ?' she went on, quickly, and with what seemed like growing rage. '? Only to keep a wretched promise to a woman 'r You did no't come, then, because I called you ? If I had been some hideous old bag you would have come just the same ?' 44 1 hope so,' I answered; and I hope, at least, that my answer was strictly true. 41 Then — then it is fate that condemns you,' she cried out, with a very passion of scorn. _ 'Not even I can help a ? fool. You say that life is the only thing you — love. Bid it farewell. Seat yourself. My vow has been fate. .... . Mannoch, my sword.' She W8s right ; life was very dear. I was clearly the victim of some incomprehensible blunder ; but, no less clearly, to resist would be as vain as to argue or to plead. No— never had life seemed to well worth living. But there was still one thing left to be lived for, and that was to bethink me of my English birth and to die with dignity. Even the gypsy bandit, to whose ghost I was being sacrificed, had. done so much. I would have escaped if I could ; but as 1 had less chance of that than if I had been under the claws of a tigress, I composed myself, and made Flamenka luy best bow. 1 wanted to leave her a last word but none would come. 44 Presently,' she said to a man who just then cauie up and said something to her in a low voice, 44 1 cannot attend to them now ? Wait, though : it may be well for him to see how we do justice. Then we will set him free without a ransom, on condition that he shall tell how Erdelyi Sandor was avenged. Give the new prisoner a good place— a place of honour. . . And — Now !' I looked round to see who might be my fellow cap tive; but in vain. A couple of the bandits offered to help me with my toilette; but I made a point of declining, bared my neck, and seated myself as com | fortabiy as I could ; I trust 1 showed no fenr. Hut it ! was a dreadful moment ; try to put jourself in my place — do not ask me to put myself into it again. . . Flamenka came forward, with Uplifted sword; 1 did not see, but felt its gleam. And I heard her diaw a hard sigh, almost a groan. Why did not the sword fall ? And yet I am sure it fell, for I felt a sharp wind on my flesh - so cold that, for a moment, I took it for the sharpness of steel. And, oh ! what a horrible hush there was all round ; and what a blinding mist of crimson filled the air. I was ceasing to breathe before I knew that the sword swung upward again ; I was ceasing to care. ' lsten anya /' exclaimed a man's voice. ' What a bungle ! Madam, it is impossible to strike straight if one shuts one's eyes. And AngyaVs kzenlek ! What a way to hold a sword of justice ! One would take you for the pupil of a hussar !' '? Wliat means this?' I heard Flamenka through the mist. 'Who are you?' 44 Ycu will pardon me, Madame, for interrupting you at the critical moment; it is not etiquette, I am aware. But to one who understands things, it goes to the heart to see them bungled; md, what is more, i wili not see them bungled. I have no doubt ihat the sentence of the Court is thoroughly unjust, but that is not my busi- ' ness. 1 am an artist, not a critie. Since this gentle man must die, spare him, at least, the cruelty— I may say the disgrace — of being decapitated by an amateur — and a heads-woman ! There is no precedent for such a thing— none. For Heaven's sake, put my ransom at what you will, but do not condemn me to see a man beheaded by a woman— a woman who shuts her eyes ! Permit me to act, for his sake and for mine. You shati see how things are done when an artist does them. And, what is more, I have a proper sword— my own ; for I was on my way to perform an operation at Lagos when I was forced to accept the hospitality of this good company.' ' You are yourself a headsman ?' ' I have that honour. But — I&ten; Anya ! Mein Herr — I knew it ; I read it in the garden at Koros. We have met again ! ' He was addressing me. ... ' You are yourself a headsman ? repeated Andras M&ri; ; no — Flamenka I have to call her now. Andras M&ri; was no more. 'A headsman? Sze»tek,s Angyl! I am .the Heads man of Koros; I am Vitez Boldieir !' he answered, with all an artist* s pride. A sob seemed to tear Flamenka's bosom ; but the cry that came with it was surely one of gladness. My brain was still swimming, but the mist before my eyes was melting, so that I could see. 44 It has been written !' cried Flamenka, exultingly. ' The stare have delivered you into my hands— it is no longer my will, but theirs. I have mistaken— thank Heaven ! — but not they! Vitez Boldisar, murderer of Erdelyi, prepare to die, like him !' I turned sick, as I saw him turn pale. ' I see,' he said at last. ' This iB not a case, then, of ransom?' ' Not all the treasure of the Empire,' said she, ' would outweigh my vow.' ' Thia is horrible!' I could not help en ing out. ' Maxi — Flamenka, whoever you are, woman, 'or witch, or fiend, you see what a mistake vengeance has already led you into; beware that this is not a worse one still ! My life youhad made yours, by having given it me back —in a way ; but this man's is not yours. He was doing his duty when— will his death bring your husband to life ? The stars, indeed ! Are they slaves to onr mad paBBions ? Woman — I have been talking face to face with Death. But a moment ago I saw the colour of his mantle, and felt his breath upon me. I have been nearer to thestars than you, with all your magic, ever were. And, in their name, I command you — yes, com mand you, to let this man go.' Heaven knows what made me burst out in such a fashion as that, or whence came my words ; or how long it was before she answered me. But it was a long time. It. was .so long as to almost make me hope that my will, after all, was stronger than here. ' No !' she said, at last. 'If I am false and faith less to Sandor in heart, it is not you who must turn me — you, least of all! So—' 'Don't trouble yourself, Mein Herr,' said Yitez. ' It is very kind of you ; but I see most things ; and I see that the lady feels bound to pay her debt in full to her first lover before her conscience will allow her to take a second. Well, consciences are queer things, and so are women ; and so, for that matter, are men. It's a pity that I should be the debt which has to be paid ; but one must die some time ; and I assure you there is no better way of dying than on the scaffold— none. I almost envied Endelyi Sandor, to be operated upon so skilfully. Skilfully— ah, that's what hurts me : that I, I should be a corpus vile, for a blundering woman to try her hand on. Madam, do not put the ablest heads man in Hungary to the shame of assisting at a bungle. It made me creep to see the clumsy style in which you were .about to operate upon this gentleman. Fortu nately, yon will now have a proper sword ; and I assure you that more depends upon the weapon than you may be aware ? Allow me. Let me arrange it for j;ou. There— keep your fingers upon the hilt precisely like that. Bah ! Don't clutch it in that stupid way ; the sword of justice isn't a carving-knife, Madam. Probably, as a novice, you won't do much execution at the first stroke. I should like to put you through a course of cabbage-heads for half an hour. No ? Then, with your sword poised so, fix your eyes hard upon the exact spot where you will strike, and never move them. That's the worst fault of all novices — shifting the eyes. And now I'll tell you the great secret of all. The human neck, Madame, is a very beautiful instrument, admirably adapted for a hundred purposes, but espe cially for being severed by an expert swordsman. Now, examine mine, while I explain. The spine, as vou are aware, is the column of bones which, in th'e erect posture, supports the head on its summit, «*»«- consists of exactly four-and-twenty vertebra?. Of these, tbe upper seven are called cervical ; and it is with gentlemen— I mean Madam — to which I have to call your attention. The cervical vertebra-, as seen fr- m behind and above ? ' I said, when I first spoke ot him, that I could not make him out at all. Still less could 1 now— a man who was lecturing on the best way of cutting off his own head as coolly as if he were taking a class in a . school of medicine. I verily believe that he was think ing of himself only as a subject, and that even to him there was something transcendently better than life — that is to 6ay, the performance of an operation with dectnt and reasonable dexterity. Never in my life had 1 seen such coolness. Nor was it the coolness of the philosophic apathy which sometimes passes for courage. It was that of eager interest : that of one to whom his work is supreme. But ? *' Enough,' said Flamenka, signing him to the seat from which I had risen. And, as she spoke, she looked at me with the whole depth and war of her eyes, as if her will were calling upon its utmost strength to wage a crowning battle with mine. IX. There was a sudden commotion at the edge of a crowd ; the dead silence was broken by shouts and cries. . For a moment 1 thought that even these brigands were mutinying against a scene which re sembled some savage heathen sacrifice, and which the bebavinur of the victim rendered jet more ghastly. He — and I am positive it was not bravado — had crossed one leg over ihe other, and having taken out a book, was quietly reading it, whiie waiting for the blow. But Flamenka and 1 looked forth across the hollow. And then, more loudly and more fiercely rose the shouts into yells of rage and terror, as a troop of Hussars rode on at a quick trot through the broken circle, using their sabres as they came. It was a surprise ; and it was smartly done. The brigands, thrown into a panic by the onset, fled in every direction ; and, as the ground cleared, ray heart leaped to recognise my friend Phil in front of the Hustarf. He must have escaped, then, from the ambus-h ; he must have fallen upun help and rescue by by one of those chances which are always befriending those who make a point of throwing chances away. . 44 They're safe, the horses — both of 'em,' he shouted at me as soon as he came within hail. A bullel whistled past my ear ; and the last I saw of Maunoch was his disappearance into the copse towards the cave. The headsman rose from his scat, pocketed his look, and wiped his brow. Only Flamenka did not move. 44 The stars refuse faithless vows,' she said, looking at me as if with her wbole soul. 41 1 — hate — you— you who have made my heart fake to Sandor ! You, who have robbed him of all that was left him— Love and Revenge ! I go where I can be false no more.' Something flashed in her hand. One last shot ; and neither Life nor Death concerned Flamenka any more. THE END. 