TALE. Faithful Unto Death. CHAPTER I. It is the year of our Lord 1660. The little Plymouth settlement, made up of unflinching men and devoted women, has gained a small but sure foothold on American soil. Rendered comparatively safe from the encroachments of the Indians on the one side and the Dutch on the other by the league, offensive and defen- sive, which had been formed in 1643 under the name of the United Colonies of New England, they have set steadily to work to establish cities and a government for them- selves; and after the first few years of depri- vation they have succeeded in planting a small but flourishing colony subject to Charles II, who has just been restored to the throne of England. Since 1656 the Plymouth settlers have been waging a hot warfare against the Quakers, and with their stern Governor, John Endicott, at their head, have perpetrated worse and worse cruelties upon them. Perhaps the un- provoked outrages committed against this innocent socieiy culminated in 1659, when the sentence of death was pronounced against three of their number. The Government, in October, 1656, and again in 1657 and 1658, enacted special laws for the suppression of these heretics, and the over-zealous Puritans were only too eager to enforce them. With that same spirit of unreasoning exaction and ruthless oppression which they had condemned in the clergy of the mother country, they visited all sorts of judgments upon the un- happy Friends. Fines were imposed contin- ually, whipping was a common punishment, and several lost an ear as a penalty for non- conformity to the laws. Let us take a peep at a little Puritan vil- lage lying just outside Boston, as it basks in the genial sun of an October afternoon. A few houses of board, and many of unhewn logs straggle up a low, gently-sloping hill. Here and there a rudely-built chimney testfied to the advanced ideas of some farmer; but most of the community hold tenaciously to an ancient prejudice against them, affirming that 'smoke improves their health, and hardens the timbers of their houses.' Before some of the houses were plats of aster and sunflowers, joyously drinking in the warm sunshine, which had grown mellow and rich, like old wine, after the long, fierce siege of summer. Clumps or golden-red dot the undulating meadow lands and dusty roadsides like tongues of yellow flame. Apple orchards hung with glowing ripe fruit, now and then break the silence by dropping a plump pippin or russet into the grasp. Only the men and oxen, la- bouring in the distant fields, disturb the hushed tranquility of the sceen. All else speaks of placid, repose and happiness. On the outskirts of the little settlement, nestling against a grove of pines, stands a log house, unevenly fashioned and rudely finished, the least pretentious in the neigh- borhood. A poor apology for a home would it be, indeed, were it not for the clambering vines which have twined themselves around the unhewn pillars of the porch and clung and spread themselves abroad over the roof. The sweet-smelling apple orchard and the well-tended bed of herbs, of the sorts in which our great-grandmothers delighted, give the place a home-like aspect, and a bed of nasturtiums blaze with orange and red close to the door. As we look a girl of perhaps twenty emerges from the door and stands for a moment looking down the road, with her hand shading her eyes. She is dressed with the utmost simplicity, in the garb of the Quakers, but her plain gray gown, destitute of either drapery or adornment, reveals the contour of a slender and graceful figure, while the coarse but snowy kerchief crossed over her bosom serves to deepen the delicate tint of her lips and checks. But it is not these charms, nor the soft gray eves, nor the waving golden hair that makes Deliverance Sothwicke beautiful. Her beauty is rather spiritual. The sweet peace of a pure spirit shines from her eyes, and light up her features with that holy joy which enhances their natural beauty. Her face is one which might fit into some rare old painting of the saints, with a martyr's crown resting upon the brow; for the strength and beauty of her character have come through suffering, and hardship, and deprivation and she has come out of the fire like gold tried in the smelter's furnace. As she still looks down the road a quick carmine flashes into her cheeks, and she hastily turns about and busies her hands with the clambering vine, plucking the leaves with a tense, nervous grasp which crushes them in her fingers. She feigns abstraction until a deep manly voice bids her look around. Christopher Burden, the young Puritan, stands at the steps of the porch waiting for an invitation to enter. His broad-brimmed hat shades a stern, though not unkindly face. The expression which now gives it strength and character might, under favorable con- ditions, stiffen into austerity. It is the shadow of that obstinate persistence which led his father, forty years before, to embark in the Mayflower with that dauntless hand- ful of men who set sail for a land full of un- known dangers. His wide cape, with its broad, rolling collar, is thrown carelessly over his strong shoulders and hangs nearly to his knees, relieving the somewhat ungraceful effect of the loose knee-breeches. His brown stockings are fine and well fitting, and the buckles to his shoes are as large and highly polished as his exacting conscience will per- mit. 'Come in, friend Christopher,' said Deliver- ance, with a pretty simplicity of manner which accorded charmingly with her plain dregs and rustic surroundings. 'Thee looks tired out.' 'Thanks. The coolness of the porch tempts my tired limbs, and it would please me much to talk with you. Hold, do not trouble to get a chair for me; this shady step is a luxurious resting-place for a weary man.' He sat down on the step. The girl re- mained standing, regarding him shyly but wistfully, as he fanned himself absently with his hat and gazed out over the land- scape. 'Have thy wrestlings at last convinced thee of the error of thy ways, friend Chris- topher?' she asked at length; 'and hast thou come to tell me the good news?' 'No,' said Christopher, wiping his brow with a perplexed and uneasy gesture. 'My heart still clings to the religion of my father; but I yet miss something in it which you seem to possess.' 'Ah,' exclaimed Deliverance, eagerly, 'thou hast adopted the letter of the law only, and so hath missed the light which shineth for all men. Hast thou not read in John's Gospel how that light shone in the darkness and the darkness comprehended it not; and how that was the true light that lighteneth every man that cometh unto the world? Only let it shine on thy doubt, and thy doubt will vanish.' 'But I cannot believe in a religion which denies the holy symbols and ordinances which God has enjoined upon us. It is there that I cannot it in my heart to accept thy view.' 'Nay, thou hast not heard rightly of our doctrines, perchance. We only deny the out- ward forms which were not necessary after the coming of our Lord. Thou wilt find our doctrine manifested in the holy word where John the Baptist spake; 'I baptize you with water, but there cometh one after me who shall babtize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire.' Verily there can be no sav- ing grace in outward ceremonies; it is the letter which killeth and the spirit which quickeneth.' 'Surely these are knotty questions,' said Christopher, fain, to be convinced by this fair and earnest advocate, but unable easily to shake himself loose from the creed in which he had been reared. ' The inner grace is fan- ned to a flame by means of the outward sym- bols. We must have something beside an inner passion to live by. What would be- come of our country and its laws if strong men did not enforce outward as well as inward obediences to them? We need the letter of the law.' 'Yea, friend,' replied Deliverance, her thoughts turned in a new direction; 'but what dost thou think of a government that upholds the selling of innocent children to pay a debt? Surely thee rememberest little Daniel and Provided Sothwicke, who so nar- rowly escaped being sold to slavery in Bar- badoes last year. Such a government cannot prosper.' 'It is true,' said Christopher, 'that our government is earthly and for that reason faulty; but we must bear in mind that a government is for the mass. It may render justice in the aggregate and yet sometimes trespass on individual rights. Such failings we must wink at if justice be at the bottom.' 'Nay, but the Lord will not wink at in- justice and cruelty, wherever perpetrated,' persisted Deliverance, her color deepening with her increasing earnestness. 'Beside, this government that thee upholdest is incon- sistent with itself. Dost thou not remember that clause of the charter in which it is provided that all in the plantation shall equal justice and law? Dost thou think that the government has regarded the charter when it has persecuted the saints and children of the Lord?' 'The government only protects the Lord's fold against the ravenous wolves that seek to devour it,' replied Christopher. 'Think you that old Dame Jones' malignant touch and power of bringing down curses on her fellowmen came from the Lord? She was but a handmaid of Satan, and deserved to for- feit her life for her blasphemies.' 'Nay,' answered Deliverance, softly; 'she was verily a martyr, and was led by the spirit of the Lord, and so denied the works of the devil. Should the Lord call me I will follow in her footsteps and seal my testimony with my blood.' She rose in the rapture of her enthusiasm and stood looking off at the purple hills which loomed hazy and unsubstantial in the distance. Her pure upturned face looked like that of a saint in the soft shade of a leafy porch, and one could almost fancy that a tender aureole lighted up her sunny head. Christopher let his troubled gaze rest on her almost trans- lated beauty and unconsciously the deep lines of thought which furrowed his ample forehead smoothed themselves out. He rose slowly and stood very close to her, with one hand resting lightly on her sleeve. 'Come, Deliverance,' he said, 'be my saint and my life, and reveal the truth, whatever it may be, through the transparency of your purity and holiness.' A look of deep pain swept over the girl's brow. She drew away from him and began to pluck at the vine aimlessly. 'It cannot be, friend Christopher. I have told thee many times that it cannot be. It is not meet to be yoked unequally.' 'But surely you cannot do such a wrong as to let a fellow-creature fall for lack of sym- pathy!' he cried; and there was a great pas- sion in his voice.' 'I—I shall go mad if you will not listen to me.' 'Nay, but that is no salvation which comes from a mere frail mortal. That will not save thee in the last great day. Only take heed to that heavenly light, the Son, within thee, and him before his wrath be kindled against thee; for verily the night cometh when you shall fall to your own master. The night was darkening down upon them fast. One quivering red beam shot through the thick leaves and rested for a moment on Deliverance's pure face; then the sun sank leaving a stretch of golden sky which cast a soft glow over the tops of the hills. The ad- vancing twilight lent force to the figure that Deliverance had used. Christopher Burden shivered involuntarily, and drew his cape around him; then with a hasty farewell he strode off down the darkening road. Deliv- erance watched him until he had disappeared and then went slowly in to prepare the simple evening meal of rye pudding and milk for the tired father and brother who worked all day in the fields. She was silent during tea, and supplied the wants of the hungry men with a preoccupied air. 