La lulette l .-•-;'.• ASXO 1814. Sift Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. t couldn't Invo gncssad what weight t W was ill tMfc ocean swell till I fclttlie volviliW of it from the lov.- seat of the fthtoV quarter-boat. The Jtuby Ipptoa . lie rolling on it as heavily again as. she senemed to hare been when I was on her deck, and the beat of her canvas against the mast rang in volleys through the- air like the explosion of battones up there. The wrcck came and Trent as Ave sank. and. Rtiared, and I caught the second mate eyer in? her somewhat anxiously as though theorizing to himself upon the safest dodge to board' her. She was further off than I should have deemed possible, so deceptive is distance at sea, and though tlw five seamen pulled cheerily thei job ot measuring the interval between the tn o craft, what with the voluminous heave of the swell running at lis, and what with tile roasting sunshine that lay-like a sense of paralysis in the backbone, proved very. tedious to my. impatience to come at the hulk and'explore her. As we sw ept rouiid under her stern, supposuig that her starboard side would be clear of wreckage, I glanced at the and sa.v that they vi ere clewing up her roj als and Muling dovi n her fljmg Jib with hands on the crossjackjard rolling the sail up. a drag <?f tile floating sticks "- 1"-1' - times made the water foam. •Ve must board her astern" said the mate, "and stand by for a handsome dip ^ of the counter." ' • t : Our approach was very cautious; indeed it was necessarj' to nianceuvre *ery t h jnngerlj indeed We got 011 to the b qu uter and w atchmg lm chance the bow a oarsman cleverly sprang through the t crushed rail as the deck buoyantly.,swang down to the heave of tlie boat carrying tlie end of. the painter intli l»n'; mate followed, and I after a tolerably .. l<m3 interval, wanting -perhaps,the nerve, and certainly the practised: lunbs of tlie : sailors. In truth I may. as well say lieie that I should have stuck to tlie.boat and waited for the mate's report but lor the dislike of being hnghed at when i returned. I very w ell knew; I should not be spared, least of all by those amongst the passengers who would have forfeited fifty pounds rather than have .quitted the Sl>The hull had a desperately wrecked look mboards with tlie mess of ropes, staves, lagged ends, crushed rails, rents manifesting tlie fury of tlie liuiiicane J swept a glance along, m expectation of beholding v deid body, or, if 3ou jmU, some scarcely living though1 y<?t breathiiig man , but noHirng of the kind was to be seen The mate liung lus head over tlie companion hatch from which the cover lud. been clean razed and peered down, then shouted and listened. But 1.10 otl?er sound followed than the long niom and liu"e ashing sob of the swell biuiuiiuig to "the wrash-streak with a dim sort, or choking guri'ling.Ji6ise v :as of water, sfereamiii« from side to side in the hold. :;-.... 11 llardh woith while exploimg those \--moist boweis^-tliink,:si^^sa^:-tlie^m.te "Oh 1 es," siid 1, "if we don t take a \- peep under deck what will there be to t-ejji This is a queifc of the ladies making, remember, and it must be a complete thin"-, or 'stand by,' as you sailors aiy "Ri<*lit you are, sir," said he, ' and so heie goes," and with that he put his foot upon the companion-laddei and dropped into tiie cabin I followed at lus heels, and both of 11s t line to a btand at tlie bottom of the steps w hilst 11 e stared Tound There was plenty' of light to -ee by streamuig dovra through tho skylight apertuie and the hatclu ilie c-ibin was a plain snull coloured room, with 1 few sleeping-berths running forwaul a rcugh table somewhat hacked and cut about as if with tlie slicing of tobacco, a ron of lockers on either hand, a stind of hrearms right aft, and some twenty cutlasses'-curiously -stowed in a 1 brackets imdei the ceiling or upper deck Hot as it -was above the c bin stiuck dull as though it weie an old v ell In deed, you saw that it had been sou*ed : over and over.^agauijjj the eis hich had swept the vessel, End tlieie v as 1 tern iEeaXvee'dy-'flayour-m tl e 1110 pi eie of it that made you think of eav e deep dov n in a sea fronting chit ^ e looked into the sleepuig-'brrlh gon£ forv rd -to whei'e a jnovable. bilUie d stopped the road Tt was .not cisy to -walk flie^in creasing) weight jof, tl e v ell-ft a defined bv . tlie heavy,:',-fl ?ugb comrn, U ely buoyant,rolling ;of the liulL Hie dec! went jn s'opes 111 e -tl e roof f 1 1 o msiae-to sideV with aio "-and ^ in an peering a bit, for this part of the cabin in gloom, we, found that it stood m "roores, and without' much trouble .ye slided-it; opeii, ivnd the-iiitewor, 'to as far as a bulkhead that walled off a bit of forecastle, lay clear before, us in the daylight shining through the mam hatch. Here were a number / .of . hammocks dangling from the deck,.and some score or iriore of seamen's chests; arid bags in heaps, some of them split open, with quantities of rough wearing nppwcl scattered about, insomuch. that ! never could • have imagined a scene; of wilder disorder, nor one more suggestive ot hurry, and panical consternation, and delirious headlong behaviour. ' " Nobody herb, sir," said the mate. "No," I answered,. "1 suppose her people left her in their boats, and that one of the wretches who were forced to remain behind wrote the letter we re: eeived the oilier niglit." - / - " At sea," said the mate," there is no. iiiis"ining how- matters come about. I allow that- the three men have been taken off by- some passing vessel.. Anyway m've done our bit, and the >apt n, i expect, 'II be waiting for . us. . Thunder!. how she rolls," lie cried, as a very heavy lurch sent usbotli reeling towards the side of the craft. , .... "Hark'" cried I, "we are hailed, from the deck." . . . ,, " Below there! " shouted a voice m uio companion- hatch " They've fired a gun aboard. In&mTOira;, bit, and W o run phe ensign up half masted The weather <•. Ha1"- cried the mate. come along, We i cautiously and with diffi- We : ^ ^ ^ n o m p a m o n ladder ty: afl f ^ a ^ jlyTnstant glance went | o S T " ' " " ' " 1 u i S ; and mi7on top gallant sails, a^d down lier lighter ^ystails and ig standing 31b, and as I glanced at lier gun winked ni a quaitei deck poit and small thunder of it rolled sulkily up a«ainst the wind. •• In fact, whilst we w°eie belovi, the biee?e had chopped clean round, and the was to leeward of the wreck, with a very heavy swell, rolliri";along its former course, the wind dead the otlier way, beginning tp whiten the ridges on each huco round-backed fold, and a .%iute'ytlrioVess^a::flipii|. squall of vapour it looked to me, with a seething and creaming line of water along the base of it as though it was soinetlmig solid that was coming along—sweejiing within half-a-mile of the wreck right, down upon us The mate sent a lookafcit .md utteied a ciy "Haulthe boat.alongside, he shouted, to the fellow 111 her; "luindsomely now,, lads Stand by to jump into hei, he cried to the seaman'- wlio liad been tlie first to spring on board the wreck with the end of tho line. Xhey brought the boat liumining and buz?in" to the counter; the sailor stand-, 011 tho taffrail plumped into her like a cannon shot, twos wonderful he didn t scuttle her.; The mate whipping the; painter :off :,te;pin;^6r;.whateypr.^^T^. that it had -been belayed to, held it by a. turn whilst he bawled to me to watch my chance and jump But -the wreck lying dead in tho trough was. rolling 111 a quite frenzied way, like a see-saw desneiatcly worked Dei movements;;, combined with the. soaring . and. ialling of the boat,- were absolutely; confounding. 1 would gather myself together for .a sprinj?, and then, before I could .make;it, the boat was sliding, as it. might seem, to me, twenty or thirty feet deep and ''^"Jump, for God's sake, sir," cried the mate. , , „ T "I don't mean to brealc my^neck, _ 1 .msvv ered, irritalile witli the neiv ous fluiry that had come to me vibh 1 sudden abominable sense of mcap icity and help As 1 spoke the words, sweep 1 came the wlute smother off the sea over us with a spitefull yell of wmd of a weight that smote the cheek a blow wluch might have foiced the strongest to turn his back Tlie"inssiiig,~*md teething, ^.d ciafikling ..I 4-1 ji,„ „ r,f tl,e first of the sauall i 11 about us m b eatli md in tue be t of heai-fc too the Hi bj na the; ocean ill ln-i v ay nished m tlie wild; and teriifymg eclip e of tl e tluck silvery liowling team Tike mist ? the sickening bewilderment caused by the wreck's .violent.rolling, ,seemed to have driven all my wits .clear out of my head- Hie boat was scarcely more than a. smudge in; tho thickness, vanishing and allowing as she swept up and rushed down the liquid acclivities, held with, her bow towards tlieliulk by the desperatelyplied oars of tlie. rowers. The mate vvas borne down rapidly towards lier. I could just- see three of the sailors loaning over the side to drag- linn out of the water ; Hie next instant the little fabric had vanished in-tlie thickness, helplessly-and with horrible rapidity rblown out of sight the moment the men ceased rowing to rescue then- o/lieer. ...-••• I do not know how long all this may liavo occupied ; a few minutes maybe sufficed for the whole of the tragic; passage. • I stood starmg - and staring, incredulous of tlie truth.of • what had "befalien me, arid then with an inexpressible sickness of heart I flung myself down upon the deck under the lee of a little space of bulwark; too dizzy and weak with the horror thai possessed nie to maintain my foptbig^on thatiWildly-.-siv^y:-; ing platform". •-.-•,-'. . 1 had met in. my travels with but one specimen of such weather as this; it was off the Cape of Good Hope to the westward ; the ship was under topmast and topgallant studdingsails, when without ati interval of so muclivas twenty; secondsof, calm she was taken light aback by a vrmd that came w itli the -temper of JrnU a <rale in it, whilst as if by magic a fog, White .aiid dense as wool wasboilingand; shrieking all about her Jfor aorao time my constei-mitionwasso | heavy ^ t I sat ^ ^ ^ ^ that part of the thickness where the boat had disappeared, without giving tlrcloasb to the Week. Itwas Urn Mowing in eauiest, the ocean stiU densely shrouded with fiyng vapoui, and an ugly bit of. a sea racing over, tlie swellthat rolled its volumes to vvindward. A snuit shock and fall of water onto the forecastle startled me into sudden perception 6f a real and- imminent dagger,: The fore scuttle was closed, .but the mam and' companion hatchways yawned opened to tlie weather, there were no bulwarks worth talking of to mcie-ise the wrecks height of side, and to hmdei the free tumbling of theisurge 011 to tlie decks, so if tho wind mcieascd And the sea giew lieaviei, the hulk must inevitably fill and go down like a thunderbolt! > It w ould be idle to try to express the thoughts wluch filled me I vv as like one stunned now casting an eye at the sea to observe if tho billows were. increasing, now witli a heart of leiS wptJnng the vvatei fi'othing-upon the deck;, as, the hull' heaved from one side to another, then stiaining my sight with a m.id passion oi-: eagcniess iiito. the vapour that.-sliut.oft.ajt" vievv of- tlie' ocean to within a. cable's length of me. Tliere was iiothing to lie. .done. - Even .could 1 have ..met with t/irr paulins, there w;vk 110 sailor's, skill in m.e •tq-sjiread arid seouro them over-the operi latches Hoviever, when an hour had.' passed in this way, 1 took'notice of a small failuie 111 the u md, though there was 110 iiyitoiiiiig ofctiig iniiienfet^ '.Tlie f®^s;6£: tWsweUfliad;.diffi rca was hei broadside dead on lose and fell with ie»ulaiity, and though at long: uiteivals tlie surge struck her.bow,. and-'.blew, in ciystals over the baid^ or.fell..m.scores of bucketfulls upon the deck, nothing inoro-than spray wetted the after- part, of It was now about six o'cloekmtlie evening In tvv o hours' time "the night would have comedown, and if theweatlieidid jiot cleai^ the blackness "would be IliaL ox "the toii^K^mat^ offld, t i l e r y dogg jCennuii" fiove-'fo"; tiifd„wait- for lnoonlight \- , ment of comfort I found in remembering that the wreck's position would Tie known to Captain Bow and ins mates, sorftat tiieir seaicli 'foi me, if they searched at all, ought not to j>i ore rfiuitless; "-though to be -sure -jnucli';w'ould' depend?; npon'tlie diift of the hul£ -Presently, fearing that tlieie nuglit be no lutef ^provisions on loard ? two large jais of red wine, ^ ' T f J , S all, a small barrel about liilf full of fresh water, slung against tlie bulkhead, with a little wooden tap fixed m it, foi the cona enience as I supposed of drawing for cabin use There were other articles ot of food such as flour, pickles, dried fiuit, and so on, the catalogue would be tedious, noi dpes my memory cairy them. I poured some w ine into a tin pannikin, and foimd it very palatable, sound claiet I mixed me a draughts ltli cold w ator, and ato a biscuit with a little sbce of some kmd: of salt sausage, of which there Uy aIump: ill a dish, and foundmyself oxtemcbnanly :rt*freslie d.I-;cannot tjgSinldrtodtSl.-JS^s^ visimiV'aft&'fresh^ tlwt if the weather did not diown the wieck, I might be able to support life on bo.ud of hei until the JhAy took me oft,; wlucli 1 counted upon happening that m«dit if the moon shone, or most ceitamly next morning at latest. My heart howe\ er sink afresh when I regained the deck The sudden change from the life, the cheerfulness, tlie secuuty of thelndiaman,; to oil, my God' my God' I remember exclaiming as I Bank, down under the lee of the fragment of bulwailc, with a wild look around into the thickness and along the spiay-darkened planks of the heaving and groaning derelict, i lie loneliness of it' no sounds saving tlie dismal; civing of the lvind sweeping on higH tin ough the atmosphere, and the ceaseless; seetliing and hissing of the dark green fiothmg seas, smftly chasmg one -mother out of sight past the wall of vapour that ended the wieck', with the blank and; blinding mist itself to tighten as with a sensible ligature into unbearable concentration the dreadful sense of solitude m lllj' soul. .;. ••....• . ,- Slowly the innd .softened down, very piadually the seas sank, and their w oi-rymg note of snarling melted into a gentlertone of f ountaui like creaming But the i apour still fille'd'theair, rana- so.thickidid.it hang that, though by my watch I knew it to be the hour of sundown, I^as unable to ^diet^cttiie^eaLst .tiiige/O »o farotest revelation of the fiery scarlet: light winch I knew must be suffusnig the oleai ens down to the easternmost confines above this maddening blindness .i • •.. • °f'S::n came tlie blackness of the nig.it So unspeakably deep a dye it was that ^ e ^ i ^ i r S ^ M against a bulwark stench,on. It was a warm night with a elvvractcr as of Wie heat of steam •oviffig'fa^e^m^ta^-Uiat; loaded and thickened the atmosphere. Sometimes I -dozed, repeatedly y starting from a snatch of uneasy slumber to open my eves with ever recuriing lioiroi and astonishment upon the bl ickness Gleams of the sea-fire shot out fitfully , at times from the sides of the wieck, and there. Yi as nothing else foi the sight to rest u«0n ^A-tr-midwghinit -was 'blowing small bieeze of wind and the sea luuraiig eentlv—at midmSht I .mean as I could bestieckon, but the darkness remained, unchanged, and I might know that the; fog ivas stall thick about me by no dimmest spectre of moon or star showuig. ; , I then slept, and soundly too, for two . 01 tluee houu, and wlienTaWgke it-was xlayliglit, tlie sea clear Wttie -horizon, tlie slcv I soft liquid blue witli masses ot white y vapoious cloud lianomsr hanging undei : a bke mant bursts of steam, and the sun shining -with a sort of misty splendour some degree or two above the sea-lme. Tliere ivas a pleasant air blowing out ot the north,-with -power-to ^rankle tlie water and 310 more ' Myhmbs werejo cramped that JEor & long while was. ? nJditfolY Lmg the pantry as I may. call it. The wreck was rolling very Ijn- litly, and her decks were now as .easy of stepping as the Jiidianian s. • il"» berth contained a bunk and bedding, a sailor's chest, some clothes hanging ajjainsfc the bulkhead, but nothing to sir® my turn. The next wsis similarly K f m : ^ ^ sSit ^ t l i ^ upon it had been split open were to be nflea 01 « though passed into a fluid cabin This had. some comfoit of equipment m tlie shape of shelves and a chest-of diawers, and had doubtless been the commander's Iheie was a. very liandsome telescope 011 I biackets, a few books, a quadrant, alaige sUverthnepiece,asmall"co)npassandpne : or two other matters of a IDce'sort ujwu a little table fitted by lunges 111 a cornei, tlieie weie three chests m a low with a. litter of boots and shoes, a soft bat or two, a large handsome cloak costly with fur, and so forth^ strewed about; the looking with some wonder at these articles when my eye was taken by something bright near tlie smallest of the three chests. I picked it lip , it w is an, English soveieign Others lay about as though a handful had been clutelied and dropped—here being the same manifestations of terrified hurry as, it seemed to me, I witnessed in the other cabms. J lie lid of the small chest was spUt 111 halves, a and the choppei that had seemingly been t wielded rested against the side of t ie b box A massive padlock was still m the staples I lifted tho half of the bd and, was greatly astonished by • the. sigM of a quSrffciby of a tray that fitted tho upper part of the chest. Each division contained coins of vaiious nations They weie aU frold pieces—English, Poituguese, Brae zilian and coins' of: the United States, i prized open the padlock }iart 01 tlie lid and seized the tray to lift; it that 1 might, obsen-e what lay ;^deriieath... But the weiahtof gold in it was so gi-cat that I ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ a b l c to° sMe it ^ f r ^ b o t t o m of the box was fe^Sf^y^^^edlisli :tinfi: 1 l>ad I eriisped a lump, and, tliou, never seen gold in that form before, 1 wiis satisfied,' by the extraordinary'weight of^ tlie-piece i iieid, that all - those ^barse^rougli, dull coloured bucks were of tlie most precious of metals X sbded .tho tray back to its place and let fall the^wo lwhes of the lid, with another look aiound me for any article that nuglit lJQ-uBoful&to-to.oion; deck - ment kindled by the spectacle of the sold rapidly died away. I dully mused on it, so to speak, whilst my eye roamed, languidly speculating about it, witli a str.aii.'e , ... indifference in i-r. my «iv thoughts, concluding that it repiesented the pri vateers man's sorted plunder; that m all likeli- hoodV'when,,the rush b~eerf-«bhged to-fly for their lives ere tliej coiad^find tune for more than a scrambling clU&li; at the tray. But it was the contents, no floubt, of tins cliest—if, indeed, tills cliest held,all tlie trensme of the buccaneer —that was-indicated by the •writer of the letter » the concluding line 'of it, tlie closing .words of whicMiad 1 beentioiind^ illegible by the young fellow Vlio translatgd fhe-jmssive. , \- under my arm andi ^and f&undra;'-sniallj -rack',! 'aSa.>near ."it,- I-.S greifc cottoivnmet vil.h tihe" saturation r ? brand new tin. for the dazzle of it, and as the morning advanced the heavy ya'pourous • clouds of. daybreak melted out into curls and wisps like to the descent moon, with a clear sky using a pale blue fiom the hori/on to oveihead (ki where it swam into the brass}-^loyy winch flooded the central lie.n ens eaiy of sitting md exhausted ^y looking, I put down the glass and went to the mam hatch with the idea of making out what water there was in the hold. The pumps were gone, and the - I k o£ them S™k ^ E S S S ^ r ^ l hulk ca^o ui the ^ - ^ . a s l recced by the of the week upon fc -oiu oSieflv ^vluite ^oodewoasCT ^ iCli. liero and tlieie canvas bales, but whatever irnglit have been tlie commodities, there was not .iniich of tliem, at, least amidships, down mto wlucli I stood peeling I then walked on to the forecastle and hfted the hatch-cover This mteiior looked to have, been used by the people of La Mulctte as a. sort of sail-locker. Tlie buikheiid extended but a very short distance abaft tlie hatch, and the deck was stowed with rolls of sails, coils of spai-e rigging, hawsers, tackles, mid so forth. 1 put my head into the aperture and took a long and careful survey of the interior, for the mate and I had not possible, I thought, I migM fmd the bodies of the three survivors here.. ..Mjjt nessed in that way; so I closed the hatch .attain and went aft. . - ... The day passed, the light bieeze lin: gered, but f o u g h t nothing into sight. I would think, as 1 sent my glance alonpr fl^ak^s^swe^^^ nd ion of splintered plank and crushed ulwaik, that had there been a mast left m the lwll I might fiom the sunimit of it be able to see the Tiuhy, whose topmost cloths lay sunk behind the horizon to tlie eyes which I lev e M fiom the low bide of the wieck " Oil'" I v.ou d cry aloud, "if l;cbuld/but;:bei,sup.that_slie ing as the expectation might have been wliicl. the sight of;;lier. afar woiild. ^Y® raised in me, yet tlie mere having her in, view, no. ^ e r ; , l i 6 w ; ^ ^ 4 e c « a speck she proved, would have taken a deal of theW^ess, th^m^-siMmn| feeling of hopelessness out of the wdd and avvful sense of desolation that pos- SeTht sun sank ; with tho telescope tromblhis in my hands I wade a slow, painful nificence lay .ipon it, and then le faH the glass and feU into the cliaii and with eyes closed to mitigate by .the shadowing of this lids the angmsli_ot the-fires which despair had kindled 111 tliem--for my to me-I waited ior the darkness of a second mght to settle down upon the wreck But on this day the gloom fell ™th the "biilbance of stais, and some time: of wind died out and the ocean flattened ^to a breathless policed surface -When nresenUv the moon, hid soared and haze; indeed there went a shadowing n i r " like floatmgln the vastness of the fiiniameut that Jbent ovei it to glance over the side of tlie hull and see the mirior-li^e breast.'studded .'witli.--reliectipns of: the larger stars, and to.follpvy-the shadow oi tie deep, • cuiied' at tilie extremities as itseemed, to the tropic astral dust that tvvinkled thereJlike'devv;- trenililnig to tlie .bfeafih-of:a:sununcr niglit wind. ^ _ - I had biouglit liposome blankets fiombelow Said tliesaljnade aiind of matiaess^ o c nn35- nf tlifs'-umbiella w ^ aliout ten o clock I tluiik wh| fMppling^lil e the murmur -of^a-fountani a l U l k 'deSofitliepale liei t gently-j olWSull^I^y v'Woi longtime ^ tflis cooKieSfeiing -fcinHin w f l W W , ? blankets groaning But tlie agitation did not linger, some fresh deception of the brain would occur and win my attention ^°Tlns went on till X fell to sleep Meanwhile tho breeze continued to blow steidily, and the ripplmg of watei along; the bends was like the sound of the falling of liirge raindrops. • • . , : I awoke, and tuumig my head towards; the foiepait of tlie wieck, I spied the; figure of a man ereefc -and motionless, on the toiecastle The moon was low in the west, i.-.^.-o I might guess by her • position x ,.. , . that , daybreak was not fir off. By lier red . . . • _ T : nf .nflri 1 lurht I saw the inan I sat erect and swept a Klauce round , tliere wastlo amp neai me, no smudge upon the gloom to indicate a vessel, at a distmco Fatlier ot M.it 1! Could yonder shadowj' foimbe one of tlie tluee sailors who had been left oil the wreck? Suiely I had closely searched tlie hull there was nothing liiing aboard of hei but: myself The sweat-drops broke from my brow as I sat motionless with my; eyes fixed-upon the:figure that shoived witli:an inexpressible gliostlmess of oullme ut the waning moonlight. On a sudden there arose another figure alongside' of him, seemingly out of the hard planks of the deck, then a third ; and there the three of tliem stood apparently gazing intently aft at me, -bufc wit!iotife a stir m their ffomeis, that I could witness.. Three of them! I rose fco my feet and essayed to speak, but could deliver no more than a wlusper. 1 tried again, and this time my voice Bounded. " hi the name of God, who, and what are/you.? " _ " Ha1" cried one of them, lie said something to lus companions, in words which were unintelligible, to me, then approached, followed by the others, with all waves.ing gait as though giddy. Soni diink for ChriBtu's sake!" said the man who had cried Ha! pointing lus finger at lus mouth, and speaking in a tone that made one think of lus throat as something rough, like a file. By tins time it was clear to me they vveic no ghosts'. 1 imagined them negroes, so dark tiieir faces looked in the dim west rays and failing starlight. Whence they .had sprang, in wli at manner they had arrived,* I could riot imagine ; but it was not for me to- stand speculating about tliem in the face of tlie liusky appeal for drink. There was a parcel of candles 111 the pantry—as I term it. . \- I had a" flint and steel m my pocket, and followed by the men, I led the way belowy bidding them stand a while till T obtained a light; and after groping 1 and feeling about with my hands, I found the paper of candles, lighted one, and then called to tlie men. Ihey arrived. - I pointed to the jars, sayuig m English, there was wine in them; and then to the slung cask of- water, and- tli^n to the food on the shelves. They instantly grasped each one of them a pannikni, and 1 mixed a full diauglit and swallowed it iwith a strange trembling sigh of xeUef , ana delight; ? They then fell upon the biscuit and sausage, eating like famished wolves,; l)otlifisfefull,aiidci'amimi)g^hettmouto Eunliable by the feeble bglit of the candle than on deck; however, X was able to see they w ero not blacks The man who had addres ed me was of a deep Chine e yellow, with lineaments of an African pattern, a wide flat nose, huge lips, eyes like little shells of polished ebony glued on porcelain. His hair was the nogio s, black wiry wool He wore a short, moustache, the fibres like the teeth of a comb and tbeie was a tuft of black wool upon'Ins chin Small gold earrings, a fieasy old Scotch cap, a shu t like a dun saiee iuniper,: and loose trousers thrust into -a pair of half Wellingtons, completed the attire of the ugbest, most, villainous-looking creatuie I had evei set eyes on His companions wore iong- Iraired. chocolate-lirowed Portuguese, or. Spaniards— Dagos as the sailors call them; I noticed a small gold crucifix sparkling: upon the mossy breast of one of them. Their feet were naked, mwjed their attire consisted of no more than a pair of duck or canvas breeches, and an open shut,, nd a cap They, continued to feed eartily, and several tunes helped themelves to the wine, though before dorn" o, the yellow-faced man would leguUily oint to the jar with a nod, as though skinst leave , , " You Engbs, sail 1" he ei.cl.umed, when he had made an end of eatuig I said yes. "How long you been hear, I told him. He understood me perfectly, though I spoke at length, lelatmg in fact my adventuie I then mquiiecl who he and his companions weie, and his story was to the following effect: Tliat he iwas the boatswain; and'tlie other two able seamen of a Poituguese ship called the Mavj Joseph, bound to Smg.ipoie or to some Malay port. The vessel liail been- set-on lire by one of the crew, an Englishman, who was skulking diunkenly below after broaching a cask. of rum. They had three boats which they hoisted out, most of the people got away m the lona boat, six men were 111 the second, boafc hei aiid -his two comrades got. into the ]olly boat They had with them four bottles of water, and a small bog of slup. s bread, and nothing more They parted company with the other boats in the ight, andJiad been four days adrift, sailn" northwards by the sun as they eckoned, under a. bit of a lug, and keep,; • " ' ' look-out though they sighted notlung; until a liWe befoie sundoim tliat evenmg, tliey spied the speck of tins l wieck, and made for it, but so scant was the w'ind and'so weak tiieir arms, that it had taken tliem nearly all night to measure the diitance, which would be a few miles only They got their boat under the bow—she was lying tlieie no"- lie said—and stepped on boaid one after theotlier This explained to inefheir appau Of course I had not seen the boat;, or he rd her 1 e appro clieS nd to, me king aft the tluee imen 11 mg over,; fee bo s looked s though lie glio % es eiu.e tlie Ind taped tl e nselve on, " e toieca tie o u t t W h thesolidpl nk. I addle sed the otl er but tl e ello ; nan told me that tlieu hngu Se T a ill" n of base Portuyie e of v 1 icl I. Jhodd be ble to undei tand no more: than liere and theie a word even though brell nd educated 1 Lisbon. moll Isll'SB see to dal bo t le ex 1 e to his m te ? " FOLLOW ME, MR. CATESBY,"- OS WEA&E; DEAD:MEN ! SI&HI; OV A- QUAilTliv 03? GOLD PIECES." D AXD,VVAS GitBAitT ^JIOKISHED BY IHP 'I liriED THE KAU 01' I H E 