IT has been decided to form a Grand Lodge of FreemasonB in Brisbane. Two parsons write most of the contributions the " Woman's Column " of the S. M. Herald, DOKING the present Lord Mayor's term of office the 70()th Anniversary of the Corporation of the City of London will be celebrated. THE population of the U.S. of America is 60,000,000, mostly colone s. That of N. S. W. is over 1,000,000, mostly juEtices of the peace. SYDNEY coroners are becoming very unaccommodating. Two died suddenly with a case in hand, and their successor now breaks off in bad health. SIR .SOMEBS VINE says that Mr. Charles Hardie Ikizacott, of the Brisbane Couri/r, is his ideal of what an intelligent loyalist should be. Well, what of it? to DUHIKG 1SSS five persons died in Great Britain who left estates valued at more than £1,000,000. The largest was that of Baron de Stern, of London, who left a fortune of nearly £6,000,000. A LEADING London tobacconist claims that he sells about 50,000 boxes of ladies' cigarettes annually, and states fui ther that one of his la<iy customers smokes 200 a w eek. Kx juri.o dare lucent J THE Paris Exhibition, which opens on Sunday, 5th May, will cover a far greater area than that of 1S7S, inasmuch as it will embrace not only tbe Trocadero and the Champ de MarB, but a T 60 the whole of t e Esplanade des Envalides. THE Municipal Council of Sydney propose to fine anyone £10 who drops a letter in the streets of that city. If Parliament would fine everyone who drops a letter in the House £10, the army of " h "-less senators would soon fill up the deficit which, like a dishonoured ghost, haunts that colony. Wn wonder if Mr. James Service ever visits the house he occupied in South Melbourne before the dawn of his greatness. The house is still standing in Dorcas-stieet, a small weatherboard structure, no great distance from the early home of David Syme, which was much smaller. No doubt, the day will come when the people of South Melbourne will point with pride to these structures, as the inhabitants of Stratford-on-Avon point to the House in Henley-street. N.B.—This is sarcasm. TUN WAXWORKS.—More novelties. CANON KKMMTS, of Sydney, whoee lectures upon Dante have drawn so much attention, resides in the house at Darling Point in which the son of Gary, the translator of Dante into English, lived for some time. Young Cary, while living there, passed his time in the study of Dante, with a view to the supplementing of his father's labours. A MAN named Slowcomb has died at the age of one hundred and three at Adelaide. He was the last of his family :— His friends will meet him on that shore Where glows a bright perpetual summer, And greet with a delightful roar This last-lamented, old Slowcomber. MR. JUSTICE WILLIAMS has just been letting out one of his right-handers. Five scoundrels who conspired in December last to swear off the murderer Cutler for killing Ah Gayong have just been convicted of perjury, and have got from the judge nine years' hard labour each. Perhaps the very best of it is that Cutler, the homicidal villain who was acquitted through these men's perjuries, and who having once escaped the gallows by acquittal, cannot be tried again on the same charge, has been netted for perjury in the same case. Having got him off the murder charge, the false witnesses called on him to swear them off the perjury. This he tried by Bwearing that he was not near the scene of the murder. He has thus escaped the gallows, but will get to the galleys, if only the devil gets his due. This crime of perjury, ays the Judge, is getting so common that the moral sense is not sufficient to restrain people from ts committal, and only fear of the law is effectual. udge Williams certainly is doing his best to proect t e social state from a formidable danger. WHEN we were in Sydney some years ago, we dropped into the office of a plenipotentiary with whom we had a slight acquaintance. He was eating a modest lunch of onions and corn beef. He flushed guiltily when we entered, bat soon recovered himself and asked us to wait a few minutes, while he retired behind a screen. When he came forth again he was a spectacle one couldn't safely look upon for long and live. A[curled and oiled Assyrian bull with a gold ring ib its nose was nothing compared to him. He was more gorgeous than a display of fireworks or a corn doctor in full regalia. His head was encompassed by a cocked hat, with as much ftathers in it as wouid stuff a bed, and at his side he wore a sword about five feet long, over which he fell at intervals with easy grace. There were medalB and stars and tbe Order of the Blue Mud-turtle, or something of the sort, on his manly breast He was simply dazzling. That was Mr. Moon, Consul-General for Costa Rica. We met him again in Bourke-street one day last week, and he informed UB that he was now representative of the Five Kepublicsof Central America. "Where ait thou, Barrios, President of Five Republics?" we remarked. "Ah, poor B rrios," he replied." " He made the mistake of wanting to do everything in one act. You won't find me committing such a flamboyant error. No, senor," and he drew himself up proudly. "Iam now holding myself in readiness to proceed to Costa Hica and take charge of the financing of the Nicaraguan (Nickerawcm he pronounced it) Canal. " I can tell you," he said, in parting, " Old Lesseps isn't going to be in it with me." The Consul for Costa Rica is a very full Moon indeed, now. 