IMoMtot. The Ghost of Oak Crag. BY ESTHER SKlllE KENNETH, (Concluded,) ^°y ? Tnomont- she thought jfc somo wandering yngabond who had nought sheltor thoro. Then-she oaught. sight of «v. hand, wluto nntl shapely, hanging ?norvoloaalv from tho aide of the bench! tuidi Bh° know oho was mistaken. At Hm alio was undecided what to do, Then .With a sudden thought she went for ward. aud spoko to the prostrate firruro, . m, 0 y°u, 1. Wliy nro you hero ?" Ihe man had honrd her stop, ftnd a3 Bhe commonccd speaking, ho looked up, showing a face which seemed familiar to Jierj though alio did not reco^niso it It JJJJ, Jnlclar5r'1 ^(udod, hnudaomo faco, a cry palonnrl haggard. Tho figuro was tH /'1 ft ljufc ^10 tlr^ss about tha. breast Boomed 'vorv much disordered, linen °n"g fc a S*impso of Woody xrA^/0U hu,'fc?''8ho asked. I uot, , answer for a roomont, or nttemptjo We, but lay looking at hor 0 h«How oyoB. ,JVho "o you ?" ho said at last. " 1 nn* -wTOuia Lamar, I livo horo. If you aro hurt, com o into tho houso. aud Jot me do what I oan for you," M1_ ^11° raijiod himsolf on hisolbow, .foe#' gathering ihe oloak ovov his breast, ^ i'»»,now, whothor I am going to a.? or not," ho mid, «I'm sick, and I've ft out hero m my breast. If I could bo taken oavo of, I might livo; but I think v Wor|h while, I think I face, as ho lay with closed eyes, and a Buddcn, awiffc discovery oamo to hor. It was tho man (hey had fouud oppaventlv fff2 3" . ti*0 northwest chamber. He put out his hand as he suddenly opened hw oyes and saw hor bonding abovo " Wll° 1 .aTO'" 110 rnac you may bury me in the familv ^Wug_ground->fliok. Meadows, S J^adows.. Sco, horo/' with a f3 ^ Ju3V]?t1moSI\mVi,% hh ?n^'» dross! Yir i liii i alono now, if you Pl0na0 ing" comfortably dead by morn^ v^; -'You must not stay hero I" exclaimed Emma, with sudden, swift enorcv "You ^l ^o t° death! Rouse n£ I big" ifco" °U lnu3t So iuto thd Her onorgy seemed to rouso him. Who is there?" heasked, «»S° i°inr 5 wil1 y°u °omo ?" onall I seo no une ? T don'f moot anyono." aon fc w>anfc to I "You will not." - ' ° looking ttp to t The,V J10 sot upon his foot-a tall 'Uav!hiL Sm<3~md t00k thoari« Emma , "You're vory good;" he muttored, as I lio passed tho threshold, and suddenly Foil Benaoloss upon tho floor, . j She never know how alio got him into hor room, and upon tho bed, Wlion Raked, afterward, sho said . . ! .fttt.uSSai.*"h",r''bu»:Hidh<* | . An instinct of protection for this doso late man had suddenly soi/od upon her : and, with tho onrnestnoss of ono to w iomi few passions oune, sho forgot W«°TnllinfVm ]i(!l' oflbrta for hisrestoration. That ho waa omaoiatod, ?W "I a.u(!oi'inA'> discovered ; and wMnir9 "> de?p cut in tl10 liniaat, Wed ' gore, no longor .^His swoon was frightfully W' but ^,r,f »ll0^0 hij; S rnfl V!, 0f\ Judging.rightly that ho was »n need of nourishment, As soon as ho revived, ho said; a3 no tAll'?0'1?let. any °"° !cn(>w I'm hore, I'll tell you about myself to-morrow. Thank Sp°KT" dW!lU,i"kri1 8° t0 Thon with a long sigh ho dosed his oyea and foil asleep as lightly as a child, Hoaring hor brother ooming, Emma hastily left the room and dosed the door. Westerly flung himself heavily into a ohair.aud said; " Hurry up suppor, Em 5 I lmvo got to go to town to-night," He -evidently expeotcd that she would expostulate, and was surprised at her Bileneo j but, hastily swaliowiug his sup per, hq took himself off, She wont baok to her room, The Btrangor was awake, and put out his hand, Oomo here, please, Toll me whose voioo I heard,". "My brother's," What is his name J" " Westerly Lamnr," U he young, broad-shouldorcd,-low* browed, dark V "You," " I thought I knew the voigo," he said, " I'm so tiwd I'' \ Ho spoke with a weariness that was not all woai'lnosB °f the body, " Can you toll mo about yourself now?" ; 4* Thoro is no noed j yot I trust you, if you like to' hoar a disagreeable story," I'm a bad fellow-not a man for a girl like you to pity and holp ; yot 1 thank you all the more for what you havo dono for mo, Efa you romomber me as Riek Mendown V "'No." " You Tero probably a ohild when I wont away from here, a boy. My father' died, and I went into the. army, I got a taint thevo which in ado mo more wild and reckless than I was naturally, I lenrned lo drink and gamblo. When tho war waa over I oamo back fro the city wherol was born, but I had no home, no restraining influent)© for a turbulent nature and loose lmbits ; and for yoara ray lifo waa a whirl of ndvonturoa and dangers, (There were times when I grew heart-siok-tyUh myaolf, for I am not naturally a brute j but I spout ray youth wristefully, and middle life found me wedded to bad habits, dissipated and immorsod in 1 various difficulties. Among other things I was in debt; for I had wasted my ; share of ray father's property. All this must sound to you entirely baso and without oxouso. In one sense it was so. Ono day, about a year ago, I was threatened by a creditor; and tortured by my conscience--for tho mnn was poor and neoded the money--1 forged my brother's name to a note, satisfying my self with tho thought that I would re deem the note before it was duo, and never repeat so dangerous.an aot. But befora tho nolo was due J was taken ill, and remained so for months, I was not reeovorod until a few weeks of tho pay ment, nnd sick-room modUations ren dered mo quite frantic, " I had abandoned gambling, but 1 turned to it again, hoping luok would release me from my difficulties, X was not fortunate j tho niorp 1 played tho more I lost j and, utterly pennilosB, with a felon's fate staring me in the face, I resorted to a docoption I hud learned while in tho ormy. I played with your brother, won all his money, when ho suspected me, and, in a passion, sought my lifo, I escaped in tho orowd whioh tho exoitemont oallcd up, and, passing a depot, Hung myself into tho cars, only desinous of loaving the city, But I found that I was cn route for Lennox, and re solved to hido myself hero until I kneMr what bottor to do. Tho night bofore lust I came horo, swung myBolf on the grape vine trellis to the poroh window, which was unfastoned, let myself into the house, and wandered abou6,novor droam ing thero was anyone here, I could not sleep, and, aiVr pacing tho floor for a while, I came down'into :the garden. This room my old nurso used to sloop in, and somo sorrowful memory led mo to tho window. I was astonished to seo you, and, finding,that tho house was in part ocoupiodi X thought it unsafe for me to stay, and left it. I waudored around tho villago nil day, unreoognised by tho people who used to know mo well. At night I took a fanoy tooomo baok to tho Crag, belioving that I should moot no one so late j but, as soon as I shut myaolf in the closo room, afspasm of suffocating pain aoizod me, and, with tho instinclivo fear of death, I rung tho bell. Though my body grow rigid and my oyes remained closed, I was consoious of your ontoring the room, and of all that passod in my presence. When your brother drew that iceon blade down my breast I wa8 pain fully aware of it, yet oould mnke no sign until tho blood suddenly started.- Ho had left the room. Springing suddenly into life, I staggered to my feot, olutohod my cloak ovor my blooding breast, and let myself down from tho window, closing it bohind mo in my excitement and sickly terror, fearing pursuit. I staggered down tho garden path, and foil fainting upon tho seat of tho summer-houso whore you found mo, I had lain there all day. To night I Bhould have died if you had not beon so good a frioud.. And yet death would havo been a better friend, Miss Lamar, You cannot conoieve of my. utter wretchedness and nndosiro to live,*'' "But, Major Meadows, if you oould live to rodeom yourself-" " " I cannot. A felon's ooll is my ouly prospect in lifo !" " How much money is roquirod to moot tho noto's domand ?" " Five hundred dollars," ^ , It wag more monoy than Emma Lamar had over possessed in her whole life ; yofc" aho ant silent, trying to think; how it could bo gained. Major Meadows lay looking in surprise at tho gravo beauty of hor quiet face, ' 44 Tell me truly, shall I trust you ?" she said at last, " In what mannei? ?" - " if J get tbi3 money for you, will you return it at a given timo ?" " I will," "I must borrow-it, giving my good name aa socurity, If I do this, "will you roturn it in one year ?" . .« I will," Sho lookod Bto xdily into his fade," It was sot in enrno3t moaning, and eho believed him, v - " I trust you. I will got tho money to night. And, Major Moadowa, 1 do it" aa much to make you trust yoursolf na to relieve your present distress, If you can return tho money honorably at tho ond of the yoar, ycr.i will havo' ft capital of honesty, porsorcranoe, and virtue with wliioh to cominenoo a bettor future. Do you understand?' " I do j and ao help mo. spirit of my mothor, I will not disappoint your trust, Miaa Lamar," " ThenTmusb loavo you alone for an hour,' You are quite oomfortable 1" YeV The bravo girl wrapped herself in a cloak, nncl wenfc swiftly down the hill, although the village olooks were striking nine, and nearly all honest people were housod for the night, She wont into tho henrt of the village, but in less than an hour was making her \vay swiftly back. She camp into tho room so quietly that when she returned Major Meadows was startled, She plnood the nolesbefore him nnd counted them over, / " Hfaven blesa you 1" ho oxolaimpd, " When is this money due "To-morrow," ft Then you must take the nighfc train j yot you aro hardly ablo," " I oan go vory well now, my heart is so stout," lie said, Sho brought him fresh linen from her brother's wardrobe, and neoessary "toilet nrtioles; and thon she left him, In an hour lie oamo out, looking like a different man. .. " " it is half-past ten. You lmve but half-an-hour before car time," she said, "Do you know how I wish you wore my Bister ?" he mvid, looking down at hor, . ' " X wish my brother lcnew how good a Bister I'fry to bo," she said, her eyes filling quickly, "Major MoadowB, you are more than wolcome to what I have done for you, if you will only keep your promise." " You- shall aoe how I'will" keep. it. You will be hero at tho end of a year V" "X shall be in town. The old clergy man at the pnrsonngo will know where I am." Qopd-bye, I cannot thank you." " God help you ! Good-bye." And ho strode away from tho door in the moonlight, Tho next day it was liko ft dream to Emma Lamar. Only in her heart there eeomgd a fresh chord alive, They went baolc. to tho onttnge, for Westerly still oontinuod tho piuotice of visiting,the city at night, Ho grow vory dissipated, ana, when she expostulated with him, ho flew into so violent a passion as to silence hor. In her hopelessness alio allowed herself somolimes to think, "If Major Meadows does-wtill, and lives to come back, I think he will be my friend," She was aware that she did not see him as others saw him J and that any prudont mother in the place would be shocked at the idea of ker daughter regarding such a man as Major Moadows with friendly in terest. She only realised that lie was some one with whom she was in sympathy, and that lie hi*d wished she was his sis lor. Friendless girls have innocently done far worse than this, . The spring and summer passed, All the neighborhood realised that Emma Lamnr had a grant, trial with her brother,. Ho waa notioeably dissipated, and Prof, Gardner threatened to discharge him from his olaps. He would bo in the city away from his studies weeks at a time, In - the fall,' ho was publioly expelled from the iristituto, tho professor deolining to exeuso his ponduot longer, and he im mediately disappeared from tho town, Everybody pitied Emma. Lamar ; but Bho.oould hardly look any paler or more distressed than sho had done for a year past She had also another anxietv. It wai Jfyvamber, nnd tho money aho had borrow id was duo, It terrillod her to think of its failure ) yet sho seldom thought of that/. She had an instinotivo trust that Major Moadowa would not break hia promise. Ona night there was a terrible storm, Sho eat alone et hjevwork, when there oamo a sound of heavy footBteps, and hor brother burst into thoroomr ° Oh, Emma,savo mo !"- ho cried. " Westerly, what is it ?" bIio oxalaimod, storting up, 1 ' VI have brokon into the Morohant's Bank, and the ofttoora nro after me,M. Emma Lamar sank down in despair, " Oh, for a friend I" sho cried, Thoro came a knock at the door, A fine-looking mini, whom she did nob im mediately rooognise,entored,' The next momont she knew it was Major Meadows, '' Miss Lamar!" hoWd, \- " Oh, Major Meadows, ioll me-toll mo what to do for my brother 1" exclaimed Emma, turning to him with a manner which betrayed her faith in him ; and, indeed, he looked worthy of ifc-rhoalthf ul, composed, happy, '1 Toll me what la the matter," 1 "My brother is to bo arroated, He hao broken a bank," lb waa quito a grave matter. The officers oame to the cottago and arrested Westerly Lamar j but tho following day Major Meadows booamo ,bnil for him, and he waa reloaded, Through the major's intoroossions.ho was finally acquitted, for ho ;had beon only accessory to the orime, But ho had.roeeived a thorough ohcok in hia rc'oklesa onroer, and promising his friends ho would do bettor, he went to California, where he turned his attention to business and did well. Major MeadowB had succeeded to his brother's property, and waa a wealthy roan ; but tho five hundred dollars that ho i\turned to Emma Lamar ho had earned ovory cent, by tho labor of hia hands, Ho hnd acquired regular habita and regained . his self-respoct j and whon he aaked Emma Lamar to bolus wife, she was not ashamed tosay that sho lovod him, The.oldMeadowa houso wasrefurnishod, and thrown open, A happy family gathered in it, and rosy ohildron played in the garden, Thoy littlo droamed how noar to doath their beloved father had onoe borne in that old plaoe. 