NO ROBBERY. Mrs. Christie's was anything hut an unpleas ant house, and the people who were staying in it were anything but unpleasant. My precon ceived. notion had been that the folks one would meet in a boarding-house were of a doubtful sort ; at the best it seemed inevitable that there would be social cats purring inquisitivelv and treacherously all about. So it was a welcome surprise to find the house so different from my anticipations. Mrs. Christie herself I knew hut slightly. She was the widow of a mining engineer wh'o had done good service to our family hi my father's days. She had set up a boarding-house on Russel street, and when it happened that I had to go up to town to consult my old college friend Marton, now a barrister, about some business, instead of putting up at my usuul quarters, I went, at my mother's request, to Sirs. Christie's, not without some misgivings about- the wisdom of the step I was taking ; but I thoughtthat anyliowit would be a new ex perience ; and that was just what it did prove to be eventually. The company was made up of an Indian army doctor and his d vugliter, she being a damsel fair to look upon; two spinsters from Shropshire; a west country parson and his' wife; Mrs. Christie's "nephew, a clerk in a bank; myself, and a couple about whom no one knew any thing— save Mrs. Christie, and she not much— but whom every one allowed to he the most charming and delightful people they had met for many a day. Mr. and Mrs. Walcot had travelled much, and were evidently well read, but they neither wearied one's ears with the glories of Capri or Granada, nor pestered you tvith talk about books they had read and you hadn't; they made no display, and though brilliant conversationalists, they were just the pleasant kind of people in whose company you could sit without wanting to talk at all. He was a tall, sparely built man, well set up, with regular features, a man of fine bearing, yet not quite like a soldier ; she was hardly so distinguished looking as her husband, hardly so handsome ; her features just missed regularity, hut eyes and mouth had a fascinating piquancy of expression whichmode her the most attractive woman I had ever met : I thought so then and I think so still, though I have considerably ex tended my experience since those days when my mother guarded her fledgling from the attacks, rapacious or insidious, of every breed of haipy. But the most pleasing trait in this couple was that though so plainly devoted to one another, and satished with their own cempany, they werc not wholly eaten up with mutual admira- tion; their nature seemed to have a sympa thetic feeling that molded itself to suit the dispositions of those around, without sacrificing its own individuality. No wonder all likea them; I was particularly grateful for their courtesy, not being blessed in either looks or style ; I had unfortunately inherited my mother's manner and my father's face ; had it been the other way about, I should doubtless have proven the social success which I was painfully conscious that I now was not. And it must have been out of pure good nature that they were so friendly, for I had made it a point with Mrs. Christie — whether she kept her pro mise I don't know — that 6he should say nothing to' her guests about Earnshaw Hall, or the mines, or the plate and pictures, or my mother's famous diamonds, or tne glories of a country house that women love. The only one who did not take kindly to them was Marton. On the Thursday after we had concluded our businsss I prevailed upon him to dine with me at Mrs. Christie's, and I remember noting how everyone seemed to be at his or her best; even Marten's severe features relaxed, and he showed himself almost more than courteous to the Indian girl, between whom and one of the Shropshire spinsters he was sitting, evidently quite satisfied with his environment, as he owned when I was ' setting him back,' as they say in the North, to his chambers, ' but — but- — ' ' But me no buts ; what is wrong now ?' ' Why, those people to whom yon have taken so violently, the Walcots.' . ' What about them, Mr. Sensor ?' ' They gave me an uncomfortable feeling ; not that they look uncanny, but I am haunted by the ghost of some fordding reminiscence, as if I had seen that woman's eyes before — and I am sure I have — but when or where I cannot recollect; and I am equally sure they were con nected with something shady — what that, too, was I cannot bethink me ; a hazy, indefinite recollection it was, but one that clung to mo all the while.' 'May I suggest dyspepsia? too hard work indoors, too little exercise.' ' Maybe you are right, but do you, too, use a pinch of caution in cementing your new friend ship. Good-night.' n. A few evenings before I went home, as Walcot and I were in the. smoking-room,. I. asked him if he would not bring Mrs. Walcot' down to Earnshaw for a few days. It was near the end of May, the May fly-fishing would be on during the next ten days, so that here would be something to do beside seoing the oountry, which was magnificent; there were a few show places for those who eared for them, and the season was in its prime for drives over the hills. I put forward all the attractions of the place to induce him to eome down ; I could see that Mrs. _ Walcot could hit it off with my not too easily pleased mother, espe cially because being married , she could not possibly be a siren, and the man had plenty to talk about, yot never tired one with talking of- himself. I was rather surprised then when he hesi tated about accepting on invitation so unre servedly given. Why should he stammer, and, I thought, positively blush _ and hesitate about so simple a matter, especially as at first he seemed eager to come, for his face had lighted up cheerily, 'but' was. obscured directly afterward' by a gloomy look, almost one of .sadness. There was certainly, a tone of distress in -his- voice as he said,'. ,' You are yeiy .. kind. ' I and my wife-rl Know . lean -sgeak for hery-should; greatly like to ' come northward, but it is scarcely possible.'' This' wire with- more warmth of desire to accept the invitation than depth" bf conviction : about' its impossibility. After some further pressure, evidently yielding, at last he said : v.. < Ypu.arie.really so friendly that it. would , be ho less ungrateful than ungraeious to keep track from you the real roasori why we shrink from what promises to be so pleasant a visit; and what we havesecn of you in the past week frees me. from any doubt that you will pot let what I tell you go further than yourself. My wife, to whom, as you know, I am devotedly attached, has a sad affliction. Until her illness,: two years ago, there was not a trace of what would now make her life an intolerable burden were she not supported by our strong mutual affec tion and confidence. After that illness she de veloped kleptomania. Till then the most scrupulously honest and peifectlv exact woman I have ever known, she now lias a strange passion for secreting, not anything and every thing, but only jewellery ; strangely her , ailment only runs in this, groove. : By keeping a strict watch, I have hitherto been fortunate enough to restore whatever trinkets she has' surreptitiously removed. A few intimates only know of our trouble, and, as they understand how things are, we feel less unhappy ; still one is anxious, and this is why we have rather 6hrunkfrom accepting the many invitations we receive from the friends who, wo believe, have a genuine regard for us.' ' I ihink you might reckon me among them,' said 1, ' and now that I know and am, so to speak, forewarned, why should you hesitate ? I conld tell my mother what you have told toe before you come, unless ' — seeing something ' of a doubt in his face — 'you would rather I didn't.' ' To tell the truth,' he said, after a pause, ' if the knowledge could be confined to yourself I think it would be better. Possibly there may be no trouble while we are with you — I am as suming that you would still he willing to have us — and then there would be no need to have thus bared our wounds.' ' Very well; if anything does happen we shall find it out, and you "can send back whatever is taken, and then I can explain it all to my mother; and if nothing is taken, nobody will he any the wiser. You see, too, that Mrs. "Walcot need not know anything about my mother's jewels.' ' Pray, are they very valuable or. attractive ?' ' Both ; and my mother is rather careless, as I think, about these treasures, which are chiefly diamonds; she will keep them in a cabinet in her boudoir, the last place, she says, where a burglar would search, if one could get in ; the windows look out on the cliff over the river and our sevants are trustworthy. She says she will not have them long, and we must indulge an old woman's whims. Still we will not parade them, or even speak of them at all, before Mrs. Walcot. 'Yes,' said he, looking relieved, ' that will be best; we will hot let her know of their existence. Audnowthatyouunderstandalllshall be happy to bring my wife ; only, by the way, don't breathe a word to madome to intimate to hei that you know what I- have just told you ; for, if she eveu suspected you knew, nothing on earth would induce her to come northward.' 'So he it; My mother will write — let me see, this is Tuesday — you'll get her invitation on Thursday, so that you can accept and come down, if it suits your convenience, on Saturday; then our arrangements will fit in.' III. A few.leaves from my diary : ' Friday, May 30th. — M. wrote to the Walcots ; marvellously civil. Signed "deeds. Bunch with Marton. , Walcot cheery at dinner, evidently plojised with the prospect of visit '; especially M. had not forgotten to invite " Venus." 'Saturday. 31st. — Down by- 10.00 express. Wonder of wonders, M. at station with piebald ponies; but she takes marvellously to Mrs. Walcot. Two days' rain. There'll be good water to-morrow, of course, when we mayn't fish. 'Sunday, June 1. — Lively as usual, but take the Walcots up the gien m the evening to my favourite spot. Mr. Walcot is.enraptured with the juace. ' Monday, 2nd.— -Off in the drizzle to fish. Really a good day, thirty-four brace of trout. Walcot not htilf a had hand. Have to leave the woman-kind athome ; hope they won't get into mischief. 'Tuesday, 3rd — A really good day, fifty-three brace and three ssa-iisli. il. drives Mrs. Walcot over the hill to see the mines. 'Wednesday, -1th — Sessions, if. drives the W alcots to H lies water. At dinner telegram for Walcot. Says they, or at least he, must go early to-morrow. M. wants him to leave madome till Saturday. She consents, keeping Venus. ' The dog's useless as a guard ; heard the beast snuffing in the corridor during the night. ' Thursday, 5th — Venus rambling ugain ; heard her when stable clock struck two. Walcot goes. Stroll in woods all morning; teach Mrs. Walcot to fly fisli in '.afternoon. 'Friday, 6th— Much as yesterday, .but fish with Mrs. Walcot in morning.' Drive' after lunch. - t f - - ,V 'Saturday, 7th— See" Mrs. Walcot off . at. eleven. Dreadfully dull day... Hope' /Marton-. anyhow won't disappoint me ; \ he's sure to corne as I asked him, now the Walcots.hnve gone. ' ' / ' 1 . : ' : ' ' Sunday, 8th— As per usual ; yet I survive. 'Monday, 9tli — -Here's "'-a strange matter: Walcot writes that after all she did take, my mother's diamonds luckily he found it out immediately oh her arrival, and has sent heavily- insured by train from Leamington to Penrith to wait there, not wanting to attract attention at Earnshaw by a registered packet of that size coming by post. ' Drive to Penrith, find parcel, mighty thankful to get diamonds, quietly re place in the cabinet. By greatest luckM. had never discovered their absence. .' By the way, how did Mrs. Walcot know about the diamonds ? Walcot would not tell her, of course. Suppose she and the mater got talking, and they must have been exhibited one of those days we were fishing. Can't ask M.'; must wait I suppose. Perhaps the poor thing felt the beginning of the craving, and concealed her knowledge from her husband; or, just possibly, didn't see them till he had gone. However, all's well that ends well. IV. , Had all ended well ? The night after Mar- toll came he made many inquiries, over our pipes, about the Walcots, and still seemed to have an unaccountable prejudice against them. It was no good to show how much my mother, also, thought of him, and how taking, yet simple, his wife was, till at last I grew quite warm in defence of my new friends, and for proof positive told Marton in what a straight forward way Walcot had informed me of his wife's failing, and how quickly he had taken pains to remedy what had happened. Martin listened very quietly to my arguments with his sphinx-like face, which, only as I concluded, relaxed into a grim smile almost more aggravat ing than his former impenetrability. 'What on earth makes you look like that ?' I' said, a trifle holty. 'Dear hoy.' said Marton, dryly, 'If I told you you would only ha more angry than you axe now, so what's the good ?' ' Nay, out with it. I know I'm inclined to champion my friends ; but I should not, you may be sure, if I had not the fullest confidence in them.' ' That is " plain for all men to see," and you will be annoyed if I speak out, but I will risk that, foryour wrath will soon blow oier. My thoughts come to this : I am not sure there is not somethingwrong about those diamonds.' ' Wrong ! How could there possibly be ?' ' I haven't analysed the thing clearly yet. Have you examined the stones oarefully since yougot them back 7' To tell the truth, I never thought of it ; only just opened the case and laid them in the cabinet as quickly and quietly as possible. But what could happen to them ? Mrs. Walcot only left here on Saturday, and the diamonds were back on Monday. What could have gone wrong in that time?' . ' Nothing in that time, eertainly ; hut ' 'But what?' _ ' Don't be hasty. I was thinking— By- the-way, have those stones been seen by an ex- perHeweller lately?' . _ , ' Yes, not two months ago. Some fastening had eome loose when we were up in London, and my mother took them to RoskeH's ; I was with her and remember what the man- said of them.' . ' I'll' ask one thing of you, then. Let us have , those diamonds examined. H there is any thing wrong, it 'is full time you should know. If they are all right you will have a legitimate row over me, and you may crow as loud as ever you like.' I still felt provoked with Marton, but here was a ehanse, indeed a certainty, of proving his suspicious unfounded, and showing that even the astute Marton was not infallible, so I . con sented more readily than I. should otherwise have done. ' All right, but how are we to get them awav to he looked at without my mother's knowing ?' ' Bring a man over from Peurith or Carlisle when Mrs. Easton is' out, and ostensibly for some other purpose.' .: V And this- was what was done. . Thet man for- whomf s'ent'hhd inorie Knowledge, as'T knewi than most local jewellers/ and was safe. He came the'next afternoon,. Rnd,' while my mother was paying a call, examined' the parure/ with Marion ana myself. To my unutterable ' con fusion and horror, he pronounced the stones no stones at all, but paste, and not very good paste, either. V., ; ' u I';. Marion did not langhnow ; he was too much' concerned about ihy; obvious - distress - and i annoyance. To find one's idol so utterly j shattered was a stunning blow ; but I had to arouse myself, for there were others to he con- sidered. "What on earth was to he done? The original stones were worth many thousands of pounds; I did not like that loss, but the prospect of my mother's trouble, when the truth became known, vexed me infinitely more. . 'Anyhow,' said Marton at last, 'let -us- beep it quiet for the present. I have no doubt Mr. Eawsthorne will say nothing about it to any one.' Rawsthorne, whom he had known for yearn, promised silence, and I am sure he kept his promise. After he had gone, Marton said ; ' I don't know exactly what maue me sus picions, except the conviction that I've seen that woman before and in connection with something that wasn't straight. You said there wasu't time to get those stones changed between the Saturday, the day Mrs, "Walcot left Earnshaw, and the Monday when you got them back. But how, if it wasu't Mrs. Walcot at all who took them on the Saturday, but he on the — which day did he go ? Wednes day?' ' No ; on Thursday by an early train.' ' Well, if he took them on the Thursday, he could get them changed by the Saturday night ; no doubt he had the false ones ready, or somewhere within easy reach — Birmingham, most likely; he posted them, you said, in Leamington.' ' But how could they have got the dia monds ?' I made one more struggle iu my unwillingness to believe. ' I don't think-that they were out of our sight at all, except perhaps when dressing for dinner, and at that time my mother would herself be dressing in the next room with tlie intervening door open ; and when they went to bed.' ' Ah ! were they in bed all night ? Your "bedroom is the next the boudoir ; did your hear any one enter, or any noise ?' ' Nothing ; I sleep soundly — by the way, yes, but I did. I heard that wretched Venus snuffing about, and I told Mrs. Walcot in the morning that Venus was not. much to depend on for a guardian, the creature rambled about so.' . ' What did she say ?' ' Nothing that I remember.' ' Be sure he got hold of them then, and took the dog either to give warning, or to afford an excuse if he were found at that side of the house hy saying the dog had slipped out and he had followed to find her. A pretty piece of work you will have to get them hack. If you go at him straight he will declare the stones are as his wife brought them, and that you are not actmg as a gentleman should — that is where he will have you — in suggesting that they have changed them. So often husbands have sold their wives' diamonds and substituted paste that he can easily insinuate that you have had them changed yourself to spend on larks, without the mater, your agent, your hanker or any one being the wiser, and he will say you have taken advantage of what he told you as a trusted friend ; he can make out a specious case, and a man of that stamp can invent other fictions hardly less annoying. Mrs. Walcot stayed alone with you I think you said, from the Thursday till the Saturday. I suppose you don't mind spending a hundred or two over the business if you can only recover them ?' ' Certainly, and twice as'much for the thing neverto have happened. I can hardly persuade myself even now that they could he guilty of such knavery.' Marton said no more, but laid hold of a Bradshaw, .and despatched a telegram, the reply to which gave a plausible excuse for his going off the next morning, and since I was too uncomfortable to rest quietly at home, I said I would go with him for three/ or four days. Eut there was another thing to be done ; take the trinkets with us we must, yet we could not take them without my mother's knowledge. Marion's readiness and decision solved the diffi culty. He asked me to show him the jewels; he then deliberately snapped a bit of the set ting, so that two of the stones were loosened. I stared in amazement, but he simply said ' Wait,' and put the case back in the cabinet. After dinner, as it was a rainy evening, Marton made as though he wanted to be amused, and asked my mother, like a spoilt child, to be allowed to look at lier diamonds for a treat. She was rather surprised at such frivyoity ou the part of the sedate and stem Marton, but of course had them brought. As soon as the case was opened, and she became aware of the accident, my mother was loud in her lamentations, and had no thought about any thing, except how the mis fortune had happened, and what was to he .doiie; but she was somewhat- pacified when Marton suggested that we should take the set up to town in the morning and get the mischief remedied. I wish I had that man's promptitude and nerves. \- The next night saw us in close conference with a , "detective— I hate those crawling creatures, hut there was no choice— and we re view the situation. Where were the Walcots ? Since they would doubtless brazen it out if directlv challenged, they would pi-obably not be specially anxious to conceal their whereabouts. They had spoken of returning to Mrs. Christie's for a couple of days, and then visiting some friends before going over to Paris, so Mrs. Christie would probably be able to inform us where they were. Had they the stones with them? We guessed so, and that these stones were to bo disposed of across the channel. So no time was to be lost; if they went be yond seas, good-bye to our cliaucc of recovering them. How on earth were they ever to be got hold of? VI. (Letter from Mr. John Dene.) Kehtstox, June IS, 1SS6. Sin, — On leaving you after receiving your instructions, I started for this place, the nearest station to Lythe Court. There is ' likely to be considerable difficulty in getting a foothold at the Court, hut I decided to make my approaches as a groom changing his place and taking a few days' holiday in the neighbourhood, having lived as a boy at Newmarket, and knowing consider able about horses. Not to take up too much time to the telling, I may 6ay I was soon at home there, and made free of the servants'-hall, where, by means of a civil tongue with the upper servants, and a chiruppey manner with the maids, being also able to siuga lively song, if called upon, I became frendly with the lot, so could consider who was likely to be useful, and learn the ways of the visitors. I found Mrs. Walcot didn't have no maid with her ; the houskeeper'3 niece, who was visiting her aunt, lody's-maided her ; but she was no good,- uervous, and no spirit about her. There was a middling lot of servants, what with the visitors; hut at last I fixed ou one, sir, as j-ou might, not think. She was ail Indian woman — a nurse — a ayah they call them, to the nieces of the mistress, Mrs. Hamilton, as had come from India in the spring. She was uncommon" dark, rather small, but had a firmish look about her mouth, and her beadish black eyes missed nothing. I guessed she would not stick at trifles, and would know as well as most our common language, winch was pounds, shillings, and peuce ; and it seemed best to lubricate the machinery freely. When we had come to an understanding liow I wanted something done particularly quiet, I told her who I was and what 1 was after, and how this couple was supposed to be in possession of the stones known to have been changed. I wanted her to find out if they had the stones with them, and if so to get them into her hands, changing them if possible for the false ones, but anyhow getting the stones. And I promised a sovereign down on the nail for every Btone, big or little, and there was known to be 157. You should have seen her eyes glisten when I told her how much it was in their money, rupees, and when I showed her the bag of shiners. I proposed we should pretend to bs keeping company, and we should have nothing to bother us but the ' others' chaff. She caught on directly. That same night she told me in the shrubbery she hod discovered that Mrs. Walcot dressed early for dinner, and always locked her trunks before coining down, and carried the keys in her pocket ;' the little dog Venus slept in their room; they locked the room-door regularly every night, and there was a small revolver in her dressing-bag. - : The first supposition was that the stones, if they had them at all, - were in their trunks. This I much doubted ; still the search had to be made, and to do this either the locks must be picked or Mrs. Waloot's keys be ' got hold of ; the former alternative seemed harder, as the locks would probably be well made, but it would take less time than waiting to secure the keys, and time was an object. Accordingly I put into the ayah's hands a bunch of skSeton key's to try her luck with the locks, and if they, offered, no resistance, to overhaul the trunks; that night while they were ftt" dinner; This : venture was successful in one way; -but not in another. -The Womon's'skilled fingers mastered- thelocks,-hut there were no'diamonds.-' 'Plenty- bf pretty things,' she said, 'hut no diamonds' ; she had the wit to see if the . trunks had any secret receptacle. I told her to examine the high heels of her shoes, the thick ivory hair brushes, and all coils of hair, but it was no iise. ; .-. Then he or she oarried them about? Which? She for choice, because if found on her it conld be attributed to kleptomania, which wouldnit apply to him. BeBide the complications of a woman's dress afford hiding places which the secretiveness of her character delights in. Concluding, then, that she had them about her, we had these difficulties to counteract : 1\. The presence of her husband. . 2\. The little dog. 3\. The locked door. 4\. The revolver. 5\. Finding the whereabouts of the stones. / 6\. Getting them. An hour's quiet walk in the lanes settled my plans.. I concluded that the business must be done at night, if it was to he done without resorting to violent measures, and \ 1\. The husband must be got away for one night. 2 Venus must be dosed with a soporific (and her mistress, too, if necessary). 3\. I knew how to overcome this. 4\. The mechanism of the revolver must he disarranged or the cartridges damped. , 5 and (j depended on the skill and nerve of the ayah. And tlie steps I decided to take with regard to each particular were these : 1\. To get the husband off the ground, he must be summoned away elsewhitherto by a telegram ; but from whom, so that he would believe it genuine and act on it ? I set Safiyaii, that was her name, to watch the letter-hag — not that ho was very likely to entrust anything important to that, which anyone might see — and then strolled down to pick up what scraps of information I could by hook or crook at the post-office. And here I had a fine piece of luck. As I entered the office, whom should I see hut Mr. Walcot himself, just handing in a telegram. 'What's this name ? Barrett, is' it ?' asked the official. ' Yes, it's plain enough,' was the reply in a sharp tone of annoyance. ' B, a, r, r, e, double t,' slowly spelt the un moved operator, ' and are these letters E. C. ?' ' Yes, can't, you read ?' replied Mr. Walcot, very wrathfully. ' E.C.' repeated the man in the saine monotonous way as before ; ' affix the stamp, please.' This was the last straw. ' - you,' said my gentleman, and quitted the office, slamming the door; the telegraph mail hud to lick the stamps himself. That wasn't my business, though I'd have licked a hundred stamps for the information I had got. Returning at once to my rooms, I wrote to a friend I often work with to send this message without fail next day from some office in the E.C. district : ' To Walcot, Lythe Court, Kempston. Meet me at tlie Grand 10 to-night. Barrett ;' and I also asked him to despatch, this at 9.30 next night : ' Walcot, Grand hotel, Trafalgar- square. Had : to go suddenly, Paris. Barrett.' I should thus' get Walcot away, and too late for him to return that night. He would comeback next day without having his sus picions unduly roused, and without hunt ing up Barrett, whoever he was, supposing him off for Franco. -I guessed he would take the bait, because he seemed riled at any one hearing Barret's name in the telegraph office. I warned my co-operator hy wire to expect an im portant letter. 2\. Half a dozen drops of laudanum in a hit of chicken at 8 p.m. would settle Venus com fortably for the night, and two or three in madanie's cocoatina would be just enough to make her sleep rather heavily. 3\. I told the ayah to bring me the key of the bedroom door at 7.45, when the guests would have sat down to dinner. I had "dealt with such before. Every key of thfe kind has a solid stem ending in a knob or boss, which stands outermost in the locked door; with a narrow flat file I divided this boss vertically in a slit an eighth of an inch deep, making it like a screw. By inserting a small screwdriver or broken pen knife in the slit, it was possible to make the key revolve, and open the door ; in the same way the bolt might he shot back again and the door relocked, and apparently all he just as before. Of course the lock should be oiled so as to work easily. Most people think it safer to leave the key in the lock, but this is no good if the key has been filed like the one I held, and it never occurred to Madame Walcot to examine hers. 4\. With a hypodmeric syringe which Safiyah hunted up — it belonged to one of the fine ladies — I injected a few drops of water through the paper sheath of each cartridge the revolver held. They were safe enough now. All those points were duly dealt with; in the first only did we risk much, but our chances were as good us 'the enemy's, and as yet the enemy were unsuspecting. As five and six did not depend on me I could only wait ; hut I relied on the ayah ; there was a look about her slender brown fingers that reminded me of wonderful tales of Indian jugglery. 1 wanted her to take some chloro form iu case of accident, hut she despised this. Next morning, soon after sunrise, she met 'me in our usual walk in the shrubbery with a calm face, but in reply to my inquiry : 'What luck?' unfastened her headger and poured into my hat. what looked in the bright early , sun shine like a shower of sparkling dewdrops. I said not a word till I had counted out into her hands 157 sovereigns ; and when she had stowed them away I asked for the history of her adventure. This she told me at length, but I don't give it here, for she has to take the children to London to-morrow, to ireet some other relations, and as she will stay at the Arundel at the Embankment, no great way from the Temple, I thought you, sir, might like to see her yourself and hear her tale from her own lips. - . . She had hardly ended when she heard a window open above; and nccring up . through the screen of leaves saw the face of Mrs. Wal cot, looking bright and fresh in the early morn ing light. I'm a hard man, but I could nothelp feeling sorry for her, deceiver though she was, when I thought how much on the wrong side of the balance her accounts were likely to make up. I shall return by the mid-day express, and bring the diamonds to your chambers in the afternoon.— I am, sir, your obedient servant, Join; Dene. Sidney Marton, Esq., Temple, London. P.S. — Wc wero only just in time. I heard at the Court this afternoon, where I strolled so as not to seem to leave hurriedly, that Mr. Walcot was coming down by midday train, and they are off to Paris" on Friday. J.D. YU. 'Well,' said Marton, as he folded up Dene's report, ' I suppose that is about tlie eud of the business, except interviewing the man and getting the diamonds. It is to he hoped that the supple-fingered Indian hasn't tricked Dene after nil and kept tho genuine articles herself. By-the-way, I should rather like to hear what that women has to tell us. Step down with me to the Arunden, and we will try to find her.' I did not much care to hear anything more about the abominable business ; but as Marton seemed to wisb it, and I was so indebted ..to him in the matter, I smothered my disinclination and went. . Safiyah was not hard to find, and this is the tale she told us: ' As soon as I heard the gentlemen disperse from tho smoking-room, and the house at last began to be still, Icrept downstairs, and quietly sat down in the window-seat at the southern angle of the corridor. I had taken care to open the casement before, and the night was perfectly calm, so that I could catch whatever sounds came froin Mrs. Walcot's rooms, as they were reached from the opposite wall ; I heard her talk tolier dog Venus, "Poor dear creature, what makes it so sleepy then?" (I could have told her) ; I hoard her open and shut with a click her travelling hag, and soon followed another hard metallic sound, which I guessed came from; laying the revolver on' the little marble table by the bedside ; I heard the clinking of the spoons in her cup of cocoatina, then the sound of the cup and saucer set down; then ten. minutes of shuffling, then a long yawn — of which I was glad, for it meant drowsiness — the light went out; but at this time of year there is a dim luster clear enough to see by all night. Soon all was still. I waited there a full hour, that hersleep might be settled and deep. Next I looked to see that all the doors in the corridor were closed, so that there might be no draught to shut any of them with an awakening bang, though as the night was calm, there was little chance of that ; still it was well to be on the safe side. Then with the small screw-driver Mr. Dene gave me I softly turned the key, pushing back against the spring, but not relaxing my hold after the resistance was overcome, so that there was no sound; then I turned the handle, and as thiii, like all at the Court, was well-fitted ; it made no noise ; inch by inch I opened the door, and at last I stood inside ; I had nothing with me but the bag containing the false stones, a delicate feather, and my own slrill and courage. ' I stood and considered. I could see a little and hear more ; the dog was breathing heavily in her bosket near the marble table. Mrs. Wal cot had her face turned the other way and was fast asleep. Then I slipped round the bed and observed the sleeper. One hand lay outside the coquerlet, the other was placed beneath her cheek and parted lips, hut .whether it held - any thing could, not 'be seen ; nor. as she' then lay, could I pass my hand beneath the pillow. And now began my task. You have heard of the Indian thieves, and how, by. making a sleeper toss about restlessly, they can steal away the very bed-clothes on which ho is lying. All this I knew and many another trick of hand- cunning. ! ' And now, ohe slightest touch of the tiny feather, she moved - her head; another touch, her hand stirred ; a third, her head turns half around, and, held loosely in her fingers, appears' in the twilight a small leathern hag. Now for .the test of .delicate skill; hardly a brush, hardly more than a fanning of the surface of' those slender fingers, and the hold relaxes J I touch the bag, the treasure is mine —no, not yet—the hand slowly begins to close again. Shall I snatch the prize ? No ; such roughness is only for clumsy hands ; lot be awhile ; yet one more subtle stirring of that satin silk, the faintest ruffle ; her hand once more uncloses and remains unclosed. Softly I grasp the hag, untying the thick cord, of silk, and bury it iu my pocket, where , the diamonds moke no 60und as they fall; then, withdrawing my hand, I unfasten the other bag and insert it in the neck of hers, smoother- ing tlie two in my sliawl as I reverse their posi tion, to drown the noise of the moving stones. And now it is done, the silken band is tied again. — still she sloops peacefully — and lastly I replace the bag near her hand as it was before. Was it a part or my natural cruelty, or the pride of triumphant skill, that made me . yet once more touch her hand, which, as it opened and reciosed again, grasped the hag, to com plete the unhappy woman's deception? All over now, save an easy retreat; one look around to see that no traces are left; softly I open the door, softly pass through, softly close it again. I go down the stairs and pass out into the cool night air, where I walked in the shrubbery till Mr. Dene came, and 1 gave him the real diamonds. Ah, Sahibs.' she added, 'you are our masters, but you have a -great deal to learn from us.' VIU. . . But I had an experience yet to come: The next inormng Marton and I decided to ; finish the. business by takmg the stones, with -the settings, to he replaced; and when, that was done I vowed I would make my mother keep them in a safe ; indeed, I had written tac night before to Gaskcll, tlie agent, to order one suitable for the wall in my mother's hou- doir. We were just turning into the jeweller's when — good heavens ! — whom should we meet face to face but— the Walcots ! I stammered out something, and felt hot all over, and utterly miserable, hardly knowing whether I was standing on my heels or my head ; and they did not seem much more at them ease, at least Marton said so afterward. Ho was calm and imperturbable, and never, he said, enjoyed a scene so much m his life, though the actors played their parts in a manner that was beneath contempt. At last, after some of the tritcst and most trivial remarks, we got disentangled and managed to say 'good- day.' It was natural to mc to be awkward at a crisis, -but they were people of the world; presently, however, we found what it was that had "disconcerted them. We were just unfolding our business to tlie jeweller, the same man who had so greatly admired these stanes a few months before ; he remarked how much more fortunate we were in our pos session than the lady and gentleman who had just gone. ' How so?' asked Marton. ' Thoy .wished to dispose of somo valuable diamonds, -they said, and we were not unwilling to become tho purchasers of really good stones, but when tliey untied the little leathern bag which contained them and poured them on the counter, 1 saw at a glance that they were not genuine stones, and told them so, 1 have never seen people more surprised or amazed. He muttered ' After all that trouble.' but she had not a word to utter, iu fact she seemed dazed and stupefied. Pray, can you tell mo, sir, who they are, if I may take the liberty ; I think they spoke with you as you entered ?' ' Their name is Walcot. and that is about all I can tell you.' \- '"And Gerard,' he said as we departed, ' that was about enough ; to any one who knew them it spoke volumes, ay, whole libraries, didn't it? Anyhow, I think we have heeu ' upsides' with them,- as thev say m your country, this time.' And Ithought so too. — John Paslcw. in Uel- gravia. 