cuft&asrr; topics. Practically Mr. M'Millan has thrown uf> tho. sponge. Two mouths ago lio predicted that lie would have at the end of tho year a surplus of L84;000, aiid I10 talked' largely about knocking off.'liiuidrods of thousands of pounds worth of duties. Tiie Foreign- it-ado party professed to believe his prophesy, but us it did not deceive for a Single momeiit. We know 'tliitb if thore was a surplus at all it would be a very small one, and that possibly there would bo a deficiency. ''Now tho Treasurer lia -himself admitted that ivo were right, for he said on Saturday that while ' there will not bea very largd amount there "will be a distinct surpliis on the year's " operations." This is an acknowledgment - that he misled , the public 011 July 31 last; aud it is an additional proof that as a finance Minister lie is- an utter failure. How is it. . tliab Foreign- trade Treasurers ahvay3 do mislead the . public in regard to the estimated revenue aiid expenditure; Is there something in the' Foreigii-trade creed that causes ati irresistible tcndcucy to! false, prophesying and to misrepresentation iii general? Mr. Burns, it will be j-enioint . bored; predicted ii. surplus' of. 1.916,000 fdr 1887, but the balance-sheet for the year showed a deficit. Mr. M'Millan's failure . lids not surprised us. .' As we said s'oine time ago, he may know! how to finance for n, drapery store, but that is a vastly different ' thing from financing, -for' a nation. ' . In yesterday's issue the Daily Telegraph made a characteristic attempt to fix; upon the majority of the Protectionists in Parlia ment tho responsibility for Mr. Cnibit's, recent misdeeds. A more dastardly, offence than this has soldom been committed by any newspaper, and we are happy to beliovo that there are not maiiy journalists in Australia who are capable of such couduot. Ou a certaiu memorable occasion a very prominent Free-trader used the most opprobrious language to Sir Patrick Jen nings during a sceno in the Legislative Assembly, but no opponent of that siniior ever liihted that his associates wcro plir- titkers iii his blackguardism. Nor if a mem ber of the editorial staff of tho .Daily Telegraph were to use abusive language in 'public would it be fair to hold fill tile employees iii the ofiico .responsible fbr tiie transgression: Men who use weapons like that referred to in fighting their opponents are public enoinies. \Ve have a thorough detestation of the offence committed by Mr. Crick in the Assembly the other day, but every, sobet-ininded mail cannot help feeling tiiut it Wfis not So heinous as tiie outrage committed by the Telegraph in the paragraph under notice. We hope our contemporary will continue to libel the Opposition ; at ull events, praise from such a critic is to ho deprecated. — e . That the recent conference of tho National party has been successful in extending tho iufiueiico of Protection is proved from tho comments that have been made on it by the Foreigu-trado press. Ill these it is pro tended that the speakers wote of a low order of intellect, and that the arguments they used were exceptionally silly. They jemind one of the criticisms passed by ugly and disappointed women on acknowledged belles. Censorious remarks from such persons are tho greatest compliments that could be paid to the objects of their envy or hatred. Our Foreign-trade contempo raries could not say, although possibly they may have had tho will to do so, that any of the- speakers at the conference mis represented facts. This, however, was dono pi the most glaring manner by Messrs. Oakham, Reid, and Carruthers in their addresses delivered at the meetings held in connection with the Freo-trade conference. The Foreign-traders know that their cause is lost, and like most people iu similar cir cumstances thoy l-esort to immoral tactics to delay us long as possible the smash up which they dread. « Mr. Norwood, chairman of tho London St. Katherino's Dock Co., has risen to con dole with his capitalist brethren on the suc cess of tho recent laborers' striko. Tho reason why tho compauies had to "sur- "rendor," ho states, was the maudlin philanthropy which induced outsiders to supply tho men's families with food, and so prevent tho capitalists from instantly crushing them with tho weapon of starvation. Mr. Norwood severely condemns tho action of mou like Cardiual Manning in interforiug to prevent the laborers being starved into unconditional slavery, and also censures tho Tory Govern ment of Fngland for. not coming to the capitalists' aid in this emergency. But tho bitterest word of all ho reserves for the people of Australia, and it was when their subscriptions to tho strike fund came in that lie says capital murmured "et tu Brute" ami gave up the ghost. No doubt Mr. Norwood had formed his pre vious ideas of Australian character from tho " representative colonist" tribe who are constantly hanging round the portals of British "society" libelling these communi ties by professing to typify them. Hence his shock to find the strikers receiving active sympathy from Australia. The net result of all this, according to Mr. Norwood, is to give Loudon over to the "mercy of a "mob." If that is so, seoing that all tho mob ask is the right to earn Gd. an hour at the hardest toil which inau can perforin, they are making a most merciful' use of their opportunity. When tho city was at the morey cf tho capitalists that section helped themselves to all thoy could got, compelling tho mob to starvo to death in hundreds while they revelled .in luxury of all kind. The complaint now is that by sending food to the starving men this mob were 110 longer- loft at the meroy of tho sweating rings, and consequently tho latter had to allow the iormer a little- more for their labor, or go without it. But there is, nevertheless, a silver lining to the Loudon capitalists' cloud. Mr. Nor wood is happy to state that at Gd. an hour the competition for dock work will bo such that the omployers can pick the most superior cUi33,of mou in the country. It ;is therefore evidently good to be fin employer of labor iii Free- trade F.nglaiid, wiiere! .em ployers fniy take their '.pick, of liiillipiis for Gd. per liour; - Aiid those are the employers with whom the manufacturers of tills colony are told they must compete.. ! "The holder of a given area of the most '"valuable, eoal-miuing laud wili'be left with "110 advantage over .tiie holder ,.of' a similar , "area of the, poorest agricultural or pastoral "land." Tlifit is one of 'the 'joys to be looked for when tlio single-tax lnllleililium conies along, the description we have quoted boing from' 11 paper. l>y Mr. John Farkell, published in the journal of tho Fconomie Association for tlio past month. A revolution of conditions so complete aiid thorough should lieod' no words to recom mend it to nibii .who are iiot landowners. But it soom3 a pity, that the. business should- bo so one-sided in character. All tlm inai-kot value is toi be taken from the , richest lauds, but there is fin utter absouce of suggestion tliab atiy , value. /. will be . ..added to the poorest lauds. Tho holders of good ' laud are to lose all, and the owners of poor laud ure: to gain nothing. That is the reason ivhv wo have nn to tlio present failed to appreciate the "sanctity of tho.siugle.tivx.- It , would take without reeoin- peu3e!:the papital!: value aiid uuiiual i-eiit i'roin all landholders; the rout '.being aiinbXod by the State, - the. capital value vanish ing utterly. To justify such an act of natioual'robbery. the Meggyite3 aro wont to instauco the caseoU a man who bought sonio'iarid for.'an ol'd song;' add' held oh' to it till it ofitrio to be! worth' millions. But hard' cases' make bad' law. ; There are spfiid'hpldbrs who liave pi'olited luigely by liauging du to land, but.'there are others whohavu' id ires ted; their life-savings iii allotments or . holdings, aiid hive never got more than biuik interest off their money, while in many such cases . the land, is- now! woi- tli loss -than it cost. To deprive such inen, not ' of unearned in- breihent,;but bf .hard-efirned capital, would ho public robbery, however scientifically described.' Landholders have a title which the law ' upholds, which the popular will approves; aiid wliich tlio thought of ' genera.-' tioiis has eiiddwed with a cfirtain per- lnaueubo. ; To wrost from them thsil- pro perty and revenue would be au injustice and a crime which the popular iniud will take long'to approve.; Wo would suggest to the Meggyites . that as they will never, in this century, got legislative approval to their scheme of robbery by Act of Parlia ment they should continue to ' uphold the preseut fiscal policy of Now South Wales. It is well-known that as a general thing land is cheaper now than it was five years ago, and is still on the deoline. If Free- trade is maintained the decline will! cei-- trainly continue, and '.thus' imperceptibly, and without legislative violence! landowners will be stripped of their wealth. But, even when that does happen we. don't think that any sort of a mileiiuium will.be on band. ; 