\TEB ALEXANDRA THEATRE. "HAMLET." Mr. Alfred Dampier commenced to re- deem a promise made some time since to produce several of Shakspeare's plays at the Alexandra Theatre on Saturday evening, when "Hamlet" was performed. There was a satisfactory attendance, and strangely enough a fall gallery, the occupants of which were unfortunately, however, inclined to be sensitive, to the great annoyance and inconvenience of the rest of the audience and the occupants of the stage, the efforts of the latter being often reduced to "dumb show by the noise which prevailed. this and other drawbacks incidental to an initial performance, as well as inherent de- facts in the cast, prevented a thoroughly successful representation of Shakspeare's masterpiece; but it was, on the whole, such as to deserve commendation. Mr. Dampier made the best of the material which he had at his command, and there was an evident desire to achieve something satisfactory in the way of stage appointments Indeed, the new scenery, the greater portion of which was painted by Mr John Hennings, formed quite a new feature. In such a part as Hamlet, capable of so many different readings, and requiring the minute study of an actor during probably the greater portion of his professional career, all that may be reasonably expected is that a man of something more than ordinary histrionic ability shall form a consistent conception of the character and conscientiously carry it out. From this point of view, Mr Dampier, impersonation was satisfactory. It was apparent that to every line of the text-familiar as it is to everyone due consideration had been given, and the varying humour of the melancholy prince was aptly illustrated, and Mr. Dampier secured the warm appreciation of his audiences '1 turning to Ophelia, it must be remarked that Miss Katherine Russell attempted something that was considerably beyond her, and especially in regard to the singing during the mad scene. Uncultured and interest vocalisation may not unnaturally be the accompaniment of a diseased mind, but in such a matter the mirror may be held a little too closely up to nature. In the interests of art, before an Actress attempts to sing in such a character as Ophelia she should have some greater pretensions to be considered a vocalist than Miss Hassell demonstrated on Saturday evening, and it would have been far better for her to have omitted the music altogether, otherwise the part was represented in a fairly creditable manner Miss Julia Merton was suited to the character of the Queen, whose coadjutor was impersonated with sufficient force by Mr H Stoneham. Mr. V B. i Baker made a good Horatio, and the part of Laertes was conceived in the proper spirit by Mr A. Boothman, though it was slightly overdone The weak voice of Mr. J. H. Martin, who appeared as PolomuB, could not be heard during the first portion of the play owing to the noise which proceeded from the gallery already referred to, and he failed to properly accentuate the humour which is usually associated with the toadying time server Among the rest of the cast Mr Edmund Holloway, as the ghost, and Mr. Caesar, as first actor, may be mentioned as having performed their parts well "Hamlet" is announced for representation during the week, and next Saturday's performance is to be under viceregal patronage. 