®rumb0. Rinks. ? E3'. Council. Theatre. Garner's. ,>>'3 "Drink." Porter capsules. Indian Museum. Butter from Baly. More retrenchment. Fruit expert wanted. „ "Little Monte Cristo." Boulangists turned forgers. Hon. J. H. Gordon explains. Tonga's heir-apparent is dead. Another dividend for Block 14. Steamer Braunschweig arrived. Rush of wool down the Darling. * Barometer at noon tp- day, 30'05, Shah tuned up in the " Village." The *' Graveyard" to be curtailed. Banquet to late Ministry proposed. Another half-dozen suokiug lawyers. North Melbourne footballers arrived, Billy O'Brien again In for martyrdom. A rod in pickle for the Peninsula M,P» Another North Pole lunatic turned up, All about the Seventh Minister to-day. Port still grizzling for the Barrier trade. Commercial Rowing Club ball to-night. Will the Upper House swallow tbe batt T Those capsules were seized by the Customs. Imperial revenue still ahead of last year's. Dr. Campbell determined to stick to ins , post. Savings Bank interest this year, 41 per cent. South-Eastern Land Board has finished ita work. Crumbman will have to interview Mr. Todd pjain. A fortnight's adjournment for the old fogies. Hobart jeweller escaped from his guardian at Rio. Diphtheria and typhoid prevalent in various suburbs. Portonians getting up steam for to-night's meeting. Leu dress and more drill would warm the lezy ones. Our "Seventh Minister" on his legBthl* afternoon. Norwood has received £478 14K. 6d. aa licence fees. Seven Cronin murder suspects to be tele this month. Old Bismarck is still opposed to German colonization. Crumbsran intends to interview Cierk of the Weather. Our Agricultural Bureau now wants a fruitpaoking expert. Coopers up in arms against imported " knocked-downs." PortonianB will have a talk about the Barrier trade to-night. Government cannot afford to spend money on mortality tables. Another crop of sucking lawyers, and advertising in globo, too. • *"] No substitutes, but make the rich and poor fight shoulder to shoulder. Why cannot Norwood Sohool Board meet in one of the publio schools ? Won't the butchers want an expert for their preserved meats and tallow? A nice present for the Semaphore Corpo' tion, £305 3s, 6d. from licence fees. Archbishop Cranmer was born, July 2 S 1489\. J ust 400 years ago to a nloety. Somebody trying to palm off Adelaide "sheaoak" for "extra Dublin stout." It's just this way. Have the Ministry power to appoint a seventh Minister ? Orient Co.'s tender for first branch o Canadian-Pacifio mail service accepted. M.P. Bartlett has to explain his lato " unfortunate condition" to his ma-ters. Sun rose at 7.11 a.m.; sets at 4.57 p.m. Moon rose at 9.45 a.m.; sets at 8.26 p.m. Late Mr. Easther was a prominent member of the theatrical profession in days of yore. "George Adelaide" wouldn't have the G.O.M, groaned down on board the Ormuz. A little driving drill with the Field Artillery would make some of the swells sit up. Klopstock, the famous German poet, was born at Quedlinburg, in Prussia, July 2, 1724\. . Hindmarsh Sanitary Inspector has pro* duoed an original operetta to vary his employment. With all this run is it not time for the farmers to Btop their jubilation and begia grumbling ? The cost to Viotoria of the Melbourne Centennial will be more than recouped by Customs increase. Now, who said that Dr. Campbell waif about to resi^A his abnormal position a Seventh Minister ? Not many modern elocutionists could vie with William Easthet either in memory at elocutionary ability. What are the Hindmarsh people invited to witness? Not a contingent Bishop but Bishop's Contingent. Melbourne Presbytery declines to stir uptrouble over the C.D. Act at the instance o the Scotch Free Kirk. General Downes says he wouldn't touch with a forty-foot pole any system which allows of substitution, A fruit- shipper who packs his produce la old paperhangings and dirty newspapersdeserves to lose the lot What a tieat to seeour " la-da-das" trudging, through the mud beside the patriotic 'orny- 'anded in the sacred cause of defence. Quotation for July 2:— God has given us wit, and flavour,and brightness, and laughter, and perfumes, to enlivea the oays of man's pilgrimage, and to charm bis (uinei steps over the burning mail.—Sydney Smith. " If all Bishops were like the Anglican ehie£ pis tor of Adelaide there would be less antagonism amongst Christians." Will our parsons make a note of this ? That notorious French physician, astrologer, and prognosticator of "plagues, pestilence, and famine," Michael Nostradamus, "shrffied off this mortal coil," July 2,1566. An authentio silver dollar of the Confederate States is valued by ooin collectors at' £200. Only a few were coined before the Confederate Mint ran out of silver. ^The twenty-fifth anniversary of the Intro* duction of Sunday-schools into Germany was reoently celebrated. There are now more than 1,000 Sunday-schools, with 11,000 teachers and 330,000 children, in tbe German Empire. Ah, well, is it to be wondered at; not many pickings now-a-days in the legal world, as evidenoed by aspiring legal luminaries in their advertised combination of bidding talent on the soore of economy— cheap law in the near future if they are only consistent Denis Diderot died in Paris July 2, 1784,. aged 7L He was a clever, voluminous, and Versatile writer, but his works are well saturated with tbe poisonous fluid of scepticism peculiar to his age and country. His " last dying speech" was—"the first step to wards philosophy is incredulity." One of Mr. Gladstone's grey hairs has been valued at four shillings in Naples. It . was picked from off his coat by a London: PreEsman, who sat behind him in church.. An Italian deputy to whom it was shown. seized it, threw down a five-franc piece, and* bolted. General Boulanger's one idol in life is said < to be hia mother. She was with him in 1859 - during the ten months in which he was in danger from a wound received at Solferino, and whioh has never healed. He spends every Sunday afternoon and evening with* her, and if away always sends her a telegram. Pope John X. reluctantly gave up the ghost, July 2, 928. That biographer says, *' He was a turbulent prelate, and defeated tne taisracens, who i*ad desolated Italy a lone time; but he was himBelf driven from Rome by Guy, Duke of Tusoaiy, and was put to death." If he had been consulted upon the - matter he would probably have preferred to have lived In a more peaceable age. "They say" that the island of Madeira was discovered by John Gonzales Zarco and Tristan Vaz, July 2, 1419. But tradition insists that it was discovered in 1314 b English mariner who was driven there t>y a „ storm, and afterwards escaped to Portugal in a cauoe he had made. Then again that old Italian chronicler will have it that the whole - group wes known to the Romans as the Purpurariae Insular 