CHAPTER XVI. .vs usr.xri:cri;i» hxeorxn:i:. '. There is a divinity that shapes our cuds, rough-hew thcni how we will." says the immortal bard ; and a most malignant and mischief-making divinity it seems to be at times. But we must not stop and bewail over the rough angles and spiutered fragments, but wait, with patience till the whole is complete, and then we shall see that every seemingly adverse strobe was needed to perfect and fiuislv the rounded life. To our human wisdom, it appears just the consummation of ill-luck that Colonel Gilbert Veruey should occupy the same train, indeed the same carriage, with the Countess of Strathspey that morning! line the colonel did so unconscious of evil iutent, it is true, but the effects of the oc currence were disastrous enough. The countesss was thickly veiled, ana although she was the sole lady passenger, it was sometime before he recognised her. He established himself comfortably, j read the morning paper, and heartily j wished this veiled female in -Jericho, in his ill-humor at being deprived of his i cigar, Not a thrill of interest or curiosity as to who or lvhat she was stirred his heart. The C«1oh«1 had pasted that stage of life wlien one takes ail interest in rail way acjuaiiitat ces. Lung years of soldier life in India had cooled the fover of his j'oung blood. He was now an eminently handsome bachelor, of seven-and-llui'ty years, a triple cynical, intensely practical, and the betrothed husband of Miss Julia Kercsford, heiress to the snug sum of ten thousand a year, in her own right. The colonel was runuing over to Paris, where chance or fate had stricken down a fellow-oHicer and bosom friend with typhoid fever. The despatch reached him that very morning, stating that his friend was dying, and had need ol' hitn. Colonel Vernev started down by the first train, never dreaming what a terrible construc tion would be placed upon his most humane journey. On ana on they went, the countess still closely veiled and incognito ; the colonel j perusing his paper, and longing for his j cigar : on and on, through all the seeni ' ingly endless length of England, for the j countess was going down to Dover, and ; across the Channel into France, and from I thence into Tyrol, following the route her I husband had taken, the only one she knew how to pursue. i And wish every mile she travelled, Ikt courage failed, in the eagerness and ex ! eiieineut of starting, the length and i fatigue of the journey had not occurred j to her. She began to wish she had hearkened to Judith's sage counsels, or at least consented to take hvr with her. It was terrible to travel alone and unpro tected. liufc she t! ought of the little flaxen-haired boy amid the Alpine peaks, and her heart grew strong again. For his sake she. would endure it all. At the first station the colonel got out and enjoyed his cigar, and returned to his seat in a much better humor. There sat this inevitable lady companion. "Can I be any scrvioe to you, madamc V' he inquired, politely : " get you any re freshments, or anything of the kind ! ' The lady gave a quick start, shook her j head, and, drawing her veil still closer, j muttered an inarticulate denial. The Colonel turned on his heel, determined to leave her to herself. They got off at Dover, in the golden haze of September twilight, just in t ime to catch the steamer (Jithii*. The flash of the innumerable gas-lights, and the noise and confusion on the wharf, well nigh be wildered Lady Strathspey ; and the full sense of the terrible step she had taken flashed for the lirst time upon her. What would her husband say 1 She grew deadly faint and tottered where she stood. A burly porter, hurrying by, jostled lier rudely, aud she would have fallen but for the colonel's timely support. "'My dear nmdaiue, do allow mo to assist you," he exclaiiuud, passing liisarm about her. j For an iustaut t he poor woman reeled, I hut by a grjat Hiort she overcame her | woakuess, and stood firmly oil her feet. j " I »7iU accept your assistance, Colonel j Verney," s'je s.-iid, as sh-j raised her veil. j and disclosed her face, wliise :md faint from fatigue and intense excitement. The colonel came to a de-id halt, and stood staring down at her, as if he thought her a ghost. *' Lady Strathspey!" he gasped, at last, " in Heaven's name ' " I. am going across the Chaunel, Colonel Verney,'" she interrupted, with | | dignity ; *' will you have the goodness to | [ r.ss st me on board the steamer V' J [ Tiie colonel -was a thorough gentleman, j I He bowed deeply, repressing every vestige j of curiosity. a,ud drawing her arm through | | li s conducted her to comfortable quarters { aboard the steamer. j While he paced the deck, half an hour | later, pufling his cigar and puxrding his j brain to discover what was the meaning { of Lady Strathspey's unusual mode of j | travelling, the countess camo gliding to 1 1 his side. j j *. Colonel Verney," she said laying her j I hand lightlyoiihisarm, " you are wonder ing. no doubt, what it is that takes ineout of England in this ran-away fashion The Colonel bowed and smiled. " 1 ani a little curious, I ^confess, Lady Strathspey," Ik- replied. Tite countes? stood silent for a moment, I looking up at the misty stars overhead, her eyes lull of deep and solemn thought. " Colonel Verney,"' she continued at last. " you may be sure nothing short of vital interest would take me from my home and husband in this fashion : my mission across the Channel is one of life aud death-to my own heart- at least. I am strong enough of will, but weak of body, as we women unfortunately are. I did not intend that you siiould find me out, but my poor, womanly weakness be trayed me. Perhaps it is as well. 1 need a friend. Colonel Verney. I am almost incliued to trust you, to ask you to help mc*" She raised her sad, appealing eyes to liis face, and looking down into their starey depths, the Indian oflieer felt his heart thrill with something of the old, passionate admiration, that those same « sweet eyes had awakened when he was a j gay young guardsman, and Lindy Mar guerite's lover. lint the colonel, as we i have said, was a thorough gentleman,;; ] in:m of sterling honor. And looking J down upon the woman hchadoncc loved, j helpless and in trouble, he felt that he j could be all the truer and more helpful in his friendship, because of that very love. Lady Strathspey," he answered, quietly, but with something in his voice that at once inspired faith ami confidence, " I am at your service, ready to help you in anyway 1 can."* If he had been profuse in his assurances;, she would have hesitated ; his sell-pus- j session and simple candor won her conii-, dence. She drew him to a scat in asliel- j tcrod corner, and there, beneath ilie j silent stars, with a dash of the silver j water in his ears, she began at the begin- j ning and told 3iim all her strange story, ) wondering at herself as she did so, 'or an J hour before he would have been tiie last | man 011 earth she would have chosen for . her contidant. Yet now impelled by some . impulse stronger than her will, she told | him eveiything. I Th-* colonel listened with interest, and ! j profound pity softened 3ns keen, gray j eyes. i Old soldier that he was, lie could under- ' stand the deep yearning of the mother s iove tor her own babe. *. 1 am afraid. Lady Strathspey," he saM, when she had finished, "that you have been unwise in taking this step. It 1 would hare been better -<> have confided | everything to your husband, and sulured ! him to bear his share of the doubt and j anxiety. 1 aui an old bachelor," he eon- | tinued, smiling down upon her with pity- | ing kindness, " but J don't believe in any j concealment between man aud wife. Your j motive is pure aud good,but your conduct j is open to misconstruction. However."' lis j added, buttoning his coat and straighten- j ing his line figure, after his military 1 habit, " if you are determined to go on, J j am at your service, ready to lieln you in j any possible way." j " I shall go on," replied tiic uountess, ; tirnily, " 1 will not. turn back." ''Very, well, goioyour room now and t rt to rest. From Calais I will telegraph toiny fiick friend in IViris, and I'll see you sai'« j into the Tyrol and on your way home. j Cood-night, Lady Strathspey." « 4'<*ood night, Colonel, and may Ilea veil | reward you HA: strode away, and the countess wens, to her state-room with a lightened heart. 