0 0"WWABB E, By Foster Osborne, Author of "Yuroka," or "Saxon and Savage"; " JVty Devil," and "Joshua Horroeks." CHAPTER Y.-CONTINUED. " About twelve years ago a rather .decent looking man, who had been for some time prospecting for gold in this and the sur rounding districts,' called at Bundura and asked to see the master. The man's name -was Sandy McGregor, and the object of his -visit was to ask papa's consent to reside on tbe run for a time as he felt sure there was a payable reef not far from1 the surface, and close under that v.allof pipeclay. Papa readily consented, and never gave the man another thought, until one dismal; night in the fol fowing winter, when M'Gregor came to the station iii a great! state of excitement, and asked once more to see the; master. He was white as'a sheet, and almostjexhausted from running." ' t . . " Hallo,, Sandy, exclaimed papa,: as he met the man, "1 d hardly have known you; why you look as though you had seen a ghost. Como inside, mrri." , , Sandy came into the dining room, and, as lie took his seat, lie said " Ye munna laugh, Mr. Leigh, an' I look a bit skeered; I'm no sure but the eerie brats do mak' theirsels vecsible onct in a wee," and Sands cast a longing glance at the whisky bottle. . . . Try a drop of whisky, Sandy, it will set you up', and then let us hear your story." " A weel, I e'en catched a sair fricht, and I ken wee drap 'ill no hurt me onyway," and so saying. Sandy swallowed a good half tumbler of Royal Blend. Placing the tum bler on the table, with an ejaculation be tween a sigh and a groan, meant for an avowal of satisfaction, Sandy proceeded .Now, sir, that's the real guid whisky, better 1 never did taste, and ye'll gie me your crack for ten minutes, I'll tell you why I come in so liurrit like. As ye ken weel, my hole is close under the cave i' the moun tains, and on Saturday, when I cam' oot o\ the ground, I glancit at the cave, and by the kilt of Prince Chairfio, there stood in the mouth of it a black ; woman wi' lanyr white hair. I was no sure, for it vanished so quick like when I lookit up. I gauged awa' to the hut, but I couldna', sleop that night, the thing worrit me so. So when the Sabbath day cam'-the Lord forgie mo for brakin it-I went awa to the cleef to sat isfy myself. I could na climb the face o' it so I poked aboot i' the bottom of the gully to find the best way up, an I tumnieled on a braw plain track amang the bushes. I fol lowed the track, and it took me roond the corner o' the hill, and then it turn't sharp like on to the ledge; I creepit to the month the cave; it's no the sma* cave that it looltSf inside the month it opens oot, and;I never saw the back o'fc. Weel, I went in, and, Mr. Leigh, ye wudna belie me, but it's as true as gospel, and I can lake my oath to it:-there lay a great snake its thick round as my bodie, an as lang as this room. That was nowt; had it been a nat ral beatsie and twa times the size I \vud ha kilt him ; but lookit, he'd a lieid like a pig, and a man like a horse. Someat moveit i' the back o' tlie cave, an I saw heaps of hu man bones lying; but I tliocht the reptile was likely to wake, so l did not stop, but startitlonriin. and running and never stoppit till I got here.'' " Well, papa was very inucli puzzled by this story of M'Gregor's ; but the next, day ho repeated,itJtoMr. Cliisholm who happened to come from Bunyeep. "Poor old Sandy," exclaimed Mr. Chisolm. he was always subject to fits of insanity : it was merely one! of his hallucinations." " And so the matter was forgotten -for a long time. About three years ago, papai sent Peter, who lised at that time to work regularly, out to M'Gregor's but to live., And he was also supposed to look - after the boundary fence. " One morning Peter galloped up to the station in. a state of abject terror, and when asked the cause of his fear, he said that < a black woman with long white hair, and eyes that glared like balls of fire, had crept up and stood in the doorway of his hut on the preceding night," , " Papa laughed at Peter, and tried to banter him- out of his conviction ; but it was to no purpose, and to this day, Bully Pete . has stood by the truth of his story, declar ing that on no consideration would lie ven ture alone into the neighbourhood of the cave. Now tin's was ..why,I was so surprised when Peter made his appearance." "A very strange affair," said Percy, " but of course, there can be no truth in it I wonder, though, that the cave has never been examined! curiosity would prompt me to explore such a romantic looking spot." " The fact is; papa.on" one occasion had .arranged an expedition to the cave, but the project was,frustrated in this way. As you ican see, the cave is on the other side of the fence, and therefore on Gumbardna station, which belongs,to a Mr. Doyle. This gen toman happened to visit our house at tbe time of which I speak ; and boing informed af thtf'proposed expedition, he seemed dis pleased at the idea of his property being in terfered with. Although he did not say anything, his manner was so marked that the investigation was put off." They rode on in silence for a fow minutes and Charley was the first one to speak. " I say, Mr. Loyd, suppose yon and I ex plore that cave somo of these days.?" " I should like to do Jso very much, and perhaps an opportunity may ofier some time But what if wo meet the snake and that horrid woman, eh " No fear of that; will you go ?" " I may." " Yes, but I want to bo sure ; give me a fair and square promise," " Very well, Gliarley, I promise," and so, for the present, the subject of the cave was dropped. " What peak is that which stands so high above its neighbours ?" asked Percy, as they reached the summit of the next hill. " They call it the Hanging Bock. That leaning projection which you see on the -right, __is a large rock. It hangs over the gully without any apparent support, and from it the peak derives its name." " Oh ! Have you ever been there ?" " Yes; we used often to ride there on acconni of the .fine views which are to be had from the peak. Ida " was very fond of painting then, but when the bushrangers turned out two years ago we had to go else where for scenery, -for tlipy made these ranges their favourite retreat." t "And were the bushrangers all taken ? ; " No; two of them were shot about twelve months ago, and the others sdom to have dis banded as tlioyhave not been heard of since. There were seven of them in the gang, ana the most of them wercllialf- casteblacks. Their leader, a notorious villiau, who called him self Bed Cap, was ono of those shot." The horsemen now descended to the hot-, torn of a deep gully whiclfrau out from the foot of a lofty mountain. To the right of the mountain a beautiful waterfall pitched some 200 feet into the valley. The valley itself was thickly studded , with' fern trees arid blo33 iming shnil'B, whilst oil alt. sides the bosky hilis,were flecked with sum mer flowers. The great mountain above tliem toppled over towards the north, and the skyline of its summit cleft in twain the mid-day sun. It was a beautiful picture, and Percy gazed on it rapt in admiration. As for waterfalls, he had seen the' great Niagara at its best; mountains, he had climbed the monarchs of the Alps and Him alayas ; for floral forest spleudour, ho had traced the shady rivulet twining through Brazilian woods ; but here was a minature combination of the three, which ho had scarcely hoped to find in the unsung, un pictured east. No, not quite unsung ; we have at least one bard who can portray in verse the beauties of our sunuy^ clime, oho really Australian poet, Ilenry Kendall. But poets and painters do not flourish in a day. We are a young nation as yet. Hit herto we have been actuated by the more sordid proclivities, for accumulating wealth; but the time is fajt approaching when good estates aud certain incomes will be the por tion of Australian heiw ; and then, untram melled by the cares of , doubtful heritage, they will fix their aspirations on the nobler ends and aims of life, and cultivate the more exalted faculties. We shall have more poets and tbinkors ; aud where the poet sings the music of the spheres, there will come the painter with his easel to portray in colours what the poets teach in song Here is the key to the, acquirement of tha. patriotic spirit,'without which no nation can be great; and which is the one thing need ful to make the j'oung Australiau drop the role of larrikin, atid take the.name of man. On the following day, Mr. Leigh, Percy, and M'Donald were in the drafting yards. They had just finjshed {drafting a small lot of sheep, Mr. Laigli and his overseer were discussing station business, aud Peroy stood idle a little apart. '. I don't seo how, it can bo managed," said Mr. Leigh to his oversoer; " I shall have to go to Albury to meet Miss Leigh. You will havo to take delivery of theBrook ong ewes, and Mr. Graham will be here to inspect the wethers. They will have to be drafted and counted to him, and there is no one on the place who could be trusted to do it.": . ' " Well, sir, I expect Mr. Graham will have either to wait till one of us gets back, or; else come oyer again." " Yes, but we may lose the sale of the sheep, if he be disappointed this time, and you know in these dry times, we should not miss a chance to sell at a good price." Percy overhearing this dialogue, 'rather surprised Mr. Leigh by offering to draft and count the wethers for Mr. Graham." M l thought," said Mr. Leigh, " that you were a novice amongst stock. Are you able to do this business, properly, because in selling sheep it is important that the count should be correct." "Yes ; I;am not a fast counter, but by taking time I can be sure. The fact is, I once wintered in California with a slieep farmer, and used to help him with his flocks. If you give me a description of the earmarks, I shall also be able to draft them." And so things were finally arranged. Next morning Mr. Leigh, having sent four or five men to the drafting yards, with orders to carry out Percy's instructions, started for Alb ary,.expecting to returu with with his idaugliter in tho course of a week. Amongst those men, of his own free will, came Bully Bete. Percy was not at al pleased to see him. He did not like the appearance of the fellow, whose, lazy habits and independent air made him anything but a pleasant man to work .with. How ever, Peter liad not been ordered to the yards with the rest of the men, and Percy resolved not to interfere with or control liim in any way. After the adjacent paddock had,been mustered, and the sheep yarded, Percy| set the men in their respective places andtook his own position at the drafting gates. It soon became evident that Peter had come up with the intention of being a nuisance, for he several times interfered with the meu, countermanding Percy's orders, aud making sarcastic remarks about the " new chum " manager ; laughing loudly and very much by himself, at his own wit ticisms, the point of AVhich nobody else seemed able to discover. Finding that his endeavours to bring Percy into ridicule did not succeed, he began to. annoy him person ally. .Had Bully Peto known the man he had to deal with he would, probably, have taken Percy's advice, when the latter said "I don't think I shall require your help, Peter, and, if you can find employment else where I shall be glad." 1 " I shall go away when I please," return ed the bully, " and I ain't going to be bossed by a know-nothing chap as sets himself where he ain't fit to be." Peter turned his back on Percy, thereby missing a sight of the steady detirmined light which beamed from those large grey eyes ; otherwise he might have Been warned that lie was treading on dangerous ground. At this juncture, Peter seated himself on the fence directly in front of the drafting, race, thus preventing the sheep from run ning, aud effectually stopping the work. This was rather more than Percy could stand. " If you don't leave the' yard, Peter, I shall have to throw you over the- fence." All the men looked up astonished,. Peter more so than anybody. Hero was a man who had been cock-of-the-walk, bruising and bullying every hand on the place for the last three years; and he was threatened with forcible ejectment over n fence. It was evi dent that the new chum was ignorant of the other's prowess; lie must be shown that he had made a slight mistake. " Yer'U do what ? you infernal jackaroo." shouted Peter, as he jumped to the ground. " Come on me darlin','' dancing rouud in evident delight at the prospect ot a set-to ; " waltz up here, me purty dear, if it's a round or two for a pound or; two yer want, I'm yer Moses." The men were surprised, when Percy, af ter carefully fixing the drafting gates, walked towards the bully without even bringing his hands to a pugilistic poise. " ' " Put up your props/', cried Peter, as lie rushed on, and made, a terrifi lunge at | Percy. The latter, however, had fought! too many battles to bo caught by such a clumsy thrust as that. He leaned; quickly back to let the blow pass and then, like a flash of lightning, the right hand came up, and struck the bully betweeu the eyes. It was a splendid blow, like the spring of a steel trap. Percy did not wish for a,stand up fight with the ruffiau, so lie had resolved by putting all his might and strength into that oue blow, to end the scene. How well he succeeded, the prostrate Peter gave evi dence. Had Hepburn Thorpe been present, he would have said, " Good { splendid hit, but dangerons play, dear boy. Had you missed ho must have marked you severely." As it was, Charley leapt over the fence in high glee. He had arrived at the ya,rds just in time to see the fiuale. .' Well done, Mr. Loyd," he cried, " I'm jolly glad. I wish I could fight like you." Percy did not speak to any one, but went up to tlic senseless man and' threw some water on his face. Almost immedia tely the fellow's oyo3 opened with a vague, haif-conscio«3 expression, and he muttered to himself " Lightning ! No ! can't have been that; must a bin a tree and then, suddenly re membering what had happened, he turued over 011 his side, and suddenly refused any assistance. "Well, lads," said Percy, " we cannot waste any more time," and 'so Peter was left to his own meditations. After a time lie rose and went away. When the drafting was completed, Percy and Charley started for the homestead togother, the latter some what dull in spirits. " What's the matter, Charley ? you soom | out of sorts." " Oli, I'm all right; only,,I was thinking about Peter. I was glad at first that you knocked him down, but I wish h?w that you had not done so." " Why?" " Well, you had your back towards him when he went away; but I was watching .him, and he gave you such a horrid look, it almost frightened me. I'm sure there was murder in his face, and I: believe lie will do you an iajury when the chance offers^" " Don't fear on my account, Charley ; I have seen a good many of his sort,, and there's not much danger to apprehend from them." ,7';.'-/; ' v.'-:-": It was on the sixth day after the events just narrated, that the household of Jitiu dura was thrown into a st ite of confusion. Percy had oomploted the delivery of tho wethers to Mr. Graham and; rode home iri the evening. He stabled his horse, ,'as usual, aud wont to the. house. . He discov ered at once that something unusual' had taken place, for the servants stood in gr.mp3 falking.eagerly, with serious faces; and Mrs. Leigh who invariably sot on the verandah in these close summer evenings,- was not to lie. seen. Percy was turning from the verandah to question the servaiits as to the cause of their excitement when Mrs. Leigh; confront ted him from the drawing-room. Hex* face was pale and anxious/aud sho trembled ob viously, as she said, ' " Oh, Mr. Loyd. there's been a dreadful accident. I'm sure Mr. Leigh and Ida have been hurt, perhaps killed." She shuddered as she finished the sentence. Ordinarily, Mrs. Leigh addressed Percy with cold dignity and in measured terms ; bht.lier manner was very different this oven ing. She was terrified' and Anxious, aud she could, not hide tho feeling. " You-know, Miv Loyd,- that* the buggy and two horses were sent to Gundai this .morning to meet Mr. Leigh ; and about aii hour ago the horses came home with the harness broken aud hanging loose, about them. The buggy must be smashed and aud." Here Mrs. Leigh broke down, and Percy tried, to . assure , her by putting the best face he could on what certainly seemed a very bad prospect. '. Things " he said, '«might not be as bad as they appeared; there may not have been anyone in the buggy when the horses bolted or they may have been detached for the purpose of watering them, and managed to get free. Has any one gone, in search?" .' Yes; I sent four men on the road to Gundai; they have been away three- quarters of an hour." " Thou I will saddle my horse again, aud follow them," said Percy, and he went forthwith. He did not like the appearance of things, so when his horse was ready, he galloped at great speed towards Gundai. He had proceeded a mile alongtheroad, when he met the men returning and carrying Mr. Leigh on a stretcher. Mr. Leigh was per fectly sensible, but seemed in great pain. By the side of the stretcher, hand in hand with Charley, there walked a tall and grace ful girl, wearing a light waterproof and a sun veil. Percy dismounted by Charley's side, and learned from him the following facts con cerning tho accident. Tho descent from that high ground from which Percy had obtained his first view of Bundura is very steep, and on one side of the road there is an embankment sufficient ly inclined to overturn any conveyance. When Mungo commenced the descent he had he had the brake on as usual, but find ing that the weight of the buggy required more pressure to hold it back, he strained the shoe with all his force. The arm of the brake snapped off and tho vehicle, thus freed, ran forward on to tho liaunch-js of the horses. These horses were a pair of fresh bays, quiet enough as a rule, but, thus frigh tened they plunged and reared till Mungo lost all control over them. They dashed over the ombankment, upsetting the trap, and throwing the occupants.into a stony wateroourse. Miss Leigh aud Mungo' es caped unharmed but Mr. Leigh was severely hurt, though no one could tell what the pre cise injuries were. This was Charley's account of the acci dent and as lie finished ho said : " Ida, this is Mr. Loyd, of whom you have heard before. Mr. Loyd, Miss Leigh." : The girl's features were not visible through her veil, aud she turned only half round, as she bowed without speaking. Her whole attention seemed concentrated upon her fattier. When the house was .reached, Mr. Leigh was carried to his own roomj and a man was despatched to Gundai for the doctor. .""I think;" said Percy, as Tie placed the sufferer oil his bed, " that you should be ex amined at onco.iis there may be some-in jury requiring immediate attention, and the doctor cannot be expected in less than ten hours: I have had some little exparience iu,fractures, and know a ; little of: surgery,, if you will allow me, I think I could give you ease." . >. . | " I feel a.terrible pain in my left arm ; I can hardly bear it, and if you ' can reduce the pain, I shall bo much better." . Guttiug away the coat aud vest, Percy oxauiined the arm, and pronounced it broken. " It is only a simple fracture," he said, " and if you will allow me to set the bone, the pain will be much less; as you see, the bone is jarring oo the flesh." Mr. Leigh liositated a moment, and tlieu said- . I " All right, Loyd, I'll trust to your skill; if it is not done properly the doctor can fix it up when ho arrives." Percy was soon in the midst of splints and bandages, and iu the course:of 15 min utes he had performed, the task. Mr.Leigh felt much less pain, and Percy went and sat down to a quiet meal in the dining-i'oom. the others having either finished their re past, or, lacking an appetite, did not care to join him. ' Later in the evening Percy askod to see Mr. Leigh once more, and was requested to repair to the invalid's room. The first person whom Percy saw as lie . entered was Ida Leigh. He had not seen her face when they met on the road, and as she raised her soft blue eyes; to greet him he started perceptibly, but recovered im mediately. A momentary, and puzzled.ex pression on the girl's face gave place to a pleasant smile, as she extended her haud. .'I am afraid that I was rude to you this afternoon, Mr. Loyd. I was very, anxious on papa's account, and I hope you will par don my mannerism on that excuse." Percy took the profferei hand, merely saying that " no apology was needed, and the position was very trying to her." Had Ida Leigh been a coquette, this sud den chauge of manner might have been put dowii to fickle fancy; but this idea novbr entered Percy's mind. There was nothing of caprice in those dreamy oyes and that sensible face. Percy knew that every word she said she rnoant. I No, Ida was no flighty coquette, neither was sho, one of tliat more dangerous class the languid, apathetic beauty, who viewb everything and everybody with supreme in difference ; who seems to passionless, to court a conquest; yet,: whose chief delight is man within the silken meshes, Give honor to the dashing open coquette--and - there is something noble in the woman who can play the part; she has a good heart when you can reach it-hut that coid and super cilious -croature who hooks the fish; and laughs to see it struggle, may she bo con demned to eyerlastiug spinster hood. Percy apppoached. the bed; and uncovered the injured arm. " Do you feel a niimb sen sation below the elbow, Mr, Leigh : " Yes; I was remarking that before you came in." . ?' . " The bandages are a little tight. I'll loosen them and so saying, with firm but tender touch, Peroy unwound and replaced the ligature, to the .relief of the patient. , " Whero did you learn your skill,. Mr. Loj'd ?" asked the invalid. " Many doctors would have caused nio more pain than you have done." , ' I .have only set two broken limbs before, one was that of an Indian, near the Bocky Mountains, and the other "was that of a very, dear friends on the Plains of Patagonia. It was that friend who taught me." ? A half-stifled sigh escaped Percy's breast its lie thought of Hepburn- Thorpe ; but lie didnot wish to be drawn into a.conversation on his .past life, so lie turned somewhat' abruptly to leave the room. As he did so* he caught the dreamy blue eyes fixed on him with a look, half of wonder, half of con dolence, and Ida Leigh's boautiful face coloured slightly at being thus detcctedi It was but a flash of the eyes, that glance between them, but it seemed to recall in the mind of each some distant dream. ' To Ida it was like a shadow of recognition,, which passed instantly from her mind; but to Percy it was better defined. It was not a baseless fabric, but something real, and as he strode from the room, there; was in his imagination, the picturo of a sultry evening,; when a star shot in the sky, and the distant murmur of the city bells broke through the stillness. 