A Ghostly Duel. 4 Duelling is a horrible relic of ' said an old gentleman to a party of friend. ' 4 I thought you were an advocate oi ' the code ? said one of the partv. 4 1 was when I was a young man. anl have acted as second at several affairs of honour.' said fee old gentleman ; 1 but since I saw a duel fought bv ghosts, I have Seen opposed to them.' 4 A <fuel fought by ghosts !' exclaimed several gentlemen present, with interest. 4 Yes, fought by ghosts, continued the old man, 4 aud it is the saddest memory of my life. I see feem in my dreams, although it all happened forty years ago and the old man shuddered, 4 Tell ns the story/ the crowd exclaimed in chorus; and finally fee old in an consented to do so. 4 1 was living in a small country town in fee interior of South Carolina forty years ago,' he said, 4 and my dearest friend was Dr . As I said awhile ago, I believed in fighting duels then, and my friend the doctor was also a believer in the code, and had fought two duels himself. The doctor bad two children— a son and daughter. A few months after the doctor's son came home from college, where he had graduated with the highest honours, he became involved in a quarrel with another young man in the neighbourhood. I was absent from home at fee time, but I learned afterwards that it was a very trivial affair — nothing to fight about. My iriend the doctor thought his son had been " insulted, and in sisted that he must challenge the other man, which he did. The challenge was accepted, and the young nien met at sunset in a beau tiful grove, a few hundred yards from the doctor s pleasant home. At the first fire both men fell, the doctor's son mortally wounded aud his adversary dead. It was several mouths after the duel when I returned home, and as soon, as possible I went to see my friend the doctor. I scarcely recognised him. lie was so changed. In a few short months he had changed from a robust man of middle age to a weak and trembling old man, whose hair and beard had grown perfectly white. ' Your wife and daughter, how are they f I asked, as soon as we had exchanged greetings, and before I mentioned fee doctor's changed appearance. Dead ! dead !' he moaned. 4 It killed then both, and it was all my fault,' and the old man wept aloud. He grew calm at last, aud then I asked him. to teH me his troubles. 4 Wait a little while, and I will show you what did it all,' he answered. It was almost sunset, and as the evening shadows began to gather the doctor arose ana told me to follow him. I did so, wondering, bat asked no questions. He led fee way with feeble steps to the edge of the ground where the duel had been fought. Under the grand old oaks it was already dark, and when we paused a few hundred feet from the duelling- ground my friend raised his trembling hand, and, point ing ahead, said : 4 Look, and you will understand. ' I was startled by his strange manner, but looked in the direction he pointed. At first I could see nothing. ' Wait! was Ms only answer when I told Mm I could see nothing. 4 1 looked again, and from the dark shadows around fee open space where fee duel was fought I saw two white figures advance from opposite directions. I felt glued to the ground, and could not move or speak. The two figures continued to advance, and I saw the white faces of fee doctor's son and the young man with whom he fought the duel. When within ten paces of each other the two figures stopped. I a puff of white vapour or smoke, and both ghflly figures sank to fee ground, but I heard noeeiuid/ 4 44 Do yon understand now T' 4 It was fee voice of the doctor, and I turned wife a start to see his face as wMte as those of the ghostly figukee I saw fall on the shadow of fee frees. 4 That sight killed my wife and daughter, and it is killing me/ said my friend the doctor, to vn> walked wowly back to fee house. I did hot beSforemjfeaste then, but my nerves were completely unstrung, aud i went home as soon as possible.. I w€nt back to the doctor's house again fee next day and fee next, and together we again visited fee grove, and again and again I stor fetoghoktly duel, until I was full f satis fied that It was no imaginary virion. A cimng I could do or say would induce my friend the doctor to leave fee haunted place. 4 1 will die here wheremy wife and chddren died. It is fate. he wouM answer to all and m less than three months he dfodj aud tote buried by fee tide of Y"®- Bincefeat time I have taken no part in a duel, but I am glad to be able to say that I have prevented several. Duelling is a Lorrime, horrible practice.' Toaorr- 4 Say, Mr. Drrteigh, you can try on ma if youhke. Rev. Mr. D. : ' I derstand you, my chOd. Try what: Why ma says you tan pat anybody to sleep in tokretes. (Tableau.) -r Jmxua (topo&oe; officer) : 4 Are you .1 feat fee prisoner was drunk : Officer : 1 dhrunk, per honor ? Shuro af he y d through fee tiliphoao the brife uv an mide fee poles shtagger, 