ftBLE SUXDAY IX ROCKHAMPTON. That the many dissensions of the Protestant Church are, after all, only surface differences, is made folly evident every no a' and again, bat never more emphatically than when the Rev. Mr. KobjohnB, the traveling representa tive of the British and Foreign Bible Society, pays as hie annual visit. At that time not only do the various sections of this great division of Christendom gather round thU, one of the greatest of our religious societies, but all the ministers give formal evidence of this unity by preaching on the special work of that society, and tbe Book which it scatters broadcast over the earth. Sunday but was the day appointed for these yearly sermons, and every minister in the town took part in the work ; while at Emu Park Canon Brownrigg also stepped into line wi\h his brethren. In addition to the sermons advertised in our Saturday's issue — eleven to all— the Rev. Mr. WilliamB, of the Primitive Methodist Church, and the Rev. Mr. Moorhead, of the John Knox Presbyterian Church, also preached with special reference to the work of tbe Bible Society. One not i Me omission from the list of preachers u& this occasion— the Ber. Mr. Hartley— is ex plained by that gentleman's absence from Hockhampton. When the number runs into the teens, it is impossible, from reasons of space, to give even the most meagre summary of each sermon, so we append abbreviated reports of the discourses preached by the Ber. Mr. Robjohns, the representative of the Bible Society ; the Rev. Dr. Hay, of the Scotch Church, President of the Rockhamp* ton branch of the Society ; and the Rev. Mr. Diggens, of the English Church. THE UNHY OP THE BIBLE. At the morning service in tbe Baptist Church, DeniBon-street, the Rev. Mr. Kob johnB preached on 'The Unity of the Bible.' The text was taken from Ezekiel, xliiichap., 2nd verse. ' Behold the glory of the God of Israel comes from the way of the East, and His voice was like the sound of many waters ; and the earth shined with His glory9'— the dawning of revelation from the east, and progress westward, till west meets east again. Gird ling the earth 1 The blending of many sounds into the one divine voice ! And now — is it not written in tbe chronicles of the Bible Society — the earth shining with the glory of The EternaL The preacher pointed out that the Bible was nniooe in many w&ys; ; in its unity for one thing. Here were aix-.y-«ix books by more than forty writers, composed in different lands and circumstances, over a period of 1500 years, and yet the impress of oneness was upon them sJL There is nothing like it in the world of books — English, trench, Italian, Greek, or Roman. In fact, the Koran, the product of one mind\ was a jumble compared to it. It is an extraordinary fact, that the unity is admitted universally ; this of itself is a presumptive argument in its favour. The Book looks like a miscellany, a magazine of mixtures, with parts as diverse as Deuteronomy, Isaiah* Mark, ^on*''-, and yet the world will have it that it is one book. The Jew has no doebt of the Unity of the Old Testament. The Christian, when only a part of tbe New Testament is given to a heathen neoole. feels as if the seamless robe of Christ is rent. So firm is the sense of unity that most people have a difficulty in seeing tbat the Bible is in reality a library of many books. Such -m impression, such a uniiemal convic tion, must have an adequate cause, and the cause is the real oneness of the Bible. Bins* trations of the unity of tbe Btfele were given. 1\. It is one in its eubj-ct— Uod. The Bible makes God the centre of the utrivene. This w- aid be wonderful as the characteristic of the Bible, even if atheism were true, and the Bible only a poetic dream. Tbe preacher passed in review the sublimity of the Bible revelation of God — its gradual development — the way in which it is suffused and veiled by t'ie tendere it emotion — the broad aniversaltsm of the revelation of God, not merely ier scholars, still less for scientific pedantB alone, but for men and women and children. Here it was shoirn that the fine Christian doctrine, of the immanence of God, justified the expres sions of the Old Testament, such aB ' He bowed tb-i heavens also, and came down. He made darkness pavilions round about him. — dark waters and thick clouds of the skies. ' Through naturalistic expressions like these even children could come to know God, and ™pti™J°orG1od'-^ayrKiiski1D-which is the child's, is evidently the only one which for us can be true. Tbe moment that io our pride of heart we refuse to accept tbe condescension of the Almighty, and desire Him to rise np before us into His glory, we hoping tbat by etaading a £rain or two of dust of hu-:ian knowledge liiulicr that oor fellows, we may behold the Creator as He rbea, God takes n. a*, mtr word. He rises into His own in* vUiblo a-d incommunicable majesty. He coes further upon tlie ways, which «re not our ways He retires into the thoughts which ire not oar thoughts. We »re left alone, and presently we say io nor vain heart — ' There is no God.' 2. Tne Bible is one in the under lying story— that of the recovery and estab lishment of the rule of God over the souls ol men— the story ot »n invisible kingdom of God ! 3. The Bible is one in its ethical style— it unites tot ever religion to morality, and morality to religion. 4 It is one, in its sublime silence as to the empires of this world, their kings, conquerors, and achieve menu In youth we mi-s these world grandeurs in the Bonk. Bat is not the Bible justified? Where arc Babylon and thereat to.day ? Go to the mounds over tiio graves of dead empires for the answer. But v. here are the kings, the kingdom, and tlie I ighteousnes of which the Bible speak. ? Ihv word ir. hkf n *tirry ho*', Ihy Woru is litu a i;loruus i:aoir, And load it? AJUncaig do?, Though nunv tongues and parts unite ! U la one song they fdoe. THE B1BL£ AND THS WO&K1SG; CLASSES. In the Presbyterian Church, the Rev. Dr. Hay, preached at tbe evening service on ?? The Bible and the Working Classes,' chosing for his text the words *' Therefore all things whatsoever ye would tbat men should do unto you* do ye even so to them ; for this is tbe Uw and the prophets,'— Matt., rii. chap, 12th ver. Iu introducing his subject Dr. Ha; BpoVe of tbe work an I aims of the Bride b and Foreign Bible Society — tbe publication and dissemination of the Holy Scriptures throughout the whole world as the supreme role of man's faith and guide ef his life. Not only, he said, are tbe large branches of tbe human f&milv; to which the Bible, and the God of the Bible*, and the Saviour whom he has sent to men, unknown ; but even in Christian lands there are vast numbers of men. one might almost say classes of men, by whom in many of the most important relations of life the teachings of the Bible are practically ignored or ex pressly rejected. These opponents of the Bible and of Christianity include a very large number of those classes of society which we designate the working classes. This is more especially the case in the older countries of the world, and is most notable where industrial activity is most highly developed. For all industrial enterprised capital is required — that is wealth already realised and lying ready to be applied for the provision of raw material, tools, and machinery, and tbe payment of wages to support the workman until his pro ducts reach the market and are turned into money. But how is the wealth result ing trom the labour of the workman the capital and skill of the employer in directing it to be divided? Oat of that that question has sprung the war now raging almost all the world over between capital and labour. In past times the toilers in the field and the workshop have counted for far too little. It is not many centuries since wages were tued by Act of Parliament;, and men were imprisoned who refused to work for them; nay, even on British soil, men and women were bought and sold with the coal mines in which they worked. But the tables are now turned. Combinations of capital are met by combinations of labour. It were well if nothing more than this could be said ; but of labour, there are other movements, which threaten to extinguish the right of personal property, to overthrow all government, to subvert all civilisation, and to arrest the pro gress of Christianity itself. There are those who tell us that the teaching of Christ was a pure socialism or communism, and yet it is among those who are striving to bring about this state of things that are to be found the most bitter opponents of Christianity. There Is here a betrayal of the conviction that practical Christianity is not socialism or com munism in their sense of the terms. The Socialist says ' Property is theft, it is the result of spoliation,' and commands every man who has more than his neighbour to ' stand and deliver.' It is hardly ne cessary to say that a system which thus kills at its very birth all diligence and thrift and temperance, cannot but be the deadly foe of Christianity, of that Christianity which is taught by Christ himself, and which He has presented to us in its distilled essence in the Sermon on the mount, and in its very quint essence in the words of the text. But this enmity to Christianity in the quarters re ferred to is the offspring of ignorance of what Christianity is, and of what it has done— an excusable ignorance— for capital has not always been used for Christian objects or on Christian rules. Nay, in the frantic struggle for wealth, the rights of the poor, whose sole capital lies in their health and strength and skill have too often been trampled under foot. Is Christianity therefore the enemy of the working classes? Men that profess to be Christians may be, but not Christianity itself, Christ proclaimed the manhood of men— of all men, and the rise of labour against capital in these later days is at bottom the outcome of the triumph of this principle— a principle of which the Church of Christ has throughout these eighteen cen turies been the only, though possibly some times a feeble, exponent and defender. To what power is the overthrow of slavery and serfdom to be traced ; and to what power can the toiling millions still look for the ameliora- tion of their condition, but to that of Christianity, which teaches the brotherhood,. equality, and liberty of men. The philosophy of materialism, whose grand law is the 'survival of the fittest,' is surely a broken reed to lean upon. It substitutes brute force for justice and charity. And it is just here that the imminent danger of the working classes lies — in the temptation to substitute a policy of selfishness and violence for that of equity and reason. Selfish tyranny has in past ages and even in Christian lands, held uncurbed sway. But the remedy for what remains of these in the world is not to be found in the abolition of personal rights, in the socialistic division of the hard earned gains of the diligent and frugal among the lazy and improvident, or in the uprooting of all institutions that embody social rank and distinction. No scheme will ever succeed for the eradication of the evils under which , the working classes labour that does not recognise on the one hand the right of each individual to enjoy the reward of his diligence, frugality, and ability, and on the other the duty of all to give due consideration to the rights of others. Christianity— the ' religion of the Bible— gives distinct promi nence to both. It promises prosperity and abundance to the industrious ; and the promise implies that that prosperity and abundance are to be enjoyed .by him who honestly gains then. It enounces poverty as the deserve punishment of the slothful. the gluttonous man, and the drunkard. But Christianity provides against the abuse of riches by teaching men that they are but the gift of God wherewith to do good and com municate to those who are in want, by incul cating pity and benevolence towards the poor, consideration for the feelings and interests of others ; in short, the doing onto others as we would that they should do unto us. It is not the Bible, it is not Christianity, that is to blame for man's inhumanity to man, but igno- rance and unbelief of the Bible as the Word of God and of Christianity as a rule-of life The law of Moses, alike with the law of Christ, denounces the man who oppressed or defrauds the hireling in his wages;the rich man clothed taously every day, who leaves Lazarus uncared for at his door ; the usurer who grinds the face of the poor ; and the oppressor who perverts the judgment of the widow. How, then, are we to account for such things as have recently taken place at Newcastle, on oar otra shores, and in London, and that on a scale altogether, or almost, unprecedented. They have a connection with the religion of the Bible, for they are the assertion of that man hood which the Bible alone has fully taught. Bat the system of selfieh exaction of the full tale of work for inadequate pay. th eutter disregard of the robbery perpetrated upon the agent in hiring him, and the stolid ignoring of all complaint — as if to complain were itself a crime — these could have place in a Chris tian land only because Christianity is itself ignored. It is in the promotion of tt,e Bible, and in that alone, that the hope of the working classes lies. Socialism, with its equal division of wealth, has no hope for them, for, with the eqnal division of wealth, the great incentive for its creation is extinguished. Socialism means at first an equal diet for all, to be fol lowed by the struggle for existence, and the survival of the fittest. Ancient Sparta was more merciful, for it allowed not the weakly infant to live. Bat the heart of the community is still sound and true. No nobler testimony has been borne to the power of that principle of love, which is the essence of Christianity, than the tide of sympathy which has converged in London and its dock labourers from all quarters of the world. Is there any bat a Christian commu nity where such a thing would have happened ? Surely there is here some proof of the divine origin of our most holy faith. The Bible that brings to us the message of salvation, that cheers us in our griefs and sufferings with its comforts and promises, that has done so much in the past for the downtrodden and oppressed, will be our best guide in solving the difficul ties, and smoothing down the asperities, that arise in our complicated social system. Capital and labour, employers and employed, most alike own its authority, and guide their relations by the divine rule — ' Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you do ye also so unto them.' The rev. gentleman closed by commending the British and Foreign Bible Society to the warm support of Chris tians of all classes. THE HOLT SCRIPTURES, THEFB AUTHORITY AND USE. The Rev. W. A. Diggens, preached in St. Paul's, at the morning service, on 'The Holy Scriptures, their .Authority and Us*,' taking for his text the words—' All Scrip ture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for cor rection, for instruction in righteousness. ' 2nd Timothy, iii. chap., I6J1 verse. Mr. Dirgena commenced by remarking that before we proceed to fouod dec trine upon any text of the Bible, we must con aider the passage in the light of its sur roundings, taking text with context, and com paring our concloEJODS with the general teacn iog of Holy Writ upon the subject. We must also be exceedingly careful to arrive at tbe true sense and meaning of the words. And for this purpose it is most essential tbat we should go back to the language, in which the words were origin dfv uttered. Now, apply ing the firet of these broad rules to the test, we 6nd that it contains a truth which, after acI^ptngButea 'rSre'nce'to the GrJcfc showl os that our present authorised version does not perhaps give us the best and most correct rendering. lilt literal meaning of the deck words is this—** Every tlivine'y inspired Scripture is **'si- prut. a'-]-; for tc^'bini.', for rifhtcousncMP.' And thi* is pr-ictioally ilie must Ik evident to all H.at then: is u, m i.ie S ripture is given of l inel.1' and the simple reference to ** t*ii*rv diviiiolv- iD^pirt-d ^*oiip i ture.' Vou «iJ ,cv t:.is more ch^riy by. analogv, for iu tbe one ,-a^ it U as ilif u^n 1 v.-u tdid '* liverv wan iseduciWU «nd o-m-uM- I of teaching 'an \U the.-t!:«r, '' ~ v.-rv.-duc*:. H ' ? ? l i le of ti a.--' Ml ' ' 'll v uu -ie cUrt: that all Sc-i.»cun- ie yi eu Uv it,~pir-ii.r.t which they m*y_rejaru »»s np ur.-j .neij-.l i ineplreil, and I not-i huni y remind ? ou that ? | taete v*ry in different, parts of hristcndnm. , ture is fixeil liy ill- aiMU article, &nd; e.itn- '? prises tho.-.* boi.ks -f tli^ O-l wi Xe«r 1 eiti has its D.»u.ty version, winch iu-IuJes tre ' greater p*rt of riie .'--pucrvpbi, anil The Greek ! Church, after manv dispute and discussions, J followed the example o; tli-j Roniau com m union, and e&nouized; the Apocrvph* too. i Teii uifmbera of n«iy of l\\*;se thre-: --...t ! branches of tbe *'»th«'ic 1 hurch thit 'all, Scripture is i;ik'.-n by inspiration o; (Joi,11 and: they will, of course, understand the wurds to refer to their own particular Hihlea. But when y«-u speak of every iiivtn*-ly- inspireii Scripture, you allu-ie to pav'.ii'iilar writmpe au-1 i;;.i«'i!iri- -.f xhc I'oly »;ti:rt: an., you ieive^u- \vjv.-'i Ht U'-er-y («- .].r-t-i-ie what ::.o« ^r^. -x-A ?.!-. (.ii-ul-l i- evtr prr-t: n^ir.)t.i.-'T ?-. ...iy .rist.k.* that may it, how could it be dctermiued which of the many writings that have been given forth to the world were inspired or not ? That is a question which lorag-e agitated tbe mind of Christendom. In the early Christian Church, the only received f*criptures were those of the Old Testament It was to them that tit. Paul referred when he wrote bis epistles to Timothy. For a loog time the words of Chris l were passed orally from mouth to muutb . By -ai.d by, one evangelist after another bet himself the task of recording in writii g tLe utterances and works of the Saviour. Bat even when they had been put become tbe common property of tbe Chorch. Then, too, epistles bad been written to different churches, and these were not collected for a considerable time, So two or three centuries elapsed before anything ap proaching a complete New Testament was collated. And for many centuries more the Canon was subjected to successive criticisms and revisions. In answer to the question previously put, the preacher states generally that upon the Church devolved tbe solemn and important d nty of deciding which were divinely -inspired Scriptures, and which were not. It was a difficult task indeed, and the outcome is not universally the same. But for our part we are fully satisfied with the result as it concerns ourselves, and axe content to accept our £ngli«h Bible as tbe very Word of God. Of course we must not overlook the fact that, of late yeart, much critical knowledge and great historical res- arch have been brought to bear upon the Holy Scriptures. Scholars argue with omen force, that some of the books of the Bible have «ther authors than those popularly ascribed to them — that the first six bx-kE of the old Teitement show strong evidence of several different narratives being interwoven ioto one, and that portions of tbe same Testament were written at times other than those to which we attribute them. Bnt even bo, we are satisfied to await patiently the final issue of these learned researches — confi- dent that God will guard His faith, and that the truth will stand fast for ever. We believe the Holy Catholic Chnrch, and we believe the Scriptures which she has placed in our bands. And even if it ever conies to pass that oar present Canon of Holy Scripture hss to be amended, the same authority which decided the Gaum in the past will have the power to revise it in the future, and the Church of God will BtiU hare & tiue and living word to offer up, sufficient to guide ns unto all truth, and to lead ns in the way everlasting. Afid oonld we imaeine the moit extreme case, viz., that some of our accepted Scriptures are proved not to be divinely-inspired, we should have enough, aye, infinitely more than enough, undisputed Scripture left to ns to estshUsh and confirm us in the truth, and to teach us to ' hold fast the C&thotic; faith,' ' the laitb as it is in Jesus.' We accept then the Word of God on the authority of His Chnrch, and we do it all the more readily because St. Fan! teaches us that 'the Church ol tbe living God is the pillar »nd ground of the truth,1' And one of our thirty-nine Articles assures m that she is its witness and keeper. Bat while, on the me hand, we accept this fact, let us, on the other, never forget fb&t; every divinely inspired Scripture is in deed «nd in truth the very Word of God— breathed into by the Third Person of the ever-blessed Trinity. ' Holy men of old spake as they were moved by the Uoly Ghost.' Mr. Uiggens proceeded to ►how that Jesns Christ was in the highest sense tbe very Word of God — the centre and heart and life— the Alpha and Omega of the Scriptures. He then passed oa to niplain how every inspired Scripture is profitable for teaching, for conviction, for correction, for instruction in righteousness, and how there is no circumstance ol life in which it has mot a message of hope, or comfort, or counsel, er warning for the CQristian. The preacher concluded Kith ec earnest appeal to tbe con gregation, now that the Bible was within tea, h uf all, to use it right well, and to etrivo to Gee Jesus Christ the Personal Word of Gcd t-ver presenting Himself to them in the Written Word. 