^aracfrtal Mntdlxgmtt. Boomahnoomoonah. — A meeting of the congregation of the Church of 'England was held at the State school, on Tuesday evening, July 9th, to make further arrangements for raising money in aid of the Church Building Fund. There were present Mesdimes Trotmm and Smith, Miss Trotman, Messrs. Abbot (Hon. Sec), Bott (Hon. Treas.), Pigdon (2). Trotmxn (2), Macmihoa. (2), Townsend, and the incumbent (Rev. R. H. Potter). After soim discu^ioa it was decided that steps might be taken to build as so-n as £80 had been collected. From the reports of the various collectors it was found that £40 had already been promised. It is hoped that £15 will be realized by a tea meeting and concert, which it was decided at last meeting snouia tane place on oeptemoer ocn. as it was pointed out that Septemb'ir 6th would clash with the Yarrawonga Mission, it was resolved to postpone the tea meeting to October 4th. The secretary was requested to get tickets printed forthwith. The arrangements for the concert were left to the secretary and' the incumbent. The following ladies kindly volunteered to give tables at the tea meeting : — Mrs. Abbott, Mrs. Trotman, Mrs. Pigdon, and the Misse3 Bott. After it had been decided to meet* again not later than four weeks before October 4th, the meeting was brought to a close. Brighton (St. John's the Less.)— 9n Tuesday evening, the ' 9th inst, this little building was filled to its utmost capacity by a most appreciative audience, who turned out to listen to a lecture announced to be delivered by that popular lecturer, t'ue Rev. W. Stacey Chapman, M.A. The subject of tha lecture wa3 ' St. Columba, his life and work.' This was abljr handled by the rev. lecturer, who for more than an hour held the audience spall bound, whilst he minutely describad ths birth place of this noted saint, his eirly life, his unflinching labour, and his untiring devotedness to his sacred office. Mr. Chapman also gave his hearers a clear and concise description of many events which occurred during the chequered Ufa of the subject of his lecture. At the closs of his lecture a number of ladies and gentlemen gave an exposition of their vocal powers by rendering in a pleasing style several selections of sacred music. A hearty vote of thanks was accordel to the lecturer for his able, in structive, aad interesting lecture, Mr. G. MacDonnell, the minister in charge, occupied th.3 chair, and announce! that i'i conjunction, with the committee he had arra lgei.for a s-jries of winter evjningk , lectures, the proceeis of which were to b3 devoted to the purcha&e-ojr; \ a new church organ. - ? -''?&' - -: , A. ;- ,',£{,* Gippsland Foeest Mission. — A special meeting of the Guild of the Good Shepherd, in connection with the Gippsland Forest Mission, was held on Thursday, 11th July, instead of the date originally fixed, 25th July, at Warragul. There were present the Rev. F. W. Willcox, Messrs. Atkinson (Jeetho), Eager (Yarragon), Elvery (Drouin), Hitchcock (Buln Buln), Lloyd (Poo wong), Vanston (Mirboo North), readers, and Mr. J. J. Willis (Thorpdale), hon. rea,der. Holy communion was celebrated at 11.30 am. in St. Paul's Church. After dinner, in the parsonage, there was an interesting conversational discussion on the best means of increasing the efficiency of country Sunday- schools. All present took part in the discussion, and many useful hints were gleaned for future service. The subject of ' Public Beading in Church' was next introduced by the Eev. F. W. Willcox, and was heartily taken up by most of the members. Evensong was said at half-past five. After tea farewell was taken of Mr. F. Vanston, who is soon to leave Mirboo for Taradale, and general regret was expressed at the prospect of losing so valuable a man from the Mission. A kindly welcome was also given to Mr. M. Y. Atkinson, who had just arrived to take charge of the South Mornington district. At the next meeting, Mr. C. H. Eager, of Yarragon, will read a paper on 'Justification,' and Mr. J. J. Willis on ' Religion in the State Schools.' Hawthoen. Cheist Chuech.— The Guild of Christ Church, which was established by the Rev. W. Wood, M.A., before he left that parish, held their first sale of work on 12th July, in the school room. The sale was opened by the Rev. W. Wood, who was accom panied by Mrs. Wood. During each evening the Glee Club, under the baton of Mr. H. Alsop, rendered several morceaux and some striking tableaux were displayed by the medium of the magnesium light. Music and songs were given at intervals by Misses Mon gredien, Jerram, Palmer, and Bennett, and Messrs. Daniels and Dunlop, while Mr. Hyndman's performance provoked much amuse-, ment. About £100 were realised, which will help materially. 'thV cause advocated, namely, necessary additions to the Sunday-school buildings. / '/ At a recent meeting of the Christ Church Literary antl Athletic. Club, a paper on the ''Chinese Question' was read by one of the members. rJhe Rev. H. E. Taylor (president) occupied' the chair. The essayist held that the Chinese should be admitted into ;the , colonies free from any restriction, and contended that they 'were useful colonists. Anti-Chinese Legislation the essayist considered inhuman, and quoted the words of C. J. Roe, the great authority on Chinese politics — 'A disgraceful act, and, in its unreasonable spite, worthy of a place beside the measure for the expulsion of the Jews from Spain.' An interesting discussion followed, in which most of the members took part. Heidelbeeg. — The rite of confirmation was administered by the Lord Bishop of Melbourne in Sr. .John's Church on Thursday, 18tli July, to forty-three candidates, twenty-two being presented by the Rev. C. P.Thomas, from the parish of Northcole, and twenty-one by the Rev. A. J. Pickering, from the parish of Heidelberg. There was a very large attendance, and though addiiional sea's were provided cany had to stand during the service. Inveeleigh. — An interesting event, which has been looked for ward to for some time by the members of the Church of England at Inverleigh, came off yesterday, when the foundation stone of the new Angliean church at that township was laid by Mrs. Moriarty. It is now 30 years since the building was erected which, until recently, fulfilled the wants of the congregation, and it was recognised that the erection of a new and more commodious structure was an urgent necessity. The matter was taken up by the Rev. A. Maxwell, shortly after taking charge of the mission, and with the co- operation of Mrs Moriartj^, who evinced a warm interest in connection with the undertaking, definite steps were taken to have the project carried into effect. A committee consisting of the Rev. A. Maxwell (chairman), and Messrs C. H. Martell, (secretary), J. Peel, W. Peel, and Haygarth, was formed, and authorised to make the necessary ar rangements. Plans for the new structure were submitted by Mr A. G. Clarke, architect, of Nicholson's Chambers, Melbourne, and the ' design for a Gothic edifice approved of. The foundations are of con crete, and the superstructure will be built of bluestone with cement ^ facings. A belfry of neat design, with tinterwork portico, is in cluded in the front elevation, and two vestries for the accommodation of the choir, and the clergy, will be erected at the rear of the main building. The church itself, exclusive of the vestries, will be 50 feet x 25 feet, and will comfortably seat 250 persons. The church will be a compact and durable structure. The cost is estimated at £900. It was decided that the foundation stone should be laid yesterday, and the weather fortunately proved of a favorable character. The attendance of the congregation and their friends was large, and amongst the visitors present were the Revs. Canon Goodman, H. B. Macartney (junr.), J. Cameron, and Mr. Ward, reader. The proceed ings commenced with the recitation Dy the Rev. Canon Goodman of the usuai prayers set apait for such occasions, after which the Rev. A. Maxwell, presenting Mrs. Moriarty with a handsome silver trowel, addressed that lady and those present. The stone having been placed in position, Mrs Moriarty took the trowel and declared the foundation stone of St. Paul's Church well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Rev. H. B. Macartney addressed those present on the associations which formed round a church. The offerings placed ou the stone amounted to £G0, and after the hymn, 'The Church's one foundation,' had been rendered, the proceedings terminated with the Benediction. — Qeelong Advertiser. Kew. — Canon Vance preached at Holy Trinity on Sunday, July 14, for the last time before going away from the parish for an absence of eight months. This being the first sensible break in a pastorate of nearly twenty years some seasonable words had to be said, and were said by the preacher with much earnestness and solemnity, but with commendable calm, of manner and sobriety of speech. The. number of communicants in the morning has never been exceeded in this church at any one service. The congregations were large and attentive throughout the day, and no doubt felt the impressiveness of the occasion, but all the proceedings were 's grave and decorous as might have been expected from the minister and people of Holy Trinity. We should not mention this but for the lidiculously exaggerated account of the service which appeared in one of the evening papers, in which a sensational scene was des cribed which had no existence but in the writer's imagination. Canon Vance sailed for Mackay, North Queensland, on Saturday, 20th ult. On the previous Saturday the churchwardens of Holy. Trinity, F. W. Howard, W. H. Lamond, and W. Snelling, called on him and said that they were deputed by the parishioners to express their sense of the value of the work he had done in the parish for so many years, and their unanimous desire that he should benefit by his well-earned holiday, and return to them refreshed and strengthened in body and spirit. In testimony of this general goodwill Mr. Howard handed him a cheque for a very large amount, which he said had bren subscribed by the congregation with great willingness and good feeling. Canon Vance thanked the deputation in a few feeling words. When he was appointed to the parish Bishop Perry had told him that if he himself had to choose an incumbency in the diocese, he should prefer Kew to any other. His own experience of the kindness and support he had received from his parishioners led him to the same conclusion. In Canon Vance's absence, Canon Chalmers has consented to undertake the superin tendence of the service. The Rev. Stanley Hinsoa continued to be cu'rate' of the parish, but will receive valuable assistance from a number' of the leading Melbourne clergy, who will take turns in preaching; at Holy Trinity while the incumbent is away. Tung-amah. — A concert was held in the Mechanics' Hall on Thursday evening, July 11th, in aid of St. Alban's Church of England Sunday School. The night was a bright moonlight one, and the hall was well filled. The stage was tastefully arranged by the ladies to represent a drawing room. Recitations were given by Messrs; Daley, Carbarus, and the Rev. R. H. Potter. Songs were sung by the Misses Rodgers, Tilburn, L. Tilburn, Messrs. Staker,. Bromfield, Rodgers, and the Rev. R. H. Potter. Judging from the oft-repeated applause the audience were greatly pleased with 'the performance. More than enough will be realised to wipe off a small debt, and the school authorities expect to have a balance large enough to enable them to start a library. Woodend. — A goodly concourse of lads and lasses, of various ages, assembled at the Parsonage on July 18, at 7.40 p.m., to hear a starlight lecture on the wonders of the heavens. The telescope was placed in position, and a number of objects were shown through it, a short explanation being given of each one : — Coloured double stars — Alpha Herculis and Beta Cygni ; binary stars, Alpha Centauri and Gamma Virginis ; triple star. Alpha Crucis. A glorious cluster in Argo Navis, not far from the great nebula, was well resolved ; and the spectacle of such a small portion of the sky ' sowed with stars thick as a field,' seemed greatly to impress the young observers. Jupiter's belts and satellites were also shewn, and Arcturus and Cahopus. The object last mentioned being near the horizon, its. prismatic rays — deep red, orange, blue, and green — as viewed with a low power were greatly admired. As an example of the energy of the heat-waves of the stars, it was mentioned that although the distance of Arcturus exceeds that of the sun by as many times as sixteen years exceed eight minutes, yet the rays of this star, on being condensed by means of a great burning-glass, have been known to sensibly affect the thermometer. It has been decided to set apart one or two nights every month for lectures similar to the one briefly described, at which one constellation will be taken at a time, and the principal telescopic objects in it, that are within easy reach of instruments of modest dimensions, will be shewn and commented on. The instrument in use is well capable of such well- known tests as. the companion of Rigel, and the resolution of Alpha Centauri ; and it will shew tolerably well the quadruplicity of Epsilon Lyrae. YAERAwWGA. — Work preparatory to the September Mission has commenced. The Rev. R. W. Cooke, M.A., of Maldon, is coming to us as Missioner. The first meeting for Intercessory prayer was' held on Tuesday, July 16th, at which all those who have volunteered to act as visitors were present. The town has been divided into four divisions, and two visitors will distribute leaflets from house to house in each division weekly. A Mission choir practice is held every Thursday, and a practice is also held after evening service on Sunday once a fortnight. A special sermon was preached by the Rev. R. H. Potter on . June 30th, announcing the mission, and how it was pro posed to prepare for it. Encouraging responses have been- made to his appeals for help. Yea. — During the past month several additions have been made to the church of St. Luke. The harmonium. used for many years has. been replaced by a very fine cabinet organ, selected by the Rev. Dr. Torrance at the establishment of Messrs. Glen and Co. The purchase money was asked for on Easter Sunday, and so well have the parishioners subscribed that the total amount was almost all given or promised by the end of Juue. The Dedication Service was held on the 28th ultimo, when the Revd. Canon Langley was the preacher. His text was Isaiah xxx. 29, ' Ye shall have a song as in the night.' Tfce pr.iyers and lessons were read by the Rev. Incum bent, and the singing was of hearty co-'gregational character through out. The following gifts have been given : — A Caen stone font and a cedar lectern, by Mr. B. S. Purcell ; a vestry chair, by Mrs. John Wadkin ; a set of communion linen, by the ladies of All Saints Guild, St. Kilda , a book rest for the communion table, a linen surplice, and an iron box for the safe keeping of the parochial records, by the Rev. C. H. and Mrs. Barnes. The font abovemen tioned has a historical interest, as it was used in old St. Paul's Church, Melbourne, and subsequently in the Pro- Cathedral. The guardians hare recently been enabled by a kind friend, who lent the money without interest, to purchase a large bell, and they have entered into a contract with a Melbourne firm to erect an iron belfry, with a turret roof, on the hill in the church grounds. As the church is now free from debt, and fully furnished, Ihe parishioners f.re looking forward to its consecration. 