The Advertiser FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1889. YESTERDAY we had occasion to refer to disparaging remarks made by a South Australian legislator in London with regard to his own colony. To-day we wish to direct attention to some reflections passed on South Australians by a gentle- man who not long ago paid a visit to the province. A cablegram, published in Thursday's issue, states that at a farewell demonstration in London to the Rev. F. Hastings, who is coming to the colony as pastor of the North Adelaide Con- gregational Church, the Rev. Dr. Hannay said "there was undoubtedly scope for the new pastor in Adelaide, and he would find in his new sphere that the teetotal cause was carried on with enthu- siasm. The speaker felt, however, com- pelled to admit that wine drinking was a serious blot on South Australian life." The inference to be drawn from these remarks is that South Australia presents a field for the energies of temperance advocates of a rather extraordinary character. Most people will read Dr. Hannay's observations as a reflection on the sobriety of this community, and those who accept them in that spirit will carry away a false impression as to the extent to which South Australians depart from the wholesome rule of moderation. Of course in any country where alcohol is used, no matter what may be the form in which it is employed, there will unfor- tunately be some amount of drunkenness. And while a single toper remains to afflict himself and society, temperance societies will have their rason d'ètre, and there will be scope for the work of gentlemen like Mr. Hastings. But the people of this colony will be astonished to hear from an outsider that they are in particular need of missionary effort, owing to their indul- gence in one kind of alcoholic liquor. Compared with the other colonies, South Australians are decidedly a sober com- munity. The vice of drunkenness has been decreasing, not increasing. It is per- fectly true that in Adelaide "the teetotal cause is carried on with enthusiasm," and teetotal advocates may fairly claim a share of the credit for the gratifying result we have just noted. We hardly believe, however, that even the most extreme disciple of Father Mathew would venture to assert that, as colonial life goes, hard drinking is more frequent in South Australia than among similar communities elsewhere. In the early days of the colonies the manufacturers of wine was the parent of many evils. The producers thought much more of quantity than quality, and the wines commonly retailed were of a fiery, spirituous character, having terrible effects on those who drank them to excess. The ownership of a vineyard was often ruin, moral and physical, to the pro- prietor. Many heart rending stories could be told of such. But the wines which are now most popular in the colonies are light, wholesome, and comparatively harm- less, it must be admitted that by the system of wine licenses the colonial Legis- latures have taken this industry under their special protection. As people will have alcohol, it has been thought wise to encourage the substitution of light wines, as being more suitable for a warm climate, for spirits and strong and heavy liquors brewed from malt. By a reference to Hayter's Year Book we ascertain that the consumption of wine per head of the population is greater in South Australia than in New South Wales, Victoria, or Queensland. For a period of three years the average annual consumption of wine per head in this colony amounted in gallons to 1.59. In Victoria it was 1.01 ; in New South Wales, 0.74 ; and in Queensland, 0.69. But it is only fair to add to these figures those which show the consumption of other intoxicating liquors, and when the latter are taken into the reckoning the comparison will be seen to be entirely in favor of this colony. The statistics are best given in a tabular form :— Beer—gallons. | Spirits—gallons. N.S.W.... ... 16.70 | 1.39 Victoria ... 16.41 | 1.12 Queensland ... 9.55 | 1.85 South Australia 14.37 | 0.80 Mr. Hayter has gone to the trouble of reducing the consumption of the different drinks—beer, wine, and spirits—to their equivalent in beer, on the assumption that one gallon of beer, one-third of a gallon of wine, and one-twelfth of a gallon of spirits are equivalent quantities. This calculation birngs out the following re- sult :—Equivalent in beer of different liquors consumed— New South Wales, 35.60 gallons ; Queensland 33.82 ; Victoria 32.88 ; South Australia, 28.74 ; From these figures it will be observed that although as a wine-consuming colony South Australia heads the list she takes the lowest place in regard to the consump- tion of intoxicating liquors all round. The ratio between the quantity of liquor consumed by a community and the extent to which drunkenness exists in it is, however, exceedingly uncertain. Mr. Hayster observes :—"In well-policed countries, such as are most, if not all, the Australasian colonies, where a drunken man showing himself in public is sure to be speedily apprehended, the arrests for drunkenness doubtless afford the most reliable indication of the extent to which that vice prevails." Let us therefore apply this test to South Australia. For years past our police reports have laid special across on the constantly-decreas- ing number of convictions for inebriety. In 1886/7 there was a drecrease of 520 cases, as compared with the preceding year ; in 1887/8 there was a decrease of 221\. Mr. Hayter's figures for 1886 show that of six Australasian colonies (Western Australia is excluded owing to the absence of distinguishing returns) South Australia has the most satisfactory record. The arrests or summonses for drunkenness per 1,000 of the population were in South Australia only 8.20, while in New South Wales they were 28.29, in Victoria 14.72, and in Queensland 17.29 ; nor was 1886 an exceptional year. The drunkenness returns were the lowest in this colony for the two preceding years. Accordingly, not only as regards the con- sumption of drink, but as regards con- victions for inebriety, the comparative position of South Australia is one on which her people are fairly entitled to congratu- late themselves. But one test still remains. Judges and magistrates are constantly commenting on the connection between drunkenness and crime. In South Australia, as if to bear out their view, crime has been steadily diminishing of late years along with the decrease in drunken- ness. In 1886, returning to Mr. Hayter, we find that as regards all classes of offences South Australia had far-and-away the best record amongst all the Austral- asian colonies. Not only was this the case, but for the 11 years from 1876 to 1886, both inclusive, crime in South Aus- tralia was less, calculated on the basis of population, than in the other colonies. The figures for 1886 may be worth giving—Arrests or summonses per 1,000 of the population : Offences against the person—Victoria, 4.24 ; New South Wales, 10.34 ; Queensland, 6.29 ; South Australia, 1.82 ; Western Aus- tralia 12.75 ; Tasmania, 3.77 ; New Zealand, 2.78. Offences against property —Victoria, 4.84 ; New South Wales, 7.51 ; Queensland, 5.88 ; South Aus- tralia, 2.31 ; Western Australia, 11.13 ; Tasmania, 5.04 ; New Zealand, 4.11. Other offences (omitting drunkenness already referred to)—Victoria, 32.28 ; New South Wales, 37.03 ; Queens- land, 23.59 ; South Australia, 13.87 ; Tasmania, 28.67 ; New Zealand, 19.51. It will be seen that in every case South Australia occupies the most favorable position. The argument needs no further elaboration. Though South Australians drink more wine than colonists elsewhere, Dr. Hannay's unfavorable conclusion as regards the special need of temperance effort in this province is clearly based upon a misconception of the facts. Com- pared with our neighbors, and especially New South Welshmen, we are models of sobriety. What must Dr. Dale have been thinking of when Dr. Hannay was speak- ing? The wines of South Australia are highly spoken of by him in his articles in the Contemporary Review, and in his opinion the wine industry of the colony has a great future before it. DURING the last fortnight a Tongan Wesleyan minister and his wife have been visiting the colony, and their addresses have on several occasions brought the troubles of their distracted country vividly before the public. Their position is one that is happily so rare as to be almost unique. In a certain sense they are political exiles, but at the same time they are exiles for conscience sake. They had the alternative placed before them of con- formity or banishment. Fidelity to con- victions of duty precluded their accepting the former, and so, with a considerable number of others they were deported from their native land. Such an episode seems strangely out of harmony with the spirit of the nineteenth century. It re- calls incidents of what we are accus- tomed to consider as the dark ages, and events that are recorded in the history of the Puritans. Such things seem so far removed from ordinary life that when reading of them we are conscious that a feeling of semi-incredulity intrudes itself. Those old stories of intolerance and violence on the one side and of lamb-like meskness on the other, we fancy ought to be taken cum grano salis. It is sug- gestes that allowance should be made for temporarily excited imaginations, and the human tendency to exaggerate. Similarly with regard to the Tongan troubles, there has all along been an inclination to apply the discounting process, encouraged of course by the disclaimers and protests of the responsible parties. Hence the recital of the story, or fragmentary portions of it, by those who were actors and sufferers in the tragedy, came to many of their hearers with all the freshness of a new sensation. Personally they strongly recommended themselves to their audiences. The Rev. David Tonga is an educated and ordained Wesleyan minister who has rendered excellent service for many years in educational work as well as in that of the ordinary ministry. His appearance is that of a man of no small ability. His wife, who is a superior mathematical scholar, and speaks English with correctness if not with fluency, charmed her hearers by the modesty and simplicity of her statements. The bare account of what they passed through prior to their banishment, given without any attempt at sensationalism, was inexpressibly pathetic. Moreover the association with them of the Rev. George Brown was in itself an ample endorse- ment. Apart from his laborious missionary toils and great successes, Mr. Brown's ser- vices to humanity in connection with the ill-fated expedition of the Marquis de Reay, to geography by his explorations to commerce as the pioneer of civilisation, and to natural science in several depart- ments, have won for him world-wide fame. The British Admiralty, learned societies, and German authorities, have all recog- nised the value of his efforts. No living man knows more about the South Seas, and there is none who is more fully trusted by civil and military officials in that part of the world. It was a recogni- tion of his peculiar fitness for such a work that induced the Wesleyan General Conference to appoint him as its commis- sioner to Tonga in the hope that he might heal the breach that had occurred and re- establish peace. His emphatic cor- roboration of the statements made by Mr. and Mrs. Tonga, and his own account of the reality, severity, and extent of the persecutions, derived from personal observation and enquiry, as a sufficient not only to remove any linger- ing doubts, but to cause a thrill of indigna- tion mingled with a sense of shame that in these times such things are possible. The cause of all the troubles was curiously like that from which many of our own ancestors suffered rather more than 200 years ago. The King and Pre- mier of Tonga determined to establish a State Church for reasons that we need not here enter into, which by a strange perversion of ideas they called the Free Church. Their object was to include within it the people, and although no Act of Uniformity was passed, what was promulgated was designed to have a simi- lar effect. Now as then there were many who clung steadfastly to liberty of conscience and who refused to be either dragooned or cajoled into a surrender of their prin- ciples. However secession was to be justified, and the use of persuasive measures admitted as a right, there can be no justification for resorting to violence. It is as horrible and undeniable that proselytism was carried on by blows from the butt-ends of muskets, the most cruel flagellations, looting of property, starva- tion, imprisonment, threats of immediate death, and banishment from the country. In carrying on the work ancient tribal feuds and jealousies were revived, and scenes of violence enacted without num- ber. All the resources of the Government were brought to bear—merciless fines and terrible punishment were inflicted for trumped up offences, the apparatus for administering justice was prostituted, and a veritable reign of terror was introduced. The narrative of the whole would fill a volume—goodly as to proportions, but ghastly as to contents. A mild specimen has been afforded by the quiet account sup- plied by Mrs. Tonga of how she with her husband and other relatives was met with the single question, "Will you turn or not?" and what followed their refusal. Crowded into a prison with an iron roof and closed windows, without food to eat or water to wash their wounds, unable to find space even to lie down, and almost stifled for want of air—the misery of such an imprisonment for a week in a tropical climate cannot be told. It was terminated by banishment, but on the voyage yet further pressure was applied by a threat of being drowned in mid-ocean. While we admire the fortitude that stood such tests, we have nothing but execration for the insigator of the proceedings, deepened by the remembrance that he is a white man, and calls himself an Englishman. This extraordinary chapter of Polyne- sian history is not yet closed. Its future pages may not be so blood-stained and tear-blotted as those already written, but the trail of the serpent is over them still. The era of violence and outrage is perhaps over, but there is a cunning malignity at work scarcely less detestable. Conformity is made the avenue to places under Government, and nonconformists are placed in all kinds of ways at a cruel dis- advantage. Throughout the entire machinery of State management the religious test operates as a potent factor, and is being worked both openly and underhandedly. Local statutes are made engines of tyranny, illegal proceedings take place constantly to oppress those who will not join the so- called Free Church, and they find themselves debarred from even such subordinate employment as those of policement or schoolmasters. In all this the hand of the chief plotter is to be seen as in the former phases of the tran- saction. Mr. Shirley Waldemar Baker is the power behind the throne. The King, a grand old man, of over ninety years of age, who would have been deemed worthy of canonisation had he died ten years ago, is the foil for the Premier. Mr. Baker, when closely pressed, seeks to throw the responsibility on the nominal ruler, but to all such evasions there is one unanswerable re- joinder. He has retained his position from the beginning, and holds it still as the Premier. He is, in fact, the execu- tive in his own person. On him all civilised nations are compelled to affix the stigma of what has taken place, for no man can continue in such an office without retaining its obligations. His attempt to shelter himself behind the name of the king is a miserable subterfuge that deceives no- body. Had he been opposed to the policy pursued his obvious course was to resign, and as he did not he must endure the obloquy he has earned. It is a mys- tery to all who do not fully understand South Sea politics that the British Government allows any one who holds and disgraces the name of a British sub- ject to have the opportunity of perpe- trating such evils as those with which he is connected. Of this we are sure— should the Rev. George Brown tell the tale in London which he has told in Ade- laide, and produce as his witnesses Mr. and Mrs. Tonga, such a storm of feeling might speedily be raised as would not only render Mr. Baker's residence in Tonga impossible, but drive him to seek shelter for his dishonored head in some corner of the planet where his name had never been heard. THE Homesteads League is deserving of much credit for the persistency with which it has always sought to forward the interests of those who have taken up homestead blocks, and it is pleasing to find that both the Commissioner of Crown Lnads and the Land Boards are inclined to lend their aid to rendere there small selections a success. It will be remem- bered that the Act of last year placed the homestead blocks within the jurisdiction of the Land Boards, to be dealt with by them on the same principles as the rest of the land within their districts. Certain difficulties, however, have arisen in the practical work of satisfying appicants for the blocks, and it was to obtain a remedy for these as far as possible that a deputation from the league waited on the Commis- sioned of Crown Lands yesterday. The system by which the Land Board decides among the various applicants for a block of land is unquestionably the best which has been yet devised ; but it is open to the difficulty, as matters stand at present, that the applicant who does not get the block of his choice is left entirely out in the cold, and although he may be willing to take up an adjoining block at once, he must make a fresh applica- tion, and wait until the board sits again before it can be dealt with, and before he can know his fate. This of course is very annoying to an intending settler and may put him to great loss and inconvenience, or even drive him away altogether, but fortunately it is a trouble that can be easily remedied. The board may either meet again immediately to allot blocks to the unsuccessful applicants of the first sitting, or the difficulty may be met by allowing each applicant to send in a list of the blocks he wishes to select in the order of his preferences. The latter alternative would, in the Commissioner's opinion, clash with the provision that no one can apply for a larger total area than 20 acres ; but this objection would scarcely hold good if the secondary application were clearly made conditional on the first not being successful. However, the exigencies of the case can be very well met if the board continues its sittings until all the applicants for unoccupied blocks are satisfied. The question is of wide im- portance, because the same difficulty will doubtless arise over the allotment of farm- ing and grazing blocks by the boards, and the same arrangements for treating secondary applications will be ad- visable in both cases. The deputa- tion had further to make a re- quest to Mr. Coles, which has been very often made to that gentleman of late both in Parliament and by means of deputations, that he would deal as leniently as possible with blockholders who have good reasons to give for being in arrears with their rent. Rightly or wrongly the present Commissioner has gained the reputation of being a somewhat exacting landlord toward tenants of the Crown Consideration should especially be shown towards blockholders in the first few years of their occupation. In most cases they start upon their small holdings with little or no capital. A house has to be built, fencing erected, the ground prepared, and vines or fruit trees planted. All this means expenditure of money and labor with a very small immediate return from the land itself. It is clearly a case for forbearance as long as evidence is given of an honest effort to turn the land to some good use. If the authorities take care to survey working men's block in suitable localities they should form an im- portant factor in the future progress of the colony ; for there must be hundreds of spots in the hill district and else-where where holdings of 20 acres and under suitable for vine and fruit growing may be surveyed, with the effect of attracting an industrious population on to the land. THE atmosphere of peril in which his Majesty the Emperor of all the Russias lives, moves, and has his being, is again illustrated by the intelligence we publish to-day. His life has been again spared. Sentence of death has been commuted to imprisonment in his own iron fortress of Gatschina. There at least he is compara- tively safe untile the Nihilists put in exe- cution their speculative plan of laying the place in ruins by explosives dropped from a balloon. Safe he may be, but never at ease. The ghost of assassination pervades all his dreams, and haunts his every step. It was said of him at the time of his coro- nation that he marched to the throne pre- ceded by his father's assassins and followed by his own. Of the strain upon his nervous organisation, produced by his ter- rible situation, there is abundant evidence. An abiding depression rests upon his spirits, and it is said his state of mind is reflected in his physical appearance. From the wearying anxiety he labors under there is no escape while he occu- pies his perilous post. His case no doubt proves that a Czar takes a deal of killing ; and upon what other unhappy wretch in existence have so many attempts to kill been wasted ? It was scarcely an effort of extravagant humor which made Mark Twain or some other American wit describe the Czar as being obliged to confine himself to a diet of American tinned meats to escape poison. Each meal is literally cooked at the point of the bayonet. The fear of poison is in every mouthful he eats. In the guise of each attendant there lurks a possible assassin. The Czar sleeps with a revolver beneath his pillow, and walks with one in his breast. Accidents sometimes happen, as when some months ago his Imperial Majesty "drew upon" and killed an innocent officer of his body guard. But it is upon emerging from Gatschina that the most elaborate precautions are neces- sary. Some mischance, yet unex- plained from the world in the railway "accident" at Borkl, which the police are still investigating. In that un- doubted plot the Superintendent of Rail- ways himself is accused of implication. He may be guilty, for the Nihilists draw their agents from all classes—from the wealthy and gentle as well as from the poor and unscrupulous. On that occasion sentries were stationed every ten miles, and the entire force of police and gendarmes from every town along the route which the Czar traversed at express speed were in requisition. It takes a military operation of the first magnitude to get his Majesty —with no certain safety, after all—from one part of his own dominions to another. This terrible tragedy of an Emperor—one of the wealthiest, and assuredly the most powerful of living rulers—pursued by an implacable, unresting foe, which strikes so unexpectedly and retires so completely and so silently into the darkness, has plainly not yet reached its last act. His Excellency the acting- Governor has re- ceived a telegram from Sir W. F. D. Jervois stating that he intends to leave Melbourne for Adelaide this evening, but that he does not propose to reach Adelaide till tomorrow even-ing, it being his intention to spend Saturday at Wellington. The mail steamer Cuzco brought a large consignment of goods for Lord Kintore, our new Governor. For the most part they con- sisted of wines and other requisites for Government House. The cases were landed, and will be brought to the vice-regal residence without delay. At the meeting of the Port Adelaide Cor- poration, held on Thursday, a commitee, consisting of the mayor, Councillors Mattin- ton and Parker, and the town clerk, was appointed to make arrangements for the re- ception of the Earl of Kintore on his arrival at the Port. The Government Gazette this week notifies the establishment of an inland parcels post, which will operate on April 1. Parcels not exceeding 7 lb. in weight and 3 feet 6 inches in length, or 6 feet in girth and length combined, will be exchanged between the different postal offices at a tariff of 9d. for 2 lb. or under, and 3d. for each extra lb. The monthly meeting of the committee for the Home for Incurables was held at the Church Office, Leight street, on Thursday, Dr. Wylde presiding over a good at tendence. Accounts were passed for pay- ment amounting to £168 15s. 3d. Four appli- cations for admission were favorably con- sidered. It was resolved immediately to call for tenders for the erection of additions to the building. The secretary reported two admis- sions and four deaths during the month, the present number of inmates being 74. During the month of February 59 acres of the public land were sold for £95 16s. 3d. There were no credit sales. The total pay- ments on account of land during the month amounted to £7,185 18s., of which the following are particulars:—Amount paid into the Treasury £ 52 13s. 3d.; completion of purchases of 1,163½ acres, under Act 14 of 1888-9, &c.;, £1,208 9s. 4d.; payment of one fourth purchase money, £32 5s.; payment of portion of purchase money, £4,999 5s. 11d.; payment of deposit (10 per cent.) on account of purchase-money, £107 6s.; interest on extension of pur- chase-money, £481 4s. 10d.; interest on over due amounts, £334 13s. 8d. At a meeting of the committee of the Aborigines' Friends' Association held on March 25 it was resolved—"That this com- mittee having heard of the lamented death of the late Mr. F. W. Taplin, the superintendent of the Point Macleay mission, in the fire which occurred in the Hindley-street Coffee Palace on the morning of Friday, March 22, desire to place on record their deep sense of the loss which the mission has sustained in the sudden death of their superintendent and of the value of the services which, during the past 10 years, he has rendered to the mission. They also desire to express their deep sym- pathy with his widow and family, and hereby direct that a letter containing this resolution be forwarded to Mrs. Taplin." On Thursday Messrs. Caldwell, M.P., and Bartlett, M.P., with Dr. Vonnida, chairman of the Troubridge Board of Advice, waited on the Minister of Education (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson) and called his attention to the bad state of the floors in the shelter sheds of all the schools in the district. It was suggested that the floors be relaid with rough concrete, and then soaked with gas tar. The school at Warooka urgently required to be enlarged, which could be done by the removal of a parti- tion. An underground tank was required for this school. The Warooka Post Office should be fenced in to protect the property, and a small shed erected on the south side of the building. At Stansbury some minor improve- ments were wanted to be done. The minister replied that he would call for a report on all the points mentioned by the deputation. It will be seen from our cablegrams else- where that delegates from the American, Spanish, and other large copper mines are now in London holding a conference with the French syndicate with a view to settling the output of each mine, and the price of copper for the future. In the original agreement with the syndicate the mines when called upon to do so agreed to reduce their output 20 per cent. It would be interesting to many to know if representatives of the large copper mines of this colony have been invited to attend the conference, with power to agree to reduce the output in common with the other large mines of the world. As it is to the interest of both the mines and the syndicate that the price should be a fair and remunerative one, shareholders in our colonial mines might take heart and hope the price will be fixed at about £60 per ton, at which figure the producer could live and the consumer do well. The necessity for fencing and planting of a forest reserve recently declared on the West Coast was brought under the notice of the Com- missioner of Crown Lands by Mr. J. Moule, M.P., on Thursday. Mr. Moule asked that a Parliamentary vote for the work might be an- ticipated, and that the work of fencing and planting might be at once proceeded with. Mr. Coles said in compliance with the request of the members for the district and the people there a forest reserve had been declared, but in consequences of a scarcity of surveyors some little delay had occurred in defining the boun- daries. He recognised that it was quite useless declaring forest reserves unless they were fenced in and planted, and had the finances of the colony been more flourishing he would not have hesitated to anticipate a Parliamentary vote, but having regard to the existing condi- tion of the finances he would ask them to wait until Parliament met, and in the meantime he would advise his colleagues to place a sum on the Estimates for the desired purpose. At the bearing of the late shooting ease at Port Augusta the counsel on behalf of Henry Richardson, the de- fendant, was not allowed by Mr. Justice Boucaut to cross-examine Woodman, the prosecutor, concerning his intimacy with Richardson's wife, as matters occurring two months before the shooting could not be taken as evidence of provocation. Mr. Richardson, the father of the convicted man, has called upon and shown us two letters presumably written by his wife to the defendant from Adelaide. We say "presumably" because, although the letters begin "Dear Henry," there is nothing to show on the face of them that they were addressed to Henry Richard- son, although most persons will be satisfied as to their genuineness. From letter No. 1, which is addressed "Eliza-street, Adelaide, March 6," we make the following extracts :— "As for your going away, surely you will see the children before you go? They may die before they grow up. You would never go without a kiss from them once more. No doubt when you are gone you will never think of them, but get some others, as I know you will live with another woman. But, there, never mind, I must not talk so. Hall, if you go away, for God's sake don't forget the children's bread by way of what you have promised. Take them from me, and take them with you, and never let us hear where you are. I cannot earn for them both, and the boys cannot keep them. . . . . . . Don't clear out and forget the dear little things for God's sake. Send a few pounds until they get a few years older. I don't want it. It shall go to keep them as nice as I can. It would be cruel if you do so. If you don't wish us to know where you are going send it through some one you know, but still if you do so they must suffer. . . . . . How I came to be so foolish. I felt as if then I did not care, because you were always so cross. It is the real truth what I say, and God knows it. Hall, I am sorry for it, but it cannot be helped. . . . . I know it will never be again, so never fear. Don't tell your parents about me. Pray keep it to yourself. Say what else you like, but not that. No, please don't. It will not happen again. I would not like them to know. When you write again don't write such letters as the last. I would rather receive none than of the kind. Trusting you will keep my trouble to yourself from your parents.—From one troubled, A.R." The next letter was headed "Eliza Cottage, March 8," and was signed "A. W. Richardson." We make the follow- nig extracts:—"As to keeping my promise, I mean to do so, even if I never meet you again. I have made up my mind to live for the dear children. Poor little Franky comes up and says, 'Don't cry, mama.' The poor little fellow is all right when I say 'No more cry, Franky.' No, I have as much distaste for evil as I can have at present, nad times to come. Never go wrong again. Never, Poor Mother talks about going to the Port to see into the affair at Easter; but God prevent her from doing so. She asks me if I have done wrong, and hopes I can say No. I can not; but, alas, I can't say truly to her and my God, I can't say Yes to my poor mother. She will have to find it out herself. I cannot tell her, poor thing. Don't tell her, please Hall, what I told you. Let it remain with the two of us and not her, poor thing. Yes, if ever you take me away from this part with you I will be just the same as before this happened, and no one will dare to say another word to me. Even if I remain as I do now I shall never allow a free word from any man." There was a good attendance at the Exhi- bition Risk last evening, and skaters had a pleasant time of it. The first meeting of shareholders in the River Murray Navigation Company was held at the company's office, Grenfell- street, on Thursday. No business was transacted, the meeting being merely a formal one to comply with the statute requiring it to be held. No doubt there will be a very large atten- dance at the Adelaide Oval to-night, when the Military Band will give a promenade concert in aid of the Taplin relief fund. The switchback and toboggan takings will also be given to the same object. The charge at the gates will be only 3d. The comedies of "Uncle's Will" and "The Game of Speculation" were repeated for the last time at the Theatre Royal on Thursday evening. To-night Mr. Wybert Reeve will appear in one of his admittedly great imper- sonations, that of Count Fosco in Wilkie Collins's play of "The Woman in White." This is a part which Mr. Reeve has represented over 1,500 times, and as he only adds two more representations to the list on the present occa- sion, there should be good houses both to-night and to- morrow. One Monday the drama of "The Millionaire" will be produced for the first time in Adelaide. We understand that shares in the recon- structed Woollen Factory Company advertised in this issue are being freely taken up by shareholders in the present company, thus showing that those who have the best oppor- tunity of judging of the future prospects of the venture are full of hope as to its success. In Queensland and New Zealand satisfactory dividends from such factories are being paid, and everything points to the likelihood of similar results in South Australia when the water difficulty is overcome. The Murray water is proved by analysis to be eminently suitable for wool scouring and dyeing, and no difficulty is anticipated in placing orders to keep the present machinery in full work, with an early prospect of extending operations. On Thursday evening Mr. W. J. Venning (president of the S.A. Farmers' Mutual As- sociation) delivered his lecture on "A State Bank" at the Democratic Club Rooms. Mr. J. Z. Sellar occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance, including several members of both branches of the Legislature. Mr. Venning explained the basis on which a State bank should be established, and pointed out the many advantages that would result from the working of such an institution. He con- tended that the issue of notes could be worked on the security of the national estate, and that these could with advantage be made a legal tender and passed into currency in lieu of gold. The lecture was attentively listened to, and provoked an animated discussion, at the close of which Mr. Venning was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. The "Silver Falls" Theatrical Company, engaged for the colonies by Messrs. William- ton, Garner, & Musgrove, arrived in Ade- laide by the mail steamer Cuzco on Thursday morning, and it appears are to remain here and make their first appearance in Australia at our Theatre Royal. They will open in "Silver Falls" three weeks hence on the conclusion of Mr. Wybert Reeve's comedy season. The drama will be produced in the most perfect manner. The scenery, which is now being painted in Melbourne, will be of the most elaborate character. The expenses of bringing out such a company as this is very large, and it is to be hoped the great enterprise of the firm will be rewarded. Mr. Frank Clark also brought out a new variety troupe by the same steamer, but he and his confreres proceed direct to Melbourne. We are informed that the patent rights for the manufacture of the new explosive "Roburite" in the Australian colonies will most likely pass from the company in London to a syndicate here, who contemplate putting up works near Adelaide, and who hope to be at work supplying the mines, quarries, and possibly the military and naval authorities within six months. It is claimed for the new explosive that it is the cheapest and safest mining explosive yet inventedm and the syndi- cate propose, having fully proved that it can be succesfully made and sold in this colony, to offer their patent rights for its manufacture and sale in the other colonies. In another column it will be seen that Mr. C. E. Stokes is giving an exhibition of the powers of the roburite at the Gilles Glen Osmond mine and the Glen Osmond Quarry on Saturday next, and he freely invites all persons interested in mining to take a trip with him. The organ recital given by Professor Ives in the Town Hall on Thursday evening was largely attended, the hall being about three parts full. The professor on this occasion had the vocal assistance of Miss Betsie Royal, who we regret to hear made her final public ap- pearance in Adelaide on Thursday. Miss Royal has had a lengthened and careful musical training, which should qualify her to be a valuable acquisition in other circles where teachers of the art are more rare than they are in Adelaide. Her experience includes the operatic stage as well as the concert platform, as her father and herself were for years amongst the best respected members of Lyster's Italian and English opera companies. We under- stand that engagements are awaiting her in the other colonies, where we hop to hear of her future success. Her singing on Thursday evening in Spohr's "Rose softly blooming" and Cowen's "Chil- dren's home" proved the capabilities of her cultured voice, and she was heartily applauded for her skilful and feeling rendering of both these numbers, being accompanied in the latter by Herr Henzenroder on the pianoforte and the professor on the organ. The pro- gramme included in the organ numbers a scholarly prelude and fugue by Hiles, a pretty andante cantabile by Dearle, the well known storm fantasia by Wely, and a march by Gounod, all of which were received with acclamation. At the recital on Thursday next the professor will be assisted by Mrs. Thomas King, who will contribute several pianoforte solos. The advertisements with reference to amusements appear on the second page. A meeting of the Hills Land and Investment Com- pany will be held this afternoon at Santo's Buildings. An entertainment will be given in the North Ade- laide Congregational Church lecture-hall this evening. A meeting of the S.A. National Rifle Association will be held at the Staff Office this evening. The annual swimming matches in connection with St. Peter's College will be held this evening at the City Baths. 