Next week will appear, complete MISS TWEED'S GHOST STORY. Bv SIBAH DOCDNEY, Author of " When We Two Parted," " Thine Heart's Desire," &c.; dhilirjcnfi Column. AT NINE YEARS OLD. It was in the fall of 1S6—, during those troublous times that tried men's souls and broke women's hearts, that a slip of a girl of about nine years stood on the platform at the depot in one of the suburban towns of Cleveland and watched the waiting train with its coach loads of soldiers on their way to the front. The pale face of the wee woman was so full of admiration, and sad with pathetic longing in it as well, that more than one boy in blue remarked it. Finally one, with laughing impertinence, called out, " Hello, little maid, is your sweetheart off to the wat f " You aie all my sweethearts," answered the ohild. " Come and say good-by to me then," called out one of them. The child ran forward, and clambering np the steps, went into the car. The soldier who had accosted the little maid was the counterpart of hundreds who went out to battle in those days, and who sleep the last long sleep under the Southern stars; foil of vigour and ilife, a little " fast" perhaps, bnt sweet and honourable at the core. As he talked with the child, watched the colour come and go, and caught the glanoe of the big grey eyes darkened so easily with the shadow of a great eacrince, he became unusually interested. She was a hopelessly plain mite, the only redeeming thing about her being the bie, luminous eyes and long glossy braids of soft brown hair. The soldier's hand was toying half unoonsciomly with one of these plaitB when he asked what she would be willing to give a soldier who was going out perhaps never to return. There was a real sincerity in the resly, " Anything." Some spirit of mischief muBt have entered the man, for, lifting the braid that lay shining over his wrist, he asked, " Will you give me this?" The answer came very quickly, " Yes." TakiDg from his pocket one of those " housewives" furnished the boys by loving friends, be took out the scissors and clipped off the braid close to her head, while the men standing around themexclaimed at his wantonness and shamed bim in no light manner. When the hair lay coiled on bis knee, and the child was looking smilingly up into his face, he reached into his haversaak, brought out a bottle, and taking off the metal cap that answered for a cup aa well, be poured out soire of the liquor, aud raising it, cried out gaily," Here's to my littlesweetheart." Quick as a flash the slender Sogers clasped his wrist, and the shame and wonder that the child face expressed will never be forgotten by those around. " Ob, soldier," and the eweet voice rang with a paeEion of entreaty," please, please, don't do that!" There was perfect silence over the group in a moment. Something in the slap of mat little hand on his, and the wistful plen.rii Qg in the startled gleam of the grey eyes lifted so earnestly, touched the soldier, and a strange expression grew slowly in the handsome, soldierly face, while the eager voice of the wee maiden sounded clearly through the car, " I gave you just what you asked for; O, T H E E won't yon do something for me?" A moment's hesitation, then he answered, " Yea, little woman, I will." I have wondered many a time and oft in the years that lie between then and now, if any of those gathered there felt that a point was reached in that -man's life when he should choose, at the biddingrof a little child, which path he would tread. " Then, will you sign the pledge with me?" A shout went np from the Boys in bine. "She's got you, Charlie, sign it, sign it," came from all around. " Will you write one, girlie," said Charlie, taking out a blank book, with portable inkstand and pen in the inside Carefully in big round letters the child wrote the only pledge that occurred to her. " 1 will never drink anything that will make me drunk as long as I live," seeming to think the latter clause made it very strong. The soldier took the pen, and in a arm scholarly hand wrote "Charlie D " underneath the childishly written name of thalittle girl. While all_ this was transpiring Igtall, fine' looking soldier, bearing the rank of Colonel, had paced back and forth several times; and now, pausing before the open window, called out," What'sgoing on in there, boys?" "Come in and see, Colonel. Charlie has signed a temperance pledge." While the Colonel walked through the car be heard the story from half a dozen different voices. His hand lay caressingly on the head of the little girl, and a strange expression of almost affection shone in us face as he read the pledge. Taking the pen, he wrote "In witness," arid beneath a name that is written in the hiBtory of thiB nation—a name loved and revered as the one of oar martyred President, James A. Garfield. Taking the hand of the child in his own, he said—" Boys, this is the daughter of Chaplain W-—, of the Seventh. He is summoned to the front tomorrow, and was anxionsly looking for little Mary a moment ago. Charlie, I know some one in Pennsylvania who will be glad to hear of thiB." Every soldier touched his cap as they walked through the oar, and the escort delivered little Mary to her father and told <bci story of 'the missing braid; while the Chaplain held her close in his arms, and his lips pressed her forehead more than once during the recitaL Colonel Garfield closed his story by saying, " He is a young man with a bright future, his only fault being this habit, and, as he is honourable to a nicety, he will never break hu word. Yon have sown good seed. Chaplain." With the remaining braid in his breast pocket, Chaplain W—— nad been many weary months at the front, end the conflict still grew hotter and more bitter. Daring one of those painfully depressing times it was evident a traitor had place in our councils, for every important move was made known to the enemy. General RoBecrans issued the order that all spies were to be tried and shot without delay. Exoitement ran high, and a spy had small chance for his life. Chaplain W was snmmoned one morning to visit the guard-house, at the request of a prisoner who had been brought in during the night and condemned as a spy at early morning roll-call. He had been discovered sknlking around camp, and wheu taken had asked to be reported at headquarters immediately. Upon learning that General Rosecrara was twenty miles away he seemed disturbed and disquieted, but only insisted on reaching him. by some way or means, and finally begged for the Chap Iain's presence. Chaplain W went as requested, and found the prisoner, a man of splendid physique, with a face bearing unmistakable marks of thought and cultivation. Being questioned, the prisoner said — "I am a Union soldier. I am scouting, but not for the rebs. I have information that must go to General Geary immediately. I thought I had struck head quarters ; that's how I came to be caught. If those fools shoot me to-day premise to see General Geary and repeat these words, will yon, Chaplain?" Refusing to talk abont subjects that would naturally interest a man condemned, the prisoner earnestly implored the Chaplain _to carry his message. After promising to take the loDg ride to head-quarters and to see General Geary within three hours, the prisoner repeated over softly a few words that sounded to the listening Chaplain like an unmeaning jumble of words. Then pausing a moment, the soldier bowed bis head, and his voice trembled as he repeated a message for hiB mother, to be delivered to this address, slipping his hand inside the old grey k blouse and bringing out a package wrapped in worn paper. Ae he fumbled for a paper and pencil in his agitation the package fell to the floor, and Btooping to restore it the wrapper fell away, and in the Chaplain's fingers lay a long braid of soft brown hair and a Blip of paper wfth a queer, childishly written pledge, and three names beneath it. Whits as death grew the Chaplain's face, and with a queer choking in hie throat he stammered out—".Where in Heaven's name did you get this ?" Caressing the clinging tress, the moisture dimming the grey eyes so like the ones that shone upon the prisoner on a sunny September day in Hliin uTIiat'ii mv nnmo Pha.nln.in • and this," touching with a tender motion the braided hair, "belonged to the wee maid whose name is written there, She gave it to me on my way to the front two years ago. IguesB you may know the other name." The proud head of the Chaplain bowed low, and a tremor passed over the stern face, and bis voice quivered as he half whispered, " My little Mary, my precious little daughter," and with uncertain fingere drew out from his inside pocket the mate to the prisoner's treasured braid. Speaking rapidly, after the story had been told in a few words, the soldier said, "I have always kept it. Chaplain. Many a time when it was bitter oold and the canteen passed ronnd I could | just see the earnest little face, and the child hand writing so carefully her name. I never forgot it, sir. If they shoot me to-day, send it to my mother, will you ?" The Chaplain waB stirred, and, visiting the officers interested, he argued with them, teUing them the story of the pledge and the twin braids, petitioring that the man might be kept well gnarded until General Geary could be communicated with. The strange, pathetic story, eloquently told, won the day. As soon as Geary could be reached, the prisoner's discharge was ordered immediately, aB he proved to he one of the moBt valiant men in the seeret service, and was then in possession of news of the greatest importance to our leaders. Years drifted past, the war was over, and General Geary was Governor of Pennsylvania. Invitations had been sent out through the quaint old Dutch city, calling those of the Governor's immediate circle to meet a valued friend before his departure to take his position as American Consul in a foreign land. One of the guests, a Blender young thing, remarkable only for a pair of wonderful grey eyes, had just been introdcced to the grave, fine-looking gentleman who stood near the Governor's wife, when supper waB announced. It was such an informal evening that the guests were grouped with regard to congeniality and social affinity rather than strict adherence to rank, so a kindly fate placed the lass on one side of the honoured guest. Noticing that the gentleman turned down his wineglass the girl studied his face a moment, then flashing s glance npat him, she questioned him softly in the pauses of conversation. " Did he not drink wine He answered in the negative, noticing also her empty glass.. " May I ask you why ?" A look of haughty surprise at the impoliteness passed over his face; but without waiting for his reply this strange little lady followed her former rudeness by the astonishing remark that the last : time she had seen him he was preparing to drink from a bottle to her health. Without makine any further revelations she called out in agitated tones, " O, Mr. , don't you remember cutting off my hair and signing the pledge for me 2" Her eyes were all aglow, and tfae mobile mouth quivered. Turning, ths American minuter grasped both her hands in his, and answered, visibly shaken by hiB emotion, "Little Mary, the Chaplain's little maid! God bless you. my child ; I have the braid of hair and the pledge yet 1 ' The Governor and hia wife forgave the sensation when they heard the story. _Do any of you remember how a few years since an American minister withdrew the stars and stripes from any American who persisted in selling intoxicating liquor after the King had forbidden its sale by his subjects? If you do, then yon know the name of the soldier whose pledge bore the name of James A. Garfield as witness, and whose life was saved by the braid of hair he had taken from the Chaplain's little Mary.—Cincinnati Commercial. The Mail Times, a journal published in the city of Dee Moines, has a genius on its staff. He was sent to " do" a concert given by Mrs. Alice Shaw, the whistling lady, and this is how he did it:—" All beholders held their breaths as the broad expanse of snowy, drapery heaved gently, the handsome head and face uplifted, the rich ruby lips puckered kissably, and a soft, sweet, silvery trill shot forth, at once electrifying the audience and suggesting the presence of an impossible cultured canary. The selection was Arditi's rippling, tunefnl ' II Bacio' Waltz, always captivating, and dually so in this novel circumstance. The introductory trill lingered for a moment, as if loth to quit the roseate vase, thence darted away in liqoidifih glee like a bird itself, lofty and rapturously, thence low and adagio, like the souehing of a twilight zeDhyr in romantic June, fortissimo, crescendo, and pianissimo, Mrs. Shaw's lovely throat pulsated like tbe nightingale's, and the notes came forth in all the perfection of tone and technique." To DABKKK GBKY HAIR.—Lockyer's Sulphur Hair Restorer is the quickest, best, safest, and cheapest, Large bottles, Is. 6d. everywhere, sthso 