THE LAN ?WITH THE BROKEN AIRM. A GHOST STORY. The following story by the Hon. Stephen Caleridge aoppas in a late number of TAe Irsn' ," Wor!J: "Thought I, as the wind wailed without and the clck krept up its pitiless repitition, truly it is a fearful night for a man to dio in, and the deaths of men are as ditferent as their hves I was startled from my thoughts by some ouoriu?.g an imperoussummons at my door. There was a lull in the storm when 1 opened it A man was there under the portico, who at on?e addr.?.oslme: ' Aryoua surgeon?' I rclpli-l that I oa ; he atePllwd in, and I cloed the door niafter him, and lelhim into the library. 'I wish you,' he said, throwing off his loose cloak with one hand, ' to doctor my arm.' I skw raw that his left arm had nothing upon it fat the shirt sleeve, and hung at hi side, obriously broken; the rest of his parson was dresed in sombre garments in*nist ?hable from the books against which he stoe and in the dim light only a white arm, and, if lpos sible, whiter face were visible. I took the Lump and brought it to the string- course of the book c oo close to him, and rolling up the sleeve found the arm broken a few indchs above the wrist. Af ter a careful examination I explained that it hi:l trtter be set at once, to which he merely replied. 'Very good.' and for half an hour nothing was sid on either aloe as I went at my tak with profensional promptitude. When all waa complhted, the arm fixed immovable, and the cloalk thrown over him once more, he passed into the hall, I opened the door and said, 'It will re.luire looking at,' referring to his arm; * w ,n will you come again?' 'Iwill come eagin,' he reliadl, ' when our friend is buried.' ' What friend h' I gasped. The light over my door illumined the immovab!e whitefeatures; the lips never stirred, but the eyes looked at me and said, ' He whom you haud left when I come.' 'In the name of God,' said I, 'who and what are you ' The stranger made no answert,bu throwing his cloak over his mouth, strodo away into the darknees! . . When I roached the house I found that death had been there before me; mr friend had breathed his last about half an hour after I had left him. I asked whether he ha:d been conscious at all beforethe end. and those about him replied that he had talked with emphasis about some matter they could not understand, and that he had frequently men tioned some gauntlet about which, as far as theycould comprehend, he seemedin great di?A tre. This I attrinbuted at the timeto deliriumn,1 and after a last sad look at the peaoeful face I returned home sorrowful On the last dayof the year the gloomy procesion of hearse and car riage+n t.tad tIrut nov tti ,,Il' laon Ii the cemetery. Chill anl r!d ~r meda the chapel ne werose to follow the clniu to the graro, while the white tnre w.al echoed agdi o the horrid truup and ;cuie of th"e w sho hut under their Ftopl ed fro' the .ite of the I ctlco anud y to the ,low p so t u: in auin i'ant hI ot geed Wlhen' we wt:h:cd the gran he tok rup t.eition orp~T ite to mto1.l, and 1 had i)nlsrto ochrce. in opilte li the ample clak he were, that he e.-eeied a cl e nt t hsit i a h ri gh ot hLan . h`t'In all wair et, on by ot n:e the othirs d'larted It thie iItr.nger and myself sores left -a..ng dwto :n r.qt~nrc ,tOlO 1i the cain. lie yatn?i sl Il rot:ntd and sl hoctlr byn soide, Lut I rcnmaifna motioulOts and ri lt, he at last ardessled n. I wish,'hesaid 'to accompany rn, to v, ur honu:" have you your carriag.n ' I rtllicd tl::t it was w:riting for mte at the hl otl. .and we nmove away together in that directlen. JItw:s dusk whUn we reached the carriage atol ct in . . .t my house door t wouhl have to him eegone ht God's name, but that a i:c,: s fear ot him prevented me. Coldl ti t ilh, ilam to enter, and we pascId togetore iito the house. In the libry, at his trtiuet, I cxamined his arm and did what was tre.e.arv to it. When I had finished this task I "asked him as politiey as I could whether he had any further huuintss with me. to which he replied that he would iak this single favour of me, that innamnurh as he was leaving the country that night, it would be a kindlnsa to him were I to take charge of a certain parcel, which perhaps I had sesn he arri.ed, until his return. I replied that I ehould have no objection; and, saving he had loft it in the hall, he went out. W'hile he was gone I turmti with my back to the room, and stirred up the fire. hhe noise I madeindoing this preeneted mry hmring his footateps an ho nemrn.L I was tooping over thei fe i ith my bhack to him, when Iheard his voice behind me say. ' Here it is; it is a gauntlet, for which I shalt come to you again.' Thismentionof a gauntlet brought some unformed recollection mto my mind as I turned round to take it. When t faced him I saw a sight to freeze the blood ! The man was holling out towards me the parr ? he had ariried at the grave-side, but \--with his broken arm ! I put out my hand in dumb horror to take it I felt a sudden tmnnmon weight tlit my one hand could not seuport, and the bundle fell upon the floor be tween us with acrah. Ighanced downat it for a bhae moment, looked nl t and found myself alone! I stagered round, caught sight of my fonturoc livid in the mirror over the fire, and know no more till hours later my sorvant found me stretched at full length upon the hmrthrug, slowly recoen from a deep trance. Before doing anything else, I rent everyone away, and evoasnel the bandle that still lay upon the flioor of my room. Itproved to contain. a he ud acid, an iron gauntlet, but one of suchenonrmous proportions that it was imposable to onceiru a human hand gigantie enough to wenr it. I remember that then- was an unu.,al cuploard In the wall behind the head of my own bel upstairs, where it might lie for err in ;.rf?lt nafoty. I a:,cendtd to my bed. room. pallhl oat tho haol, lncked the grist g?unntlet into the cupboardl, aol put the key on to my hunch. Time went on, am: seonous po-?l :,ray, till what I hvre recordit was fading framl ay memory., when on the nameo dy of the ,nr. seven tears later, after a terrible lay ? work at the lstblide, of cuterin. I rtcohel my hous ofltr mi-luigoht, slanmt and weary. I gave theo oa?hman iatructions for the morning, and thai, na h:a drovo away. turned to op:n the doaor. Ulpm tho stis,. the light over the door falling sitini his roshV features, stood a tan whoa I in-.tntly ecogniedl. I satoo wh.re I was in silence. 'I have come,' he sild quietly., for that sauntlet;' and I said nothin,, hut na-med the dicer atnl led him, as I had done on die .-oe last ,ay of the f -ar., saenn yers before, into my library. there stoat the lmp as btofero it ha1 storal., the cock 1ointtl to the, very h-our and minute at awhichi it hsldtin.dl before, and the interral of timoie seenrtclto have vanished at a stroke. ' To-night.' thought I ns I rug the boll loud and lor. ' to-night I will not be alone.' ' i will fe-tch it.' I sid to the strangr, and goin out, locke? the study door behind me, and wait-d in the hall for my servant. In u few momenta he came hurrying up. ' Now,' said I, ' stay you at this door and see that the man I have locked in there does not come out' I mounted to my bedroom and pulled out the bed from the wall, exnpoeing the door of the cupboard. I took the candle and put it on the Last where it would throw its light into the place when ope*ned, undlockal th, door. ntd looked in. It was ahs,lutely empty! With a crr I l,,1. downstairs, anoo hardly 'knowing what I oid,t, callel on my servant as he vluhred his life not to let the man e?oarj, turnel the key, and hurst into the library. There was no one there I Shutters ba?red-aoor locked-- lame quietlyburning--the room--emprl 'You look ill. sir,' said my serant. Ay, I answered. 'I am.' " Il~thi house neat cay never to return. But one iwiridy night, not long ego. driving past it, there, on the doorstop under the flickering li;ght, I sow the sta-nger wraeltnt in his cloaku '3h, ah .' o hid I to myset!, Lasghing, ' thev will want ano,ther tenant there son.' As we seed on diwn the street I lifted the flap hehindao in the backo of the carriage to take another took at the tigooe under tht lamp. and noy, flat ogainst thel glac, cdwse against my own, tlut terrihlo iaci white and fixed '" 