THE PUNISHMENT OF CRIMINALS. -*. I -TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. SIR-From a recent debate in the Upper House it would appear that Sir William Manning expressed great abhorrence at the notion that revenge was the underlying motive which prompts the State in punish- ing criminals, but Mr. Buchanan had the high authority of Adam Smith for making the assertion. In his Theory of Moral Sentiments," under the division " of the sense of merit and demerit, of the objects of reward and punishment," that celebrated writer, in dealing with the case of one who receives fatal injury from another, makes the following remarks: "The injury which he has suffered demands a principal part of our attention. We feel that resentment which we imagine he ought to feel, and which he would feel if in his cold and lifeless body there remained any conscious cess of what passes upon earth. His blood, we think, calls aloud for vengeance. The very ashes of the dead seems to be disturbed at the thought that his injuries are to pass unavenged. The horrors which are supposed to haunt the bed of the murderer, the ghosts which superstition imagines rise from their graves to demand vengeance upon those who brought them to an untimely end, all take their origin from this natural sympathy with the imaginary resentment of the Blain. And with regard, at least, to this most dreadful of all crimes nature, antecedent to all reflections upon the utility of punishment, has in this manner stamped upon the human heart in the strongest and most indelible characters an immediate and instinctive approba- tion of the sacred and necessary law of retaliation." I am, Aro., Vii KA A. Some years ago a commission was sent out.to.India to inquire into the history and treatment adopted for leprosy. A series of questions had been framed bearing upon the whole question, which were carefully answered by all the medical officers of the three presidencies and it was anticipated that, based upon ' this information, a valuable report would have been compiled, together with a code of rules, for its medical and hygienic treatment. Like many other reports, it has no doubt been carefully pigeon-holed. In the meantime no attempt is made to check the spread of the disease ; the leper is allowed, and prefers to be, where men most do congre- gate-a pernicious liberty which was carefully avoided by our ancestors. It would appear that the Government of India are opposed to segregation, not through any doubt, that this necessary and wholesome measure would fail to stamp out the disease, but from the belief that it would be repugnant to the public opinion of the day. If public opinion in Bombay is guaged by the Government of India it will find that the resolute application of the principle of segregation would be unanimously supported. As the spread of this disease seems likely to offer the European equally with the native, it is to be hoped the Home Government will issue such orders to the Indian Government, so that the public at large may be protected from con- tagion. 