OUR PARIS LETTER. From Our Correspondent. PARIS, 2nd Novehbxr. Good news for the boys, and that may obviate their striking — in tho collective sense. M. Groard is perhaps the first among the leading practical educationists in tho country. He has been pained at tho poor results attending such punishment inflicted on pupils as con finement, extra lessons, and similar brakes on boyhood happiness. He has tried a system of check - conduot books, between the lyceum and paronts and guardians. In this tell talo book tho pupil's marks are recorded, followed by the opinion of the rector. "When tho record is bad, the parents are invited themselves to inllict the punishment. Tho latter generally takes tho form of the suppression of some expected pleasure. If a day scholar, say, no visit to a theatre, a oirous or a Barnum show V reduction or complete stoppage of tips; prohibition to attend a juvenile soirie, ko. The new depar ture has given satisfaction, and in this age of coercion tho results all round have boon salu tary. Tho death bed of the Exhibition is being surrounded with all tho solemnities extendod to a great departure. As in the case of beggars, when they dio, no comets are seen, so with tho extinction of exhibitions. Indeed, to oonfeas the truth, the heavens do not blaze . muoh on tho death of princes ; 1789 has reaoted on even astronomy. Ono cannot help feeling sorry that the groat democratic inter national has to bow to fate. It is not the first thing of beauty that has oeased to be a joy for ever. It has dono its work ; like genius, out off in its prime,/' it will remain the longer green in tho soul. But it was bo gay, so pleasant; the thousands of Eiffel Tower up-turned faces from nil parts of the world looked so delighted ; seemed to oxpress no cares beyond the day. No sound of politicians ham mering one another was hoard ; tho din of European armamonts was drowned by the falling variegated gems of the lumin ous fountains; even people with their names on bills must really have forgotten that such paper would over arrive at maturity. The summer, too, was so exceptionally lovely ; no- whero were you forced to study or to learn. Knowledge flowod into the mind unconsciously ; new ideas and notions wafted themselves to root. You were only oxpected to cat, drink and be merry. The visitor retired with the conviction that after all life was worth living for. Proof : Thoro hove boen 50 por cent, loss suicides during tho summer season just expired than vital statistics havo ovor before recorded. Judge still of tho struggle for life — not Daudet's, but humanity's — the pawn offices never wore so bosioged with pledges as now. When the sheds, tho cabius, the Kraals and other heterogeneous annexes shall havo been cleared away by the Fifth Monarchy mon, who have received orders to commence on tho morning of tho 7th tho work of demolition, noarly all that is truly artistic aud really UBeful of the Exhibition buildings per sc will romain, as permanent as tho Eiffel Tower and the fairy fountains. Galleries will be utilised, the grounds re- laid out, fresh attractions importod, and a diamond edition of the 1889 Kermosso will be ready for opening on Mayday noxt. But tho cosmopolitan multitudes wilt bo gone; tho furore to come aud see will havo Bpent its force. The Eiffel Tower Company expect to havo the concession to exploit the Champ de Mars as a garden .park, a cougerio of museums, and a concentration of attractive fetes. Tho company that has just paid off its shares at par, after ono season's receipts, may well bo entrusted with "striking ilo " again. The prize losers have not taken their fato philosophically. . They have held an indignation meeting, calling all tho gods, great and small, to witness how tho jurors were incapable, intriguers and next to arrant knaves. And only think, if these same jurors had but awarded any. of tho discontented a prize they would bo hailed as Daniels come to judgment. Like Lusurquos in . tho Courier of Lyons, the indignationiBts denounced the judgos to pos terity. Having been assured it would bo peril ous to print tho allegations without sound proof, tho protests were oonfined to the sound and fury standard. It !b exasperating to think that while soma exhibitors were undergoing heartache at not being recompensed — though many were called and many chosen — three exhi-. bitors were made .Knights of the Legion of Honor who had - been for years in the enjoyment of that same honor. It is as bad as decoratingan individual who has been incinerated for six months— as has occurred. If somo solid representative of the political world does not . come forward with a tangible, practical and common senso programme to catch a majority in the new Chamber in time the present Parliament is doomed to becomo as use less and as unpopular as its prodccesBor. The \- House outlook is anything but inviting. There are soundings to horso to attack adversaries, but tho summonses to concontrato for national, patriotio and unselfish duty are few. Two nouralgio questions are down for immediate treatment — a new loan — to square accumulated budgetary deficiencies and other financial Kiok- ihaws, and next tho Banquo's ghost — Tonquin. Liko Frankenstein, that "tako" cannot bo suppressed. To make matters worse, not a franc, in the shapo of a grant, will be voted to mako Tonquin blossom like the rose. And then, dark, mysterious and signfioaut rumors arrive from Tunisia, that that ancient granary of tho ancient world is far from yielding shent. per shent. on tho investment. As' to foreign affairs, Europe is now so pletho rically armed that a war to easo the congestion is all that is to be expected. Russia has over- dono her kindnesB by flooding tho metropolis with Grand Dukes. People commence to ask, do they do duty like an army on the stago ? The French are slowly but surely commencing to porceivc that there is no balm in Gilead 'for them in Holy Russia. It has been discovered that there is ono spot in Europe undefended — the Principality of Monaco. To whom docs it belong ; to Franco or to Italy? The fact is certain, its neutrality is not guaranteed by any power, and sinco Mar shal de Moltko said that tho Rock could, in certain eventualities, have a strategetical value, Monaco, if it desiros to maintain its indepen dence, like San Marino or Andorra, must pre pare its dcfcuces. The European army list attri butes to the principality : 1 general, commanding in chief ; I licutonant, 2 sorgcants, 1 drummer, 1 corporal and 13 rank and flic. That is tho army on its poacc footing ; it could be doubled in the event of mobilisation. And so long as the gold and tho rakes rattle on tho gaming tables Monaco will be able to support her war budget. Tho Prince of Monaco has just been married to tho Duchess de Richelieu, a widow. The civil ceremony took placo in tho mayoralty of the eighth arrondissemcnt. The mayor in porson applied tho code, and that done, bestowed on the pair his secular bencdiotion. This comprised thanking the prince for selecting France wherein to bo wedded, and congratulating him on tho creditable appcaranco Monaco mado at tho Exhibition. This, flummery bospattered, ho reminded the brido of her " elevation" to tho rank of princess, and hoped her hand would be open as day to melting charity. The mayor ignores that in France tho daughter of a ducheBS is by courtesy a prinocss ; so mamma comes down a step in the aristocratic ladder by marrying the sovereign of the gambling tables. S o Mahomet is not to be staged. M. doBernior, tho only man in this year of graco, perhaps, who believes in tragedy, worked up tho Prophet for tho footlights. The Turkish ambassador protested at Moslem faith being so exploited, add hinted the dangers Franco incurred in Algerria, by provoking tho Infidels, perhaps setting the Ottoman world in a blaze. M. do Bernier has neither said yes nor no, but improves the occasion, by posiughis candidaturo for tho vacant immorlalUd at tho Acadomy causod by the death of Einil Augier. Mahomet will not now be brought out at the Comedie Franfaiso, nor at auy other State subsidisedhouso. Thou Franco paysl00,000 f. a year to support tho Mahometan Churoh in Algeria. So mattersare ohanged sinco the timo Voltaire represented his tragedy of Mahomet,. and played tho rattling joko on the French Ca tholics, who hissed it off tho stago, by getting tho Fopo to accept tho dedication, which his Holiness did, and with plcasuro into tho barg ain. Gregory XVI is accused of reading Faul dcKock's novels cn cachetic. Many peoplo express surpriso at Dr. Ricord only bequeathing 10,000 f. to tho poor of Paris, a city where he must havo harvested millions during his 70 years' practice. He left 10,000 f._ each to two schools of medicine, to found " Ricord " biennial prizes, with the accumulated interest. Endow a college or a cat, says Pope ; build a house, plant a treo or , recommends Sterne, if you desiro to be remembered till the crack o' doom. Tho fact about Ricord is this ; he gambled all the fees ho earned, and he was really only allowed a certain sum by his cre ditors for pocket money. They impounded his earnings, and paid all his domestic expenses. Although Ricord moved in the highest society, and was everywhere wolcomed for his wit, gravely delivored and often yaxUoise, yet ho always confessed ho novor was happior nor enjoyed bettor health than when as practitioner commencing life he was glad to mount to a man sard, to proscribe for a patient, pocketing his 3f. feo with gratitudo, and thon off to expend it at a modest restaurant in a meal for himself and his brothor. Alphonso Daudot still persists in believing ho is a dramatist. Somehow Daudet has been going erratically sinco ho published his dirty book, Sappho — when the world was so full of olean subjects to handle. He has just brought out a drama, whoso success consists in tho platitudo title, the Lutte pour la Vic. The " Struggle for Lifo " is as old as Adam, or may even bo traced to Dr. Croll's ago of tho world, 60,000,000 of years. Tho drama was a failure, thouhg Daudet must hove expended beads of perspira tion as long as falling hair to organiso the puffs preliminary. Tho most serious matter about the piece is that the plot has boen taken, body and bones, from M. Camilla Lo Senno's Train Rapidc, published in 1883. This 13 shabby, tho - more so, as Daudet makes maters worso . by uglily wriggling out of tho charge of piracy. Ho ought to imi tate Sardou, who does not hositato to ap propriate or to absorb plot, brains and phrases, 'whenever Jt suits him, alleging that ho has tho and that those from whom he has prigged wero only priggers themselves from predecessors. Author live on authors ; thi3 explains the con fraternity of letters. - The Chcmin de fcr de I'Est has tho unen viable notoriety -of having its waggons being con stantly robbod. A new thief detector is being at present experimented. Tho . waggon doors are connected, by means of a tolcgraphic wire, with a Mandarin gong close to the guard's scat. Tho moment a door of a waggon opens tho gong strikes up a ding-dong that would frighten away Dick Turpin himself. The last aot of tho late Chamber was a pater nal one. It oonsistod in liberating tho father of seven legitimate or legitimatised living chil dren from paying all State taxes, ovon wore his position so poor that no tax collector over dark-' oned his door. An agitation is now springing up that, in tho case of parents who have eight and moro doxies, that the State shall bear tho expenses of rearing the budding patriots. This is only tho doctrine of J. J. Rousseau,, who advocated that the Stato ought to erect baby houses throughout tho land, whoro all children should be reared in common, and at tho expense of the taxpayers. Ho himsolf acted on his philosophy, as he quartered his progeny on tho parish. This Btep apparently left his "wife" without anything to do, as she ran away with the ostler, and the philosophor, to terminate his I grief, blow out his brains. Monarohs do not fight duels, for kings can do no wrong. Howevor, M. Debidour relatos that at the 1814 Congress of Vienna, tho Czar Alexander I. was so wrath against De Metter- niah that bo would not speak to him, and had decided to call him out, till the news of Napo leon's escape from Elba called out all tho assembled diplomatists. A wrinkle for vine growers. M. A Rommar announces that common, tasteless wines can be given the bouquet or flavor of the choicest brands if fermented with tho forment peculiar to these brands. Pasteur has demonstrated that boor, when fermented with the ferment of wine, smells winy. Beef cut with a hammy knifo acquires tbe flavor of ham. No difficulty now in laying down a cellar of Lafitto, Margeaux, tic., with petit bleu for the raw material. Onco at Berlin, I caught a restaurateur manufacturing a brand to ordor ; ho put a label, with the name, of a notable brand on a bottle of ordinary wine, and hey, presto, tho transformation without any ferment save some unscriptural language shot at him. M. Lan grand was tho working man's candi date for one of tho divisions of St. Quontin, at the late general elections, He was beaten as be said by n "bloated capitalist." Langrand has just, in the presonco of 2000 electors who voted for him, after drinking a bottlo of wine, ontorod a cage of six lions, with the professional tamer, and hod ' a short tete-A-tlte with the wild beasts. He came out unhurt, and has defied his successful rival to imitato him. It is not a bad way to quash an election, or to create a vacancy for a seat in Parliament. This is tho season for rhoumatism. Throw flannels and send frictions to tho dogs. " Theouly ouro," says tho Austrian, Dr. Tore, "is what I practise." He employs busy bees to sting tho part affectod. The venom will inoculate the blood liko vaccine, and will remain efficacious during seven months ; tho first sting enables subsequent ones to bo received with impunity. During saven years the doctor has thus operatod on 173 patients, who received a total of 39,000 stings. Gentle render, if a martyr to the ailment, improvo tho shining hour ; and in thoso times of agricultural depression it is consoling to know that there is money to bo made in bee farming, whoro pecuniarily tho sting is " swoeter than honey or tho honeycomb." 