Ittoveltet. fie Secret Chamtoer; OB, THE GIPSY'S VENGEANCE. —~ ??? ' hi OHAPTEE XVIII. TH35 DEATH OF SIB HUGH. By Eliza A. Dupuy, ? duthsi of " Ths Outlaw's Bridt," " Th? IVhilt Ttrror" &*(., &V;, ; To aooount for what now ooourred, we emit return to the trooper who had been left on guard below. Jones wa* a person of inquisitive mind, and it ooourred to him that while hie comrade kept watch over the movements of the family above itaiis, he would make a foray through lie older portion of the building. ' The key still remained in the door j' rtloh gave into the corridor, and he flnversed its length and entered the (iipol. His quiok eye soon caught eight ?tithe lifted flag atone, and, while ex mining it, the open panel also attraoted Ma attention. He exolaimed : " By Jove 1 the seeret'e out 1 That ensp was hid in the. garret, and he's lomowhore about here, that's certain. 'Hie way's been opened for him to get pat, and maybe I can trap him before he fet'eaway. , He rushed back to the inhabited [ortion of the house, oalled to hie com rade, and, in a few words, informed him of the diecovery ho bad made, at the same taie telling him to remain in front of Hμ. ftlethurn's room, and, In five minutes, to enter it, while he made hia TO to the opposite eide, for he was cer tain that a communication existed be tireen the ohapel and that suite of ipartmonts. ?? Jonos ran back, swiftly mounted the '.vm'i. . m ?\ e& in the direotion in iioh he knew the rooms were situated, hosouud of voicee soon guided him, and tooraihod through thu wardrobe at the moment that the oriea from the next room "Mood him that a souffle was going on. J urned like "? lioness at V, while Sir Hugh fell back, dropping to pen from hie hand a> he gaepingly .: "Lost I loet I All is lost I" i?; nf. ,we j e £ he laat art 'oulate words he X 'i ortho ehook had enft PPed rtln/rt 00 ? , and the hard aad ?? ful M. hL ? ?T et WM wrenohed from waieh m moment of eupreme lone!i strode to the door, unlocked and ?Z . ? pen, . Vernor w *? struggling sou D i y r th h . ie aBsailant ' whohad Mrf R Urn "; ithout warning, while Jp looked on without even uttering o Jtonn W '? Om ? r graB P ed the hen( fe f>t BR^Sr Bucurely bound and Vim! 10 loCked that d 0 0? ? " Mked ?3Ejffi? Whathavelou rtJSriSft fai ?ted. Now we've ?? ttSl y l look a , ftM theold?entle at'bh.^' ladi6B ; ? aint wttth?? 70 l' thoU8h y? u did tr 7 *? 1 ifa riiSh c oh * p am ?ngst ye." e?te "7 ed b ? Bthe1 ' end the youifg ?,T' v .P rl Bht, with hfi hando still SRRL 01 * ?jw the little table. flsMf 9 the deed had both <"?- ftl"?ii*Jt ahook h a" Proved fatal to flwfcto J " Mol,ulI y "moved him from W? AM fo??M . G ? *? yoar own room > ?ofv,; n ? rth i 1!eI 8 htifl too painful for ??£^.M? d y yeaM, X iU altend &S;^ tbo done here." ?; b? rti w ?- nld not oonsent to leave 'mkbnAK lme tll e two eoldiere had KtoSJ?"! a, ? d incompliance with PSean,. J f re 'Methurn, they lifted &?? ?nd M? m! , a , nd B trolKntened the &Ln; d Mre, Methurn closed the I mutZl ? re " cd down the e y elide ove * S>Sd#^ yos i rom whioh ?W expres- SauT: nea, vernor called out, impa- B~faZ?? yOU aU doin g la theM ? ffl" Kin if' ?? mc onfc! * wUh to? P oak ? tprivlle?eat ' eas6 g t lel went to "to, palo end trom 82wTor? r ~ po rs r VernoT, tli!a ia' a I§S ?? w 2ffl^ moo,,?ete . [ Vernor covered hie faco with hie handa, and she could soo that ho tremblod in every fibre of his frame. Presently he looked up and hoarsely eaid : " Then it's all up with mc. A prisoner to those who know no mercy, and ray fathor gone, there is no one to stand be tweeji mc and destruction. I have ruined you too, Ethel; the remnant of property loft to you will barely purchase your own safety." " Don't talk of that now, Vornor," she gently replied ; " I will stand by you to the lost, and if tho sacrifice of all I claim can save you, Vernor, 1 will olieerfully make it." Mrs. Mothurn oame in silently weeping. She placed her hand ou Vernor'e head and reverently aaid: " Tho Lord has dealt with his creature. Sir Hugh has escaped the evils wo must rouso our courage to face." "Oh, Aunt Agnes, if he oould only have lived a few weeks longer, he might havo been able to avert utter ruin from us all; but now, everything is lost. Make up your minds to go with mo to prison, for Kirko will come back and take us all away with him." ? " If it must be so, I can go. I will write to Gerald of the strait we aro and he and Mr. Clyde may be able to help us." " If jmlice reigned in tho land, perhapa they might; but I have no hopo from that. Resign youreolf to the woret, for Kirko arrests us, and Joffroys will ait in judg ment upon us." _ Mrs. Methurn shuddered. The reputa tion of Jeffreys was well known to her, and the thought of oven appearing bofore him filled her with horror. The troopers here joined them, and, rough as fihey were, they refrained from saying anything to the unhappy young man to embitter his captivity. Even they had some respoot for the lifeless form of him who was so lately the stay and protec tion of thoee before them. vernor haughtily regarded them, as he said : "I may at least be permitted to go in and look upon my dbad father for the latt time. Free my feet that I may walk." '. " If you'll promise not to make a dash, young man, an' try to got off, I'll do you that service," said Jones, as he severed the cord that bound his feet. Vernor said nothing in reply, but stood an instant tmlanoing in his mind bis ohanoes of esoape. While Ethel talked with him alone, oho had lightly loosened the handkerchief with whioh hie arms were bound, for the ten son appeared painful, and a few cautious movements had oonvinced Vernor that he could release them without much effort. He said: '' Now I am ready. One of you oan keep guard at the door while the othor goes with mo in the dressing-room. I shall not be long." The troopers Sxohanged glances, and Simpson took i station close beside the door. Vonior walked forward, followed by Jones, and his rapid glance took in the condition ot the room. He asked: 14 Who guided you to yonder open ing?" " My own wit and the carelessness of those that oame before mc. Tho woman that was in here got away while I was seourin* you." "What woman?" said Vernor, be wildered. " How should I know ? One of the servants, mayhap, who knew the way up." But the prisoner know better, and like a flash the remembrance of the strange gipsy woman came to him. That she had some mysterious connection with his father, that she knew all the seorot places in the house, he was aware, and his heart grew faint within him as he remembered how she had kept upon his track for years pnst. Oould she have followed him to England to make his destruction suret Why she wished evil to him he did not know, but that she waa hia deadly and unoompromising enemy he folt assured. He approached the oouoh and looked down on the inanimate form that lay upon it, thinking lees of his bereavement than of the means of escaping from tho toils that were oloaing arouna him. Jones peered through the opening In the wardrobe, and muttered oomments on its ingenuity. Hβ found tho saw, and eaid, aloud: " The gal got this, but how she brought it up I don't snow. She'e a sharp un, an' needs looking after a bit." Vernor glanaed furtively at him. The door communicating with the outer door had swung partly to. J ones was on hie knees groping in the wardrobe, and seizing tho opportunity, he slippod tho handker chief from his arms, and at a bound, dosed the door, turned the key, and then sprang upon the trooper. Aβ Jonos arose he struck him a' heavy blow upon tho head, daahed through the opening, and was half way aoroes the garret before the man regained his stunned senses suffi ciently to pursue him. But Kirke'a lambs were too hard-headed to be long bewildered oven by such a blow as the one just dealt on tho trooper's head, and as Vernor approached the stair way he heard his adversary in hot pur suit. Dashing wildly forward, he oleared the steps at a bound, landed on the ohapol floor, and olosed the panel. Aβ he paused to take breath a figure emerged from behind a pillar, whioh ho instantly recognised as that of the Gipsy Queen. "What has brought you here?" he fleroely asked. " What were you doing in my father's room to-day J You have dogged ray steps for yeara, and now yov have come to deliver mc over to des truction." "You speak the truth," ehe reoklesaly replied. " The rope is mado that will soon hang you, and I have done my best to put it around your neck, though you have bravely helped mo yourself. The sleuth-hound is on your track, and you need not hope to escape him. You are ru?bing now upon your fate." " Who aro you, and why have you pur sued mo thue for ovil ?" "The dead man that lice above can no longer stand between us, and sinoo your race is almost run, I will tell you what you wish to know. I am she who should have been Lady Methurn; to whom evory sacred pledge was given, and ruth leealy broken. My son is the son of your father, and your own elder brother; yet you havo dared to etriko him. Go on, VornoF Methurn, and moot tho retribution due to that cowardly blow. I do not attempt to stop you. Haeton before the trooper broaks through the wall, for heie Striking at it at a foarful rate." JoBCi, te krtsthi w?s hanimorlng fegeinefc the panel with all his force, and as a pound was heard, na if it was spliutoring bonoa'h his blows, Vornor again bounded forward, and disappeared through tho oponing in tho floor, lie had no thought at that moment for tho reve lation that had just been mado to him;'' 1 hie only care was for his own anfoty. Tho gipsy again stopped behind tho sheltering pillar, leaving Jones to force J hia way into the chapel. She know that tho fugitive was in her powor, for by this timo her son must be at his station with tho party of which he had gone in quest, and since nothing else wauld be gained by tho day's work, Melchoir might at least gain the reward offered for his brother's apprehension. Tho trooper at length smashed* the panel, and with the the last blow, rolled out upop the floor. Aβ he regained his feet, t> confused sound of voices and crioe came up from the vaults, and before he couid gain the stairs leading into them, a party of four men, lead by Melchoir, came up, bringing the fugitive with them as a prisoner. Vernor had gone but a few yards below, when they closed around him, and pinioned him in such a manner as to render resistance in effectual. CHAPTER XIX. TEE BROTHERS FACE TO FADE. A messenger was sent toKirko, inform ing him of the state of affairs, and at tho moment Vernor was brought in tho ohapel he dashed up to the door, followed by the remainder of the troop. Their loud and disorderly entrance filled the whole building with olamor, and their commander, with angry and inflamed vieage, stalked through the room of Sir Hugh and traversed the corridor with furious haste. He gained tho chapel, and a gleam of ferooious joy lighted up hie features as he saw the prisoner standing bofore him bound and help less. " Well, young cook o' the walk, your wings are clipped at last," he said, with a hoarso laugh. " You've led mc a pretty dance, you and that deceiving old father of yours. Where ia he ? I'll make him feel that it is not safe to trifle with one of his majesty's offioora as he has done with mc to-day." Vernor disdainfully regarded him. " My father, thank Heaven 1 is beyond the reaoh of your malioo. You nor anyone else will annoyjiim more." " Why, what does tho galliard mean? Where is Sir Hugh, I say ? Bring him before mc, that I may signify my pleasure to him in this conjuncture of affairs ? I'll take the old sinner where he'll find cause to repent of his evil deeds." " You're spared that trouble, sir," said Jones. "The old gentleman'o gone a longer journey than you can take him. When I jumped in on the hidin' place o' the young 'un, he jest fell baok and gave up tho ghost." " Dead!" eaid Kirke. "Do you mean that hia tough old heart aotually broke when he learned that hie young scape grace was in the toils? Bless'my soul I I had no Idea he had co muoh sensibility." '" He's dead, sure, Bit. Mebbe you'll oome up and see where the youngster was stowed away, an' you boo for yourself that Sir Hugh '11 never breathe again in thia world. ,v Giving orders for the prisoner to be re? moved to the hall aod securely guarded, Kirke strode after his satellite and mounted to the garret. He carefully sur veyed his route, and said : "Cleverly contrived, faith; and the panel is so well concealed behind the pillar that no one would have suspected its ex istence. I wbb certain that the young man had taken refuge hero, and I intended to stay in the neighborhood until he was nabbed." When they gained the opening into the dressing-room, he forced hie burly form through it, and stepping out, stood before the two affrighted ladies, who were kneel ing beforo tho oouoh on whioh the body of Sir Hugh lay. Mra. Methum extri cated herself from Ethel's dinging arms, and arose with dignity, while the poor girl turned her pallid faoe to ward him and pointod appealingly .to the lifolo?? form of the baronet, Mrs. Methum said: "I trust that Colonel Kirko will treat these remains with the respect that is duo to them." Tho rude soldier lifted his hat in the presence of death, and replied : " He's done his last wrong ma'am, and gone where Jeffreys can't reach him, whioh I cunt say I'm sorry for. Sir Hugh was a liberal man, and I'll see him put deceutly in tho family vault before we go. But I am sorry to say that you and this young lady must go with mc to Taun ton as soon as the job 8 completed." " Can we not be permitted to re main here till our presence ia necessary there ?" " I had agreed to Hiat, but now it is impossible. You have helped to conceal that young fellow, thue making matters worse for yourselves than they would have been. Luokily, we caught him, end now he's safe with my lambs." "How long may we remain beneath this roof, eir?" " Till my men have had a good dinner provided for them, ma'am, and we have had time to knock up a box to put the old gentleman in. Hβ was fond of his gla??, and I hope there will be good wine to bo drunk at his funeral banquet. I rely on your respect for the deceased to order a repast suited to his quality, for my lambs are ueod to tho beet the country affords." " They shall have the best we have," roplied the lady, " but you must be aware of the difficulty of obtaining suffioient food for a whole troop of horeomon at co short a notice. Our family is not large, and it will tako timo to send to the vil lage." " Zounds 1 madam kill tho fatted calf ; kill his mother, if ueoeseary; for I ehall not budge from the Priory till I have partaken of its hospitality. The Methurns were not wont to bo niggards ;' and if their fortunes have fallen, there is still enough left to feed hia majesty's soldiors." Mrs. Methurn did not reply to this rude speech ; she merely bont her head and left tho room. Messengers were dispatched to the vil lage, and to farmer Oonway'e to request that provisions might be sent up to the Priory; but tho day was rapidly waning away before tho bawjuet was ready for' the impatient and often clamorous eoltliers; for Kirko allowed hie men the wildest liberty whon not engaged in actual eoivioei .-.. . . ? .' ' ? A rough coffin was procured for Sir Tlugh, and with littlo cromony hn was placod in it and convoyed to the family vault, which waa situated in the rear of the chapel. Vernor and the two lndina wore permitted to be present, and, with fear and trembling, the curate of the parish came to read tho burial services over the body. When he asked leave to do bo, Kirko replied: - "It ian't much good they'll do such nn oldroprobatenow, Mr. Parson ; but us it is customary, I won't refuse. I'm called a brute, and (sometimes 1 net like ono, but tho devil, you know, isn't so black as he'e painted, ? The women would feel horrified if the old follow was put away like a dog, and somehow that littlo girl inteiesta mc. The pour thing has been made a victim by Sir Hugh and that ccamp of a son; they have ruined her, I. know, and this affair will swallow up the last fragment of her fortune. Somehow I pity her, though I don't often care for those the fortune of war throws in my hands." "Miss Ethel in a sweet yonng lady, ,, replied the ourate. " I taught her Latin and the mysteries of calculation, and she was always a docile pupil. I do hope you will try and befriend her in the evil straits intowhich tho has fallen." "Aβ to that, my power over her fato cease* when I deliver her over to the authorities at Taunton. Jeffreys will then be the arbiter of her destiny." The dominio shuddered. ?' Oh, air, he is a meroiless man, and this ia such a young gitl I told, sir, that those he cannot hang ho will condemn to be sold as slaves in the West Indies. Think of it, sir 1 such a delicate young lady as this to be eerit away as a slave to that wild and unhealthy country." Kirke laughed bitterly and said : " It's good enough for the most of those who will be aent there." The poor dominie regarded him with silent horror. The family at the Priory had boon his patrons, and from him the young people had received the greater portion of their education. For Vernor he had less affection than Gerald, but he oould not tbink ot the fate that threatened him without the bitterest re gret. While performing the hut services for the deceased baronet, hie voioe faltered and his eyes filled with tears many times; and in a parting interview with Mrs. Methurn he promised to look in fre quently at the Priory, and see how things went on during her onforoed absence. She made an effort to look hopeful, as sho said : " I trust that we shall bo permitted to return before long. If we do nofc.l hope, Mr. Panton, that yon win remember the poor people I have been in the habit of looking after." He promised to do bo, and asked : " Will not Mr. Gerald come to your as sistance, ma'am ? He's a lawyer, and he will know the rights of the case. It Beams hard that you and Mies Ethe] should be taken away from your home for ouoh a trifle." " I have written to Gerald, and I shall send my lettor from Taunton." " Will they- really put you In prison, ma'am ? It a a dreadful plfice, for I've been there to visit a friend. That was several years ago; buttho place is no better now—nay, it is worse, for a malignant fever is raging among the people confined there." Mrs. Methurn shivered as she ex olaimed '? " My poor Ethel! It will be terrible to take her into the midst of infeotion. I must make every effort to escape that danger. EJrke ia rough and brutal, but he has the reputation of being also very venal. I have a hundred pounds by mo, whioh I have eared ainoe Gerald went into Mr. Clyde's offioo. Perhaps that will purohase permission for us to remain under Mr. Digby's roof. It would bo too cruel to throw us in the midst of infeo tion." " Kirke seems to feel for Miss Ethel, ma'am, and I think the half of the money will bribe him to let you both remain with your frionde. But no sum will keep Mr, Vernor out of prison. They are too much afraid that he will escape. He has shown suoh spirit and determination that they will not consent to lose sight of him for an hour." Mrs. Methurn sighed heavily. " I am aware of that, and I have no hope of keeping him with us. To save Ethel from oontaot with such misery and degradation, io tho utmost I expeot to ac complish. You advise mo then to make the trial with Zirke ?" " I think you may venture to do so, ma'am. He can only refuse, and you will be no worae off than you are now." Thus counselled, Mrs. Methurn sought an opportunity of speaking with Kirke, who at first utterly refused to listen to Buch a proposal. He deolared that the two ladies must go to prison, as many others of as high station had done before; that he had no power to change their des tination, but when he found that the widow had money of her own with whioh to purohaeo indemnity, he softened his tone, and after many manoeuvres to find out how much she was able to give, he finally consented to accept sixty pounds, and allow Ethel and her protectress to take refuge in the house of Mr. Digby till the_day of their trial arrived. When Mrs. Methurn ventured to men tion Vernor, hia face darkened, and he abruptly said: "You can do nothing for the young man, madam. My advice to you ia, to let him bear the burden of the calamity he hat brought upon you all." Mrs. Methurn turned away with a sad heart; she would have gladly averted from Vernor the penalty of hie late acts, had she possessed the power to do so ; but she wee helpless to aid him in any way. Vernor was strictly guarded in one of tho lower rooms, and no opportunity of speaking with him had been allowed the two ladies, oave when they stood be side the bier when the funoral services were being performed. He had then briefly said: " Take caro of yoursolf and Ethel, Aunt Agnes. It'a all up with mc, and 1 must bear my fate like a man. I have brought evil enough upon you without hanging as a mill itono upon you now. Loavo mc to my own deserts." The house for many hours after was a scene of riot and confusion, from which Mrs. Mothurn was glad to take refuge in the occlusion of her awn apartmontH. The lato dinner was served, for Oonway sent up a waggon load of provisions, i and tho people of the village, anxious I to prove ?.htir rotffthy, furaUhed every* thing thoy thought tho troopers would need. ' Tho wino collar was searohed, and a sufficient store of both wino and ale wore found to intoxicate the wholo party. Few would have believed that the shadow of death nsted upon thut house, whioh raniij with bacchanalian conga and roystor ing laughter. The fonst was turned into a wild revel, and it was late in the night before tho troopers staggered from tho table . . Under theie circumstances Kirko post poned their"departure till the following ruorning, fur among hie" troopa but ono sober man was to. bo found. This was Simpson, to whom the custody of Vornur was delegated, with (he assurance that if he permitted .him to eeoape hio own life should be the forfeit. ? Minohon and her son were still in tho house ; and Melchoir watched for an op portunity tooomo into tho presence of hie brother, that he might gratify his deep hatred by seeing him bound and helpless before him. ? The drunken trooper* had sunk down upon the floor in a heavy sleep, and the house was at last quiet, when the young gipsy.camo stealthily toward the door be side which Simpson held his watch. Ho offored the trooper a tankard of ale and a piece of money, and whispered: " Lot mc pass; lot mc ?co my foe in tho toils, and I will be your friend for life." . . ' " Gad 1 you're the fellow that act tho men on the right scont; you helped to nab him, and I don't suppose you'd care to holp him off." "I'd throttle him first," was the fierco response. "I wish to witness his humili ation—to gloat on hie Bufferings. He degraded mc onco by cowardly blowe, but now I think we are quite. Let mc pass, good fellow, and it ehall not bo tho w-orst for you. When I get my share of tho reward for taking him, I'll remember you." " This ale is good ; this money is genu ine, and I don't see any objection to grant in' what you ask. Go in and apeak your mind to the snllen youngstor, who wouldn't answer a civil remark I made to him a while ago." To be Continued. 