(CONTINUED FROM SATURDAY'S IKSU: ^ [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] TWICE TRIED. BY ANNIE S. SWAN, AUTHOII OF " ALDERSYDE" " OAMOWRIE, "ACROSS HER PATH," "SUNDERED HEARTS," ETC., ETC., CHAPTER V. (Continued). Joan had just returned from the Manse, and was in the kitchen setting on the kettle for a cup of cocoa with which she was accus tomed to refresh herself after her walk, when there came a loud andimpurativeknocktoher .door thinking it would be a messenger from some poor body who had been taken suddenly ill,she ran to answer the summons, forgetting in her haste that she carriedthelittle tin kettle in her hand. It was pitch dark outside, and, as there was no light in the lobby, she could only discern the dim outline of a iran stand ing on' the step. : " Well, what is it]" she asked kindly, and was iv little alarmed when the man, . -without speaking, stepped across the thres hold. 'Who is it?" she asked, more sharply.' "It's only me, Joan,'' said Robert Angus, in a stifled voice. "I can come in, I suj> pose?" Of course," she said, quickly; "step into . the sitting-room, please, and I'll he with you presently." . ? So saying, she sped back to the kitchen, set down the kettle with a little laugli at herself, then took off bonnet, cloak, and over-shoes, ,sud took down her dress, which she had carefully fastened about her to save it from the wind-for in these changed days Joan had to be very careful of her clothes, not knowing where the next suit was to come .from, but sure that it could not be procured until it had been hardly earned. AY hen she ?was quite ready she went back to the sitting rooni to find her visitor leaning back in the comfortable easy chair with his . eyes fixed moodily on the fire. JJe did not even look up at her entrance, and,divining at once that there was something wrong, she never spoke a word;but sat down in her own corner of the couch, and took up her knitting. She was one of those rare women who knowvhen and how to hold their tongues. "What are you making, Joan?" Robert Angus asked presently. "A wollen vest for that poor Willie Wil son. He has such a frightful cough; and he is thinly enough clad. There are frightful draughts in that station- house, and when no gu«s ouc co cojiecc tiie tickets the east winds get a beautiful clutch at him; so I thought this would be the very thimr for liim." . . "How on earth do you find ways and means to do so much for people, Joan? It is a perfect miracle.'' .. Joan laughed slightly; but tliere was alittle catch in her voice more suggestive of tears than laughter. > ." Oh, I like to do it, and the will finds the way, you know. It is good for > me,' too, to see; that others are worse oft" than me, and so try to help > them if I can." "It's a pity there arc not more like' you." was Robert Angus's solo comment; and another silence ensued. " It's a lung time sincc I was here, Joan," lie said, presently. Joan nodded. " Not since I told you not to come," she said, with a little odd smile. "You remember, when I became rather unpleasantly aware that it was not proper for me to allow you to spend an hour here. Yet they knew our re lationship, and how we liad been like brother and sister all our days. Truly, the tender mercies of our friends are very cruel." "But for you, Joan, I would have disre garded their silly and malicious gossip." " So should I if I had not been dependent on them for my bread," said Joan. "Poor things, their hearts are not much wider than their purses, and that is narrow enough, as I have bitterly proved." "Why don't you ask me why lam here to night?" asked Robert Angus, abruptly. " Because I expect you to tell me. I am not of a prying nature." " I wish you were a little more like your neighbours -110, I don't, though. Well,I'm rather put out to-night, in fact, I'm thoroughly disgusted with myself and every body else." " Charming frame of mind! Go on! Confes sion is good for the soul." Robert Angus rose from his chair, and began to walk up and down the little narrow room. "Joan, my father is going to marry again," he said, suddenly. Joan laid down her work, and turned hex face round to him. " I am not surprised. I was afraid of it; but I am very sorry." " What do you think of it ?" " Not very much, but Mr. Angus is not an old man." " He is sixty-three." "Look at my Uncle Joseph. He was eighty." " But l'.e married a suitable wife. Do you think Miss Ransome a suitable wife for iny father?" " Not in age, certainly ; but you must not be too hard on her." " How can I respect her ? Would any young girl marry an old man ^for anything except to gsin position and wealth ?" " Now I do not quite agree with you. I grant that what you say is the rule, but there are exceptions. Your father is very hand some, atid carries his years well. Then he ss young iu spirit, and very lovable." " Oh, bosk !'' " Thank you, Mr. Angus." "Well, what's the use of going on like that ? Are you trying to make me believe there is any love in the matter " I cannot say, but I think it not unlikely. You inust make the best of this, Robert. As far as I can hear and judge, Miss Ran some is at. ijood as she is beautiful." "Then slit jnust bo very different from] her precious brotijsv," Robert, savagely, j "She is very dilferejit. I am sure you will like her, 'and l believe ^je will make your J father very happy. As you are a man, and have a home of your own in prospect, the change really cannot aft'eet you very njiich. If you had been Mr. Angus's daughterinstend of his son, it would be different." " You are right, it would. Yoxi are very positive that I have a home in jvrospect. Joan." "Whether is it Amy or you who hav.e changed, then Robert Angus made no answer, but Joan saw his face grow darker as if some unplea sant thoughts were in his mind. " are you waiting for ?" she asked, presently, "iairgate lis ready, isn t it? I think vou sWild marry soon, Robert." "Why?" "lam not conceited te give my reasons. I think both Amy aud you would be hap pier. Certainly she would be more settled ; and what is the use of waiting ? " Not much, certainly. It will hays to bo off or on soon, a;iy way," said Robert Angus, and there stopped. He felt tempted to tell Joan Laurence what ho had seen m the policies that uight, but it would hurt his Wide. He could not confess that a being so contemptible in his eyes as Rolfe Ransome should have caused Amy to swerve, ;?ypn tor a moment, in her allegiance to lam. h o need not have been so reticent, however, for' Joan had hor suspicions already ; and, ivhat was mora, slie w ns reading Ins thoughts. in that very moment like fin open book. Is your father's marriage likely to take j.lace soon ?." she asked, wisely th/fiignig ie " I don't know. I was so disgusted he told me of it that I walked out the house. I haven't much patience., Joan " You're a man," said Joan, philosophi cally; "so nobody expects it of you. lou will be more civil to hiui next time he ejaoalfS of it." " If I am, ho has you to thank."' "Oh no; you would have to come to Reason sooner or later," suid Join, KPiv?fily " Will you take a cup of cocoa with me ! If you won't you must go away and let me have fcwiuo, I m very hungry," "No, thanks, 'I could not eat or drink anything, so I'll go away. You are a good sort of woman, Joan. I couldn't get on at all without you," said Robert, suddenly, as if the thought had but newly struck him. " I believe I'm a sellish, ungrateful wretch, but I do value your frienship, Joan Lau rence; for my soul I do." Joan's line eyss filled with sudden tears, and she rose hastily, brushing them aside as she did so, as if ashamed of her emotion. "Of course I know you do, else I wouldn't have taken the trouble to talk so much to you. When you fall short of what I expect and think you should do and be, I just com fort myself by thinking that as you are a man you must be excused." Robert laughed a little, and looked contemplatively for a moment at the woman before him. She was not beautiful by any means, but there was a something about her ho had never seen in any other woman. The wide sympathies, the strong yet tender soul, the boundless kindliness of her heart shone in her eyes, and showed themselves in every play of he» somewhat strongly-marked features. Her attire might be shabby and lowly enough, but she was a lady, and looked it every inch-nay, she was a woman whom any might be proud and glad to call friend. " You always do me good, Joan ; what a brick you are ! Do you know I sometimes wish those jolly old days, when we used to throw stones at and otherwise abuse each other, were back again 1 We were very happy then." "Vory; but there's no uso growing sentimental," said Joan, with a queer twitch j about her grave, sweet lips. "Good-night, ! and do you take my advice and bo kind to your father, and to the young wife when Bhe comes home. You'll never regret it. I think we'll find when we grow old that it's not the kind deeds that will cause us sorrow, but the other ones. Off you go !" " I'll remember your sermon, Joan. Good-night, 'and God bless you ! I don't often use phrases like that, but I really mean it to-night." Joan nodded. She really could not trust herself to sa3' any more. When the door closed upon Robert Angus, she. gulped down a great sob, and went away to prepare her solitary meal. CHAPTER VI. BEYOND THE BOUNDS. Instead of going straight home, Robert Angus walked out the Strathblane-toad as far as the Earl's gates. He had no intention, however, of going to the Thorn; Amy Bur nett would see no more of him for a few days to come. He simply wanted a cjuiet hour to himself to ponder over certain things, and to shape the course he intended to pursue. His talk with Joan Laurence had done him good. There was no nonsense about her, no beating about the bush ; she said what she had to say in plain, pointed language which could not be misunderstood. Then she never flattered nor spared when she though blame was due ; when she did praise, however, it was in no stinted measure-she did nothing by halves. Curiously enough, Robert Angus thought, she had never given him a word of approbation ; 011 the rare occasions when they met now she was invariably taking him to task honestly and fearlessly about something. The strangest thing of all was that he en joyed it, perhaps becauso it was different food 1 from that to which he was accustomed. The women folk of Auchengray had done their best to spoil Robert Angus, and they had very nearly succeeded. I From.Toan Laurence his thoughts wandered presently to Amy Burnett, wit'll whom ho felt justily indignant. The very soul of honour himself, true not only in word and deed, but in thought, to his promised wife, it hurt him bitterly to find that she had swerved ir.-her faith to him. There might bo nothing in taking <1 stroll withRoife Ransome; still, as the betrothed of another, she had no right to do it. Therefore she deserved to bo punished, and he would go no more to the Thorn till she penitently sent for liim and begged to be forgiven. Grimly satisfied with this resolution, he bethought himself that he had better be going home, as it was past nine o'clock. Just as he turned to go, someone came striding through the Earl's gates, and presently the mingled odour of perfume and tobacco convinced him that Rolfe Ransome was coming up behind. Not at all desirous of having his company home, Robert quick ened his steps ; so did Rolfe, and in a few minutes was alongside. "Hulloa, Angus, it's you! Out for a stroll, eh ?" he asked, in his cool, impertinent manner. No answer. " It's rather lafc'etogo to the Thorn; besides. Mrs. Burnett had a headache,, and had gone to bed. That's why I left so early. Going home, eh " Yes; but be good enough to go on in front, or else keep behind," said Robert, quietly. "I prefer may own company to yours." "Dear me, how grumpy you are ! Gover nor home, eh? "Was he waxed at me for taking a holiday ?" "I" expect you will hear about. Mr. Angus is much displeased. It is probable you will receive your dismissal." "Not a bit of it," said Rolfe, Serenly. "He won't for Isabel's sake. You bet he won't; but there,'I'm letting the cat out. You I wonder I am " "The fact that Mr. Angus is about to mairy your sister will not make him over look all your offences," said Robert, signifi cantly. " Several of your doings of late will require an explanation shortly, Rolfe gave vent to a long, low whistle, in? dicative of his extreme surprise. " So you know all about it do you 1 Well, you know, you may as well keep civil, for yon woivt have much to say whe'11 there's two of us in the house.'' Robert Angus bit his lip till it bled. Only himself knew what a mighty effort itcost him to keep his hand off Ransome. "You've treated me worse than a dog 1 since I came tj this vile place," said Ran some, presently, carefully knocking the ashes from his pipe. "But I'll bo revenged on you. Say, how did you feel wlion you saiv the divine Amy and your humble servant in the avenue- to-night 'I Very small, eh ? I thought you would. Here, I say, keep off. Do you mean to kill me 1" Robert Angus threw his prudenco to the winds. Catching his tormentor by the col lav of the coat, lie shook him as a dog would shake a rat; shook him till his teeth chat tered in his head, and he howled for mercy. Then taking up the dainty cane which had fallen from Ransomo's nerveless finger,5 lie snapped it across his back, and tossed it and its ,pwnc>' in the gutter. _ Then lie strode oil i>> front, leaving Rolfe to pick himself ,up gingerly, swearing and vowing vengeance in no measurod terms. When it came to a trial of strength, ho had not the ghost of a chance against Robert Aivus ; so his revenge would need to take some other form than that of personnlchastise ment. After the heat of his passion wore ofl, Robert felt annoyed at and nsliamedof him self. It would have been much moredignified, certainly, to have passed by Ransome's impudence with silent contempt, only there were m^n upon whom contempt was utterly lost, and whom nothing short of corporal punishment would touch; and Rolfe Ransome was certainly one of these. Ho seemed utterly devoid of any of the finer feelings ; as for honour, the word was to him only an un ! known sound. .'-,s ])0 neared homo Roberts thoughts reverted again & l)i» father. Ho felt sorry ; now that lie i)tf bfiDa so .$0# >V$1 !?!!«. j After all, lie had a right tq vHM&S; i without consulting anybody. When «e re membered the anxious nervousness with which i he had approached the subject, and the evident dread he had of the reception, he (Robert) would give his news, he smiled a compassionate smile, and again regretted that he hwl not been kinder. As Jpanhad said, kind deeds would be tfofl pleas$pt<?fffc tg upon at that period of lifo when memory is all we 'have to live upon ; that time wl)ich comes ujjQij ns silently and swiftly, convinc ing us tliat the highest RjafoiftW8 proiidesfc aims of humanity are as IfS!? ¥P«g»ad WIti°ttseexaoHy half-past nine on the Tow Hall clock *vh&» Jjep.^od UP ^0 Higlrwreet, \vhiclr was now quite deserted. The only creature he saw was the doctor's housemaid, running to the Post Office with her master's letteis. He bade her good evening as lie passed, for she had been two years in the .Bank House, and it never occurred to Robert to pass even a servant-girl without re cognition. It was that perfect frank courtesy which made him so much beloved in Auchen gray 'Is the master in, Christina?' he asked the girl who opened the door to him, for lie had forgotten his key. " Yes, sir. Ho is in the study. Ia Mr. Ransome not with yon, Mr. Robert? The master has been asking for him. He seems anxious about him." " Oh, he is all right. lie will be hero shortly," Robert answered carelessly, and, hanging up his hat and coat, went straight to the library. His father was writing at the table, and merely glanced up at his entrance, but made 110 remark. Robert stood against the mantel with his hands in his pocket, listen ing to the scratching of the pen across the paper. " You did not see Ransome, I suppose?" his father said presently, as he addressed and sealed his letter. Robert could read the address from where he stood-" Miss Ransome, care of Mrs. Colquhoun, Mount Rosa, Strathblane." "Yes, I saw him. He will be in shortly." " Whore has ho been ; do you know ?" " Spending the evening at the Thorn, responded Robert briefly. "Ah, I'm glad to hear he was in so safe a place. You surely don't go so much to the Thorn as you did, Bob 1" "One wooer at a time is sufficient, I fancy, even for Miss Burneit," Robert answered, with a bitterness which surprised both his father and himself. But the old man wisely made 110 com ment. " Father, I'm sorry I was so rude to you this evening," said Robert, presently, turn ing his fine eyes fully and frankly on his father's face. "I was taken by surprise and forgot myself. Believe me, I wish you every happiness, and I shall not lack in courtesy, I assure you, to your wife, whenever you please to bring her home." It was half-comical, half-pathetic, to see the change which came upon the banker's face as he listened to these words. "Thank you, Bob. I hoped this wouldn't make any difference between us," he said, somewhat huskily, and extending iiis hand to his son as he spoke. " I won't forget this. I promise you ; and I am sure Isabel will appreciate your good-will even more deeply than I do. She has been very anxious about you, and I have just been writing to her to night with a heavy heart." Robert nodded. "You might re open?the letter, and convey my good wishes to her in a postscript," he suggested, with a slight twinkle in his eye, which brought a smile to his father's lips. So Joan's sermon was already bearing fruit. " I say, father, do you know what I've been about to-night ?" "No. Haven't you been at tho Thorn?" " No, I looked in to see Joan Laurence for an hour ; then I went out the Sfcrathblane road, and gave Ransome a thrashing." " Bless mo, boy !" Mr. Angus started, not being able to dis cern the analogy between paying a visit to Mies Laurence and chastising Rarisome. " He was impertinent to me, and that was the only way I could punish him; so I did it," said Robert, coolly. "I hope you didn't hurt him." " Not I ; only spoiled a cano and a pair of kid gloves for him ; that's all. He'll weigh his words next time he speaks to me, I'll warrant you." "Dear me, it is most extraordinary ! I had no idea there was so much fire in you, Rob. But if you didn't hurt him, I daresay it won't do him any harm." " It 11 do him good. There he is, coming in. He won't show face here, I promise you." Mr. Ransome admittod himself with his own key, and went straight up to Ins room. As may be imagined, lie was not in a parti cularly amiable mood. Nor were the remarks he made in a savage undertone while ho brushed the mud from his new tweed suit of a very elegant or complimentary kind. Robert was right. The thrashing, riclilymerited as it was, did Ransomo good, in so far as it put an end to all impertinence directed against the individual who had inflicted it. He now kept a respectable distance from Robert, and, though living under tho same rooftree, they seldom exchanged words. Mr. Angus, senior, began to keep a more strict and vigilant surveillance over his junior cleric, and did not mince matters when he chanced to offend ; so that tho young gentle man had an indifferent time of it in the house ; of Angus. But ho found consolation ever awaiting j him at the Thorn. Robert Angus absented himself from the factor's house for a week, and j intended still further to absent himself until Amy should send for him and make some explanation of the scene which she knew | very well he had witnessed. He was some what astonished at his own coolness in tho matter ; in fact, ho felt no extreme distress at the separation from -his lady-love, and as the days went by, ho felt leas and loss inclina tion to roturn to his old allegiance. He was standing at the bank door one afternoon just at closing-time, waiting on the office boy bringing up the-mail-bag from the post office, when Sir. Burnett came up. " Hulloa, Robert ; how are you ?" he said, cheerily. "I was in tho town, and came up specially to sea you. What's come over you this age, eh V "Nothing particular, Won't yon come in ? It is just three, and my father will be going into the house presently." " No, thank you. Come, tell mo why you have stayed away so long. Amy not been behaving, ell ?" "Amy knows what has kept me, Mr. Burnett," Robert said. Sho pretends not to-the monkey-for I asked her this very day, and sho tossed her head, and said you must have got a sweet heart. Is that so 1" "It is Amy who is fickle. Sho does not miss me, evidently ; sho lias got so good a substitute," said Robert, drily. '' Tell you what; that young Ransome's not worth his salt, and ho comes a deal too much to tho Thorn. If I thought he was making love to my girl I'd show him the door procious quickly, I assure you," said Mr. Burnett, with asperity. "That's just what he is doing, Mr. Bur nett ; and it is scarcely to bo expected that I slioujd brook his rivalry." ':<1 iilws's ijih ! I \yi^h my family had been all boy,? ; tlipy' avo'W niu'eli Vossi* trouble. That Amy beginning to annoy mo with her lovers already, and four young ones coming up to follow her example. It'll make me an old man before my time," said Mr. Burnett, comically. "Well. Robert, Amy or no Amy, don't desert us. Mamma misses you of an evening-so do we all." "Thank you. Tell Mrs. Burnett I'll bo up some evening soon. You've heard of my father's approaching marriage with Miss Ransome 1" " Yes, and I didn't know what to think of it. I thought your father too sensible a man to have done it," said Mr. Burnett, shaking his head. " But she's a very sweet girl, I hear, and you may be very comfortable together ; I am suro I hope so. Well, I'm off. There's Miss Laurence coming up the street. Fine woman that- ; I wish my Amy )vere more like her, Pon't forget your prqmi^tj tp cpuje up. tyocjd d^y !" 2'o be Continued, 