COLONIAL ITEMS LONDON, MABCH,8. A new steamer, built for Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co., of Melbourne, has been launched at Hartlepool. LONDON, MABCH 9. The Statist, commenting on financial matters in Victoria, says that the Mel bourne banks utilised their resources to encourage wild speculation, and are now compelled to severely curb operations. LONDON, MABCH 10. Her Majesty's sloop of war Nvmphe, 1,140 tonB, eight guns, will proceed to Australia after the approaching naval manoeuvres. LONDON, MABCH 1L Sir Saul Samuel, the Agent-General for .New South Wales, has been instructed by Sir Henry Partes to make it public that the present deficit in the colonial finances is only £2,500,000. It has been decided to wind up the Consolidated Broken-hill Silver Mining Company, which was floated last month with a capital of £350,000, inoonwauenoe of doubts being entertained as to the validity of the title to the property, ' LONDON. MABOB 12. The Canadian Government have de cided to grant a subsidy of £110,000 to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company, which proposes to establish a line of steamers for the Atlantic passenger trade. It is expected that the steamers mil be eventually utilised for the conveyance of passengers and mails for Australia, via Vancouver. Mr. E. Huybers, the secretary to the Victorian Commission for the Paris Exhi bition, has been sent to Paris to supervise the arrangements in connection with the Victorian Court at the Exhibition. The reason assigned for the decision to wind up the Broken-hill Consolidated Silver-mining Company is that the com pany has not sufficient capital to work the mine. LONDON, MARCH 1& Madame Melba (Mrs. Armstrong, the well-known Victorian vocalist) hw been engaged for the opera season at Drury lane Theatre. . LONDON, MABCH 14. The Imperial Broken-hill Consols Sil ver Mining Company, with a capital ol £360,000, has been registered. An action has been brought by Mr. Robert Dennis against Mr.' J. Benniker Heaton, the Conservative member for Canterbury. The piaintiif claimed £600 for services rendered, and he alleged that, acting in the capacity of private sec retary to Mr. Heaton between 1886 and 1888, he had written for him his speeches, certain articles in the National Review, letters published in The Time* and others addressed to the Postmaster General, and the statement made by Mr. Heaton before the Colonial Conference held in London in 1887. He asserted' that he had in feet throughout been that gentleman's ghost. The case has been settled, Mr. Heaton paying £400 to the defendant for his services and the coBts of the action, amounting to £200. 