Japanese Superstitions. The household superstitions ol Japan are very numerous. They are harmless; oiien exciting laughter; yetaoentronohed are they in the household that religion, argument) even ridicule am not destroy them. Some of these superstitions have a moral or educa tional purpose, inculcating lessons of benevo lence, neatness and habits ol cleanliness. A room ia never swept immediately after the departure of the inmate for fear of sweeping out the luofc. At a marriage ceremony neither the bride nor the groom wears any elothiug of a purple color lost their marriage be soon dissolved, purple being a color moat liable to fade. If the oup of medicine ia up set by aeoideni during the illneaa of a person it is a sure sign of recovery. Tina looka as It the Japanese had faith in our proverb, " Throw physio to tho dogs." There are Borne euriouB ideas in regard to the finger nails. They mast not be out before starting on a journey leBfc disgrace fall upon the per son at bis destination. Neither should they be out at night, lest cat's olawfl should grow out. Children who throw the paring of tho nails into the fire are in danger of somo great oalamity. If a piece should fly into the fire while ontting the person will soon die. The howling of a dog portends death. I! a woman steps over an egg-shell aha will go mad; if over a razor it will become dull 5 if ever a whetstone it will break. If a man should set hia hair on fire he will go mad. Children are told i£ they tell a lie an emi (imp) will poll out their tonguea. The wholeaoipo terror of the oni, standing ready to run away with hia tougue, haa caused many a Japanese youth to speak the truth. The Japanese have a horror of the davk noaa; they, always keep o, light burning to ward off ghosts. Tha junkmen believe in a ghost who comas to them and politely asks to borrow ft dipper. The anawer decides the fata of the junkman. If a dipper with a bottom ia bestowed upon the ghost, ha uses it to bail water enough to swamp tho junk, kbnt if the bottom can bo knocked out ana thrown at him ha disappears. In this last oaso tho act must bo accompanird by an in cantation, or tho ghost turns into a sea oappa-& inany-elflwed riionster-who will drag tha jnnk to the bottom, Tho Japanese are a gentle, sensitive raoe, very much nnder tho influence of their emotions. Love with them ia a serious matter, often one of life or death. Disap pointment in love or desertion frequently ends in saicido. Sometimes the girl beoomes an avenger and implores the gods to curse or visit with death the destroyer of her peace. The passions whioh thrill and torment the human soul are as intense in far-away Japan as in those lands whioh boast) a higher civilisation. 