THE SPEECHES. Mr. F. B» Freehill, presidout of the Irish National League of Sydney, was voted to the chair, and amoug those who occupied places ou the platform were J. Goriuly, T. Dalton, T. H. Ilassall, W. S. Dowel, James Toohey, T. Willis, W. Edmunds, W, P. Crick, Ms.P., Alder man J. D. Young, Alderman P. M'Mahou, John Toohev, Gaptam U inanagan, i. jjuuer, \v.d. Allen," John Walnh, Thomas Curran, J. J. Cuvran, E. Gofl'ee, T. J. Murray, J. Baxter, M. J. Coulon, J. G. O'Connor, J. F. Honuessy, Dr. \Y, E. Waricu, E. O'Earrell, B. GalTuey, John M'Guinnens, W. Walsh, J. W. Wulshc, F. O. Rourke, C. O'Neill, R. J. Dunford, A. M'Guire, ft. Punch, F. Burke (Kocipsey) and J. Morlurty (West Muitiumi). The Chairman" after having ofTered a few remarks explanatory of the objfcct of tlio gathering, said that Mr. William OBricn, whoso treatment at the hands of the English Government was well known, was the very soul of tho Irish movement. In a few weeks they would have iu their midst as a delegate from the Home Rule party John Dillon, ami he was anvc that they would be all ready to extend to him a bcarly and a cordial welcome. (Applause.) He explained the motives which had actuated John Dcasy auu Sir Thomas Gratlau Esmonds in coming to Australia, and referred to John Dillon as being one of tbe greatest intellects of the Irish National party. lie (thecbairinau) bad received a letter from ftir Thomas Esmonds in reply to one he had written, asking him to l>e present that day, in which he stated that he had made arrangements with John Dillon to await. his arrival in Melbourne before speaking at any gathering or taking part iu any public ciomoWlrauon. " They would therefore fee that ir. was iuipoiiKiblu for him to be with them. That communication afforded another instance of the extraordinary dlseipU'uo which prevailed among the Irish member?. Mr. John Harris, their worthy and respected Mayor, hud wel comed on lTohalf of the cituvus of Sydney their friend, Mr. Deasy, and be thought that tho key note of tbe Irish delegates' mission liad been struck when that gentleman had remarked that their mission to this country was ono of peace. (Applause.) He had in his hand a book of rules which had been promulgated six rears ago by tho Redmond brothers, and the first article in it having reference to national iself-gorcrnment was to the effect that it was tho right or the Irish people to manage their own affairs iu a Parliament elected by the people similar to that enjoyed by the people of Australia, That was the sole object of the struggle in which they were now engajred, und until tho accom plishment of it the Irish people would novor rest content. (Applause.) They ware there that day to assist in aiding their fellow- countrymen to attain this end. Tho hud all read of how William O'Brien had been con ducted from a mcotiug of tho electors of Manchester to the Mansion House, where lie oceunicd otato apartments at the instance of tho ?Jayor of that borough. He was proud to be iu a position to tell them that their answer to the treatment to which that patriot had been aabjecled would be a pro test to the effect that the Irish Natloual League would that night dispatch to Dublin n message of sympathy, nccompauied by a contribution amounting to £1500 to the Parnell Indemnity Fund. (Appluuse.) He urged them not to deviate from th© conrso which they puisued in the past, but to stick to the struggle, which would eventually be attended with triumph. He hoped that tho day would not bo tar distant when they would no louger have occasion to appeal to . them ia the cans© in which thor were now engaged. Mr. .Tames Toouey, M.P., moved — That, tills im'otins eoiiKratuhvics Mr. ParaoU on his triumphant victnry over " Tho Time? " Iu its efforts to villit'y his public and private character. He referred to the progress made by tho Irish Home Rule purtv, and their etideavor's to gain for their country the fame privileges as wo enjoyed in Australia. Ho spoke of tho great work accomplished by the Redmond brothers during their visit to Australia, aud expressed himself as being hopeful of the success which would attend tho mission of John Deaay, John Dillon and Sir Thomas Esmond©. Tim causo of tho Irish people was one which could not fail to exeito the sympathy of every true lover of liberty. Tho moment of triumph of the Irish part v had uow come. (Applause.) If it were possible that tho ghost of Kmnict could walk abroad that day, what joy would he not feel in the success that had been achieved. It was a national triumph unparalleled in the history of tho world. (Applause.) It was u triumph of democracy. It was the democratic elemont of the wholo world which spoke to them against the Influence and power of capital. ("Hear, hoar.") "William Eivau Gladstone—- (cheers) — know what ho had to fight on entering the Irish contest, and he alao knew that he was entering into a contest of which tho present otago was but the beginning. It was a contest which involved a atrugglo of democracy against capital, and bo knew perfectly well that in referring|to thafphaeoof the question he would bo going entirely outride of the object for which they bad met. Ho asked them, howorer, to remember that day tho name of Michael Davitt, tho man who had fought and Buffered for the cause, und who had remained steadfast in Mb fidvoeuey of it, despite the treatment lte had been subjected to. It would, bo thought, be unwise to pass away from that mooting without recognising the great scrvices'rondcred to thejjenuse by so distinguished a patriot. He asked them to givo three chcera for tho name of Davitt. Mr. W. 8. Dowel, M.P., in seconding tho resolution, congratulated thorn upon their demonstration upon that the feast day of their national saint, and ho did so the inoru readily hecam-c they were fit. riving to obtain the same form of government which tho people of Australia enjoyed, and towards the struggle for wliiuh they hail contributed upon that occusiou the sum of £1500. Asnloverof freedom, and one who valued to the full the privilege he enjoyed, it gave him pleaaute in doing what little he could iu promoting the causa of Homo Rule for Ireland. (Applause.) He was one at Mr. John Redmond's eonvortu ar.d hud sup ported the cause when first he sought parlia mentary honors. When ho first addressed tho electors ho apoko in favor of Homo Rule for Ireland, mid lie wna proud to say that ho had never changed in his opinious, notwithstanding the nspcrsiouu of the groat "Thunderer" and "Blunderer,", with all its mighty .influence, and bucked up by wealth and capital, and all tho bigotry and prejudice that had been hurled at a . man who stood before the world that day as a pattern aud a model of dignity and patriotism. (Chocu'f\\) As he bad sup ported the Home Rule cause in the past r»o he would do in the future. Mr. Guiimlv, M.P., supported tlio resolution. Mr. Willis, M.L'., in speaking to the motion, recorded Ins protest agalust the notion of tbe British Government in denying the lrhh race tho fame privileges which wo enjoyed iu Aus tralia. lie was pleased to foe that the young blood of this colony had also come forward in eo public a manner to rocord their protest agninsUthe treatment of the Irish Home Rule party. They enjoyed freedom and thoy enjoyed the privileges which had been bestowed upon them. They were as free as air, ami every day brought them to n further elate of freedom. How could thoy, then, in Aimtvalia deny to another country that freedom which belonged tojthoni? Tliey'could iiotljconsisteutly do eo. It would be within the proviucc of young Aus tralians to stand up and dctuaud the rights that Ireland is entitled to. The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. Ua&l;\ll, M.L\\. said that the irisli people were not asking for anything unreasonable, bnt for what iealiy and actually belonged Lo tbcui. He moved,— That this assemblage halls with satisfaction the arrival of the delegates of tlio IrBh Parliamentary party, ami pledges itsoli to support tho causo ol Irish self-government, Mr. W. 1J. Chick, M.I\, seconded tbo resolu tion, which v/aa carried with enthusiasm. 