DIANA. . Sho was os . straight ns na Indian arrow? largeilimhccl 'iind: tall,; with, thnt peculiar whlto skin which docs not tan nor grow sallow, l'hc fiist Diana was not more pro portioned than was this one. A combination of raasculino'strchgthfaiid feminine beautj i-nbt fcmininc chough to be wholly woman, nbr mnsctilinc. 'enough be be wholly man. lier dresj was half oho and half the other. A' moil's b 1 rick slouch bat covered ber head, and n mail's ; black coat ' protected ber shoulders ; a petticoat of thick, dark stufl hid the rest, of her down to tlio ankles of ber bootsliod foot. . Shc rodc a hugc black. 6tallion».a creature as flplendld and ficvy aud scornful as the scornful, fiery, -6plcndid creature tbat fear- leesly bestrode his back. Ati imaiaatire theorist might easily have difluovercd 'In the dilating nostrils, tipflinging huada, and eyes rdstltfia with uutamnble de- fiance the cioso kinship of two souls before metompsjehosifl made one bchat nnd ono human. Sho; wai Diana; thc horae's harao Was-" BaUu. 1 Diaim lovc'd Satan and Satan loved Dihtia It whs thought that neither of tbem loted any other living thing, aud it was a certainty that no otbur living thing loved oithcr of them. 1 'Diana plilled tho rein nnd Sidan stopped with one forc-fout nplificd. 'i'hey looked lik'c a ebony-statued Oent'aur. Before tbcra the sun was Belting— sinking, sliding down a liltle and a little into the I utbqrmost cdga of the plain. ' Bo su:|9y and red and so'oionu to. tho dead grass it ucomcd It. must set it aiiro. Dohir.cl them the bine, snow-lined wall of tlio Sierras rtachfd up to tbo clouds. Tularo .Luke- gliltorcd, ami glowed, and burned hi the rod sumrnys until its many- league crystal bosom seemed struck by some sudden transforming forco of. nature, and each single dri>p .of. water, changed to diamond. v . " I : The. ebony Centaur let its -foot slowly I to the ground it took ' aft - its elouohod I liftt, iia four eyes looked. straight into the ' WC8t, ' . A lizard scampcrcil. away,. .rustling the I dry grass with its scaly kgp, .a squirrel ! anUbed Into its hole in the ground, and a jack-rabbit paused in Its gallop', reared np 00 Its haunches, with eyes standing Iriqulf ingly .np; its meek, surprised eyes stared as straight at tbo Centaur as those uf thcCcn-. taur stared into tho west, ? For nil other sign uf animated existence on the plains these might hare been all that in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and dccpcr-tidtcd spread Us glow ; the glory in the west and tho gray li the' east touched cdttt s af the zenith High over the dimple>g1ittcrcd, glisten, ing, diamond-bosomed lake tbearmira of tbo sun built pyramids nnd domes and bntllo mcnts of wuitc-fleeced clouds, in silver and ctiatson and opal and gold, that roso and towered and toppled over Into a smoke- girthed amber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down to the earth nnd spread over the hot ground and tho brown dead clover. It crept to the feet of the Centaur, and over its black glossy hide, and stule into tho fnco of tho woman The scorn, .the defiance faded. out of it, the bard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meot tbo glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul, and lighted her features with the pureness of tbo virtue that has cbastcncd itself in the smelting furnace of sin The Centaur was transfigured. A broad-brancbcd oak— tho only tree for miles aronnd— stood near; n man, followed by a eboep-dog, stepped from behind. He made no uolse and was not seen. He was sun-burned, and . unshorn, and roughly gar mcntcd. There was an odd twitching of the muscles' about bis mouth, and as be watched tho process of transformation in tbo woman's face, Its spirit leaped into his own. - . t . w Without any cjnscioua volition be reached forth his bands and cried out,- .- Diana." Was ft the reflection of .the sunset in ber did sbo hear? She touched the. rein and Satan bounded forward, the ebony: Centanr was a passive transfiguration ho longer. It was again the splendid,- scornful, defiant creature, Imtiog humanity and smiting the earth with con temptuous feet. Tee man with the sheep-dog looked aftor her a littlo while, then walked slowly awny, taking an opposite dirco tion, A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as ho approncbed the door of the enigmati cal construction burlesqued with the name of House." 11 See, Dill, will ye, looks like he was walk- in1 home in the sbadder of bis coffin, and Shop sneaks along liko he'd been a-stealin' sheep," Tuc man, to whom the words were ad dressed, looked out, then dropped bis eyes and answered in a lower tono and softer voice than the other : "Don't juke. him to-night. Brassy, bo's in one of his bad ways. I wouldn't won der if he'd seen- that woman ngaiu. It8 enoagb to tnnko' ono think shu's n ghost bkunting falm the way lie looks after he's seen. her," ' v "Ha'nt bo dogoncd ; I'd like to have such n solid fantasmngory a ha'ntin1 mc . 11 Stop — he'll bear you." . The one who spoke lost got up and walked out at tho back door, to stop tho talk of the other. 'V; ' « Well, I'll be golled j If I was as thin- skinned about other people's fceliu's assonie people, I'd ge-.me a patent outside," mutr tercd-Brassy. : A . Tbo cnuseof the remarks seated himself on a limb which stuck oiit of tbe wood-pile iu' the yard, took out his poeketknlfe and com menced. wbHtliug.': " " " Shore Bign'," growled Brassy, looking oiib as ho pnsscd back and forth, cooking supper; VaI1uz whittles when be's got 'ora. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for bcin1 cuMculnrotisly tough, but then tlicm moods, an tenics, an1 them finediaired feel in's bclps a fellow out of lots of coukin'. Who could ox a chap.thot looks like he was- goln' to his own funeral to make salcratus. biscuits, or expect a yotingster with, the brine so close to his eyelids to bile murpbys? Say, Dill, what makes you so down iu the mouth? Seen aghhst or anything?" - BiU did not look up, or stop whittliog. "Yes, I've seen a ghost. 8uppcr ready ?"/ - - " Ko, but I've got her on a-bllln'," cheerily, answered Brassy; : He was n; very .home-made philosopher, nnd Archimedes would roost likely have re jectcd the mathematics, of thosoliloquy which he.ihdulgcd in.; , A "Knock me down witha feather, if human nature 'ain't a bard thing to; cipher out. HoWj thcr's Bill and - Dainty, my partners, nary ono of which ever recollected thnt grub hcz to ,be/ cooked, anl nary one of which everforgitstofeel thosymutomsof approach- in' meal timo. But which ever side you git on, grub's in tbo middle, therefore splicia1 two and two, and mnkin' it versus a un>nowu quality which Is grub, I find by those tiggcr- iu that grab. Is. tho syntax of life, au' the result of the calkerlation is Brassy hcz to cook It."' Brassy had to talk. If ho had not anyone ebc to talk to he tnlked to himself, . They were a diversified three that sat down io cue rougu mno came wuicu Drossy spread with a flourlsu against the wall. Moody, reserved Dill, child hearted Dainty, who bad been recbristencd thus by by Brassy becausb of .his slightness of stdtnro and fastidious ways, and the irrepres sible, philosophical; good-natured Brassy, who talked when he should liavo said noth ing, and said nothing when he should, have talked, and nlwiys hit in the wrong p'nee. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on tnat territory of raoge whoso boundary line was marked by its vast. loncBoanuess. But in .a climate where the .squirrel, tho owl, and the rattle snake dwelt peacefully iu the same abode, even these three might har monise. Tho moon was full, and the men sat out side of the cabin, two of them taking Ibeir after-supper smoke. The mysterious calm of the brcczelcss night had put upon tbeia its spell of silence. Bill sat with bowod head, and whittled mechanically on nsmnll piece of stove-wood, and Dainty held n cigarette carelessly be tween his thnrab and forefinger, nnd blew contented little puffs of smoke awny from his mouth. Brassy tugged and puffed nt an old pipe, and watched Bill from -under tho rim of bis hnt. . " Bill," Sfudhc, 11 you ought to smoke ; It'd boa mighty comfort to you, nn' savo a heap o' good stovc-wood." . Bill's only .notice of tho remark was to shift ends of the Btick and whittle vigor? ously. Dainty moved uneasily and gave Brassy a warning glnndoj but no warning glance ever could catch Brassy's understand- . ing. lie always maintained it was arniust his principles to take hints. " Yes, smokln' is the most continuous com- fortin1 amusement I know of ; nolhip like it to put a man in good sperrits, onless it's puttin yood.sperries in a man; nu' stove- wood in this country is mighty bard to get. Yes, Bill, you ought to tnke losmokin. It's j palaces, an' diamonds, an' 'llabinn steeds to i tbo poro man.' Course they got up in smoke, j bql they're his while they're goinY If you're I hungry, it's a sort of sootlunent to the plnce i ,'t's aobtn' for; victuals,'. H you're .alonq in a bOwlia dVlWcrne88 U'«"Wifd, childreh,\f\ud 1 friends— tliey go up In smoke, too, bat you ' j. have 'em while they're gain'; an it keeps female sect from ha'ntin' a lonc6crae bachc- , ' lor." -. ':- , » . - ' He looked comically at Dainty, and nodded c toward Bill, . - ' : \ ' - 'v;'' . Dainty puckered his brows into a most' ; speaking frown nnd asked, i,v. "Brassy, do you know why you- arc not like my old kihte ?" ; : - V ; :C; "Dunno, 'leas it's -'cause tho knife shut a up. ; somclimis. Yts, there's most; always sniue.; differenco between Ipeuple and old knives j now,- there's Bill— V Dftihty jumped np and threw, away his cigarette.' '.- " -Boys," said he, "let's tako the uogs orer . to tho river: and trco'a wild cat.". , Brassy pocketed his pipe immediately. . ' r>£$. V Bight, me lord, I'm yuurn wben it's wild, cats yon talk. An'if Mill wants. to go, th©: triumvirate's agreed ; if he dou't— . . j 'He may slgh to'thc winds, to the God- ' dess Diana, ' ' But bistays. they will end on tboJslo.-,. : of Sr. ilclena.' " ' lie sang the fines of the old-fashioned, long-out-of-date song in a most unmusical v ' > ./ voice, and it might yavo been the melody / . . : i that mado Bill sinrt so suddenly, that ho . overturned tbc stool on which he sat; it . might have Jbeen the moonlight that, made him pale. Dainty hastened to iuterpusr, " with the sufgistioa that if they were going they bnd better start. He could not have told why he thought Brassy's insinuating nonsense would give pain to Bill, or in whnt manner it could pain bim; ho was one of those peculiar natures that know nameless . things, by intuition. He did not carc for wild cnt hunting, but knew prowling about in tbc river bottom, trying to scare up - : . " varmints," was one of Braesy's weaknesses. ® Beside, tbeic were few divcisions to break - the monotony of the sheep-bcrdcrs'existcnce, ' even though tbcro were-three of them, arid thoy herded tbeir own flocks and rode their . own horses. . It has been said jocularly of sheep-herd- " It takes but three months to turn tho strongest biaiu." . The saying bad a good foundation, more especially if the time were summer. Think ' of a human being, endowed with the nttii- butcs of divinity, set down ou those vast . plains to follow, day after day, a thousand bead of bleating sheep— sheep are nlwaya bleating; dny after duytosee the sun rise, ' , red ami sultry, to shine all day through a cloudlcsu, changeless sky on n changeless, brewn, mirage- glimmering iaudscape, and sink out of sight, red aud sultry, at eve. To licur, night after night, the west wind- always the west wind— blowing its ilrcnry .music, and the bowl of tbc prowling coyote, right after night tbc same sounds, dny after dny the same scenes, his companionship the ' lizzard nnd the horucd-toad— always follow ing round and round that thousaud head of bleating sheep She moon was high up in tbo sky when they reached the timber of the river,. ' which was about three miles from the- camp. M Boys," again said Dainty, " I'm somehow ' ; sorry 1 asked you to come to-nigbt j 1 feel . liko something was going to happen, and ; that we ought to get out of here ns. quick as we can .."iv".- ' M0b, gosh, , Dainty, your feolln's is .-tob . v ' close to tho Atmosphere.- What you.a'poso ;.y couidhappen ? Think Goaqniu Marietta cr; > Threc-fi.ngcrcd Jack's a luxuHntin' iu-tho r vx badders of . tho nnderbrushi 6CcntedV. 'f , our money-jwcket'r ahr liyin ,fur us, aa , it : 1 y.'; were?" - " «:. Bill- smiled nt thiF, it was so ridiculous, .. \ ..y,:. and Dainty said no more, of Lis undefined: .' fear. .. . - An hour, two hours,- -three, .of traipping, ;vv> yy; anil not a wild cat wim Amiable enough to v' tree and be killed, raiicb to Brassy's dis"' ' . gucr. ' / , Tired out, thoy started homo. - " Listen; don, t you hear n curious sound ?1' 1 said Dainty. - ; AU of them stopped and llstcDcdi but only for a moment. , " Merciful God I' tthoatcd Brassy, yaur Hvosi itVtho river overflowed !" . Tfiey sprang'fotward and ran with macb.v \wf speed in spite of brush, and briars, and many . . .V . stumblings. . ., , :. " If wo could only got to the slough fust,' . ; p anted Brassy. - : ' The dry bed of the slough was oply A.fcw.: hundred feet beyond, but a waU of Water > . higher than tbeir bends was rolling dovm - .( . with terrible swiftness upon them. The water from tho river, overtook them ami Japped. around / their feet and up. to. thbir/ : > waists. It was useless now to try to reaoh . the .Hough, impossible .to cms-) it if they could, that crackling mufllcd roar was too near. They were between two Ihiods ; . ic / was a moment to act without deciding With one accord ' BUT nnd Brassy caught / . ; Dainty and hoisted liim intq the forks . of n large sapling, by the side of which they, v . r rt stopped, and seudded up after him, A minute later they were in tho midst of . a mile-wide waste of fast- rising water. Be- x / hind them was the terrible,. swift,.. rolling river, whoso bead, was in the heart of -tho : eternal 6nowa ; beforo them the 8longh,ovcr which they bad walked dry-footed three hours beforo, rolled another .river, swift- llowing, niuddy,r ice-cold, nud deadly deep, ' The sapling ewnyed and bent with their wf-icrhK flnmr.timcH dinhin?- them into tho chilling water, and shook and shivorcil toils . , topinost-.twig when some lljating object - lodged against it. Higlior roso the flood' and swethed their , j ' soaked garments about them ; it was so cqld > /: — soVold clinging; and tho uightso balmy and- : ; warm, and the moonlight eo soft and. so beautiful. ' . :: Partncra," said Brassy, .V I reckon we're - enchcrcd this ti inc." : ' . .v ' "Looks liko it," responded Bill, " nnd I'm - :> quite willing." - " Well, then, you're the- fust man I ever. ... saw that wa ready, for rain. Course we'd bov to awing out somo day, nu, drownin', . they say, is a chsydenth ; but tobodrownded .> like a parsel of treed squirrels disagrees with mo. 1 might knowed these hot. days, 't a : . cooked tho gross dry enough to make yeast-. . powders, M molt the snow an' bring down a Hood. Yes, I'volived nigh tbo river long enough to bo a-lookin out fer a\tbmg liko this. An' Idcscrveafloakin'fcrbein'soou- thoughted, but I don't like to -bo drowndud liko n miserable squir'J." (to ilK contiruki)) 