DIANA. She was as straight as an Indian arrow, large-limbed and tall, with that peculiar white skin which does not tan nor grow sallow. The first Diana was not more pro- portioned than was this one. A combination of masculine strength and feminine beauty —not feminine enough to be wholly woman, nor masculine enough be be wholly man. Her dres3 was half one and half the other. A man's black slouch hat covered her head, and a man's black coat protected her shonlders ; a petticoat of thick, dark stuff hid the rest of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod feet. She rode a huge black stallion, a creature as splendid and fiery and scornful as the scornful, fiery, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode his back. Au imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in the dilating nostrilsj upflinging heads, and eyes restless with untamable de fiance the close kinship of two souls before metempsychosis made one beast and one human. She was Diana ; the horse's name was " Satan." Diana loved Satan and Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of them loved any other living thing, and it was a certainty that no other living thing loved either of them. Diana pulled the rein and Satan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. They looked like a ebony-statued Centaur. Before them the sun was setting— sinking, sliding down a little and a little into the f uthermost edge of the plain. So sulfy and red and so close to the dead grass it seemed it must set it afire. Behind them the bine, snow-lined wall of the Sierras reached up to the clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red snn-rays until its many- league -crystal bosom seemed struck by some sudden transforming force of nature, and each single drop of water changed to diamond. The ebony Centaur let its foot slowly to the ground ; it took off its slouched hat, its fcur eyes looked straight into the west, J A lizard Bcampered away, rustling the dry grass with its scaly legs, a squirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up on its haunches, with eyes standing inquir ingly up ; its meek, surprised eyes stared as straight aL the Centaur as those of the Cen taur stared into the west. For all other sign of animated existence on the plains these might have been all that in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, und wider, and deeper-tinted spread its glow ; the glory in the west and the gray in the east touched edges at the zenith. High over the dimple- glittered, glisten ing, diamond-bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of white-fieeced clouds, in silver and crimson and opal and gold, that rose and towered and toppied over into a smoke- girthed amber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down to the earth and spread over the hot ground and the brown dead clover. It crept to the feet of the Centaur, and over its black glossy hide, aud stole into the face of the woman. The scorn, the defiance faded out of it, the hard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul, and lighted her features with the pureness of the virtue that has chastened itself in the smelting furnace of sin. The Centaur was transfigured. A broad-branched oak — the only tree for miles around— stood near ; a man, followed by a sheep-dog, stepped from behind. He made no noise and was not seen. He was sun-burned, and unshorn, and roughly gar mented. There was an odd twitching of the muscles about his mouth, and as he watched the process of transformation in the woman's face, its spirit leaped into his own. Without any conscious volition be reached forth his hands and cried oat, " Diana." Was it the reflection of the sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did she hear? She touched the rein and Satan bounded forward, the ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It was again the splendid, scornful, defiant creature, bating humanity and smiting the earth with con temptuous feet. The man with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, then walked slowly away, taking an opposite direc tion. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as be approached the door of the enigmati cal construction burlesqued with the name of " House." " See, Bill, will ye, looks like he was walk- in' home in the shadder of his coffin, and Shep sneaks along like he'd been a-stealin' sheep." The man, to whom the words were ad dressed, looked out, then dropped his eyes and answered in a lower tone and softer voice than the other : " Don't joke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one of hiB bad ways. I wouldn't won der if he'd seen that woman again. It's enough to make one think she's a ghost haunting him the way he looks after he's seen her," " Ha'nt be dogoned ; I'd like to have such a solid f antasmagory a ha'ntin' me. u Stop — he'll hear you." The one who spoke last got up and walked out at the back door to stop the talk of the other. " Well, I'll be golled ; if I was as thin- skinned abont other people's feelin'B as some people, I'd get me a patent outside," mat tered Brassy. -The cause of the remarks Beated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood-pile in the yard, took out his pocketknife and com menced whittling. "Shore sign," growled Brassy, looking out as he passed back and forth, cooking supper ; " alluz whittles when he's got 'em. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for bein' cuticularously tough, but then them moods, an' tenies, an' them fine-haired feel- in's helps a fellow out of lots of cookin'. Who could ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or expect a youngster with the brine so close to his eyelids to bile mnrphys? Say, Bill, what makes yon so down in the mouth? Seen a ghost or anything?" Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. "Yes, I've seen a ghost. Supper ready ?" " No, but I've got her ona-bilin'," cheerily answered Brassy. He was a very home-made philosopher, and Archimedes wonld most likely have re jected the mathematics of the soliloquy which he indulged in. «« Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a bard thing to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary one of which ever recollected that grab hez to be cooked, and nary one of which ever forgits to feel the symptoms of approach- in' meal time. But which ever side you git on, grub'B in the middle, therefore splicin' two and two, and makin it versus a unknown quality which is grub, I find by those figger- in' that grab is the syntax of life, an' the resnlt of the calkerlation is Brassy hez to cook it." Brassy had to talk. If he bad not anyone else to talk to he talked to himself. They were a diversified three that sat down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against the wall. Moody, reserved Bill, child hearted Dainty, who had been zechristened thus by by Brassy because of his slightness of stature and fastidious ways, and the irrepres sible, philosophical, good-natured Brassy, who talked when he should have said noth ing, and said nothing when he should have talked, and always hit in the wrong place. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on that territory of range whose boundary line was marked by its vast loneaomeness. But in a climate where the squirrel, the owl, and the rattle snake dwelt peacefully in the same abode, even these three might har monise. The moon was fall, and the men sat out side of the cabin, two of them 'taking their after-supper smoke. The mysterious calm of the breezeless night had put upon them its spell of silence. Bill sat with bowed head, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove-wood, and Dainty held a cigarette carelessly be tween his thnmb and forefinger, and blew contented little puffs of smoke away from bis mouth. Brassy tugged and puffed at an old pipe, and watched Bill from under the rim of his hat. " Bill," said he, " yon ought to smoke ; it'd be a mighty comfort to you, an' save a heap 0' good stove-wood." Bill's only notice of the remark was to shift ends of the stick and whittle vigor ously. Dainty moved uneasily and gave Brassy a warning glance ; but- do warning glance ever could catch Brassy's understand ing. He always maintained it was against his principles to take bints. " Yes, smokin' is the most continuous com- fortin' amusement I know of ; nothin' like it to put a man in good sperrits, onless it's puttin' good sperries in a man ; an' stove- wood in this country is mighty hard to get. Yes, Bill, you ought to take to smokin'. It's palaces, an' diamonds, an' 'Rabian steeds to the pore man. Course they got up in smoke, but they're his while they're goin . If you're hungry, it's a sort of soothment to the place 't's achin' for victuals. If you're alone in a fcowlia' wilderness it's wife, shildxen, and friends — they go up in smoke, too, but yea have 'em while they're goin' ; an it k epa the female sect from ha'ntin' a lonesome bache lor." He looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward Bill. Daiuty pokered his brows into a moat speaking frown and asked, " Brassy, do you know why you are not like juj old kinte ?" " Dunno, 'less it's 'cause the knife shuts up sometimes. Yes, there's most always some difference between jpeopie aud old knives ; now, there's Biil " Dainty jumped up and threw away his cigarette. ' Boys," said he, " let's take the dogs over to the river and tree a wild eat." Brassy pocketed his pipe immediately. "Right, me lord, I'm youra when it's wild cats you talk. An' if Bill wants to go, the triumvirate s agteed ; if he don't ' He may sigh to the winds, to the God dess Diana, But his days they will end on the isle of St. Helena.' " He sang the lines of the old-fashioned, long-out- of-date song in a most unmusical voice, and it might have been the melody that made Bill start so suddenly that he overturned the stool on which he sat ; it might have been the moonlight that made - him pale. Dainty hastened to interpose, with the suggestion that if they were going they had better start. He could not havt told why he thought Brassy's insinuating nonsense would give pain to Bill, or in what manner it could pain him ; he was one of those peculiar natures that know nameless things by intuition. He did not care fox wild cat hunting, but knew prowling about in the river bottom, trying to scare up " varmints," was one of Brassy's weaknesses. Beside, there were few diversions to break the monotony of the sheep-herders'existence, even though there were three of them, and they herded their own flocks and rode their own horses. It has been Baid jocularly of sheep-herd ing, " It takes but three months to turn ths strongest biain." The saying had a good foundation, mors especially if the time were summer. Think of a human being, endowed with the attri butes of divinity, set down on those vast plainB to follow, day after day, a thousand head of bleating sheep— sheep are always bleating; day after day to see the sun rise, red and sultry, to shine all day through m cloudlesB, changeless sky on a changeless, brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, and Bink out of sight, red and sultry, at eve. To hear, night after night, the west wind- always tue weBt wind— blowing its dreary music, and the howl of the prowiing coyute. night after night the same sounds, day after day the same scenes, his companionship the lizzard auu the horned-toad— always follow ing round and round that thousand head of bleating sheep The moon was high up in the Bky when they reached the timber of the river, which was about three miles from their camp. ,, " Boys," again said Dainty, " I'm somehow sorry I asked yon to come to-night ; I feel like something was going to happen, and that we ought to get out of here as quick as , - 1 we can. " Oh, gosh, Dainty, your feelin's is -too close to the atmosphere. What you s'poss could happen? Think Goaquin Marietta er Three-fingered Jack's a luxuriatin' in ths shadders of the underbrush, scented our money-pockets an' layin fur us, as it were?" Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous, and Dainty said no more of his undefined fear. An hoar, two hours, three, of tramping, and not a wild cat was amiable enongh to tree and be killed, much to Brassy's dis- - gust. Tired out, they started home. " Listen, don,t you hear a curious sound ?" said Dainty. All of them stopped and listened, but only for a moment. " Merciful God 1" shouted Brassy, "run for your lives, it's the river overflowed I" x They sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and briars, and many stumblings. " If we could only get to the slough fust," p anted Brassy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall of water higher than their heads was rolling down with terrible swiftness upon them. Tha water from the river overtook them and lapped around their feet and up to their waists. It was useless now to try to reach the slough, impossible to cross it if they could, that crackling muffled roar was too near. They were between two floods ; it was a moment to act without deciding. With one accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty and hoistedhim into the forks of a large sapling, by the side of which they . stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute later they were in the midst o! a - >--,1. mile- wide waste of fast- rising water. Be hind them was the terrible, swift, rolling river, whose head was in the heart of the eternal snows ; before them the slough, over which they had walked dry-footed three hours before, rolled another river, swift- flowing, muddy, ice-cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into the chilling water, and shook and shivered to its topmost twig .when some floating object lodged against it. Higher rose the flood and swathed their soaked garments about them ; it was so cold — so cold clinging; and the night so balmy and warm, and the moonlight so soft and so beautiful. " Partners," said Brassy, " I reckon we're euchered this time." " Looks like it," responded Bill, " and I'm quite willing." " Well, then, you're the fust man I ever saw that was ready for rain. Course we'd hev to swing out some day, an, drownin', they say, is a easy death ; but to be urownded like a parsel of treed squirrels disagrees with me. 1 might 'a' knowed these hot days, 't's cooked the grass dry enough to make yeast powders, 'd melt the snow an' bring down a llood. Yes, I've lived nigh the river long euougii to be a-lookin' out fer a thing like tfiis. An' I deserve a soakin' fer bein soon- thoughted, bat I don't like to be drownded like a miserable squir'l." (to be continued) 