WARRENHE[?]P CONSTITUENCY. TO THE EDITOR. -Yours, &c.;, PEEP O’ DAY. SIR, —I would not have troubled you with one word against “Austral,” who, to give him his due, has written sensibly, if he had joined the Natives in opposing “Justice.” “ Austral” is, however, a little too rough ou some of us- As he appears to be a geutle man who has read somewhat, I would like to remiud him of the advice Norfolk gave to Buckingham, “ Heat not a furnace for your foe so hot that it do singe yourself.” It is evident that “ Austral” is a warm customer, and it is as well, perhaps, to be ou good terms with him; but as for the other, the three shark man, if, Sir, you do not stop me, I mean to go for straight. Our wise Eastern “ Justice” saved a whole shilling by not going to sec “Human Nature” at tile Academy of Music; he remained at home to amuse himself with the farce of three sharks after one man. You, Sir, from behind the scenes, must often enjoy a hearty laugh at some of us when you dis cover what precious humbugs we are. Here we are, “Justice” and I, like a couple of Paul Ply’s, hoping we don’t intrude, yet at the same-time thrusting our noses into a con stituency where neither of us have the ghost of a vote;: and the best of the fun is, one of us is an. Englishman, who never spoke 20 words in his life to his jirottye, and the other is—well,. “Justice” says, a shark, who never itu his life saw Mr Murphy at all, at all. Our wise Eastern “ Justice” is an un wise judge; he mixes justice with sneaks and sharks too muchly. Let me advise him to imitate- his chum “Austral,” and put less gall- in- his' ink'. Now, Sir, after all the yabher you have allowed us to indulge in, can anyone tell you what Mr Murphy has done for his sugar—l beg pardou, for his constituents. He has, I understand from “-Justice,” assisted in emptying that pro ductive granary of Victoria by transferring some of its coutents to hi3t breeches pocket. Perhaps- “ Justice” can tell you more of tha exploits of his protege;. 5 cannot; but I caa tell voa what Mr Murphy has not dona. Night after night that; gentleman might as well save been at Hpng Kong instead, of lounging on the soft cushions in the National talking shop. He nsver at any time ren dered the least assistance to our western patriots, Jones ur.di Yule, in the erection of airy of their stonewalls; quite the contrary. \ir Murphy sometimes really opposod the patriotic endeavors of those honorable mem bers, who honestly strove to prevent Gillies, Sc., from ruining our credit by flinging public money 'all oveo the colony in the shape of bribes to farmers and shire councils. While theGovcrumont were thus recklessly attempt ing to squander our resources, Mr Murphy never oneo- spoke agaiust them; lie coolly allowed our western patriots, time after time, to fruitlessly fight against fearful od&. Legislator Murphy lolled back in his com fortable seat and smiled, positively smiled at the frantic efforts of our western heroes to maintain their stonewall blockade against Messrs Gillies,;Deakiu and the party. Mr Murphy cannot plead ignorance of the mis deeds of the present Government, for Bent, Gaunson, Jones'and Vale have exposed their flagrant misgovcriiment so often and so.long that’even our gutter Arabs can explain the meaning of Gaunsouism.. On one occasion in particular Mr Murphy was neglectful of his duty to his constituents. Messrs Bent, Jones and a few others were desirous of providing homes for the poor of Melbourne. ’ They urged the Government to either sell, or lease or giro away the North Melbourne swamp, so that lGcould be improved and out up iuto small lo}» for poor working men: If. allowed, Alesers : Bent and Jones would have.relieved the Government of all trouble in looking after that eyesore; not only so, those patriotic gentlemen would have so improved the swamp ns to add euor rnously to the wealth of the colony. Some people would say those honorable gentlemen deserve the thanks of all well-wishers of themselves; and, Sir, I think so too. But did the Government think so’ Not they. The Hon. Duncan Gillies raised a row in the House by* mnttering something about syndicates,- and refused point blank to part with the swamp. Some of your readers may ask what assistance Mr Murphy gave Meisrs Bent and Jones-iu their laudable attempt So provide homes for the people. It was jues this. A friend afterwards met him down East. “I say, i\lr Murphy, • why didn’t you join the swim- in the swamp?” Mr Murphy coofly placed ids- forefinger perpen dicularly along his nose and said, “ Not if I know it.” For this one act alone, Sir, .\\] r Murphy deserves to be Sung overboard. The sharks would then have a show.. ’ 