Chaitei; XLIX.—The Wages of Love. .Before they separated Sue asked her father a laughing question. "And what have you been doing ail the time ? I have been giving you a full account of our adventures, but you have told U3 nothing." "There is nothing to tell," he answered. ^ They were dawdling in the hall, lighting bedroom candles ; as the yellow flame raged upward over his face she noticed that he was a little greyer, but otherwise alert and bright and handsome as 6ver. "Constance and I have been standing stock Btill simply " " Haven't you done anything?" *' Not a mortal thing We didn't want to." " Fancy, two people doing nothing for two whole years !" exclaimed Constance, who was drooping on his arm, looking rather white and weary, though Bmiling still. " Oh, Dick, it's dreadful; we ought to be ashamed of ourselves." "It seems to me," said Sae, " that though we've talked so much about pay ing back, we've done nothing but run into debt the whole time. There is nob one of us that has earned his salt, so far. Noel dear, now that we are home again we must bestir ourselves, and set these idle people an example." " She has done her work," said Richard, covering with hia own his wife's beautiful hand, which looked very white and slender on his coat sleeve. " i'd like to have as good a record to show. And she shall do no more. She wants to rest now, and she has honestly earned her rest." "But you haven't." " Perhaps not. Bat I am going to take it, because if I don't rest she won't. I can't be bothered with your schemes, Sukey, You must work them by your self " "But I haven't the money for my schemes. You have. All that money lies on my mind, father—when you think what it might do !" " Take it, then, and do what you like with it." " Ob, no ; it is youre, and the respon sibility is yours " " Well, go to bed, old girl—go and talk about it to Noel. Here's ConBtance looking as white as a ghost—she's had a heavy day of it, and she must go and settle to sleep as quickly as possible. Good night, child, good night. It's good to have you back again But you mustn't be too severe on us poor old folks, who have never had a real holiday till now." "When her father had kissed her with all the old loverlike warmth, Constance followed with a maternal embrace that was not less cordially responded to. "You see how it Is," said the elder woman. " You will have to pay back for him as well as for yourself. Remember It when the time comes and the money and everything !b yours—that he left liabilities behind him; and be his stewardess and deputy, and discharge them in his name." She said it lightly, with a smile; bat her stepdaughter understood that she meant it very seriously, and answered her with another close and silent kiss. Then they said goodnight all round and separated .Sue climbed the stairs with a lagging step, hanging to her husband's arm, and Constance was conducted to her spacious ground floor chamber by her in separable companion, who was still the only maid she had or wanted. As for poor Annie—if we look facts plainly in the face, a proceeding quite con trary to civilised custom, the place that had known her literally knew her no more. Her 25 years of domestic'1 sove reignty Bimply went for nothing. 'What else could be expected In the case of a husband who had regarded himself as her captured bond slave from the first, aud In the case of a child who had taken the part of that conventionally nnfaitbfal spouse againBt her ? In her lifetime she had bad but the letter of their allegiance, and not the livlDg spirit; and now that she had been a few years dead, though they kindly and tenderly remembered her from time to time, they did notmoum fir her any more. This to the general reader will prove, not that Annie was in fault, but that the had a bad husband and a bad child ; and indeed no excuse is offered for them, except that they are here set down as they really were, and not as they ap peared or as they ought to have been— which is a cruel process to which we are never subjected in the world of real life, and which therefore does them a certain injustice. In the world of real life a legal mother who conforms to rule is never allowed to ha judged on her intrinsic merits, never required to reap what ehe has sown, like the poor folks who are not hedged with the divinity of a like status. She Is to be revered by • her intelligent grown up family, whether ehe be hard or tender, selfish or unselfish, noble or ignoble ; and if they don't revere her they are never to own it, even to themselves. This is all right, of course — everybody feels it so—but at the same time It is not quite sincere or natural ; and Sue, like her father, was terribly prone to lean to nature rather than to the supreme authority which regulates our affair?. Faith was once defined by a HindooChriatiaa convertto his missionary teacher as " believing what you know to be untrue and the people who can perform that feat can, no do abb, love those who they know they cannot love ; bat out two poor friends were morally too simple and clamsy to do either. And it is still a question whether, in the general process of examination and judg ment to which all our institutions are being brought, the conventional mother may not have to justify her claim to filial duty and honor which she has done iitcle or nothing to deserve. At any rate the melancholy fact remains that Sue did not miss her mother very much, and had no sense at all of wanting her. She went to bed feeling as hajjpy as she had recklessly described herself wiien her father warned her that she was tempting fate, bnb she was much mors fatigued than she BupposBd or allowed, and inclined to be wakeful and restless. Her bedroom arrangements, devised by the thoughtful Btepmother, were such as to make sleep easy even on a Sydney midsummer night Four brass poles fastened to the hoo held a ganzy canopy about 12 feet square over her head, and from the light rods connecting them hnng the airiest film o' mosquito curtain, enclosing her as in akrg-; transparent tent Within this she reposed in Bpacioua comfort, with that room to breathe which she always needed for body and sonl alike, and without the windows stood wide open to the night breeze. She could see the moonlight on the water as she lay, without Iiftiag her head fromthe pillow—3he could feel the wandering airs that came up from the sea —through the light veil that protected her from the tormentors. After the cramped quarters she had occupied in ships and trains the space and softness and delicate purity all about her were delicious. She talked to her huBband for a long time, in spite of his gentle remonstrances, until the sound of his breathing indicated that he could no longer take part in conver sation. Then Bhe looked at the harbor lights, watched the revolutions of the South Head beacon, thought about her schemes, little and big, how she and Noel could begin to pay back for "value received" during the last two years, and where she should look for a monthly nurse, and so on, and instead of growing drowsy as the night wore on, became more acutely wide awake and active minded every moment. Her ad mirable nervous system was a little strained by the excitements of the day following upon a long railway journey. Towards 3 o'clock In the morning, when feeling the first symptoms of approaching slumber, she was Btartled by the sound of a banging door downstairs, a hurry of feet, a bell ringing loudiy, and her father's voice calling to somebody in a voice that made her heart standstill. She knew in a moment what that wild shout meant, ringing through the silent house in the dead of night; only one cause could account for it. Springing to a sitting poBtnre, she shook her husband violently, and, as the cry was .rapidly repeated, he too heard it, and came to full consciousness of its meaning with a bound. "Bun, Noel, run. Constance is ill, and father Is calling us," she cried, and she got out of bed and groped tremblingly for the candle. He promptly put her back again and implored her, if Bhe loved him, to stay there—not to come downstairs unless he sent forher. Then he snatched at his dress ing-gown and raD, as Bhe bade him, closing her chamber door behind him. He wa3 almost overpoweringly tempted to turn the key, but did not, knowing the useless ness of brute force to prevent her from injuring herself if persuasion would not do it. He could excuse Richard for nob thinking of his daughter when ha made that terrifying noise, but It was natural that his own first anxiety should be on her account, lest the rude shock should upset her. Of course Sue found it impossible to obey him. When she was left alone she lit the candle at the little table that stood within the gauze tent, and put on her slip pers and dreBBing-gown, her heart thump ing, her hands Bhaking, her ears strained to catch every sound downstairs. The whole house seemed alive in half a minute. The servants were calling to one another and running hither and thither; the front door banged and the front gate ; all the signs of a dreadful catastrophe were audible. She felt it would be maddening. to remain alone and idle when she might be of more use than anybody, and that at any rate she musb learn the worst. So she blew oub the candle, lifted the tent curtain, and by the light of the moon made her way downstairs, where gas was fiaring In all directions. The door of her stepmother's room was open and all the windows thrown up. At the further end, in the reces3 of a large window that overlooked the bay, was a little group of four people—her father, Noel, Hannah, and poor Constance, who was fighting through the last hard two minutes of her life, trying to breathe, while something clutched at her breast and strangled her. She was sitting in a large arm-chair, just as she . had been lifted from her bad, gasping for air, but otherwise making no sound, while her husband held her up in his arms, and howled—no other word ceuid describe the noise he made—howled like a wild beast tortured, nob loudly, but with a concentrated force of savage anguish that was indescribably dreadfal. . He was trying to get her to drink some brandy—a supply of which he always kept in a cupboard near her bad— while Noel held the glass and Hannah wildlv flourished a bottle of smelling salts ; all their efforts being obviously futile. The poor woman was past help; she could neither Bpeak nor swallow. She looked up at her husband with a pathetic help lessness and consciousness of their mutual agony, and he clasped her and cried over her with that terrible howling cry as if he, and not she, were in the throes of a cruel death. It wsb a scene that haunted Sue for many a long day, like a frightful nightmare, " But it was only for a minute. As she ran through the long room towards them,, Noel and Hannah calling to her to go back, Bhe saw the end of the struggle. Constance lifted her arms to her faithful mate—a sudden, desperate sort of gesture —and he caught her up bodily, carried her a step or two, rocking her as he went, as one sees a mother rock a child in a paroxysm of pain, and thenlaid her onasofa — that sofa which he had had made on purpose for her, to be better than all other Bofas—where she had lain in the afternoon, and prophesied that she was going to be a tough old woman after all. As he laid her down she gently sank out of his arms, sank back upon the pillows, limp and Btill; her delicate head rolled a little to one side, and there rested as if she slept; her pretty hands fell open, palm uppermost. They smoothed her white gown over her placid form, and Richard, looking at her, ceased to ho wl, for he Baw that she had ceased to suffer. # It was not yet daylight when the doctors, who had come too late, were shown out of the house. Mr. Delavel spoke to them quietly and rationally, and thanked them for the useless efforts they had made to reverse the decree of fate ; then he desired the servants to return to bed, kissed his daughter, and went back to his dead companion, locking the door behind him. "Now, come upstairs," said Noel to his wife wearily. "We can do more for him." "Anddon't come down again,"added Hannah, "for it'll do youharmanddo him no good. As for comforting him, you'd comfort him about as much a3 that fly buzzing round that candle. He'll stay there with her till the last minute, aud he won't want anybody else. It's my belief he won't let ua lay a finger on her now she's dead any more than he would when she was living. Ah, dear me, it was only yesterday that I wanted to brash . her hair, and he wouldn't let He said I he liked to brmh it for her himself. WeiJ, I don't know what* he'll do, I'm Bare." " It will kill him," said Sue. (To be continual,) 