THE DIAMOND OGTEBTE. BY IiA WHENCE LYNCH. CHAPTEE XL. 'too young to die.' Over days, filled with weary waiting and marked by few incidents and no discoveries, we pa98 with one glance. Clifford Heath's trial follows close upon his indictment. A month rolls away, ond with the first days of: winter comes the assembling of judge and jury, and his case is the firat one called. During the weeks that have intervened be ween nis. srreBt auu iuiu uuy ui ma inm, \juu btance kas been hia bravest champion and truest Mend ; she has stimulated him to hope, and incited him to courage, with loving, cheer ful words, while clinging desperately to a last remnant oS: hep own sinking hope. Day by day, during all tbia time, the ancient gig driven by Doctor Benoit, deposited tact gentleman before the doors of Mapleton. Sybil's delirium had ended in a slow, wearisome fever, which had left her, as the first froota of winter touched the land, o white, emaciated shadow of her former self, hog reason restored, but her memory Badly deficient. She had forgotten that dark phase of her life in which John Burrill had played so sinister a part, and fancied herself back in the old days when her heart was light and her life unfet tered. She had dropped a year out of that life, but memory would come back with strength, the doctor said ; and Mrs. Lnmotte dreaded the days wbon that memory should bring to her daughter's brow o shadow never to be lifted ; into her life a ghost aever to be laid. Evan, too, had narrowly eocBped death at the hands of his rum demons; after four weeks filled with all the horrors attendant upon the drunkard's delirium, he came to his senses, hollow- cheeked, sunken-eyed, emaciated; with his breath coming in quick, short gasps, and the days of his life numbered. Brandy had devoured his vitals ; late hours and protracted orgies had sapped his strength ; constant exposure in all weather and at oil hours had done its work upon his lungs. ' If he outlasts the winter, he will die in the spring.' This was the doctor's ultimatum. ISTews from the outside world was strictly chut out from those sick ones, The name of John Burrill never was_ breathed iu their pre sence, and both were ignorant of the fact that Clifford Heath, an old-time favourite with each, was on trial for his life. The morning that saw Clifford Heath quit his cell to take his place in the felon's dock and answer to the charge of murder saw Sybil Lamotte lying on a soft divan, before a merry winter fire. It was the fii'st time since her illness that she had quitted her bed. And Evan, ' too, for the first time in many weeks, enmo with feeble, halting steps to his sister's room, and sitting near her, scanned her wasted features with wistful intentness. 'Poor sis!' he murmured, stroking her hand softly. ' We've had a pretty hard pull, you and I, but we're coming out famously.' And then he added to himself. ' Mere' a the pity, so far as I am concerned.' 'What made you ill, Evan?' she whispered feebly. ' Was it worrying about me.' A bright flush leaped to hio cheeks and burned there hotly. ' Yes, it was about yon, sis. But you will soon bo as well and happy cs eve?, won't you P' anxiously. ' To be sui'o, Evan ; wo will both get well very fast. We hnvo so much to live for, and we are too young to die,' CHAPTEE SLI. GIE CLIFFORD HEATHEECLIFFE. It is, tho opening biour of Clifford Heath's trial. The eotirfc-i'oom is ciwdod to its utraoot ca pacity ; nevor linn there occurred q trial there bo intonsoly interesting to all W- — -. Tho prisoner is a little paler, a little graver than liin ordinary self. But io his ordinary self in ovary other voopoct ; an proud of bearing, as coif-possessed, as handoomo and distingue an OVfll'. Bosicla 'him nifa Mr. O'Menrn, alone. Mi5. Woch'on, nftor Jill hin labour and hin noeming intovoet, in unaccountably absent ; unaccount ably, at least, so far as tho opposition, the prisoner, tho judge, jury and all the spectators are concerned. Mr. O'Meara seoms not at all disturbed by his absence, and evidently under stands all about it. ITear the prisoner sits a man who causes a buzz of inquiry to 2un through the entire audience. He is tell, fair-haired, handsome; tho car riage of his head, the haughtiness of his bearing, remind more than one present of Clifford Hoath an they first knew him. He is a stranger to all W ? , and ' who is he ? Who is he ?' l'uqs from lip to lip. The stranger ia seemingly oblivious of the at tention lavished upon him ; he bends forward at times, and whispers a word to the prisoner or hid counsel, and ho turns occasionally to mur mur something in the ear of Constance Wardour, who sits beside him, grave, stately, calm. She is accompanied by Mrs. Aliston and Mrs. O'Meara, and Eay Vandyck sits beside the latter lady, and completes the party. Mr. Lamoite is there, subdued, yet affable ; and Frank, too, who is paler than usual, but quite self-possessed. Near the party above mentioned may be seen the two city physici-ins, but — and here is another cause for wonderment— Dr, Benoit is not pre sent ; and who ever knew tho good doctor to miss an occasion like this P ' Business must he urgent when it keeps Dr. Benoit away from such a trial,' whispers one gossip to another, and the second endorses the opinion of the first. Sitting there, seanniog that audienoe with a seemingly eavelass glance, Constance feels her heart sink like lead in hep booom. She feels, she knows, that already in the minda of most, her lover ia a condemned man. She knowa that the weight of evidence is against him. They have a defence, it is truo, but nothing will overthrow the fact that John Buri'ill went (straight to the houao of the prisoner, end was found dead hard by. . All along she has hoped, she knew nofc what, from Bathurst. But since he returned Sybil's note in no strange and abrupt a manner, she has had no word o? sign from him, aud now uhe doubts him, she distrusts everything. But, little by little, day by dsy., nhe has been schooling her heart to face one last desperate alternative. Her lover shall be saved. Lat the trial go on. Let the worst come. Let the £atal verdict be pronounced, if it must ; after that, perioh the Wardous? honour. What if she must trample the heart out of a mother's breast? What if she must flinc; into the breach the life of a blighted, wronged, helpless, perhaps dying sister woman ! Hardening her heart, crushing down her pride, she muttored desperately on this last day of doubt and suspence. 1 Let thorn all go. Let the verdict bo what it may, Clifford Heath shall not suffer a felon's doom !' Then she had nerved herself to calmness aad gone to face the inevitable. 'Prisoner at the bar, are you guilty or not guilty. The reading of the indictment has turned all eyes upon the prisoner's face. He stands erect, his head haughtily poised, his clear, dark eyes fixed fully upon the judge. ' I am not guilty, your honour.' A murmur runs through the courthouse. The stranger bends to whisper to Constance. The trial proceeds. Once again all the evidence brought forward at the inquest is repeated~3woi'n to— dilated upon. Once again it presses the scales dowD, down, down, and the chanees aoi? tho prisoner hang light in the balance, One thing puzzles tho prosecuting attorney* and troubles the mind of Jasper Lamotte. (To la continued.') 