ttoveltet* The Ghost of Oak Crag. I {Concluded.) &Y; ESTHER SBBLE KENNETH. ? ii m ft m ? i For a moment she thought it some wandering vagabond who had sought ?belter thero. Then she caught eight of a hand, white and shapely, hanging nervelessly from the aide of the bench, aod the knew she waa mistaken. At first she waa undecided what to do. Then with a audden thought she went for ward and apoko to the proatrate figure. " Are you ill 1 Why are you here ?" The man had heard her step, and as ahe commenced speaking, ho looked up, ?sowing a face which seemed familiar to her, though sho did not recognise it. It was a dark, bearded, handaome face, very pale nnd haggard. Tho figure was ahrouded in a cloak, but the drees about tho breast Boemed very much disordered, sad she caught a glimpse of bloody linen. " Aro you hurt 1" she aakcd. He did not nnswor for a moment, or attempt to rise, but lay looking at her with two mournful, hollow eyes. " Who are you ?" he aaid at last. " I am Emma Lamar. I live here. If you are hurt, come into tho house, and lot mc do what I can for you." He raised bimaolf on his elbow, feebly gathering the cloak over hia breast. I doa't know whether I am going to die or not," ho aaid. ? I'm aiok, and I've a cut herein my breast. If I could bo taken caro of, I might live ; but I think its hardly worth white. No, I think I will he hero,' ho added, sinking down on tho seat again. i Emma thought he waa delirious. Sho went nearer and looked down into hia ?udden, swift aWovery camo to her. It Zn„,- ma .l! theyhad found apparently 3?* ""to" northwest chamber. Ho put out his hand aa he suddenly opened to eyes and saw hor bonding above "t'n.fll 611 yo ? who l am '" he aaid,. h.S m?y , hu y mo ia family burring ground-Rick Meadows, Major KT , -. I S , eo ¥?>" with a faint, bitter sm.lo, showing his offloor's dreaa. I ttjak I il bo comfortably dead by morn- Pinma U ?SE" I ??' Bta y here '" '5 Wltl - swift energy. "You ;"H freeze to death. Rouse up, I beg ; ?Z,£? k - You mUBt 8? t0 th ? Her energy seemed to rouae him. v Who is there?" ho asked. Ao one; will you come?" " l eet S anfo l ne.'' no ? ne ' l doa ' fc want to "You will not." thXouse! tated a m ? menfc - ,00kin 8 U P t0 hi a?* got npon hii feot - n tall, gawhSi gUt6 ~ and iook thearm Emma ha'Z,.^ 6 !? 80 . 0 " 1 '" he muttered, aa ffi h ? threshold, and suddenly fell ?enaolesa upon the floor. hor 6Ver know how Bhe g ot him into SLTSi and - u ? on the t> ed - Wben ?i iV i- enfMd ' Bh ? BBid ? *WnkSt e thom? WftB heaVy * but Ididnot kb^'i! 10 } ?* protection for this doso tad ftd 'Wddenly .seized upon hor; whn'm t tho , etl ?-oatness of ono to sv.iS-,1 .P a S Bi ?M came, she forgot werythlng m her absorbing efforts for nureateration. That he was emaciated, that hlv ?ho discovered; and whL , ad \ dee ? out ? the broaat, t£jj? clotted with gore, no longer Bh*^ Woon i wafl £ ?Bhtfully long, but, toi wl^? 0, ? d J c S e?k ' Bhe ?w him f ?? d haJjft* jUd P"? ri B htl y that ho "aa tSrSS-l I no "??-?mt. As coon as ho lin ,heBaid: tall5? n n et Ba y one kno ' v I'mhere. I'll wn^?_ boa t?*y Bolfto - mo ? <J w. Thank 'EtfW? Undno?S J X thbk ni ?? to Then with a long sigh he closed his oyes and fell asleep as lightly ob a child. Hearing her brother coming, Emma hastily left the room and closed tho door. Westerly flung himself heavily into a chair, and said : " Hurry up supper, Em ; I havo got to go to town to-night." Ho evidently expected that she would expostulate, and was surprised at her silence ; but, hastily swallowing his sup per, ho took himself off. Sho went baok to her room. The stronger was awake, and put out his hand. ? " Come here, please. Tell mc whose voice I heard." "My brother's." " What is his name I" "Westerly Lamar." "Is he young, broad-shouldered, low browed, dark V "Ye ? ." " I thought I knew the voice," he said. " I'm so tired 1" He spoke with a weariness that was not all weariness of the body. " Can you tell mc about yourself now?" " There iB no nood ; yet I trust you, if you like to hear a disagreeable etory. I'm a bad fellow—not a man for a girl like you to pity and help j yet I thank you all the more for what you havo done for mo. Do you remember mc as Eick Meadows 1' ",No." "You were probably a ohild when I went away from here, a boy. My father died, and I went into the army. I got a taint there which made mc more wild and reckless than I was naturally. I learned to drink and gamble. When tho war was over I came back to the oity where I was born, but I had no home, no restraining influence _ for a turbulent nature ond loose habits ; and for years my life was a whirl of advontures and dangers. There were times when I grew heart-sick with myself, for I am not naturally a brute; but I spent my youth wastefully, and middle life found mc wedded to bad habits, dissipated and immersed in 1 variousdifflcultios. Among other things I was in debt; for I had wasted my shore of my father's property. All this must sound to you entirely base and without oxcuse. In one sonso it was so. One day, about a year ago, I was i threatened by a creditor; and tortured by my consoienco—for the man was poor I and needed the money—l forged my brother's nnmo to a note, satisfying my self with the thought that I would re deom the note before it was due, and never repeat so dangerous an act. But before the note was due I was taken ill, and remained so for months. I was not recovered until a few weeks of the pay ment, and sick-room meditations ren dered mc quite frantio. "I had abandoned gambling, but 1 turned to it again, hoping luck would release mc from my difficulties. I was not fortunate; the more I played the more I lost; and, utterly penniless, with a felon's fate starmg mc in the face, I resorted to a deception I had learned while in the army. I played with your brother, won all his money, when he suspected mc, and, in a passion, sought my life. I escaped in tho crowd which tho excitement called up, and, passing a depot, flung myself into tho cars, only dosirlous of leaving the city. But I found that I waa en route for Lennox, and re solved to hide myself here until I know what better to do. The night before lust I came here, swung myself on the grape vino trellis to tho porch window, which was unfa?toned, let myself into the house, and wandered aboufc,nover dream ing there was anyone here. I could not sleep, and, after pacing the floor for a while, I came down into tho garden. This room my old nurse used to sleep in, and some sorrowful memory led mc to tho window. I was astonished to soe you, and, finding that the house was in part occupied, I thought it unsafe for mc to stay, and left it. I wandered around tho village all day, unrecognised by the people who used to know mc well. At night I took a fancy to como back to the Crag, believing that I should meet no one so late ; but, as soon aa I shut myself in the close room, a spasm of suffocating pain seized mo, and, with tho instinctive fear of death, I rung the boll. Though my body grew rigid and my eyes remained olosed, I was consoious of your entering the room, and of all that passed in my prosence. Whon your brother drew that keen blado down ray breast I was pain fully awaro of it, yet could make, no sign until tho blood suddenly started. He had left the room. Springing suddenly into life, I staggered to my feet, clutched my cloak ovor my bleeding breast, and let myself down from the window, closing it behind mc in my oxoiteraent and sickly terror, fearing pursuit. I staggered down tho garden path, and fell fainting upon tho seat of tho summer-houso where you found mo. I had lain there all day. To night I Bhould have died if you had not boen so good a friend. And yet death would hnvo been a bettor -friend, Miss Lamar. You cannot concievo of my utter wretehednoss and undosiro to live." "But, Major Meadows, if you could live to redeora yourself—" " I cannot. A felon's cell is my only prospect iv lifo I " How much money s required to meet tho note's demand ?" " Fivo hundred dollars." It was more money than Emma Lamar hud over possessed in hor wholo life j yot sho sat silent, trying to think how it could be gainod. Major Moadows lay looking in surpriso at tho grave beauty of hor quiet face. "Tell mo truly, shall I trust you?" she j said at last. " In what manner ?" "If I got this money for you, will you return it nt a given tune 1" "I will." "I must borrow it, giving my good name as security. If Ido thi?, will you return it in ono yoar?" "I will." . ~ . She looked sto idily into his face. It was sot in oarnost moaning, and sho believed him. " I tru?t you. I will got tho money to night. And, Major Meadows, Ido it as much to make you trust yourself aa to relievo your present distress. If you can return tho inonoy honorably at the end of tho yoar, you will have a capital of honesty, perseverance, and virtue with whioh to commonoe a batter future. Do you understand?" .... " I do ; aud so holp mo, spirit of my mother, I will not disappoint your trust, Misb Lamar," . " Then I must leave you alone for an hour. You aro quite comfortable ?" "Y03." Tho bravo girl wrapped herself in a cloak, and went swiftly down the hill, although tho village clocks were striking nine, and nearly all honest people wero housed for tho night. She went into tho honrt of tho village, but in loss than an hour was making her way swiftly back. Sho camo into the room so quietly that when sho returned Major Meadows wns Btartled. Sho placed the notes before him nnd counted them over. " Heaven bless you I" he oxclaimed. " When is this money duo ?" "To-morrow." " Then you must tako the night train; yot you are hardly able." "I can go vory well now, my heart is so stout," he said. She brought him fresh linen from hor brother's wardrobe, aud necessary toilet articles ; and then sho loft him. In an hour he came out, looking like a different man. "It is half-past ton. You havo_ but half-aii-hour before car time," Bhe aaid. "Do yon know how I wish you wore my sister ?" he said, looking down at her. "I wish my brother knew how good a sister I try to bo, "she said, her oyes filling quickly. " Major Meadows, you are more than welcome to what I have done for you, if you will only keep your promise." " You shall soe how I will koop it. You will be hore at the end of a year ?" " I shall bo in town. The old clergy man at the parsonage will know where I am." "Good-bye. I cannot thank you." " God help you 1 Good-bye." And ho strode away from the door in the moonlight. The next day it was like a dream to Emma Lamar. Only in her heart there seemed a frosh chord alive. They went baok to tho cottage, for Westerly still continued the practice of visiting the city at night. He grew very dissipated, and, when she expostulated with him, he flew into so violent a passion as to silence her. In her hopelessness she allowed herself sometimes to think, — "If Major Meadows does well, ond lives to come back, I think he will be my friend." I She was aware that Bhe did not see him lob others saw him ; and that any prudent mother in tho place would be shocked at the idea of her daughter regarding such a man ub Major Meadows with friendly in ' tereat. She only realised that he was some one with whom sho was in sympathy, and that ho had wished she was his sister. Friendless girls have innocontly done for worse than this. The spring and summer passed. All the neighborhood realised that Emma Lamar had a great trial with her brother. He was noticeably dissipated, and Prof. Gardner threatened to discharge him from his olass. He would be in the oity away from his studies weeks at a time. In the fall he was publicly expelled from the institute, the professor deolining to excuse his conduct longer, and he im mediately disappeared from the town. Everybody pitied Emma Lamar ; but Bhe could hardly look any paler or more distressed than she had done for a year past. She had also another anxiety. It was November, and the money she had borrowed was due. It terrified her to think of its failure; yot she seldom thought of that. She had an instinctive trust that Major Meadows would not break his promise. One night there was a terrible storm. She sat alone -at her work, when there came a Bound of heavy footsteps, and her brothor burst into the room. " Oh, Emma, savo mo 1" ho cried. " Westerly, what iB it ?" sho exclaimed, starting up, " I have broken into the Merchant's Bank, and the officers aro after mc." Emma Lamar sank down in despair. "Oh, for a friondl" she cried. Thore came a knock at tho door. A fine-looking man, whom she did not im mediately recognise, entered. The next moment she knew it wob Major Moadows. " Miss Ltimar I" ho said. " Oh, Major Meadows, tell me—toll mo what to do for my brothor I" exclaimed Emma, turning to him* with a manner which betrayed her faith in him j and, indeed, ho looked worthy of it—healthful, composed, happy. " Tell mo what ia tho matter." "My brothor is to be arrested. Ho has broken a bank." It was quite a grave matter. Tho officers camo to the cottage and arrested Westerly Lamar; but tho following day Major Meadows become bail for him, and ho was released. Through the major's intercessions ho was finally acquitted, for he had been only occossory to the crime. But he had rocoived a thorough cheok in j his reckless career, and promising his friends ho would do better, he went to California, where he turned his attention to business and did woll. Major Meadows had suecooded to his brother's property, and was a wonlthy man ; bet tho five hundred dollars that he r. turned to Emma Lamar ho had oarnod overy cent, by the labor of his hands. Ho hud acquired regular habits and regained hi?self- respootjand when hi} asked Emma Luninv to bo his wifo, shu was cot ashamed to say that sho loved him. The old Moadows ho 'hi wbvj refurnished, and thrown open. A rwppy family gathered in it, arid rosy cluldi >n playod in tho garden. They littlo droanv.d how near to deuth their bolovcil father hud once como iv that old place. 