SERMONS, ETC. Jesus and the Woman at the Well. [By Rev. Mabk Guy Peause.] 'If thou, kne west, the gift ,o£ God and who it is that saithto thee, Give me to drink,, thou wouldst -hove asked of Him, and Ho would havo .given thee living ?water.'— St. John iv. 10. In very many respects'. ' the fourth chapter is a companion picture to the third. Setting the two together, we find me conurasi wnicn completes eacn. in the story of Nicodemus 'we see that no religious privileges, no religious forms, no-' religious training, no clear under standing of the truth— not any one of them; nor all of them put together can make a man a child of God. Nothing will avail but a new creation. Verily, verily I say unto thee, except a man he horn from above he cannot see the King dom of God. This is the ono essential, the groat necessity. There must bo tho actual contact of the Spirit of God with our spirit. Thus, and thus only, aro we the children of God, begotten of God, created anew with faculties and powers by which we can enter into the Kingdom of God and possess it as our own. The fourth chapter brings out the other side of tho truth. That no condi tion however lowly, no ignorance however dense, no circumstances however evil, no character however bad, can shut us out from the great love of God; That, as the Father loves the whole world, as the Son of God has tnstod death for every man there is givon the Gracious Spirit, the free gift ot life. There is no differ ence. ? The story is full of beauty. If it is true of the third chapter that pur heavy theology has crushed all the human nature out of it, it is certainly as true of this chapter. Let us try to set the story before us, for a more vivid bit of nature there is not in tho whole Book.' We pass out of the company of Nico demus. Take another glance at him— the man with the consciousness of belong ing to the world's oldest and most: honored people, marked off from all; others by a great gulf — a Jew of Jeru salem, where all these distinctions were most manifest, of the sect of the Phari sees, rigidly scrupulous about every little matter of life; a man of wealth and' position, accustomed to authority j very moral, very religious, very devout. Such is the man we leave. From the Jew to anybody else was a long step, down, but from the Pharisee to ; the Samaritan was from the highest to the, very lowest. Of all the Gentile nations they, were, the, most detested ; and they repaid tho feel ing as men generally repay hatred, ; very, fiercely and heartily. For, a Jew to touch their bread was reckoned as defiling as swine's flesh. .They were heathen 'in- truders upon Jewish territory. 'W'hen Israel had been carried away captive, some of tho lowest of the Babylonish people were sent to till the ground, and to inhabit the cities of Samaria; and soon, after their settlement, being plagucd by lions, they sought deliverance by wor- shipping the ' God of the land,',' after; the manner of the Jews. Thus foreign by origin and race,- and religion,' they were to the Jew an unspeakable abomi nation. Into the midst of this people Jesus comes. Spent by the long journey, and wearied by tho noontide heat, He sat ' thus on the well' ; tho phrase suggest- ing tho complete exhaustion, how that He flung Himself on the seat anxious only, for complete repose. But the quiet is disturbed by the approach of someone from the neighboring city, Jesus lifts Himself, and sees, a woman bringing a pitcher to the well.' 'That, she has!,' the, misfortune to be. a woman was quite enough to prevent any Jew from speak ing to her, for of tho six things which no man should ever do this was one— never to recognise any woman in public. The new version expresses this prejudice : 'His disciples marvelled that -He was speaking with a woman.' That the young Prophet of Nazareth, brought up amidst such seclusion, trained in all the rigid traditions of His people, should rise so completely free, and so easily set Himself so immensely in advance of public opinion, is indeed a marvel. And yet it is a greater marvel indeed that such a character as this could have been invented, and such a chapter imagined by these Galilean fishermen. Again, tho contrast of the scene with Nicodemus rises before us— there the dimly-lighted room probably in the house of the Apostle John, who must on both occasions have been present; none but an eye-witness could have described those incidents. Here 'the- blaze- of sunshine, the rippling of the brook on every side ; the well, with all its associations ; and at the side of it the wearied Jesus resting. And, now the woman puts tho pitcher down and prepares to draw the water. We can easily set her before us — her good looks,, we can think, having much: to do with her history; and with the hold and easy manners' ? which come of! such a life and company of hers. She turns to look at tho tired stranger beside the well, surely with more of the woman, than of the Samaritan, for woman's quick, and clear discernment ever gave to Jesus, Christ a ready reverence and love. . 'Give me to drink,' said Jesus graciously. Surprised that a Jew should speak tOj her, and should ask such a favor at her hands, she replies, not unkindly, in a tone of playful banter, 'I am a Samari tan. You Jews have no dealings with us Samaritans, you know." Those eyes that, looked through Nico-, demus rest upon her, so pitiful, so, earnest; arid He, all 'forgetful of these poor distinctions .between men',, is, only eager to giye to her that which He, came to bestow upon all. .' 'If thou knewest the gift of Goa, and. whoit is that saith unto.', thee, Give .'Me! to drink, thou^ wouldest: have asked of ?Him, -and; He , would .have .given thee. living water:' '?'?''_ '? ';i-' c '' '-?''' ; ! Tho look, the iinprbssiveness, of the manner, tho strangeness of , tho .words, put another tone! intb:hor iqply— ?V-.tone, of deep respect. 'Sir, the, well ; is deep, and Thou hast nothing, to draw, with ; liow, then, hast Thouithis living waterP ' , How true it all. is :tb' the life. The reverence 'affects her tone and manner,' but it, does not affect; her habit of reply/ Nicodemus says little, and does not argue at all. But this woman is ready instantly ; her bold tongue is ovidontly accustomed to hold its own, and something more, in many a wordy eneountor with tho gossips at the well. 'And yet,' she goes on, 'whoever Thou art,' art Thou greater than our father Jacob ' — this with a cer tain tone of triumph — ' our father Jacob, who gave us tho well, and drank of it himself, and his children, and his cattle ?' With those eyes still fixed upon her, Jesus said, ' Whosoover drinketh of this water shall thirst again ; but whosoever drinketh of tho water that, I shallgivc him shall never thirst ; but the wator that I shall give him shall bo in him a wellof water springing up into everlast ing life.' . . '-. Full of ..'revcrenco and wonder,: : she. asks, ' Sir, giyo mo of this wa tor.' She becomes the beggar, and He rises into the Giver. , .,.:.' . , , ? Still those eyos aro upon her, so search ing, yet so. pitiful. Then, startling her by the' strange abruptness of speech, Jesus said,;' Go, call thy husband.. ' ; Instantly tho- look, -the tone, the manner, all was changed. .Perhaps glad to have dono -with words so weird and mysterious, she '. feels herself now , on ground where she can fully take care of herself. The eyes flash, tho head is' flung back defiantly, tho speech is short and sharp, 'I have no husband.' Still those oyos aro upon her reading her heart, hor whole life. Perhaps to oivado their gaze, and to hide the guilt of which thoy make her. conscious, she turns to busy- herself with tho rope'.of.th'eiw.elL. Then upon the still noon air fall words which amaze her. ' Thou hast well said, I have no husband ; for thou hast had five husbands ; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband. : In that saidst thou truly.' Surely she starts. With eyes wide open in their fright ; with lips parted in astonishment, she, shrinks from. Him who sits as if He wore tho' Judgeof tho whole earth. Hushed ' iriT awe7'sbe7 whispersT ' Sirrlporceiye^that Thou art a Prbpjvot.' ? Speedily jh'erij quick* 'Nvitj recovers] itself ;i and ^finds'a1 refuge.^- Turning ?ifroni thV gaze of those; inconvenient- eyes, she points to, the mountain standing hard and clear In'th'6'n66ntidb'sun;i 'Our fathers worshipped in this^mpuntain, and Ye say that in Jorusalem'is tne'place where men o'ught;to- worship:'1 \\.\\-\'i-..\ i:. \ What a blessed rof uge -from a troubled' conscience is religious controversy 1 -What a happy relicf.'tq.fprget.tho-sinsof one's lifetime by arguing about tho opinions of other people. F. 'Besides,1 '.it! seems very much like '.being quite 'religious, to bo zealous about religious opiniohs-rra. great many people really do not know the' difforencq.yrr ?,,'?! (if, ,.--,-r-'--v; ?. ??-,-('{ See how Jesus\uses;the yeryarguirient to bring; her .within the.cpmpass ?pf'God'S; love,' ibridges : over, their, r differences - by love, just as.the:same;hoavon bent alikei over. Jerusalemiand Gerizim. Nicodemus must learn of a love that went outside the Jew:and- embraced. the whole .world. She must know of a lovo that brings -her within its'e'mbraeo ;'' her,1 a Samaritan '?/?& woman; :a woman'that was a' sinner.-; She1 had spoken of our father Jacob';1 but another is her, Father^, even His' Father, the Father of us all;, ! '.Woman,', the word had no harshness in ' it, and from His lips was fullof tenderness-r-' Woman, the ?hour cometh 'when ye-l shall neith'er in this mountain, ?;» nof/.yot 'in ' Jerusalem, worship tho Father. But the hour cometh, and n'ow' is/ when the 'true worshippers' shall worship the' Father iih' spirit and in truth ; for the , Father i seeketh such to worship Him.'- Place,- form, -manner, hour-y-allnothing. j- ^Communion iind;c6n tact 'of bur' spirit with the' ' Spirit ' of 'God every thing. i 'Doubtless such broader. ? truths' had found a -place now and then amongst these people;promises of such a Teacher' they shared 'with tho' Jew, and ' probably rumors of such an One had reached her, Leaning forward eagerly, she' gazes upon Him. Could this bo Ho P 'I .know that-Messias cometh, , which is called Christ.'; . :?- V. ; :? Then came the answer, calm, assured, 'Ijthat speak to theojam He;' -! ,/ j, j . ' Let 'us recall the character and history oE this woman.and dwoll:upon the lessons of love which the incident teaches. ' If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith unto thee, Give me to' drink, thou wouldest have asked of Him and He would have given thee the living Water.' Thou ! what had sho to do with these things] ,-Soj ignorant,, so- wicked, jwhat could she know or caroj about theso Igreat offers of graso ! It is sometimes jstated;' as if an objection to Christianity, ,that other great moralists have expressed 'sentimeiits--very similar to imany things , which fell from tho lips of Jesus Christ. iWhat_pf|that:Pr['It.does not lessen Christ/ isurely, torupiift other men. ''He1 'did'' not' invent tho truth He ;taughti He revealed !it; and, if, others had grace to see some thing of the1 same truth,- let'us rejoice dah; thank God. The sun is no smaller be cause' there1, are so. many 'stars that shone1 before his' 'rising. 'But whilst others' uttered groat spiritual truths, thoyhave been for the gifted only ; for the initiated ; for men like Nicodemus, whoso intelli gence and -position and moral character ifitted them to perceive and to receive the jtriith;1 But Jestis'Christ is come ^o ^ make' this highest life ,thb cpmin6n:pbssessipn of i all1 mbn 'and of all 'W;bmbn. This is the I glory of tho Lord- Jesus' that-He does not jcpme;.'ronly, 'to'; reveal'; Himself 'to' th« i faydred ,anS enlightened few, butto make ; this woman at ' the well a ..child of God; ' If has ?beongp.oihtod out; that; between Sbcratos.and such a woman asjthis a ppn versation is on' record, but there is in _it; nopity,;no. help, no reproof, of her ..ovjuv no ? hint ; of delirerancor only ? tho . i great sage amuses' himself by teaching her .how, more ^ effectually to ply jier dreadful trade.' : !:;; '??? ::-' ' ? . ' , '_i'' ! Thisr.is ; the'' glory of Christ v thatHo' comes : to :bririg' the loftiest lifo'within reach of tho' lqwliest ; to turn its sublimest; poetry intb: homeliest prose ;, 'to. fill tho dull, 'routine.', of commonest!, life ,. with hbavenlyj niiisic ; to make the, splendid dream of genius the everyday reality^ of all men. To each of us Ho comes this day, eager to give us this living water that wo thirst no more. Ignorance,; cir oumstancesi sin,1 have not thrust ono oi_us oiitsido His love or boyond His help; Ho bendeth.ovof,'us, searching, us and. know-, ing us altogether ; and to thoe . and ' mp Ho- saith, -'-If thou knewbst tlio-gLE t of G'od, and who it is that speaketh unto thee, thou wouldest ask of Him ^andHc would give thee the living water.' [ } '. j Turn to the sceno again for another aspect of this wondrous lovo. _ 'And Jesus, being wearied with His journey, sat thus on the well.' Tired; hot; dusty, He longs for a draught of tho clear cool w|ater; and, just as He is thinking of it, there conies a. woman, with her pitcher. What more natural than that Ho should ask to drink P. So should wo hayeNread. the story certainly. But, as ithe Voman comes, His own thirst is forgotten. His hunger and weariness are no more in His thoughts. ? His heart ' knows ; only ' her thirst and is full of deep pity for her nieed., ''If thou, knewost . .._..,. tbou, \^ouldest hayb asked of Him,,ahd He, would have'given ? thee living ; water.'., Thisis Jesus; tired, but nojer. top tirod, to pity and' to; help., Ever forgetting Himself in His eagerness to do. good- to others. And what now? No moro ^earied or thirsty, what now,. since Ho has entered, into His glory ? What now, since all power is; given''urito ? HinV':m Heaven and in earth? Now able to savo to the nttermost all that como to God by Sim, think with what great fulness of meaning tho ,'wbrds are. spoken to,'.' each one of us, ' If 'thou knowbst the gift of G[od, thou wouldest ask of Him and He svould give thee the living water.' , . . ., | The Uvin'g /water./' Water! is thejemf blem of tho Holy Ghost.' All that is npcessary to our life and which has not iied for ns, 'is * tho ' emblem of the Hbly Gjhost. Breathyoligh'f,''fire) 'water, ; these ire ?thefigureSfWhichsetHunTorth.r, W^e. needi nbt,Mwollla't any :lehgth'..upbn ,;the! meaning of Uie^w.ords.r Within us, are great needsk apcJ :]deop ijthirsts -which God snly can 'satisfj'— 'a' thirst which' grows i^ithin us by all else with which wo seek to quench it. To know God, to rest in His love;i'.toibe^led:iby:His'. wisdom,^ to.; seek:to ploasoiHim,;to have ! His presence^: to journoy towards'His house as ourihome 4-thisis our1restj'our peacq,!our satisfici fcion.' ' ?t,:;'Y;:'''i;i;' '?'?'-,???'?'' '?:'.!:.'.r: !'''a'v'' ;''' ? Thou'-'wpuldost,'! ask'11;' '.' '?] and 'Ho' would' :pive';'' His 'great'' 'giftiVis1-iours'-To.r bhe, asking., ,( That is all., ..Tlunkjagain'^' liertb whom the' words', jwe'rei spoken at the first. It is not the'. clear' perception )f the truthi! or ;the undorstanding of mysteries, ithatipntsus'in possession of it. Rather is it that' the. gift ^brings the iinderstanding. It is -not in struggling igaihstadvbrsecircumstan'ces'an'd striving' ifter an id'eal'-'oxperiehcb;1 'from11 within mustj come tho deliverance,! ondinot from ivitliout.7 It is in nb.efibrt to inakeibur selves,better.y It ' is not tooimueh.to^say that we are past God's mending^ andjmust h'ave a iiew . nature., 'It'jis^.a^gift^-a'll a gift — a gift,' and' not' a rb'wafcL- A free gift to be had. for. the; asking.- Be this our prayer, and'all'else''shall' be' ours : 0 God, giyo mp Thy Holy Spirit( for; Jesus- Christ's sakei-,, Amen. , ;/, ])Ul ,--,'; V 5. 