SUPERSTITIONS OF TO DAY. SOME OF THE ^OFITLAB BELIEFS PBKSENTEEA. Men who swear there is neither God nor future will yet betray a strange weakness to ward some pet superstition that they will openly laugh at, but secretly believe. We all have them-not only the ignorant people, but the best of us. Few people will count the hacks in a funeral procession. Fewgirls will read the marriage service entirely through in the face of the awful and mysterious su perstition that this indulgence destroys hope of marriage. We don't call the fortune-tel- > ler the priest of Apollo, the wart charmer, a witch. There is a change of name-the fact lingers. Wo are still superstitious. All the generations that ^ave passed have accumulated and handed down to us a vast number of superstitions. Each country has furnished its share, and probably the moBt of them datefrointbetime jvhen the human race was still in its Asiatic cradle. Birth, marriage and death are the three most important events in life. Hence the auguries of these tliire8 events have been most eagerly sought and most carefully remem bered. Death, being the most dreadful; comes.in for the largest share. One of the. best ways given us of avoiding it when mortal sickness is upon us is to allow the report to be circulated that you are already dead. The ebpnees are strongly in favour of getting. m ell. Espbcially is this so if Mends begin to arrange for the funeral. A sure sign of early death is for a person to scatter the leaves of a red rose upon the ground. It is extremely hazardous to an infant's life to pare its nails before it is a year old. They should be bitten off, or the grandame will not answer for the oonsequeEces. So numerous are the dangerous super stitions about marriage that one could scarcely ajoid breaking some of them. In this observation the philosopher may find the solution of the question, ( Why is marriage a failure?' For instance the bride must not try on her wedding gown, or ill-luck , spill follow. She must not look in the glass alter she is fully dressed and ready for the cere mony. She must not enter her new home T»y stepping over the threshold, but must M ltjv68. A over" . uiwttrgfr happy state on her w«d4ia^ day. She must be as .dolorous as possible, viplentfiU ofycoep" in* beneficial! ? , If & fcjgood Idea fdts the bridbs-maids lipr thrbwaWayafl man v'pins. as posiibleon "thfe;^' weddingjday,uS. this mil hasten, .mppiijgjp. The brideshould throw away her slipper on ' leaving the wedding feast, and.ishe who oatohes it will bp. the first" TJje mokth of May 'is i^etklly, ranft<&3Jxi be the - most uifdrtm^e'foi' toartfogiw.! THe/.uc^y mondkbib are UlafiSi&y;, &P0;,Aflg$sVj^c" tober and Nov$abj&r.; Jantm^y pis especially: lucky. - : '' ," ;.' Lovers sjioulii carefully avoid passing a sharp or txnnteft .^tihinierit frdjia 'tpto®, ( other. Such thinjsjB tend to cause qup.rxg|s. Tbe wedding should be put oil by iallroeans^ if a cat sneezes <to the eve of the wedding ' day. It should never take place if the oat ! is DlEok. To BK^iep dust over a girl's" feet (i or legs will be certain to make an old mpaid,' of her. Should the younger sister of a family marry . first, the older sisterd will be condemned to luting oalibacy unless they dance at her wedding in their stocking feet. ' t The wadding ring of the mother is an in fallible cure for eruptions On the skin of the child. The ring must be rubbed.^ three times around each sore. Core is certain. . The virtue of the devs that glittprs and' sparkles in every leaf and flower of a May , morning has been recognized from the ear liest times If a young girl wishes to potion and preserve a glorious' complexion she should venture out of a May morning and wash her faoe in this dew*. It olno has pefculiat power in infant ,cas,e^i of weak back. A child thus affected can be , eured by drawing It three jtiufadg through tl§p,. wist grass on the fir^t, second, qpfr wird ings of May. It will cure swollen neck. The treatment here is,however, more difficult. If the sufferer bea male he must #a^h ms neck in. the dew that gems the grave of the deceased unmarried woman who died; if a woman, then the grass on the grave of tl^e" last young unmarried man must he sought. To spit in the hand before tindfertakm^g, anything, whether in love, or war; 'or busi- ; hess, will not fail to bring luck. If you ire out fishing do not step over your rod, or you will catoh no more fish than did Simple Simon in his mother's* pail. Of births, it may be said in general that a crying ohild will grow up to be a great and useful man. This omen is not very clearly settled, however, and is often given the' othbr way. Some seer far back in the agefe' discovered the following: Born on Monday, Fair in the face. Born on Tuesday, Full of God's grace. Born on Wednesday, Sour and sad, Born on Thursday, Merry andglai. Born on Friday, "Worthilygiven. . ? Born on Saturday, Work for your living. $orn «#)l Sunday, 7, You will never know wast. To reoall persons after they have left the house is bad luck. To go back for something forgotten is also bad luek, unless you sit down. 1. before going, out again. If, when you sit before the fire, a live coal ! jumps out, it is a sign that yoU ate to have ; good luck, especially in money matters: Tp wash in water another has washed in is not only bad sanitarily; but also superstitiouHly.r He who makes many crumbs at the table will ' never have any money to sparel It is flying in the face of fortune torsweep dust out of the ' front door or tb allow it to be swept out. In so doing you ate sweeping out your good luck. To count one's gains bring luck, but to find' money is the worst possible luck. 17, : The 4-leaved clover, once found, should be treasured! as every .school child knows and be lieves. It briiigs luck of every description. . Eve attempted to carry a 4-leaved shamrockJ of precious stone from Paradise with her, but, it fell and shattered at her feet. Think bf. the disaster thus entailed upon the hii'man ~ race! i' To Bee the ,moon over the left shoulder is, as , unlucky as to Mold the four of clubs at cards. . But the new moon seen over the right shoulder or straight in front, portends fortune as smil ing as her own bright fcays. , One .should be careful in writing a letter , not to cross out a word in it. To do so means > that any request you may have made in the letter will not be granted. It is very unlucky ' to dry a letter before the fire, instead of allow ing it to dry slowly and naturally. But dn-~< lnckiest, of all is it to drop tile letter on the floor after finishing it. These aae but' a few of the many thousands of guides to Life. Follow them all, observe . them diligently, and happiness awaits you. ' Your face will smile like that of a young1 girl at thought of her beloved. Your pathway! " will be strewn with roses. If you sooff and scorii beware. For the ghosts and goblins - and witches, the spirits of your ancestors who believed all these things and cherished them as the apple of the eye, will plot together against you. Believe them-even a child b6- > lieves in Santa Claus. They are our only relics ,. of the old, dead past-the faith of legend and story, of simplicity and frankness, when men learned only to shoot the bow and speak the truth. They are the faiths of the childhoods of our race, and as such deserve recognition. .= Reason may scoff, science scorn, but down in. all. our breasts the old childhood's faithsrd« main. The hand that tries to pluck them out i. is profane. 