"BETSY." It is not admitting too much in favor of Messrs. Brought and Boucicault's company to say that no performance, whether serious or farcical, was sustained ou Saturday evening tbrhnirhoufc the wIioIb of Australia bv a stronger caste than was our old friend " Betsy " at tho Criterion. And as far as tho piece itself is concerned, wo do not hesitate to say that for an evening's healthy fun its superior was never sot before tho Sydney play goer. Indeed, a3 ono sat in the pretty little theatre, so well filled with a typical "lirst night's " gathering, and noticed here and thoro iu tho appreciative concourse public men and men of pressing business carc.;, women who had left their babies sound asleep at homo, and high school girls who find moat evenings all too short to solro their problems of cuchd or algebra in, he could almost see the tightened springs recoil, and tho ghosts of life start hack and disappear in its sunshine. Amusements such as that must appeal to everybody. Such laughter permeates the entire system ; it be comes an etl'ort of the body as well as the mind. It is not often in real life that one sees him "holding both his sides," bat in "Betsy's" company1' ho would fairly "split," as vulgar people tiny, if ho didn't. "Betsy" belongs to that class of comedies amongst which " Our Boys " und " The Private Secretary " havo won eo much popularity in all parts of the world. It is the latest production of the kind ; and where variations have been brought about it is perhaps to the advantage of "Betsy." The humor is broad throughout; it is palpable linmor, not wit, but it is humor oi a moro certain naturo than pervades a good deal of "The Private Secretary," for whilst that successful play has received the stj.inp of high approval from the world at large, many a man goes aud comes away again with something like dis"ust that a crowd of intelligent people should laugh so much at anything so utterly- stupid. Nobody could call ' Betsy" stupid : nobody with the thiiiuest possible vein of humor in him could help enjoying it from bclnuing to end. Thou, too, instead of tire goodnatured but Ignorant old buttormaii, whoso strengtli depends entirely upon his blunders in good society— a phase of human nature that has been done to death in the past— and instead, too, of the metioyed tailor iu "Tbo Private 'Secretary," who affords amuse ment of a Tory similar kind, we have in " Belsy" a retired merchant for our "pater," who is neither "soft" nor "greon," but a bit of a crault, and worldly-wise withal. His hobby ia politics, his sole comfort in life his daily paper, aud his pet aversion au Irish Homo Knlor. This is Mr. Birkett, and to say that tho part was taken bv Mr. Anson is tantamount to saying that it was played as well as it cuuld havo beun plavcd. 2tra. Birkett is decidedly wanting iu nlmrikffffti' £hfi kns oulv fitin (iiiii in MbfUUfcbU >-" , , -- life, and that is to look after her son, r. young .gentleman of 21, who, being an only child, has been decidedly spoiled. She wraps him in flannels, gives him pocket monoy, procures him a tutor, aud ultimately, whou to her utter astonishment he shows a marked disposition to break nivaj- from the npron string, bogs her husband to had him a wife. Miss May Barney made a very good Mrv. Birkett and 2fr. Boucicault a splendid- " loblolly" soil. The title rbio was taken by 2iisa Pattie Browne. Betsy's good looks, Betsy's eve to the main chance, and Betsy's little temper were thoroughly appreciated. Mr. Tithorage inado a capital Irish captain. The slight brogue of the educated Irishman, the half-boyish manner and the "low cunning" underneath were portraved to tho life, whilst tho part of his wife, "Mrs. MM anus, was admirably imper sonated by Mrs. (trough. Mr. Brougli wan the tutor. His part is, perhaps, tho most difficult in tho whole piece. Tho interest certainly centres in him, for he is the otrnngost mixture of pedantic gravity, formal courtesy, dissipa tion ami humbug that modern comedy could produce. Mr. Hans Phillips, Mr. 'George Brvant, Miss Besr ie Major, Miss Emma Temple aud Miss V. Vivieune sustained their characters equally well, ami as we have already said, the revival was a great success. Tho Crystal Elite Skating Rink, Crystal- street, Petersham, was '.open for tbe lirst time this season on Saturday night. Notwithstand ing the unfavorable weather tho rink was well nttended, and tho visitors appeared to appre ciate the arrangements uiado by tho proprietors, Messrs. Barnott Brothers, for their amusement and comfort, A successful smoko concert wan held on Friday in tho Lyeonm-balb Petersham, by the members of the Leichhardt Rowing Club, Tho captain (Mr. J. Bull) presided and about '.'00 wero prosont. Au excellent programme was provided. " The Vendetta" at Her Majesty's Theatre entered upon tho second week of its production on Saturday night, when it was well received, the various' situations of 'this thrilling drama being admirably pourtrayed now that a littlo exoisiou has boon made in the dialogue. The oharautcrs, on the whole, give au adequate in terpretation of tho linos upon which "Mr. Barnes of New York is written." Tho staging of the pieco is only eclipsed by tho enthusiasm that it Drovokcs. At the Opera House on Saturday night a benefit was given by tho Italian Artists' Opera Company to Signer Fimazsoni, wliea " U'n Ballo in'Muschcra"was performed with success to an enthusiastic audience. At tho conclusion of tho second not tho henciiciaro sang "In Happy Moments," which was substituted for " Tho Death of Nelson." tlignor Pimnzamii was very happy III his rendition of tho song and was accorded a well-merited recognition. At the aquariums thero were largo attendances on Saturday, tho pleasant weather enabling "all sorts ami comlitious of men" to flock there. Bondi presented a very well-arranged pro gramme, which tho management carried out splendidly and gavo satisfaction to tho numerous patrons of this aquarium. Tho attendance at Coogec was large, being above tho average. The bill prepared, including another descent of the toboggan by a cyclist, and tho extraordinary rifle shooting, was faithfully performed. 