BIBLE ABSOLUTION. It is a eerious mistake to suppose that the Romanists interpret the words, whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted, &c.;, ( John xx.. v. 23) more literallv than do Protestants. For even they consider some limitation or condition to he implied, viz;, private confession to a priest with a profession of repentance, before absolu tion can be obtained — which is an unwarrantable addition to Christ's words. They would limit the Saviour's words to coniessed and professedly- repented sins, which is a gratuitous addition to His de- claration. Even a Romish priest or cardinal would not assert that the words conveyed an absolute, irresponsible, and unconditional power to remit and ' retain human Bins at pleasure ; to say "Is forgive or I retain the sins of Sydney, or of all the world." All interpreters, therefore, take the words in a qualified sense. And as the Romanists 'do not teach that the wicked will escape con- 1 demnation unless their sins have been formally retained by a priest, so they have no right to maintain that the sins of the righteous will not be remitted with out the formal absolution of a priest. In reappointing the disciples to the apostolic office, after their denial of Him, Christ (Who, in Malachi iii. 1, is; described as " the messenger or apostle ; of the covenant,") reminds them that "as" the Father - "sent" Him, and' anointed Him with the Holy Ghost, to be a messenger of peace and goodwill to men, (as we see in Isaiah lxi. 1-3, com-- pared with Luke iv. 18, 19, 21, and Acta' x 38, 39,) " even so " He sent them, and conferred upon them, either then or in the way of sure promise, (to be fulfilled on the day of Pentecost,) the gift of the Holy Ghos.t to inspire and teach them, and to qualify them to declare to men the terms of remission of Bins, according to the Gospel- covenant 5 and to declare the truth of God respecting the kinds and' classes' of people whose sins should be remitted or retained ; to declare what characters should enjoy the remission, and what characters should suffer the reten-' tion of sins. For the plural tinon shows that a characteristic rather than an indi vidual declaration- is here contemplated/ Hence the words seem to refer to Divine inspiration, symbolised by the Saviour's- act of breathing upon them, to qualify the apostles to teach mankind the way of salvation, and to warn them of the danger _ j_ _ A 1 1 1. ul uuuuuuttucu in. siu ; toaeciarewaau; characters are saved and lost. This seema to be clear from our Saviour's words in' Luke xxiv. 36-49, which were spoken at the same time and on the same occasion. . The examples of Levit. xiv. 11, compared with Levit. xiii. 3, 6, 20, and of Jer.i. 10, show that God's agents may, in certain cases, be said to do that which they only declare that God does or will do. And in Mark iii. 5, 7, 9, 10, (with Luke v. 20, 21, 23, 24), in our Saviour Christ's own case, the . declaring sin to be forgiven, is treated as equivalent to forgiving it. So also in Luke vii. 48, 49. In both cases, the same form of expression is <' used which was afterwards used by St'. John 1 in his first epistle, chapter ii. v. 12, ("Tour sins are forgiven you for His name's sake;") who both records our Saviour's words and was also himself one of those to whom they were addressed as sent by Christ, " even as " the Father had "sent" Him. Hence, by the use of these words, the inspired apostles seem to have been qualified to declare " whose (tinon) sins " were remitted or retained, without respect to age or sex, rank or clime, Jew or Gentile ; for such seems to be the point of the word tinon, as the parallel passage in Luke xxiv. 47 may re mind us ; and St. Peter's recorded preach ing in Acts ii. 38, 40 ; iii. 19, 28 ; and x.\ 42, 43 ; -and St. John's inspired writing in 1 John i. 6, IS; ii.1, 4, 12; are practical examples of the exercise of the power thus conferred upon them: by our Saviour Christ. - 7-r The miraculous power - of inflicting ex pulsion upon certain persons, (which was delivering the offenders unto Satan, as we may see in 1 Cor. v. 5, and 1 Tim. 20, with Luke xiii. 16, and Job ii. 7), under such circumstances as we find recorded in Acts xiii. 11, and the restoration of them upon their repentance, was an important part of the power conferred by the words in question. ; .-'Furthermore, the apostles, and the apostles only, were also enabled to con fer on' others miraculous gifts '.of the Holy Ghost, " even as " the Saviour had cqnferred-them upon themselves ; so that, soon after' the death of all the apostles; the power of working miracles ceased in the Christian Church. And in Ohrysos- tom's time no trace of it remained. The meaning, then, of the solemn and mysterious commission which was con ferred upon the apostles by our Saviour Christ, in the words recorded by St. John seems to be this : — As He had been sent to be the promised Messiah, and, with the Holy Ghost upon Him, (aB foretold by the prophet Isaiax itt)Jxi.vl-3, and declared by the Apostle; Perter in Acts x. 38,) to preach deliverance to the captives, so He Bent out the apostles to be His re presentatives, and to be the messengers, to mankind, of the terms upon which their sins would be pardoned, and of the causes which would lead to their reten tion. TJnder the teaching and inspiration of the Holy GhoBt, they would infallibly state the? mind and will of God to men. They? /.were to preach " repentance and remission of siqs " in Christ's name ; and in due time they would receive the promised gift of the Holy Ghost to guide them into all truth. Under the teaching of the Holy Ghost, they would be quali fied:' to write the New Testament Scrip tures, and, both therein and also by, word of mouth, to infallibly declare the characters of those whose sins are remitted, and the characters of those; whose sins are retained by the Judge of all the earth. For, ub has been already remarked, in the language of the Bible, persons are sometimes described ap the doers of those things which they merely declare that God does or will do." (See Leviticus xiii. 3, 6, 20; with xiv. 11:;: and Jeremiah i. 9, 10.) So- that, in their original and primary signification, the .words in question had reference to the apostles only ; and seem to refer to them> as sent by Christ, even as Christ Himself had been sent by the Father, to be the messengers of peace and goodwill to: men, and the inspired expounders of the termB of " remission of sins," under the new covenant ; and with a like power t,o prove their Divine mission by miracles. And the circumstance that the- plural word tinon, and not the, singular word timos, is used in the passage, seemB to. show that the commission refers to the statements of Divine truth, inspired by the Holy Ghost, which are descriptive of persons' characters: such as those re corded in Acts iis 38, 39 ; viii. 21-23 ; x. 42, 43 ; 1 John i. 8, 9 ; ii. 12 ; &c.;, &c.; In ordaining priests or presbyters in the Church of England, an adaptation of our Saviour's words, aB recorded in St. John xx. 22, 23, is used. These words, in their original and proper sense, do not. appear to have any reference to the ordinary dutieB of Christian ministers generally!; no more so, indeed, than those in Mark xvi. 17, 18, have. They, are here, used only in an accommodated . sense. And it must not be forgotten, that neither this form of ordination, nor the indicative form of absolution, have the leastipretension to Primitive antiquity or Catholicity, having both been introduced sp late as the twelfth century, and then only into the Western or Romish Church. . It. must be remembered that this ordi-. nation-formula is a modification of our Saviour's ; words, so far as they may be applicable to the functions of a priest or presbyter : " Receive the Holy Ghost for the ; office and- work of a priest in the Church of God which office and work are now committed unto thee by the designating sign of the imposition of our hands.' Whose sins as such — in that capacity — so far as appertains to that office thou dost forgive, they are for given;, and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained. And be thou a faith ful dispenser of the word of God, and of His holy sacraments ; " &c.;,-n-which last words,' added by the Reformers, evidently, limitithe extent of the power, by pointing out the proper mode of its exercise. 1 The word . " receive " in the foregoing form,' is .interpreted by some, such, as Bishop Burnet and Archbishop Seeker, in the: sense of a desire or prayer — as if it were " Mayest thou receive the Holy Ghost;" as the following words, " and be thou a faithful dispenser," are supposed to prove ; juBt as'the word " preserve " is used in the Communion Service : " The body of our Lord Jesus? . Christ . . . preserve my body and soul," &c.; (See also 2, Cor. xiii. 14.) But it may include an:admonition or direction to the candi date ever to call upon God by prayer for this grace: of the Holy Spirit. 