Woveffat. ; ; .- { tiie Prophecy ' on, ^S'STRmpffTOWERS. ; By Emma Garrison Jones. ?' J 111 !?-. I l'I ... !' ! CHAPTER XIX. THE COUNTESS KHTBKNS. ' ? v., i; The sun had drooped, out of sight and the dusky mantle of twilight hung over ... the Alpine(aummita, before? the Countess of Strathspey returned to the spot wliero ColonekVerney awaited ;her.»; . ? : ; Tlie officer vraa amoking' fiercely and 'growing 'desperately impatient; yet hia sphinx-like face was 'cool atid smiling and . hu manner, the very perfection of thorough ? brodlpiliteriesa.' . i .-Hejaave the lady oae keen glance as .;;,:«keoappr-?3ohed;'him, and; made up his wl iiiind,that:she had; not soenhor Husband, and knew nothing of his having followed -'' l/erivand liacbncluded-.not- to enlighten i'1 her.butto got hor omtho homeward route '? ?audleaWher to' settle it with the earl as bost ahe oould. ' ,;i: -j .He sighed, and his eyes softened as lio .. bea'ufy.lj Ho'wjhe'hid lbyedlher, once ! . Xno noW she' had'notJthViiiwbr to stir heart, j'sayowlthjla '.Brother's' tender bra v-h: - ' ,i x'itl H. iy|i»,'/thpro!-ghly .inlovo,;withhis : ?i: brillianttj,/ian-)«ej. Miss; Juliai.Bereaford, indep.nd.nt of her ten thousand a year. \- us Strathapey^wav&^foolfifhe had . onlybeenwiso enough, to kuowifc,' Lady Strathip'eyV 'fsce'-yrss - flushed and oagsr, *nd . she .clutched. a little i,:J,paotf»g9 in b-othhauds; if it were in . nV.inwM^ytrjrt^^ ,, ' ' ?' W.11, Lady' Strathspey, ' Baid tho colonel, ai he., handed her into the ! r .-tehicle, ' I trust you have metWith tuc -coss.'. I. 1\. ., 'Th. ^child U^mine, Colonel Verney,' '- she 'replied solemnly, i 'Jha.- has ..the ,. Strathspey birthmark on his righ't arm— ''Tfie^my child, my babe',' that was stolen ?. troiame.' —? r--; ;i.v. 'I hare no doubt of it, madam, but I'jn.afraid you'U'fin'dT it difficult Bo.prove .?at,', replied tho colonel ; .1.' the' other boy, ? ? 'you say, has the birth-mark, too J' . . ( .'Yes, he.haa l Poor -little boy; 'I am li Vflry fond ;of him,«nd he ahaU always be ijas-my own,' she said^, w^th demotion ; '' but my own boy , in the valley, yonder, / Lord Strathspey'* true sou, shall be the I heir.'. . ' \- - VBati'my dear lady,' continued the eolonel. aa they 'Sped along through -the . .. deepening tifilwht,' ' how do you pur pose bringing' tnia about? Have 'yoii , sufficient proof* to convinoe ..your 'hus ' band, 'and etfatbUiih tHe child's claims ?' . ' I hav. thVchild'a clothes.' she said, . , eUkping tha liU]«.pMkage to- her bosom, \- - u .-ttMwil. : he lhad on wheii they found \- Jutnuni.rthe miIdh-goatri Only a plain ^lip and a quilted flaon.l oloab, but I thought' I- would take th.m.'^ : : / a .'Ihopeyou'll suooeed^but1 really', it 1m)m i»tf, -doubtful,' . responded' the.. ' praotiw eolontj. ' ; ' . ? 'I know it doea ; but heaven will help . „ipa, Colonel . V.niey. .£[? sent me to my , child, 'aud i k]uy look to. Providence for ? ' Help and direotlan. 1 1 nuver will abandon. my purpoMi»»T.r whij. I havelifoand ' reason. l$;,r,boy fhaUjbe: his fa^lier's he^r, if it costs m. my life and happi neu.'-' lit i-;h sr , /j : , , ,. . - Her pat* faoe glowed in the twilight^ ? » '?hn. th^Hght of inspiration and death Usa datarmination. ..... Colo Ml VehMy regarded her with ad. miring, wondor.' — /: . ' %'.^''W yo«^ P»*ion, Lady Strathspey,!'' ' ha said at lsst ;;' but I am older than ypif ani wis«r in*ixperieuoe i allow me \- . torsdfitt ytiu tjj.tJl/our husband 'every r thins u ipm aa mMthlin } oonoaal pUy' [ 'Yes,' she responded j' but I want to spare, my. dear husband. all the anxiety and suspense 1 can. As soon as I can see my way clear ? ' ' But you may oause him far deeper anxiety; in regard to yourself, in tho meantime,' interrupted tho officer; he may misconstrue your motives and actions.' , She turned upon him, her blue eyes blazing in the gluom. 'Misconstrue my actions? What do yon mean, Colonel Yerney ? My husband does . not . mistrust me, would not, under any oiroumstanoos. How dare you in sinuate suoh an impossibility ?' \- ? 'Ibeg your pardon, you will see one day that I am right, and have your wel fare at heart. And now, are we to.find lodgings for the night, or to atart on our journey at onoe ?' ' Oh, start at once by all maans,' criod the countess ; we have not a mo ment toloso. I must get home fiofore my husband returns from London.' : ' Poor thing,' sighed the colonel j 'it will be a cruel blow 1' \- They proceeded at once into France, and, having seen her ladyship safely on board the Dover steamer, Colonel Yerney went on to Paris to see his sick friend, wishing in his inmost hoart that his friend had been at the antipodos beforo li6 sent the message that caused him to atart on suoh an ill-starred iournev. ? The countess reached Sevenoaks before the arrival of her husband, and found her household all in good order, and her guests making themselves comfortable. She felt intensely ~ thankful and oc cupied the following day in making a con cise statement concerning the child she believed to be her own, to be put in the hands of Sir Henry Galbraith, her solici tor. ? * She was very determined and very anxious to have the matter investigated at the earliest moment. Pondering over Colonel Yemey's ad vice, she concluded at last to tell her hus band everything, and if possible to enlist his sympathies and co-operation. ?'*' But her husband did not return! A week went by 1 Another followed, and still be was :absent. - .* ' The Bhooting . season was famous, but the earl's frionds began to think that their 'host waa treating them- rather shabbily, and one by one took their flight. . The countess grew anxious and tele graphed to London, and, to her utter con Bternatinn she learned that the earl had not been seen. She telegraphed a' seoond time, to; his club.' address, and to hia siBter,. Lady Novill, with no better success. It was evident that ihe earl had not been in London. : ;The poor. wUe'a anxiety knew no bounds. ; She forgot ber child and every 'thing else in her fear for the husband she loved so well, and was just on the point. -5f:starting for London herself to learn i what had' beoome of him, when he', all at once, madehia appearance. . ' Judith met him in the hall, on his first arrival, and atood still in wonderful hor ror.' No grave-yard ghost ever looked niore ghastly. . Becovering her.wita in an instant, and divining that something terrible had be fallen him, ahe fled like the . wind to her lady's chamber. Tho countess was read ing, or making a pretoiico to dp so, But She looked up as Judith entered. ' Well, what iB it ?' she questioned, seeing in the girl's faco that she brought some intelligence. ? , 'My lady, 'Lord Strathspey has come.' . The countess sprang to her feet . '?'Oh, thank Heaven I' she cried,' 'where is he? Where is my darling husband ]' . She was about to rush out ;n search of him in her joy, but J udith caught at her arm. 'One moment, my lady,' she im plored, I think my lord is ill— or— or —something has happened— io not go just yet.' .. ... But the anxious wife ahook her off. 'Is he ill? Stand out of my way, Juditji,',let me go to him.' She freed herself from the girl's de taining hands, and turned towards the ddw-againj' and there, faoe to face; ahe tuet hw husband. CrtAPTBRXX. . ; SAHXBD. : For. the sp^'oa of a moment they stood silent;- looking into eaoh other's eyes ; the earl'* hair disheveled, his garraonta soiled, and his face so whits and emaoiated, that his eyes looked oiit from their sunken sooke'ts like balls of fire. ., ' Oh, 'Angus, my darling,', gasped- the poor, wife at last, putting, out her tremb ling arms to embrace' him, 'what is this) what has' changed you bo? ' ? The sound of- her voice seemed to rouse hiin into an insane fury, ;He; hurled her back, when she would have elapsed . his neck with a foroe that sent her reeling to the other side of the room. 4 'Don't come near me . again,, don't touch me,' ' he burst out, panting for breath in his anger and weakness; ' or X shall forget that you ure a woman, aUd the mother of my children. What has ohanged mo? Do you know, can you know, can you guess, false, fair-faced de ceiver? What could make.a nAn what I am to-day, but the. shameful 'deceit and treaohery ofihis wife?' , . ? , The poor countess shivered with terror, believing that 'her husband, was' utterly insane. She retreated into a corner of the room.'and put ' forth ..her -. hand to grasp the bell-rope. . But he darted up on her lik. a wild beast, and seizing her by the Bhoulders forced her down into a seat. ?; . -t ? ' Don't shiver and tremble; joor, guilty coward, ' he oried, standing over lier with his white, awful face, ' ill not harm you — I couldn't do that — I couldn't harm abair of your head, although you havo dragged me aud my proud name down into the dust, and made me an alien and an outcast for all time to come.' ' 'Angus 1' ?' Silehce ! I won't hear one word from your false lips ^ -Listen to what I. have to say,' for after this hour I never mean .to look upon your. bUkti. again— you have broken my ' heart — the i- heart that loved you,' he continued, witli a sudden but*, burst of tenderness. ' Oh, Marguerite, how oould you, how could you play me false?' V ; . H. sunk into a seat,' and burying, his lac* in his hands, shAolc-^id sighed like a ohild in hi* weakness. HI* wife aro^k, and creeping to hia side. stoltf'bir°»rin* about his neek j but uair sofl taiuh .?? A'-' ????. :? V*-' 'J- 'No, no!' h® cried, hurling^HorJ off again ; (- I'm nob to be cajoled nor de* ceived any longer.' That timers past. You deceived mo in the very hour I made you my wife.' You belongdd to Aim then I You were tho mother of his child 1 And now, tho momont lio ooraos back from India, you fly to his arnft. False! aban doned, shameless woman ! ' Some little comprehension of tho true cause of her husb%nd'8 apparent insauity, began to dawn upon the bewildored mind of the countess. Sho aroao, her litho, slender figure seeming at least a foot taller, a fiery spot kindling on cach waxon cheek, and her blue oyes beginning to blaze and glitter. ' - ' u Lord Strathspey,' olio said, hervoico icily, calm, ' you are my husband, but you Bhall not insult mo 1 ' The earl broke into a mockinp laugh. ' Insult you\' hocried, bitterly. 'You, who; taking advantage of your husband's absence, go strolling out of En^lftnd with your old lover. You didn't think I fol lowed you, nadam? I did though. I saw you sitting under the old oak crying over your illegitimate son. I know iww why you have always treated my son with such unwomanly indifference. I was within a stone's throw of you all the time, and sawyour gallant colonel awaiting you in the coppioe. False, false woman I I believe now that you were cognizant of the disappearance of my babe on the night o£ his birth. You wanted no other son beside your pet Tyrol. ' Lady Strathspey stood like marble, never answering a word. ' I can understand now,' continued tho earl, tho whole tiling - seeming to grow clearer and indisputable, 'why you wero so anxious to travol, and why you sent so many packages to' your brother in India. Brother, indeed I What a blind fool I havo been ! But my eyes are open now. For two weeks and over I have been lying at death's- door in the Tyrol. I should have died, I think, but for my children. I could not leave them to their shameless mother,' he went on. ' I am here now to make my final arrangements. I shall give them, my boy and girl, I mean, to Ladv Neville, my sister, with the understanding that you are never to set eyes on them again. . Day after to' morrow I shall meet your gallant colonel, and put a bullet through his heart ; and then I shall leave England forever. I shall leave you an annuity sufficient to keep you from want,' he added; turning baok in the doorway ; 'and from this hour I hope never to hear your name, or look upon your face again, neither in this world, nor in the world to come I ' j' He strode out, , with one backward glance, and that glanoe beheld her, still standing erect and statue-Hke, her frice all aglow with outraged innocence, lier clear, sinless eyes full of fiery indignation, yet melting with tenderness for the hus* band who had so foully wronged her. And in the after years of his wander ings—and bitter, remorseful years they were — the remembrance of her face as he last Baw it haunted the earl like an aveng ing Nemesis, yr ? CHAPTER XXL ' ? . LAST HOOES. There aro some calamities that strike usidumb and powerless, like the light ning-shaft. When Lady Strathspey heard her husband's footsteps ringing down the oaken stairway, she sank down upon the carpet, and resting her forehead on her folded arms, sat in a stupid, senseless torper, half' unconscious of - the great calamity that had befallen her. In that condition Judith found her, when, after waiting for hours to besum moned, aud umible to repress hor anxiety, she entered her lady's room unbidden, and all efforts on the girl'B part, to rouse her proved ineffectual. In her fright, JudithsummouedMrs. Colonel Chudleigh, and she, in her turn, summoned the family physician. But he shook his head, almost as soon as his eyes rested on the white, frozen face. Tho disease was beyond his skill, he could do no more than administer a simple stimulant. But toward night, of her own will, the oountess roused up. Very white, and still, and silent, she remained, but she was clear-headed and conscious, and be gan at once to make hor arrangements for leaving Sevenoaks; Hor husband had cast her off, and she determined to repair at once to her own caBtle, known as Aukland Oaks'; she was too proud in her injured innocence to make one effort toward clearing herself iu hia eyeB, or regaining his confidence and affection. ' We shall set out early in the morning, Judith,' she said, quietly, ' and I -want -you to make all necessary arrangements ; that is,' she added, with a.wan smile, 'if you intend to stand by me now, in my hour of trial!' The girl burst into tears. 'My dear, dear lady,' she sobbed, how can you doubt me ?' ?* 'I do not doubt you,,Judith,' returned the countess, ' I trust you ; you are my one true friond and helper in all the world.' \ The following orning found every thing in readinesp. The countess break fasted in lier own apartments; Her trunks stood out in tho hall, her private carriage was ordered. Slio made her explanations to Mrs. Colouel Chudleigh, and charged her with the task of excusing her to tho few guests still remaining. Only 'one task'ri-mained to her before -the went out from her husband's home forevor. ' She must ; bid adieu to her children. Oh, bitter, bitter task I The poor mother.put it off till the very last moment. Her husband had decreed that they should be given to Lady Neville's oh'urge, and they were to go down to L6n don that very aftornoon, in tho care of Lord Strathspey V notary. He' waa lord and master of, all, aiid nothing remained for but to submit and obey. She oroased the liall with tottering steps, and talppod at the nursery door. Tjie Dundas womah: opened it. Lady Poarl aud'her brother had just finished their breakfast. ? - , .J '0, mamma,' oried Pearl, 'you' are going down to London, too l I'm so glad! Lola said you.wasn't but you will go T' The countes* drew ;he child to' hor bqsom and signed to tho nurse to leave the . room.' She obeyed, with a strange glitter iu her dusky eyes. , Mamma cannot go to London now,'1 the. poor mother begun, ohoking down the aohing misery at hor heart J ' but Lady Pearl shall go, and stay awhile with Aunt Neville.' , I don't want to go without you, mamma.' i ' But son must, my darling. Mamma il ebUgM U goOn'a ioaruty na«; btotiut i Angus will ge with you, and- papa wil come soon ; and youH aee the great city,' and have so[many pretty things, arid play with Cousin Victoria, aud A unt Noville will be very kind to you.' . The child grow somewhab-paoifiod,' and the young heir stood passive, hia light J' opaque eyes expressive of neither ono thing or tho othor. The countess arose, feeling that in a few moments her strength and fortitude would give way. Sho turned to tho boy first, and took both of his sallow chceks in her hands. ' Good-bye, Angus;' sho said kissing him repeatedly, ' in tho years to come you shall Buffer no wrong at my hands. Heaven bloss you.' The froy received the embrace as he did everything else, with passive indiffer ence. But little Marguerite sobbed and clung to hor mother in passionate grief. 'My darling, may Heaven keep you from harm,' murmured the countess. Then, witli one last convulsive embrace, she tore herself away. Sho had parted from her children, perliapa forever. Yet her step was firm, and her bearing like thatof an outraged queen, as she traversed the long corridor, passing tho apartments in whioh her husband and his lawyer Bat, tho doors double-locked. Judith awaited her in the hall, and the carriage was at the door. She entered it, and without one backward glance, passed out from tho grand, old manor, and under the branches of the giant oaks, on her way to the home of her childhood — a dis graced and discarded wife ! As she rolled along in the yellow, autumn sunlight, u sudden remembrance of that awful morning, whon the strange apparition appeared before her, as she sat under the great rock at S trathspey Towers, flashed across her mind. ' You shall be robbed of your titles and grandeur, an outcast, scorned by your husbaqd, and derided by the world !' 'Ah, Heaven,' she murmured, ' how fearfully tho terrible prediction has been fulfilled ! What merciless fate is pursuing mo ? What in all my life have I ever done, that all this woe and desolatson should come upon mo?' In the meantime, the Earl of StrathBpey was making his final preparations I Everything had been arranged between him and Colonel Gilbert Yerney, who was then at his sister's residence; only a short distance from SevenoakB. The seconds had settled all the prelimi nares, and the deadly meeting was to take place on the following morning at sun rise, at a spot known as Willow Ridge, a secluded place soipe seven or eight miles distant. - Lord StrathBpey knew well enough that the chanceB against him were two to one. His adversary was a cool, Btrong-nerved man, an old soldier, and a dead shot, There was little hope that he would escape with his life I And in view, of this state of things, he was engaged throughout the day in closing up his earthly accounts, and making ready for death and eternity. And calmly, enough he did it, for, in that hour, Angus, Earl of Strathspey, with all his wealth and honors, waa not much in love with life.. He made his will, providing handsomely for his daughter, and leaving eveything 'else to his son and heir, sav-- an annuity to his late countoBs, and live thousand pounds to be deposited in the bank to the order of J udith Ford. His two children, he left in charge of his sister, appointing her hus band, Sir Marshall Noville, as guardian and executor. This done, in his silent, and desolate home, he sat down and waited for the slow hours of the autumn night to wear away, and the morrow dawn, whioh, in all probability, would make him a murderer, in the same moment that it sent his guilty soul into the presence of his Makor. (to be coxxikubd) 