THE BONDMAN. A NEW SAGA. By HALL CAINE, L athes of "The Deemster," "A Son of Hagar," "The Shadow of a Crim," ete., tc. CHAPTER XX. TIE PEACE OATH. There was short shrift for Red Jason. He was tried by the court nearestthe spot, and that was the criminal court over which the Bishop in his civil capacity presided, with nine of his neighbours on the bench beside him. From this court an appeal was possible to the Court of the Quarter, and again from the Quarter Court to the High Court of Althing; but appeal in this case there was none, for there was no de fence. Andbecause Icelandic lawdid not allow of the imprisomnent of a criminal until after he hadbeen sentenced, aninquest was called forth with, lest Jason should escape or compass the crime he had attempted. So the Court of In quiry sat the same night in the wooden shed that served both for Senate and House of Justice. The snow was now falling heavily, and the hour was late, but the 'court-house was thronged. It was a little place-a plain box, bare, featureless, and chill, with walls, roof and seats of wood, and floor of hard earth. Four short benches were raised, step above stop, against the farthest side, and on the highest of these the Bishop sat, with three of his col leagues on each of the three xows beneath him. The prisoner stood on a broad stool to the S::ýght, and the witnesses on a like stol tothe ;e? .., A wooden bar roemaod.the room about ftasidway, and in the ipen space betweon chat : nd the door the spectators were crowded to '.= J?se hba.t5see. -.rightasd by sandles, and some were fixed to the walls, others were held by ushers on the end of long sticks, and a few were hung to the roof rafters by hemp ropes tied about their middle. The floor ran like a stream, and the atmosphere was full of the vapour of the snow that was melting on the people's clothes. Nothing could be ruder than the court-house, but the court thatsat there ob served a rule of procedure that was almost an idolatry of form. The prisonerwas called by the name of Jason, son of Stephen Orry, and having answered ina voice so hollow that it seemed to come out of the earth beneath him, he rose tohis place. His attitude was dull and impassive, and he seemed hardly to see the restless crowd that murmured at sight of him. His tall figure stooped, there was a cloud on his strong brow, and a slow fire in his blood-shot eyes, and his red hair, long as aswoman's, hung in disordered masses down his worn cheeks to his shoulders. Tne Bishop, a ,venerable prelate of great age, looked at him and thought, ". That man's heart is dead within The mouthpiece of the court was a middle aged man, who was short, had little piercing eyes, a square brush of iron-grey hair that stood erect across the top of his corded forehead, and a crisp clear utterance, like the crackle of a horse's hoofs on the frost. Jason was charged with an attempt to take the lifo of Michaet Sunlocks, first President of the second Republic. He did not plead and had no defence, and the witnesses against him poke nly in answer to the leading questions of The first of the witnesses was Greeba herself, and her evidence, given in English, was inter preted by an interpreter. All herbrave strength was now gone. She trembled visibly. Her eyes were down, her head was bent, her face was half-hidden by the hood of a cloak she wore, and her tones were barely audible. She had little to say. The prisoner had forced his way into Government-house, and there, to her own face, had threatened to take the life of her husband. In plain words he had done so, and then made show of going in pursuit of her hus band that he might carry out his design. "Wait," said the Bishop, "your husband was not present ?" "No," said Greeba. " Tlere was, therefore, no direct violence ?" "None." " And the whole sum of the prisoner's offence, so far as you know of it, lies m the use of the words that you have repeated ?" " yes." Then, turning to the spokesman of the court, the old Bishop said "Therehas been no overtact. This is notan attempt, but a threat to take life.' Ybotardon, my lord." said the little man, -i pamr--"'fItil chew -thtt tels prisoner is guilty of the essential part of murder itself. Murder, my lord," he added, "isnot merely to compass the destruction of a life, for there is homicide by misadventure, there is iustifiable homicide, and there are the rights, long recognised By Icelandid law, of the aven gers of blood. Murder is to kill in secrecy and after long- harboured malice, and now, my lord, I shall show that the prisoner has lain in wait toslay the President of the Republic." At that Greeba stood down, and other witnesses followed her. Nearly everyone had been summoned with whom Jason had ex changed words since he landed eight days before. There was the lean student who had told him of the drill at the Latin school, the little tailor who had explained the work at the gaol, the stuttering doorkeeper at the senate louse, and one of the masons at the fort. Much _ was made of the fainting in the Cathedral yard on the Sunday morning, and out of the deaf landlady, the Cathedral caretaker, some start. Bing disclosures seemed to be drawn. " Still," saidthe old Bishop, " I see no overt act." "Good gracious, my lord," said the little spokesman, "are we to wait until the knife it self has been reddened ?" "God forbid," said the old Bishop. Then came two witnesses to prove motive. The first of them was the tipsy comrade of former days, who had drawn Jason into the drinking-shop. He could say of his own know ledge that Jason was jealous of the new governor. The two were brothers in a sort of way. So people said, and so Jason had told him. They had the same father, but different mothers. Jason's mother had been the daughter of the old governor, who turned his back on her ather marriage. At her death he relented, and tried to find Jason, butcouldnot, and then took Iup with Michael Sunlocks. People said that was the begiining of the new-governor's for tune. At all events Jason thought he had been supplanted, was very wroth, and swore he would be revenged. The second of the two witnesses pointed to a very different motive. He was one of the three Danes who had twice spoken .to Jason-the elderly man of. the. meek and quiet manner. Though himself loyal to the Icelandlic Republic he had' been much thrown aimong its enemies. Jason was one of them; he came here as.a spy direct from Copenhagen, and his constant asso -dates wereThomsen, an old, white-headed man living in the High street, and Polvesen,'a young and sallow man, who kept one of the stores f??cing the sea. With these two Jason had been heard by him to plan the assassination of thePresident. At this evidence there was a deep murmur among the. people, and it was seen that Greeba Shad risen agan to her feet. Her heart burned -and stormed Within her. Shetred to spenak but ' o.-ldnot. At that moment Jason turoed his thloodshot eyes in her direction, and then her i limbs gave way under her, and shesaik back with a moan. The court misread her emotion, and she was removed. Jason's red eyes fol Slowed her constantly. "This is a'case for the Warning, not for punishment," said the -Bishop. "It is plainly written in our old Law Book that if aman threaten to slay another manhe shall be warned of the gravity of the crime he contemplates and of the penalty attaching to it." " Gracious heavens, my lord," cried the little i pokesmas, " what reason have -weto enume that this prisoner is ignorant of either ? Wnth a life to guard that is prized bly friends and precous to the State shall we let this mango freowhohad sworn before witnessesto destroy atP" " God forfend," said the Bishop. Itwas lawful to question the prisoner, and so he was questioned. S'. e it true thatyou have been lying in wait 6s killtthe President 2" iaked the spokesman. SBut Jason made no answer. . "Isit true that you have done so from a de Ssire for personal vengeance 2" No answer. "Or from political motives ?" No answer. ," Orboth?' • 'Still no answer. Then the spokesman turned back to the court. "The stubborn persistence ofthepri oner is easy to:understand," he said, and Sf Wait," saidthe old Bishop, and heturned towards Jason. " Have you nny valid plea ?" .;-But Jason gave nosign. • :- "Listen," said the Bishop, "Though the man who compasses the destruction of a single life is as though he haid destroyed a world, or the posterity of him who is dead might have illed a world, yet have all laws of men since the Pentateuch recognised certam conditions that limit the gravity of the crime. Iftheman who is slain has himself slain the near kindred of his slayer, though the law of Iceland would no longer hold ?m guiltless, as in the ancient rues when evil for. evil was the rule and sen tence, neither would it punish him as a mur derer, Who must eat the bread and drink the water of misery all his days. - Now what is true of murder must be true of intent to. murder, and though I am loth to believe it' possible in this instance, honouring and loving as we all do that 'god man whom you are charged with lying in wait to kill, yet in my duty must I ask you the question- has Michael Sunlocks spilled blood of your blood, and is it as a redeemer of blood that you go about to slay him ?" There was a dead hush in the little crowded court-house as Juson lifted his heavy, bloodshot eyes to the Bishop's face and answered, inua weary voice, -' I have nothing to say." Then an a.ed Lutheran priest, who had sat within the rail, with a snuff-box in hia hand and a red print hauderchief across his knee, hobbled up to the witness stool and tendered evidence. He could throw light oun the prisoner's hatred of the President, if it was true that the President was a son of Stephen Orry. He knew the pri soner, and had named him in his hbaptism. He had lnown the prisoner's mother also, and had sat with her at her death. It was quite true that she was a daughter of the late Governor, and had beenbadly treated by her father. But she had been yet more badly treated by her husband, who married again while she was still alive, and had manother son by the other wife. On her deathbed she had heard of this, and told the prisoner, who then and there, this witness being present, made an awful vow of vengeance upon his father and his father's son. The old priest was heard in silence, anid his words sent a quiver through the court-house. EvenJason, who had shown no interest save when Greeba was removed, lifted up his blood shot eyes again and listened. And the Bishop, visibly, moved, turned to teo cort ed st ad, " Lot us put this prisoner back to be tried by the High Court andthe Lag meann." W" hat, my lord!' cried the little spokes man, witha lofty look, "and set him at liberty in the meantime, to carry out the crime he threatens ?" " Heaven forbid," said the Bishop. "Remember, until he has been condemned we have no power to hold him," said the spokesman. The Bishop turned to an usher and said, " Bring me the Statute Book," and the great tome ?ls brought. 'The Bishop opened it and again turned to thoprisoner. t" The Almighty," said he, " created one man at the beginning to teach us that all men are brethren, and the leaw of our old country provides that when two have had disputes and pursued each other on ac count of hatred, even as brethren they shall make peace before their neighbours. Now listen to the words I shall read to you, and be ready to say if you will swear to them." Then a great silence fell upon the people, while in solemn tones the old Bishop read the Peace Oath. " Ye two shall be set at one and live friendly together, at meat and at drink, in the Althing and at meetings, at kirk prayers and in king's palace; and in whatever place else men meet together, there shall yebe sosetat one, as if tlhs quarrel had never come between you. Ye shall share knife and meat together, and all things besides, as friends and not as enemies." The Bishop paused and looked over his spec tacles at Jason, who stood as before, with the cloud on his brow and the slow fire in ins deep eyes, but with no sign of feeling or interest. " Will you promise to swear to this, when he shall have returned who should swear to it with you '" said the Bishop. Then all eyes turned towards Jason, and there came across his face at that moment the look of a bated dog. " No," he growled. The spokesman shifted in his seat and the people grew restless. "Listen again," said the Bishop, and his long white beard shook and his solemn voice rose to a shrill cry as he twisted back to the book and read : "But if one of you be so mad that he breaks this truce thus made, and slays after pledges have been made and his blade has reddened, he shall bean outlaw, accursed and driven away, so far as men drive wolves farthest away. He shall be banished of God and all good Christian men, as far as Christian men seek churches, as mothere bring forth sons, son calls mother, fames blaze up, mankind kindle fire, earth is green, sun shines, and snow covers the ground ; he shall fee from kirk and Christian men, God's ouso and ankind, and from veryome save sellt" wa n md..the Bishop lifted his eyes from the book, mdsaid-C " Will you swear to it ?" Again all eyes turned towards Jason, and igain his face, which had been impassive, took the look of a bated dog. " No, no, no !" he cried in a loud voice, and then the great silence was broken by deep murmurs. " Itis useless," said the spokesman. " Ward ings and peace oaths; though still valid, are the machinery of another age. This prisoner is not ignorant of the gravity of the crime he contemplates, nor yet of the penalty attaching to it." There was an audible murmur of assent from the people. "That's true," said one. "It's the truest word spoken to-night," said another. " The old man isailformercy,"said a third. "It isn't safe," said a fourth. And there was other whispering, and much nodding of heads and ehulling of feet. Encouraged by these comments- the little spokesman added "In any other country at this age of the world a man who tacitly admitted a design to take life would be promptly clapped into prison." " Ay, ay," the people muttered, but the Bishop drew himself up and said, " In any other country a criminal who showed no fear of t the death that hung over him would be straightway consigned to a madhouse." t " We have no madhouse in this island, my lord," said the little spokesman, "save the Sulphur Mines, and there he must go." " Wait," said the Bishop," and once again he turned to the prisoner. "If this court should agree to ship you out of Iceland will you pr- I mise never more to return to it a" For the third time all eyes were turned on Jason, but he did not seem to hear the Bishop's question. "Will you promise ?" said the Bishop again. " No," said Jason. " Dangerous trifling," said the spokesman. " When you seize a mad dog you strangle it" " Ay, ay," cried many voices at once, and great excitement prevailed. The 61d Bishop drew: back .with a sigh of re ief. He loved Michael Sunlocks and had been eager to save him. He pitied Greeba, and for ( her sake also had been anxious to protect her husband. But from the moment he saw Jason and thought, "Thatman's heart is dead within him," his love had struggled with his sense of duty. As the trial went on he had reniem bered Jason and recalled his bitter history, and seized with a strong sympathy he had strained every nnerve to keep back his punishment. He I had done all he could do, hehad nothing to re proach himself with, and full of a deep and secret joy at the certainty of the safety of Sun- 1 locks, he now fell back that thelaw night take 1 its course. SThe Court was counted out, and then the Bishop turned for the last time to Jason, and delivered judgment. "The sentence of this Court," he said, "is that you be removed from here to the Sulphur MIines, and be kept there six months certain, and as long thereifter as you refuse to take the Oath of Peace pledging yourself for ever, as long as you live or the world endures, tobeatonewith your enemy as brothers before ao men living." Now Greeba alone knew the truth about 1 Jason. When she had fled from Mann~ without word or warning it had not been out of fear of him, but of her brothers. Her meeting with Michael Sunlocks, her short stay with the good old Bishop Petersen. her marriage and the festival that followed, had passed her by like a dream. Then came the first short parting with Sunlocks when he had said, " I mast leave you for a fortnight, for themen I sent in searc of yeour father have bluiidered and returned with out him.'" She had cried' a little at that, and hehad kissed her, and made a brave show of hiscourage, though she could see the tearsin his own big shinng eyes. But it was olla dream}a sweet and' happy dream, and only bs the coming of Jnason had the dream ben broken. Then followed her terror, her plea, her fear for her husband's life, her defiance of Jason, and the charge she made againsthim. And the first burst of her passidn over, she had thought to herself, "My hsband.is safe, but Jason will nOw tell alland I shall be a lost and ruined woman," for nothing had she yet said to Michael Sunlocks concermnig the man who had wooed and won and released her daringm the long years of his silence and her trouhle. "He will hear the story now," she thought, "andnotfrom my own hps but from Jason's." Being then so far immersed she could not but go on, and so she had allowed herself to be led to the court-house: No one thero had thought to ask'her if she had knowii aniything of Jason befordthat.day, anndsheori her part bad said niothi:;,g of inlwig hiii. "ut WIfaea tes?n had looked at her with eyes of reproach that seemed to go through her soul, he seemed to be saying. "'his is but half the truth. Dare you not tell the rest P" Then listemng to the lying of other wit nesses, and looking up at J3ison'stface so full of pain, and seoing how silent he was under cruel perjury, she remembered that this man's worst crime had been his love of her, and so she stag gored to her feet to confess everything. When she came to herself aiter that, she was back in her own home-her new home, the home of her happy dream, her husband's home and hers, and there her first fear returned to her... "He will tell all," she thought, "and evil tonoues will make it worse, and shame will fall upon my husband, and I shall be lost, lost, lost." She waited with feverish impatience for the coming of the Bishop to tell her the result of the trial, and at length he came. "What have they done with him ?" she cried: and he told her. "What defence did he make ?" she asked. "None," said the Bishop. " What did he say ?" she asked again. " Not a word but ' No,' " said theBishop. Then she drew a long breath of immense re lief, and at the next instant she reproached her self. How little of soul she had been! And how great of heart had been Jason ! He could have wrecked her lifo with a word, but he had held his peace. She had sent him to prison, and rather than smite he had suffered himself to be smitten. She felt herself small and mean. And the Bishop, having, as he thought, banished'Greeba's terror, hobbled to the door, for now the hour was very late, and the snow was still falling. Thepoor soul will do yeos good huaband no mischiefnow. Poor lad I poor ltd - Ater all, he is more fit for a madhou than for a prison. Good night, my child, good night." And so the good old man went his way. It was intended that Jason should start for the sulphur mines the following day, and he was lodged overnight in alittle house of deten tion that stood on the south of the High street. Butthe snowcontinued to fall the whole night through, and in the morning the roads were impassable. Then it was decided to postpone the long journey until the storm should have passed, the frost set in, and the desolate white wastes to be crossed become hare and firm. It was now Wednesday of the second week in October-the Gore month-and the Icelanders were already settling down to the long rest of the Icelandic winter. The merchants began to sleep the livelong day in their deserted stores in the cheapstead, and the bonders, who had come up with the last of their stock, to drink and doze in the taverns. All that day the snow fell in fine dust like flour, until, white as it was, the air grow dark with it. At the late dawn of the next day the snow was still falling, and a violent gale had then risen. Another and another, and yet another day went by, and still the snow fell and the gale continued. For two days there was no daylight, and only at noon through the giddy air a fiery glow burned for an hour along the southern sky and then went out. Nothing could be seen of fell or fiord, and nothing could be heard save the baying of the hounds at night, and the roaring of the sea at all times, for the wind made no noise in the soft snow, but drove it along in sheets like silent ghosts. Never before had Greeba seen- anything so terrible; and still more fearful than the great snow itself was the anxiety thatit brought her. Where was Michael Sunlocks ? Where was her father ? There was only one other whose con dition troubled her, and she knew too well where he was-he was 13ing in the dark cell of the dark house in the High street. While the storm lasted all Reykjavik lay asleep, and Greeba could do nothing. But one morning, when she awoke and turned to the window, as was her wont, to learn if the weary snow was still falling, she could see nothing at first for the coating of ice andhoar-frost that covered the glass. But the snow had ceased, the wind had fallen, the air was clear and the light was coming. The buildings of the town, from the cathedral to the hovels of the fishing quarter, looked like snow mounds in the desert; the black waste of lava was gone; the black beach was gone; the black jSkulls were gone; the black headland was gone that had stretched like a giant hand of many fingers into the black fiord; but height above height, and length beyond length, as tar as from sea to sky. and from sea to I ea, the world lay lifeless aud .slent' and white Then the town being once more awake, Greelbahad news of Jason. It came through a little English maid, whom Sunlocks had found for her, from Oscar, the. young man who. had gone out in search of her father and returned without him. Jasonwas ill. Five days he had eaten iothing, and nothing had he drunk except water. He was in a fever-a brain fever-and it was now known for certain that he was the man who had fainted outside the cathedral on the marriage morning,: that he had been ill ever since then, and that the druggist of the High street had bled him. With these tidings Greeba hurried away to the bishop. " The poor man.has brainfever," she said. "He was ill when he made the threat, and when he recovers he will regret it. I am sure he will-I know he will. Set him at liberty, for mercy's sake," she cried; and she trembled as she spoke, lest in the. far vour of her plea the bishop should read her 1 necret. But he only shook his head and looked tenderly down at her, and said very gently, though every word went to her heart like a stab: " Al, it is like a good woman to plead for one who has injured her. But no,.my child, no ; it may not be. Poor lad, no one now can do any thing for him save the President himself ; and he is not likely to liberate a manwho lies in wait to ]rkill him." " He is likely," thought Grecba, and straight way she conceived of .a plan. She would go to Jason in his prison. Yes, she herself would go to him, and prevail with him to put away all thoughts of vengeance and be at peace withher husband. Then she would wait for the re turn of Michael Sunlocks, and plead with that dear heart that could deny her nothing, to grant her Jason's" pardon. Thus it would come about that she who had stood be ween these two to separate them, would at length stand between them to bring them to gether; So thinking, and .crying a little, like a true woman, at the prospect of so much joy, she waited for Jason's recovery that she might carry her purpose into effect. Meantime, she contrived to send him jellies and soups, such as might tempt the appetite of a sick man. She thought she sent them secretly, but with less than a woman's wit she em ployed a woman on her errand. This person was the little English maid, and she hanfd over the duty to Oscar, who was her sweetheart. Oscar talked opely of what he was doing, and thus all Beykjavikknow that the tender-hearted young wife of the Governor held communicationof some sort with the man whom she had sent to jail. Then one day on heing that Jason was better, though neither was hIe so well as to travel nor was the snow hard enough to walk upon, Grieba stole across to the prison in the dark of theafternoon, saying nothing to anyone of her mission or intention. The stuttering doorkeeper of the Senate was the jailor, and he betrayed great concern when Greeba asked to see his prisoner, showing by his ghastly looks, for his words woild not come, thatit would be rash on her part, after helping so much towards Jason's imprisonment, to trust herself in his presence. " But what have I to fear ?" she thought; and with a brave smile, she pushed her way through. She found Jason in a square box built of hseavy piles, laid horizontally both for walls and roof, dark and damp and muggy, lighted by day by a hole in the wood not largerthana man's hand, and in the nightby a sputtering candle hung from the rafters. He sat on a stool; his face was worn, his head was close cropped to relieve the heat of his brain, and on he table by his side lay all his red hair, aslong as his mother's was when itfell to the shears of. the Jew onthe wharf. Hegave no signwhenr Greeba entered, though he knew she was there, but sat with his face down and one hand on the table. " Jabon," she said, "eI am ashamed. It is I who have brought you to this. Forgive me- forgive me! But my husband's life was in danser, and what was Ito do F" Still he nave no sign. . "Jason,' she said again, "you have heaped coals of fire ons my head; for I have done nothing'but injure you, and though you might have done as much for me you never have." At that the fingers of his hand on the table grasped the edge of it convulsively. "But, Jason,'" she said, " all is not lost yet. No, for I. can save you still. Listen. You shall give me your promise to make peacewith my husband; and when myhusband returns he will grant me your pardon. Oh, yes, I know he will, for he is tender- heartedm and he will forgive' you; yee, he will forgive yon-". " My curse onhiim and his forgiveness,"cried Jasc?, rising suddenly and bren, his fibt dows on tlc table. '" \Who is he tiat'he should forgive me ?: It has not been for his sake that I have been silent, with the devil at my side. urging me to speak. And for all that you have me to suffer he shall yet pay double. Let it go on; lot him send me away; lot him bury me athis mines; But I shall live to find him yet. Something tells me that I shall not die untl I have mut with that man face toface." And Greeba went back home with those mad words ringing in her ears. " It is uselessto try," she thought. " I have done all I can. My husband is before everything. I shall say nothing to him now." None the less she cried very bitterly, and was still crying when at bedtime her little English maid came up to her and chattered of the news of the day. It seemed that some -Danish storekeepers on the cheapstead had lately been arrested as spies, brought to trial andcon demned. When Greeba awoke next morning, after a restless night, while the town still lay asleep, and only the croak of the ravens from the rocks above the fiord broke the silence of the late dawn, she heard the hollow trend of many footsteps on the frozen snow of the Thingvellir road, and peering out through the window, which was coated with hoar frost, she saw a melancholy procession. Three men, sparsely clad in thin tunics, snow stockings, and skin caps, walked heavily in file, chained together, hand to bhand andleg to leg, with four armed warders, closely muffled to the ears, riding leisurely beside them. They were prisoners bound for the sul phur mines under Heckla. The first of them was Jason, and he swung along with his long stride and his shorn head thrown back and his pallid faco held up. The other two were old Thompsen, and young Polvesen, the Danish storekeepers. - It was more than Gcoba could bear to look upyon that sight, fo?it brought back the memory of that other night on that other morning, when Jason came leaping down to her from the mountams, over gorse andcuhag and hedgeand ditch. So she turned her head away and covered her eyes with her hands. And then one-two -three-four-the heavy footsteps went over the snow. -The next thing she knew was that her English maid was in her bedroom, saying, "Some strangers in the kitchen are asking for you. They are Englishmen' and have just come ashore, and they call themselves your brothers.". ; CHAPTER XXI. THE FAIlUIIROTHRIiS. Now whentheFairbrotrhrs conludedthatthey could never giverest to their tender consciences until they had done right by their poor sister Grecba they sot themselves straightway to con sider the ways and means.' Ballacraine they must sell in order that its proceeds might be taken to Greeba as her share and interest; but Ballacraine belonged to Jacob, and another provision would forthwith need to be made for him. So after much ar uing and some nag ging across the hearthof the kitchounat Lague t was decided that each of Jacob's five brothers should mortgage his farm to one-sixth its value, and that the gross sumof their.five-sixths should be Jacob's for his share. This' arrangement wouldhave the disadvantageof leaving Jacob without laud, but he showed a magnanimous spiritin that relation. I"D)n't trouble about me," said he, " it's sweet and nice to do a kind ness to your own brothers." And four of his brethler applauded that sentiment, but Thurstan curled up his red nose and thought: " Aw, yes. of coorse, a powerful big boiler of brotherly love the little miser keeps going under hisweskit." And having so decided they further con eluded to see the crops off theground, and then 1 lose no time in carrying out their design. " Let's wait for the melya," said Asher, mean ing the harvest-home, "and then off for Marky the Lord." The person who went by this I name was one Mark Skilliconi, an ad vocate of Ramsey, who combined the I functions of pettifogger with those of 3 moneylender and auctioneer. Marky the Lord was old and plausible and face tious. He was a distant relative of the Fair brothers by the side of their mother's French I family; and it was a strange chain of circum stances that no big farmer ever got into trouble i but he became a client of Marky the Lord's, that no client of Marky the Lord's did not in the end go altogether to the bad, and thatpoor a Marky the Lord never had a client who did not die in his debt. Nevertheless Marky the Lord grewricher as his losses grew heavier, andmore facetious as his years increased. Oh, h was a fi a.doB,,aAtarhythcard;hcb ere wow funnier still, arnd that was Jacob Fair brother. 'This thriftysoul had for many a year kept a nest of private savings, and even in the t days when he. and his brethren went down to make a poor mouth before their father at Cas tletown he had money secretly lent out on the I conscientious interest of only 3 per cent. above the legal rate. And thus it chanced that when Ballacraino was advertised in big letters on every barn door in the north of Mann, Jacob Fairbrother went down to Marky the Lord, and made a private s bargain to buy it in again. So when the day of t the.sale came, and Marky the Lord strode over i the fields with some thirty. meu-farmers, miners, advocates, and parsons-at his heels, f and then drew up on the roadside by the Hibernian, and there mounted the.till-board of i a cart for the final reckoning, little Jacob was too much mioved to be present, though his brothers were there, all glooming around on 1 theoutside of the group, with their handsin their breeches pockets. Ballacraine was knocked down cheap to some body that nobody knew, and then came the a work of the mortgages; so once again Jacob went off to Marky the Lord, and bargained to be made mortgagor, though no one was to be a 1 witthe wiser. And 10 per cent. he was to get from each of his five brothers for the use of the money which nest day came back to his own c hands. Thusfar all was straight dealing, but with t the approach of the time to go to Icelandthe I cmplications grew thick. Jacob had so hus banded his money that while seeming to spend z he still possessed it, and now he was troubled I to know where to lodge that portion of ] it. which he should not want in Ice land and might find it unsafe to take there. And while he was in the throes of i his uncertainty his brothers-all save John i -were in the travail of their own big con ception. ' , " NowAsher, Stean, Ross,and Thuratan,having E each made up his mind that he would go to Iceland also,had to consider how to getthere, for their late bargaining had left them all pen- 1 niless. The proceeds of the sale of Ballacraine were lodged with Jacob for Greeba, and Jacob 1 also held as his own what had come to each I man from his mortgage. So thinking that. I Jacob must have more than' he could I want, they approached him one by one, i confidentially nd slyly. And wondrous were the lies they told him, for they dare not confess that their sole need of money was to go to Iceland after him, and watch him that 3 he did not cheat them when Greeba sent them all their fortunes in return for their brotherly ] love of her. Thus Ashor took Jacob aside and whispered, " I'm morthal hard pressed for amattor of five I and thirty pound, boy--just five ind thirty, for draining andfencing. I make bold to think you'll lendthe like of it, and 6 per cent. I'll be paying reg'lar." ' ' A, I can't do it, Asher," said Jacob, " for old Marky the Lord has stripped me." Then came Stean, plucking a bit of ling and looking careless, and he said, " I've got a iine thing on now. I can buy a yoke of plough ing oxen for thirty pound. Only* Ihirty and a dead bargain. Can you lend me the brass ? But whisht's the word, for Ross is sneaking after them." " Very sorry, Stean," said Jacob, " but Ross has been here before you, and I've just lenthim 1 the money." ' . . Loss himself came next and said, "Iborrowed five-and-twenty pound from Stean a bit back, and he's not above threatening to sell me up for a dirty little debt. like that. Maybe ye'd tideme over the trouble and say nothing to Stean." " Make your mind easy, Ross," said Jacob. "Stean toldme himself, and I've paidhim all you owe him." . So these two went their ways and thereafter eyed each other threateringly, but neither dare explode, for both had their secret fear. And last of all came Thurstan, made well drunk for I the better support of 'his courage,' and he I maudled and cned. " What d'ye think ? Poor Ballabeg is dead-him that used to play the fiddle atchurich-and the diold parson wants me to take Baliabeg's placo up in the gallery loft. Says I'd be wonderful good, at the viol-bass. I wouldn't mind doing it neither, only it costs such a power'of money, aviol- bassdoes-twenty, porunds maybe." , ." "Well, what of that ?" said jacob, interrupt ing him, "the parson says he'll lend you the money. He told me sohimself." With such shrewd answers did Jacob escape from the danger of lending to his brothers, whom he could not trust. But he lost no time ingoingdown to Marky the Lord and offering his money to be lent out on interest withgooa security. Knowing nothing of this, Asher, Stean, Loss, and Thurstan each in his turn stole down to Marky the Lord to borrow the sum he needed. And. Markythe Lord kept his own worthy'counol, and .showed no unwise eager ness;e First he said to Jacob, "I can tend out' your money oan gooe security." . . "t "'Who to?" said Jacob. . "That I've given my word not to tell. What a interest do you want ?" " Not less than twelve per dent," said the Stemperate Jacob. S "I'll get it," said Marky the Lord, and Jacob I went away with a sly snile. a Then said Marky the Lord to each of the borrowers in turn. " I can find you the I money." " "Whose is it ?" asked Asher, who came the .first y " That I've sworn not to toll," said Marky the Lord. a "What interest?" h "Only four er cent to my friend." a Well, and that's reasonable, and he's a right h honest, well-meaning man, whoever he is," said p Asher. "That he is, friend," said Markythe Lord, " but as he had not gotthe money himself he a had to borrow it of an acquaintance, hnd pay ,ten per cent. for the convenience." a "Sohe wants fourteenper cent!" criedAsher. e "Shoo! Lord save us! Oh, the grasping miser. f It's outrageous. I'll not pay it--the Nightman f fly away with me if I do. t You need be under no uneasiness about I that," said Marky the Lord, "for I've .three F other borrowers ready to take the money the moment you say you won't. "Hand it out," said Asher, and away he I went, fuming. STten Stean, Ross, and Thurstan followed Sone by one, and each behaved as Asher had \- done before him. When the transaction was 1 complete, and the time had come to setsail for Iceland, many and wonderful were the shifts of the four who had formed the secret design to conceal their busy preparations. But when all .was complete, and berths taken, all six in the same vessel Jacob and Gentlemen John rode Sround the farms of Lague to bid' a touching r farewell to their brethren. : S" Good-bye, Thurstan," said Jacob, sitting on the cross-board of the cart.. " We've had 1 arguments in our time, and fallen on some 1 rough harm in the course of them, but we'll Smeet for peace and quietness in heaven some Sday." " We'll meet before that," thought Thurstan. And when Jacob and John were gone on towards Ramsey, Thurstan mounted the till board of his owh cart, and followed. Mean time Asher,. Stean, and Ross were on their journey, and because they did not cross on the road they came face to face for thefirst time, all six together, each lugging his kit of clothes behind him, on the dock of the ship that was to take them to Iceland. Then Jacob's pale face grew livid. "What does this mean ?"he cried. "It means that we can't trust you," said Thurstun. "None of you ?" said Jacob. "None of us, seemingly," said Thurstan, glancing round into the confused faces about him. "What! Not your own brother?" said Jacob. " ' Near is my shirt; but nearer is my skin,' as the saying is," said Thurstan, with a sneer. 'Poor once, poor for ever,' as the saying is," mocked Jacob. "Last week you hadn't twenty pound to buy your viol-bass to play in the gallery loft." Stea laughed at that, and Jacob turned hotly upon him. " And you hadn't thirty pound to buy youryoke of oxen that Ross was sneaking after." Then Ross made a loud guffaw, and Jacob faced about to him. " And maybe you've paid back your dirty five-and-twenty pound that Stean threatened to sell you up for r" Then Stean gloweredhard at Ross, and Rosa looked black at Stean, and Asher almost burst his sides with laughter. " And you, too, my dear eldest brother," said Jacob, bitterly, "you have the advantage of me in years but not in wisdom. You thought, like the rest of them, to get the money out of me, to help you to follow me and watch me. So that was it, was it ? But I was too much for you, my dear brother, and you had to go else where for your draining and ditching." "So I had, bad cess to you," said Asher; "and 14 per cent. I had to pay for the shabby loan I got." At that Stean and Ross and Thurstan pricked up their ears. " And did you pay 14 per cent?" said Stean. " I did, bad cess to Marky the Lord, and the grasping old miser behind him, whoever he is." And now it was Jacob's turn to look amazed. "Wait," he said; "I don't like. the look of you."' "Then shut your oyes," saiThurstan. -I'Did:Markyh e Lord lend you the money ?" " SAnd you, too?" saidJacob, turning stiffly to Stean. S"Ay," said Stean. "And you?" said Jacob, facing towards Ross. 'I darn say no," said Ross. " Andyou, as well ?" said Jacob, confronting Thurstan. " Why not ?" said Thurstan. "The blockhead!" cried Jacob. "The scoundrel! It was my money-mine-mine, I tell you, and he might as well have pitched it into the sea." Then the four men began to double their fists. "Wait!" said Asher. "Are you the grasp ing young miser that asked 14 per cent. ?" "He is, clear enough," said btean. "Well," said Thurstan, "I really think look you, boys, I really do think, but I speak under correction-I really think, all things con sidered, this'Jacob is a damned rascal." " I may have the advantage of him in years," said Asher, doubling up his sleeves, " but if I can't--" " Go to the devil," said Jacob, and he went below, boiling hot with rage. It was idle to keep up the quarrel, for very soon all six were out on the high seas, bound to each others' company at bed and board, and doomed to pass the better part of a fortnight together. . So before they came to Iceland they were good friends after their fashion, though that was perhaps the fashion of cat and mouse, and being liinded at Reykjavik they wore once more in their old relations, with Jacob as pursebearer and spokesman. "And now listen," said that thrifty person. "What's it saying? 'A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.'. We've got our bird in the hand, haven't we ?" "So we have," said Asber; "six hundred goolden pounds that Ballacraine fetched at the sale." . "Just so," said Jacob; "and before we part with it let us make sure about the two in the bush." Withthhat intention they started inquiries, as best they could, . tiuching -the position of Michael Sunlocks, his salary and inlluence. And in spito of the difficulties of languaege they heard and saw enough to satisfy them. Old Iceland was awakening from a bad dream of three bad centuries and setting to work with a will to become a power among the States; the young President, Michael Sunlocks, was the restorer and protector of her liberties; fame and honour were before him, and before all who laid ahand to his plough. This was what they. heard in many jargons on every side. "It's all right,' whispered Jacob, " and now for the girl." . : :' They had landed late in the dayof Greoba's visit to Red Jason at thle little house of d-ten. tioil, and had heard of her marricge, of its festivities, and of the attempt on the life of the President. But though they knew thea Jason was no longer in Mann they were to>' much immersed in their own vast schemes to puttwo and two together, untilnext morning they came upon the sad processiocn bound for 'the Sulphur Mines, andsaw that Jason was one of the pri soners. They were then on their way to Government-house, anid Jacob said wiih a wink, "Boys, that's worth remembering. When did it do any harm to have two strings to your bow ?" The others laughed at that, and John nudged Thurstan and said, "Isn't he a boy!" And Thurstan grunted and trudged on. lee aae eevTaUeoe) 