THE FROZEN,1v PIRATE. S:i i.: W.. LARK RUSSEJLL, Ajithor of I ThoWredk of thle' Grosvenor ',The Lady Mau;sd,' ,' A" Sailor' Sweet-,, :.c Csrra XV.I -(?Orrre.DE.) : It naturall r??endiered .e v e lancheoly to reflect that' Ihid rfstored this old villain to life, aid I protest, it? 'as `a contimmuns shocki to such religidus: fel?ngs an I, lad 'lnkigen d to I pre'ser? e"to r :flect that what lid .een as 'gool ais nearly halt 'a century..of: 'death"Hlill"doned ".nothing, for this elderly, rirgune moins;' It' entered my head once to believe tlh' if Icould succeed n getting him. to beli?o I.for forty-dlght elars la ntbe eied with a fright (r lid ?w'assti.wldlteli.vered creature),; and ia t6i'aoilrc?ctihus'nileaid, aInd. so come to a sense. bf the ?ii"vice: I haduldone lum, of which .lhe ippeared wholly iyasensible, and qualify me to rid'nmy'mnid ef'.tlidc fears w ahih I enter 'thinidx"cohlaeron iaag oahr" l~ocation,, should aid mnauigo' to esape Wtvithl the treasure.. I said to hini bluntly' nott' ?api:ops (to nes his 'd vii'lsno)" of 'lytlhft". wi were" talking. ' "'is odd, Mfr. Tani?ir', you should douibt rni1balnimiunce that' thidi is ethe year tighteen ,'haual±'and vone.' d ' "''' " ,: : . :.. ,o: -,A.Ho"f'tared, 'grh in?tne,"and s"id;', Do you.. tllnksb'opl C.'(,,:, I-s','I; 'i:-4 :::.: , . ' "L a Well,' said'If'' trailihi' its I' notsbo;odd after all'; butyou'saouldasufftr' meto liac +sogoaal- a dIada iof" tho "pansage'of 'time -a :yourselfe WYon' cannottt t hineow'log'your. stupor IlsatxJd'.,ir;. . u th.;:aO:l,.. -ii . ,r .'ivo'. days "lf.you'likeb"'. hbo interrnpt?d vehenmently. '.Why -morff? Iii?rhy.ldnger; .tlham aday ,Hsow.,ido,tyou dkow. that I had ,sumk into ,thef condition inhatich'kyou foiisil d ,me longer.a tlhanmn, howus or two: when you, landed H.Ilow.,do ,'you",knolV, :hya?y: ltow do you' know i' andl'h snappedllhils fingrs. i. ' I knbr by tlhe tbto you. i'imd, andi by the year that this:is,',said Idellantly. `., . SIe"u titacodla coia? o Frcnch expression, an? addld, rYoui ,?want to prove that I haves been inis'esiblo firforty-tilght years.', .' It is'the faict,':saeid I., `He looked so wild aind firce: tlant I drw' myself erect ready forlim -it he; slhould fall I upou'n m '. 'Theni, lowly wagging his heai 1 wialdtli augerin hle face eoftened out; he a shid;'' Who reigns iisn rance now P' , SIsaid,.here s no king; he was be Whe at?.,sli. 'ii ,e sai e , . ','Louisi.ti~'Sixtesntli,' I answered. t I S'thI' `"eriald' hb, ,' withli an,. hrch sieer;' '.Louii' thle"Slkti?eth hylie ' Are you sure it' wi?au't.'Leoui't o Seventeeditli 1. " 'H is dei't,';. '"' 'Tlis is news, Mr. Itooeys' si~lie scorn-I may... ' ., .t Shilst you . have been here,'. said I, 'm niny mighty changes have lueppened. 1 Framce lhas produced its great a general and ats dangerous a villain as the world ever behold ; his name is Blronaparto.' Hle shrugged lls shoulders with an air of mockiog pity. ' Who ms your king P ho asked. d aGeorge the Thi,' said I; ' God bless him !' ' So-George "and Louis- Louis and I George. .I see how it is. Stick to your dates,'sir. Bult, my frieind, never set up: aas a schoolrmuster.' This sadly seemed to.delight hui, and lihe burst into a load laauih. " 'E' Eighteen hundred atid one !' lie cried. A siue I knew once lost ten thousiaul livres at a coup. WVhat do you think happenld 1 They settled int him here ;' lo patted Iis helly : ' lhe went about bragging to everybody that lhe was made of money, and was nickntmeaet thelo walking,bourse. One dlay hl asked a ' friend to dio . with 1him; when the bill was presented' he felt in his pockets, aind exclained, "a I loft 'my puass at lhomro. No Imaatter; there is plenty heroe ;" with" which he seized a tablo-knife and ripped lhims self open; . Eighteen hundred and one, d'ye call it ? Soil. But let it be Your secret, sly friend. The world will not love you for making it fifty ecars older than it is.' It was' ridiculous to attempt to combat + sulch obstilaoy eas this, and as the subject prodleed nothing but exeitenraeat aind irrata tion, I dropped it. anad meddled with it no I more, leaving ]lisa to his convietion that I + was cracked in this one particular. Isn felut, it wits a matter of no consequence at ill ; what ecane very much closer home was the businessi of our .dcliverance, and over this we. talked long and very earnestly, for lie forgot to be mean and ftirce and boiastful,' and I to dislike and fear hlim, when we sspoke of 'getting away' with our treasure, and re tunrmiang to ouar 'sutive lhome. For hour after hour would we go on plot ting and planning and scheming, stepping a aboi t the cook-loaLse in our arnaimtness, anldL entirely engrossed with the topic. His con- I rtentions wias that if we were to save the mnolney aud plato, we must save thile schooner. SUsnless we build It vessel,' said I. ' Out of whiat !' ' Oat of this schooner.' SAre you a ciarpenter P' said lhe. a No,' I replied. Neither am I,' 'said he. ' It's po t 'siblo' we might contrive suach a etraue tuare its would enable ias to save ouar lives baut we have inot the skill to produce a vessel big enough to contain those chests as well as ourselves, and the stores we should require to toake. Besides, do you know there is no labour more fatiguing than knocking such a craft as this to pieces l 'This I very well beloeve, and it was traser of such i vessel as tile Boca del Dragon that t wias a prfect bed of timber, and, like tlhd Langh Ig Mary, built as if she was to keep the seas for three hundred yeares. 'nd supposing,' said -he, ' after infllite toil we succeeded ime breaking up ans much of her as we wanted, what appliances have we I for re-shaping the curved timbers t and where are we to lay the keel P Labour as we might, the . cold would -prove too aalch for lis. No, M1r.. RoIdney, to. siave the treasure, ay, and to save ourselves, we amustt save the ship. Let us put our minds to that.' In this way we would 'reason, and I con fess'.he' taalked,vcry. sensibly, taking very practical vioww , and indicating diftlullties which my more ardent anidinmeginativo nature might have been blind to till they immovably eonfronted me, and rendered days of labouar .iseless. Bat hoi.'. 'was lethe ship (to be arivWed? Was it, poissible' ,to force Naturoe's hand; in otiher' wordsl, to anticipato oeir release by' the' 'diissolutton' of the icel., WeVo were both agreed that this was 'the l iinte' seasonlin thlese ons4, though hlo:instantly grow sulky if I mentioned the monouth, for lheo was "as ,certain I. was as nnid in thlis as in tile yoar, iind he' wo?old eye'. ano very mnalgiimtly ifI persisted in 'calaing it July. But, as I.havo sANd, wowereO'botleh'arced thaat the sumamer wai to co?eo,. nnd thoulghl we could not'sweari, that thle ice was floaiting in'orthwards;'wo hid a right to believe so, ail spiteo of the fierceness of the. cold, this being the trick of all these frozen esbtates when tlhey fetch to the heights' uider wldich we lay; and we would ask cash' other whlether we should let our hands and minds rest idle and wait tosaeo whlat theosummer would do for us, oreseny to launch the schoouer. ' If, said he, "we wait for the ico to break up it smay break usup too.' .. ' 'Yes, sad Id; "but'how are'we to cut the ii vessel out of tho'iac:in' which she is seated to above the gurboard'.streak?"'" Wiaiting in I odious., and. intolerable. work; bhat my own convietion is, nothing is to be donr till the I sun comes this way, and thae ice crunbles indt bergs.' 'The island is leagues long, and vasnilihes in' tihe. south; but it s.wastin fast iii'the'iorth, and whdnthis gale is dono I shall expect to see twenty bergs where it was before an companot.' . .. g, . i ; rAs youe'may guess, oar long oonversai tionas loft' usiwithout plans, bitter as was our need' and vigourons as were our efforts to' atrike 'upon'somo' likely sahome." How ever5'If they achleved no more, they served ,to beolls tho..time. and what' was better et, ,they", took my : companion's ': mind oft his nauseons ,and ,revolthig recollee tions, sthat- itwas ',only rnow' and again, ,whenbehehad ,drained', a -full , bowl,'aud his littlo eyes ,dancedi In ithoir .thick-shagged caves, thathe regaled' so with his memories 1 *~'ublhaled by spoeal nrrasgmeat wiath the autho~r ,of. iiider, rapine, plank-walking, hanging, treacheries of.,all: 'kinds, and eruelties too barbarous for belief. Caonran XIX.--WV TAun A.Vsew OF TilE S .Ice. :,For. seven days the gale rnige with un. common violence ; it then broke; and this brought us into the first week of August. •The wind fell In the. nsegh, ind I was awntioned by the silences which you will not think strange if you consider how used were ,mycars. to, the fierce: seething and strong bellowin. of, the" blast. I lay! listening, belipvfng that it had only'..:vied, ;and that it would.eome on. a?ni in agiants aiit guns; but tho:stillness contmued.! and there was no sonnmLwhatever saving the.noissn of the ice, which 'broke'upon the. air like slow answers from batteries ear, and distant,. dialf Whose cannons'rhavi, bedi silenced. ',, : ' I slept' rain, and when I awoke 'it was half. past.nine o'clock in the. mornisig. The Frenchman was snoring: lustily:.'aI went on deck before, entering theo cook-house, and had like to have been blinded by the Istonish ing;brilllianuce of :the sunshine! upon thetice and snow. ".:All the wind .wis gono.: i The, air was exquisitely !frosty and sha'ps' But there was a heavy'soundcoming from the ser'.which gav nme oto expect.the sight of' a strong.awell." ':The sky was a clear blne, and there was no cloud on as much of it.face'nas showed betwixt the brows of thoeslopes. STho'schopner was a most wirndorful'ploture' of droopling' iicles. A more beutifnul and 'radiaut sightyou could notfiur.' From' avery. rope, from the yards.furiirr ,from the rails, from whatever water cLbuld ruth in a stream, .ljng -glorions,. ice-pendants of i prismatic splendour. ..No snow had fallen:to frost the aurfaces; and every petidaitt -.as as puire and polished as cut-glass atd refledted a hundred brilliant colours. The watei hurled over and on-the'schooner. had froze upon the mast, 1 rigging, and: decks, and as this iees like the the.peodants, was verysparklingly bright, it gave back all the hues of .th smnnbeam, so that, stepping from the :darkness 'of the cabi 'into -this. effulgent seese, you inight ?,nly have permuaded yourself that before you t std the fabric of. a ship fa4shioned'out of a rainbow. ' ' Myyattention, however, was quickly with dnrawn from thisnshining spectacle by the appearance of the starboard cliff over against our qurator.- The whole shoulder ;bf it had broken away, and, I could just catch a view of the horizon of the sea fronh:the deck by stretching, my. figure.: -The 'sight of the ocean showed mo that the breakage had been prodigious, for to have come to that prospect before, I 'should have had to climb to the height of the main lower masthead. No.other a mnarked or noteworthy ehaune did I detect' from the deck ; but on stepping to, the lur board side to peer. over I spied a split in the' ice that reached from the very margin of the. ravine, I mean, to that end of it. where it' terminatodin a cliff, to pass the bows' of the schooner. by at least four times her own length. I returned to the cook-roont and went albout the old business of lighting the fire and' proparing the breakfast-this job, by an understanding between the Frencuhman and 1 mo, fulling to him who was first out of bed- t andin about twenty mtinutts Tasard arrived. ' The wind is gone,' said he. ' Yes,' I replied, ' itis a bright, still morn ing. I have been on deck. Thcre has been a great full of ice close to.' 'Does it block us f' ' No, on the contrary, it clears the way to the sea; the ocean is now visible from the deck. Not that it mends our case,' I added. ' But ther is a great rent in the ice that puts a fancy into my head ; I'll speak of it later t after a closer look.' 'The' breakfastwas ready, and we fell 'to in a hiurrythoFreichnman gobbling like a hog in his engerness to make, an end. 'When we t werb finished he wrhpped himself up in tlnec , br four c'iitn and' clbaks, ivarnuing the tinder i ones befoie"folding them 'about himn, and completing'his preparatioii for'tlhe excursion l by swallowing' half a pint of raw hbrandy. I f bade hbu anri himself with a short-headed spear to save his neck ; and tlun equipped we went on deck.' 11o stood stock-still with his eyes shut on t emcriug'through the' hatch, crying out 'ithh a number of French atlhe that lie had benes struck blind. This I did not believe, though I readily supposed that the glaremadehis eye- "t balls smart so as to cuuse him a good deal of agony. Indeed, all along I. had been sur prised tihat lie should have found his'sight I Ho easily after having sat in blindness for 1 forty-eight years, and it was not wonderful 1 that the ainuing brilliance on deck, smiting lis sight on a sudden, should have caused d him to cry out as if ie lhad lost the Ise of his eyes for ever. t I waited patiently, and in about ten 1i minutes he was able to look about him, and h then it was not long before liecould see with-. out pain. Hu-I stood ia minute gazing at the I glonais upon the rigging, and in that piercing light I noticed the unwholesome colour of t ids face. His cap hid thie sear, and nothiing t of hisi counteunance wlas to be seen but th I cheeks, eyes, and nose; lle was much more d wrinkled than I hadsupposed, and motholnght f the spirit of cruelty lay visible in every line. e Thad never seen eyes so full of cunning and treachery-so expressive, I should amy, of li these qmalities, 'yet they were no bigger than mere punctures. I was sensiblo of a ilolnen- i tafy fear of the tman-not, let me say, an emotion of oivardice, buit a sort of mixture ti of ialarm' aild lawe, such as a ghost might inspire. This I put down to the searching light in which I watched him for a moment or two, an irradiation snbtle enough p to give the sharpest form to expression, to exqulaitely define every meaning that was dis- i tinguishable in his gravoeyard physiognomy. . I left him to staro and judge for himself of the posture in which the long hard gale had a put the schooner, and stepped over to the two t, bodies. They were' shrouded in ice from head to foot,' an though they' had 'each man been ilkedl in a glass case cunningly wrought to h their shapes. Their faces were hidden by the t crystal masnks. Tassurdjoined me. h " a Snutl chance for your 'friends now,' said I, ' even if you were agreeable to my propo salto attemptto revive them.' c Sol ' cried he, touching the body of the mate with hlis foot ; ' and this is the end of t the irresistible Trentinove ! for what con- b qlueste hias, Dath, robbed him so 'bravely P See thi' colburs- shine i him like fifty kinds of ribbands. Poor follow ! he could not curl I his moanstachios now, though the loveliest' eses 'i Europe were fixed iui pnssibpi.te ambuiration on him. 'le'll neverslit niatliter throat, nor hiccup Potnrreh over a goblet nor remonstrate" with' 'me 'on 'mny ihumanity. Shall we toss the bodies oiver tlhe'ide P'"' 't S' They are your friends,' 'said I ' do as you it e mst empty their ' kot first. Basiness before santiment;, 'Mr.L; Rodney." '. IHe stirred the filure agln'with his foot; . ? ell, presently,' idhe, ' this armour will wnt'theo: hatchbt;' Now, my friend, to view the work of the gaile.' '' . "... The firmscedl heel of the ship hrought the larboard fore-channel'low; andwo' stenped h without difiaiulty fromt it 6n the 'ice.':' The renteor flssre that I have before spoken of went verydeep; it was neirly two' feet wide ;place, but, though' 'the light 'poured briantlf upou it, I could soee no bottom. ' ". If. onlsuh another split as tithis 'would 'amnpen tother side,': sasfid the Frenhman, i I believo this.block woldgo uadrift.' '1 " S.Velli?'said dlafter inuling a litti.whilst I I ran my!:yeobvei'the hollows; ' I'll tell yo. what was si'my mind'just nowne 'There is a great quantity of'rgnpowder in" thei hold;. toen or a dozren brrls. By droiing ni ergo pareel:'of.'it'intoa;tho ?crevces on the right theroeand firing it with: low-matches--' Ho interirupted in with' a cry: ' By St. Paul, you have it' I What crevices .have yonF' '' ":' ""'. ' " 'Wa walkcd 'brislkly rouida the vessel, and 'll 'about hid.beanm 'and starboard quarter I found; in addition to tlhe mims I had before noticed,, many, great cracks. and' fisaures, canusd"no'doubt bytihifall of the shoullder of th?'slolio. ""I'puahed on further gyet, going I d~j?"'telbl'rivine, as I' have' calle?lIt, tintl I nSsqoio t tlibdg ; add here I looked down 'tei thl ctr'-uqiln thie ocean. I believi'd'ho fosid I might ie tmpted to giVe hiim afriendly shove over the edgo. . .,' Observe this hollow,' said I'; th' spit '(ther6 goes dcovn' to Aho Water, and you nsay take it thoa the block is wholly discoInnIeted on thit'side.a . Now look. at the face of the ifee, said I pointing - to the starboard or right-hanu: side ; ' that crack goes as far as the vessel's quarter,, and thoe weakness Is carried on;to past the bows by thp other rents. -Mr. Tsasnard, if we. could burst this body of ice. by an 'explosion from its moor ings ahead .of the bowsprit, where it is all too compact, this cradle with the schooner in it will go free of the parentbody.' HIe answered promptly, ' Yes; it is thegno andonly plahmn. That rack to starboid is like telling us what to do. It' is' well you came here. ?eo should not have seen it from the top.' Thisvalley runs'steep. . Yoe must ex poet no more than tho.surfaco to be' liberated, for the foot'of-the cliff will go deep.' ' desire no'more.' ' ' 'Will the shlip'(atahbc wsuch.'alaunch, sap po)sijgwd bring itaiiout f' said he. .''" I respondedwith bno ofhisowii shrubs, and iueid, ! Nothing- is certain. ' We have one of two : courses to choos--te .'venture ths launch;, or. stay till thaico':breals;nup, and take oar 'dh'aneo :of floating or of being smasOhed.' ' . ' 'You' hre right,' he exzlaiihdd. ;"IHero is an- opportunity.' 'If 'we 'wait;' bers may aither ablout' this point, ad bild us in. As to this islaiid dissolvingiwo are yet fo'know which iay 'tis heading. - Suppose it should bl'travellng south, hey ' " . 'IHe struck the lee 'with his spear,'and we toiled up the slippery rock? with difliaulty to .the ship.' We walked past the bdwd to the distance of the vessel's lengthý l 'Here were many. deep holes and aracmc6, and as if we were to lie taught how t:leso:; canme about, even whilst we were cviewingthem, an ?ear-splitting crnisl of noise 'happened. within twenty fathom';of tus t rook many tobs iri weightrolledover, andleft a blaick gulf behind it. '. The Frenchman started,- mutteed, and crossed himself.-; 'IIoly'Virgi?n!' ho'ifried, rolling his eyes." Let? u?s 'return' to, the schooner. 'i " Sih ll b swallowed qp hero.' I own I was not a little terrified hmielf by the siddeoldoud blast 6anl the thunder. of theo beiirodtefl . rnckclndtho slght of ,tho',huge black' reti t;;' j bu ' I mentat to view tho scane frnm:th'i'top; and to consider how best to dis pose of the powder; in theo cracks iand said, 'There s' nothing 'to .beo aone on' board; "skuling blow 'will not deliver us or preserve the treasire. '6eii:arne soeral fissures big cuough to reelvo 'barrels of gunpower:.. See, Mr.:Taru trd-'as:.they'stand they covpr the whole width of the hollow.' - SAnd I proceteded to gimv him my ideas as to lowering, 'flxng :the .blirrols,; and thi like. lie nodded his head, ?i?d'ii?rd, ' Yes, very good; yes; it will do,' aln'd'ld- n; butwas too scared in hls.heart, Ib.'iayo,'to4 aeo my full meaning.' IIo wle pirp?tully? ino?n~ , 'as if he feared the c'wul~ io plit wrider his fe"t,; and'his eyes' travellied ld thb faco of the rocks with every mauifeitntio of·laron in their expression. I wondoured ho'so poor a creature should ever` havo 'had "btomach enough to serve as a pirate; 'no' doubt his spirit?lad been enfeebled by his long. ldeep; but theni it is, also truo that the greatest bullies and most bloodthirsty rogues prove themselves despicable curs under conditions which make no denumud upon their temper or their lhit for plunder. lo would have returned to the ship had I encouraged liim, but on seeing me start to climb to the brow ho fdllowed. The prospect disappointed me.' I had expected to witness a variety of surprising claunges, but south ward the scene was scare, altereld. It twas a onderfully fair moraniig, the sky clear from sea-line to sea-line, and of st very soft' blue, the ocean of a like hue, with .a . high swell running, that was a majestic undulation aren from the height at which I surveyed it..'I The sun stood over the ice in the north-east, andt the. dazzle kept me weepiug,, so intolerable was the.ethulgence. . alf.. of the delicate iirchitetiire thit had enriched the slopes and surfaces that way was 'swept down, and ice lay piled in planes to an lceyation of'iihany feet,'wlihere before ithlaed be.n iilat dr.ihollisw. Howeveir, there was no question but,thsit the galo' had played hlavoc with, the north ex tremity of the island. , I.cointednoless than twenty beigs floating of the.o'nain, and itwas qiote likely the sea was crowded beyond, though my sight could not travel so far.. However, when I came to look . closeo, and' 'to renollect the features of the shore as they lhowed when I. first hladed, I found somo vital changes near at hand. Where my haven had been the ice had iveon way and left a gap half a nmile broad and a hundred feet deep, Theo fall on the scheoner's starboard quarter was very heavy, and the ice was split in cll diiretions ; aidn inI parts was so loose that a. point of clifft' hard upon the sea rocked with the swell. lVhen'Tassaird came to a stand: he looked about him north and south, shading hia eyes with his hand, unld then swearing very savagely itt French, lie cried out int ElgHish;' freeljy employing oath.s's he spoke '\Vlhy; hero's as mnucl ice as there was before I fell asleep ! Soe yonder!' pointing to the south. It dies out in the distance. If it does not-johi the polo there, may the devil rise before me us I speak. 't'hunder and fury i I had hoped to see it shrivelled to an ordlilay berg !' ' ' What ! in i week. ' cried I, ias if I be lioved his stupor had not linsted longer. 1ei returned no answer f lnd giapued about lint full of consternation and passion.m ' Aild are weo. to wait for our delivernceo till this' continent breaks up !' 'lie ba!led. ' The day of jiudgment will be a thing of' the past by ' th tiame. Trivelling north I 'sdth !' hlie roared, his mouth full of theex pletives of his day, French ind English. Who but a madman could suppose that this ice is not nas fixed as the antarctic circol to which it in moored.? Why, six monthsago it was no bigger than it is now I" 'And he sent a furious, terrified gaze into the white soli tudes vanishing in azure faintness in' the south- west. 'it was not a'tling to reasoln'ulri. 1.iwas as muich disappointed as he by triflingchanges the g?ale hld made, and my heartfelt very heavy at the sight of the great field 'disap pearrnng in the south. Thb bergs' i the north signilled little. It is true they indi cated demolition, but demolition so slow as to be worthless to us. It was not to be ques-. tioned that the island was proceeding north, bat it t what rite Hero, perhais, nmight boa frozen crescent of forty or fifty leagues; and at what speed, appreciable enough to beoof the Iqast consequence to our calclatliois, should such a body travel , I looked at the Frenchman'; :' This moust decide'usa!' ilddl . I 'We musot fix on one of two cours?es-endeavour to laui~ph th n ship by blowing lup t?he ice, or turn to 'and rig up.the best arrangment we cran' contrive and put to sea. . Yes,' ho ansmwered, cbwling as he darted his enraged cyes over the ie.o Blt'"Btter s9 slo.r-matih in the magazine hd drink' qur selvcs'sendeleis, anid so blow ourselves to hell, than lingei heid' in thlo liopoe that this continent ' will' dissolvd 'iii release ;us. WVhre's 3fondoqa's body ' , I atrclailtbout Id,and'th~in pointing toithe huge giap the ice .had midld, answered, 'It was there. . Where it is 'now I knowinot,'. Hio shraighed hi,'bshotlders, tooki another view of the ico arid tihe ocml', and thenaried impatienitly, 'Let us retunl I the pow4er barrels'masat hiai'e the first ihiaice.'e And he mado forthl sehooneri, isuvaigely striking tha ice vwith his spear and grwli!-g aurses to imselfashoplosloghedUand~ln boandjumpeOd his way along. ". . .. . I(rO 55 cosirsem.) 