POINTS. ... Ghost Btouyv— A most aensational story will appear in to-morrow's Telegraph. Mb.' Pbibboh had a lively ' meeting at the .. Stratum Hall lust night. In tho opinion of eomo it was decidedly superfluous. Tns questions a&kod; wore in soma instances of a high-toned character. Onb person's grievanoo was that the goats in the division marred his midnight »lnmbera by ? . hutting at hie door. Wbio he had asked tho question his wholo duty was discharged, foe he immediately lo tho room. Anothbd question roforred to the nuisance of -pigeons in the division. . Mn. Petbsoh's objection to a certain member of the division ia an extraordinary one — it w*s \- because ho owned a bull. Sous of the questions put to Mr. Peirann were smartly answered — at least ho thought so. In some cases he answered a fool according to his folly, or rather he said ho did. Evabb Exposure.— To meet, the great do rnand, a full aocount will be published in to .. morrow's Telegraph. The Victoria Park gold find is all up a tree. It is cot true that Pattieon was afraid it would rival Mount Morgan. He wants to see come along tho goldfield 'that will do that. Pattem6n'b seances are about tho best things going this week. Satubday's Telegraph will contain 12 pages of current news, latest cablegrams, telegrams, &c;, &c.; Auchee is going to give Notman a good meal before he starts, and something in his pockets. ? , O'Biuen ran away, and lived to fight another day j hardly a day. Abcbdotce Kot-ou?h is dead., Anybody could die as he did. SniiL they do thesn things well in Europe. Blake Bays if they will allow him to paint Brisbane, he will defy the oldest firemen in the world (no name given) tu burn it down. Geeat Buramblc for seats in the New South . Wales Parliament. As usual, the protectionists are cutting their own throats by offering more candidates than there are seats in some places. Bbitish Admiralty taking on more seamen. More taxes to follow. Mb. Wbaqoe ordered a storm or two, and they are now to hand. Should this sort of importation continue, there will be an opening for a new tax. It requires a deputation to a Minister to got a goods-shed built. Ob rather, when a goods-shed is desired this faot is represented by a deputation; 'Tatebs is ria;' but when that is so the Doctor does not eat any, and they full. - De. Macobeoob having knabbed those Arcell murderers, has tiied them, and will Bhoot or nang tnem. Tbbbb is a capital show of candidates for divisional boards. Db. Points suggests to ratepayers that they will not always find the cream at the top. Bibmakck has had a long day, but it draweth to an end. Another trio of candidates held forth on municipal matters last night. TnE Woolloongabba State school was well filled with attentive ratepayers who, by the way, were not asked to carry the usual vote of confidence. Stbphenb, Heaslop, and Scanlan, all mado goad speeches. The first two showed up what they regard as 41 Ijuya'8 little game,' and it is not likely No. 2 people will have anything to do with him. An enthusiastic supporter of Luya's wanted to know why Stephens and Heaelop had ohanged their opinions on the bridge question. He was, however, a little bit flabbergasted when told that they had not changed their opinions hut that Luya hud. It was pointed out to him that Luya voted for a biidge to River terrace but was now opposed to anything but the Peel street struc ture. Fob the Yotjng and Old. — In to-morrow's Telegraph a ghost story. Stesbens and Go. 'a meeting last night was quite a model in its way. Excellent order was maintained ; speeches were short and to the point ; and the meeting did not last more than an hour and a quarter. The usual vote of confidence in the candi dates, which does not moan anything, was very properly omitted from the proceedings. A candidate for municipal honours at a recent meeting asked tho reporters present if they made up good speeches for had speakers., When told that that was their business, he went away apparently well satisfied that the papeiB next day would show that he had made a (rood speech. The Last Chance. — To secure a full aocount of . the Evans exposure trick buy to-morrow's . Telegraph. The tables were turned on Jimmy Scott last night at Ithaca. The vote of confidence waB passed unani mously — not in the candidate, bat the cnair lnan. One who was there says ' Jimmy's faoe was a piotnre.' ? ; ? ' ' ' 