GEOST BTOIt? IS, TILE GHOSTLY SIGNAL AND THE PIIANTO!L PLOUGHMAN. Two capital ghost stories reach us from the other aide of the Atlantic. The first is Canadian, the ascond comes from Pennsyl vania. TIn OiUtLSI3 OF THIE I01OT?. Last autumn there was an accident on the Canadula Atlantic railway, near the station at St. Scholastique. A farmer named Brunet was walking along the track at about 12 o'clock at night, when the Ottawa express came along, struck him, and threw his body looft. away, so horribly mangling it that p)ortions were found in the branches of a clump of treos growing betside the track. [here have been five different engineers of that train since then, the last resigning only a few days ago. The reason given for the resignations was that the clump of trees was haunted, and that there were strange signals given there every night, which always stopped the train and then disappeared. The engineer who resigned lest gives the following reasons for giving up his position: wir TILu IetsmneINR ?EIoN?OD. It's a ghost or something like it, and it has been the cause of four other engi. neerd asking to be transferred. I first saw the ghost one night two weeks ago. I had left St, Scholastiquo, and was whooping her up, because I was a trifle late. I had hardly got her going, when I saw what seemed to be a red star floating in tho air, perlhaps a mile away, and ahead of ino. It grew larger es Igot nearer, and asuddenly it struck ino that the red star was a red lamp. Yet it was very high in the aire-too high, thought I, to be a signal. I noticeedalso that it upparently hovered over the clumnp of trees. As 1 got within 200 yards of the trees thored globe oseemed to jump acros from the tracl right over the track. This all took plaeo in a shorter while than it takes me to tnll it. I was startled. The light was untioubtedly that of a signal lamp, and hung direoutly In the way of the train. I badns't thime to call the attention of my firemen to it before I was on top of it. ,rightendl and fearful' that there was somethlng the matter with the road, I whistled down brakes, shut off steam, put on the air brakes, and stopped the train. Everybody was startled. Tho conductor ran forward and asked what was the matter. I told hint, and we started back to investigate. There was nothing the matter with the road. There wasn't a house within half a mile of the placo, nor could any footprints be discovered n the snow to show that anybody had been in the neighbourhood. Now, up to thlattime I had never heard of the ghost, but I noticed that the conductor, -George Welles, was stranguly agitated, and the fireman looked THE FeLIR?Y.Oa.OnmI ONCE 0omn0. 3fy next up trip wias two nights later, and precisely the asme phenomenon appeared. I was sored this time. That it was super natural I had no doubt, and dcspite an inetl .nation to bravo the ghostly warning and keep the train going, miy hands turned off the steam and put on thie air brakes almnost mechanically. The conductor came forward as before. 1 explained exactly the siame way, and we went on after failing to discover ally reaston why a danger signal should have been used at that particular point. My firomani then told me that the appiarition, ghost, or whatever it was, had been soclt by four others, whoi had all got other shifts. They coulhln't stiidit. Neither could f-and here I inu, laid off. A PHnAxNTOM PmnoUoi wN. In the north-we.tern sorner of Lower MIrion townshilp, Molltotglnery CUtnity, I'a., a great hubbub has been r been riirl by ia ptlanitoan farmtIer who is nightly seen ploulghing iiL a field. Th'l ap parition wLts first discovered about the and of Iarclh Iy a far,,, hand who wits retuirillg laht frann couringl. Euieorg ing froml a woodltl l pthwliy that skirted an. old forest for miles, tilt rustic was startled to heatr a st'pulchral voice concamnding ui tee.ra to halt. tie looked in vain about the Llaco for a irlateno t or two, tiidd was .uirtlt ioiving on ugiiu whei: the sante soaud full on hi s Lat. A shiver crept over him as he heard the craking Ltof an unlseoa lharnetes, and his terror wes ina fruom being allaytxe by thei whinny of it hoetto almost directly before hiit. At that nilusolLt tiLe new mnou sntol over tle ieighbbuoriing tree tops, and ini its misty light he plainly saw the phantomn farmter. it was clearly out lined Ugatinst the dark background, tilid its two hlands hold in a steady gnrasp tile pro jecting Ihandles of a plotugtl. Before it marnched a pair of spirited ltsesto, dimly out liued in the 1tiiity light, their headst ere:t alnd their eyes til-ohing tire us they moved lituhtily aleong. The yonug iuan waited another inouseilt Lo ica?sulcre hitiseclf, anitd wes about to take to Iois hlels when plughnulmn, horse, and. plough ulddienly vaniishted. Thoui he, too, fled in wild ahtrtum. , BESN iY- SBEVEN rEN.t At Silas Brown's corner grocery on the night suicoeding tlis, tihe young llan, Albert Cooper by niulme, told this startling story. The crowd adjourned to the alleged scene of the ghost's operations to verify or disprove Cooper's title. They had not long to wait. Without the noilse thalt hald warlned Cooper the night before, the phantorn fariicr tip peared before the eyes of the seven men who sat upon the fence, or, to be more icourato, who almost fell from it in terror. His long white hair and bheard streamed in the paseing wind.' No lhat was roi)tt , is head, nor coild aniy portion of his face be seen except the glisteninlg eyes. These sliot ouit fromi a height of snore than seven feet from the ground, indicating the spectral granger was taller than the average of humlan kind. Asutt his body, wiich could neotwell be trued, there was is plihotllphtresectt glw) which dazzled the eyes of the territi:d spectators lnitolite far iallbad of the hteuadily nioving liorscs. The plough Ie loeantcl oi secemed of skelecton frsale, bit it tOtsed if tht sttft, imislo eart its easily as a st?titner tarns tile river waves. On Ito ciitl, the hitrreos Nocirted to exhltl firo, their hiecdis crect ritd archiilg, lnd fouttillu.s l firnls und clear ius any the wstclelrs teelVr "lerd. At thie corler of thle field tllhey turned iobedlicn~y at ti ,or.d froeln their ltectral driver, itnt tugail ptisced I?eforeo the. :lfrilghtcd speoeatorsM, who tlheruolle tlledin lllast,. 'r?I- TEI.D 'IOUGHitD n T -1ne oneHOST. On the followinbg Inporu?nnt a rtcred of rnutica dcterninls to o Io to Ctde field cud see whether any trace 1o thie farmer could le found. As thcy caime in sight of the on cloturo c:1t of thle nutbtcr exclaimoed in a.etonislment: " I'll be durnexl if the thing doe?u't ouhl, sth re etlouglih." H.i was right. O(e.-lall of the liitld had been gone over, ciolonmtly lty no novice. The furrows were itot utuito o broaid an those made by an an orslnary plUigoIln:lun, bhot they were l.es rngirid 0lo ioru dleep, and were as striligllt n itot mnott exprcitinct eye could make them. A dcty orttwo aniter ther same group went out. to viw te fields lritln, and this time they fntld thist the hrintoot h:sts finished ts work. The ownierof the field was ona, of the nuabcr, and l:e tool a solemn oath that he had net turned a nod in the enclosuiA The Prineo of Wales is stid to speak Trench .bcvt of .1l the Healotira of Eulrope. 