PIGOTTS OF BYE-GONE DAYS. THEIR PLOTS AND PUNISH MENTS. Pigott, the perjurer and forger, whose career ended in suicide, is a somewhat unique figure in history. From the peculiar circumstances of liis position — the fact that he was practically invited to commit his forgeries, that he was the instrument and not the main actor, that in short he never calculated, at the lime of Iris forgeries, that, be would have to appear upon oath to support his crimes by perjury — he probably has no parallel i4i the annals of false witness. He has been compared to Tilus Oates, of Papfot Plot notoriety, whose lying fabrications, first uttered in 1678, led to a panic of fear among the upholders of the Protestaot religion, in consequence of which some 'eighteen distinguished Roman Catholics, including the venerable Viscount Stafford, were cruelly done to death. TIrero is one important difference between the two impostors. Oates succeeded (for a time at least), end ao did the vil'ainou* hn*)d of the abettors and imitators that his early success engendered. Pigolt failed, and be u not likely to have any imitators. But otherwise there are not a few poiuls of similarity in the circumstances. oatbs and noon. In the time of Oates, as to-day, a great political struggle was being fought out. The country was then politically divided into Catholics and Protestants, as to-day it is divided into {Tuionists and Home Rulers. The conspiracy feigued by Gates found ready credence because it was notorious that the Roman Catholics were plotting ; as Pigott's allegations received a seeming support from the 'reasonable suspicion that the Fenians, Leaguers, and Irish members were nil admittedly working for a similar goal. Oates was backed through thick and thin by Shaftesbury. without adequate inquiry, for purely political purposes; Pigott a forged letters were accepted as bond fide by the Times in their rash anxiety to provo the connection between Parnellism aud crime. If we could imagine thai the. people of this country at the present time were seriously moved by the fear of a revolution ; if all the Unionist* were Colonel Saundenone, thirsting to be the leaders of Oran.iM rebels, and all the Home Uulen were pledged to out-and- out separation, by force if necessary ; and if, further, a crew of Pigotts were to arise and produce documents, apparently genuine, proving tlie existence of a wide-spread conspiracy against the Crown and the Constitutiou — then it is qiite conceivable that the reign of terror of the days of Tilus Oates might return. Happily we live in times when political questions are not settled vi armhque, and when great revolutions are accomplished without causing more thau a ripple on the peaceful surface of the commonweal. Pigott, had he lived two centuries ago, might have proved a dangerous informer ; as it is, he has only proved a poor imitator of Titus Oates. For Titus stuck to his lies and was not ashamed ; but Pigott shuffled and r'oul l.xJ so clumsily thai he revealed his villapy to all the world, and finally, conscience stricken, was driven to take his own life. His fate is miserable enough , but if we compare it with Ibat which Iwfe) most of the informers of the Popish Plot epoch, tbe ' good old times' appear at a dis advantage. When the barbarous execu tions of Roman Catholics informed against had brought about a revulsion of public fettling, the stories of Oates and hib coadjutors were scrutinised, and tiie plots melted away. 0-itea himself was sen tenced, for perjury, to be whipped to death. Ho was actually publioly whipped from Newgate la Tyburn, but, utraugo to say, he survived and lived to obtain a pardon. ' Not another of the Popish Plot concoctora lived to enjoy the good fortune of Oates, Like Pigott, their crimes finally came home to roost, and raoBt of thorn came to an unhappy end, After Buffering much in their later days. Their history is somewhat interesting at this juncture in the tremendous indictment of the Parnellite party. The man of the OateB crew who most resembled Pigott was Thomas Dangerfield. His chief exploit was ' the discovery' of what is known as THE MEAL TUB PLOT. In this the meal tub played exactly the same part as the mysterious ' black bag' iu whioh, as Mr. Pigott made thu Times believe, tho damning 'letters of Mr. Parnell' were found. Dangerfield, before he took to informing, had been a notorious swindler and forger, with several convic tions against him. He was, nevertheless, a fellow of considerable accomplishments, and very ready with his pen. By his arrangement certain papers were found concealed in a meal tub at the house of a woman with whom he cohabited. These contained the scheme to be sworn to by the Papist oouspiratoni, accusing the most emineut persons iu the Protestant interest, who were against tbe Duke of York's succession, of treason, particularly the Earls of Shaftosbury, EsBex, and H&lifax.; Fortunately he began too late to reap s good harvest, and though bis stories were very cleverly concocted, and there was no Sir Charles Russell to tear them* to pieces, hi* villainous perjuries were finally brought home to him. He was, like Oates, sentenced to be whipood from Aldgate to Newgate, and from Sewrate to Tvburn. He bad not the iron frame of Oaten, and scarcely survived the second whipping. As, lacerated and bleeding, he was being taken back in ? conveyance to prison, and was passing the corner of Batton Garden, a Tory ^tnulu man of Gray'* Iun, named Fra.tcis, stopped tie carriage to jeer at him. The bleeding and dying prisoner answered with a curse, at which Francis struck at him with a bambou cane, which entered his left eye, and caused his death. He would probably have died from his whipping in any case. Francis wan condemned for murder, and died on the gallows. BEDLOE, THB INVORMBB. Another villainous informer of the same. type, was Bedloe. The tale of (fetes, though sufficient to convulse the whole realm, could not serve for the punishment of the Papist conspirators, unless supported by other testimony, two witnesses being necessary by the law of the land. One of his chief supporters in his perjuries was this Bedloe, a noted swindler. Latterly Bedloe started as a sort of rival to Oates, and each tried to outdo the other with extraordinary revelations. Bedloe swore to the existence of a plot for the landing of a Papist army and a general massacre of the Protestants. He also had his personal victims, but it appears he never suffered from any remorse of conscience, but died in his wickedness, without one sign of regret THE FATE OF DUGDA1E. A worse fate, -however, befell two others of Oales's minions, Dugdale and Carstairs. Dugdale was one of those concerned in the impeachment of Stafford ; and later, when Charles H. was bent upon the persecution of the Whigs, the same scoundrel was ready to swear away the life of College, a demagogue who had incurred the monarch's dis pleasure. In the end he went stark mad, the result of au evil conscience. H» passed away on the deathbed shriekinv to the bystauders to take away Lord Stafford, whose ghost seemed to haunt him reproachfully. A MTSRRABLB END. Equally suggestive of an inexorable TfeniesU was the death of Carstairs. This wretch was another of the crew of Oaten, He served his apprenticeship as informer in Scotland, when he went disguised to conventicles and then gave evidence against the preachers. He, like Bedloe, escaped the puuishment of the law. But his last days were spent in horror aud despair at nib own misdeeds. It is told that with his dyiog breath he charged his servants to cast him ont like a dog on a duuqhill, for we was unfit to sleep in Christian burial-grouud. OATJSH OKTS A PENSION. Oatea, after all, was the most fortunate of ihe dastardly gang of informers of thai age. He survived his whippings. Five times every year during his confinement he was brought forth from his dungeon and exposed on the pillory in different parts of the capital. But the day of triumph came. The Judges who sen tenced him had exceeded their powers. Ho survived their punishment— it was said he received 700 strokes ou the second day — aud lived, as already stated, to receive a pardou. Not ouly that, but at the saute time as Uie House of Commnm annulled his sentence it awarded hiui a pension of £300 a year — a handsome income iu these days. But Oates only accepted it with a currish suarl, as if it were uut half enough for hie deserts. History shows that the lot of the political informer aud perjurer is uot a happy one, and the wretched end of Pigott only adds one name to a list that is already too long. 