HATftiTED HIM AS A SPECTRE. A. DEATH WHICH RECALLS Tllli STORY OF THROCKMORTON'S GHOST. The (loath of young Maurice B. Throckmor ton, killed nt Birmingham, Ala., in December last while ehtreatingthemob not to at tack the jail, recalls a story as strange as anything in fiction-a story as full of dramatic scenes and incidents as anything that was ever produced upon the stage and which has been four times brought by a tragedy to the memory of those who disliked most to hear it. It was nearly forty years ago that Major John Throckmorton, son of Aris Throckmor ton and unele of the young man killed at j Birmingham; as dite of tile leaders 111 tho brilliant Duc-it'ty tff the old So'iltli; He was rich,witty, handsome. If0 tftis tji(T finest type of the Southern gentleman, impulsive, generous ; kind of heart and open of hand. He was connected by blood and marriage with every prominent Southern family from New Orleans to Louisville, and when he camo back from college to live among his people the fairest prospect was spread out before him. He went in to enjoy life, and as he had ample means and was a welcome guest wher evci* h|j cliose to go, time slipped by pleasantly enough. . .... Just when pretty Ellen1 Godwin; c'airie.irito his life no one ever knew. In all the fiev'ce light that afterwards beat upon them, their earlier intimacy romained forever buried in mystery, and both carried the secret to their graves. Ellon Godwin lived near Louisville, and was remarkable for her beauty and the gentlencas of her disposition. She was well connected mid had a small fortune in her own name. Friends of Throckmorton saw them together for a time, and theft sud denly their intimacy was discontinued. Throckmorton left Louisville on a pleasure trip and did not return for several months. Ono stormy, blustering night in January, when tho snow Was beating against the window panes and the people were hurrying into blazing iirus, Throclimorton^returned to Louisville and went direct to the Gault House, a hotel owned by his father. When he entered his room ;he. happened to glance across the street. He saw a woman standing motionless beside a gas lamp directly opposite. She was dressed in black, and although he could not see the face lie recognised the out lines of her figure. She stood there;so silent and spectre-like that he became fas cinated and Watched lier for hours. That was the first' night that " Throckmorton's Ghost" was seen*. : Jt' was the beginning of what Was to last without interruption for twenty years. The dark shadow that lie saw from his hotel window that night was to follow him all over the world ; It ifag fa be with jiim in the blaze of noon and in darkest hours of {.lie night ; he was to see it in every capital in Europe ; it was to be close behind him in his most secret moments ; it wa3 to mingle with his own shadow so that in a delirium of ter ror he would wonder if his mind were not deserting him, and if both shadows were not one and the same. It was in vain that lie tried to put oceans between him and his. awful, phantom- like pursuer ; in vain that every resource of money was tried ; from that first stormy January night John Throckmorton was never, for one moment alone: . It was wohdSi'ful how she appeared t<?' know of .his, movements; If he would suddenly decide ,td gd id a iiarty sh§ would be standing 011 tho; opposite side Sf tlie street when ho got out df his carriage, if he re mained in his hotel for days, and if then, in the dead of night; lio slipped out by a side entrance, she would be close behind him. Her appearance on the streets became so common in Louisville that people nierely glanced at [her carelessly as see flitted byl As the years passed her very name was for gotten, . and she was only known as "Throck morton's Ghost." Sometimes, when she would be waiting for him; children would gather about her; and often boys Would hoot and taunt her; but she never complained, and no man ever heard the sound of her voice. ' ' j . The weather never appeared to incon venience her. She often would stand for hours in the midst of driving . rain or hail,' without shelter of, any kind; apparently oblivious of everything save the man she was following. She always wore the same heavy black dress, with a black hat, and a thick, black veil, which concealed her face. At first Throckmorton attempted to laugh the matter oft*. The woman was a crack-; brained creature, who would grow tired after, a time, lie said. He could keep it up if she could. If it amused her lie didn't object. Thus he reasaned at- first, but soon became restive and then it grew to be a deadly oftence to mention the subject in his pre sence. At last he determined to go abroad. He made all his arrangements with the utmost secrecy, not even telling his-most in timate friends, and did not rest until he had put the Atlantic between him and what had grown to be a horriblo nightmare. He went straight to London, and the first person he saw when he got off the train was Ellen Godwin. He fled to Paris and he thought he would lose lie' in the whirl of a Winter in Parisian society. In a month he gave up in despair. She followed him to clubs and re ceptions and opera parties. Wherever he was, day or night, he could never look behind him without seeing her. He tried all the large cities of the Continent without avail and at last returned to Louisville and again took up the old life. He used to complain that lie was chained to a corpse; that his life was blasted, and that 110 man ever before endured such a per secution. No woman would suffer his atten tions, and he soon gave up all idea of marriage. He grew more and more moody, and at last I10 determined to rid himself of his tormentor by violence. The scene re sulting from this determination, as it was afterwards told in court, was most dramatic. One night about 12 o'clock, as Throckmorton was walking home through a lonely street, he glanced over his shoulder and saw his "ghost" a few yards behind suddenly fol lowing him. Ho waited in a dark alley until she came up and then lie suddenly sprang out on her. He snatched her veil from her face and dragged her by the throat to the nearest lamp-post " Why do you follow me?'' he asked, his voice trembling witli passion. She made no reply, and clutching her more firmly by the throat ho drew a dagger. She "made no attempt to resist him, and just as the dagger was about to be plunged into her breast ^she cried out, half choked and every instant ex pecting death: " Kill me, John, but kiss me first." Throckmorton threw the dagger away, pushed the woman aside and °tled before I10 would be tempted again. At length Throckmorton could stand it no longer, and Ellon Godwin was arrested at his instance and tried for larceny. The old Court-Houso in Louisville, where Henry Clay and the Crittendens had many a hard fought battle in days'long gone by a was, packed as it never was before or since. The most eminent leg:d talent was employed, and the evidence was of the most sensational character. Ellen Godwin wa.3 put 011 the stand and was given a most severe cross examination. Her answers were clear and intelligent, and after hours of closest questioning, tho opposing lawyers were forced to admit that they could make nothing of her. Poems written by her, essays and articles on various subjects, were read to the jury, and at last her lawyer, young Ely Par sons, arose to defend her. He was a man of commanding presence, a trained elocutionist and a rarely gifted orator. For four hours he kept the audience entranced. He told, in all its dramatic details, tho story of Ellen Godwin, Ho went oyer the scene of the ! midnight meeting and argued that the woman i had simply been wronged and was seeking justice. Ho pointed to her wan, haggard face, her dcli&ifce; frame* and contrasted the wreck that stood before them with the boantifuj, gentle, tender girl girl John Tiiroe'fciHOrtos had first met. His peroration' was "a iririster piece, and when lie sat down the jury, with out rising from their seats, found her sane. Then the lawyer and client were borne- away by shouting thousands, and such scenes were enacted as were never witnessed |in that sombre old courtroom. , A. fe\v months later Parsons was elected to Congress because of the speech. From the day of her Acquittal Ellen Godwin never again followed Throck morton. He left the city and died a few yeai-s afterwards, alone; on his plantation in Mississippi; far from friends and relatives. After his death Ellen Godwin grew weaker and"weaker.. The strength which.'had borne lior up through all the years of her unex ampled pursued gave my. She wrote a full history of her life, for which a Chicago pub lishing house offered lu.r $10,000. She re fused the offer, saying the book should be buried with her. One day'she went to'Cave Hill Cemetery, one of the most beautiful burying grounds in tlie V/oi'ld, just outside Louisville, and told her sister^ wiici h.ld followed her through all the dreary years with a piif feet devotion, that in one particular spot she wished to be buried, dressed as a bride, with the book containing all lier trials and her wrong3 Upon her breast. A week afterwards she was laid to rest there, and; a little marble slab (it the head of the grave is all that tells the story of her ; most eventful life. 