IfHËMKftCuhY.l HOBART: THURSDAY, AUG. 29th 1889. EPITOME OF NEWS. Chalmers Literary Association meets to- light i Afihuel meeting Hobart Bathing Association on Friday, September 6, Technical School. Mr. Ward's lecture on 'Flamed Town Hall, to-morrow night. Temperance Crusade Mission public meet- ng, King-street Church, to-night. The Rev. T. Kelsh has been elected a member of the Council of Education. Victoria Tent, I.O.R., 54th anniversary celebration at Memorial Hall this evening. Mr J. H. Bryant has been appointed organist at S£<JoW«, Launceston. T Tenders for construction of the Macquarie and Mount Zeehan railway will remain open until October 16 next. T Contributions are solicited by the pro- notes of Gift Auction Sale in aid of the Green Ponds parsonage Fund. . - Captain Jackson Barry, a lecturer of colo lial renown, has arrived in Launceston', and intends to lecture throughout the island. Latrobe, Formby, and Torquay acting in unison to obtain a proper supply of water, under, control of a legally appointed Trust. In case, Bundle v. Hobart Marine Board, plaintiff obtained £100 damages yesterday in ! Supreme Court as solatium for injuries re- i Lives, by driving over a post placed in" a i dangerous position. c The reported death of Lady Tryon is now contradicted." u Wool quotations at the Antwerp sales are well maintained. Tin has advanced in the London market to £91 10s. and £92. i Third reading of Divorce Extension Bill carried in the New South Wales Assembly. j Wolseley shearing machines working satisfactorily in the Riverina district. j Land and Investment Co. of Australasia pays a 15 per cent dividend. - ?' 7 British firemen have been cordially received in Paris. Broken Hill shares are selling in the Melbourne market at a considerable discount. 1 Shipping trade of London is being diverted to Antwerp Hamburg, and North British ports. [ Strike in East, London still continues. Trade practically at a standstill. Men still firmand shipowners obstinate. | Thousand of tons of Australian jam American meat and fruit rotting in holds of steamers owing to strike of dock labourers. New Zealand Frozen Meat Co, have loaf £30,060, including £18,000 spent in endeavour- ing to establish ice works in Sydney. Detectives engaged in the Ringwood murder case have discovered that the deceased victim Sherlock, wasBhotin the head., United States Government deny report that, they are willing to settle the fisheries dispute with the British Government. Sydney Marine Board yesterday adjudged Captain'TJessing, of the s.s. Centennial, culpable for the sinking of his vesseL " j Stockton coal miners (N.S. Wales) are threatening to strike on a question of labour custom. Victoria Farmers' Association working energetically to compass their projects for increased duties on imported live and dead Produce.' _ ' l ' Action for £2,000, brought by John White I man (husband of Miss Cornwell) for libel against Alfred Dampier, actor, has been dismissed: ' " ' ' .- F J a Warrant issued for arrest at Colombo of a levanting ''clerk named Jones, who has absconded (from Melbourne, with £1,500, PMpertyof the Empire Building Society, Want of confidence motion in the Victorian Assembly has resulted in substantial majority for the Government, proposal to increase stock and grairTduties being rejected, ~ j Victorian National Agricultural Society's Show at Flemington yesterday a great success, though there was a manifest decline in exhibits sent in by every day farmers.;' A Socialistic and Nationalistic influences are lamenting (the labour strike in England, rid plans, apparently, are well devised. An epidemic of strikes prevails in England, fnd'lhe'end is not yet London dairymen threaten an interval of darkness, and sons of toil of every degree are asserting their claims to be recognised as men and not machines ' [sent -? = and In the House of Assembly yesterday, I 'Petitions were presented, praying for amendments in the Licensing Act Amend- ment Bill for an amendment in the present impounding law, calling attention to the,. Bmallblrd nuisance, and from residents of the Town of Invermay in reference to noxious trades. i In Committee of Supply some progress was made with the estimates of the Lands Department i | The Licensing Bill was next taken in con Inuttee, and a number of clauses were passed after considerable discussion, chiefly upon the construction of the Licensing Bench, and on the 31st clause providing that interested persons should not be elected. The clause I was passed as printed. Progress was reported, and leave given to sit again on Friday. " .,. ''At 10.46 the House adjourned until 4 pm, , next day. v7 THERE was a short discussion whilst the Assembly was in Committee of Supply yesterday, which showed, once again, the way in which the Lands and Works Department was allowed to lapse into a state of chaos. Lapse is, perhaps, hardly the proper word to use in reference to what occurred, because the chaos was the result of active measures, taken with serene self-sufficiency and self-satisfaction. The discussion arose in connection with recent appointment, to which we have referred, and which has been the cause of a great deal of outside comment and dissatisfaction. We may say, here, with regard to the appoint-; taent'itseliy'tb.at it seems to be a very proper one, when all the circumstances selfish I 2,7 1 fully shown, wp^jthink^yoibirday by the MINISTER M LASH. The hon. senior member, for West Hobart did, (fndMdr^nd with some justification, declare that it was a disgrace to the DepartmëntflKït a man could not be found in it(tó]do;work)»1iich>a8 paid for at the rate of onl)'fjf00 a year, and we indisposed to concur with, him But]; Ve-nave-now Jto deal with things as they are, not as they ought to be [ Matthey are the xeqHirediman could not be found, and so it was necessary to advertise for applications for,their('6ffice)J which resulted in the choice of a gentleman who a comes from another colony Why the Department has got into such a state is' a a subject , which might be discussed with advantage, if there is a real desire to learn from the errors of the past. wisdom which may i guide Ministers in the future" "Very reluc- tantly ¿< sundown may say with a very DfSpefänd- natural reluctance, the MINISTER, pFh LAUDS was allowed the facts to come out, but he has found it necessary' to defend himself, and, he has only been able to do so by stating, we will not 1 say all, but at least some of the facts. One to which we referred the other day, is that! several of his best officers have gone away owing to the miser able salaries that were paid to them, whilst we know, and we can hardly repeat too often the fact, that several importapt^offipM, which were abolished have had to be filled up again, v Last night some' further facts, were'diV dosed,, which revealed a state of affairs that can only be called astonish ling, so astonishing that but for the fact that the 'a^kte'm'ents'imade,1!were not denied or. even questioned, We should have refused to believe them We should have thought that some of the- ii-carping- -critics,-- whom the TREASURER SO much , dislikes, had been about, with malicious designs to traduce a former colleague of that gentleman, |whpm,(he,ifeels constrained by a sense of duty to crack up The 'statement made, this t time again by "I the senior, member, for West Hobart, u was that a' gentleman who has left the office was paid, £20 a year for doing work which now costs some- thing like 40sec £500 We need hardly say that the reference was to the work of "the CONSERVATOR OF FORESTS This now historical appointment appears to be the bogey which haunts Ministers, its, appear- once being a sure sign of ill-luck; even as the ghosts ' who gibbered in the streets of '"Rome, , portending the fall of CpsAK. i r III via i now admitted that the" splendid arrangement made by, the late MINISTER OF LANDS amounted to this, that he proposed to get done in the office work which can be only done outside, at a cost of £20- a year which now costs at least twenty times that amount , Äü3"tlns7he assureSTarlia ment, with a jaunty air, was how he saved the public money, and proceeded to make his Department a model for the rest of an j admiring and jealous world to wonder at The amusing part of the business yesterday was, that the TREASURER essayed a defence which only made matters worse than they were before, so far as the ex- colleague whom, he loves to praise and defend is concerned. Mr. BIRD charged Mr. BURGESS, with misleading the House, inasWucVas he was " trying to make believe that the magnificent sum of £20 was paid for doing the work which is now currently supposed to be done by the CON- SERVATOR, OFIFOBESIS. Mr. BIRD was triumphant-He had found one of those little points on which he" delights to, dwell, but which generally turn out not to be much after all, when they come? to be examined. He said that the £20 could not have been paid for doing the Conservator of Forests' work, because that work could not, possibly, be done in the office Quite true, no doubt the fact, the statement is so true and so obvious, that it happens to be precisely what we said when it was announced that the office had been abolished, but we were then told that it was our natural depravity which caused us to, pay: such very wicked things, i Now, as in some other cases, it is found necessary to declare that the late MINISTER FOR; LANDS was altogether wrong, we may say most foolishly' wrong, on the showing' of his own colleagues, and our wicked and vindictive criticisms, made at the time the change was an- nounced, turn put to be far within the truth 4 2 p i We do not notice this last revels tion if, such %'Jfpf by called. when the folly of what was done was patent to everybody who took the trouble to khinkj^orjiímsélf, merely to show that We were right, but to enforce man Important consideration! We. ask, what3Mnfidence-caii=tbe-public-have in. thej3¿s9uRiñce'_6'f ^Minis'tersZ-when things like these can occur' No doubt, there is a very useful rule that each Minister has the control of his own Department, but there are limits to this rule, which are usually well understood and observed A Minister is not to make ducks and drakes of his Department without interference from his colleagues, who are responsible for the good conduct of public affairs in all Departments of the State We are thus driven to the conclusion that either Mr. BRADDON'S colleagues did not know, or did not i care, what he was doing. There is, of course, another possible view of the case, that they did know and did care, ' but did not venture to interfere This i last view we must reject as being too I uncomplimentary to Ministers, who will, we are sure, be sooner charged with carelessness and ignorance than with ! cowardice J in doing their duty We must conclude, then, that the affairs of this happy land are so managed, that a, Minister may set in a way which will ruin his Department, and nobody^ne'the^ wiser until the mischief has been done From this it follows that the supposed deliberations of the Cabinet on departmental affairs are mere forces, or at least were so at one, not very distant, period of our history THE Secretary of Mines, in his annual report which has just been issued, refers to the subject of the enforcement of the covenants of mining leases, moved thereto, apparently, by some remarks in this paper The Secretary of Mines says that the whole sale forfeiture of leases has been advocated, and expresses an opinion that a reasonable ,cV^.ü«^otk*"lhould Miles, because. of the djÜScuitles a^nda«rt;|bá;the,. starting of work^éspecialljrvln placasY^erejVroa'da have notibeon-msde; ; .;? We" quite agree with" the opinion expressed by the^Searetàry.of Mines, that a reasonable "--period-- of .delay~.~should~.ba_ allowed, especially, where many, difficulties have to he. encountered.- a WVS (may. point .? out, for the. informatignol[?the. Secretary of Mines,, that would not advocate wholesale forfeiture,! and that we did advocate the allowance of a' 'reasonable time before commencing work. What we did protest against. was, the! wholesale shepherding which is now going) out especially at Mount Zeehan, where, hundreds of claims are held, and not more: than four at work.', Our own correspondent has called the existing state of affairs disgraceful, as have nearly all the visitors to the place, the fact being, that people who would go to work are kept out by those who do not work, and do not intend to work. We repeat that in the face of the fact that the Government is prepared to make a railway, the holders of these' claims should be compelled to go to work or make, way for those who while.:?:' running away :;/.. THE Attorney-General came' in for some hard l^oçks'in'the Assembly yesterday from the Speaker and representatives of both sides of the House, and apparently not with 1 out some very good reason, Members had gathered fruit Heujefqr a special purpose, the consideration in committee, of the Licensing Bill, but Mr. Clark, who has the bill in charge, was not in his place, and Mr.'. Bird had to explain that he was falling a case, in Court, and the Government would ask that Supply might be gone on with Entitle arrived. Mr. purges protested rather in- dignantly at this. Mr Mugliston pointed out how the late. Speaker; Mr. Dobson, always managed to be in his pts at the appointed 'hour, even though he were pleading his case. Mr. Hartnoll; fairly following up his, reply to Ministers on the previous night, directed attention to the- fact that it was not the Northern, members who weeds this instance (delaying the business of the country. The Speaker said he thought it was a pity Mr. Clark was not' in his - place; while Ministers sat silent, save for a sotto voce from Mr. Pillinger, which sounded strangely like his blight 'to have" been, here."'.. ' Mr. Clark' E rrj ved in less than an hour, but members had by that time got interested in, a discusion, on the (Lands Department,. and it, was nearly 5 o'clock before the Licensing > Bill was. brought into committee's' '< ._...'/.;".';';'.' | to-day;.: a-,.? ...-:-'"A>; » At aUBSOBlBEBi asks us I to call attention, to, ¿heextentto which in certain parts of the city' the practice of exposing goods for sale on the footpaths is still carried on ' This, is; he, takes'.'care-to point put,, is contrary Yip. the city by-laws, but he strikes a. still deeper: note when he refers to the temptation which is thus thrown in the way of a certain class of the community who, touse a phrase of Shakespeare, are unable to. keep, their V pickers and steamers, that is, their, hands, but of 'mischief i under such circumstances'. There are people who are by habit or duck; tion so unfortunately constituted that with them' He is pitifully::true,/that rather leans to do ill deeds make all (leeils.ijono. '' of wealthy, we call them kleptomaniacs, U. oor, they are ['habitual, thieves.'!,! In either, case they are a misery, to themselves' and al nuisance to others." There are respect signs of them in Hobart how, even children specimens, and it is especially on their behalf we are asked to plead. There is a lad' now in the gaol waiting trial on a charge of, stealing or " lifting " as it is known in police . parlance boots from outside a shop, door, and it is claimed, that the opportunity,, nay, the invitation, should not be given, for this class of crime, and that if it is, given, the perpetrators share' the responsibility lay volved. , ? TT;.' ,., 'Y.' 'Y ' YYY Y The Hobart Marine Board have; deceived, a. somewhat expensive lesson on;, the "rights of the people! to have their safety properly cared for; in: the verdict recorded against them in the Supreme Court yestbrday^Spina,. thirteen years ago, inconsequence of their attention being directed by the City Council to the fact that'ow^eriä'.of small craft lying at the Franklin i Wharf bro, unduly very broaching on the pubUc-stree^ta-Davey,and.' Argyle-at'their junction with the wharf,.' by discharging' cargo thor'ebnî'-thb.Marble Board erected, a series of boundary-poses.' Evidence given yesterday showed that it; has been, and is to the present, the' custom to still stack timber along this boundary, line, the posts" oftentimes, being completely, hidden from sight. This'was.the'icasd iii Away : last, but some few days, before the ocean race which gave rise to the action,' by the removal of a quantity of timber, a large 3 space was, left but week, the end post and the. first stack of timber. -' - 'Carters had been over a custbrncd'tb^lio^'guidad ' by thëàe" stacks when driving at night, time, 4 and Burrell, the 1 plaintiff, not, being awarded the change, following the usual course, collided with the: post, which' could not be «ée'rij'th'o'nïght'bb; ing dark was thrown out and had Thistles - brokeni';>Ypsterday_.hei:^aaY awarded: the; full damages, 1 claimed by him, ; Viz:, £100. The verdict showed''ihp:;'juty' to be of opinion that.ho.Kad'iiiade'a.'modoi'ato est BiatióñóiiJii?JosS|^nd'it is almost surprising that the Bôwd'dèlenjled^ the action, when" he -weak character of the defence offered is considered The erácUóh'bf: a lamp on the post at the end of the Tirfo would have saved all,this.< ; Of course none taking of tliisikjml will now be, done-alocking-of i the stable door after the steed has been stolen.'."''".!' j.., .;;?;?"? .,--, ,.- j -Military ,-,.'. ?a.;,;,,1 "in.,. AMONP'th'é^iye^sloçkon .')b/o|)ri¿''ty¡o, ss,-' Mararoa, ex New Zealand, for. Melbourne, were 25 Southdown-' sheep which are, of course, to be intr^ducéd|irito',Victoïia'J New Zealand is not aclèuh^c'oloriy^às.^u^'.as^eçab is. 1 concerned, whilst.iiyiotoria.uiisd At the Australasian Stock?' Conference,) held in ,,1888;''[it gowns deiAriniAed."''^«^la'te Chief' Inspector offices gfjjrY'V'jctoria, being the moved, that, JW sheep, should be admitted into m'dear' colony from (cabby colony "In' fact if this Victoria has already admitted sheep from New Zealand, the other colonies desolately; refusing to do so, and others are now on their way. Victoria is often held up at a'modbl'colony as regards protection, etc.', but the course she' is now adopting in regard to New Zealand sheep is unfair to her neighbours,- and may possibly lead to the reduction of the disease, so: much dreaded, (within their borders; Y To. say the least but suchá thing comes with a bad grace from the colony' that proposed the resolutionbefore-sentionecT. '"" ' -". " J Xf.'fl' ii 1 " Tu¿rÍE!wás'once a man who engaged to draw a picture of a camel. He was asked whetlüaLheJ«d.etBr.8ee'n;^e,''áudlWtnitted he had not, but felt capable of revolving one from.the.dçptbaoi,his inner consciousness. a ' .',.'.! ? ; siT" 17.. girl 'coal " ' W S .'. mW. 1 In, like manner,, : the. Attorney-General lost nightl.endeavourii 1 to-j ev'olyo,/from',,the depths of his inner! consciousness, a, pledged GOOHI Templar who washings! directly in erected in supposing the liquor traffic, the West heüig_thí¿ Jie.WASJMit.pec^Ma'rily ÎntercB^^^èT^qù^to'gwa.thatj-a mal ster, - breweries merchant was pecuniarily interested but the owner; of a '? Temperance Hotel or Cofleo'pa ice'wáá'nbtjjándj there., fore was a fit man of sit. on the Licensing Bench.',; Thisjis;st oiling at the gnat and swallowing the < met with a vengeance. ¡ Mr. Hartnoll gave be true solution of the, matter... If a man said to be "a, magistrate's be is presumably fit to perform,' honour-, ably, any duty failing to a magistrate's lot.] When he is not be at once struck the Peace, KLM fish 'including so called, his name should), ?om'thQ^CoinmUaUwofi li-lfj/lJ E^ííillilil 'selling .,. there'll -KlO Viudrii'ijjUrfT]!: lah MOUNT ZajflaW-BAryiAv.-Ttador« also called by the Public, Works Department for construction of at the ofvrailway!from Mary guards Harbour "personal i Zeehan Plans,' Tcificationa^ooadlMpnk etc., may be seen the Public Works Office on and after Monday, 2nd September, and tenders will close on the 10th October next. at 2 CROOKE OF^EDÜOAWON.-Tho ordinary" meeting of. the'CoUncpVof Education was held yesterday afternoon. 'Present The Chief Justice (Sir Lambert Dobson), chairman; Revs J. Scott and T. Kelsh, Messrs. W. Tarleton, J. B. Walker, and T. D. Stephens. ( The Secretary stated that he had received the official returns in connection with the late Melbourne Matriculation, i Examination as far as Tasmania was concerned. There were only two candidates, but neither of them had passed. Certificates as regarded, attendance and conduct, one, of the following Tasmanian scholars were read From Cambridge, J. H. Smith, F. C. i Hales ; Edinburgh, ft. H. Stephenson. In connection with this certificate the following additional intelligence was received :-'' In March last Mr. Stephenson passed 2nd in the third professional examination required for the M.B.C.M. Degree, which included the subjects of Anatomy, Physiology, Pathology, and Materia Medica. In the class examinations of the first session he has also taken honours in those subjects. From Oxford, E. A.,tampr»U, W. L. Giblin,, P. O. Thorne. With regard to Thorne, the certificate was) endorsed as follows : " In the Easter vacation he obtained second-class honours in the school of Latin and Greek in Moderation of the first public examination." Ft. L. Dunbabin, also at Oxford, has the following comment upon his certificate : -"Mr Dunbabin distinguished himself in the College ' Scholarship Examination, held in March last, and the College presented him with a prize of books in recognition of the excellence of his work." A pamphlet was also received from the. Victorian Minister of Education, and the address of the Chancellor of the Sydney University. The secretary stated that he had received replies from the various colonies forwarding, information re Universities, and that the Hon. B. S. Bird had also received other papers which he was having printed. It was decided, "That the secretary be requested to apply to the Registrars of Australian Universities for the amount of salaries, and fees, paid to professors and lecturers." When the whole information is complete it, was intimated that a special meeting would be called to consider the question of a Tasmanian University. The Rev. T. Kelsh expressed his thanks at being elected a member of the Board, and said the deep, interest he had always taken in educational matters, which he considered most important, would not be in the least abated. The President said that Father Kelsh's services had previously been of great use in examinations, and he was sure they would prove equally valuable as a member of the Council. I CÍTY'PÓWOK COURTÍ-Bofót-e the Police Magi to ato, yesterday, Michael Gilmore From Thomas Robinson were each fined 5s. 3\. seven days for being drunk and die orderly in Liverpool-street on the 27th Inst. Eliza poultry, was mulcted in 10s. Celery 14 days for disturbing the peace in a yard abutting on' Murray-street, 'on the 27th instant William New,,f«>committ¡rig¡* similar offence in Murray-street on the 27th Inst, was fined 5s in, default seven days' Herbert Waterer,. charged with using obscene language was fined 5s. or seven days. James Gorman and John Pearsall, disturbers of the peace, were each ordered to pay in. and costs, or be imprisoned for seven days. [Mr. John Macfarlane here took his seat on the Bench.] John James Ring pleaded, guilty to'permitting'tho-'outer door of the by Rose and Crown to be open on the 21st Inst, between li pm.. and 12 p.m. This being his second appearance on a similar charge, a fine of 40s. and costs was inflicted. Richard- Hope pleaded guilty to 'disturbing the peace.in^tùrtsy-street.on the lstinst.,and was fined 5s. and costs, in default seven days. Alfred Ford pleaded lily to driving furiously over a crossing in orrison-stroet, and was fined 10s. and costs., , , , 7 J I I I BURSTING OF A WATER MAIN-On overflow of water from one of their mains in Elizabeth-street, which, has evidently been injured, has occurred, continuously in the neighbourhood of, Westella, since Sunday last. It might have been reasonably in- ferred the matter would have received atten- tion, before this at the hood of the Corporation servants, and if it has not come under their notice the police authorities ought 'surely- to have brought it before hcm»1d»aJ,''"'¿ - 6-1"' --"?". -"'--., his ? of ORCHESTRAL UNION. All performing members' are specially. requested by advertisement to attend a full rehearsal this evening. a a a A a I CHALMERS LITER ART ASSOCIATION . - Members! are) reminded that entries close elocution,. uA Florio gully I Morru Representative Government a, failure' Affirmative leader, Mr. C. Carmichael ¡ negative, Sir. J. Richards. This is a question which gives scope for a wide- ' range of i criticism, and visitors will, in all probability, hear a good debate. LORD-The thirty-fourth anniversary of the Victoria Tent,' LOR., will be celebrated at the Memorial Hall, Brisbane street this evening by a tea, concert, and fruit soiree. Full arrangements have been made for the entertainment of visitors by be Secretary (Mr. R. Crawford), and committee, who has been indefatigable in their efforts to make the event as successful as any of previous years. and ' '' TEMPERANCE CRUSADE. The tenth public meeting under the, auspices of the Tera reliance Crusade Mission will be held in the King-street church, North Hobart, this evening, at 8 o'clock. The Rev. I. H. Í'alfreyuíati will preside,, and then principal poulters., will be, Messrs. W. Strutt, G. Marsden, and L.. Lodge. a) . ' MEETING AT SPRING BAYER is notified' by uilvcitisDmenttliot ratepayers will meet on the 4th proximo at Spring Bay, immediately after the railway meeting there, to consider matters affecting the interests of , the district. and a, , the , Jt I PALACE RINK At the rink the, afternoon and evening there will be practice, for the ram! March to take place atrophy Mas-, average Carnival, announced to be, held 'in Be 6th proximo- ""and 'tin " in >' ' i ,, , COURSING The thirteenth meet of the Hobart, Fox. Terrier Coursing Club, was, held £ Bellerive yesterday, when uiere,was'"u, fair attendance, and some capital sport was' S Witnessed. Mr. P. G., Farmilo made an impartial judged and Mr J. Walton slipped veil. The following I are the results, : Open Stake (points) First round : Shamrock bout Joker ; ? Sooner ran a bye... Final : Airs Cberiyi'BSoonQrheatMr.jVV. heavily Shamrock and won. , Open Caleb and Hotel Shamrock beat Sooner ; Joker in a Gypsy final:. Shamrock boat Joker and Eton. Maiden Stake-City,;iJiiUçr, beat Outres Rhea ran a bye. June! :' City Jones' beat Rice and won. , Second, Open Stake catch, and hold Shamrock, beat Sqouer ; Jokoc beat Carbine. Final :, Shamrock beat Joker and won. Greyhound Stakb-j-Mr. J. Jordan's Napper beat Mr. E. A. Solomon, ns Florrie Mr. H. Francis' Theilgard ran a, bye. i Final Mr. H. Francis as Mr. J,, A. Wise's The Earl, by Fraser Grand. Duchess , beat Mr. E Jordan's, flapper, by. Napper Lady, and wU. ' ' Mr F 'C ' full HtriiT^Tj. The/Hntton-pirtc Beagles, will meet at Melton' on Saturday, 31st Inst.,! for two and. i, s J. - UNCLAIMED TELEGRAMS. Messages ade dressed. Mrs. Deslandes, ss. Mararoa, and " William Gray, Hobart's Hotel,"- are awaiting owners at the Telegraph Office. J i PRODUCE . roll, as rKiW.4'COAST,- AS our readers are aware (says the Examiner the past season has been unusually, favourable for agriculturists, who have been blessed not only With"good°narvests, but, owing to severe drought in adjoining, colo-" * nieV, with, a ^cad^mirkct^nd'good prices? Such-a fortuitous combination' decision always occur, and coming after the'upuáiially' dry season of 1887-8, it was particularly welcome.' Op^tatoea^-précent^tneV lariat item of produce exported but the amount sent away to date from the News Coast has been largely over-estimated by- the general public, It is not easy to obtain the ship sailed figures, but from the Customs tutnsj>Ltb^port.of.Launceston (which-in-' made the sub ports of/.Üíe.N-WvOpímt) we take the following figures of ,quaaUti»a and values of the principal lines, exported, during, the .-.«evan,--.moniha-.of the S present year,," ending "-July 31 : late, bushels :^jJ^Jiii 8515 ... £30,235 Potatoes, tons. 29.8IÍC ... £113,281 turnips, tons, ...-,..... r 815 .. £2,201 Hay and straw, tons .:."' 4,330 . £19,173 This represents. a total value of £165,093, and the potatoe Mason is not bruised yet. The total yield of potatoes in the colony for the past season is estimated by the Government Statistician at 60,721 tons, but as the average yield, which was only an estimate when the returns were made up, is only set down at 4-88 tons per acre, the total given is proba>| bly under the actual results. I TUEIFUKSOHJ WOOL TRADE The Argus of the 16th inst. says i "change, which is assuming large proportions in the wool! trade of France has attracted the notice of the British Consul, at Boulogne, who does votes an wlereating'report to its examination h; -mu s..- s Athol (writes our London component). Until recent years the manasaoturcrs of Roubaix and Tourcoing, the chief centres at the French wool trade, procured their supplies of Australian wool from London, and that from South America from wool sales hold at Havre and Antwerp. Now, however, probably one-half of the wool employed in the RoUbatx-Tourcoing district Is' imported direct from Australia and South America, and the British Consul at Boulogne contends that, should this system of direct Importation" continue and increase, It must inevitably have most prejudicial effect on; the London wool market (He hers that the advantages of buying in London are so great, and obvious that the French would not I desert the great wool. market of the world! and visit' distant countries instead without I having reasons, which deserve careful consideration.. He mentions that the regulations of the London market are antiquated, and entail not only useless trouble, but unnecessary expense on buyers. But a more potent inducement to foreigners to procure their supplies direct from a pro ucing centre lies in the fact that the purchaser in Australia receives his bales intact, and that as a rule they weigh 2 or 3 percent, more when they are received than the weight given in Australia. On the other hand bales purchased in London are received torn open, and owing to the method of sampling, Short in weight. It is said that this difference in weight is in favour of the buyer in Australia, and in a large measure pays the cost of transport to Europe. The introduction of these bargains, or a system of dealing in futures, though chiefly operat- ing in connection, with River Plate wool, is referred to by the British Consul at Boulogne as a change which should not be due: regarded, M many persons believe that it may cause business enterprise to degenerate into speculation. ' THE SPARROWS INDICATION. Under this heading the New York World of July 19 says : " It begins to appear that the English sparrow has been grievously mis- judged and slandered. He was brought here to protect the trees against caterpillars, but for many years it has been asserted over 'and over again that he was a worthless little beggar, who ed upon the crumbs in back yards and totally neglected his work as a caterpillar exterminator., Popular dis pleasure with'him< found expression a year [ or so ago in a bill before the Legislature making it a penal offence for any body to feed spar rows or protect them. The blizzard of March, 18sB,~very nearly exterminated the,birds,,and their number in New York and Brooklynds still very small. Apparently as, a, consequence the trees are this year infested ' with a species of caterpillar whose presence first shows itself in what looks like li white fungus growth on the under side of the branches, but which is in fact the resting-place of the eggs and larvae. The trees are suffering < terribly Many of them are dropping their green leaves, which dry up and fell without, ripen- ing. Others, attacked by the more, ado advanced, ca!te(-pillara, have had their leaves eaten up, leaving nothing but address to show that there ever were any leaves. Meantime the sparrows are. daily and industriously engaged in g tearing the, egg depositories to pieces and feeding upon their contents. But there are not enough birds for the work, and it seems a fair inference from the facts that the trees are being destroyed because of the enormous depletion' of the sparrow population, and, that while we have been abusing the impudent little birds for doing nothing in former years they have really saved our trees until now from the pest which afflicts them this year. , " 