fefmlk Intelligence, VICTORIA. ABCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE PAIIM SUNDAY. To-morrow — Palm Sunday — is the day on which the Church celebrates Christ's triumphant entry into Jerasalem. The name " Palm Sunday " (" Dominica in Talmas" or "Ad Talmas") is ancient, for it occurs in the *' Life of Enthymius" (died 472), and is spoken of as a great day by Isidore of Seville. According to our present rite, palms or olive-branches are blessed by the celebrant before Mass and distributed to the faithful; the clergy walk in procession through the church and pass outside. Then cantors enter the church, leaving the rest without; the hymn, "Gloria, laus, et honor," is sung, both parties, those within and those without, taking part. At last the sub-deacon knocks at the door with the shaft of the processional cross, and the whole body march up the church. In ancient times those who were to be baptised on Holy Saturday, called Competentes, heard the whole creed explained on this Sunday. Watching along the narrow way ' She saw the Man of Sorrows come ; She saw Him fall, and as He lay Bleeding and helpless, there were none To comfort Him by word or deed In this His hoar of sorest need. Goaded, she saw Him slowly rise, And felt the sorrow of His loot; Infinite pity in those eyes— The God-Man's patience that could brook Such inBult from the vilest slave He gave His life to help and save. The big tears down His pallid face , Were mingled with the oozing blood; Each drop a well of living grace— \- The saored all-redeeming flood That soon from out His heart should flow To oleanse and heal our sin and woe. Panting and trembling, on He came I " There was no beauty in Him " now, " Or comeliness." A crown of shame His own hath set upon His brow— Art thou the Christ ? And long and loud Arose the mookery of the crowd. Once more she saw Him fall, and then Such pity in her heart awoke That, heedless of those savage men, ' Straight thro'the frenzied crowd she broke, And on her knees beside Him pressed Her 'kerchief o'er His features, bleBt. One moment, ne'er to be forgot, 'Mid joys of the eternal years; One moment! 'twas her happy lot To see thro' mist of blood and tears The radiance of a joy divine Upon the face of Jesus shine I And, thrilling with a strange delight, She fell upon the blood- stained ground— One moment, He had passed from sight, But in her trembling bands she found Her 'kerchief, bearing evermore His face—whom Seraphim adore. Veronica! brave heart and true 1 • When strong men quailed beneath the rod, And gibe and sword—thou only knew One impulse—pity for thy God— And thine the last sweet kindness done In life for the Most Holy One. Oh, loving Heart of Jesus 1 thou Didst one kind act so well repay 1 Thrice blest Veronica I for now Thou seest him face to face for aye; And yet that glanoe on Calvary's hUl Fills with delight thy memory still. Thy token of a love divine Do we on earth with reverence keep At holy Borne, in sacred shrine, And weary hearts go there to weep, And some with but one earnest prayer, His likeneBS in their souls to bear. And one afar in .distant climes, Loving Verohioa I thy name Pours forth his Boul in simplest lines, 1 And one sweet boon of thine would claim- By thy dear aide one day to see Christ's fade thro' all eternity, -tNation. p. M. HOLT WEEK. During this week the Church commemorates Christ's death and burikl. By ancient writers the last weekof Lent is spoken of as. the Great, the; Holy Week, the Week of the Holy Passion, the Penal Week, the Week of Forgiveness. In the East, Holy Week w&* distinguished from the rest of Lent by the extreme strictness of its fast. Thus Dionysius of Alexandria tells us that some Christians kept an absolute fast the whole week; others did so for one, two, three, or four days. . The ceremonies of Holy Week commence with the singing of the office of Tenebrm on the Afternoon or evening of the Wednesday preceding Easter Sunday, and conclude on Easter Ere. . The Tenebra;—This is the name given to the matins and lauds of the following, day, which are usually sung on the afternoon or evening of Wednesday, Thursday, Mid Friday in Holy Week. The Gloria, JP&tri; it the end of the Psalms and in the responsories. the hymns, antLphpM of ;the Blessed Virgin, etc., are omitted in eigu of sorrow. The lessoiui of the first noctnrn are taken from the Lamentations of Jeremias, the Hebrew letter which begins each verse in these acrostic poems being Tetained in Latin. At the beginning of the office thirteen lighted candles are placed on a triangular candelabrum, and at the end of each psalm one is put out, till only a single candle is left alight on the top of the triangle. During the singing of the Benedictus the candles on the -high" altar are extinguished, while at the antiphon after the Benedictus the .single candle left alight is hidden at the epistle corner of the altar, to be brought out again at the end of the office. This extinction of lights (whence, probably, thel name tenebrm, or darkness) is best explained by Amalarius Fortunatus, who. wrote in 820, " It figures," he says, " the growing darkness of the time when Christ, the light of the world, was taken." The last candle, according to Benedict XIV., is hidden, not extinguished, to signify that death could not really obtain dominion over Christ, though it appeared to do so. The clapping made at the end of the office is said to symbolise the confusion that followed the death of Christ. HOLT THURSDAY.—On this day one Mass only can be said in the same church, and that Mass must be a public one. The Mass is celebrated in white vestments, because the institution of the Eucharist is joyfully commemorated, but, at the same time, there are certain signs of the mourning proper to Holy Week. The bells which this day ring at the Gloria do not sound again till the Gloria of the Mass on Holy Saturday, and the Church returns to her ancient use of summoning the faithful or arousing their attention. Nor is the embrace of peace given. The celebrant consecrates an additional host, which is placed in a chalice, and borne in procession after the Mass to a place prepared for it. In ancient times this procession occurred daily, for there was no tabernacle over the altar for reserving the particles which remained over after the communion of the faithful. Medieval writers connect the procession of the Blessed Sacrament on Holy Thursday with our Lord's journey to the Mount of Olives after the Last Supper. The " Pange Lingua " is sung during the procession, and the place to which the Blessed Sacrament is removed—often called the sepulchre, but properly the altar of repose—is decked with flowers and lights. Afterwards the altars are. stripped. This, according to Verb in his explanation of the ceremonies of the Mass, used to be done every day after the celebration of the Sacrifice, and is retained on Holy Thursday to remiad the Christians of the way in which their Master was stripped of His clothing. In St. Peter's, Borne, the chief altar is washed with wine, and a similar custom prevails among the Dominicans and Carmelites, and in some churches of France and Germany, or did, at least, in the time of Benedict XIV. The stripping of the altars is followed in some churches by the washing of the feet, called "Mandatum," from the words of the > first antiphon used during the ceremony—" Mandatum novum," &c;„ "A new commandment I give unto you, that you love one another;" whence our English word Maunday Thursday. The principal priest or prelate, assisted by deacon and sub deacon, washes the feet of twelve poor men. The Pope washes the feet of thirteen poor persons, all of whom are priests, and some churches follow the Papal custom. Since the seventh century the Holy Oils, formerly consecrated at any time, are blessed by the irishop in the Mass of this day. Twelve priests and seven deacons assist as witnesses of the ceremony. Goon FBIDAT.—This day, the day of the Church's widowhood, displays to us the sanctuary, bare and unadorned. ,, The altar being stripped of its ornaments op theprevions day, nothing remains but the crucifix, now veiled inblack, aid the sLc candlesticks. The candles, are not ighted until the latter part of the unction. Thek^y-noteof the rjjght unerstanding of this day r s functions is, hat on this day the prieBt does not. offer. acrifice, and therefore does not, so jto ay, stand in tbe plaice ot Jesus Christ,; ut rather stands. as: the representative; of the congregation present, and conequently they follow and take part in the various acts of reparation hp performs. The officiating clergy appear in black .vestments,-and j-pipstzrateselves before the altar, which, £till re-, mainB stripped, and withont the customary lighted caudles. After, ^show pause the altar is- covered . with white cloths, and .phages folj', the: Old Testament, of the Passion from jStyJohii.-are Next the Church p:. conditions pf men-^-i ofthe Mogqefexsraf of Christian people heretics, Jews, and pagans. Before each prayer the sacred ministers genuflect, except before that for^the Jews, when the genuflection is timitted in detestation of the feigned obeisance with which the Jews mocked Christ. When the prayers are ended, the cross which has been up to this time covered with black is exposed to view, and kissed by clergy and people, during which the " Improperia" are sung. We have now to speak of the most striking and singular feature in the Good Friday ritual. From very ancient times-the Greek Church abstained from the celebration of Mass in the proper sense of the word during Lent, except on Saturdays and Sundays, and substituted for it the Mass of the Presanctified, in which the priest received as communion a Host previously consecrated. The Greeks still retain this ancient use, but the Latin Church contents herself with abstaining from the celebration of Mass on Good Friday, the day on which Christ was offered as a bleeding victim for our sins. The Blessed Sacrament is borne in procession from the altar of repose while the choir siri£>B the hymn, "VexillaRegis." The priestplaces the Hoston the altar, the candles of which are now lighted.' The lessed Sacrament is elevated and adored; t is next divided into three parts, one of hich is put into a chalice containing ine and water. Finally, the priest eceives the portions of the Host which emain on the paten, and then takes the ine with the third portion of the Host. he faithful can only communicate on ood Friday in case of sickness. HOLT SATUBDAY.—It was the practice of the Catholic Church from the earliest ages that no Mass was said on Holy Saturday while our Saviour was in the tomb. For a thousand years after the foundation of the Church it was the custom to spend this day in prayer and fasting, in watching in spirit with the holy women at the sepulchre until the morning of the Resurrection. At midnight on Friday the Divine office for Easter Eve was sung, but the service and Mass that we have now on Holy Saturday really took place on Saturday night, and, extending till dawn on Sunday morning, was the immediate herald of the Resurrection. As the sun went down on Easter Eve the Bishop, clergy, and faithful used to repair to the Church for this office, and its magnificent functions occupied the whole night until sunrise on Easter Day. This explains the many allusions we find in it to the night. Besides, this service of the night was specially ordained and fitted for the baptism of those catechumens who had been previously found worthy of admission into the Christian Church. This throws light upon many of its ceremonies and prayers. The two principal sections of the ceremonies of Holy Saturday are the Blessings and the Mass. The service begins i not in the sanctuary, but at the very j entrance to the Church, when new fire, kindled from a flint, is blessed. From this the light is taken for the candles and lamps throughout the Church, which were extinguished on Good Friday. This was of first importance in the early Church, that the faithful might have light for the long night ceremony. Five grains of incense are then blessed, and the deacon lights a triple candle (in honour of the Trinity), and leads the way to the sanctuary, thrice announcing as he goes, each time in a higher tone, the Lumen Christi. When the procession reaches the sanctuary the deacon chants his song of triumph (JExultet) and solemnly blesses the Paschal Candle, which when lighted is the representation both of the pillar, of fire , which ;; went before the people of God. in their wanderings through the desert, and of the new-born glory of Jesus Chnst risen froth the . grave. During this grand song of joy the deacon pauses three times; once to' fix in the candle-the five grains of incense in the form of a cross, which, by their number, represent the five wounds, and, by their substance, the precious, spices which the holy women brought io the sepulchre this'night to embalm thebody of their dead Lord; a secohd time he pauses to light the newly blest candle;; and a third: time, whilst the . lamps in ,the -church are once more lighted. After the song of joy which is pung ,by the deacon clothed in white vestments, the jfc^ve jPmphfriies ' are sung; 'these wer^ primarily intended for - the instruction'' 'ot •*•'. the ' catechumens who weretb be . -baptised on thiB night: Then comes: the blfessing of the font in. Which the, catechumens are to be baptised. In front of jthe procession, is parried the Paschal Candle, which led these' neophVtes to 'the ^ateri of' SalViu -oh/eveil is the > pillkr'Jbf fire led fthb hildretf of ftr&felttf; th&iaviflfc; #atS4s of he 'Bed Set 1 : Whei vUfevabUbraafc ^eachea the baptistery he: jingS/.tiw '"^terjyi:|he,Iowa i>| uydjScMr TO some fo'wMdfl ini fouf^aftrterB of the world; he breathes upon it, and invokes the grace and power of the Holy Ghost upon it. He then dips the Paschal Candle three times into the water. The people - present are then sprinkled with this Easter Water, and after this the holy chrism and oil of catechuniens are poured into the font/to mingle with the baptismal waters. This completes the solemn blessing of the font, and after this the catechumens, in the olden times and still in Catholic Countries of Europe, were baptised and confirmed. After the blessing of the font, the procession returns to the sanctuary and the Litanies of the Saints are sung, during which the celebrant and sacred minister lie prbBttate before the altar. As the Litanies end, the altar. is decked with flowers and the Mass is begun in white vestments. At the Gloria the organ sounds,, the bells are ruBg, and the joyful strains of the "Alleluia" peal forth after the Epistle ; the Gospel relates the visit of Mary Magdalen and the other Maries to the sepulchre at the dawn of day. The Creed is not sung, and the Kiss of Peace is still omitted, for it was not until the evening of the day of the .Resurrection that Jesus stood in the midst of His Apostles in the Upper Chamber in the Holy City and gave them His Peace. For the same reason the Agnus DA is omitted. When this Mass was appointed by the Church to be sung on the Saturday morning (instead of the dawn of Easter Day) it was necessary that it should be followed by Vespers. As the service is already so long, the Church bids the singing of Vespers containing only one Psalm and the Magnificat immediately after the communion. The Mass then concludes with the blessing and the last Gospel according to St. John. THE SACKED FUNCTIONS OF HOLT WEEK AT THE CATHEDBAL. On Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday evening the office of Tenebrae will be chanted at 6.30 o'clock. On Holy Thursday Pontifical Mass will begin at 9 o'clock. On Good Friday the Mass of the Presanctified, with the chanting of the Passion and Adoration of the Cross, will commence at 11 o'clock. On Holy Saturday the sacred functions will begin at 8 o'clock. On Easter Sunday after High Mass at 11 o'clock, his Grace the Archbishop will impart the Papal benediction to the congregation. SODALITT OF THE B.V M. At the usual weekly meeting of the sodality at St. Patrick's College on the 15th inst. the new prefect, Mr. Sydes, B.A., LL.B., on behalf of the sodality, very cordially welcomed Sir Thomas Grattan Esmonde, who was present at their meeting. Sir Thomas, who, on rising, was greeted with prolonged cheering, expressed fcil pleasure at the character of the reception accorded him, and stated that he and hib colleagues, Mr. John Dillon, M.P., and Mr. Deasy, M.P., trusted to be able to dispel much of the prejudice which existed in the colonies in relation to the cause of Home Eule for Ireland by honest and simple statements of the exact position of affairs in Ireland. They came as envoys to lay before the people of the colonies a plain and straightforward statement of the great principles for. which the Irish people are contending. During the evening the contents of the first number of the sodality manuscript magazine were read. Afterwards a discussion on the merits and demerits of the articles took , place, in which ,Fr. Byan, S.J., Dr. Kenny, Dr. O'Sullivan, Messrs. B. Hoare, J. Egan, Cropilue, Towsey, Sexton, and others took part, Before the sodality adjourned Mr. Sexton warmly congratulated Mr. Sydes pit the high position-to which he had'been elevated: Mr. Sydes suitably replied. ... MISSION J^T BBUFLSWICK, ; . . ; On Siinday last the ; Bedemptgiist Fathers j; amers opened uueaea a mission in m St. OG. A^mbrose AmuryBe - Church, Brunswick, the first weel •of which is being devoted to c^dtiliirT^he mission for adults will commiaricetomorrowv ' Notwithstanding .th-e • inclemency of the weather during the rj»st week, the services of the;-mission Save been attended daily by a largi?; ^umber ofchildren. PRESENTATION TO THE .: BEV. B. fiOMJNB.' On' Tuesday-evening a ntimber ' of residents of' Brunswick land iColmrg assembled in the Brunswick Town PaU, and presented the Rev. £. .CoU^.fjjwho has ; lately been removed from that., district' to the charge -bf the parish bf' Clifton Hill) with areleglntMdressihd'' pnSrse 6t131 sovereigns, ^ridr'to nteTkfct' the presentation; a programme > kit YdtsAl atid' instrumental . music, wasli ./gone.' through'; Mias iO'(bfmor,Mtr.fyxmr>t) Mr. pooma, .ifri^h^ pj^i^^performers. Jffljgj dre»B, ipoke itt. ^- rev. recipient. The address, which was as follows, was read by Mr. Gordon:— To the Rev. B. Collins. Bey. and Dear Sir,—On the 'occasion of your departure from amongst us, we, the parishioners of Brunswick %nd Coburg, and the members of St. Ambrose C.Y.M.'s and Total Abstinence Societies, desire to offer you this slight token of our veneration, love, and esteem. The manner in which you Have performed the' duties of your sacred calling, and the earnest and beautiful way in which you expounded the truths of our holy religion, have excited in us not only a profound reverence and admiration for you, but also a higher and nobler' love for our faith. To the afflicted and suffering you have ever been a true comforter; with the poor in distress a sincere and practical sympathiser; «nd to the young a counsellor and a friend. As a citizen, your genial and amiable disposition has endeared you not alone to your own people, but to many who differ from you in religion. Your absence will be particularly felt by the confraternities here represented, which have been fostered and stimulated by your devoted care, guidance, and example. The Young Men's Society has, under your benign influence, grown to be one of the strongest of its kind in the colony, and in the Total Abstinence Society your fervent and untiring advocacy has laid the foundation of much good. We deeply regret parting with you, but bow submissively to the decision of our revered Archbishop, and though separated from us in your labours you will ever be united with us in spirit. We earnestly hope and pray that God's grace and every blessing in life may attend you, and trust you will sometimes remember us in your prayers.—We remain, rev. and dear sir, W. H. Beid, chairman ; J. Gordon, hon. sec.; W. Rose, treasurer: Brunswick. D. U'Donald, senr., P. Benson, senr., T. Buokley, B. Maloney, B. Fleming, Coburg. T. Comber, • president C.Y.M.S. ; Rev. G. Byrne, president Total Abstinence Sooiety. FT. Collins in feeling terms exressed the gratitude he felt for the J andsome address and generous gift which his friends of Coburg and Brunswick had presented to him. . The proceedings terminated with a rote of thanks to the chairman. BBQUIBM MASS AT ABBOTSFOBD. On Wednesday an anniversary Requiem Mass and Office for the repose of the Soul of the late Rev. Mother of the Abbotsford Convent was celebrated in the chapel of the convent by the Rev. R. S. Benson, assisted by Rev. M. M'Kenna and Rev. J. J. Cusackj as deacon and sub-deacon. There was a large attendance of priests at the sacred functions. THE ABCHBISHOP AT WOODBND. On Saturday last the Archbishop of the diocese paid his first visit to Woodend, which, with Trentham, was lately constituted a parish, and placed in charge of the Rev. M. Quinn. Prom various sources, but more especially from the Wooiend Star, we take the" following particulars of the enthusiastic reception which was given to his G-race. Great preparations had been made to welcome the revered prelate. Over most of the principal stores bunting was displayed, as well as banners and bannerettes; and towards midday, notwithstanding the rain, vehicles of every description were seen approaching from all the outlying districts, and the [railway station became densely crowded as the time approached for the arrival of the train from Melbourne. When the train entered the station it was greeted by three ringing cheers, and the Archbishop was met at the carriage by the Rev. M. Quinn, the Rev. J. M'Enroe, and the Rev. J. Daley, of Kyneton, who escorted him through a long avenue, formed by the members of the Hibernian Society, in "full regalia, and. t&fe; Catholic Young Mien's Society, wearing green and white rosettes. Upon leaving the station the Archbishop entered the carriage of Mr. M. M'Kenna, J.P., of Kyneton, and mounted marshals: (Messrs. O'Brien and M'Inerney), with their assistants, arranged a procession in the following order:—Kyneton and Wobdend Brass Band; an immense: banner of St. Michael's Hibernian Society, Hothkin, upon a waggon drawn by four horses, gaily decorated with ztbf&ns; the members of the H.A.C.B.S.,, in full regalia; the Catholic Yojing Men's Society, with banner; the children of the school, with banners; and the generalpublicon foot. 1 After the Archbishop's carriage came a carriage with thp officiating clergyman, followed by npwardB of a: hund^'private vehicles. 'Sf 'trilcome had i^rectedl'•; Upon* ejiterih& the Sacred' experienced at.the estab i at,of -the hWoodend Mission and the^sit^iiwiGrace^aniltiun'read and; presented an address on behalf of the nelly, of Melbourne. At the top left hand corner was an excellent portrait of the Archbishop; underneath was the coat of "trms of the H.A.C.B.S., and on the right hand margin was a harp—representing the laity—and the coat of arms of the C.Y.M. A border of "blossoms adorned each page. The address was as follows:— To the MOST REV. Da. GABB, Archbishop of Melbourne. May it please Your Grace,—On this auspicious occasion we, your devoted children of the newly-established mission of Woodend, Trentham, East Trentham, and Tylden, deem it a privilege and pleasure to wish your Grace a " Gead Mille Failthe" to Woodend. In thus bidding you welcome, we, the laity, feel deeply grateful for the high honour you have conferred upon us in the appointment of the Rev. M. Quinn to the office of parish priest, and in this connection we think it right to express our indebtedness to our late respected and endeared pastor Dean Geoghegan, who for upwards of thirty years laboured zealously in attending to the spiritual wants of the people of the district. We recognise fully the responsibility attached to Fr. Quinn's appointment, and hence it is we "feave great pleasure in assuring jour Grace that we will remain faithful, true, and valiant to our priests and Holy Church. Your Grace is illustrious in learning and eloquence, and remarkable for the paternal, kind, and gentle way in which you rule the great Archdiocese of Australia's Queen City. Your influence is widespread, and your utterances demand the greatest attention; therefore, we are imbued with every hope that your wisdom, learning, and piety will obtain many blessings for the Catholic people of Victoria. As members of the Woodend Branch of the H.A.C.B.S., it is our privilege to jpin in the welcome accorded to your Grace, and need we say that we are deeply grateful for the warm interest and the paternal regard you have manifested towards the Society since your arrival in the colony, and, too, that we are not unmindful of your love for Dear and Holy Ireland. You have felt her sorrows, and rejoiced at her joys, and as we know that the love of Holy Ireland is-not the least characteristic of your noble heart, which is pained by the afflictions imposed upon her priests and people. However, the day is not far distant when we will once more proclaim " Ireland a Nation." In unison with the Laity and the Hibernian Society, the members of the Woodend C.Y.M.S. heartily endorse the sentiments already expressed. Your Grace will be pleased to learn that the society has been attended with every success, and that it has been to a great extent the means of promoting religion, justice, literature, and. general intellectual training amongst its members. In conclusion, we beg your Grace to accept our most sincere congratulations on the spread of our Holy Faith in this young colony, and upon the success attained by the Catholic schools in the Centennial International Exhibition. Wishing your Grace every blessing, and hoping to be remembered in your prayers, as you will be in ours, we are, your Grace's obedient children in Christ, James Kenny, Patrick Kenny, Michael O'Brien, John M'Inerney, John Donovan, James O'Connor, Michael Hogah, William Norton, Michael O'Dwyer, James O'Connor (Hesket), representing the laity;' Daniel Buckley, John O'Leaiy, representing the H.A.C.B.S.; John Slattery, Michael Joseph O'Brien, representing the W.C.Y.M.S. His Grace, having received the address, xpressed gratification at seeing so many resent from all parts of the district, Who ad assembled not only for the purpose f paying him a personal compliment, ut,'what was still more gratifying; also or the purpose of testifying their aderence to the Catholic faith. His first isit to them had been delayed for some onsiderable time, but the occasion of is presence there that day was sufficient estimony that he had not been unmindul of their spiritual or temporal welfare. e had come for the purpose of inductng their new pastor, the Rev. Fr. Quinn, nto the charge and responsibilities of he mission, and also for the purpose of arking his approval of their deterination to build a: new presbytery, hich would be at once a source of tability and a symbol of perseverance in he new mission. His visit was like*, ise for the purpose of inaugurating ranches of the Association of the acred Heart and of- the League f the CroBs, which, he :believed; ould tend to advance their. spiritual ood. Having referred to the import* nce attaching to: the induction, and xpressing satisfaction .that thepeoplfe should combine for general spiritual elfare, he said the presenters of, .thei ddress were right when they expressM heir respect for the rev. dean who: for hirty years past had preiided.over their ission. Everyone knew therev.gentleH an's self-sacnficing nature,,and how ei had striven to advance hisupeojile; nd no one knew it bettex thah lie/the peaker).r-Batresident.jrespbnsible riest would be able to do more for them han one at a distance, and it -sras Kmlji: what they desired in this respect. There' were two matters referred to in the address dear to their own hearts, and, as they knew, to his also. These were' the great Education question, and the question which related to the fate and fortunes of Ireland. He was not sorry that they had referred to the success of the Catholic schools at the Exhibition. Their schools had had but a short time to prepare, whereas the State' schools had had several months' warning. He did not refer to this fact for the purpose of fault-finding, but merely to show the advantage the State schools had over the Catholic. The result of the competition between the schools showed that in the eyes of the judges—the majority of whom were not Catholics, only two belonging to their Church—the Catholic schools found considerable favour. The judges said the State schools had much to learn in methods of instruction and results from the Catholic schools. Of course, the Catholic schools were not all perfect; it could hardly be expected of those situated in sparsely-populated districts. It was a difficult matter to keep up the schools in those districts ; but to take the schools all round, in city and country, and also taking into account the assistance accorded to State schools and withheld from the Catholics, it had to be admitted that the latter maintained not only a good standard of proficiency, but they deserved far more credit than did those with whom they competed. He did not deny the right of the State to rovide facilities for education, but he Seld that primarily the right belonged to parents, and if every parent were prepared to educate his children up to the standard required there would be no room for interference on the part of the State. But, taking into consideration the mixed state of the community, and the fact that many people would not educate their children, the State had a right to step in. The State might be justified in making education compulsory, and liberal in making it entirely free; but he denied altogether that the State had any right or authority to make education secular. He denied that they had any right to banish from the schools that which was the flower and perfection of education—the knowledge of God. It should be the aim of parents to fit their children not only for their earthly duty, but for their immortal destiny. It mattered little what their earthly success was if preparation for the future life were neglected. If Catholic parents objected to have their children educated like pagans, they had a right in the name of justice that they should have some means of educating their children in accordance with the dictates of their conscience. They had a right to the same facilities given to those parents who were satisfied with the purely secular system. It had been said that if that recognition were given to the Catholic schools all other denominations would claim the same concession. Well, if this were so, and other denominations said " We will set up schools on our own account," would it not prove that the present system was forced on the people of this colony P Would it hot prove that the parents were sending children to school unwilb'ngly, and that another system would be vastly preferred P But he believed that even if the Government gave the choice, the Catholics would be the only ones to take advantage of the opportunity. It might be asked—By what right did he say that ? By the experience of the past. When the secular system was first introduced, the Catholic body was the only one which stud, " We will have nothing to do with that godless form of education," and they were willing to make every sacrifice to carry out their determination. No other denomination had done that, but some had even sold and rented their schools to the' State in order that the country might have this goddess system of education. Judging . by the past, then, he believed the Catholics would be the only ones who .would take advantage of an opportunity such as he thought should be given to them. Referring to the distracted state of affairs in Ireland, he said, as his hearers knew, the peopl^ and leaders were on their trial here; but they also knew that, so far as the trial had gone, it had .fulfilled the prediction of every friend of Ireland. Instead of injuring the .Irish name and Irish leaders, it had. had the contrary effect, and would prove one of the great events of the century, serving to attract , the attention of the world to Ireland's condition. : It would. prove to the world fthatiftherehadbeencrimes in Ireland '—and, unhappily, there had d>een' more jthan there should have been—they were ionly the outcome ofothe forced relations jwhich'existed betweenr:ti» ,goreming= [State -and,the subject people.andthe just,relations between theowners and 1 > .tillers -of the iSoil^thaMaevereahd ... tta isatter- 'bsti&& 613 of rejoicing to every true-hearted Irishman that the revelations had gone to set aside the calumny and bitter untruths that were told regarding the connection of Irish leaders with the perpetration of any crime. Out of this strife and turmoil—out of the dark clouds now going by—the sun of Ireland's independence would ere long shine forth bright and strong, and their prayer should be that it would so continue to shine for centuries to come, showing to all men that Ireland was entitled to legislative independence; and that had Bhe received common justice and fair play she would be in this nineteenth century what she had been before —the land of saints and scholars, the land which educated not only her own children, but which sent forth enlightenment and salvation to the world. His Grace then expressed his satisfaction at finding branches of the H.A.C.B. and C.Y.M. societies established in Woodend. He considered these valuable institutions capable of performing much good work. He concluded with a few words of good counsel to the people, urging them to prove by their good conduct that the faith which came from Ireland and St. Patrick—the faith which had been persecuted for years—was still as strong in Woodend, Trentham, and the whole of the mission as among the hills of Tipperary, or anywhere within Ireland's encircling shores. Subsequently his Grace added a few remarks. He had, he said, that day met one of the candidates for the local seat at the late election. He was one of those who had not concealed his Catholic principles. He (the speaker) believed it would be better if there were no Catholics in Parliament for a hundred years than that any Catholic candidate should get into Parliament by what could be construed as a desertion or denial of Catholic principles. There were some at the recent election who entirely ignored the Catholic claims in regard to education. He could understand a candidate of their denomination coming forward and saying he did not wish to interfere with others who were not Catholics in regard to the educational privileges, provided he pointed out the just claims of those who were not satisfied. But he did not understand Catholic candidates saying that they concurred with the present system, and it was to the credit of the candidate he referred to that he did not do so. The Archbishop having pronounced the Benediction, the congregation dispersed. On Saturday evening Fr. M'Enroe established a branch of the Sacred Heart Association for. men, and the following appointments were made.to the offices:—President, Mr. John Slattery; treasurer, Mr. Jas. Kenny; secretary, M. J. O'Brien. In connection with the ladies' branch the officers appointed are as follows:—Warden, Mrs. P. Kenny; secretary, Miss Daniel; treasurer, Rev. M. Quinn; prefect, MiBS Bradley. The members of the society approached Holy Communion on Sunday, morning in a body, and were addressed by his Grace the Archbishop. The ceremony of inducting the Rev. M. Quinn took plaoe on Sunday morning at the eleven o'clock Mass, the church being densely crowded. Mass having been celebrated by the pastor of the mission, the,: Archbishop said • he had, no doubt Fr. Quinn would - always labour to fulfil his duties, and : they should strive to profit by his word • and example, so that both might be united in heaven. He wished 'every success to his ministration, and every good fruit which sit wa* possible for the people to derive.- His Grace then delivered, an eloquent and impressive discourse on the evils of intemperance, and the advantages to be derived .by ber coming a member of the League of the Cross. One of his objects in viinting them that day was to ask as .many as possible to don the .cross. Not only should those persons • join who .were addicted to drink, but also those who feared their own weakness inthat respect, and those, too, whose example might be the means of inducing others to abstain. There was no greater evil than an irresistible taste for drink, for drunkennessiriiined JL man mentally and bodily,-and likewise.i^G^olled hiff. soul. ?Then there was the temble example a drunken father gave''i» his children, W&b.Welre; v^Mdib TOlWia hiis £ootstepB. "He'Was quite 1 sure tills Vfe» of) drankenneSB did not prevail in this disfrict.buttherewere some whomight fall' )t coda • j debarred from taking alcohol if necessary. They would wear the ctosb openly on public occasions, vnd they •should always keep it about their person. It would be a safeguard' against temptation from evils other than Slcohol. At the close of the sermon a large number of crosses were blessed, and the greater number of those present took them, repeating after the Archbishop the words of the pledge. The following are the names of the gentlemen who comprised the Reception committee:—Messrs. Jas. Kenny, Patk. Kenny, Jas. O'Connor, M. O'Brien, John M'Inerney, Miohael Hogan, Wm, Norton, Michael Dwyer (representing the laity), Daniel Buckley and John O'Leary (H.A.C.B. Society), and John Slattery and Michael Joseph O'Brien (Woodend C.Y.M. Society). Messrs. M. J. O'Brien and J. Inerney acted as Marshals of the procession. The ladies who displayed so much taste in decorating the church were— Misses E. Bradley, Daniel, Reddan, Kavanagh, and M'Williams, and they were ably assisted by Mr. Broderick, who also arranged the outside decorations. It is due to Mr. J. J. Broderick to mention that four of the banners carried in the procession were of his design and execution, and were much admired for the good taste and artistic skill to which they bore testimony. 