Rov~Iit. The M idllight Prophecy OI, l~l OF STRATESPEY TOERS. By Emma Garrison Jones. CHIAPTER XIL EO'WLLtS. The countess and Judith drew near the litile farm-house. It was a pretty, snug place, a sox of a cottage all over, hunz -?.th ranning creeCers, with quaint lIt ticed windows, and sloping caves. bencath -hich the wrens and martins twittered. A psjare, green yard, shaded by a gaant nk, hen"eth which an old man, wearing he simple garb of a Tyrol :,,annt. sr.r, a:r.kering at abroken sheep-bell, which he :-sa vainly trying to mend. As she approached the wicket-gate. the ne- s grew de:dly white, and leaned .arvilv on Judith's arm for support. "'Oh. Judith,'"she murmured. "how :.riliar everything seems ! I feel as if I -*i lived here:" 'es, my lady," replied the 9nil, her checks very pale, and her voice un y ; " there s not one thing different:; \- ven reember thn' - I;~- - . a • I..?-s: sn m tat,.ooth, wCrn stone "e do,,r. Oh, it is very strrnge ' ey openedc the wicket and erossed the r. n r::d. T:he old peasant dropped his oi ou and rte t~o~ feet a: their anp r? c.h. '" 1r s.v ins f3a:: thLi morning,"' spake •udi:. '" Wl "i:+ :'u be good enough to :•.c v a c?-i?k tf fresh milk . SAy' , :o Le sure." replied the old ean. ort ing iacessantly. Cume in, come a : yr ,,d u:oman's laying the dinner :er---come r ht in." T:er fillowed him across the smooth sone Feep. and through the rine-shaded :.rway ; and there, in the centre of the Site, sanded foor, shtood a square table, set cut with shining pewter ilatters. Laiy it- thspey gaped her breath, and ::I; tightly to Judith's arm. lie wife, who sat in the clim:ney -.rfr, with her spectacles on her nose, r.. up with astartled exclamation. "Why, bless me " she cried, seizing -,n tie countess. and aosisting her to a -.?5 on the wooden settle. "Poor thing! w:s: ails her ?" "' Shes ill and faint," caplained Juith, "sr-i came to beg a drink of new '"And she shall iave it,- continued the i .?: .;n; "but sit ye down you.relf." -e a1icl., lancing at Judith's white ?ela. "Ye are like a :pair of ghosts, . o.f ye. Come, sit down, and I"l n., the dinner on the table in a wink. s the ry thing, too, a?il suit ye. be n iin--chickcn broth aidd umlling, .i r.p oi beer to wash it down; my S:an al ways wants it when he's ailig. t.,re. sit ye down :" :di. obeyed, sittingdown beside her ;istres.s and the woman flew about. erot ?', h.er Savrery mcal upon th, tab:le, while her huiband sat on the stone door- ii!, iarpian at the flies that bsr.ed in the o?un -stal ht. Presrtl as gleeful shout mid a ripling u-st of childish la.2lhter broike upon the silence. and from a little back bed-cham bera little fellow, some three summner old. came deanrciu into the room. seein! the strangenr, he c me toa sutd den halt. and stood like a statue, his s? let smock-froes dielusling Lis round, bare less and dimpled feet, and a queer lit- le cap, ornamented with a long feather rurneuntang his head, with his profuse ??xen ringlets. There he stood, his great bl? eats wide with childish wonder. " WIhy, tlonul., cried the old woman, " cant e say how d'ye do to the ladies l tavse ye forgot your manners I" Rl.-mulus doffed his plumed cap, end dip:isd.l-is curly flaen heed. "How d'ye do, ladies?" he said, I cbediently. At the sound ofi the sweet, lisping voice, the c'euntes, who had sat since the child's Eppearance liks one turned to stone, uR:r.:da ?athetsc cry, and springing for war. caaught the boy to her bosonm. " Oh, ray baby ! my lost darling ! my e-rn precies child !" she cried, between her burs ing sobs pnd passionate kisses; '" Laiw I should find you, you precious icest lamb !" :Te old peasant and his wife stood t'rndett-Eck : but the. little fellow, no th5ra d<ntn?d. wound his chubby arms abcnt the lady's neck, and put sis ruddy cheek against hers. " Do;.'t ky !" he tisp?d, ertreatingly; ' immii: likes lady !-- ommie likes "o Do ye see, old man : quoth the wife to her husband, her voice full of pain. "Wlhat did I tell ye the night ye found him T Didn't I say, just as we got our hearts =.et on him some fine folks would come in hrd snatch him away ? Yes, I y did ; and I wish iye' left him to the milch goat, that I do." W\irepon, leaving her dinner only id half-dishe, she sat down, and carrying her arsun to her eves, began to cry her e- if. Tloe loy's qiuick eves soon noticed her, and clamberitL down fom Lady Strath s':ey's knee, he ran to her side. "'lon': uo ky, grand-mudder," he te licadcd, tugint: at her apron ; " Rommie likes graud- mudder, too." The old man caught him up in his Saras. " He's mine l the bor's mine 1" he said, idmoet sava'gely; "and I'll give Lim up to one. His father and mother abandoned him to t he mercy of iny milch g,:at, and he's nrtic. The countess and Judith, both uttered tassimtuiances cry at this coefirmation of their strani-e dream. The old ran regard: d them with angry susp~con. :h "Iyv goodt women," he said, "what does all this mean ? Cant yve explain is yourselves, and tell me what's the mat Ily a strong effort Ldvy Strathspey con trolled herself and wiped the streaming i tears from her cheeks. " y good sir," she replied, "the e- i rlanation I have to give to you is a strange at one, which possibly you may not believe -indeed, I cannot believe it it times myself ; but my maid here can beer me out in what I have to say." Whereupon she related all the myster ions circumstance of the disappearance of her Labe on the night of his birth ; and elso the strange dream which Judith had first dreamed and then herself. \- And the old man and his wife listened in speechless aumaement, while the sum mer sunshine crept slowly over the sanded floor, and the savoury dinner grew cold upon the table. Wlhen hie h-ad finish --d they sat look!ng into each other's faces in utter conelernatio. " It must be that God sent us the dream.'" contined the ronuntss, "for it I:aul t me inda and n-ght over since. I could not rest one moment. And thi mornin the inuant - y eyes beheld th I plazo I'-ner it, and t k:now as surely, al. though anrth-r -Ir iucrps his place, that the bsy is my own, the babi wt-o was stolen from my arras in. the very hour of hit iii;, the righttful heir to t'he Earldmof Sreti.spey Towers. ". r.d noer.my gaol- pcopie," she con tinued, " ae. to?'ld you my str:mge i mt'"r, Cli I implore -:i to let rme hear t :"cur-. Tl I_ me how nr, when yau cae a ,y tkhi cih r : a-t I pray there tay he i sime ,ro ;- whlich i ca rl-store him to hI rghl:tfnl pila;c" The old copi- sat in utter silence for a few ieoments, o-rr=hc::acd by what they had heard. Ti:c idea that it was a d young earl they had fuos?ird filled them with abhoiu:c aofright. The cid man spoke atlat:. "Old 1 woman." he said, drawing a long breith, and resuming his s?at on the door sill, "you are so ib er of the toangu than I am--yu :ell the storm'. Sapr-n. e " Talk of being glib of to-nue now," ese s e.-_ln, ," f:r iea ring such a story as ier-h-rb, the very merm r". ba at out of it ;ne I do declare it renmisds me of the old s'ories in th-e ;ile 'bout the days of S:rte .\pestles. f:t I'l do the btc I can, o your hi-h:e?s," she contiinmtd, howing npofon'dly to the countes ; "and if my i miemry be ltid 111 stlck to the t:n'h : "It was on theteeth of Jnuary ; I re member that ! ell. 'cause our red5' hef:r had a. colf on New Yac:,r's Day-and on lat very morning the old mn:o n says., Old I-woman, the red heifer's calf be ten day's old to-day, and you can begin to steal a i1 mite of the drippiu? --yoau tend to her t and I'll go and look after the goats.' So t, I went kown to the ,attle-sh·d, a:l a milklel the driipping, and fed the hie' r, and came home antd .idt ,itt dinme:r. i,1 that time here soines the old m:ui all cf ao Jutter. ' "lolly,'he said, ':lcheied milct t goat is missing ;' an nodt'ing would d1 but I must go and help him hunt her. " Well, away we went. adt! a pretty tramp we hiadl Thro:gh ithe-vasilleys, and up the mcuntains, till I though: i should g dro' in my shoes. At last, way on tc - "'arei sundowni we spies her, perched on the tos of that bald ciff at the left yonder." Ci "Oh, my lady!" e-jaculated -Judi th.. " Go on, my go;om m "~ ' urh,_.! the . coninie'. " Weh, thI re lie lba tI'r.'ic-d right ::top, of t ihe .ift. ` Why. .,.1 ýoanan,' saysthei b iol!:l' .rn, `c'.ssgat' kids! Who'da thought ti it ? Yu must o,, i-, and bring them dow:n a Sn your apron, while I fetch her do -n.' " So up we tu:sled, my very bones ach- I' ing with pain, and bird bless you. my t der lad-y, wwhat d r e 'Epoae we s' whe'n ? we reactcd i-r? "Not a tid, but little, tlive bay. and it a seeking the'goat, and its aeaZrldttle mouth all wet witlh the mil.d " a the L-d: Stratsp ed covered her face, co vuiLsi-e obs L' ha.oinh ther fromid head ton foo.n u found 1" the old woman wpent on; " I takes up the use tc the chili one of t-h-se days, says the o, l mn . io nt that day, as I wa tell- b in' re, we brouoht the child houme, and do d youl k:,w my o!d ,man he takes the milch oa.t r;-ight ito my b-'k room, and there hlie Ikeosher, only turnintg her cut to graze oncein awhilec, and tie baby he sucked h that citii for six round monthls, and I never see a child thrive as he did. it "Mr oldm:n usced toird book-lame- . Swhen he urms young," she went on, glanrc- a Sing admiringly at the old shcipherd on the \- siuny door-step. "e and he says he's rend of a rboy as a wolf suckled, and he was called lomules-suo nothing would do burt P Sthe haby be named after him. So Romulus ; is his n:ame." SShe paused an instant, her lips quiver- b lug. ' "We've no children of our own,;" she Swent on, at last, her voice shaking. "We 1 had a h'r once, as promising a lid asever lived, but he went to- sea, and wans lost fifteen years ago. And we con't tell, lay .o .. . lady, how we took to this child ! 'Heaven s has sent him,' the old man said, 'to cheer us in our old age.' We've done the beat e we could for him, and it's like tearingout L our hearts to give him up, but, hearing d your store, I'm convinced that hoe's your tr child, and Heaven sent ye to find him." d The old man drew the wondering boy to I his arms, and resting his old forehead on his h flaxen head, sobbed like a child. Lady Strathspey was deeply moved; "p fI dear, good friends," she said. "don't grieve now, I'm not going to take the child from you. I shall want you to keep him for me, a long time, perhaps, until I can get proofs, and all that, to establish him in his right place. You hare never heard aught in \- regard to him, or found out how he came to the mountain, I suppose " e "Never a word, my lady," replicd the old e man, brighteningyp attheprospectoe keep ing the child. \- e y lady," whispered Judith, at this junc tcre, "here comes Lord Strathspey." The countess arose in consternation. "It is my husband," she exclaimed, "but I do not wish him to know about the child a yet. liease take him away." d The old woman caught uo the boy, and fashed into the adjoining room, closing the d door after her. " Take this," cried Lady Strathspey, draw Lag a purse from her pocket, and forcing it into the old man's hand; "1 will come again soon. Be good to my boy, and may Heaven bless you." She -eached the wicket just in time to meet the earl He looked at her flushed cheeks and swollen eyes in .am:c?ment. "IMa'-uerite," he said, as he drew her arm through his. "I was so impatient I came to g seek you. For Heaven's sake, tell me what sl this means ? What do you know of these . people? What ai's youn " "' Trust me, dearest Angus," she sobbed, Sclining to his arm; "you shall know all soon \- -only trust me." And the earl conducted her back to the waiting carriages, with the awful suspici.n growing stronger and stronger in his mind that Doctor Renfrew was right, and his wife was indeed in danger of in. sagits. 1 Lord Strathspey rode backto his lodgings, besides the bewitching Lady Cecilia, in 1 moody silence. All the spirit an- zest of the morning had left him, and the fair sieen I put forth her charms and sorceries in vain; he scarcely noticed her, and.forgot to reply to her when she spoke. She drove her spur into her horse's flank, and set her white teeth together in rage at Iherown ill-success. Sy Ladly Cecilia was very vain, and nothing so exasperated her as to have her charms t unde-ie.d. But she was likewise veryreso Slute, and she concluded to let the moody carl ride on in silence and bide her time. For as=sure as the afternoon sunlight lay warm and bright upon the green valleys of the Tyrol, should that self-same moody cur= -this man who had dared, years before, to trfle with her-be brought down at her very feet and made to expiate his folly in sack cloth and ashes. lHad Lady Cecilia forgot ten ? Had the memory of those old days at Cavcndish Manor faded from her ?-those fresh, Itpefcl days, when she saw a coro net glimmering above her regal brows and a life of lore and triumph outstretching be e fore her i DJ women like her erer forget a wrong or a disappointmcnt? 3My lay set her white r teeth and .arched r graceful neck, r.nd her t bluc-bick eyes glittered with a baleful, " ihosp':orecent light, as she galloped alcng bv the earl's side. CHAPTER XIII. e IT WHCII THE PIERn FAILS. But the earl w.s all unconscioss,absorbed s in his own bitter reflections. Strathspey, earl that was, as -e"'hare said, was a trIe Ssuperstitious, and in addition, a little in e.cla to be jealous and over-exacting. And t gthought thea l . p 7d-tc er a?s } serge of insanity, Ihe still felt angered and injured because ?the had--even in his wander ings, as he b-'ieved--d.ired to hare a en-oct whi.h she kept from him. He resoired to get at the bottom of the ws,'!c matter; and as soon as he h1:a seen I-.dy Cecilia and his family safely quartered in their lodgings, he strode out of the house, and remounting his weary Arab, gallop,?l .raight eCros -the Tyrol valleys to the shet;crd's cot:ge. Tet old wife saw him coming before he rucheid the wicket, and, being a woman *osswsted of sharp wits, she dieined the object of his visit; and, catchirg up little RIomulus, who sat beneath the great oak in the aflernoon sunlight, she whisked him off to the cattle-shed, where her husband was, .an? was back again in the cottane :!,or byi th.e times the earl had dis. mounted. l1e strode through the wicket and across thc yard haughty and stern. "iMy gootd won-," Ihe began, without salutation or preface, "1 have come here to ask you a question, and I want a straight. fceward atorucvr." "My lord, my poor tongue is at your grace s service," simpered the old wom-n, 'ithi a deep courtesy, checkline all the while, in her sleeve, at the irate peer. "y ec countess, my wife,was here to-day," continued Lord Strathspey, waring aside the seat c!hc'bfred him, "andI want to knows what she came for." " For a drink of new milk, your honor, rcs onicdthe woman,-glibly. • Silencer" thundered the earl, growing: b:ack with passion. "I want no prerarica ti n. Tell me ns lht my- wife wants of you, and you of her." "Why, bless my soul, your grace," re- i plied the old woman, her gray eyes all of a i twinkle, "I only know she- is the Countess ( of St:thspey, and wife to your Icrdship, 'cause the maid told me the same. and .skcd me for the drink of fresh milk, her ladyship I being faint-that's all." "'Ti, false," continued the -nory.noble- I man,"' and you knowit. Didn'Lthe countEs come oue to me, all flashed anldtear-sktainedd. Tell me what excited her so; I've a right to know. Tell me, or--ill makera The old woman fairly chuckled in his Lace. "My lord," she said, " be ye the king on his throne, my tongue's my oRn,:lud noone, I whether peer or peasant, can make it wag. Wi'hy don't ye asa your wife 7" The carl wans we!lnigh choking with passion, for, like all his race before htim, he i had a hot, unreasonable tempEr. If it hrad been a man, he would have struck him I down with the butt of his whip; being a woman, he strode ohay and left her. But at the wicket a second thought struck him, I and he turned back. - "My good woman," he said, taking a heavy purse from his pocket as he spoke, " I have sirong reasons for finding out what it is that troub!cs my wife. rm afraid her mind is impaired-- take this, and tell me what brought her hre." \- Thedld woman cyed the yellow gold with another checkle. "I've nothing to tell your grace," she re plied; "and if I had, your gold wouldn't make my tongue wag no sooner than -your hard words." " Curse you," muttered the earl, 'nder his breath, and, striding hack to the wicket, he vaulted into his saddle; and was on the point of galloping oilff, whedi'a little figure, in a sarlet smock and plrmred cap, shot up right before his horse's feet. The earl drew in his fiery steed and called out savogely: - "let from under my horse's feet, will you 1P" "lIommie not nncer be feats," rep,lied the little fellow, lookig up fcrlcssly at the ine horse and its wrattful rider. Something in the finely cot face, and "'eat se.n-blu eyeS., and profuse flam h curls made the nobleman's heart thrill. He gazed down, for -an i.zstant, into the child's face, like one bewildered. " Great lfeaven,' he muttered, " what a likeness. 'Tis Lady Pearl's'face over again. Little man, who are you 7" "I'm luommic. I lives wid erandmuddcr;' answered the boy, fearlessly., "AhI Well, you're a fine lad for a pea sant's son--get out of my way." Anod away went tho baflled peer. like the wind. p-adcrin:mo,.dily:ae is e pondc.el, with the boy's Lace rsirror?cdin hismcmutry, a horrible idea Iloahed thfoudgh his mind, piercing his heart like a poisoned blade, and amecst making him reel in his saddle. It did not .occur to the Countess of Strathipey that'she had forgottea to ask the pasoant woman if there woas a birt-h mark on the boy's arm, until after she had snugly settled in her chamber for the night; and then her regret and impatienee knew no bounds. She would bare stolen forth, and made her way to the cottage'-throgh the darkncss of the night, but for Judith, whoimplored, anei antmo:t compeled her to forego the visit till 'te morrow. Iut when the morrow came, what was the poor woman's ccrnternation to hear that the earl had taken a sadden r3eolve to go up to Strenoak Grange, in Cambeliand, for the 'hooling seamso, and had made his preparations to set ot ut once. It was all in vain that she begged him to defer the journey a day or too, on account of her feebleness; he watched her with a suspicious look in his moo:y eyes, and replied coldly that he would start at once ; if she were able to go rambling over the fields to shepherd's hbts,'she could certainly bear the journey to Screnoak8s and he was sure the Cumberland air would do her tool.. The poor ceunteos was almost frantic. and watched in rain for soma chance to steal out and make her way to the cottage, but the carl's eye followed fir every movement, and in halr an hour.the carriages were at the door. * "Never mind, my lady," whispered Judith, as she assisted at her toilet, "when we get to Stiveoahks you can send me down or manage it s-.nt way--don't betray your. self now ; my lord is already angry and sus picious." And with a pang of unntterable pain, the countess saw that Judith's words were true; the face of the husband she loved a thoun sand times better than her own life, was full of'anger and grief; the eyes that hitherto had ever regarded her with looks of tenderest love, now watched her with covert and saspicioos glances. (To no coSxr\Ern.) 