AVI-IY CLARKE RUSSELL ABAN- i BONED THE SEA. J (xi:w YOHK WOULD.) Iii 0110 very small particular indeed I may claim to resemble the poet Wordsworth: I inn not 0110 who much or oft delights To no;i.sun my friends with personal talk hut havin'; been asked to contribute “some thin'; of a slim, autobiographical character,” it has occurred to mo to convert the proposal into an opportunity, that I may bo enabled to answer a question which has been very often put to mu since the iirst of my ocean stories, |4 The Wreck of the Grosvonor, found a public in America, Why did I give up the sea V “How did it happen, Mr. Clark Hassell, that you should have abandoned a vocation which you uro never weary of writing about 'i There is not a page in your novels hut expresses you as an ardent admirer of thu deep in every phaso of its variable mind. You create some fairy fabric of ship or yacht, and 4 love it to vitality.’ Whntnuulu you give up the sea, then —you who arc assuredly abreast of most nau tical men in appreciation of the many asm re luctance to admit the sombre characteristic of a calling that has hoisted your tight little island to the world’s masthead V” This is the gist of a fair proportion of the letters 1 lmvo received from a great number of correspondents in all parts of America since I made my Iirst nautical scrape. The recurrence of the question lias positively grown teasing. 1 grasp, therefore, with avidity the ehnneo now ottered mo to extinguish for ever, I hope, an almost stereotyped interrogatory : Why did I give up the sea ? I might answer this in a single sentence : Because l was sick of it. What fruit do the idealisms of the schoolboy hear when the little creature swaggers with a badge upon liis cap and a belt around his waist and brass buttons upon his jacket ‘i I have plucked and oaten of that growth, and I protest there is nothing in the romance and poetry of tho ocean to rentier endurable to what I must term tho memory of m3'pain to the sickening flavour of tho pork, the odious steam of tho poa-soup, tho insufferable smell of warm soup and boulhupon which I was regaled for over eight yeurs of 1113* young life. But to proceed nrtis(icall.y. It was in the last ship I over served aboard of as a sailor. Her name was tho Biinenii Dunbar. SI10 was a well-known Australian trade and passenger craft named after her owner, a huge, fat, self made purple-face Scotchman with a turtle-soup accent, it you know what that means, and some two millions sterling to his earnings. She was commanded by a type or skipper now very nearly extinct, a figure formed ot oval shanks and up ami down arms, and carrot-slmped fingers curled like fish-hooks. In tho centre of his crimson face shone a fiery pimple of a nose, on cither side of which was n small rheumatic, deep-sunk 03m. Hia one headgear, in storm or shine, blow high, blow low. was a tall silk lmt, a tolerably good one for Sunday and a shockingly bad one —rusty as though still reflecting tho angry blush of a stormy sunset—for week days and nights. I was this little old man's third mate—no very distinctive position to fill, though it was not without its minute and vexatious duties and responsibilities. Ho did not love me—ho once caught, me mimicking him: I was imitating his walk and hearing, and looking up at tho break of tho poop, I mot his oyo. There was not much of it, indeed, to meet, but what little there was shone with resentment like tho glowing end of a A ROW WITH THE CAPTAIN. He durst not challenge m3' meaning, for I was acting before a number of passengers, and an explanation must have proved more em barrassing to him than to me ; but he was afterwards always on tho look-out to punish by humiliating me. As an example, an order was given to reef topsails. I sprang into the rigging for the weather maintopsail earing, but before I was up to tho futtoek shrouds tho old man was again roaring: “ Como dowu, Mr. Kusseli, come down, sir ! You’re too young, sir! You hain’t got beef enough in 3*0 for such work! Lay dowu, sir, before you’re overboard!” There, were many lady passen gers on deck at tho time, and 1 continued my climb, heedless of his yells, hot as lire with wrath and shame from m3' toes to tho topmost curl on 1113’ head. Well, now, tho Dunlmr Dunbar, homeward bound from Sydiu^v, was approaching tho longi tude of the Horn, We were very far north; the old man had got some half- muddled notion of the G rout Circle sailing under his chimin-pot hat, and we were as high as fifty-nine or sixty degrees, running one afternoon before a gale of wind from tho westward, u sea as tall as our miz/.outop following ns till, it* you stood aft and watched the slope of the ship’s long Hying body when tho huge foaming knoll took her fair under her roarin'; counter, ’twns like looking down a steep hill, with tho curve of tho bow flat as a spoon in tho livid hollow and the well steered bowsprit ami jibbooms a horizontal lino, t)ur canvas was n narrow band of close-ruofod maintopsail and it toretoiuuast staysail. Though about 2 o’clock in the afternoon watch, the month being M«3’, it was moroasort of visible flying dust than da\,light all about us, often homy with such snow squalls ns you must enter those parallels to meet with tho like of; so that again and again, to an observer standing aft, tho fihip seemed cut in two, all forward of tho mainmast hidden in the boiling smother of Hakes and the two fellows grinding at the wheel dim as dreams, as 3*011 looked at them from tho break of tho poop. * It was at this break of the poop that I was standing with the chief mate; tho skipper was aft holding on by thu vang that steadied the mizzcugatV; tho hands were under coven There were two men forward on thu lookout for ice, hut they only showed at intervals when the snow thinned and let the topgallant forecastle gleam out eiystal white. Thu roaring of the wind was like thunder about our mastheads, but the spued of the ship, that was probably twelve knots an hour, took a portion ot the weight out of it, and it was possible to converse. The mate was a ' Scotchman, the most agreeable person X was i ever associated with at sea ; a sailor of intclli- \ genec and of great experience, who was good i enough to haul his wind for me in proportion < as 1113' bow-legged friend aft made sail t’other way. < AN ICKHliWf HEAD AHEAD. 1 This gentleman and I were chatting vetyami- ( ubly together as we overhung (he brass rail, 1 when suddenly ho stiffened himself up like a 1 marlin-spiko and fell a smiling violently us ■ though to the sudden rising of some evil odour. “I smell ice !M_ said lie. I sniffed again, lint . could taste nothing hut snow. “ There’s ieo in the neignbourhood !” cried lie, still smiling, and { was about to hail the forecastle, when there ’ arose a loud and fearful cry from that quarter \ of the ship, “Ice right ahead, sir!” 44 lee j right ahead!” shrieked tho mate, wheeling J round to the captain. “1 see it, sir, 1 see it!” howled thu skipper, 44 hard up, hard 1 up! ” Tho spokes llashed iu the hands 1 of the two seamen like tho driving wheel of a 1 locomotive, and the whole ship, rising to the ! height of a huge .Pacific surge, paid off with the 1 nimbleness of something sentient in terror of its * life; whilst at tho instant right over the star- ? hoard cathead there lea j it out of the ! whirling, whitened gloom an Alpine height 4 of ice/ a prodigious berg with its summits * obscured, leaving it to. seem thousands of j feet high to the imagination. Tho sea broke in J hills of foam against, its weather side ; the re- i Yurhomticni of tho gale m chasm, ravine, and [ gorge came to the ear with the uproar of a * hundred broadsides through the pouring winds 1 that produced the amazing sounds; it showed ’ green, glittering, ghastly, then vanished abcatu ( amid the rattling of the main topsail and the < shock of tho blown of bumps of llouting ice 1 rushing along our bends. * 1 “,/rr ntjhi it heart, .sir /” was again 3*clled from 1 the forccastlo; and right over our jib-boom 1 loomed out such another island ns we hud l narrowly missed. Fortunately the show just thou ceased, tho , horizon cleared to tho distance of a mile, and we were presently hove to, making noble weather of it; but when I went below at eight holla I found myself unusually reductive, nil sorts of prejudices and thoughts which had been hangiimlooso about mo hardening into a resolution wtiich held mo so mood3r that I forgot to swear when at supper, a gluttonous midship man told iuo that nil the pork was eaten, and when I discovered, in consequence of the galley tiro buing washed out, there was nothing bettor to. make a meat of than soft honeycombed ship’s bread end a pannikin of cold water. Al EDIT ATI NG ON HIS SAILOR I.Il'E. I meditated a good deal that night in my hunk and on deck. It was a part of the world to render faiie3' acute ; horrible enough below in a hole clamorous to distraction with the giant groaning of the labouring ship, inlinituly melancholy with thu dusky tutting that hovered upon tho atmosphere from tho smoking and nauseous-smelling flume of a him])wick fed 1>y slush, and inexpressibly uncomfortable with the drainings of water through tho scuttles into the hunks and tho wash of black brino to and fro, to ami fro, upon the cabin door; but hideously in iso ruble on duck which you went to frcfilf from such warmth us you would got out of your blankets, and where 3*011 found the blackness full of thunder and frost urn) sleet und spow, >vith the waiift and gmigwpy every now and again echoing, like a volcanic explosion, to tho smiting of a green sea of Xiaguru-Kko propor tion, plumping lmmpiahly out of our ineffectual leap to leeward j on to t|je dccl? with tljg weight of a great building coming down nil at once and with a run. Why am I here? thought I. What is this sort of Hfo going to do for mo V Ilnd wo struck the iceberg this afternoon wo should havo been telescoped into about an eighth part of our length, as 3*01! close the tubes of a spyglass, and gone down like a deep-sea loud with ne’er a fragment of anything to survive us as it hint of our end, so that what had become of pis would, at home, have remained to eternity n matter of idle conjecture. Why mu I here ? thought I. IIow much am I earning? Heaven bless mo! two pounds a month only! How much ims this training cost my father ? Above two hundred guineas in premiums, not to speak of outfits, mess money, and the liko, which I durst not attempt to assess. For what ling do i toil? Thus I meditated to the accompaniment of that Capo Horn gale. Well, the weather moderated next da}* at dawn ; the ship was got before itj tho reefed foresail sot, a couple of reefs shaken out of tho main topsail, and away drove the noble old fabric, surging through tho swollen knolls of yeast with the headlong hurry of a creature inad in her yearnings for the sun. The docks were to bo washed down, Tho poop was my particular cure: for ns third mato it was my business to receive tho water handed in buckets from a little pump before or abaft the mixzcn mast—1 forget which—and rush it along, calling upon the middies to scrub handsomely whilst I saw that every portion of the deck was thoroughly cleansed. Wo curried hen coops on cither side tho poop; under tho hon-coops were battens designed to prevent tho dirt of the coops from sifting out on to the clean plunks when tho ship was on a wind or when she rolled. In washing down, these battens were always removed to enable tho water to sweep freely under the coops. The captain was on deck, as usual, pacing to wind ward in a pair of galoehes and his high hut, which seemed to cling to his head with tho tenacity of a sou’-wester. Tho poop ..being washed down, I fell half frozen, and in a very ugly temper, to roplacing tho battens, but one was missing. I looked about for it, but it was nowhere to bo seen. My captain was as penurious u rogue as ever saved money out of nautical cheese-paring: the loss, therefore, of an old piece of wood would necessarily affect him as a very considerable blow. kef using to no duty. “ Where's tho batten, Sir. Kussell r” ho “ I don’t know, sir,” “ Don’t, know ! But }*oit mmt know !” I10 shouted with his face liko a north-west moon in the German Ocean. “ Where is it, “ I am afraid it is overboard,”'said I. “ By U—!” he bellowed, “ if it is overboard, you go after it!” 1 ran my eyes from his galoehes to his fiery pimple of u nose. “ .Find it, sir ! find it!” he screamed, bring ing his 1‘eet with a squelching blow of tho gnlochc down on the deck. I walked forward, ami after partaking of a cup of coffee with the boatswain in his berth, I returned to the poop refreshed, warm and re solved. I walked right up to the skipper, “ Now, Mr. X-,” suul I, not condescend ing to term him captain, to which title no ship master has right, “ l’ve,hnd enough of sea faring, and as I propose to abandon the life when I reach the Thames, I think I may as well coil up and stop^short just here.** “Go below, sir !** lid roared. “You’ve treated mo very rudely,” I con tinued, astonished by my own determina tion, “and have shown yourself utterly incapable of distinguishing between persons. Your master has had a very great deal of motley out of my lather, ns you know, and if there were more to he obtained I don’t question that you would have used me very much more civilly. Sir, I’m sick of the sea, sick of this ship, and sick of //«//;” and so saying I walked off tho poop, leaving tho old chap speechless with I often wonder I did not cause his death, lie had heart disease, and dropped (lead at liis door soon after the arrival of tho ship in tho Half an hour after, tho steward came to the midshipman’s berth and told mo tho captain wanted me. I went aft to his cabin, whore 1 found him sitting at tho table. I sou his white hair now, contrasting with his purplo face, and remember his old mackintosh swinging against tho bulkhead with his hat on top of it, looking exactly like him, ns though indeed he had hanged himself. Tho ofiicial log-book was be fore Him. “ You refuse duty?” “Most emphatically,” said I. On that ho “ logged” mo, and then I went about my business. I was supposed to be on broad and water for tho rest of tho time, but I managed pretty well on tho cabin leavings, through tipping the stew ard. AH the way homo I never (lid a harder stroke of work than cutting up sticks of Caven dish tobacco and smoking them. In fact, as I have said, I was sick of the life; but since then, thanks probably to a coarse of spring mattresses, good roast beef, dry clothes, rest o’ nights, and total freedom from the obligation of scrubbing planks and tarring rigging, I havo discovered that tho ocean is not wholly without romance. Let tho ghost of my old skipper, however, consider itself avenged, for I believe I owe the rheumatism that lias ufllioled me now most conscientiously for the last four years wholly to a trick of sitting too Into on tho cookiug-Jiatch of a night, smoking and yarning with a»yonc I could detain _ through sheer loathing of the cabin below, in which I was supposed to be imprisoned. Clahic Kussiii.L, 