Tiser farebrother. Br B. L. FAIMUON. UIIAFTER NVUI. MltS. i'AMPWSTX UEVNliOrS, A .SUDDKN A PP KIM' ION VOli.-lUUEHU. ; i-Unclo Loth's - day-drcain -was not realised — but then his day-drcanis never woro. When ; ho nnd his family; travelling third-class, roachod tho'stabion fiirn'Skdos, tliero was 110 JMisor FarcfSithor to receive thorn with open arms and a carriage. - Pluobo was thoro, and that was quite as good—nlmost ilioro than thoy expected. Sho wns iv favorilo with the atation-mastor and ticket- takers, who always admittod her to tho plat form, whothor tho gatos woro olosod or- not; and tho Lothbridgos, looking out of . the window, saw lior waving lior' handkorehiof to tliom, and running along the platform, tlio moment- thoy woro 'in sight?. - Then thoro -was' such a kissing and hugging ds inado tho hoarls of tho unenvious -onos glad to witnoss, and tho mouths of tho envious ones to wator, wishing thoy had a froo tickot to'pavlicipato in an ontortainmont so dolightful. " It is good oE you to como and moot us," said Fanny. "I was wondering all tho way whotlior you would." "I did not know - whothor I should bo able," said Plicobe, in a flutter of ox- citomont; " but Mrs; Piunflott had boon very kind. I hardly 'liked to aslt her to help 1110 with tho tod ; but sho camo and offoroil ot hor own accord, aiul said, porliaps I would liko to go and moot my friends. So horo I am." . Mr. Lcthbridgo ojionod his oars upon mention of Mrs. Panifletb, and ho was glad to hear so good an account oE-hor. : Aii act of thoughtf illness and good nature from her was a guarantee for hor son, who had discounted his aceoplanco for throo hundred pounds for the dramatic author and Kiss. They had all brought modest birthday presents for Phccbn, which thoy handed to- lior at once, with flowers and kisses, and tho best of affoetionato wishes, Rob was in the sovonth hoavon in eon- scqucnco nf boing allowed a sharo in tho kissiiig businoss; "I did not havo time to writo to you last night," whisporod Fanny to Pluebo. " Ho has como homo, and has tea with us. Ho is looking so well ! brown,1 and handsomer than over. What a perfectly lovely day 1" 'Thoy walked to Parksidos, expressing pleasure at everything — at tho weather, at. tho seoncry, at tho pretty village, a-t (ho children, lit the cottages, at the church — all of which, it scorned to tho littlo party, hiul put 011 a holiday garb iu honor of Pluobo. 'The flowers wore brighter, tho sunlight clearer, tho birds sang moro sweetly, ns thoy walked and talked, each of the' Lothbridgos claiming a share in Phtobo'a Boeiety, and each obtainJjgjf it. Now with Bob, now with. Fiijfitiow witli Aunt Loth, now with Une7H?sfio ran from 0110 to another, chatting gaily, and bursting out into snatches of song. It. was her day, hor very own— a day of sunshine without and witliiu. Mrs. Pamflctt's amiability needs a word of explanation. Tho conversation she had had with hor son Jeremiah had opened her eyes as to his intentions ; and both ;to ploaso him and to win Phoobo'8 favor she had offered to assist tho young girl. But for Jeremiah's sako she would not have dreamt of snch a thing. Sho had lain awake half tho night thinking of the conversation, and she. had cotno to the conclusion that it would be a fine match for Jeremiah. Much ns she had disliked Phoebe, she admired lior son for liis ambition. Miser Farobrotbor's " acliiug of bones" was growing worso every week, every day ; . suffering ns lie did, it- would soon bo impossible for him to Fgivo any- personal attention to bis business in London. No one understood it, .110 one could attend to it, but Jeremiah. What, then, wns moro feasible than .Toromiah's scheme of becoming Miser Farobrotbor's son-in-law? "To think," she mused in the night, " that it never entered my mind! But Jeremiah's gob a bond 011 him. Ho will bo a millionaire, and I shall bo a huly !" The idea of a ropulse— tlint Pluebo would not think Joremiab good enough for hor— never occured to Mrs. Piunflott ; if it had, she would havo rejected it with scorn. What! hor son, hor bright boy — band- some, shrewd, and clover — not good onoucli for tho best lady in tlio land ! A littlo chit liko Pluebo might consider horsolf lucky that such a man as Jere miah should oondoseend to lior. " I can't, for tho lifo of me, soo," sho mused, "why Jeremiah should bo so taken with lior ; but there's 110 account ing for a man's fancies. And then he said ho wasn't particular. Ah ! Jere miah knows what bo's about." All her hopes, all her desires, all her ambition, being centred in her bright hoy, she determined to assist him by every means in her power. Sho commenced the noxt morning, on this happy birthday, and, to PhaiboV surprise, wished hor a happy birthday arid many returns of them, and offered to rolicvo tlio young girl of all responsibility iu tho preparing of tho lea for her friends. Pluobo mot hor ntlvancos gladly. On such a day no suspicion of sinister motives could occur to a nature so swnot. so num. so in- nocent ; aiul when Mrs. Pain Holt asked her to accopt a brooch, sho received it with a pleasant feeling of gratitude. " It- is an ohl brooch," Mrs. Pamflett said, " a memento ; and although it is 110,1 vory valuable, it comes from my lioart." Thoro was a certain literal truth in Ibis, because the hroocli was 0110 which Mrs. P:un licit was in tho habit of wearing ; it might not havo boon considered a very suitable gift, for a young girl liko Pluobo, as it contained a loc-IVf somo dcad-and gone person's hair, arranged ns a feather or a curl over a tombstone. Onco upon a time it doubtless bad a meaning, and might havo, brought a light of joy or sorrow to special human eyes ; but the memories which sanctified it being deader than tho deadest ghost that suporstition could conjure up, it certainly could not ' bo considorcd a suitablo.gift for Phoebe, v | Its fatal .moaning for hor , lay iu tho : future. . \ , ., 'j , ' j',..,,: . Wlion Mrs. , , Pamflett said to Phcobo that pqrljaps shqAyouid jiko to gq-and, jnoot . hpr, frionds at thq- railway station,, sho, thought, it ilikoly,, that .Torpraiahi wouid bo.in tho train. ,j Ho had.not.tqld jior by-; which . train ho was, poming,. and. hoy dosh'p >yas to glvo. hiny an opportunity , pf walking homo .with Phqibo. , Bho .did riot betray- horsolf .whqii. sho saw Phmbo. i'oturn: in, thq company i;of tho, Lcth- bf|dgqs , and; , without , , Jeremiah. 1 1 , Slip posapssqj, ,a..,gjft invaluablo jtoy sly,< fcocrofiyp naturosr— thq j gift : of, absolute. Bolf-repressiop.; , - Phmbp: : .introduced. Mrs. . Pnuiflott to lior jfrionds.1,.. Auni jLetK; .was. ajrpaily. , acquainted ,with.lier,i iind . ivas . astonished ' at tho' graciqusuess anil, amiability, of the houso- kcopor, lior. proviqus experience . of hor linying be, on quite the royprse. Hnolo Loth nqd<;lp,d pud . said, " How, d'.yo ,dq.?" bu.t Fanny- ivas Irathor , stiffTTr" uppish,!' .rasj , Mrs.. Pninflqtt subsequently told hor son. i:=:r I " Ilea, will not., bo, ready, for half an, jiour qr:,8o," said: l)Irs. Painflui;(;,:asidq,, to, Phcobo. "I. liavo. sot it upstairs in, your favorite room." ., : .it-iii.;? ! . ".Os".,.yraa ( Phoobo's. ' .dolightod ;, ro-, joindqr,,4' how kind ofjyou 1 ," I, -want you to lovo ,111b," said Mrs.; Pauiflctt: , , "If you find that;, .my' pnljr. wish is to ploaso )rou, perhaps you : Will." ... , .... . : "Indeed ,1 .will," said Plnoho ; iand| thought, , " Perhaps my father will lovo. 1110 too." . ..f . ,. ,. . ... i bilio,. askqd tlio Lothbridgos to- wait a,; inomont . or . two, . and sho wont to hor i father's, room., , : 1 Auiit. and undo arc hero, and, my; cousins.". . ,. ... , .' " What .has thai; to do, with mo-P'Mioi asked. . i iMay thoy como up and ,soo, you,' father?"-. . ..... ' "No," ho, replied ; "I, can't,,:-bo- bothorcd., , Thoy wish to;soo 1110 as littlo as T. wish to, soo tliein." , While this; last question .was being asked and answered, Mrs. . Pamflott- entored tho room. . , ; "I think you should soo thorn, sir,"-, sho said. . , ; ...... . , , , " Why ?" ho asked. " As -a mark of jioliteness,". said Mrs. Pamflett. " Mr. Lotilibridge arid- jrour: nephew aiul nioco -havo novor ,- boon hero . bolero, and tlicy think it rudo of you." : " Do 1 oiu'o if thoy, do ?!' ho snarled. . " It is piot that,"- she answored, calmly, " it is Miss Phcobo's birthday." I .. "Mrs. .Pamflett is vory kind," said Pluobo, nervously, "but if you don't; wish, fatlior — " - , "I wish to do what is right"' ho said, voiy coolly, as was his habit when ho was opposed. "Wo all know that;", said .Mrs. - Pamflett, in a voice as composed as diis own. ,,1'You always do. what is right, klr, and Mrs. Loth bridge and thoir. children are going to havo tea with Miss Pluobe in honor of hor birthday, and I havo been getting it rcauy, and am going to wait on thcni. You ought to- join' thqin. . I havo seta chair for you at tlio hcadof the table." ... . . m: - -.. \- "Oh, father, if j'ou would!" implored Phooho, clasping.her hand. is . : ' " You wish it.?" lie nskod of lior, 'but not reinoving his cyos from Mrs. Pam- flett's ifaco. . r ": Yes, father. If you would only bo so. good!" . : : V- ! : " And //on. wish it ?" he asked of Mrs.' Pamflett..' ; " For Miss Phrobo's sako I do,'- re plied Mrs. Pamflott, without so lmicli'ns winking an eyolid. " Not for your own ?" " 1 have told you what I think." "Lot it bo so," said Misor Fare- brother. " Phoobo, I will tako tea with you and your friends." - \- "Oh, papa!" In her gratitude the affectionate girl — only too ready to give lovo for love — throw her arms round hor father's ricck and kissed him. ; "There! there 1" ho said, pushing her, away., ; " go down to your frionds. You; can. stop, Airs. Pamflott." Pluobo ran down-stairs to convey tho good news to the ; Lothbridgos, and Airs. Pamflott and tlio misor wore loft together. "Now, Airs. Pamflott,,' ho said abruptly, " what is all this about ?" ; :. " I do not .understand vou," was her 1,cPlV' " ",You understand 1110, thoroughly," ho said. . " I can't soo through a millstone, but I can soo through you." , . " Then why do you ask 1110 to oxplaiu anything?" sho retorted. " You have livod hero sixtoon years,'-. I10 said, and you think you know 1110 as well as I am sure 1 know you. Bconuso I havo novor interfered with you, because .1 havo allowed you to do as you like— " >3ho interrupted him bore. " Havo I ever wasted a penny of your money ?" " To my knowledge, 110. If you had you would havo heard of it." - ' " Yos, that is very certain. Evory- furthing spoilt in this houso lias been accounted for in tho book which you look over every; wcok. You would find it hard to got anybody in my plaeo." "Oh, that is it!" You threaten to leave mo !" " You aro not only mistakon, you know you aro stating an untruth. Yes, mil-iiiil-li " 'plio wmvlu /i nil (til liliuiuuu. uwiuioju ill- dignation, but it was not oxprossod in lior voice or maiinor. " Is that a proper way to spoalc to 1110?" be cried. "I pass 110 opinion," was hor unim- passioned reply. " If you aro tired of mo, or if I do not ploaso yon, you can soiul me away." ,. " You would go ?" "I should bo bound to go. What clso could 1 do? If I refused, you could call in tho police." " You aro bent upon oxasporating 1110, I seo. You know I could not do with- outyou." " T. know it. ' " A nil (bat is wliy you aro impudont to mo." " Arou havo novor found 1110 so." " Bcoauso I am bound to you hand and foot, because you know my ways, , Jinying grown into.,, thorn, bqcauso I depend ftpon vou arid trust you, bocaiiBo I am iyo,:ik;.and ill;and>do)ondont, you think you can twist mo about as you liko. You- 'shall find tliat yoit iirb mis takon. R. .-t I !-. Vb ' j " Do you wish 1110 to loavo -Parksidos ro-night ? I will .'-go nlul 1 got ready." j Ho, glared at hor, Well,- whyidon't you go ?"- ... i " Tj» am - waiting ; for - orders. '.Givo thorn, and I will- .oboy '! yori-?-as, I havo . oboyod -. you, in everything plsO." ..... j " You havo 110 nioro wish to lonvo 1110, " lio said, laughing scornfully, " than il ' havo tliat you should. You could 110 moro do > without mo -than I -could no- without-you." P > "Thoro may lio tvhqlancc," .qho said, "and' it"majr ho to iriy credit. You soem ..to.; bp nugryibocauso I hayo ,mado an oridoavour to ploaso )'our daughter." " Hiivo- >':you: i'ovor-:i6ndoavourcd to ploaso hor boforo, to-day ?" ho asked slyly. " ' i " llaye.i.iyou,'";, shor, , retorted,: " over takou tho trouble to ascortain ?" I Ho paused awhile' before ho spoko. " Having ..bequ, impyisqnqd up lioro, out of sight of ' things,1 witli 'lio oyos for anything boyond this room, you may think I haven't known what is going on in my .house. 1' -You aTomifctakon-'— cgro- jgiously mistakon— lis, niistivkon a,s,yotir son Joroiriiah, .who'pbrhaps lias iui idea that I do not know when I am absont jwhat-.is going on in my ollico in London." . .. "Do you wisii him . to loavo as jjvrill as .1110 ?'!; .said , Airs;. ,'Pamilott. , /. Tho con spicuous land amazing- feature - of, -lior ;spcoch 'was tliiit Ahp''' iniidol thrisq.pro- jpositions as though thoy did not 'in' tho Isliglitost 'dogroo "iiffoct 1 lior, " or" any: iporson iiv, whom;; sho ;was- dutorostod. "With his talont for.business, ho will not havo tlio loast dillloulty in obtaining a position; .qf trust olsowhoro." , - : . - " I havo unmasked you," saii AIisor .Farbbi-o'.hor ; ." you have a dosign.' Out with it." : " I lmve 110 design," said Mrs. Pani-. jflott, , 'f oxcopl; your interests ; and if -it happens tliat - your " -interests and ours — " :' , And ours 1" ho oripd. ! And ours," sho ropoatoil. " II: it happens that our interests are identical, it should ruthor ploaso than anger you. ;You say that you aro bound hand and foot to- 1110. That is a complimont, and |I am obliged lo you ; but supposing it to bo truo; Lam as much hound hand and foot to you, and so is my son Joromiah. It may: bo in your power to ! so .chain- him to you that ho would hocoino an absolute slavo to )'our interests." ."Interests again !" ho exclaimed, im patiently.; " Always interests — nothing but interests." . | ;-j"Well,!.r,.'said-' A:Irs. Pamflott; " what do wo livo for? . What do m>u live for?" ; (This -yvaW a bomb thrust indeed, and jAIisor ; Farobrothcr accepted it in good part. Despite tlio outward aspect of this singular conversation, it was not pntircly disagreeable to him. Ho ap preciated the services of Airs. Pamflott and Her. son ; he know that ho could lXoLa-oplaco - tliein ; ho had -not left it to- the prcsont hour to reckon up thoir monetary: value. - . . - " To como back to Pluobo," lie said " .what is .all . this about ? . No boating ribout tholiusli-rrplaiu spoaking."- . ' ' " I lovo, lioi-," said Airs. Pamflott, " as a daughter.','. , : " And .Joromiah is your only, son ?" : ; " Aty. . only. son. 'llhQu .bcst, tho brightest, thq clovcreskman in England ! And; devoted; to you, body aud soul." \- I am, infinitely obliged to you,.': said Miser . Farebrotlior, with a malicious grin ; . , " I will, think abbut it." - . . ' . CHAPTER NIN. , A liKAU't-irUr, 111 ItTll DAY. . .. ; Aliser Farobrothcr ;did not keep his promiso of- taking tea witli Fhceho'aiid her frionds — ho lind matter moro serious to occupy him — hut to somo oxtont ho made atorioment .for it. Ho' sont'- for Phooho, and told lior that ho did not feel i equal to tho oxcitehi6nt,but that, h of ore' tho evening was over, I10 would welcomo Mr.- - n'nd Airs. Lcthbridgo ' arid hor 1 cousins to ParksidSs. This, to Plicobo,' was -almost as good. as tho kco)ing of -his! promise ; lio spoko 'in a feoblo voico, as- though ho was ill, and his unoxpcctbd kiridnoss "and consideration tbuchod lior. Sho put her hand tiiiiidly upon liis shoulder, : moved thorcto by swe'et ipity for his condition, and ho did not ropulse hor ; sho was even hold enough to lowor licr faco to his aiul' kiss him moro thaii oiico, and ho horo it oon- tontodly. A now fooling stirred hor lioart, new hopes woro born within hor. Tliat1 -this unexpected change' in hor father's bearing towards Ivor shoiild tako plaeo on hor birthday, was a happy omen, arid sho was deeply gratoful for it. From this timo forth hor homo life would bring licr joy instead of sorrow. Slio wont from hor fathor's room with a light stop, ready to burst forth into song'.,;:.. ' (; . , _ _ i ; Tlvo fcphlo, voicb in which. Afis.or Farobrothcr had spoken to Phooho was assuiricd : his woakness was assumed ; all tlio timo sho was with him ho was watcliiiig hor keenly rind warily. Ho had nqycr thought of hor but as a child ; tno ltioa ni. 1101 luiirj-jiiig iiiui novcr ontercd1 his hoacl'; "but now that it was presented to him lio seized upon it and turned it about to tho light. Tlio only frionds liis daughter had woro tlio Lclh- bridges.' Thoy had a son, who doubtlesss would ho only too ready to snap at such a bait as Phcobo. For lior salco? — hociuiso ho loved hor? — not' at all. Bocaiiso1 hor father was supposed to bo 'rich ;|bccanso of tho mony ho woiild ealcu lato iifjoii getting with hor. And there after thoro would cyor and otornally lio but 0110 cry — nionoy, inonoy, inonoy ! All thoir arts, all thoir endeavors, thoir only object, would ho to blood his money-bags bare. " No, 110, ATr. Lcth bridgo," thought Alisor Farobrothor, " not a penny shall over pass from my poclcot to yours." But tho danger might" not present itself through tho Lothbridgos. Pluobo might fall iu lovo with a spendthrift or a cunning vogub.' That would bo as bad— worso, perhaps. Despite ...his aversion ,tp. tho, Lothbridgos, his. o.xppriqncq, of tliein hail taugi.it him that thoy woro proud, , and that, in tho qvont : of .Rhonbo,. , marrying linto. i thoir family thoro would -bo a chanco of-a-o,-' spile for him aftor a timo, a chanco that thoy would mako. up thoir iniiids to pubmit to poverty,' iinu troublo him 110 liioro.- -AVitli a spendthrift it would bo different, i , Thoro; would bp no poaco for him ; tho, 'appeals for -inonoy would bo incossant,; lio, would" ho lorn to pipcos. with worry. Thou camo tho cunning irogiio on to tho scono, in thoshapo which ,was nidqt'lpbjoctioniiblo, to Aliser, jFaro- hrothor, 111 that ..of a scheming lawyer. jThorp was - moro to fcar from that than from any othor, aspoct of tho subject. Misor Ifarobfothbr,'- know, tlioipowor of jtho law whon he iuyokcd.it on his side — .which ho novor ctiil without' boing prepared: 1- with stamped .deeds and witnessed , signatures—but ho, know alqp jtho: power or the law if, in bortaiii icasos whicji , lio could brill to mind', it1 wpvqjiii-' yoked against him. Plaintiff and dofondant wore difforont . things, had' different chances. Ho himsolf riovor: jprosccutod ; without - woighing, tho riiinutost chanco, without, boing absolu- jtoly cortnin that he was - standing 011 :surb"lbgat' ground. Ho hricl .submitted jto losses ratllor than ran a' risk; Thoro ;Was ono instanoo in which a disreputablo, ;out:at-clbows,. .dissipated , lawyer . hail ;do(lod him to. his. tooth— had, unhlush- Ingly dofraiided ' liiin "'by , tbroatcning joxposuro. Aliser Farobfotbor, '.knowing -tliat cortain trausactious in which ho was principal would not boar the light, had submitted to bo robbed rather than jbo dragged- into the witness-box aud 'cross-examined. .Such enquirios often |Oommoncc tiunoly, but thoro is no saying 'where thoy loud to ; a man's smallest ijpocciidilloos aro : shainolossly dragged forth, liis vory soul is turned insido out. Thpq thoro aro judges who, tho moment a, monoy-lcnding caso comos boforo? ithom, sot- to work' on tho debtor's siilo jto "defraud ' tho creditor. Alisor Faro- Lrothor, thorcforo, was wiso in his generation, in tho tactics ho pursued. -Somo low- inindcd scheming limb of tho ilnw might pay' 'court to Lhccbc, with bill; 0110 Olid in view.: Tho- thought of it sont a shiver through his liorvos. .:- I "His- rbllections woro not agrooablo, but lio . bad a largo amount of cbivimon- soiiso, and li'o . know thoy might bo sorviooablo. Ho was not displeased jwith Airs. Pamflott for suggesting tliom. Sho was a useful woman ; trulir as ho liad'said, ho would not havo known what to do without her. Sho had made tho: samo admission 011 her side ; that Svas honest, of hor. Thoro woro con ditions of lifo which a sonsiblo man jn list; accept and mako tho host of, and his was 0110. Not boing alilo to purchase II now -sot of bones and nerves, I10 felt that to a groat extent lio wns at tlio mercy of Mrs. Pamflett and Jeremiah. As difficult to roplaco tho loss of Jere miah in his London office as to roplaco tho loss of Airs, Pamflott in his houso at Parksidos- It was a wretched stato of things, but it must bo borne, and; as much .profit as 'possible inado out of it. ."Phcobo had only herself to blame,"' ho thought, with monstrous mental distor tion. " IE sho had boon a boy instead of a girl, it would all have boon 'dilforont." : Thoro was 110 mistakiug-tlio meaning of Mrs. Pamllott's references to'her son. AYoll, Phcobo might do worse : and if, .as Airs. Pamflott had said, I10 could so bind Joromiah to him as to mako him nn absolute slavo to his interests, such a marriage might ho altogether tlio host thing that could happen. It would bo an additional protection to Alisor Fare- brother's monoy-hags. " I will -hincl him tight," thought tho miser — " tight ! picvor lad, Jeremiah ; hut I shall ho a match for liim." 1 Not a thought of his daughter's happiness ; she would have to do as ho ordered. Thus, in the soerccy of Misor Farobrotbor's room, tho wob was form ing in which Rhoabo was to bo entangled and her happiness wrecked. : Outside this room everything was bright. Phoobo bad told Aunt and Undo Loth - of lior fathor's goodness, and they, simplo-mindod and guileless ns horsolf, rejoiced with lior. "Upon my word," said Undo Loth, "it almost uiakcs my dream truo." Phmbo moved about, singing, smiling, laughing to hor solf now and then, and scattering flowers cvf glacluoss all around lior. "I never saw our dear Phcobo. so bright," said Aunt Loth. Our visit to Park sidos is a most beautiful surpriso, quito difforont from what I expected." It 'was not tlio only Biirpriso ; thoro was anotlior, oven moro subtly sweet to' Phmbo. This was . tho appearance of Fred Cornwall, who, finding 110 boll at the gato by which I10 could announeo liis arrival, walked boldly through, aud suddenly presented himself. They woro all outsido tho house, awaiting Airs. Pamllott's summons to tea. "Why," oxclaimod tho arch-con spirator Fanny, calling astonishment into her features, "if thoro isn't Air. Cornwall coming up tlio walk !. Who would havo thought it ? and how ovor did ho find us out ?" Phmbo turned towards tlio young riiiin, blushing, and witli a palpitatipg- lioart. I liann vaii will lini'dnn flin Ulinvf.v T liayo taken," said I10 ; " but as it is. your -bii'tlulay l thought I might venture." " How did you know ?" asked Phmbo, hor hand in his. : ". A littlo bird told mo," was his reply. " How do you do, Aunt Loth ? How do you do, Aliss Fanny?" Ho exchanged pleasant words ' of. greeting with his frionds, and looked ycry handsome, and by 110 moans ill at case, though an uninvited guest. Well dressed,, woll ' mannered, a gontleman evory inch of liiin. Tola Continued.) 