NEWS OF THE DAY. AN Unrounded Rumour.—In Saturday's S. M. Herald is an extract from the Church Times, intimating that his Lord- ship the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale would shortly resign his See, on the grounds of ill health and inability to cope with the difficult work in the diocese. As is very often the case with the Home papers, they have paid too much credence to vague rumours, and we are in a position to emphatically contradict the unfounded statement made by the Church Times. Hillgrove Freehold G. M. Company. —At a meeting of the above Company at Tattersall's Hotel on the 5th inst., Mr. J. F. M'Kinlay was voted to the Chair. The treasurer, Mr. J. A. An till, reported that all the eleven contributing syndicate shares had been paid for, leaving a total amount of £2750 to the credit of the Com pany's account at the City Bank. The meeting then adjourned jto the following night, when the following members were present: Messrs. J. F. Kinlay (Chair), A. CroBsman, J. A Antill, P. Daly, W. Miller, S. A. Harper, J. A. M'Donald, and T. Wright. After the Chairman had briefly stated the objects;of the meeting, Mr. Antill stated there would be no ne cessity to ballot for subsequent applica tions, and he had paid the purchase money over to Mr. Hargrave, leaving a balance of £l?415s. to the credit of the Company. After the minutes of the last meeting had been read and confirmed, Mr. Antill pro4 posed—" That this syndicate form their j property into a no-liability Company of 100,000 shares of £1 each, paid up to 17s. Gd. per share ; and that out of these 100,000 shares, 25,000 be held in reserve, for application bp the public, at 5s. per share, the proceeds of the sale of the said 25,000 shareB to be devoted to paying back the proprietors their original outlay of £250 each, and the balance to be used in the development of the mine, and the erection of machineiy as may be necessary; but that no money be paid to the original shareholders until after the sum of £3500 bad been received for the sale of shares." Mr. William Miller se conded this, and it was carried unani mously. Mr. Antill proposed—" That j the following gentlemen be appointed di rectors : Messrs. J. F. M'Kinlay, W. Miller, J. A. M'Donald, A. Cross man, P. Wade, S. Harper, and P. Daly." Seconded by Mr. Wright and carried unanimously, Mr. Harper proposed—"That Mr. J. A. M'Donald be appointed solicitor to the Company." Seconded by Mr. Wright, and carried unanimously. Mr. J. A. M'Douald proposed — " That the City j Bank be the bankers of the Company." Seconded by Mr. Crossman, and carried unanimously. Mr. Antill proposed— "That the directors be recommended to put two men on the ground under j the supervision of Mr. P. Daly, to sink a shaft, - and raise five tons of stone for crushing at Mort's Dock." Seconded by Mr. Harper, and carried. The meeting then adjourned after a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Inclement Weather.—Last week was marked by very inclement weather. Thurs day and Friday were dayB not at all plea sant to those exposed to a keen westerly wind with heavy showers of rain. At about 11 o'clock on Thursday night both wind and rain increased in violence, and there were belated individuals, many of whom were forced to brave the fury of the storm, while others were compelled to remain under the welcome shelter of friends' houses till the power of the elements was somewhat spent. Altogether, it was "a nasty night to swim in," and will not be easily forgotten by thoBe wbom duty 1 compelled to wade through streets covered with sheets of water, and brave the full force of the wind and rain. Heavy Roads.—We understand that some of the roads in the country are in a ; terribly heavy state from the effects of the late rains, and a gentleman lately returned to town reports that from Glen Innes to Inverell the coach simply ploughs through black and red soil bogs. "Rivers, dams, and creeks appear, now to have a good supply of water, and a few fine days would be acceptable. Rich Stone.—Mr. T. Stuart, watch maker, has shown us some very rich quartz taken from the Butcher's Reef, Kookabookra Mines. The quartz is of a ! discoloured variety, showing regular layers in which the gold appears very freely. Evidently, Butcher's Reef would appear to a very rich find, if we may judge by the stone shown us. ' A New Departure.—Messrs. J. Bliss and Son have tried the experiment of | sending carcases of New England bullocks to the Sydney market, with the result that j they were speedily bought up at satis factoiy prices. This is a new departure, and we are pleased to learn that the spirit of enterprise exhibited by this well known firm has met with deserved suc cess, while a market for New England beef is at once opened. Forged Notes.—At the police court yesterday, a young man named Oliver, was charged with uttering a forged one pound Commercial Bank note. Over forty one pound notes, similar to the one in court, were found upon the prisoner. These notes are photographed, but the impres sions are faint, and the bordering and de sign appear slightly blurred, while the paper does not feel like a real bank note. However, though perhaps suspicious enough to attract attention in the day time, at night, in the hurry of business, they might pass undetected. It is as well for the public to be upon their guard, just now, in receiving notes of any de scription. The Columbia Rink.—Great headway is being made with the new Skating Rink, in Beardy Street. The walls are completed and the roofing nearly so, and yesterday the flooring was commenced. It is ex pected that all will be in readinesB for the opening night which is eagerly looked for ward to. Railway Rates.—The Railway Com missioners have arranged for a reduced scale of rates for goods traffic, which will come into operation in the New England i district very shortly. The new rates will apply to all stations north of Onyra up to the Queensland border. The freight for sugar, rice, corrugated iron, fencing wire, in quantities of six tons, is to be as fol lows :—From Newcastle, £21 per truck ; from Sydney, £24. For goods, first, se cond, third, and fourth class, in truck loads of six tons, £27 per truck from Newcastle, and £30 per truck from Syd ney; goods, first and second class, in quantities of a ton, from Newcastle £5 5s., from Sydney £0 per ton ; third and fourth class from Newcastle £6, from Sydney £7. For greasy wool the rate to New castle will be £2 17s. Gd per ton, to Syd ney £3 15s. Lode tin ore will in future be charged for at miscellaneous rates. Fitzgerald's Palace Circus.—This circuB opened in Armidale on Friday night, but, owing to the inclemency of i the weather, the attendance was not en couraging. On Saturday afternoon' and Saturday night, better houses greeted the ! company, and some really clever and dar- 1 ing performances were loudly applauded. The company will' probably return to Ar midale and give a farewell performance on Wednesday next. Whit Scndat in the R. C. Cathedral. — In the R. C. Cathedral the Rev. Father I Hilary -Mara, of the order of Passionists, | whose monastery is stationed at Marrick ville, near Sydney, preached a very elo quent sermon on the Holy Ghost at the 11 o'clock Mass. In the evening an im pressive sermon was preached by the Rev. Father Dowling. The Rev. Father Hil ary has been giving special services to the nuns at the Convent, and leaves this week for Glen Innes to perform the same duties for the Sisters of St. Joseph. On St. Peter and Paul's Day, June 29, he will conduct a mission in Inverell. Rainfall.—The following rainfall has occurred since our last issue: Armidale, 105 points ; Grafton, 27 ; West Maitland, 55 ; Singleton, 69 ; Tam worth, 18 ; Mub wellbrook, 78; Walcha, 79 ; Millie, 24; Moree, 27; Warialda, 50; Bingera, 72; Bourke, 56 ; Brewarrina, 48 ; Coonamble, 135 ; Hay, 13; Wagga Wagga, 12; Al bury, 29; Wilcannia, 30; Condobolin, 25 ; Mudgee, 87; Orange, 108; Bathurat, 30\. It was cloudy and threatening rain at several stations yesterday. 