ME. GLADSTONE ON O'CONNELL AND IEELAND. The new number of the Nineteenth Century con tains an article by Mr. Gladstone, based on the two volumes of the ' Correspondence of Daniel O'Connell, the Liberator,' edited by Mr. W. J. Fitzpatrick and published by Mr. Murray ; and lately noticed in this journal. Mr. Gladstone's article occupies the last twenty pages of the January number of the magazine, and is written, Mr, Gladstone telJs us, ?'' with something of a sense of spcoial duty, and likewise with peculiar satisfaction' as a ' small effort at historical jus tice.' O'Connoll, as he truly says, has come to be nothing but a name to the majority of people in Great Britain — a name, it is true, with some ves ture of awo and suspicion hanging round it like a ghost; a name with some lingering capacity to make us feel uncomfortable ; yeu in the main a name only, like Chatham or like Stratford. Yet, forty or fifty years ago, he was not a name, but a power. 'He had in 1828-9 en countered the victor of the Peninsula and of Waterloo on the battle-ground cf the higher politics,' and had not only defeated him, but got from his own lips the confession of defeat Alone he did it. ' By the force of his own personality he led Ireland to St. Stephen's a3 much as Moses led the children of Israel to Mount Sinai.' O'Connell was a singularly affectionate man. His domestic relations, Mr. Gladstone says, ' were broadly distinguished from those of other men by the vehement and ever-flowing tide of emotion that coursed through them ? His whole married life' (as shown in his letters to his wife), 'from its commencement in 1802 to its close in 1836, was one continued course, not of ardent affection only, but of courtship.' The sort of life O'Connell lived, full of exact ing business and overwhelming cares, has never before been understood. Mr. Gladstone declares that upon no Sovereign, upon no Imperial Chan cellor, were the anxieties of empire ever more fully charged than O'Connell was laden with the thought of Ireland, and with the supreme direc tion of its concerns. He was all along the mis sionary of an idea. That idea was the restoration, of the public life of his country, which he be lieved, and too truly beiieved, to have been not only enfeebled but exhausted by the Act of Union. It lay in his heart's core from the dawn of bis opening manhood ; from the commencement of his full political career it became the mainspring of his acts, his words, hi3 movements ; the absolute mistress of his time, of his purse, and of whatever additions his credit could make to his pecuniary resources. He loved his country ' with all his heart, and with all his mind, and with all his soul, and with all hia strength.' Yet he stood almost alone. Helpers were few. ' There was hardly a man in Ireland available in the highest matters for lightening his solicitudes by sharing them.' Yoii he closed his ear to ao case of wrong, and was ready in the service of every good cause; — ' He was an Irishman, but he was also a cos mopolite. I remember personally how, in the first session of my Parliamentary life, he poured out his wit, his pathos, and his earnestness in the cause of negro emancipation. Having adopted the political creed of Liberalism, he waB aa thorough an English Liberal as if he had had no Ireland to think of. He had energies to spare for LawEeform (i. 167), for postal reform (a question of which he probably wa3 one of few to discern at the time the greatness), for secret voting, for Corn Law repeal, in short for whatever tended, within the political sphere, to advance human happiness and freedom. It hardly need be said that he wa3 opposed, in 1829, to the disfranchise rneut of the forty-shilling freeholders. He was not deluded by the plausible arguments for this measure, which seriously marred the grant of emancipation, and consequently restricted for half a century the legitimate extension of the fran chise in Ireland.' Here is a personal reminiscence — it is of one of Mr. Gladstone's occasional Parliamentary con tacts with the Liberator : ' Once, in a speech on Irish affairs, I had, in perfect good faith, but in a blind acceptance of prevailing traditions, noticed some observation that had been made in debate on Protestant and English cruellies in Ireland, and said that I did not see what practical good was to be gained by dwelling either on these outrages, or on the bloody and terrible retributions which they had provoked. O'Connell interrupted me bo loudly and vehemently that he was called to order for ifc by the Speaker (Abercromby), who rose in hi3 chair (I think) for the purpose. I assured him with truth that I had no intention to n fer to anything except what was on all hands ad mitted. I little knew then what good reason he had to resent tho use of any language which appeared to place upon a footing approaching to equality the hideous rna-saor-es perpetrated on the Irish under supreme direction, and the feeble, limited, and sporadic acts of retaliation which were the wild cries of nature outraged beyond endur ance, and which were, in the most conspicuous instances, prohibited and denounced by the national leaders from 16-11 to 1798.' In 1838 Mr. Gladstone published his volume on the relations of Church and State, which, as hi!» gays, 'was thought to savour of ? his opinions of the Oxford school.' He adds : 'At the beginuing of the ensuing session. I chanced to f -ill in with O'Connell behind tbe Speaker's chai^. He laid his hand on my arm. and said, 'I claim thi half of you.' At all times he was most kindly and genial to one who had no claim to his notice, and whose prejudices were all against him. He had, however, without doubt, more religion than theology, and was in truth thoroughly, consistently, and affectionately devout.' As an orator, Mr. Gladstone thinks it would not be easy to name a man who has attained equal emi nence at the bar, on tho platform, and in the Senate. In Parliament nobody would have rele gated him to the second class, though it might be difficult to find his exact place in the first. He was greatest in speaking on the spur of the moment, and least great in detailed exposition. As an advocate, it may at least be asked whether the century has produced his superior. Speaking only of the dead, Follett, had. he lived, might have been a formidable rival, and Scarlett never missed his mark with a jury ; while Brougham, greatly his superior in Parliamentary eloquence, fell far below him in this respect. As an orator of the platform O'Connell may challenge all the world; for who ever so trained and disciplined, stirred and soothed a people ? Mr. Gladstone is convinced that O'Connell ought to be regarded as an excellent statesman. He was a man who desired to maintain peace, property, and law. The criteria of statesmanship are, firBt, the capa city to embrace broad principles and to hold them fast, and, secondly, the faculty of distinguishing between means and er.ds, and treating the first in strict subordination to the last. To both these criteria O'Connell's life fully answers. ' He never for a moment changed his end ; he never hesitated to change his meins.' His end was the restoration of nublic: life in Ireland. He sub ordinated everything, even toleration for his co religionists, to the political independence of Ireland under the British Crown; but Mr. Gladstone thinks that his noble declaration, that he would accept penal laws rather thau give up the connection with England, would be the best epitaph that could be put upon his tomb. An to O'Connell's all-round greatness, Mr. Glad stone says that while Edmund Burke was his superior as a thinker, O'Connell stood pre eminent among all Irishmen as a man of thought and action. The article concludes with an ac count of O'Connell's pecuniary troubles (brought on him by ' the ravenous demands, at that date, of Parliamentary life, the heavy charges of elec tions aud petitions,' and by the fact that 'on him seems to have lain the burden of meeting the pecuniary engagements of many seats and per sons besides his own or those of his family'), and with some personal criticism. On the whole it 13 a remarkable estimate ofjthe greatest Irishman of! the century by the greatest Englishman of hi3 time. 