VICTORIAN SPORTING NOTES. IB? Tbcmpatob.1 Melbourne, Ootober 21. The oold wintry weather of Saturday might have been expeeted to interfere with the attendance at the Canlfield Cup, but on the oontrary the crowd was bigger than ever. All three Stand* were orammed, and on the flat the people were paoked like sardine*, flow those who made the journey by rail got home this year I don't know, as mindful of previous experiences I made other arrange ments for the return journey. Although it rained pretty continuously during Wed nesday, Thursday, and Friday, the sandy soil at Canlfield takeB a deal of water before it beoomes unsuitable for raoing purposes, and although " heavy and holding," the going was not had. The all conquering Kirkham stable began operations by annexing the Maiden Plate with Sequel, who beat her ten opponent* as if they had been so many hacks. The fling have such a mortal dread of the Hon. James White that they made baokers lay 5 to 4 on Sequel, and to lost very little on the race. Tinlander ran in this race. He it a very fine oolt, but it will be a long time before he is well enough { to show his best form. Utter was at onoe made an even money chance for the Nursery Handicap. There were fifteen runners, and but for theeonfidenoe reposed in thatsplendid looking filly Clare and Magio Circle, it would have been another oaee of odds on the blue and-white representative. Otter is a small mean-looking filly; but she was trained to the hour, and to was Magio Circle. Glare looked as well as anything np to the distance, where she began to tire, and the finish was left to Clare and Utter, the former winning oleverly. The superior condition of the firBt and seoond gave them a great advantage in the tiring going. Cheddar was quietly fanoied, one Adelaide man getting £1,500 to £100 about faim (it was not the owner), but he waa out classed. Wbimberel, by St. AlbanB from Curlew, who ran fourth, Is cot unlikely to develop into a racehorse, and Clare is a great, fine filly. Vasoosa was made a 6-to-4 ohanoe for the Selling Race, and she got home all right, but Mr. S. Miller protested on the ground of boring. Most people thought the objection frivolous, but it was sustained. Walker certainly kept pretty close to Crown Jewel in the straight, but I failed to see the slightest interference, and oannot helpthink ing that Mr. Whitby is to be sympathized with in losing a stake whioh his mare fairly won on her merits. The Cup came next, and the only with drawals were Chioago and Err anL The former waa taken out for Don Giovan, who proved a sorry substitute, and if those who like myself fancied that Chioago was the best of Mr. Clifford's lot were wrong, then the brown must be altogetheront of form. The Don had a large following, and it inoluded some good judges of raoing, but he was one of the first beaten. The last maiket move in connection with Moorebank sent him back to 7 to 1. The public would not have him. They did not like his surround ings, and as I explained last week he owed bis position as favourite to the quantity of money whioh a oertain young plnnger booked him for, and be waa no more a genuine favourite than was Coletonn when the young Bobert son's money kept him at 5 to 1 for a Caul field Cnp a few years ago. I am told not to underrate Moorebank, who is said to be a good horse. He may be, and I am quite prepared to believe that his running on Saturday waa all wrong, Perhaps Mr. Ben Bolt Kelly means to win one of the V.B.C. handf cape with him. Meteor, another of the heavily backed mysteries, did ran well, and had be straggled very likely he would have won. Many blame Campbell for comixes too soon, bat Hales and Power oame with him, and they certainly did better by these tootles than O'Brien did by waiting no lone with the nnlnpky Bravo. Coming round the home torn Meteor looked all over a winner, bat he ehatnp liken pricked bleadder at the dis tance, and did not even earn a place. Great surprise was expressed at lialea and Power making so much nse of two non-atayers like Pakeha and The Charmer; but I suppose they tbonght it better to keep a good place and have the beet of the ground than to wait and take other bones' tracks for it. Charmer failed in the Uet fnrlong, jaat aa I expected she would, and Bamage, bringing Boz with a perfectly timed ran, justmanaged to last to the winning-poet. With the exception of Bravo, the leaders were all very done at the finieh, , and In another hundred yards the Ballarat horse would have won, nineteen people out of twenty think Bravo nhonld have been successful, and I have heard of no explana tion of what kept him In the rear ao long. I suppose there must have bsen a reason, although O'Brien lay off nearly m far when he won with Ben Bolt in 1886, Possibly he tbonght he oonld give hia opponents the necessary start in the run home, and then win with one of those "brilliant rushes" for which he has been eo moot lauded, but although Bravo aeemed to be going two strides to everything else's one at the finish he oonld not quite get np, and Boz soored a great viotory for the Bing. Crippe and hia friends win a fair stake over the race, and some of the Sublio backed the winner for email earns; ut sinoe the heavy betting began Boz has been friendless, and the raoe is the best one 1 the Bing has had for a long time, the place | betters especially having a good throw in ae Charmer was out of favour all laBt week. Moorebank'a backer felt very bad after the raoe, and showed Bigna of fainting. A good many other supporters of this brown must also have experienoed a nasty unpleasant sensation when they saw him finieh behind everything but the disabled Chaldean. Let us hope they will be a Moorebank when he does win. Or the horBSBwhiohranin the CaulfieldCup 1 the following are in the Melbourne Cap Manton, 9 at. 1 lb ; Bravo, 8 at. 7 lb.; Lons dale, 8 et. 5 lb.; Wycombe, 8 at. 3 lb.; Pakeha, 8 st. 1 lb.; Chaldean, 7 st. 13 lb.; Silverton, 7 it. 8 lb.; Sine cure, 7 et. 5 lb; Moorebank, 7 et. 2 lb.; I Dnnkeld, 7 et.; Menotti, 6 eb 13 lb.; and GaBburner, 6 at. 13 lb, The first horee generally baeked for the Melbourne Cup was Silverton. According to Saturday's form he baa no show with Bravo, but all the same he | ran jpretty well, and it is not safe to trnet im pUoitly to publio form. Boz ran last for the Canlfield Stakes and first for the Canlfield Cup, while Bravo lost Dun held on Saturday after the pair had run a dead heat the pre vious week. Silverton just ran reepeotably on Saturday when unbacked, and although I think Bravo will beat bins and everything else that ran In the Caulfieid Gup, it may be as well so watoh the market for the tip m to the value of Silverton'e last running. Manton wsb never In the hunt on Saturday, and he is supposed to be held safely. Antsene te a colt some of the Sydney people deolnre will beat Singapore; but Maaton'a running i* no recommendation, Lonsdale looka beautiful. By thla 1 don't mean to say he is perfeotly trained; on the contrary, he is very big, bat yonng Wilson may have him ripe by Cup day, and he did not ran badly on Saturday, Wyoomhe, Sine cure, and Pakeha may all be pnt on one eide. and it eeema that Dnnkeld is only a miler. I am not going to oommlt myself with regard to Moorebank ; hut 1 will risk the opinion that Menotti and Gaabnrner have no chance, and Chaldean will be on the shelf for a time. Bravo, Lone dale, and Silverton aeem the only Canlfield Cup competitors with a show of winning at Flemiogton, and of the three I strongly inoline to Bravo, aa I think he ought to have won comfortably on Satur day. The Steeplechase fell to the old strawberry horse CurioBity, who fluked the raoe through oame falling. 1 say fluked, because I fancy there were one or two othere in the raor. , which conld have beaten Cariosity if their | riders had known Game wan going to fall at the'laBt fence, The fact is. poor old Game looked such a moral that the other horses | seemed to have no ohanoe, and when the oer t&inty; fell they were too far away to oatoh Curiosity in the ran home. Bony ran the worst raoe I have seen her run for many a long day. What was the matter, I wonder ! When Game fell the poor old fellow broke his ahoulder, and aa a matter of course he was shot, I snppose he was about the last of the Panic's racing. Mr. Martin Longhlin bought him at Warrnambool in 1879, and he mnet have been fully fifteen years old at the time of hia death.. He was a good horse ever hurdles or fences, and a respectable performer on the flat into the bargain. Game's old pilot, Tommy Corrigan, had to look at some one elBe riding hk favonrite on Saturday. The little Irishman oame to grief at the aod wall, and his horse Moondyne was killed. The rain seema to be over at last, and we may see some good work et Flemington next; week; hot, with the Derby looking enoh a | certainty tor .Dreadnought, touting will not be the interesting work it waa in Bnoh years 1 aa Darebin'e, Nordenfeldt's.orthe Australian Peer's. The general impression is that Singapore will not ran for the Derby, and ae the betting la 3 to 1 on Dreadnought, the raoe for the Blue Riband ie practically a dead letter. The_ only hope the fielders appear I to have is Richelieu, who looks good enough, bat Green Isle's form at Caulfieid k not en couraging. A criokettng authority here telle me the chief difficulty about the next Australian Eleven k in regard to the leave required by Turner and Ferris. Thk gentleman agreed with me that George Giffen would be foolish to go nome unless a really representative eleven can be got together. Ramage, who has not been riding lately, was only engaged for Boz on Friday after noon. _ Halea was anxious to get off 'Pakeha and ride the brown, bnt he was held to hk engagement, and so Bamage fell iu for the lnokymonnt. Many wondered why Bamage was not on The Charmer, but it seema hk oonneotlon with Mr. Cooit'e stable was severed some time ago. The tracks have dried considerably slooe Saturday, and moat of the ETenington nags brushed along thia morning jaat to open their pipes for some genuine work to-morrow. There are not many good horses at head quarters jnst now, and if Carbine k to remain at Canlfield the only oraok wa shall have left will be Payten's choice string. Dreadnought and Rudolph went together thk morning, the Derby favonrite laying down to hk work like a tradesman when the pair were let ont for a flutter home. The oneenut ie a ball of muscle, but he has not the size, length, and style of Singapore, who k a very line colt indeed. Be ww»t tilth Aberejipt )Fbf big ohesnut is in great heart, and if the ground ia not too hard, X fancy be will lower the colonic of Carbine in the Melbourne Stakes. Blchelien moved very abort when he started with Jbsdy Superior, bat he soon threw it off, and finished well. Correze spurted three furlongs, and went like a steam-engine. I can quite imagine his being a real hammer, ana he is a strongly built compaot oolt that should raoe on ana carry weight Melos and Arsenal both look well, lioy&lstone; is a fine looking colt Melville seems to have gone wrong, as he is doing no work, Melbourne, Ootober23, Fine weather has set in at last, and I expect we shall soon have Carbine, Man ton, AnUens, and Prinoe Consort at Fiemington to add to the interest in the morning work. All the horses athead-qnarters were hard at it yesterday, and some splendid work was gone through, but with the exoeption of Riohelien's gallop nothing occnrred to throw any fresh fight on the big events of the V.R.C. 1 thought the mile and a quarter done by Mr. O'Lougblin'a colt was one of the most meritorious I have ever seen at Fleming ton, and the oolt looks as well as his moBt ardent well - wisher conld desire. Sinoe he ran last autumn Riohelieu has grown and filled out very nicely. As he stands now he looks well up to Derby weights, and snch a game staying oolt is pretty aure to make some sort of fight with { Dreadnought, especially if the great three year-old event is run from end to end. As there was not muoh doing this morning I strolled down to the lower sheds, Most of the cracks work from here; Payten's horseB invariably bo. The first thing that strikes one with regard to the blue-aud-white team is their splendid condition. I don't suppose a fitter string of horseB has ever been under the oharge of one man at Fiem ington before, with the exoeption of Sinecure, who has had a very hard life this season. Every animal under Payten's oharge is full of muscle and as clean as a smelt. Old Aber corn goes with rare dasb, and yesterday I morning, after taking on first Sineonre and then Spice and running them to a stand still, he finished his once round in 2 miu. 31 sec., this notwithstanding that Hales steadied him qoite half a furlong from home. The fight between Aberoorn and Carbine in the Melbourne Stakes is not nnlibely to j prove the feature of the meeting. If the old chesnnt retains his present freshness I shall stand him to beat Carbine, and so obtain revenge for his defeat in the last Sydney I Cap. Singapore is a great lengthy plain oolt, and as lazv as they make tnem. He has to be driven along with the whip juBt as Nordenfeldt was, but I believe be is free enough with the colours up. Singapore is furnished like a five-year-old, and towers above Dreadnought and Rudolph. The Derby favourite is by no means a oommand ing-looking oolt—one of the low, thiok-set sort, His action when extended ia simply perfeot, and the muscles stand out ou him in great lumps. He must be possessed of mar vellous paoe, as Hales was distinctly niggling at Aberoorn to make him keep his plaoe alongside Dreadnought when the pair were together for five furlongs this morning. Those who know the son of Trafalgar say that with Singapore ont of the road the only possibility of his losing the Derby will be through nis inability to see the distanoe out, but as a rule the Sydney division look npon the raoe as a moral. All Raynor'a horses are in oapital buokle, and after seeing Melos gallop yesterday I am Btronger than ever in the belief that he will ran a real good horse in the Melbourne Cud, and win or lose. I feel sanguine that he will beat Carbine. Of the two-year-elds at Fiemington Correze is of oonrse the centre of attraction; but Payten has a beantiful filly in Prelude. She is a good deal after the style of her sire, Martini - Henry, and is a rare galloper. I am afraid none of onr youngsters are likely to trouble the Judge, the most formidable opponents to Correze and Prelude, as far ab I can gather, being the Admiral, Wilga, Hermitage, and Magio Circle, List night at the Rooms a dead set was made against Bravo, 100's to 5 being freely offered. Seeteg the undertakers so anxious to offer it against the handsome bay, I enquired the cause, and was informed by a leading penciUer that he is supposed to have Bpiit his hoof in the Caulfield Cup. Tradition is also in a bad way, if the market can be accepted as a reliable barometer, but as the big horse ran so well on a light preparation last year he may do so again. He seems to be a very delicate hone, and any attempt to drive him along results in his going off his feed. A good judge who saw Benzon work yesterday tells me that he seems to be getting Blower every gallop. Redfern has oertainly given him a tremen dous amount of galloping, and maybe the horse is getting stale on it. The latest Infor mation oonoeming Carbine is highly satisfac tory, and last night his admirers were pre pared to aooept anything better than 100 to 12 that he wins the Melbourne Cup, The thiee-year-old Antaeus 1b also doing well, and no notioe need be taken of his having finished last in a gallop with Carbine, Man ton, and Prinoe Consort yesterday morning. At Elsternwiok yesterday Bachelor sur prised even his owner by winning the Hurdle Raoe in a canter. At the weights the race was a good thing for the black, .but it seems he has not been doing muoh work lately, mid neither Mr. Haddrick nor his friends haa a shilling on him, Baohelor's viotory under the oironmstances was unfortunate for his party, as the horse has been exposed, and all his owner gets out of the win is a paltry £60 stake. Sir Lawrenoe ran in the October Handicap, bnt failed to stay home. Messrs. Hobble and Mallen thought Tommy IV. (late Jack Tar) good enough to win the J Trot, but he met a clinker in Luoretia, who broke np several times in the first half mile and then won easilv. This grey daughter of Contractor is a beautiful mare, and probably the fastest trotter in Australia | at the present time Bordeaux ran in the Steeplechase, but the cramped oonrse did not suit his long, striding notion, and he had not the ghost of a chance with old Curiosity, { who is a magnificent jumper and very well, just now. The Elsternwiok Park Handi cap was a beantiful raoe, eight or ten ; horseB being fairly bunohed at the home torn. Just here it looked im possible for Harbinger to win, but he came with a brilliant ruBb in the straight, and just shot Mr. Leek's good thing, Marlborough, in the last few strides. Harbinger ia the horse Mr. Relohan had in Adelaide last May. He was a great disappointment to the publio then, bnt ran as game as a pebble yesterday; and, as he started at such a nioe price, those con nected with him were able to win a fair etake, Acoldents on the Fiemington training ground are very rare considering the number of horseB working every morning, but yesterday a pair of John Hill's bad a narrow esoape, and to-day there was a bad smash, owing to Lady Doris when going foli speed coming into collision with a mare called Pateena, Fagg reeeired what looked like • terrible fall, but when he came to it wee found that hie injoriee did not amount to mora than a severe shaking, while the other boy was not hurt at alL Lady Doris limped away as though hurt in the shoulder, and I am afraid she will not be of muoh servioe to Mr. Pile for some time to oome. The post whieh nearly brought Adventurous and Cheddar to grief is to be removed to a safer plaoe. The weights for. the Moonee Valley Cup were published this morning, and I notioed that Mr, Vowles has again taken great oara of Apneas. From a hasty glance down the list I should take Don Glovan, Bothwell, Ginger, Trojan, and Briton to be the best handicapped, but the stake (£300) is not a large one nowadays, and the best of the horses haudioappeil may be reserved for better things. Mr. Gordon's filly De Novo has been most harshly used in the St. Albans Handioap, wherein she is actually oalled upon to give weight to Quality. The Richmond filly Clare loobe a pretty good thing on paper, but if Quality is in the hnmour to try she ie bound to run well. There has been a good deal of talk in sporting oiroles this week about the running of Moorebank in the Gaulfield Cup. The latest rumour is that Kelly, the trainer of the horse, intends to aak the V.A.T.G. or V.K.C. to investigate the matter, with a view to clearing his character from tbe asper sions whioh have been cast upon it in connec tion with the betting transactions oouceruine Moorebank and his subsequent display in - the race. The backer who loBt so much money over the oolt informed the baoks when he paid them on Monday that for the fntnre he will refrain from tbe practice of indulging in indiscriminate betting. Is is to hoped he will, aa plungers are only a nmsance to raoing. I dont think we snail hear muoh more of the Moorebank bueinees. Melbourne, Ootober 21. Melos was well baoked for the Melbourne Cup to-day, tena to one being taken. Pioneer was also Bnppoited, £5,000 being aeoured at ontside prioeB. A little money went on Knight of the Garter also, but the favourites remain at their last night's prices, there being little or nothing doing at the rooms this evening. Against Bravo 50 to 1 was offered, and Tradition wae not mentioned. The following are the otoeing prices For Marlbyrnoug Plate—2 ti 1 agst Correze (off.), 4 to 1 Prelude (off.), 6 to 1 Magio Circle (off.), 10 to 1 Whimberal and Admiral Hermitage (off). For Derby—2 to Ion Dreadnonght(wanted) For Cap—6 to 1 Singapore, 100 to 13 Carbine, 10 to 1 eaohMeloeand Antaeus, 12 to 1 Benson, 14 to 1 each Cardigan and Chicago, 20 to 1 Lonsdale and Pakeha, 33 to 1 Pioneer, and 50 to 1 Bravo and Tradition. Melbourne, Ootober 25,2 25 p.m. The only gallop of note this morning was done by binecnre and Singapore. They ran once ronnd the tan, the Cap favourite ap parently having no ohanoe with Sineoure. At the rooms just now 7 to 1 was offered Singa pore and 8 to I eaoh Carbine and Melos. Hundreds to 9 are offered Antaeus and Benzou, 14 to 1 Chicago and Cardigan, 15 to 1 Lonsdale, 20 to 1 Silverton. Six thousand to 100 and 80 has been taken about Knight of the Garter, and several thoneende have been booked about Chetwynd at 100 to 4. 