THE CENTENNIAL MAGAZINE. The number of the Couteunial for August, which ia the first of the new volume, is an ex cellent ouc, aud maintaius tbe progress which thi9 magazine has shown throughout its course. "The Modern Ghost," by V'. Basil Wors- fold, is a well-written and thoughtful article dealing with the results of the Investigations into stories of apparitions, i'C., by the Psychical Research Society und other kindred associations. " Voices of the Night," by Mrs. Alfred Broad, is au illustrated article devoted to night birds and their uotcs, a sub ject which is treated in a sympathetic spirit of observation of Nature. "A.C.," tho writer of tbe stirring verses on "America in Samoa," iu the last issue of the magazine, now contributes u short story, " Tho Unseen Foe." It is told with much feeling and power, but we fear that most readers will be pained by tbo cruel suddenness of the catastrophe by which tbe hopes and iuingimngs so forcibly described are abruptly cut short by a mere accident. This feeling if it is produced, as we believe it is, by tbe story suggests that art in conducting the evolution of human circnm- 3 unce a iu works of fictiou may proceed by the method of natural development or by that of destiuv, but canuot safely make tho determin ing element mere chance. Tba mind insists .on 60tne order in events, even if it be but the nrner of blind necessity, and shrinks from represent ing them as subject to reasonless accident. Under the title of "Utile Dulci " or ".Selec tions ftom a Freshwater Log," Mr. Alex. Oliver has a pleasant description of a trip to tho Hawkcsbury and up the Colo. Tho unic la is illustrated by sketches by Mr. Julian R. Ashtou. Thero is au address by Professor Laurie, delivered to Victorian artists on "Some of Browning's Ihoughts About Painting." " Nevermore" -is the title of a promising serial by " Rolf Boldre- wood. Mr. Jaa. IugHs, M.P., descants on Jadoo-Gari oqthe arts of the Hindoo magicians. Sir Thomas Cockburn-Campbell, of Western Australia, ably states tho caso for " Western Australia and Her Political Aspirations." Mr. G. li. Rartou discourses of "The Status of Literature in New South Wales," and Mr. Ernest Blackwell has a paper adorned with charming illustrations on "Model Suburbs,', with reference to tho proposed suburb of Ken sington, near Randwick. 