DEFINITIONS. Our readers were invited to furnish detinitions In verse or prose of the following words Madness, Man, Marriage, Meanness, Mirth, Music; the verses sot to exceed eight lines, and the prose definitions not to exceed forty words. The following are all that remain for publication :— Madness, I asked a doctor once for some sure test. Distinguishing mad people from the rest. He answered rather pointedly I thought, " The mad have lucid intervals, but you have none." Tags. Man. An unsolvable enigma, a chemical compound of red clay, gas, gum. gall, gristle, and crease made to fit like a glove upon a grim, ghastly, and gawky ghost.—Miss Anne throfist. A bull-headed, blustering, bouncing, bacchanalian stuffed with bunkum and beer.—Larbspue. lhe happy male, made good and strong, for whose sweet companionship woman was given.— B. S. S. Marriage. The process by which Punch and Judy were con verted into a pair of snuffers.—Goodness Nose. Meanness. Borrowing the Journal just to save a penny: Looking very vernal o'er its pages day by day, Muttering duraally " of news it has not any," Well knowing what you learn '11 more than cent, per cent soon pay. Investigator. Mirth. M erry.making at a feast, I a by some esteemed a folly ; B ather 1 should say ' at least T is quite harmless to be jolly," H ope you are the sune, dear Polly. Violet. In songs of joy much mirth was found The noise increased, the wine went round And merry were the hunting men; The stag was killed that drank its fill That morning at the purling rill, E'er mounted sportsmen scoured the glen. Now at his death they laugh and shout, For mirth prevails beyond a doubt. B. S. S. Mirth is a rare surcease of sober sadness, A light uplifting of the heart in gladness; A sudden drifting of care-clouds apart, A flood of sunshine into head and heart. Tags. Music. Ob 1 music! how great is thy charm. n ben weary and longing for rest There at least Is one pleasure that knows of no barm In t y tones, of all others the best. Vet ad are not moved by thy voice. Some are not by thy melody bleBt; Tbey know not thy charms, and they never rejoice At the strains by sweet music expressed. Schoolgirl. Sweet fongs of praise, of joy, and lore. That lift our hearts and minds abovs, Enchant, delight, and please the ear; The organ's grand, majestic sound, That fills the atmosphere around With tones harmonious and clear; Sweet, yontbfol voices, that delight Tfaat'cheer, and make each home so bright. B. 8. S. The frantic ejaculations of the would-be prima donna at a local concert.—Snowy. A barrel organ, an asthmatic hurdy-gurdy, and a wheezy bagpipe performing a trio in three different keys.—B Flat Minor. A duet by moonlight npon the tiles.—A Sice Muse. We now invite for publication definitions of the following wordsNewspaper, Nobleman, Non sense, Nothing, Nuisance, Nymph. The rules given above to be observed. 