THE TRAGEDY. Quaeque ipfc mlseitima vidi.—Vibgil. CtSHEBHie ft Cteves wasa L*dy «if-rapk • ids and fine houses, «ad gash ia the ëw^ and xings,. 'AÂd a tliou8in4 Itoo^ae; ---' • '•'- And âje'wèda5di-#ob!e of HgVdefcree Witt the jtw-^' tdfe TOdef 'df St : Ei$rit ; ' - - Bà% She Duke de Gaîw- ^TVaB, fcy" tnkiiy degrees, Î P A= He'd a sneer on his lip, and a scowl with his Now the Duchess's Page, About twelve years of «ge, For so little a boy was remarkably sage ; - And just in tbe nick, to their joy and amaze- So the TWm -to inl St. MegriD, A young man of fashion, and figure, and worth, But with no great pretensions to lot i x And was very superior to Monsetgncut > "<4ii Guise. Now Monsieur St. Megrin was curious to know If the Lady approved of hiB passion or no ; So without more ado. He put on his sur- • tout, - ; • Abd went to a man with a beard like a Jew. One Signor ïtuggieri, A Cuuning:man near, he Could conjure, tell fortunes, and calculate tides, Perform tricks ou Hie -cird?, -and Hertven knows what bwide*, Bring back a atray'd cow, • silver lsd!e-- or spoon, . . • And was thought to be thick .with Che Mqir iu the Moon. , The Sage took !us stand With liiè waiid iii his hand, ' - Drew .a circlp, then gnvo the dread word- of command, Saying solemnly—" Presto ! — Bey, quick / Cock-a-lorum ! ! " When the Duchess immediately popp'd up before 'em. Just then a conjunction of Tenus and Man, Or something peculiar above in the stars, . Attracted ihe notice of Signor Buggieri, Who "bolted," and left him alone with his deary. ; Monsieur St. Megrin went down on his knees, And the Duchess shed tears laige kb marrow-fat peas, When—fancy the shock— A loud double knock, Made the Lady cry, "Get up, you foul!—^ there's De Guite ! " 'Twas bis Grace, sure enough ; So Monsieur, looking bluff Strutted by, with his hat on, and fiugeiirig hÏB ruff, While, unseen by either, away flew the Daine Through the opposite key- hole, the same way Ehe came ; But, alack 1 and alas ! A mishap came to pa se, In her hurry Ehe, somehow or other, let fall > A new silk- Bandana she'd worn as n eliawl ; She had uBed it for drying Her bright eyes while crying, And blowing her nose, as her Beau talk'd of dying ! Now the Duke, who lir.d seen it so lately adorn her, And knew the great C with the Crown in the corner ; The instant he spied it, smoked something amiss. And said, with some energy, " D it ! what's this ? " He went home in a fume, And bounced into ber room, Crying, " So, Madam, I find I've some cause to be jealous ; Look here !—here's a proof you run'nfter tbe fellows ! —Now take up that pen—if it's bad choose a better— And write, sb I dictate, this moment a letter To Monsieur—you know who 1 " The Lady louked blue ; But replied with much firmuess—" Hang me . if I do ! " De Guise grasped her wrist With his great bony fist, And pinch'd it, and gave it eo painful a twist, That bis hard, iron gauntlet the fle3h went an inch in— She did not mind death, but she could not stand pinching ; So she sat down and wrote This polite little note :— "Dear Mister St. Megrin, The chiefs of the League in Our house mean to dine This evening at nine ; a I shall, soon after ten, Slip away from the men. And you'll find me upstairs in the drawingroom then ; Come up the back way or these impudent thieves Of servants wffl see you ; Yours CATHERINE OF C LEVES." id sealed it, all pale as a ghost, i^ut it Into the Twopenny Post. St. aJmBst Jumped out of his skin For joy «bat diy when the post came in ; His rèad the Uote through, Then began it _ anew, 'v And thought it almost too good news to be ' true.— ^ He dapp'd on his liait And a bood over . ««I, _ Wrthnjrioak^to disguise hi^juid inakebim see, from half after four, Ten at De Guise's backbade staircase «is fcteps it : a êcswe made his bow, He h*rdly knew bow. When alsa l and alack ! There wa| tio getting back, For fliè dmfciog-room doo)- Wuliatig'd to feitii . a whaek ; -In vain be applied To tbe feaudJe and tried, Somebody or other had locked it outside ! And the Duchéss iu agony mourned her mis- Iwp, "We are caught like a couple of rats in a trap." ment, Popp'd tbe Ga8-I»ghttr's ladder close under the casement. But all would not do—Though St. Megrin got through The window—below stood De Guise and his crew, And though never man was more brave than . . St. Megrin, - Yet fighting a score is extremely fatiguing ; He thrust carte and tierce. Uncommonly fierce. But not Belzebub's self could their cuirasses pierce; While bis doublet and hose, Being holiday clothes, Were soon cut through and through from his knees to bis nose; Still an old crooked sixpence the -Conjuror gave him, From pistol and sword was sufficient to save him ; But when beat' on his kueop, Thai confounded De Guise Came behind with the " fogle " thatcaused all this breeze, Whipp'd It tight round his neck, and when backward he'd jerk'd him, The rest erf the rascals jump'd on tiim and Burk'd him. The poor little Page, too, himself got no quarter, but Was served the same way. And was found the next day With bis heels in the air, and his head in the water-butt ; Catherine of Cleves Boar'd " Murder ! 1 ' and "Thieves!" From Jthe window above While t|iey mur- • der d her love ; Till, finding the rogues had accomplished hiB slaughter, She draok Prussic acid without any water, And -died like a Duke-and-a-Duchess's daughter! MOfiAC. IVke warning, ye fair, from this tale of the Bard's, And don't go where fortunes are told on the cards 1 But steer cleai- of Conjurors—never nut-query' To "Wise Mrs. Williams," or folks like Buggieri. When alone in your rooui shut i&e; door close, aadlockit; Above |aii«T--ICEKP ÏODTB &AKP;££RCfiIEF SAIS x» jôvs «ncrarjl. ' ' " Lest you too should stumble, and Lord Ler^- Son Gower, hp " ' Be eslM çn^A $Î&ÏT* j » jmr mi, h 1 " •f'p^y'*.. • r. y",, J „' ,/.' ".. t o C lest ft fafl, % Abhors • it 'is the %-rtf în ihe çlrmxfa/iitad^bMjMi^to the jjpÉi' «Jfe" never tolerated it in his calculations, "ëàfè ooaiserïïÀTBm would have left -Jite apostles In -"-'- '.' - • " • - . j e 