HER MAJESTY'S OPERA HOUSE, THE MIKADO, The "Mikado" is the opera in which Miss Clara Merivale starred in Germany lost year, and Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove produced it at Her Majesty's so that the public might hear the new prima donna in a part with which she has been associated with so much distinction. It is, however, questionable whether Mr. Musgrove in his character as impresario has acted wisely from the business point of view in withdrawing the " Yeo- men of the Guard." The latter has been more than an ordinary success. Theatregoers and all lovers of music have risen to its beauties, and it is keeping far within the mark to say that it would have filled the Opera House every night throughout the present week. The Mikado has been familiarised, and though a strikingly original work and one containing plenty of good music, it suffers by comparison with the latest of Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan's works. The performance last night was a splendid one, and the opera was staged with all the liberality ohsraoteristioof Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove. The chief interest centred in Miss Merivale, who gave a charming rendering of the part of Yum-Yum. She was warmly cheered for the solo at the opening of-the second act, "The sun and I," and in no part Btnco her first appearance in Brisbane has she been seen to so much advantage. All through Miss Merivale plays with vivacity and grace, and the music suits her better than even that in the "Yeomen of the Guard.". She is a picturesque (caricature of the Japanese female kind, and her pretty fair play and posing is just a leaf from a book of Japanese homes untravelled Britishers' delusions fondly paint it. With her as attendants Miss Merivale had Miss May Pollard and Miss Violet Varley, the latter a graceful little actress with a good voice. Miss May Pollard's voice wants immediate rest. It is almost entirely gone, and there was a general expression of sympathy with her last night as she struggled bravely through her work. Miss Fanny Liddiard as Katisha came rather in the nature of a surprise. With a thorough unselfishness she sacrificed appearance entirely to adequately represent the character, and she sang the music really well. For the duet " There is beauty in the bellow of the blast," Miss Liddiard and Mr. Vernon had quite an ovation, and they had to sing the last verse over a couple of times before the audience were satisfied. Mr. Vernon ORROROO bore the chief honours in the male parts, and his songs were all redemanded. Mr. Leumane Bang admirably as Nanki-Poo, in fact, his opening song was the best he has given us during the season. Mr. Walter Marnock as the Mikado has not a heavy part, but it is perfectly represented, and Mr. Marnook's majestic form, robed in the gorgeous vestments of Japan, was decidedly imposing. He sang his music thoroughly well, but in the patter solo, "My object all sublime," his pronunciation was scarcely clear. Mr. Imano sang splendidly, but his rendering of Pooh-Bah was a very colourless performance otherwise. Mr. Grundy, who is always useful, fitted the part of Pish Tush very well indeed. The choruses were powerful and well balanced, and aided in no small degree the success of the opera; the first chorus, "We are gentlemen of Japan," was especially good. M. Leon Caron's orchestra did full justice to the very fine orchestral porte with which the opera abounds. The " Mikado " is announced to run through the week. Writing of the recent amendments in the Land Act of 1884, Mr. Alexander Black, of Nebo, writes-Mr matter of detail, altered but not amended, is the mode of determining among competitors the right to occupation licenses, changed from the method of lot to that of auction. The decision by lot is abandoned on the grounds that it is abused. The abuse was open and flagrant in nearly every case. But the usual remedy for breach or abuse of law is satisfaction or penalty. Not abolition, the law itself being good. And that the system by lot was best for the people, reason and experience demonstrate. By it the poor man had one chance. By premium or by auction he has not the ghost of one. Here the decision infallibly is on the side of the rich, as surely as that a hundredweight will overbalance an ounce. The other day in the Mackay Land Office two occupation licenses were competed for. For these there were sixty- one applications tabled. It is stated that two only were bona fires The remaining fifty-nine, with the exception of one or two land speculators, were dummies, acting as friends for the bona- fide men. This is discreditable. By the multipli- cation of dummies, ths tion beat the poor in his only chance, as he cannot command these as the rich can. When lot was proposed to be substituted for premium or auction, a communication was sent to a prominent member of the House, himself a supporter of the lot system, suggesting a remedy for its abuse namely, that all competitors for a licence should pay a qualification fee of say, it, to the Government, and that the successful one should, by himself or his agent, occupy the land within three months or forfeit his license. Had the Clermont 400 competitors and others been subject to these conditions very few dummies would have appeared. H they had the revenue would have benefited proportionately. The hon. member to whom this remedy was suggested took no action on it, and the result is the auction system and total loss of the poor man's only chance of an occupation license." A correspondent writes as I think it would be well to direct attention to the practice of divisional boards using old forms of receipt, saying ? moiety' of rate for the year when the notice has been for the whole rate. I have had several such from outside districts. The clerk of the Balmoral Board did apologise, and said, 'No one had noticed it till this year, and already three or four had done so.' I have at this present time such a receipt from the London roopilly Board before me." One of Mrs. Mackay's sapphires, American visitors to her houses in London and Paris think, surpasses in beauty any other in the world. It is absolutely flawless, and in all of four-tenths of an inch in diameter. She bought it from a Russian prince for £37,00. She owns says the most splendid emerald known to exist, five paid a fabulous price for it. She has also a pair of diamond solitaire so magnificent that they are valued at more than £80.000. 