!-???. ???'r'-'**Pa*i]B-.T. '.????????:.??' '';'' ? : . ! - : ! ?: qlm .??? ?.-. . -?« -- ??woyember.:17. ; ;' .The inauguration of the Pasteur Institute at. pnee forji'8 the reootnponse'and the glory'for tho fojindor'a '40 yeartof hormit life arid work in thpeansa of practionV humanityi ' In' itiiT the' eminent 'BcitntiHt, Verdot, prbdidtod Pasteur's eminence in preserving food, wino; vinoyar, and malt fr-nn decomposition, and man from one of tho moat terrible of scoiirgos — hydro- phobia. In May*. 1887, on, tho -outskirts o£ ?aria, and on tho sito of a mirkot garden, tho first atouo of the Anti- hydrophobia Palaco was laid. On November 14, 1888, the building was inaugurated. The donations and Mibsoriptiona amounted to 2,d06,000 '.francs. After paying all expense's 'a balauoojjof. 1,000,000 franb'a re mains as funded capital, the interest on which will part contribute to muot the ourrout ox peDBes. All professional sorvicos aro to bo given grtttuitously. ' The buil'ling consists of two wings standing en nearly throo acros of ground. It ia not so much an hospital as a practical institution for studying, with all the means and applianoes of modern scionoe, overy ' department of miorob ology; that is of disease germs, or oontagia, in their chomiculi as woU a8 physiological aspects. There will bo a clinical ward, but only ' for out patients, where inoculations will be made. The various laboratories are spaciouB, and the aim of the structure being utility, thero ia little architectural ornamentation ; the ttutly hallB and amphitheatre- are roomy, well ventilated, and thoroughly fitted up, the room, the vaccine faotory, is maintained at a uniform tomporataro all the year round. There aro Bailee for mad dogs, and also for rabbits, guinea pigs, sheep, and other animals whose apmal marrow and brain matter will form the taw material for tho cultivation of successive generations o£ microbes taken from the blood of mad dogs. TheB« bred, or cultivated, microbes have, the power when employed as vacoine to neutralise tho venom of rabies in cases of bite» by dogs, wolves, cate, &c;, affected with hydrophobia. Up to the present aoienco* doea^not know tha exact working of that preventive effioaay. M. Pasteur has but one formula for wandering doge, i.e., destroy them. In tho second wing is tho official roBidenoe of M. Pasteur, the offioea of the administra tion, and the library, all in keeping, with the severe simplicity of the rest of the struoture. There are also special laboratories, where foreign scientists can work out different branches of diseaso germs. Thus the Russian doctor, Gamaleia, whose experiments on the. durability of cholera morbusare so hopefully advanoed, has hishunianitarianworkshop. Otherspeoialistsare handling to the same end, typhoid fever, diphtheria, scarlatina, consumption, yellow fover, &c;, whilst highly accomplished profes sors lecture on this vast struggle against death dealing miorobeB. Nor will the agricultural intereat.be. overlooked; Pasteur's disooverieB iu combating cattle plagues — oharbon, measles, foot disease, liver-fluke, &o.;, are famous, but much yet remains to be done for farm stock. In the library aro the busts of suoh. geaerous donators as the Emperor of Russia, Madamo Boucicault and others ; in the arohivea figure the juvenile letters of the little Alsaoian .boy, MfiiBter, the firnt human subjeot inoculated by Pasteur's process, and rescued from a terriblo death., The lad still writes his monthly letter of gratitude to his friend, ' My dear MonBieur PaBteur ;' and ho is tho only correspondent to whom M. Paetour personally writes a few linos, in coiiBequenco of his suffering from paralysis, making writing a task. Toe present writer is under obligation to M. Pasteur, who is not a diplomicd doctor, but a physiologist. In the early period of his anti nydrophobiac career he invited me to witness the inoculations. . 1 was among the crowd observing the administering of the morning dose of virus and the application of the oold water teat when a tap ou the Bhoulder caused me to look round, and there waa the thoughtful, wrinkled features of the wormer of nature's 8ecrets. With the ghost of a philosopher's smile, ho asked, ' Ato you bitten, when, and where?' Assuring him I was unqualified for hia servicea, I begged he would allow ine, with no lees thankfulness, to be hia debtor for his promised information. And then we made the rounds of his extemporised hospital, his danger oub kennel, and his auspioioua rabbit warren. A very expresaivo and appropriate bronze group is erected at the entrance tj the building. It represents tho brave shepherd JupiUe saving two infants from a mad wolf. Jiipille, fright fully lacerated, waa one of the earliest of Pas teur's patients. Such is the institution and the man President Camot camo to honour in the name of France, supported by such typical representatives as Baron Rothschild, Bertrand, of the Academy of Soiences ; four Ministers, a crowd of ex' Ministers, tho Rusaian Ambas sador (delegated specially to represent hiB master), and a deputation of 20 medical atudonta with their banner — not a skull and cross bonoB, but the tricolonr covered with violet tibbon streamers. Poor M. Pasteur was so overcome with emotion that he wept and Bobbed like a child during the wholo ceremony. Through bin tears shone a nunc dimittis joy. The trirl of Prado, for the murder of a rich, loosss woman, will be memorable, as perhaps having no equal whore the accused dis played Buoh wonderful talent. Though ac corded counsel, he defended his case himself against judgo and public prosecutor.. Like' Compi, his identity will remain1 a secret, save with hia counsel. He is a man of suporior position and extensive education ; his tact, resources and coolness in ' cross-examining the witneBaes against him, were splendid. His speech on the indiotment was a masterpieco of legal smiirtiiesa and atility. The opinion was unanimous that 110 barrister could have aur patted him: in tho . delivery of hia argument, tho gliding over tho weak parts of his defenoe, the bringing into bold relief tho strong points of bis case ; the asdaoity of his assertions, the novelty of bis explanations, and ' the virtuous cloak ho throw over his minor sins. The modulation of his voice quite in keeping with hia hypocritical attitudes, might almost have, deooived the very elect. He wag convicted on tno aamo lines as Pranzlni. His mistresses and wiveB denounced him. Ho was identified aa being a visitor to the victim the day of the crime, when he was starving add peniiilei-8. The occupation : of his time the night of the murder he oould not account for, and after the perpetration of the deed ho wbb : fjush of cash, and the sale of the woman's jewellery was traced homo to him. For tho jury, all else was but .leather arid prunella. On receiving sentence of death he merely shrugged hiB Bho-oldors and boasted, to his guards what a splendid advocate he showed himself to be. Ho embodied tho highest in telligence with tho lowest depravity. The Orleaniata havo now gone over like the Bouapartists to Boulangimn, and as tbe latter claim to bo the depositary of unalloyed republicanism, France presents tho unexpected \- spectacle of containing only ICepublicans. That conversion can only bo matohed by St. Paul's pn.the road to Damascus. If tbo brethren could only dwell' together in unity! The parlia mentary committee on thp rovisinn of tho constitution have reported in favour of a constituent Aeaembly, and hence the uboUtiou pf the Senate, tho doing away of M. Curnot's offico (France will soon contain' as many bx preaidents as ex-soveroigris)/ and the npmiua i tion of the 'Executive ,by the constituencies, the members no; being reprcBontutiyod. All this political manria'oyen'BpiUftriger never droamei of. but no ono. believes1, in it.:; As well bollflve in tho income-tax being ydte$i or Goriniuy .leading tho van in the work.' of disa^mamont. If ;tho deputies : V7ould jro^i' the premi^ure difBolution of tho Ch'iiulbcr, tbat Belf-donyiug act would corivbrt the i^brciiulouB.'; ' ?'',..; ,: JusticeV though ,' jieh ^anajjolqifdp, ias oyor-. taken, the porpetrator of t^p.CUantUly. murder. |ftQme,weeksugo the fcodyof a man was found ' f riSjtf ully mutilaied; and lying on the r.ailwiay.v One of his foet was out off; but not by tha train. '$$ h^a property oonalsbediof two 'Ma'librda^ii: and. -'.-o idwiiendBof'daudleBi' Hia1 lirieu. was' iriittried] ?EL.i -Xlltimatcly- the'1 deceased; wai)1 idenWled as a land agCnt named' Hoyos. ?? The ' Jiitter'B lifo^aa.ineurcii ift fourLdifforontjsifficos, m'nd the payment pf: one,qfutheypQUcio8rra:8U!Ui ,0^ 100,000 -francs— ,wa-,de,m,a»id(;(i, (l XUoim 'speotor viewed jbQ; njannor.-,ofiap.plioation ae fiBhy, nnd ho.dcmandod.. th.at .th.eNbody of; the, iv^t)mbofixuumedKW-l:idonj- ifie4;by.tno80who, 4 kj/ppr Hoy ob. Tl)olatJflr,,wj8flJitqHt,ooi!puliiht mjn, ' with, a ? ^jct-jrn,JpJisaBUplii mouataoho,: . whjfe , Uip ? dpoea«ea|J;wns,.;tl)a{,7Qf ! -.*' puny-, ,slet!|de)r yqung^ariLyoSi rBV$loinuy,p.o.uiit(toQO-: But whjrojw/iir^ponrfial j3qypa,-ftHAft©ri kflSfi search h'otWaB'ifouo&.dUguiBe&.ftBja; W*lter^i» ftromoto village mnt living under an assumed. nkmc, while. -^o^ufoEiBrjnla^iSg loirard to :dfmnnd the payment. ..Tno-parties were ar «()Btcd, and bb 5o-j,Qa!B:tw,9 Jwjl69i jatfior myB itwiouBfy ? , ^sapMare^^^eir, ,.d «*ths,, wilil , h* lopk^jrito;, ,Th'o 'pri3OTaier,*in,p^qr..tp),eSeot,. the. insuranco, alleged.* ho, ,',was a , corqmoroial ; traveller', and could not ,poine '?', to Paris,' toj- bo medically examined and pjiotogrttpted. The. insuranco effected, on the, report of a -country dootor, ho proyailed.ujpbn his farmsoryant to; droeB himsplf 'fn his (Hovos'a) .insidp .clothing; then lured him to Chantilly and murdered him by pounding hia head into a paticiko with ftom-s. Ah thu Bervaut had a uliio f jut bo ilu tachtd this from the tody before thro^iujr tho: remains ttcroHB the rnilwuy motals. .'.'.'. . ?? . Tho rumoured illness of , tho Popa is not true. Boyond hiB advanced years, ho is as well as could bo deBirpd. He can walk alone tw.ice a day in tho gardens of tho Vatican, leaning on a walking-atick witi a gold knob, the gift of his faithful valet-de-chambro. His hohneaa rboa at 7 o'clock,, when ho takes milk and coffee, tho only ropast ho relishes, and about whioh he is as particular as wob Marie Antoinette. At 10 o'clock^ ho tak(w a basin of tsoup ; at 6, ho dines off r pigeon, with aoup, and one glass of claret ; at 10, a biscuit, same fruit, and a glas3 of olnrc-t. 1 he beat evidenco of the Pope's health is tho fact that every evening ho romaina a full hour kneeling in BileDt prayer. Although the Italians have the beat navy afloat tlioy aro still dissatisfied with their situation. They say they havj too many iron olads and too few awift cruisers, and not at all enough of the torpedo tribe. The Italians have to look forward to tho time when their alliance with Germany, whose unity is not irou-oaBed, may have to end, and the ring both powers form round France will ba snapped. It ia said that Germany largely contributes to the Italian budget, but not in the sense that Louis XIV. once subsidised the English Parliament.. A few evenings ago, at the monthly dinnor of foreign correspondents, a journalist an nounced hie theory, and sustained it very brilliantly, on the subject of the Whitochapel horrors — namely, that the Jack the Ripper was a combination of religious fiend and fanatic, whoBe,' crank' was to believe he had a Divino mission to extirpate prostitution, aud that the only way to eradicate that sooial ovil waa to terrorise and horrify unfortunate women, to suoh a degree as to frighten them from their trade. Sportsmen have gone in large numbers this seaeon to Algeria, where the shooting is re ported to be excellent. A fair, shot with a good dog can make a bag of 60, brace of red partridge in a day. Close to the dosert fringe, game of a more exciting, character is to be found. Algeria was, on ;e the part granary of ancient Rome. It now promises to be the preserve of France and Eng land. Nutritive and readily digested wine, red or whjte, sells at 3 sous the quart It is still a tbiok, sugary, unheady wine, with a Blight earth flavour, characteristics that dis appear us the vines advance in age. The majority of the vine cultivators are Spaniards, who prefer to oultivate the yines of their own country, while the French lean to their claret grapes. The Algerian wine forma a good base for blendings, and the latter is rapidly becoming tbe wholo seDrot of tho wine trade. As for the tempting names on Hate and labels, they are only historical souvenirs. Another trade has been developed in Algeria by the accelerated mail service and the now parcela post ; the production of early fruits and vegetables or primours for the Paris and London markets. For 20 miles round Algiers tbe country ia avast market garden, and the soil produces two crops yearly ; indeed vegetable life there ia never auBpt nded. M. Numa GiUy is the mayor of Nimea and also one of the deputies. By trado he is a cooper. He gives his parliamentary salary of 25 francs u day to the poor fund of bis electoral distriot, and lives by his trade. His con stituents aro suro to find him, when not on parliamentary duty, in his workshop He is u Cincinnatun at the plough handle. GiUy it a man of the time. He has accused half the membera of the Budget Commission of being as corrupt as Wilson, and has summoned them to defend themselves at the Assizes of Nimes. All official and Governmental influence was made to crush the affair, but M. Rouvier, oao of tbe cited, mudo the speech of an honest man in the Chamber, and said, ' Only those who had something to conceal would refuse to appear.' During tho debate, whore Premier Floquet blundered aa usual, members throttlod eaoh other, fist- Bhakings beoaino current coin, and wild and witty language waB exchanged. Tho ladies' gallery; which ia above that of tho Preps, indulged in ill-suppressed tutors. The members accused the Press of that expression of opinion, and ordered their gallery to bo cleared till the ushers asserted the laughing name from the angela overhead— in Paradise ; ao tho matter was compromised by a requost to tho Cherubim and Seraphim not to whispor too loud or make unnecessary noiso with their fans; while the din below was veritably a pandemonium. There were seven challenges ' of duels. Paul de Casaagnao alone accepted. four, , ao he will in time b'come a turret. TbeBo boisterous scenes point to tbe beginning of the end of the Chamber. It is of course Boulangiem that will score from them. It is . said that it ib M. Wilson who has been privy to: supplying GUly with tho documentary proofs that others ato worso than himself. A few daya will show. ' '''' Tho now noteB of the Bank of Franco will have tho face painted iu blue and the back in rose colours. . , , .. . - ? , | Silver wedding's (nre oostly.'. Thp Jews aro , introducing ' golden deaths.!'.' 'They feast the poor on the . anniversary of ' thie death of a member of their family. ' '.:.''. 