CHAPTER XVII. A WHITE 1[K, Tho Earl of Strathspey hold lua word as sacred as his bond; nevertheless he told, what, in polite parlance, would be called a whito lie, when ho avowed hia intention of making a run down to Lon on. And white lioa are nboub aa dis astrous in their results na black ones, for if tho oavl 1 ad not indulged in thia one, ho would have Bparod himself many a day of bitter n^ony. Since that afternoon, when, as he galloped over the Tyrol, 011 hia roturn from the shepherd's cot, that terrible suspicion ilashod across hia mind, Lord Strathspey had not known ono hour of rest-, He possessed just the temperature to soisso upon a silly suspicion, and magnify it, and brood over it, till it grow into a torturing reality, Tho sudden fancy that struck him, was rhat the little flaxen-haired boy, with » faeo so wondrously liko Lady Pearl'u, was his wife'# child. Strangely enough, it never occurred to this gifted poor that the boy might bo his child, and tho one who boro his namo, ana was to be his hoir, might bo an impostor, No such droam ever entered his mind ; ho fully bolieved that his own babe, marked with the scarlet cross, aa some of tho male Strathapoya had been before him, hail been restored to him ; yet ho harbored tho foolish sus picion that the little Tyrol lad, whose face haunted him day and night, might bo the child of his countess, He, her husband, thus dishonored her by & slanderous sua' picion, yet if any living being had dared to utter auoh a thing in hia hearing, he would have struck him doad At hia feet. Once in his mind, tho fancy haunted him like a fitsnd, IIo»v olao could ho ac count for liia wife's visit to the cottage, for her atrau«o conduct, and above all her obstinacy in refusing to confide to him the cause of her unrest and depression ? At last tho poor man's torture grew to be unbearable, and ho determined to go ] luck to tho Tyrol and solve the mystery, Ho would find some way, either through four or bribery, to force tho aocret from tho glib-tongued old woman 5 and he would aoo tho child again, und judge by its age and appearance whether his terrible suspicions wore true or false. Accordingly, he made his arrangements, and uttered his white lio about his run down to London, But instead of going to tho metropolis, he went straight to Dover Harbor, and orosard the Channel by tho tirst steamer, little droaming that tho very next one would bring his wifo over. From Calais ho started direct for tho valloy of tho RUetian Alps ; but mid way, at n little wayside inn, ho foil ill. Ilia constitution was like iron, but it sank bonoath the incossant mentnl torture ho had endured within the last few weeks ; and for two nights he lay prostrate, Bcorched with fever. In hia delirious, midnight dreams, lio bogan to think of death, death far from home, and wifo, and I children ; death, with this hideous sus- ; picion in his soul, His wife's face, sweet, and pure, and reproachful, xoao up before him, and he awoke to tho bitter wrong he was doing her, ami determined to return to Nngland, and fprnvoi? givo over his Ab surd illusion. Bat tho moment tho fever abated lie tottered to his f&t;, wi<J all hie old, toitur. ing feara returned with double force, Ho could not go back j he must know tho truth, or ho should go mad. Bo, in oppoaiiion to the entreaties of the surgeon who attended him, he started off, white as a ghost, and only able to keep on his feet. The September sun hung low iu tho purple aky, and all the grand eld Switzer peaks glittered with his departing glory, on tho afternoon (when Lady Strathspey reached the Tyrol valley. Colonel Vor noy had sent a dispatch from Calais to Paris, and learning that his friend was somofching better, he accompanied her, At a small publie-iiouso, at no great distance from the shepherd's cottage, he hired ft carriage and drove across the smiling green valley. Divining with the intuitive instinct of a gontleman, that tho poor mothor would soonor seek her child alone, ho put her out at tho edge of tho little coppice, and avowed his de termination to remain there with tho oarriago until alio should return; Lady Strathspey walked briskly over the short spnco that intervened botwoon tho coppice nnd tho cottage, her heart throbbing so wildly as almost to stop her breath. In a few moments she would know tho truth, and ascertain whether there was any proof of which her child might bo reclaimed and reinstated. Tho sun dipped low abovo tho western sens, tho Alpino summits gleamed and glittered in their eternal whiteness ; a mingled melody of tinkling bells and low ing horda floated on the balmy evening air, but unmindful of all, unconscious oven of her glorious surroundings, tho countess hurried on. Half way across tho slope of meadow land, a peal of childish laughter startled her, and just before her, clustered upon tho velvet sward, beneath a giant oak, alio beheld a young kid, all garlanded with wild-wood blossoms, an immense Alpino sheep-dog, find a littlo boy in a scai'lot smock and plumed cap. Tho little fellow was sitting nstrido tho dog'a back, dipping his curly head, and shouting with childish glee, whilo the groat, grim animal lay, with hia nose resting on his paws in tho afternoon sunshino, as if he onjovod tho sport. Lidy Strathspoy stood still a moment, gazing on the lovoly pastoral picture, the tears streaming ovor her wan clieoks. At last alio drew near. Tho dog raised his pointo<l ear*?, and uttered a hoarse growl, The oountesa paused in terror, but tho boy's quick eyes had Bpied hoi'. . ^ " Down, Tiger," he cried; pl niting hia brown, chubby foot on tho animal's head, and tho dog obeyed. " Come on," he continued ;" Iiiui won't bito oo, him only bitoa do bad foxes..' Liidy Strathspey approached, and hold out hor hand. , "Xiavo you forgotten mo, Iiommio?" Bhe aslcod. "No, ineed, I knows 00-00 coined with other lady, long, long ago. Dut'n my kid, Molly's, kid granniudder fi tys it's my bruddev-ain't it nicoT he replied, giving hor one little hand, und pointing tho other toward tho. kid, which was cropping tho greon grass-blades a yard or two away. She tried to answer, but her voice failed.; the little prattling voico thrilled her to the heart's core. \ "Oh, my darling, my darling.!" she sobbed, catching tho child in her nrms, and covoring his face and halt with pas* sionate kisses. ' . . ; lie struggled from_ her arms, looking up with wide, wondering eyos, "What Wo make 00 always ky ?" lie questioned, a trifle impatiently;-"Ilommte don't like folks to ky,'' "Don't yon, darling?" said the, countess, restraining hor tears ; " then I'll not cry any more, for I want you to' like mo. Don't you like mo, llommie?" I " Oh, yes, Roinmio likes oa, an* lie like;* granniudder, an' granpap, an' Molly, lots end lots." " Who is Molly , " Molly'a my goat-my nmromy; goat-: don't oo want 'o see her f ' : ; ; "Not now ; I'll see lior by niul by sifc hero by me, and lee ua talk a littlo bit.; Whore's grandmother V " Tooldng supper, We'd doing to have tustard pic-oo want somo V Lndy Strathspey nodded, and took his littlo round right arm in her hands,iwith a boating heart, almost fearing to look for tho birth-mark, yot fouling surojtwas: thero, - "Won't you let mo BOO your prolty arm ?" eho aakod, : / " Yoa, indued ! Does oo want to BOO my pretty koas, too ?-look atheroiiow!" he cried, pushing up the looao sleovo.of his smock, , / Thoro it was! Tho Strnthspey birth mark, tho scarlet cross, deep and vivid boneath tho whito, transparent akin ! For an instant tho sunlight peaks, and all tho green valley, swam boforo tho poor inothor'a oyea, but by a mighty effort t}ho .lontrullod hci'solf. " Littlo llommie," she said, solemnly clasping tho boy closo to her heart, '* you are my own child, and a3 suro as I live, and Heavou holpa my, you ahull bj your fathor'a heir. \ 