CRUMBS. Will it Isst Personalities. I A Sugar KiDg. Stnrt alighted. i Slumsweeping. I A team of talkers. Satan rebuking sin. A seventh Minister. *' For we are seven." A big jump in sugar. Happy Hononrables. Adroit Commissioner. The sedative Ministry. Brevity the soul of wit. Ho squatter need apply. A half-and-half Ministry, Shortest letter on record. Model letter-writer Horn. Mr. Peter P. Gillen, M.P. Cockburn's Scotch Mixtnre. Tenders invited for a policy. A Horn of brandy and water. Stopped Bonlanger's pension. An unconstitutional Ministry. Monlden taking it like a lamb. Rnsh of wool down the Darling. Little too heavy, Master Charlie. Jenkins's spreadeagleism wasted. The Pedagogue will teaoh figures. Golden crutohes for MisB Maohin. Cockburn's "sittings" to the front. The Logical run to seed—no Lands. A sick lot to want so many doctors. Sir John Downer on the gentleman. Divide sis salaries among seven men. Billy O'Brien again in for martyrdom. Comparisons odious—to the new men. A rod in pickle for the Peninsula M. P. Another Horth Pole lunatic turned up. The new Ministry just need ropesnongb. Who is the seventh wheel of the coach ? A war of wit between Johnson and Horn. Sir Henry Parkes wants to lock the Darling. How many days will the Doctor's patients live. Prinoess Lonise betrothed to the Earl of Fife. Savings Bank interest this year, 4J per cent. The latest corner will affect the poor man's beer. Thrown the machinery out of gear for this! South-Eaetern Land Board has finished its work. Mr. Johneon not cowed by the crumpled Hom. A mountain in labonr has brought forth a mouse. Cockburn's Cabinet already sizes and sevenB. "There is nothing Billier than a Billy laugh." Female franohiso promised by Sir Henry Parkes, Lanosebire beat Surrey by an innings and 48 runs. " A converted rake makes the best of hus bands." Only a farthing damages for that big turf scandal. Two brothers in-law in the Ezecutlva Council. Is the Ministry never to be without an ex trooper ? InoffenBive Bsgster had greatness thrust npon him. Allopathy and Homoeopathy have embraced each other. Our Agricultural Bureau now wantB a fruit paoking expert. A week of that worry would have turned the Dootor grey. Motto for Holder and younger Govern ments—Hold on. Two lawyers, two doctors, and two Press men in the team. Only 35,000 trees applied for the day before Arbor Day, Fistieufis in the French Chamber—Beats Hew South Wales. First Friday in August proposed as a holi day for Arbor Day. Henry Richardson, late of Port Augusta, has become mesne. State teaohere to take lessons in tree-plant ing and cultivation. "Analysis" fails to disoover Mr. Hewe's Protectionist record. Sergeant Kingston, attention ! right about torn, fall to the rear. MonBignor Persico is not afraid of being persicooted to death, Argus and Sydney Morning Herald rough on the Premier Dootor. Adelaide keeping up its reputation as cleanest city in Australia. Gold lode six miles long in Pahang secured by Queensland Syndicate. Fonrof the biggest blocks of West Coast land withdrawn from sale. Ho substitutes, but make the rich and poor fight shoulder to shonlder. Prince of Wales jprov dingagainBt economis ing tendencies of Radioals. Don't reckon your chickens before they are hatched, Treasurer Holder. Lawyers making a fine picking out of " Australia's" shepherd kings. How, dootor, having felt the pulse, what do you think of the Assembly? Won't the butohers want an expert for | their preserved meats and tallow? That destructive old deadbeat at Terowie should have a little treadmill work. Of 26.000 criminals arrested in PariB, 16,000 had not attained the age of 20. Bishop Barry wants those Western Aus tralian niggers properly looked after. Commissioner Bnrgoyne wants to test that | West Coast land by boring for water. M.P. Bartlett has to explain his late " unfortunate condition" to his masters. A popular wealthy Scotch Peer is better than a poor adventurous German Prinoe. Will Hon. George kindly take a hint from young Horn when next he feels sorlbblyj? Only £248,000 Beeurediby the Irish League, and nobody knows what has become of it. Letter-writers of the Cotton, Wilson, and Berens kidney ehonld take example by Mr. Horn, Civil Service Commission recommend fur ther savings of £4,000 a year; total to date. £19,700. The Otber colonies are surprised at the ingratitude towards the Playford Adminis tration. The annual increase of the Eequimaux population 1b estimated to be not more than 60 or 80. I Good music, clever jugglery, extraordinary tumbling, and pretty Queens at the Indian | Museum.-' The ooean is the only power on earth that can make a woman indifferent to her personal appearance. He who seeks popularity shall lose it, and be who by consistency will lose popularity Bhall find it. There is no fellow feeling between Pro tectionists divided by an imaginary geo graphical line. The man who said he was contesting the I district by way of advertisement is still open for engagement. In olden times the great squatters would have settled their differences with a shower of spears and arrows. An iuma'o of the Penitentiary at Salem, Ontario, recently cut off his hands iu order to get a epell of Idleness. General Downes says he wouldn't touch with a forty-foot pole any system whioh allows of substitution. Will Mr. Horn recommend a doctor to make the surgical operation necessary for Johnson to see a joke ? trench gentlemen who visited Auldana Vineyard on Tnesday spoke highly of the wines produced there. A fruit-shipper who packe his produce in old paperhangisgs and dirty newspapers deserves tn lose the lot. " Derby" will aocept Home Rnio for Ireland after colonial federation. He will then be nearly as old as Rowley. . Bertha Banmgarten, a wild-beast tamer, wbb killed by a tiger during an exhibition at flohenmafcb, Bohemia. The number of men's linen collars made in Amerioa every year is 4,000,000. About one collar to every eight men. Southey mentions that the first settlers in Brazil paid £300 for a cat, and for kittens their weight in gold dust. A London paper says there are still twenty three islands in the Pacific Ocean whioh no nrtion has set np a claim to. Did Dr. Cockbnrn take in two lawyers like the Chinaman who carries two watches that in ease one is eick the other will go? There are about 70,000 lacemakers in .Nor mandy, and in all France there are nearly 200,000 women engaged in this industry. An English naval officer estimates that there are £40.000,000 in gold and eilver under the eea, which could bo reaohed by good iuok. The first number of the Adelaide Observer —"the observed of all observers"—was published July 1,1843, More popular than ever. | An inch of rain means a gallon of water spread over a surfaoe of nearly two square feet, or a fall of abont 100 tonB on an aore of ground. The most prominent brigand in China, Ho TaLao-hu, has been captured and killed. He was a giant, being 7 ft. 2 in. in height, and broad in proportion. It is estimated that at least a hundred times aB many ladies from the United States visit the Old World as there are European ladieB who visit Amerioa, The Admirable Criohton was assassinated July 1,1682, or his pupil, a licentious eon of the Duke of Mantua, has been grossly slandered. Who knows ? It wub on July 1,1190, that those 100,000 ruthless Crusaders assembled on the Plains of Vazelai under Rfehard I. of England and Philip Augustus of Franoe, The foundation-stone of our own and only St. Peter's Cathedral was laid June 29, twenty years ago. Will another twenty years sec it finished, my Lord ? An authentic silver dollar of the Confede rate States is valued by ooin collectors at £200. Only a few were coined before the Confederate Mint ran oat of eilver. Edward Sruoe, brother of the heroio Robert Bruce, expelled the English from Galloway June 29, 1308, and had the impu (Ifltmn fn oktp •* if. BfLircnH '«m rinht." denae to say " it sairved 'em rioht.' That notorious Frenoh phyeioian, astrolo ger, and proguosticator of "plagues, pesti lence, and famine," Miohael Nostradamus, "shuffled off this mortal ooil," July 2,156S. Battle of Boyne, July 1,1690. In this en gagement William III. gained a victory over the forces of JameB II. daring the oivll wars of those uncivil monarohs and uncivilized e French attacked and laid waBte the Island of Jamaioa June 27, 1694, just 200 years after its discovery by Columbus in 1494, They won't be game to repeat that little game in 1894, you bet. 0^9 A Norwegian engineer looatea leakB in a ship while in dry-dock by filling the vessel with smoke. The leakB are Boon shown by an esoape of smoke, the process requiring only thirty or forty minutes. Two mouarchs as unlike as chalk and cheese were each born on June 27—Charles IX. of EVance In 1550, and Charles XII. of Sweden in 1682. Query—Whioh Charley was the chalk and which the cheese ? The Council of the S.A. Branch of the British Medical Association say they have reasonable ground for reporting that the Hope Valley Reservoir is being actually con taminated by the drainage of itB catchment area. ' The twenty-fifth anniversary of the intro duction of Sunday-sohoois into Germany was recently eelebrated. There are now more than 1,000 Snnday-sohools, with 11,000 teacherB and 830,000 ohildren, in the German Empire. The old ladles of Nantneket are exceed ingly spry, if one may believe the report that at a recent evening gathering on the island one of them, aged 92, played the piano aooompaniment, while another, aged 85, danced. That famous Battle of Marston Moor, in which Oliver Cromwell first distinguished himself by crushing the power of "that insolent Charles Stuart," alias" King Charles the Martyr of blesBed memory," was fonght July 3,1644. Henry VIII. was horn at Greenwich Jane 28, 1491. Our panning Crambman says " that he ehould have been turned oat with all the lateBt improvements waB no wonder, for he was a Tudor, and his mamma was a tender nurse." Sir Home HigRS Popham, captnred the city of Bnenos Ayres (good air), June 27,1806, for whioh he was tried by a Court Martial on a charge of having acted without sufficient authority, and waB "discharged with a oantfon." Being an Irishman he didn't oare a dump for that. The new heir of the Anstrian Emperor, besides being a deBoendant of the Cm.ars, will be a king of nine countries, wear eighteen titles as dnke, one aa arohdnke, two as grand dnke, four as margrave,and soon to the total number of fifty-'our. One of Mr. Gladstone's grey hairs has been valued at four shillings in Naples. It was picked from off his coat by a London Pressman, who sat behind him in oburch. An Italian deputy to whom it was shown seized it, throw down a five- frano pieoe, and bolted, \- Denis Diderot died in Paris July 2, 1784, aged 71. He was a clever, voluminous, and versatile writer, but his works are well satu rated with the poisonous fluid of scepticism peculiar to his age and oountry. His "last dying speech" was—" the first step towards vtmlAanrthv so inm>oa1nUf«t " philosophy ie incredulity. General Bonlanger's one idol in life is said to be his mother. She was with him in 1859 during ths ten months in whioh he was in danger from a wonnd received at Solferico, and which has never healed. He spends every Snnday afternoon and evening with her, and if away always sends her a telegram. The following foots show how the medfoal profession are ooming to the oonolnsion that aloohol is less and lees neoessary in aiokness. In St. Bartholomew's Hospital in 1862 £685 worth of milk was used, and in 18S2 £2,012; in Gay's Hospital £236 in 1852, and £1,148 in 1882; in the London Hospital £426 in 1852, and £2,427 in 1882, The Battle of Adrianople, at which Ltoiniuv Emperor of the E&Bt;, was defeated and slain by the army of Constantino the Great, occurred July 3,323. Constantine had avowed great esteem for Licinins, and bcBtowed his sister on him in marriage; bnt what are the ties of consanguinity and relationship, or a few thousand lives, to the noble aspirations of an amlitious warrior "fighting for the crown." Lonis XI. of Franoe was born July 3,1423. He was the son of Charles VII.. called the Victorious, which was the eon of Charles VI., called the Well- beloved, whioh was the son of Charles V., called the Wise, which was the son of John II., called the Good, which was the son of the superfluous, narrow- minded, ignorant and bigoted Philippe VL Talk . about bine-blood; what thinkeBt thon of that yonr Honor? The Globe Theatre, London, was burnt down, June 29.1613. It was in this temple of the mnses that one Will. Shahspeare im personated his own creations.^ Had he this conflagration of the globe in his mental, optic when he penned those bnrning lines " The solemn temples, the great globe itself, Tea, all which It inherit shall dissolve T here is an M.P. named Horn, Who the mantle of wit hath worn; But a party named Frank J ook a humorous crank, A nd now that choice mantle is torn. William Huntington, S.S., died Jnly 1, 1813, aged 69. He was a popular preacher' of the Antinomian sohool, illiterate, illiberal, and vulgar; bnt the author of Beveral works which had a great circulation on acoount of their "strange eventful histories," incredible narratives, and personal experiences. " There is a general impression in Euro pean politioal circles that jPrinoe Nikita of Montenegro will be proclaimed King of United Servia in the coming autnmn ; that in the winter there will be an active agitation in the provinces affected and amongst their' allies; and that tbiB will be followed in the spring of next year by a great Enropean "They say" that the island of Madeira was discovered by John Gonzales Zarco and TriBtan Vaz, July 2, 1419. But tradition insiets that it was discovered in 1344 by an English mariner who was driven there by a storm, and afterwards escaped to Portngal in' a canoe he had made. Then again that old Italian chronicler will have it that the whole group was known to the Komana as the. Parpnrarite Insulre. Offa, King of Meroia, died June 29, 7940 or thereabouts. Having murdered Ethelbert, King of the East Angles, he compounded with his creditors in the Court of Consclenoe, by giving np a tenth of his goods to the Churoh, making a pilgrimage to Home, instituting the tax called Peter-pence, and building the Monastery of St.Alban's. It is perhaps not generally known that the Queen presents a medal to the ordinary, staff,' of her honBehold fsr long and faithful service. It is of silver, designed by Wyon, about the size oi a florin, with a silver olasp showing the> crown and Royal cipher, suspended from a ribbon of the Viotoria plaid pattern. On one side is the profile of the Queen, and on the other an inscription setting forth to whom and for what service it has been awarded. Pope John X. reluctantly gave np the. ghost, Jnly 2, 928. That biographer says,. " He was a turbulent prelate, ana defeated' the Saracens, who bad desolated Italy a long time; bnt he was himBelf driven from Home by Guy, Duke of TuBoany, and was put to death." If he had been consulted upon the matter he would probably have preferred to have lived in a more peaoeable age. The other day Mr. Barnnm entered a well known plaoe of worship in New York, and quietly took a seat at the back of the build ing. The olergyman who was officiating re cognized the veteran showman, and said in lond and distinot tones "I see P. T. Barnnm. in a back pew in this church, and I invite him to oome forward and take a seat in my family pew. Mr. Barnnm always giveBjme a, good seat in his circus, and I want to give him as good in my church." The original Eau de Cologne Is made from a recipe whioh has been known to only ten' people sinoe it was discovered 200 years ago. The written copy of it is Skept in a crystal goblet, under triple looks, in the room in which the essential oils are mixed. The oaeks in whioh the perfnme is kept are made of cedac wood from Lebanon, which is stronger than any other and does not smell. More than 2,000,000 bottles are sold annually, and o£ these 160,000 go to one house in London. Jnne 29, 1559, was a glorious bright, summer's day, thongh Henry IL of France could not see where the glory came in. for— "At midday with bis page he went To see a splendid tournament. And there he met an armed knight. In plumed helm and armour bright; With grace he rode his warlike steod. But after many a martial deed" Henry was wounded in the eye by the lance ■■ of Count Montgomery, a Scottish nobleman^, and died of the injury. 