THE "NOVELIST. The Garston House Tragedy. BY JEANNIE LOCKETT, Author of "The MiBwood Mystery," "Kitty Cartwright," &c.; (Begun in TOWN AND COUNTBY JOUBNAI, of December 1.) (SPECIAIiY'.WBITTEN FOB THIS PAPEB.) CHAPTER XXXV.-(CONTINUED). " No, not at all. And now that I cometo think of it, it may have been the entire absence of re cognition in her face which made me feel doubt ful. It wasn't as if she seemed to have any wish to avoid recognition. At least, if she had, she hid it extremely well. Yet, if she bought the chloroform, it's a strange thing for her to have forgotten so entirely, as she must have done from the expression of her face, that I served her with it." "You think there were no Bigns of anything that you oould call recollection pf the circum stance in her face ?" "Not the least." i " And you feel sure there was ho effort on her part to hide such signs from your observation ?" ; ."There certainly did not appear to be any. And I think I could detect an assumption of un concern as readily as any one." .?/;'? "I'm sure of that, Mr. Brasfort," the detec tive said ; adding, " well, all that I can say about this case ÍB that it's the most puzzling I ever had v> anything to do with. You see, I've got not only to ^j' get hold of the right party-or the one that's ?<V> supposed to be the right party-but I've set my self to clear the one who, at present, is to some ¡ extent under suspicion- that is, according to the ¡ evidence that has been brought out." '..j, . ; " By the one tinder suspicion,(. you mean the young lady in the carriage ?" H ? "Yes, at present suspicion seems to point to. her as the one who not only bought ,the chloro form, but made use of it afterward." . " You don't mean that ?" "Yes, I am sorry to say it's a fact ;. and, what is more, until a very short time ago ;I suspected her myself." .n "Until you saw her, I suppose?" », " Well, yes, I may say that ; though I never sot eyes on her till to-day. But I had my idea rather shaken by one or two things Jfchat cropped j up before." . ? , ? . ? . " It's a. murder, case, I suppose;''.the chemist '. said, in an undertone. . 1 < \- i : " Yes; if it's anything,at aU, it must be that." : "Well, I'd be willing to stake a good deal on tb at young .lady's innocence; though, if I had i not seen her to-day, I don't think I should have been willing to do that." : . . ¡ . " You mean if you only had the remembrance of ; her face as you. saw it when she ibought the chloroform ?" , , " Yes ; the , expression then ,< was so . entirely different." " Could you say in what way ?" ....... "No; I don't think I could. In fact, I can't ! do it at all.* I only know" that it was different." ¡ " Did she look at the time as if she was acting ! under some influence ?" <. ¡ ?, . . : " I don't understand -you. - What kind of in fluence ? Not drink, surely.") -:o<7 <vi'-, "No, no ;. nothing of that kind.,,; But.as if under the influence of another's j will ?"' "I certainly did not think that. Though, now that you speak of it, there was a peculiar set look in her face, I fancy." ;. .. , r 1 T ' 1 P l _r_. J _ J__ *_n,i " A kind of absent-minded expression ?" .? :.,-..> ?'.V "No, not that exactly.., It. would, be better described aa the look of a person who had ascer tain, thin^, to do, and was .determined to gp through with it." . ,/ " Ah, well, that ; is something like.the, kind, of expression I meant." , . . , : ,*' ; ,. " But I don't see how it could be the, result pf the influence of another will. . .You.don't mean' coetcion ?" , ,. , . . : , " No-at least not in its ordinary, sense. The fact is, Mr. Brasfort, I'm in such ;a state of fog. ovo/ the whole affair that I'm not in^a,position to make things clear to you. And, I fancy, if we *<'.- wont on talking for a day, things would look no clearer than they do at this moment. At the samo time, I am much obliged to you for what you have told me. If you have, nonobjection, I may drop in again in the course, of a few. days, find have another talk .about it.V: - Yousöe,.there are some things that I'm not at liberty to mention at this stage. I shouldn't be fit : for my position if I let out what I learn, in confidence, you know. If it were not for that, I should have been quite open with you from the first.", ' ; ? . ; , ; . ; " I quite understand that, old man. Don't put yourself out in the least about it," Mr. Brasfort said, with a return of his old ; careless manner, adding, " but if you want any farther informar tion, j nst come and "ask for it, and don't try any punioing process oh me, for it would be simply waste of time ;" andMr. Brasfort, whpfor sometime past had been leaning over the counter, put put his hand in the cool fashion which characterised his movements generally. r: : The dotective, who had risen from his seat soon af tor tho conversation had assumed a confidential tono, took it, saying " You may be sure I'll not try. that on again, though it's not oasy to get out of a habit, once it beco:!ios socond nature." . " You're right there, old man," Mr. Brasfort s.aid, with a cool nod, as the. detective turned to go ; and tho customer who passed Mr. Culhane on his way out could certainly have formed no con , elusion from the expression of either face that -. the conversation just ended had been other than :"of the most common-place character. , r< . - : ^ " Dr. Flood has not been in the habit of getting hts medicines dispensed at Brasforf s, I fancy. It would be a little out of the way for him, I should ^ think," Dr. Dalesford said to Hester, as the carriage proceeded homeward. " I think not. I never heard him mention the name. As far as I know, we never got a pre scription made up there," Hester replied; and thoa, after a little hesitation, added, " did you notice, Dr. Dalesford, that he looked at me very hard ? As. if he were trying to rec< llect whether he had ever known me. Or perhaps it would be better to say, as if he thought he had met me before, and was trying to recollect where." "Yes, I did notice that. It seemed a rather carions coincidence, after the occurrence with the young man we saw on our way up the street. You didn't recognise him, I thought ?" "No, not in the least. I don't think I was ever in his shop. And he has such a peculiar face that I think I would not have forgotten it if I had ever seen him, even casually." "I sunpose you didn't recognise his voice, either?"" "No, I have no more recollection: of having «ver heard that, than I have of ever l aving seen bis face," Hester said, and there was certainly no trace of either doubt or hesitation in her tone. " Ah, then the probability is that he has seen you somewhere, perhaps with Dr. Flood, and recognised you again. I don't think it is a matter over whioh you need trouble," Dr. Dales ford said. ' " It was troubling me, I suppose because it happened so soon after the other gentleman's attempt to claim acquaintance with me-but I'm ¡glad you think there is no occasion for it to do so. It seems to me that a very little matter serves to -make me uneasy, since I have been subject to fancies. I think if I could quito understand how I came to have them-the fancies, I mean i I should not feel so troubled. I never was at all fanciful, as a girl. As far back as I can recollect 11 don't remember ever feeling afraid of the dark, 'or of the ghosts, as some children are; I could not, in anyway, have been called a nervous child, and I have never been in the least superstitious." "I can well believe that, Miss Wrayburn. I should fancy you were what might be called a ;healthy-natured child, and as you grew up I should think there was not much change in that respect. Even now I don't think your ^nature has suffered any change. Your nervous system only has been affected, I feel sure." "I am glad to hear you say that. I hope it is the case-though at times I have fancied. I had I changed very much-that I was different in every way. I can only describe the feeling by saying that I seemed to have exchanged myself for some one else-or rather that I had lost myself, and had found some one else." "I think I can understand the feeling. I don't say it is a very common one. In fact the experience you have come through is not alto gether an every day one. Still, it's not so un common that you need feel greatly troubled about it, especially now that it may be looked upon as at an end." " Do you think it really is at an end ?" "Yes, I do, most certainly. You may feel some of the effects of it for some timo to como. But I don't think you will ever again be troubled by the fancies you have been subject to. At the same time, in order to make quite sure on that point I should be glad if you would write out at your leisure a detailed account of how you first were troubled by them, and especially when and under what circumstances you first had them in the day time." "I will try to'do that," Hester said ; and then the conversation which had continued at intervals until they, were near home, came to an.end.., ¡. - , 