There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in our philosophy. -SHAKESPEARE. fEW people who have seen, read, and thought much but have known some circumstance or chain of events for which they could not account by any ordinary reasoning, and which, with the dread of owning to superstitious belief, they ha.ve hid down deep in the innermost recesses of their hearts, and never brought the matter to light except in some moment of confidence, when it has been called forth. Frequently it may be observed that some group of people will be gathered together, matter-of-fact individuals, who seem with- out a spice of romance or superstition in their compositions, and yet let one relate some event or adventure in which there is a trace of the ghostly element, and scarcely one of the company but will have some strange, weird tale to tell which has a mys- terious, supernatural circumstance in it, and the narrators will, each and everyone of them, disavow all belief in ghosts or presenti- ments, and yet look and tone confess a faith they are ashamed to own in words. I must preface my little tale by saying that I have never seen a ghost, and, as far as I know, the best authenticated ghostly history will not bear the light of investiga- tion, and yet I do believe, with Hamlet, in the strange things of heaven and earth.. Never shall I forget the intense, eager look and wistful little face of Eva Merton. Nine summers had but barely gone over her head, and yet she had all the quietness of mature years. She gave the impression of slumbering energy. One of a large family, she was as alone as if on a desert island. Her sisters and brothers neither cared for her nor under- stood her. The servants shrank from her as from something uncanny,- and even her loving, amiable mother used to wish 'that Eva was more like the others, and less strange and quiet.' She was small for her age, and extremely slight and fragile ; her large hazel eyes seemed out of proportion to her small face, of which the forehead was by far the largest half, and under its transparent skin the large blue veins could be plainly traced. A phrenologist would have said that the organs of wonder, veneration, and concentration were too largely developed ; and a physician that the little girl required to be braced bodily and her intellect to be left fallow until years should give her greater strength As it was, the child received the same tui- tion and treatment as the rest of the family making giant strides, and becoming pre copious in all branches of study, and fai outstripping her duller companions. The. servants had Btrange tales to tell o: her, and declared that she was a witch, an< had frequently told them where lost anc hidden things were, and could declare wher< they had been, though she could not pos sibly have known had she not been ! witch. The children had a fa- vourite cat, which was constantly bringing upon its head the dire ven- geance of the cook. One day, whilst in school with their governess, the cat, who had been lying on the governess's dress, as these luxurious animals love to do, disappeared, and shortly returned, mewing piteously and dripping with water. Loud were the exclama- tions of the children, and great their cries of wrath at the ill-treat- ment of their favourite. 'Who can have done it ?.' exclaimed Miss Mor- ris, the governess. ' Kate, the cook,' re- plied Eva in a constrained voice, as if the words were dragged out of her. ' Pussy stole a piece of meat, and . Kate threw her into a tub of water.' ' How do you know, Eva ?' was Miss Morris's reply, ' the cat was here just now, dry, and warm, and since she left the room you have not left your seat.' ' I saw her,' said Eva, still in the same voice and with the same far away look. Miss Morris was very much displeased : any thing like falsehood invariably involved punishment, heavy and dire. The children were questioned as to whether Eva had left the room since the cat had, but one and all declared she had not. As for Eva, she gave but the same answer, and no cross-question- ing could shake her testimony. The strange part of it was, that Miss Morris, on questioning the cook, found that it was quite true, and the ducking of the cat had taken place exactly as the child had stated. 1 Sure,' said Kate, ' me loife's fairly worritted out of me wid that self same cat, and whin I saw her stale the mate, I just lost me timper wid the baste and chucked her into a tub of wather. But I'll take my oath on the Prayer Book that Miss Eva warn't a near me-not bodily, I mane, for I wouldn't go bail that her sperrit weren't by ; sure, she's an awesome child.' Some time after this there was a great day in Sydney amongst the working classes ; the ' eight-hour movement ' was creating a great stir, and meetings were held and speeches made. At length a grand proces- sion passed through the streets', with ban- ners flying and flags waving, schools of children marched along, dressed in their best and radiant with importance, they paraded the principal streets, and then pro- ceeded in steamers to one of the favourite resorts in the harbour, where the party were regaled with tea, buns, and various other edibles. This démonstration excited great interest amongst the children of the Merton family, and being a holiday, they Avere all gathered in the large nursery overlooking the street, where they had full view of the procession. The room they were in was a large one on the top of the house, with three windows facing the street, at one of these Eva stood, taking no notice of the iiursegirl or her brothers, and sisters, and not speaking a word; the girl and the other children'were at the remaining two windows, leaving Eva to herself, as she generally was left. The pageant passed by, until at length only the distant roll of the drums of the bands was heard,.but Eva still remained at the window, as if in a trance ; the other children ran off to their play out of doors, and the girl to put the baby to sleep ; not even to the midday meal did the child come, and Maria, the maid, said as she didn't choose to come when she heard the bell, she needn't, and nothing was seen of the child till tea time, when she came looking pale and tired, and was silent as usual. Since the cat episode Eva had been sent to a day school, though the other children were taught at home, partly because she was so much in advance of the others, and partly with the hope that association with other children would get her out of her queer ways. One girl only amongst her companions did she care to be with, and that was a poor child afflicted with hip disease, and whose calamity made romping with the healthy and strong impossible, as Eva's mental peculiarities made play dis- tasteful to her. The day following the procession the two children, during playhour, were together in a favourite corner, and Eva commenced telling her crippled friend of the procession of the day before, saying that she was at it, and expatiating largely and minutely upon all she had done and seen, of the flag she had carried, the tunes the band had played, the trip on the steamer-so crowded with pleasure-seeking passengers-of the games in the gardens *hey had visited, and the refreshments they had had. All was narrated with the minutige and eloquence of an eye-witness, and several schoolmates gathered round to hear what was going on, and various were the remarks and exclama- tions that the affair called forth, for the school was an aristocratic establishment and nothing so plebeian as a trades' proces- sion should have come between the wind and its nobility. Mrs. McAlpine, the teacher, heard with surprise and incredulity that Eva Merton had been one of the children in the proces- sion of the day before, and she promptly called Eva up and put her through a course of examination, but nothing could shake the child's testimony, and after school Mrs. McAlpine detained Eva so as to walk home with her and to remonstrate with Mrs. Merton upon her very singular conduct in allowing the child to attend a demonstration of that kind. ' Why,'thought the lady, 'it would ruin my school completely if such a thing got abroad, so select as I have always kept it too, refusing otherwise eligible pupils because their fathers were in trade, and now to have had one of my best scholars actually taking part in a vulgar procession and merrymaking of the lower classes-it makes me shudder'-and she shuddered accordingly. When the Merton's house was reached Eva stole off to put her books away, while Mrs. McAlpine was shown into the drawing room. Mrs. Merton soon joined her, and after a few commonplace remarks between the two ladies, Mrs. McAlpine drew herself up and prepared to do her duty, unpleasant though it was. My dear Mrs. Merton,' she began, her Roman nose looking more arched than ever and her lips straight and firm, ' I have hitherto considered it an honor to have your daughter Eva in my establishment for young ladies, and I regret exceedingly that my duty to my other pupils and their parents compels me to request her re- moval.. After what took place yesterday her companions would never look upon her as an equal.' Mrs. Merton had flushed and paled during this speech, delivered with all the precision which ladies accustomed to tuiticn acquire. She answered hurriedly and rather angrily : ' What happened yesterday ? and what has my poor child done to render her an unfit associate for her schoolfellows ?' ' Madam,' said Mrs. McAlpine, ' I do not presume to question your right to let your children go where you please or with whom you please, I merely speak in my own behalf and in my desire and intention to keep my establishment for young ladies strictly select. Therefore I object to my pupils marching through the streets to the sound of fifes and drums, and waving banners, and then proceeding to a vulgar resort, and being regaled with tea and buns, amongst a crowd of people composed entirely of the working classes.' Mrs. Merton had recovered her serenity, and mildly, yet with a puzzled air, asked : ' But what has all this to do with my Eva?' ' Simply this,' was the reply, ' Eva went with that procession, and spent the day with those low people,'and Mrs. McAlpine raised her aristocratic nose in scorn. ' Eva !' said Mrs. Merton, ' With the pro- cession! At their picnic! Impossible! Erom whom can you have heard anything so wildly impossible ?' ' Prom Eva's own lips,' said her teacher ' And whether with your consent or not, the child was there, for I looked in the papei after I had heard of her presence, and hei account tallies exactly with the description there given, though Eva goes more inte detail than the newspaper reporter. ] suppose she could not have read the account and made up the story of her having formed one of the excursionists ?' * Certainly not, the paper did not eomt until after she had started for school. The child could not have been present, and whal could have induced her to tell such a false- hood is more than I can imagine. I wil question her, and if she persists ii her falsehood, I will severely punish her.' Mrs. Merton rang the bell, and on the servant answering, desired Eva to be sent to her. The child quickly appeared, and the mother, flushed and angry, demanded : ' What made you tell Mrs. Mc Alpine and your schoolfellows that you went with the procession yesterday, and stayed with those people?' : ' Because I did go, mamma,' said Eva, simply, and with such a truthful air and manner that her mother and preceptress were startled. ' But why did you go ? Whom did you go with ? What put such a thing into your head?' eagerly queried her mother. But to each question Eva only shook her head, and murmured : ' I don't know, but I was there.' The bell was again rung, and Maria and the other children were questioned. Maria declared with tears ' I never lost sight of Miss Heva all the while the procession was passin', she was at one window all alone by herself, and never said no think to nobody, and me and the other children was at fche two others. They would cheer and wave their handkerchiefs when the school-children passed, and as I couldn't stop them I cheered and waved too ; but Miss Heva never spoke nor moved, but just stood there like a statter. I'm certing sure she never went out of the room, 'cos we stayed a'lookin' out till we could'nt hear the sound of the drums no longer, and when I went downstairs Miss Heva was still a'standin' there, and looking out with that queer look of hers. I didn't see her no more till tea time, 'cos she never come to her dinner, but I didn't think nothing of that, 'cos she don't eat more'na bird, and arf the time Bhe comes she don't QO.+; n nfcTn Tl or ' Every domestic and child in the house was questioned, but one and all declared they knew nothing about it, and they didn't believe she was there. Only the cook, a8 she went to her own domains again, whispered to the housemaid : 'I shouldn't wonder if that child was there in the spirit, she's an awful child, and if it wasn't that the wages and the vittles is good, I'd give Misses warning this verr day." During all the evidence that was given Eva had stood as if she neither heard nor heeded. Mrs. Merton now turned towards her, a red flush on her cheek, and anger glittering in her bright dark eyes. ' Now, Eva, you wicked girl, what excuse have you to make for your abominable false- hoods ? Now say, if you dare, that you walked with that procession.' * Oh, mamma !' said Eva, tears coming into her large eyes, ' don't be angry with me, but I did go.' 'Tell me this instant,' paid the angry mother, ' with whom you went, or own to your falsehood, or I shall punish you as I never thought to punish a child of mine.' Eva trembled, for her weak, tender frame shrank from the threatened punishment. ' Mamma, mamma !' she said, ' don't beat me. I was looking out of the window of the nursery, and wishing ever so much I could be with the people, when in a minute I found myself in the street, with a little red flag in my hand, and hurrying along with the band with a lot of other children, and I saw all I said I did. Do believe me!' But Mrs. Merton became more and more angiy as Eva persisted in her tale, and said: ' Own to your falsehood, or take your nunishment.' ' Oh, mother !' said the trembling chi ' don't make me tell a lie. I did go.' Mrs. McAlpine, who had been witness the whole scene, shrugged her shoulders ai said : ' I am very sorry, Mrs. Merton, th you should have had this trouble with yoi daughter. For me, I must of course refus to receive her again among young who have neither such plebeian tastes o such a talent for lying. I incline to thin! that she was there, and is shielding th domestic . who took her ; but, in any case, a little salutary punishment will not come amiss.' Mrs. Merton, still angry and indignant, flogged Eva most unmercifully, and then wept herself ill with remorse; andlfrawas sent to Coventry, and not allowed for a week to share the studies, meals, or amuse- ments of the rest of the family. The child pined and wasted ; an inward fever seemed to consume her. Her eyes became glassy, and the colour on her thin cheeks had a hectic glow. Measles-that dreaded foe in the family came upon the household of the Mertons, and one after another were laid low with it. Eva alone seemed unscathed, and her noise, less step and gentle hand did much gooc service. Mrs. Merton's time and attention were demanded principally by her babe, a wailing, feeble infant of some six months, From its birth Eva had attached herself most devotedly to it, loving'it with an intensity she had shown for nothing else before. The ailing children all began to recover except the babe, and, as the others got well, Era became sick. She did not complain, but took to her bed, and went through all the miseries of the illness, raging with delirium one time, and then prostrate with a weakness that had horrors of its own. Through all her fever her one cry was for her darling little sister-her precious baby. She begged to see it, to kiss it. "While she had been suffering the babe had pined and wasted until its little spirit had flown, leaving the frail, wasted form j tenantless. The child was left in its bassi nette until it should be placed in its little coffin. Eva appeared to be sleeping, and the nurse who had been watching her stole away to the servants' domains, there to re- fresh herself after her weary hours of nurs- ing. Eva awoke, and, finding herself alone, she rose from her bed and, weak and worn as she was, left the room, and with the strength fever gives, hurried along, white robed and barefoot, until she reached her mother's room ; and saw the baby's cradle, with its little inmate like a waxen image, in the quiet beauty that death gives to infants. The child bent over the babe, sleeping that dreamless slumber that knows no waking, and kissed and crooned over it, endeavoring to chafe the little ice- cold hands and produce an answering warmth, calling it pet names, and finally, as she met no response, lifting the babe from out its little bed, and carrying it into her own chamber, there gathering it to her as if to re-animate its chilled and stiffened limbs. "What thoughts were in her mind it is hard to surmise. So quiet had been her movements that the nurse, who had been in the room with the dead baby, and who had fallen into a slight slumber, was not aroused ; but afterwards she thought that in her dreams she had heard Eva's voice mingled with the kisses and endearments. The nurse returned and hurried to Eva's bedside, there to find her so calm, so still, with a look of ineffable beauty and sweet- ness upon her face, and her arm encircling the dead babe. There was the one look upon the faces of both - the expression that comes but once. Eva's spirit had fled from its earthly tenement, and had gone to join those that were more congenial, and with whom the little girl had seemed more akin. Various rumours were afloat amongst the domestics relative to finding the dead babe ?and Eva together, and not one amongst them believed the simple solution of the mystery-that the child had, under the in- fluence of fever, risen from her bed and carried the infant to where it was found j they rather, with the superstition of ignorant minds, clung to the idea that after death her spirit had done what the child longed to do, and had placed the two dead bodies to- gether. " She and the babe were buried together, and a grave, bedecked with flowers and watered by tears marked their resting place. And those wTho judged her harshly in her life think more wisely and kindly of her now. The little, loving, eager spirit was not fitted to buffet with this rough world, and a Avise and loving Eather gathered the little tender blossom to bloom in a fairer garden, and where she would have a "new and better name than the ' Witch Child.' 