JEZEBEL'S FRIENDS. BY DORA RUSSELL. A' t'i' i' of 'Footprints in the Snow,' 'The Broken >ea'.' 'The Track of the fctorm.' 'The Silent "WUeherV etc. Chapter I. — Hidden. It wns a null, dark night : eo dark that the tall eliiis round Headfort's sea- pent bay seemed hut iik'! dusky shadows in the murky air. A storm v.'us brooding overhead, men said. and the wiso ones had all hastened to tie shelter of their rooftrees. But, heed less of the gloom, a woman, carrying what to her jinpeared to be a heavy burden, was hurrying, about eleven o'clock, down the steep and narrow pathway which led from the rocks to the shore. She went with bent head and crouching gait, as those who go in stealth and secret ; "f h.mkful to have left the lights of the village behind her, and believing that no one hadsL-eu her pass through it on her dangerous errar.d. It h.d rained heavily during the evening, and the big drops pattering on the pavement had cleared t heold-f ashioned and irregular 6treet through which she had twen forced to go on her way to the eea. Sue iooxed up to the d.irk-iing sky more than once as she went on, nnd the lowering clouds seemed to her like welcome frit-iiU. They would drive any loiterers indoors, she thought and taveherirom prying or suspicious eyes. The bo\tmen in the bay she knew, by this time, would be all gone, and the boats high and dry upon the sand. She would eooii reach it, and if she met no one as she went, the chances were she would certainly find no one t he re. And she encountered not a living soqL The tide was sweeping slowly in, hut so deep was the glo'.Rii that she could only hear, not see, the wave? break when she got to the shore. Keep ing close to the foot of the cliffs, she now almost ran until she came near the centre of the wide circular bay, and then jiaused to breathe. Once more she looked up to the sky and then around, peering anxiously into the darkne- s ; and having satisfied herself that no one w;,.s near, she hastily laid down the burden which bm-uen long box, rolled and swathed in a woman's black gown. 'To rail ix.x was tied a small spade, the string o? which, her trembling fingers now unfastened. With this spade she began digging vigorously ia the sand. Unused to toil, her little hands yet griped the implement with a strong and nervous grasp. She worked more like a man than a slender girl, so powerful was the im petus oi her will, so intense her desire to end the bitter task she had "begun. »Sudds-nly a vivid flash of lightning gleamed across the sky, and for an instant lit up the strange scene. Then a loud peal of thunder hroke overhead, and the girl stopped in momentary terror and crouched down. The storm had begun in earnest, and heavy rain commenced to fall. Another flash, another peal, and with a sort of desperation the girl once more raised her head, and forced herself to begin her work anew. Digging deep in the shifting sand, the lightning now showing the Harrow trench and glinting on the steel of the spade, on she toiled. Her brow was wet with dew, her face white with terror, but her hands and feet failed her not. Behind- her the sullen waves came creeping nearer, but she did Hot turn to look. She had hut one thought : to bury her burden deep enough, that it might fit! hidden until the sea gave up its dead, and the secrets of all hearts were bare. Would it do now, she asked herself, looking down into the hollow she had made. Not yet, find again ghe began to throw np the sand. t was half an hour and more before she was satisfied with the depth of the pit which she had dug. When this was so, with a .kind of shudder she again, lifted the black-covered box, nud carried it to the edge of the grave-like trench ; and, after a moment's pause, after something between a gasp and a sigh had passed her pale lips, she lowered it down into fhe hole, and began hastily to cover it up, pausing not until the sand above it was level With the rest. She knelt down nnd with her hands flattened ft, the gleaming lights darting athwart the one second showing her figure plainly, and the next vanishing away. Then the fight above grew fiercer; the storm clouds warring wrath, and the lightning leaping out in. its wild play. A moment later nnd the world seemed ablaze. In an instant the girl, kneeling on the sand, with her face now turned towards the' sea, saw as in a, vast panorama the whole scene around her ; ,tha brown, shaggy rocks towering aloft ; the patches of verdure between their crests ; the rents and rifts on the huge blocks. The next all was darkness, and a crash so ? i ? 60 that the earth seemed to shake, fell on the listener's appalled ears, who uttered a cry of terror and covered her face. Then she sprang to her feet, and overwhelmed with fear, fled homewards. - On, on, stumbling, terrified, she went ; on, until she reached the steep path cut through the rocks, by which she had descended, to the sands. This path was precipitous, almost dangerous, on a night lilrp. tms, the rain pouring down in torrents over the slippery steps. But the woman, whose feet i were winged with fear, never paused on her way. After the first flight of steps there was a level space, and then steps again, and so cn to the head of the cliffs. And just as she reached tlis topmost flight another blinding flash of ligntning showed plainly everything , around. It showed this girl, rain-drenched, white-faced, with rigid features and wide open terrified eyes, to a man wrapped in a military cloak, who was walking leisurely, considering the weather, along the path at the head of the clifis. He was_ smoking a cigar, carrying an open umbrella in his hand, and looking as cool and calm as if the sky had been star-lit. But when his eyes fell cn the face of the girl as she ascended the steps, the lightning fox an instant disclosed hc-r features and figure so distinctly, I he visibly started; his expression suddenly changed ; he flung away his cigar, and some- ; tlung like a muttered, curse broke from b-Is lips. ' Ruth Forth ! it cannot he — and yet it was !' He said these words, in a sort of hissing whisper, as if he could not believe the evidence of his own senses. Then he began hastily to follow the flying figure of the girl before Hm. She had seen him, but not recognised him, as he was a few yards apart from her just as her feet had mounted the last step, and the umbrella was partly over his face. But she saw someone, and this fact made her hasten on. even faster than before. Along the cliff path she ran at topmost speed, and behind her the man also nearly ran; but he did not wish to overtake her, simply to watch where she went, so that Ms suspicions might be set at rest or con firmed. She ran to the end of the walk, and then turned into the village Headfort. This was an old-fashioned, straggling place, with barracks built close on the coast, and from the fort, as it was called, the name of the village was sup- i posed to be derived. One long "wide street occupied its midst, on either side of which the principal inhabitants lived. The houses were alike irregular in size and architecture. Here a substantial red brick family mansion, with iron railings ia front and a large garden at the back; there (next door, perhaps) a mere, cottage. But the dwellers in mansion and cottage were equally nowhere to be seen, as the girl fled on up the street. The rain was now literally descending in torrents, and the darkness, except when it lightened, was very great. The lamps were few and far between, and grew even wider apart towards the end of the street furthest from the sea, but still the man behind never lost sight of the woman in front. At last she stopped, where he had expected— feared that she would stop; before a little house in a garden, built back from the roadway. She opened the latch of the wooden gate, and he watched her go cautiously in, and disappear amid the wet evergreens. She did not go to the front door of the house, but evidently in tended to enter at the back, and the man watching her saw all this with a feeling of intense anger and astonishment in Ms heart. If it had been the other one,' he was thinking, as he leaned a moment or two on the gate. I should not have wondered much — but Ruth — confound it, what canshe have been after ? But I'll be at the bottom of tMs esca pade — Bhe came up by the steps from the bay — I'll go down and try to see who she has been meeting there, for I suppose thero must be some one. Ah! what trust can you have in them?' And he gave a bitter smile and shrugged his shoulders and turned away, retracing his steps down the street ; then instead of entering the barrack gate, which had. been his original intention, he once more lit a cigar and again proceeded along the path at the head of the cuffs, but this time by no means leisurely. In the meantime the girl had stolennoiselessly into the hack door of the little house in the garden, which she found unlocked. Then she crept through the kitchen (a grey cat rising and purring a welcome as she did this), and having left the kitchen, she cautiously ascended the narrow staircase, at the head of which stood a beautiful woman in a white wrapper watching her, and holding a candle to light her on. her way. They looked at each other, these two; but neither spoke. There was intense excitement depicted on the face of the beautiful woman at the head of the stairs, and she eagerly scanned the slender, cloaked form of the girL Then she breathed a sort of sigh of relief, and turned back, still without a word, into the bedroom, from which she had only emerged when she heard the light footstep she had watched and for» The girl followed her, and then sank down on the side of the bed like one whose strength is utterly spent. The woman saw this, and hastily shut the room door and took off the drenched cloak, and poured out some brandy which she had standing in readiness in a glass, arid held it to the girl's white lips. _ _ At first she seemed too much exhausted even to swallow the restorative, but at last she did eo with one -or two deep drawn Bighs, Then she lifted -hoc head and looked into the other's face, with eyes still full of fear. But — it is safe, is it riot?' whispered the. woman, seeing this expression with a sudden pang of dread. " Yes,' faltered the girl ; 4 no one saw me— but oh ! Frances, Frances, I would rather have died than have done what I did to- night ! ' Hush, hush,' said the woman shenad called Frances; 'it is done and over now. Don't give way , Ruth, for Heaven's sake ; don't give wayjaow after all we have gone through 1' 'No,' and the girl caught up the coverlet of the bed and put it over her mouth to stifle the choking and hysterical sobs that seemed to rend her throat; but it was so dreadful — the light ning, and the storm — I thought the end of the world had come, Frances — yet I went on !' No fear of the end of the world coming, my dear,' answered the other, more lightly; 'it was a bad storm, but it would keep prying eyes away, so perhaps we ought to be thankful. I hope you won't get cold, though ; get off your wet boots at once, Ruth, and have 6ome more brandy, and go to bed.' But the girl refused any more brandy. She rose feebly and began to "cut the laces of her soaked boots, and unfastened her wet and clinging gown. She was a young woman with a fair face, though the rain liad beaten on it, and she was faint and worn. A tall, slender young woman, with a shapely head and throat, and white neck and arms," Not beautiful, like the one standing beside her, though ; at least not beautiful 111 such grand outlines and vivid colouring. But there was still a likeness "be tween them, the likeness of the rose and the half-opened bud. They were sisters, hut Frances Forth was five years older than Ruth, and fully looked it. One was a splendid woman, the other a prettv girl. Suddenly Ruth gave a half cry and sprang to her feet, while a look of absolute consternation passed over her expressivo face. ' The spade, Frances !' she whispered ; 'I've left it behind— in my terror I forgot it. Oh ! what shall we do ?' 4 How could you be so mad ? But it ean't he helped. You can't go back now, and, after all, it does not matter much, for the sea will likely have swept ifr away before morning, as the tide was coming in ; and even if it hasn't, who could identify a common little spade ?' The younger sister made no answer. She drew her lips tightly together, and forced back some words she knew would but add to her sister's anxiety. But long after Frances Forth had left her, she lay awake, pale arid trembling, thinking of the forgotten spade. How could I, how could I ?' she moaned, in bitter self-reproach, tossing uneasily on her bed. And it may be traced — poor Francos does not know ; if it is, it will kill me, I think. I could but die.' Chapter II. — Coloxel Forth. The morning was fine after the storm ; one of those blue-skied bright mornings when the air is fresh sad exhilarating, and the still wet leaves glisten in the sua. And at eight o'clock precisely Colonel Forth, the occupier of the little house in the garden in Headforts, High street, and the father of Frances and Ruth Forth, descended to the diningroom, frowned severely when he found that breakfast was not as ready for Mm as he was for break- fast. It was a neat small room, in wMch the irate Colonel seated himself, looking extremely injured, and glancing angrily at the almost empty table ; a room in which there were many evidences of a woman's taste and skill scattered around. But the breadfast-table, it must be admitted, did not look particularly inviting. The cloth was soiled, the knives and forks irre gularly laid, and the bread- plate unevenly placed opposite the scanty remnants of a ham. 4 Where are the girls,' thought the Colonel, indignantly. Absurd that girls can't be down at eight to see after things, instead of leaving them to that useless slut they've got now. Utterly absurd I ' And he rose and rang . the bell violently, and a few minutes later a rather frightened-looking young woman put her not over cleaiV face in at the open door. 4 Are the young ladies not ready yet, Sasanr' asked the Colonel, . sharply. . 4 Go and rap at Miss Ruth's door, and tell her I'm waiting for breakfast.' Susan vanished to obey his behest, and the Colonel returned to his seat, wondering what was the use of daughters. 4 They are nothing but an expense, that's the truth,' ha reflected, sourly ; 4 boys are some use, and can make their way in the world ; but just look at Frances, she's five-and-twenty and still unmarried, and has cost me a fortune, absolutely a fortune ; and with her good looks she ought to have done something by thin time, butshe hasn't.' He was a cross-grained man, and always had some pet ill-chance to groan over. He had only retired from the service some six months ago, and had done so with much bitterness -of spirit. _ But he had been obliged to go, as his tone was up, and he believed he had been an irreparable loss to Ms regiment — the regiment, however, taking a somewhat opposite view. However, he had to leave, and he thought it a great hardship; and had now grumbled about it over a year; six months before he retired, and six months after.' 4 A man in the prime of life,' he said many a time to his family and friends, and thought many a time as he looked at his own visage in the glass. This visage was not handsome, going by the ordinary standards of humanity. He was a red-faced mnn, with large features, and small, grey-green, irascible eyes, with very light eye-lashes and shaggy brows. He had been reddish-haired, but the colour was, in his fiftieth year, fast fading into grey. And he looked so thoroughly ill-tempered that people said Colonel Forth never had a good word for anyone, and people, as a rule, cer tainly returned the compliment. He was a widower with two daughters, and his marriage had been a mistake. - He had married a handsome girl for her beauty, and her beauty had soon waned, and the poor woman had nothing left to fall hack upon, for shehad neither mental nor monetary attractions, and- the Colonel felt that he had thrown Mmself away, and was not above broadly hinting this to jhis wife. Perhaps she took his insinuations to heart; but she died early, and then Colonel Forth grumbled at her loss. How was he to-bring up Ha two. girls ? he said, and in truth he was not a fit person to do so. They had gone about with the regiment and picked up some sort of education and Frances Forth had had many lovers, but, as her father often thought, had thrown away her opportunities, and at twenty-five, when he had been obliged to retire from active service, she was still unmarried. She lacked (it was said) a certain quality, wlfich. is to a fair woman as the setting to the gem. Be this as it may, her beauty was undeniable, and in his secret heart. Colonel Forth was proud of his fair daughters. But he railed at them, as he railed at all things, and no doubt also found them a heavy expense. When he had to seek a settled home for them after he left the regiment, he fixed on Headfort fur one reason because he had an old acquaintance living in the neighbourhood, for anotherthe houses were cheap there, and for a tMrd the place possessed a fort and a small garrison. He had been a soldier all Ms life, and he felt that neither he nor the girls could exist without the familiar sights and sounds. But he found it dull, very dull. Accustomed to active work, a strict officer, and a man who went into the smallest details about overytMng, he did not know what to do with liis time in this quiet place. 4 A confounded gossiping place, too,' the Colonel designated Headfort, before he had been there a couple of months. The Forfeits were indeed naturally much talked of ; the girls were handsome, and there were other girls who were ready to Mng a stone at their new neighbours, and wonder what people saw in them to admire. 4 But than the old Colonel is always running after the men, and asMng them to the house,' they would say ; and they tons accounted for the fact that the officers of the garrison were very frequently to he seen in Miss Forth's pretty drawingroom, though Miss Billiard, the banker's daughter, wondered how they could contrive to turn round in it. But Mis3 Hiiiiard lived in one of the big houses of HQadfort, and natur ally looked down on the dimensions of Colonel Forth's small one. But in the meanwhile Susan, the young housemaid of the establishment, having, by the Colonel's command, rapped at Miss Ruth's door, now returned to the diningroom where her master sat fuming., 4 Oh, please sir, Miss Ruth said I was to say she would be down directly, but she had been so put about by the thunder; and. please, sir, she sent the key, and said you were to make tea, and not to wait. 4 To wait ! No, I should think not. Con found it,' roared the Colonel, his red face turn ing to a vermilion tint as he snatched the key of the tea caddy from Susan's hand ; and while he was proceeding to make tea for himself, Ms youngest daughter walked into the room in a wMte dressing-gown, with her soft, pretty light- brown hair rolled up in a somewhat disorderly knot at the top of her head. 4 1 am sorry I am late, father,' she said, in a sweet, low-toned voice ; 4 but the storm last night frightened me so.' 4 Absurd ! Why should the storm frighten you ? Ruth, is there no bacon, or eggs, or some- tMag fit to eat; or ami expected to breakfast on dry bread ?' 4 1 will see about it,' answered Ruth, and she went into the kitchen to order her father's breakfast, and after a little while the Colonel was able to appease his appetite ; pausing once or twice while doing so, however, to look dis approvingly on the pretty face opposite to him. 4 What's the matter with you, Ruth, this morning ?' he presently asked sharply, still eyeing his daughter. 4 You look as if you'd seen a ghost or something, I declare you do ! You are a pretty washed out-looking creature.' 4 The storm was so dreedful,' said Ruth, while a deep wave of colour stole to the white face her father was finding fault with. The storm! Fiddle-de-dee! What harm could the storm do you ? It's cleared the air, and a very good thing, too; I declare, you girls are no better than cowards.' 4 1 am always afraid— I cannot help it. You got it from your poor mother, I believe ; she was one of those nervous, ridiculous women who are afraid of everything. Was Frances afraid, too ?' 4 Yes, lam going to - take her breakfast up now. 4 Absurd, girls lying in bed to breakfast, utterly absurd. I like to see girls come down to breakfast inneatmorning gowns, and not bed gown like that white thing you have on.' 4 Well, I'm generally dressed, father ; but I am late this morning.' 4 Late, I should think so,' and the Colonel, looked at his watch. 4 By-the-bye, Ruth, I saw Seaforth last night in the billiardroom, and he said he wasgomg to call this morning about you and Frances driving over with him to Studley to-morrow, so I asked him to lunch; therefore you had better see about ordering something decent, and get off that bedraggled article you are wearing.' Again Ruth blushed deeply, but this timn she made nio answer. Nevertheless she at once obeyed her father's orders. -She went up stairs and told her sister, who was still in bed, that Mr. Seaforth was coming to lunch; and they consulted together what would be suitable for that repast. Then Ruth changed her dressing-gown for a pale-blue morning gown, and presently went into the garden, ami began cutting some flowers from the dashed rose bushes and geraniums. They were still wet, and the bright flower- leaves lay thickly on the soaked earth ; and wMle she was doing this a young man in undress uniform rode past the railings in front, and on seeing Ruth in the garden, at once drew rein. 4 Good morning, Miss Ruth,' he said, in a pleasant cheery voice, 4 I'm coming in to lunch by-and-bye, d'ye know, the Colonel asked me.' 'I know,' answered Ruth, with a bright smfleandablush/aad «he carried her flowen close to the taffings. 4 What an awful storm we had last night, continued the young man on the horse, looking with" his smiling 'eyes at the girl's downcast face. 4 D'ye know I thought of you, M£bs . f Ruth, and wondered if you were in a fright ?' 4You might have been sure I was,' answered Ruth. - ; : 4 You told me you hated it, but you've got .. some very jolly flowers still— I wonder if you would spare one a rose ?' Ruth laughed, and her laugh was sweet and tow, like her voice. - 4 Hollo!' This was suddenly addressed fo a man dn a groom's dress, who was seen ap- ; proaching up the street at some distance. 4 Here's my servant, Miss Ruth. I say; d'ye think X might let Mm take my horse and come in now-instead of after ? It's awfully jolly in the garden here, and we can have a chat until the Colonel- arrives.' - 4 If you like, of course you -can come in, " answered Ruth ; and the young soldier at once ; dismounted and flung the reins of his horse to his groom, and, having opened the latch of the garden gate, was speedily walking by Ruth's side : among the wet lilac bushes and laurels wMch grew round Colonel Forth's little house. He had a good face, this Kenard Seaforth, : whom Colonel Forth had asked to take lunch with Ms daughters, and whom the gossips at Headfort said he would not object to nave for a son-in- law. A face, which though not absolutely handsome, impressed you favourably as to, its owner's character. His features were straight and Ms eyes smiling, honest, and clear. He had, moreover, a certain well-bred look, which is not easily assumed. He was tall, erect and slim, . and looked very happy as he walked by Ruth Forth's side, keeping somewhat unnecessarily close to her slender form. An only son of General Seaforth3 and senior lieutenant in the Regiment, two companies of which were stationed at Headfort, he was supposed to he fairly well off in this world's goods, and he was a very frequent guest at Colonel Forth's. Aud it was Ruth Forth, not the beautiful elder sister, whom he admired. 4 The splendid Frances,' he had one day con fided to Ms senior officer, Major Audley, who commanded at Headfort, 4 is not quite "to my > taste somehow ; Beaton raves about her; but1 then Beaton is a youngster.' , Major Audley shrugged his broad shoulders before he replied, aud laughed a hard short laugh. 4 Such women,' he said sententiously, 'are certain of victims among the old and very young.' - 4 The other sister is quite a different sort/, said Seaforth, quickly, The elder man looked at the younger one'i ingenuous face somewhat curiously. 4 Yes,' he said slowly, 4 she is now ; and ba turned away, leaving Seaforth feeling un- necessarily angry . Nevertheless, liis commanding officer's remark had no influence on Mm. He was a young man who formed his own judgment, and it would, have taken many of Major Audley's hard words to make him think ill of Ruth Forth. -These two seemed to understand each other, and they met with pleasure and parted with regret. There was a little arbour at one side of Colonel Forth's garaen-ra homely old-fashioned spot enough — round wMch toe lilac bushes and laburnums grew, and at Sea- forth's suggestion Ruth' now carried her flower basket there, and they sat down together, and talked light pleasant words, wMch yet to them were full of meaning. The dawn of love — th« rosy opening of toe oft bitter end— seems ever fresh and sweet,' as in the garden where it first began. They looked in each other's faces, and they smiled, "and ail the troubles of the world seemed far away. It was Seaforth Mmself who reminded Ruth that there were other things to do besides sitting in the green arbour aibne with Mm. He very innocently mentioned Colonel Forth's name, and this at once recalled to Ruth's mind her father's orders. Sha sprang to her feet, and took up her basket. 4 1 must go in, she said, 4 and see after soma little household affairs; and toe flowers wank putting right on the table. 4 May Ihelp you?' asked Seaforth, smfliiig; but Ruth shook her head. 4 No, you stay here,' she said, 4 and smoke if you like. I shall not be long";' and with, a little nod she went away; and Seaforth, having lit a cigarette, Bat still thinking of her, with his eyes fixed vaguely on a white cloud sailing over thff blue sky. What a sweet girl site was, he reflected; a girl who would help to keep a man straight, sad pull him up, not dra» him down as they Went together hand-in-hand along the often danger ous paths of life, It will be seen from tMstoai Mr. Seaforth was seriously thinking of adding _ Ruth Forth to be Ms campamon through toe doubtful, strange, and devious ways we an musk tread. He had in truth almost settled to da this. He expected to get hia company and when he £did so he meant to f wVRyto to h8 his wife. Presently he rose, flung away Ms cigarette, aud strode towards a little tool-house, \toich stood a short distance from the arbour.. He entered this, and apparently began seeking for something among toe rusty rakes, and other gardening implements wMch were collected here. But he did not find what he was looking for ; and wMle he was doing this, Rnth, wito had arranged . the flowers on the table, and folded the table napkins in a to&tihd; fashion, returned to the garden, and gE a little pale and her breath short when shesaw Mr. Seaforth in the tool house, t - >1 He heard her step, and 4 " 4 Miss Ruth, I can't find' ' ' he said; I was going Ixx " " finishing carving your namo on it ; » yqu. know only got as far as toe44.Rutotune £v»a here. . Do you know -where :c _? -4 4 1— think I lent it to someoiwi, answered Ruth, with faltering lips and itewnteai tfeyeai; and Seaforto noticed her cvMtostoditMx wito great surprise. - ' t---: -- 4 Well it will cast ut> some day, ! suppose/ ha . . 1 ,, r -- said, still looking at her. Shall wego back to the arbour now ?' . „ And they went hack, but to ; ?te. 85.®', ehine seemed suddenly to - have turned chill, and she shivered slightly as slm sat. _ Were you out id the rain last night, Miss Ruth?' askedSeAf or th, kindly. 4 1 fear you have caught cold somehow. 4 No,' said Ruth, in a low tone; and she was thankful at this moment to perceive her father's scarlet visage over the railings approaching the garden gate ; and the Colonel also was not displeased to see his daughter sitting beside the young soldier. 4 Ah, Seaforth, is that you ?' he said, as he approached them, stretching out a lean red hand adorned with long light airs ; am I be hind my time, or are you before yours ?' And he looked at his watch. # I am before mine, I expect, sir,' answered Seaforth, with a quick blush. Ah, it'B all right, then. . Ruth will have been talking to you, I suppose ? Wdi( come in now ; you know your way to the diningroom. I'll be down in a minute ; I want to wash my hands.' yr, Seaforth knew his way to the drawing- loom, and speedily found himself talking to the Colona'S westHaixghtcr, Miss Frances Forth. She was, no doubt, a beautiful woman, whatever spiteful or envious people chose to say to the contrary. She was tall and fair, and her fofta was remarkable for its grand, full beauty. She had bright chesnut hair, a brilliant com plexion, and large, radiant, smiling, hazel eyes, which had haunted many a young man's dreams. She .was dressed in a deep-red tea gown, .elaborately, trimmed .with.; Indian, em - broidery, andhe held out her slim, white hand as Seaforth entered With a gracious smile; i So yob andRuth have been ruralising in the arbour ajnong - the caterpillars, and forgetting pobr meff she ealdj with a certain coquettish grace, which was part of her nature. f I aid nt»t -kndw you were downstairs. Is your oold better?' inquired Seaforth, some what bluntly.' 1 am half -dead still, 6he answered, with a pretty shrug; 'all the same, I am going to morrow to Colonel Kenyon's; and you are going to drive us there, are you not ?' Yes; I hope to have that honour. Audley wants to go with us too, ' he added, a moment later. Again Miss Forth shrugged her fine shoulders. We might dispense with Major Audley's company for my part,' she said, 4 unless my remark injures your feelings.' Oh 1 indeed it does not,' answered Seaforth, with a laugh. ' I did not know,' and Frances fixed her smiling eyes on the young man's face. I thought it might be a David and Jonathan kind of affair between you two— not that I quite believe, though, in the friendship of men.' At this moment Ruth entered the room, and a few moments later Colonel Forth appeared. 4 Now come along and let's have some lunch.' he said, wondering at the same moment if there would be anything 4 fit to eat.' But when the covers were raised and he perceived a roasted fowl, stewed mushrooms, besides various other pretty little dishes, he began to be afraid that his daughter had gone to un necessary expense. But at an events it was a pleasant meal, though Ruth Forth looked rather pale and was somewhat silent. But the bright, brilliant Frances kept laughing and talking, and it was impossible for anyone to feel dull in her com pany. At last Seaforth rose unwillingly to go, after asking Ruth if she would like a drive. No, not to- day, thanks,' she answered. 4 1 must try to keep myself fresh for to-morrow, and I think I have a little cold.' So the yotrnf man went away, and the Colonel accompanied him, and .then tfie girls looked at each other, and Ruth sank wearily down on a chair. . Thank goodness he's gone !' said Frances, with a yawn. I thought he was going to stay the whole afternoon. 4 1 don't think I can really go to-morrow, Frances,' said Ruth, in a low tone. 4 1 feel as if Twere going to be very ill.' _< My dear, you must keep up ; you must not be ill ; just think how much depends upon it V 4 Yes, I know, but ' 4 There must be no buts,' said Frances, en ergetically ; 4 we must both go to Colonel Ken yon's to-morrow,, and we must both look well ; I know I mean to do so if it is in the power of art to make me.' Ruth smiled feebly, 4 I will go and lie 'down then.' she said, and she left the room, dragging her aching limbs painfully upstairs, and flinging herself on her bed, when she got there, with a weary heavy righ. to be continued. 1 