Who or What can it be ? Sin.-I remember reading a few weeks ngo of a little girl in one of our colonies who was bewitched (whntever that may be), and of stones galore being showered upon the house wherein sho resided ; but I, on the prinoiple that all one reads of in news- papers must bo taken with a grain of salt-or, ns learned pen-orntors would say. oom grano salis-diA | not take much notice of it, nnd in common with other?, I pooh-poohed it. But I forward yon an i account of a similar case happening in my district at home, and the whole of tue '. actors " (with the ixception of the child) I know personally. Tho father of the child is a fervent methodist, a class t leader and local preacher, and a really straight- forward man. He is a parcel carrier, and has been ever nineo I can remember, and from my know- ledge of him, I believe would be tho last to imposo on anybody by doing the " ghost " businoss himsolf. The Canon Kingsbury is a Church of England clergyman of the dioceeo of Salisbury. Attending the synod at tho Cathedral of that city yearly, you will see that he tried to " lay " the ghostly invoca- tion, or in other words commanded tho " spirit to avaunt " in the name ol' the Father, Son and Ho y Ghost. The Wesleyan minister also triod his hand, but instead of avaunting, the spirit uncharitably knocked vioious encores on tho table. Solemn ' hymns and prayers were held, but his satanio majesty still holds the fort by latest accounts. The reporter of the Salisbury Times was als.j there and heard the same wrappings, and states his wonder nt them. I myself have always been sceptical of supernatural doings, but at this I am constrained to scratch my pate and murmur : well, I'm what's his name. The Superintendent of tho city police ÍB a tall, wiry, militury-looking mau, with black, bead-like eyes, set far into his head, tho terror of tho vaga- bonds in his district, and the only man ia the city force any good for thiof- catohing in the heart of London. The other superintendent, of the name of Stephens, knows every poacher gypsy and loafer in his circuit. When I say gypsy, 1 mean real and genuine Romany's, whosa ancestors since goodnees knows when, have been born and died either ia caravans or tents. There are hundreds of them, and to my knowledge, from events in my owa life, they can read (by what means I know noty,th« future. Of four individual«, myself amorfglft 'the I number, who by paying Od eaoh many years ago to oue of these gypsies to get our fortunes told, two were told they would nover die in their beds. They weresehoolteachers,andlaughcdatit. Nevertheless they got into disgrace, ran away and enlisted, and at this moment their bones are rotting in a soldier's grave in far away Zululand, One other would die in a work-house, and the fourth in a foreign laud. Neither of these last events have happened yet, as far as I know, at any rate the fourth one is yet alive, or you would not get this communication ; so I bite my thumb. (Seo Shakespeare). At any rate, I should soaroely think parsons and Press would lay their heads together to hatch a eon cern like this. I have had other papers respecting the " scare," but took no notice of it till now ; but the mention of names as given in this account ia proof of ita extraordinary nature. Any further communication I will send you aa soon as I get the papers, and you will Bee what it is if the investigators themselves can find ont. _PUZZLED. I The Roster.-The following ia the router for the Grafton Bench for December-3rd : Lewington, O'Keeffe, Smith. 6th : Lardner, Waterhouse, Rush. 10th : Samson, M'Kittriok, Hill. 13th : Beatson, Maurice, Lipman. 17th : See, Ryan, Donaldson. 20th : Hawthorne, Bawden, Page. 21th : James, Laycock,Campbell. 27th : Chapman, Neale, Jacobs, 31st : Lewington, O'Keeffe, Smith. A GIRL OF PROMISE.-Tho Baker City (Oregon, U.S.) Democrat says there ÍB a young girl in La . Grande who is destined to make her mark. Somo one gave her 5d one day. She bought a yard of calico, made it into a sun-bonnet and sold the bon- net for ls 8d. She invested the ls 8d in more calico, made moro bonnets, sold them, and pretty soon had £2. With this £2 she bought potatoes, planted them, and came out with a clear profit of J^H Most girls would have bought lollies, and cheweH and chewed and then called for more, and m majority of the boys invest their monoy in cigar- ettes, and would not save £8 in 100 years. . REMARKABLE DEATH -At Whitechapel recently an inquiry was held into the death of a maa named Matthews, who dropped dead while in the act of committing suicide. The medical testimony proved that there was a wound in the neck which was not dangerous. The face was congested, and the witness believed that the mun died instant- aneously from an apopletio fit while in the very act of cutting his throat. It was a most curious case, for if the man hud not fallen dead instant- aneously there must have been a large quantity ot blood about. The coroner said it was an extra- ordinary case, and one that was Eeldom known. AGRICULTURE IN AMERICA-A recent publica- tion states that the farm lands comprise 289 acres in every thousand, leaving 711 acres nnooonpied. Of the former quantity 158 aores are productive, 103 woodland, and 33 unproductive, though partly susceptible of improvement. Of maize-growing lands the general average for the United States ÍB 41 acres per 1000, the range being from less than 10 to over 100 in every 1000 acres, Wheat Bhows that the general average is 20 acres for every 1000. The general average value of farm lands is shown to be 19.02dols" while the range of values is 1.19 to 65.16, The tenants paying money rent are bot 8 per cent, of the total number of occupiers, while those paying rent in produce are nominally 17.5 per cent., most of them being in the cotton States. Some of the latter, however, are freed men, who are tenants only in name, living on temporary sub« divisions of estates. Since the formation of the Albury Pastures and Stock Protection Board the following noxious animals have been destroyed in the board's area : -19,767 kangaroos, 3117 paddymelons, 46,219 hares, 12,708 kangaroo-rats, and 16 dogs. There are G850 convicts now living in New Cale- donia. Of these, 1200 are employed on publio works, 420 by private contractors, 1950 by socie- ties, 750 by licensees {concessionaires) ; 380 are in domestic service, and 1050-nearly one in every six-are non-valeurs, or what we should call not worth powder and shot. This is a slice of a powerful speech delivered by Mr. Barns, the London Dock Labourers' leader, on on a recent occasion :-"As our garrison in Luck*?*1 now, straining their eyes towards the horizon, Baw the silver sheen of the bayonets of the relieving army, so from this parapet I, too, see on the horizon a silver gleam ; but not the gleam of bayonets destined to be imbrued in the blood of a brother, but the silver sheen of the full round orb of the docker's ' tanner.' " ¡ There died lately in the North Dublin Workhouse at the age of 106, James Conway, who served in the navy under Nelson. He was impressed into the navy, and after thirteen yearB' service was^ discharged without a pension. He was in perfect health up to a few weeks ago. The trustees of the British Museum have TUB|| purchased the second edition of th« Indian BiS^P translated by John Eliot into the language of tua Virginian Indians, Cambridge, and Massachusetts, 1680-85-a book of extreme rarity. A silver bell has been hung in a tower in the village of Borki, where the railroad accident to the i Czar's train happened, and it will be tolled every day at the hour of the accident. The rest of the world has already been told enough about it, ,.. A Waterloo veteran began his 101st year lately in the province of Parana, Brazil. The Germans in, the neighbourhood assembled to do him honour/ and put a crown of laurels on his head-which by the way, is not yet bald. The arms of the troops quartered at Dorer have just been tested, with the result that 15 per cent, ot the bayonets are found to be defective. j 