THE REPROACH OF ANN ES LEY. BY MAXWELL GRAY, Author of "The Silence J op Dean Mait- lanp,"; Ac. CHAPTER 11.— FinE-uonT. The rapid' beat of hoofs - and the roll of wheels drew nearer and Dearer, and a dog-cart drawn by a serviceable cob flashed down the hill towards the pedestrians with many a scattered pebble and spark of fire, for the dusk was now falling. On reaching them the driver pulled up the cob, gave the reins to the groom, sprang to the grouud, all in a flash of time, ana was shaking hands, with Gervase< and Alice and walking by their side almost before they had time to recognise him. Alice gave him a frank smile of welcome, and Gervase smiled too, hut he murmured something inaudibly to bimsslf that was not flattering to the new-comer. The lntter was a young man, with a dark, strong, intelligent face, which bad just missed being handsome. He walked well, dressed well, and had about him a certain air which would have challenged attention anywhere. He did not look like a parish doctor. "And how are they .all at Arden ?" he asked, in a full cordial voice. "Where did you get those violets ? It is enough to muko a man mad, I thought those were the first." And he drew a second little bunch of white violets from his breast-pocket ana gave them to Alice, who received them with another frank smile. " How kind of you to think of me !" she said. " Gervasn found these, but he wai only five minutes ahead of y'ou.'' Gervase smiled inwardly ; the new-comer's face darkened aDd he. silently returned tbe rude observation' the former had made npon him a moment before ; and then comforted himself by the reflection, " Gervase 19 uobody." "So yon have been visiting my patients again, Miss Lingard," he said aloud ; " you must not go about making people well in this reckless way- How are .we poor doctors to live ?" " Did you find F.llen auy better ?" she asked. "She was wonderfully perked up, as the cot tagers say 1 I knew you had been there, without any telling. We must try to get her through tho spring winds! I say, Rickman, you haven't seen such a thing as a stray cousin anywhere about, have yon ?" " I did catch sight of such a creature half-an- honr since," he replied. He asked me the way to Medington by Arden Manor, where one Paul, it appeared, had agreed to meet him." " A tall, good-looking fellow, with a pleasant "And a beautiful voice," interrupted Alice. " It must be the eentlemanl heard singing past the 'Traveller's Rest,' GcrvaBe. I was just going to ask if you had seen him.'' " He sings like a nightingale. Yes ; that was no donht Ted. Ok, yon will all like him. I shall bring him over to the Manor if I can. I don't Bay if I may," he added with a smile. "Because you know we are always pleased to see yonr friends," returned Gervase. "But your "cousin is an old friend of ours, Annesley, and evidently remembered lis. He asked if a queer old fellow named Rickman lived in Arden Manor down there." " The rascal ! Did yon tell him he was speak ing to tlie queer old fellow's son ? " " Not I. I wanted to hear what he would say about us." 1 "What a shame ?" said Alice; "those are the bad underhand ways -Sibyl and I are always trying to overcome in you. W til, Dr. Annes ley, here is Arden Cross, but no cousin, apparently." " He would be well over St. Michael's Down by this time," added Gervase. "But who is this coming down the laoe ? Two figures emerged from the deeply- shadowed lane which led from the down to the paler dusk of the cross-roads, and discovered themselves to be an elderly laboring man and a youth, who touched their hats and then stopped. "Evening, miss : evening, sir. Ben up boara, Dacter? Poor F.ln was terrible bad 's marn- ing," said the elder, who was no other than the host of tho "Traveller's Rest," Jacob Gale. " Ellen was better," replied the doctor cheer- fnllv. "Oh ! yes ; she was really quite bright when I saw her," added Alice, in a still more en couraging voice. The mnn shook his head. "She won t never be better," ho growled, " though she mod perk up a bit along of. seeing you, miss. I've a zin too many goo that way to be took in, bless yonr heart. How long do ye give her, Dacter ? I liaint in no hurry vur she to goo. as I knows on,'' he added, with a view to coutradict erro- neoiH impressions. ' 3 The doctor replied that it was impossible to say : she might linger for mouths, or she might go that night. ; "They all goos the zame way," continued the man, "one after t'other, nothun caiot stop em. There was no pearter inayde about than our Eln a year ago come Middlemass, a vine-growed mayde" sin was as ever I zeen," he repeated in a rough voice, through which tbe very breath of tragedy sighed; "zing, she ood like a tbrusb, ancf her ciiakes like a hrose. A peart mayde was our Eln, I ivarn't she was." " She is very happy ; she is willing to go," said Alice, trying to comfort him. " Ah ! they all goos off asy. My missus she went fust ; a vine vigure of a ooman, too. Vive on 'ein lies down Church-lytten there, Miss Lingard, and all in brick graves, buried com fortable. They've a got to goo and they goos. Hrenben here, he'll hae to go oext. There's the lired in's chakes, aud he coughs terblo aready." Reuben smiled pensively. Ho was a hand some lad, with dark eyes and a delicate yet brilliant pink-and-white complexion. " Nonsense," interposed Paul, " Reuben's well enough. You shouldn't frighten the boy. Give him good food, and his cough will soon go. Don't you believe him, Reuben, You are only growing fast." "He'll hue to gop long with t'others," con tinued the father, " dachters ain't no good agon a decline. A power of dacter's Btufl: hen inside of they that's gone. They've all got to goo, ail got to goo." "Reckon I'll hae to goo," added Ruebon, in a more cheerful refrain to his father's melancholy chant. , , Alice tried in vain to reason tho pair into a more hopeful frame of mind, and then scolded them, aud finally bid them good night, and they parted, tlie heavy boots of the two Gales striking the road in slow funereal beats as they trudged wearily up-hill, the lighter stops of the gentlefolk making swift and merry music down wards. " Ob, Paul !" said Alice, turning to him after a backward glance at the father and son, " we must save Reuben ; we cannot let him die ! " " My dear Alice, you must not take all the illnesses in the parish to heart," interposed Gervase ; " the boy will be all right, as Annes ley told him. Why try to deprive Gale of his chief earthly solace ? The old fellow revels in his own miseries. It is a kind of distinction to that class of people to have a fatal disease in their familv." " Hereditary too," added Paul ; as respect able as a family ghost in higher circles." " Or the curse of Gledeswortb. I am glad the curse does not blight tho tenants as well as the landlord," continued Gervase. For Ardon Manor belonged to tho Gledeswortb estate. ' ' Or tho Mowbray temper, 1 laughed Paul. " Nay, dear Miss Lingard, do not look so re proachful. I am . doing my best for Reuben. But he is consumptive, and" I doubt if he will stand another winter, though his lungs are still whole. We must try to accept fncts. Why we poor doctors would be fretted to liddleztrings in a month if we did not harden our hearts to the inevitable." " But is this inevitable ?'' asked Alice, with an earnest gazo into his dark-blue eyes that sot his heart throbbing. "Need this bright young life be thrown away? I know how good your heart is, and how you often feel most when you speak most roughly. But if Reuben were Ger vase, you know that he would not have to die." " You mean that I should order Gervase to the South. Doubtless., ' "Very well. And if wo set our wits to work we may expatriate Reuben. We must. Ger vase, you are igreat at schemes. Scheme Reuben into a warm climate before next winter." "We have received our orders, Aunesley, replied Gervase, laughing, as they turned up a broad lane, at the end of which the grey manor house, with its gables and mullioned windows, loomed massive in the dusk — a dusk deepened on one side by the row of wind- bowed firs. Paul accompanied them, as a matter of course, though he hnd turned quite out of his homeward way ; while his servant, without aBki'ng or receiving orders, drove the dogcart round to the stableyard, whither tho cob would have found his way alone, so accustomed was he to its welcome hospilalitv. Through the gateway, with its stono piers topped by stone globes, and up tho drive bounded by velvet turf of at least a century's growth, the three walked in the deepen ing dusk and saw a ruddy glow in tbo uncur tained windows of the hall, round the porch of which myrtle grew, mingled with ivy and;roaei. Gervase opened the door nnd they ontored a spacious hall wainscotted in oak, carved about tho doorways and the broad chimney -piece, beneath which, on tho open hearth, burnt a fire of wood. Tlie leaping flames danced merrily on the polished walls, on a broad staircase shining aud slippery with beeswax and tho labor of generations on a few old pictures, some trophies of armor und some oaken settles and chairs of an old quaint fashion ; and upon a table near the hearth, on which a loa-servlco was set out. (To be continued.) 