NEltVOUS EXHAUSTION. The circumstances of advancing cmhsaliH arc transferring the combat inoroandniorofrifi the hold of physical pre-eminence ami opoWj tioiiH to that of mental. Tho requirements (| lil’o are becoming altered moro and moro yc;j by voar. Tho now stale will climinutu (loud and, ns it'were, elect certain tor its service. T>j strain is coming anil being felt keenly by not id few. What are Die headaches, tho palpitation of tho heart, tho hydra-headed forms dyspepsia, tho neuralgias, the wasted bodm ami anxious, worn faces of which myriads <! our pooplo complain hut tho story w burdens, alas, _ too heavy for many M bear. Now, it may ho laid dmvu as almost n self-evident truth tlmt thoso w3|>| civo little heed to physical culture, bu thqcj development of brain wlnit it may, must boohm or later succumb in the race. Men nro ik .. " quired with aeiitcnet-sf, deliberation,* jmrpfl^'. and with brains pregnant with originality but all this is hut of passing moment if aceoinpaniod with " staying powers,” pvhf h moan superlative nutritive functions in tie system somethno, somewhere. # i An unfortunnto sign of the times, perhaps,jfl. ' the round of praise and recommendation fir' digestible food. Everyone* nearly seems V) thiuk tho crying need of the hour is for some thing more and most digestible. A young man. v. goes to his doctor for a. peculiar liuniiiii? nig feeling in tho pit of his stomach, coming nil a eouplo of hours after each meal. I*4 the liucijf hero for something moro digostihlo V 3Syj necessarily so, any moro than the converse., U the symptoms disappear with tho eating of a, little* food, and are not relieved with sodal the condition points to something moat uij natural in the nervous machinery bf1 tlitl stomach, for the feeling is not the natural sigiil of hunger in a healthy man. Send tin* patient into the country, change his mode off life, give him rest, and the bad symptoms war soon abate! The trouble was nervous ex-, , lmustion, though but of mild degree. v f The man writing at his novel far into "jo hours of tho night iimv,us we read in Ihh'pvi'# Mat/azin? of Wilkio* Collins, have a female ghost follow him to bed, and bite a piece out i f his shoulder as he enters the bedroom. Mr, Christie Murray once wrote thirty- six con secutive chapters in thirty-six consecutive daytj and then he saw a halberdier with an axe. wi n appeared behind and threatened him. All this is nervous exhaustion of an undoubted It pc. and what is needed most is tho chiefcst of alt restorers—rest. > > . , A person comes to the physician with pain m tho hack of tho bond, dull and heavy. "What is it: Only weakness—nothing more ! Host will put it ail to rights, Students, as a class, are prone to palpitation of the heart.. Is the troubiu organic'i It is simply' temporary, and due to a nervous "system exhausted, and wunt lu all this class of cases drugs can do hut little good. They may ameliorate tho symptoms, but cannot, compensate for want of fresh air ami rust, the indispensable requisites to a healthy Mood; and what, as Ilomherg Hays, is pain hut ‘‘the prayer of a nerve for healthy lilondr” Oil is a. great; alleviator of pain, hut in excess muv occasion a .troublesome form of dyspepsia. ’I'hc Antipyrin Tabloids appear to exert a benelicinl and curative action in painful affections, and sometimes eradicate tho trouble. A little mix vomica is useful to most people undergoing severe nnrvous strain, uml thoso afllieted with dyspepsia. A proper dono_ of Bishop’s Granular Etlcrvcscent .Extract of Nux Vomica in water answers well. In tho indiges tion occasioned bv starchy .food, Extract of » Malt. (Kopler) will work eminently.—.J/ntWr; ** Loiulou. _ _ ' 