T HE G4 j, LE BOY Fancy us 'ow the tip of the week is the cropper that Miln 'as come. They had been lookin' for it for some time, but the tragedian wouldn't accept his doom easily, and. retire gracefully. Not 'e. V by , up to the last lie was takin' big about what 'c was to do. But it was all in' eye. People .knew'd :'e 'adn't a blessed Kvtmi niini-liQii flinf. lip 'fl.fl Ifit the uruwii uu uy, U1J.VJL1 > u»wi' . gurantors for 'is rent in a bit, that the ghost wasn t walkin' reglar, and that they were a-playin' down ' to ten or twelve, quid. ; Say as 'ow the Miln's can't be stone broke as the tart Jordan, '-'as been clrawin' fifteen quid a week as screw. . Some of bin are. tellin' about a scene which was touchin', with a spice of the ludicrous in it, as took place on the stage t'other day. Miln was explainin to the company and the other 'ands 'is position, and in the middle of it 'e was overcome. Kate Douglas stepped down the stage, put her arms round 'is neck and told 'im that she didn't mind not gettin' 'er sugar. Thus cheered up a bit, Miln resumed, only to again break down. More comfort was at 'and 'owever.' Out from the ranks steps another female and threw 'er ' arms round Miln's neck from the other side and whispered words of consolation. ' This was the woman as sweeps the stage ! The situation was effective, and, solemn as the occasion was, compelled a smile. Some of the company ain't very pleased at the way Miln 'as treated 'em. When one gave notice, there was xipbraidih' for leaving a pendancy ! Another 'ad a good offer, but the assurances that the season was a-going on refused, and now like the rest is out. They've clubbed together and taken the Hibernian Hall for Christmas week, Harry Hodson bossin' the show. They play Irish pieces. 'Ope they'll do a bit. Miln is real bad, and I don't wonder at it ; all the worry and the mental anxiety 'e's 'ad is enough to knock up anyone., 'E's been 'avin' a rest up at Mount Macedon, but comes down to appear 011 Saturday (to-night) in a revival of " Bichard III. " That was the part we first seed 'im in, Jack. Fear 'e'll break down. But you bet 'e'll make a speech. . Them MacMahon boys lieve gotten a lease of the 'ouse for six months on pretty 'igh terms. Father . says they 'ave plunked down a big guarantee, pay £125 a week and ten per cent, after £600, and they'll 'ave the first show of gettin' a renewal for the rest of Miln's term, which runs till October. They begins their season next Saturday with Johnnie Sheridan and " Fun on the Bristol." Shouldn't wonder, Jack, though you'll 'ear of one on 'em scpotin' hoff to 'Murika to get novelties. The only new bill this week is that a t the Alexandra, where they stepped out of comic into standard opera. Take it all rouncl, Jack, the production of " Martha " which we seed on Wednesday night did 'em heaps of credit. The 'ouse, which was a big 'un, showed as 'ow they liked the -way things were a-goin'. As a ' rule them 'ere English operas are just pitched on the stage anyhow as to monntin' ; but Bracy has done things proper, and 'e gets 'is effect and 'is reward. I liked the tart Tree. She's real nice as the gay and frisky 'E arietta, and shows a neat ankle, doesn't she, Jack ? Bather ! But I tell ye what, she goes for them 'ere shakes' and sky-rocketin' biz. in the music just a little too much for my fancy. Alius think as 'ow' the composer lcno wed just a wee bit more than the vocalist 'ow 'is music should be sung. With the boys she was, as usual, in great favor, and all over the 'ouse they were applaud in' of 'er loud. That little Graupner is a trifle weak as Nancy. She couldn't pipe loud enough, but still she pulls through with some satisfaction and credit. Bracy works 'ard, very 'ard, and 'e sings the music of Lionel with a good lump of tunefulness and effect. As for Buzzi, 'e looks a bit funny in a sort of Mephistopheles wig, and wants to put on a touch more youthfulness. Ts shigin' is pretty much O.K. Poor Johnnie Fbrde's liawful hout of it, ain't 'e? No gaggiu' and grimacin' and foolin' this time ! Can't chuck it hoff 'is chast anyhow. And 'e looks sick accordin'. Them as fills the other parts are- not bad, and the choruses please ye nicely. ; . - Harrison- is alius there or thereabouts, and 'e's all there in the confluctin', and keeps those on the stage and them coves aside 'im at their work steady, altogether and with fullest effect. , ; - «' Maritana " and ' " The. Bohemian ' Girl " follows, and Tree and Bracy 'ave bens. See here, Grattan Iligs, do say its a jest- Do say it's not true that you've jjiviri' us best. What, it is ? Then, by jabers,' it's really too bad. You're bent for to leave us and make us all sad, . And you won't stay, you divil, you've made up your mind 1 Well, you ain't a bit nice I No, you're very unkind ! If it must be, it must be, and all that's to' say, With pleasure that's painful we'll send you away ; And hope that wherever your life|s lot is cast, The future will be as successful's the past. : Yes, the old 'un's agoin' hoff, and on Saturday, to night, 'e begins 'is last eight nights. 'E appears in "The Colleen Bawn,".and gives us a look at 'is -Myles. The complimentary send hoff they're a-gettin hup for 'im is, father says, to 'be' a -big affair. It takes place on Saturday of next week, an' 'e appears in The Irish Detective." When the show is a-concludin', Biggs'll be presented with 'a well-lined purse, an' an address, an' it'll all. be hinbercstin'. You be there, Jack. It's just on the cards that Biggs will do Tasmania durin' the 'olidays sometime. Nine weeks isn't a bad run, is it Jack ? That's the time "Little Lord Fauntleroy " ?as been a-goin' it at the Princess, an' a-goin it too to some purpose. I wonder 'ow many thousands 'ave seen it, 'ow much real enjoy, ment it has given and 'ow much the profit takings 'ave- been. All three must have been great. Last night (Friday) the final performance was given and there just was a buse crammed to the door, an' the piece went splendid — never better. When the show was hoyer father says a select few were entertained in the green-room by Wotlierspoon, the manager of the company. They 'ad a 'appy time of it. . , The company 'ave a short rest and then open in Adelaide Boxin' night. They're sayin' as 'ow Frank Thornton 'ad a narrow escape from drownin' at Hobart, Tuesday. 'E was hout fishin' an' fell into the Avater an' was Avith diflSculty got hout. So bad was 'e that 'e collapsed durin' the sIioav at night, an' they 'ad to ring down. D'ye knoAV 'oav's in town ? The MacMahons. An they're agoin' it them boys is. They're agoin' to sup ply the 'ole of them 'ere colonies with amusement at the 'oliday time.. They 'ave the Boyal Dramatic Com pany on, and Johnnie Solomon's opera company, and the Opera House and Johnnie Sheridan;; and "The Little Lord Fauntleroy" croAvd, and Grattan Biggs at Tasmania, and George Leitch at Newcastle, and a- circus at Adelaide, and the Silbon-Stirks at Sydney, and they accommodate Simonseu and his opera troupe at Sandhurst. There's a list for ye in no mistake. Oh yes, they're in town — and in it. ' The variety shows are a bit hoff. There's nothin' nexv agoin', and they've got to do their best with the old material at 'and. The Perman family join the Vic. Saturday (to- night), and there's somethin' new at St. George's, where there's a buxum tart, Schuler, sings songs rattlin' well. Noav I've chucked it off my chast, I'm gooin' 'ome. So long. . 