BRITISH AND FdREIGN. . Hiss Maud Kover, maid of honor to Vic- 1 torit^has just married a Mr Walk. 'This is I what 'we venture to call a matrimonial | walkover. Tbe Emperor of China was about to moBry Miss Kan Di, when his funds ran , out and he has to economise and do with- 1 out candy. Europe and left four gas jets blazing away in bis house for four months. He has offered the gas 'company £800,000 to settle the bill, but they want an even million, and he'll probably have to pay it. ; - Wages in Mexico have advanced to 25 cents a day, and working men have begun to wear trousers. The Queen of Portugal has recently visited her Royal sister of Spain and the two ladies had a regular tea-party time shopping around Madrid. Her Majesty of Portugal has a rather luxuriant moustache, whereupon tbe court gallants sing. ' God shave the Queen. Cardinal Manning recently delivered a re markable discourse, in which ho gave a very gloomy picture of London and tbe distntegration of human socioty in these iatier days : ' London is a desolation beyond that of any city in the Christain world. Four millions of human beings of whom 2,000,000 have never set their foot in any place of Christain worship ; and among these 2,000,000 God only knows how few have been baptized, how few have been bora again of water and the Holy Ghost. London is a wilderness. It is like Romo of old— a pool into which all the nations ot tho world streamed together aud all the sins of all the nations of the world were continually flowing. Such is London at this day.' The body of Alexander the Great has been discovered near Beyroot. lie was still dead. Mis6 Delia Beck of Appolois the heaviest girl in the Keystone State. She is only 1G years old and weighs 402 pounds. Miss Ueck is a blonde and awfully sweet, but she is death on buggy springs. The annual income of the voluntary, rate aided, and other medical charities of Lon don is about £1,196,471, of which about £485,502 comes from rates 1 (-0,000 from endowments, 100,000 from legacies 50,000 from Hospital Saturday and Sunday Funds, £50,000 from patients' payments, and 350,000 fiom subscriptions, donations, and tbe proceeds of bozasrs and other entertain ments. Speaking at tbe Diocesan Conference at Leicester recently the Bishop ef Peter borough condemned gambling as injurious to the State, but said he did not see why they should suppress betting in clubs and allow it on a racecourse. He did not believe in hypocritical legislation on the subjec, any more than on tbe drink traffic He would advise the House of Commons to commence local option with their refresh ment bars. He should then have much more respect for legislators who now passed from the bars in the lobbies, wiping their mouths after a brandy-and-soba, to vote for resolutions to make their neighbors drink cold water. At the National Temperance Congress held recently in London, Canon Ellison chairman of the C.E.T.S., presiding over 'the section dealing with ' Drink and Native Races.' said that he, as a director of the corporation which had invested £20,000 in a brewery, would endeavor to secure the withdrawal of the money. A return missionary stated that tbe Queen of Modagescar had poured upon the sand the rum forced upon hor by England. Another speaker said tbe Duchess of Albany had in invested £30,000 in one of the largest export breweries. The workmen who go in advance of the the Czar witherso ever he travels form a squad of six mechanics. Two are lock smiths, two carpeuters. and two masons. All are marriedmen born in tbe Czar's service and absolutely devoted to theirSovereign. Their business is to examine the walls, floor ing, chimneys, locks and furniture of the apartments which the Czar is to occupy. The chimneys, in particular, engage tbeir attention, for every flue leading to ta room in -which tbe Czar is to 6leep or eat has to be grated and barred at top and bot tom. After Nov. 10, the United States Postal Department will quicken the trans continental mail service between New York and Sou Francisco, reducing the westward service to 107 hours, and tne eastward to 111 hours, being about one day shorter time. Field-Marshal Moltke has just attained the patriarchal age of ninety years. He re ceived so many congratulations on the oc casion that he announces it to be impossible for him to answer them all separately, and therefore, desires to return thanks to the well-wishers collectively through the press. A curious ca9e of seizing an obelisk for debt has occurred in Austria, a firm of car riers at Bozen having seized the cases con taining the obelisk which was to be erected upon the sumit of the Ortler mountain, 31)00 metres ia height, on the frontier be tween the Tyrol and Italy, upon a claim for transport. The London Road Car drivers have a grievance which approaches the ludicrous. If they do not wear high hats they are suspended for a week. The other day, a driver's hat was blown off, and a cart went over it, so that he was obliged to resort to a low felt hat for the remainder of the day. For this heinous crime he was stopped and suspended. Tbe Queen Regent of Spain has, it is said, shocked her proud aristocrats by raising M. Santa Anna, the editor of tbe popular journal Correspondence -T Esptntt to the rank of a Marquis. The new noble is (writes the London correspondent of the Manchester Examiner ) a man of great energy. Forty years ago he reached Mad rid with ten irancs [in his ^pocket. He bas not only created a newspaper, but has founded saviugs banks and pension funds for old age. He is widely popular, and tbe Queen's recognition of his public services is generally applauded. There is not only a ''nitrate king,'' but a ''nitrate chaplain.' A clergyman residing in the north of London has made some most successful operations in the nitrate market, and is now a daily visitor 'to the brokers' offices, where be has received the sobriquet of the ' nitrate chaplain.' A correspondent of the Pioneer Mail, writing to that journal, 'says:— 'Your whist loving readers may be interested to hear of the following hands which occurred in a game played at Cherat i on August 18. A player held 13 clubs in one hand, the pack having been previously used and shuffled several times, and the deal being on his left. The following round the same player held nine trumps, including four honors (ace, king, queen, knave, 10, 8, 7, 3, and 2 of spades ; his partner who dealt, holding the 9 of spades.' The Cape Government has decided to adopt Professor Seeley's proposal for a geological i survey under his charge. He believes that other eruptive diamondbear ing tracts like Klmberley exist elsewhere. Italy has ordered 50,000,000 smokeless cartridges. 