UNCLE EBEN'S GHOST. S"I hole I don't intrude," said the Menagerie Alan. Supper was just ready at Valley Farm. Savory fried ham, each breon sice topped oflf by the golden sphere of ategr, fresh crullers, apple sanee and nerw bread ,and the fnmily, confort ably eated, stared yeth all their eyeS as the tal, "aunt showman eme in, brfngi g agaust ,if frosty siiht airltbih laa. ,§et:?by, ataiger".et by,' raid Jonathan enoften, -ebo ?ays raglarArai in point of les l1atliy, hd 'ie.?lisavoe invited Beelzebuib himself to supperif that machsjilited personage had chatcead to pass by ata mealnne. "Take an bite !" "i Not as I want's t hbeg." said theMenagerie Mlan, apologetical;y. "I pays my way where ever I gee. It aint as I'm poor, ladies and gentlemen," with a comprehensive obeisance around the board. "But them taverns does charge so like the Old Harry, and no man likes to he saindlad." " BlIes me," said Mrs. Crofton, who had risen to get an extra cap and saucer, "if iit aint the funny chop as we sasy at the circus, as ran a 3mee with Ole monkey and cracked peanuts with hie head inside the tiger's mouth." "The wery same, mi'nom," sidithe stranger," his gim isae relaxing inton emle. "Let the ladies alone for fimling out anything, bless their dear hearts ! YTe 'm, I'm the cl 'p. Signor Itresrdo Lesiardi, ma'am, at yonrserviee. Born in the State of 3Mine, and baptized Azariah Black. And if you hain't no objections to it, ma'am, I'll be glad to lodge here to-night We're on the move, ma'am, me and themena erie. And l'ee hired Squire Dennison'ahsrn to lock up the creetur in, and we'reralonlatin' to jog on to morrow mnrnin' at threeo'elocki ho as theb-arim hanls and little hboys along the romd cha'a't get a gtis view iof the isild eaniiels." - "Yol're welcone, stranger--yoa're wel come," said SMr. Crofton, regardinghis visittr not without a certain awe; for the main who was familiar with tigers, and handled leopards and pnthers like so many tme cats, must surely be lifferent from the rest of the human race ; and the 3enagerie Moanate and drank with an appe tite which gratified Mrs. Crofton's housewifely pride in no common dereoe. " Yours is a qieer trade, stranger," the farmer observed, over his after-supper pipe. "It is queer," assented Mr. Lesiardi Black, staring meditatively into the fire. "But then, the whole world is queer, aint it, now t" "Maybe, maybe," grunted Air. Crofton. " I ns brung up a earpenter," aoid the areeigerie Ian; "but sormehow me and the hammer couldn't never agree, Then I tried the travelling groery business. and lost money in it; and then one evening I flipped up a penny whether I sbhould go and drown myself in the eaval or go to the eircta. Tails won, and I knowed that night as I'd discovered the problem of my destiny. I engaged with the circu, and I've stuck to it ever since, and now I'm boss of the whole concern." "Mtake much money at it, chll" said the farmer. "Bless you, sir-yes. And lose too," said the Menagerieo Man," with a gooad-Lumoured shreg of the shoulders. "There's downs as toll as pulin the w"ad, take it how rr will It's the best way to tae things easy." " Tht's just what I always said to my nnde Ehen,"said Mr. Crofton, with a astentorian sigh. "Blt he couldn't see it in that light, somchow. He lost a deal of moneyin 7Weatern lau!e, and he cut his throat" " Do tell I " said the Menagerie Man. "You may have passed the house, a half-mile orodoawnthe glen," said Mr. Crofton. "An old, one.etory red bonuse with a big chimney albeek ant! a lot of lilbek bushes growin' at the bitclhsn door." '' And a grove o' pines back on 't," nodded the Menagerie Alan. "Bess your he:rt, yes, I pitied it, and a queer-looking place it was, with the trees a ereekin' and a-grnanin' in the wind, and a strange dog ashowlin' on the doorstep. "It's get a had name through the country side," tait Mr. Crofton, dejectedly. " Eh i said the Melasgrie than, opening hit eyes. "Noet--latnld ' " "F " Haunted," nodded Mrs. Crofton. [ "Folks does asy- as the ghost tramps up and Clown the rooms and looks out o' windtr of moety nights. I never seen him myself, but-" " It's all nonsense, Jonathan." interolsed his wife, briskly. "There aint nothina a pack s al fools won't say, if once they gives taitr mind to it. Aend Charley Stoker, as mooted our eldest gil, han leaued the house, and is goin' to move in it heat week; gho;t or no ghost!" " Not with my advice," eald Mr. Crofton, gloomily. " lYithout it, then," retorted his wi'e. "And Charles and Jemima they'll Le sorry for it, mark my words," added the fanmer. "I don't believe a wort of it," sid Mllrs. Crofaln, briskly. " We never had nothing to do w;th ghosts in our line of busnose," said the Mien:agerie Man, thoughtfully. "And I haven'tlooked into the queition mash myself. Butfolks dee tellqueer stories I" e"Oar Jemima and her husband !always was foolbardy,"revearted the farmer. "'isa-virt 'em to let the haunted house alone. 'Don't meddle witth Ie supmeratuerdl, childrtn,' says I. But Chariy, sanys he :' ti' risk the gisola, father-in-law!' And Jemima, says she; 'I always was more feared of live folks than dead enes !' Well, I only hope they won't repent it, that's all. Because-" The rentenco was yet ntnislhed on Farmer Crofton's lips, when there was a sound of hurrying footsteps on the threshold without; thewdoor was burst ore, and a be n n a-me, ! ark eyed firl, with a slmwl tied round her' head, and a faee as pale as ashes, rushed into the room, followed by a stalwart young man of three or four-and-twenty, as breathless as herself. "It's Jcmima," said Ire. Croftin, starting up. u It's Charley Stoker!!' cried "Mr. Crofton, dropping his pipe on the hearthstone. The lMenagerie Man said nothing, but stared as if his whole pr onality had resolved itself into a pair cf eyee. Pretty Jemilms threwnheercl into hermother's arms, and burst into hysteric sobs. 'I What is it, my deer ?" raid airs. Crofton, soothinrgly. "Spenak to me !" "Oh moher !" shrieked Jenemica, "it's the ghost i" "The--r'icr " said Mrs. Crofton. "Oh ! oh i it's Uncle l?en's gthest! Oh ! oh ! oh !" bewaild Jemimn, "I unloeked the front door and walked riglit in upon it, sitting by the fireplace just as he used tosit when he waa ad with the rheumatism, all wrapped in a shagey bl?ak cent I" "I never would ha' believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes," said Mr. Stoker, looking blankly at the assembled group. "It's of no use talking, I shall have to sell the lease of the house forwbhat I get can for it. Jemima will nevergo there to live, and I wou'dn't if she wou'd." "A ghost, eh I " said the tMenagere tian. " I saw it myself," asserted iMr. Stoker. "Black and sha.-gy, eh ?" 3r. Stoker nodded. "The old man used to wear just such a coat in winter weather," said he. "I've seen-it a hundred times." "Well," said thh aMenagerLe Ian, slowly, breaking into a smile. c"I gueS you'd better bold on to your lease, Squire. ItI beta goet many ceokeys as yvou won't be troubld by no ghosns. Becauseo the black and shagy gectle man as gir yen seeh a fright wasmy tear I" "Tour-rbear I" said 3Mr. Stokee. "Yes," nodded the Alenlgerie Macn. "tHe's qoarre!somwe, poe oee, and I ena't:nerer late no connfort if I saot t·im ep with the olher creetuise. So nrter I'd locked up the othlersa'in Sqcire Denneon's big alstone barn, I just led Droin along till 1 teme to ttin cm place, were I ealeulaled I shouldnot disturb nobody. And I let licm in, peaciable like, at the back door. Aod i you and thishere young 'cman wasn'ttIsr ticular nbout shutttng the door, I guces rid bttterlook aster him, for he lilcs a breathl of fresh air, Brain does, as well as 3ay Christinc." Jemima looked at her husbnd. tIr. stokr bhrst iteste langh. Mm. Crofas joined is it. And the farmer rubbed his nose with a p:izled " Let's go boek anndn curlntern, Jemimy," said tha yoeufi tuabsol. "And I'll gu along, teo," said tbho elder men, wo ein his ierot easrt was arather disappointe that Uncle Ebla's ghist had turned oat to b a6 ghost stilL The Meosgerie tlan found Drain carefully invmetigating a hen rost at no great disehane, and chained him up in an 'noeespied atble re-lighteds their lntern and'pcmseied thcir original intnttaon of measuring the feoor for 'so home-nade i rag capeting, and then they aIl ?ent bask and spent thobereniau at the Croiton farm-hense. . - " And from that day to this no ghostly shadow has crr eriouset atsthheshold of prnttyyemimo'ea home. And when the little children totter up the road to the old farm, -anodEay: ' Gmnd aemc, tell ues a ghost story," the old lady ielatcs the legend of the loreacrie ins and hbc tear, Is the affolits eatisietion Of htr small audience. - " \- "And I gores thte'sthe sort of celtk that most ghost stories are cut odt of," nays oldhIrs. Croften. 