THE BLESSING OF THE NEW FIRE AND OF THE FONT. We resume the description of the childish papal ceremonies preceding Easter Day, from the place where we left them in our last issue, at the striking of fire from flint, hy way of preparing a new fire, which is formally blessed, and all the lights in the church extinguished that they may be kindled by this new creation (this creature of fire). Then the deacon takes a reed having three candles on its summit in the Bhape of a triangle, and all enter the church in procession. As soon as the deacon enters the church, he lowers the reed : and an acolyte having a candle which has been lighted from the new fire lights, one of the candles on the reed. Then the deacon elevating the reed, hends his knees, and in like manner all the rest with him, except the cross- bearer, while the deacon alone chants " the light of Christ," to which the res ponse answers " thanks be to God." Our readers will remark here the mean ing and spirit of that absurdity still lingers even in a church supposed to be Protestant, which puts candles on the table in broad day light, and calls them the two natures of Christ, the light of the world. The new fire struck from flint in the papal service, is at least a light shining in a dark church, and although not entitl ed to be called the "light of Christ"; yet is much better entitled to be a symbol of that light than the pale flicker of a candle at noouday, as in ritualistic churches. If anything is entitled to take , the place of a Bymbol of Christ the Light of the World, it is the sun, as He is called indeed the Sun of Righteousness, and the sun is physically the light of the world: and therefore while the sun is shining, to light two poor pale flickering candles, and call them the symbols of Christ's light, is false and Btupid. After this, the same process is repeated in the middle of the church, but the chant is pronounced in a higher tone. At the altar again, in the same way, the third candle is lighted and the chant repeated still louder. Then the deacon, an acolyte holding the five hallowed grains of incense near him, sings from the pulpit a long chant, which is followed by a long preface covering several pages of the missal. At about the middle of the preface are these words; " The sanctifying therefore of this night puts to flight our enemies, washes our faults, restores innocence to the lapsed, and joy to the sorrowful. It puts to flight hatreds, procures concord, and bows down pride " ! It seems then a wonder ful thing that such evils exist at all, if the ceremonies of that night— the flint sparks, and the lighting of the candles anew — puts an end to them. Have they indeed no longer any enemies? Are all their faults washed ? Are the lapsed all ren dered innocent? Are the sorrowful all joyful? Are hatred and pride and dis cord put to flight ? We must remember that this is not a prayer that such may be, but an assertion that such things are, as the result of that ceremony. But arc they ? The assertion is simply a bare faced falsehood, as all experience testifies. Indeed none admit and bewail the con trary more than the pope himself. But having made that rash statement, the deacon sticks the five grains of incense in the wax taper in the form of a cross, and goes on " In the grace therefore of this night" — that is because tbe ceremony abolishes hatred, discord, faults, enemies, pride, &c.;, therefore receive the evening sacrifice of this incense which the most holy church renders thee in this solemn oblation of a wax taper, by the hands of her ministers, from the productions of the bee. But we know what means the preaching of this pillar (i.e. the taper) which this ruddy glittering fire lights to the honour of God. The idea of lighting a taper to tbe honour of God 1 Here the lamps are lighted, and then more- follows about the poor taper — that this taper consecrated to the honour of thy name for destroying the darkness of this night continue unfailing, and being accepted for an odour of sweet smell, be it mingled with the lights supernal, &c.;" The benediction of the taper being finished, the deacon and celebrant take off their vestments of white, and put on others of a violet colour, but no reason is given for this change. To common sense it seems that if the offieiators could properly sanctify the fire, the incense, and the taper in garments of white, they might as reasonably do what comes next in the same. It is now the " prophecies " that are read, twelve long lessons from the Old Testament, with collects. They are not to be read so as to be heard, however ; " but in a low voice," for during the reading of them IUO . Aiooujfioro UID LU UttbUCUIBU bUt) catechumens who are to be baptised, and prepare them for baptism. We must say that this is highly characteristic of Popery. The twelve prophecies are mumbled by the celebrant ( leguntur submissd voce), and at the same time, the clergy are busy catechising. Here is a plain admission that the reading of the Scriptures is not for edification or instruction, but a mere rite or form. They are not lessons, but a mere bodily task or routine. So it is in truth with all their Latin readings : they might just as well leave them unread. The catechumens here are much better employed than they could be in gaping at a reader in muttering what, even if he spoke upj they could not understand. After the muttered " prophecies " the celebrant again changes his vestment, this time putting on a violet " pluvial." For having made that conjured creature of fire new for the coming year, he proceeds to make a new creature of water, &c.;, for baptism, for a similar period. So he goes to the font, preceded by the remarkable taper, the candlelabra, and the cross, and there bestows his incantations. Dividing the water with his thumb in the shape of a cross, and having wiped his hand in a towel, he prays that the Holy Ghost may by the secret admixture of Sis Deity make the water prolific, that a sanctifying energy being conceived in it (the water) there do emerge from the immaculate womb of the divine font,, a heavenly progeny, born again into, a new creation. Taerefore far hence away, at thy -bidding let every unclean spirit depart, far hence all subtlety and malice of devilish deceit keep aloof, &c.; Where fore (here, making three crosses) I bless thee creature of water. . . breathing thrice into it in the form of a cross, &c.;" Then the taper comes again to the fore in the conjuring. It is first let down a little way into the water, then it is taken UUU UUU piuugou ILL UgiltlU U XIUWD UCOOI, and removed. And upon the third immersion still deeper, it is extinguished. After which he blows into the water, with a prayer that the water be 'impregnated with regenerating efficacy in its whole substance. Two V oils are afterwards dropped into it. Catechumenal oil, and Chrysmal oil, with a prayer for " a co-admixture of the oil and the water." Bat oil and water cannot mix, so this is likewise a fiction. The attempt at " ad mixture " is j ust a palpable illustration of the failure of every effort to mix up Popery" with Christianity : or put neiw pieces of cloth in old garments. The piece put in always make a rent. Ask. your friends to ; support the Protestant Standard . ' Lend it to your Roman "Catholic friends. 