WTTIÉ'S LÈI'TER TO HER 'SISTERS. AND HER COUSINS, AND HER AUNTS. LONDON, December 17. DK&B; Pry A FORES,-Io going »Wt London I with my eye» open, which Menu to be the < principal elm and end of my being at thia 1 time of the year, I have seen so many pretty things doting the last four days that they float before me like a sort of phantasmagoria. Every woman loves the details oooneoted with a wedding ; so I will begin with a bride's dress and those of her bridesmaids, which were shown me yesterday in Bond-street. The bride elect waa rather chilly, as indeed who Woald not be when frost and fog are in KaaesskraT and her white satin gown, with high bodies and long sleeves, looked to me aa if it was Hoed with something very warm Indeed-perhaps fleecy calico-«od the train and coffs were trimmed with swans'-down, and for the neck there was a long swans'-down boa, the very perfection nf comfort for a delicate throat. The bridesmaids' toilettes were quite unique, but moat desirable gowns for concerts, quiet dinners, etc., etc, as well as for the occasion for which they were made. They were of rich pale heliotrope silk, and the fronte were entirely of pale primrose with a tinge of buff io it, arranged in pretty folds and trillings, and most gracefully draped. The hats might almost be described as of j modified beefeater shape, but very little i larger than Bailor hats, and were made of the same heliotrope silk as the dresses, and had tufts of ostrich tip- matching the fronts. The heliotrope silk stockings exactly matched also ; in feet I am sure ibey must have been dyed on purpose. An evening gown that I saw was very cleverly arranged ; the froot of it was black net embroidered with sprays of flowers in two or three shades of reds and greeoa, and the whole was made up on a black silk foundation On one side there waa a pretty chatelaine, bo«, and ends of ribbon, one of each tint in the flowers, sud the back of the skirt was entirely composed of these ribbons, not laid flat, but almost edgewise, and just veiled and kept in place with black net. There is a great deal of open head-work about black bounets and bats, and when good it is very pretty, but it is one of those things that are always much copied tu common beads put together in a rough way. Coloured beads are lus in favour : but there are eome very pretty gimps and embroideries, and com- binations of the two, which are not only used for dress trimmings but for the brims and crowns of head gear. Report says that a fashion of wearing gloves of different colours is in vogue in Paris ; two shad, s of grey, for instance, or different hues of tan. Ibis ought to be good news to the economical, as by this means no one need mourn over n lost or odd glove. Will it be carried into shoes ? Who knows ? For the freaks of fashion are strange indeed. It is said that the well-known American authoress, Amelia Rivers Chanter, is setting a most curious fashion in Sew York. She wears kid shoes made like gloves, eaoh toe having a separate finger, eo to speak, and very Tow heels. They are said to be much more whole- some than the ordinary shoe, and also more comfortable ; though tl.is last statement I must take leave to doubt. It has often been said that women have very little idea of keepiug engagements, and their promises are as piecrust. 1 have heard that many ladies who have become members of the Plumage Lrague (whuse principal object is to discourage the weariug of bird skins) do not hesitate to wear them, and deem that they keep the engagement they have entered into by having ine heads of tho birds taken off and ouly sporting the plumage ! It is terrible to think of the lu voe in bints annually committed to satisfy the senseless whim of sume women who would be very angry if they were called unfeeling and heart- less. One London house is said to have sold in one season nearly two millions of small birdskins. In some of the Weet Indian islands humming birds have been almost extirpated, and in South America a eeusible decrease has been remarked in the gorgeous birds of the forest. Moreover, the plumage of the female is often the brightest, and she ie seized just when her young call for her care, and broods are left to perish miserably. A story is told of a young lady who went to a fancy ball covered with robins '-Robin Hod breast snd Jenny Wern, who, *s the old song says, are "God Almighty's cock und hen. It is satisfactory to hear that some people would not dance with her on account of her cruelty. I had a peep yesterday at Charbonnel and vVslker'e lovely things prepared for Christmas and could not liut think what heaps, what rivers of gold there must be in London, for it to be worth while for «ny one to import them. French people do understand the luxury of prettiness in a wonderful tnannrr, and evolve it cut of very little when neceasary. I saw a lidless hox made of white silk and white net, on exactly the tame principle as what used to be called a drawn bonnet. The wires that braced the centre of it were elon- gated into rather a tall handle, which was wreathed with pale greeu leaves and finished »ff with a bow of pale green gnuie ribbon. The box was ready for niling with flouera, or chocolates, or marrons glacés, aud a delightful little present it will make fur some one. A jardintire was not, In shape, uufUe a wooden washing tray, bat each flit surface was covered with embroidered silk, and it stood on tour pretty, little, gilt feet. There waa a tin to fit it inside, in which plants could be embedded in IOOBS or tan ; and, of course, it could be utilised for cut flowers. Heart shaped boxes were made in just the Bame way, and mounted on tripods, formed smell tables. A great msny of the pretty things that formed work and flower baskets when turned upside down revealed themselves as somewhat ex- aggerated Empire bonnets and hats, and one of the prettiest lamp or candle shades I have ever seen resolved Ueelf into a pretty bonnet. It was meant to be set np in front of a lamp, on a table or bracket tn a oorner. I always think these French things very suggestive ; people with elever fingen and plenty of time could rli up so many of them if they could only get the ghost of an idea. The great Gunter ia renowned of course, for his boxea of bon-bons, etc., tint I «aw at bis place a aatin sack of sweets, finished off with s very dainty doll's head nt the top, and what looked like a b.g of juicy red unen les. It waa just as if someone had nought a pound of them at af .alterers, Hud the big was not ! quite big enough, so that th« fruit mis visible [ at the top ; and down below, where the p&per; had broken away you could nee a oouple of cherries, a leaf, and seveial stalks And after all it was only a cunningly-contrived bot, and the cherries on the top formed the lid of it. Amanvesitlo parasol, balf-open, and filled with Maréchal Neil roses, was seid to bc the only one in England, anil for all I know, someone may have b.ugui and carried it off by this time. In a West-End Bhop, where establea formed no part of the programme, many of the pretty things I saw a week or tw-> ago were sold out, and others had taken their places. One of the sandal-wood fans, which were once rarities but are now almost common, was spread out and lined with card-board, covered with blue silk. A similar card covered on both ai lee, of exactly the same eire, was sewn up from the point nearly to the top on each aide, thus forming a pocket, which ls suspended hy a silk cord embellished with one or two ribbon bows from any con- venient place. A wall-pocket, made in the semblance of a tennis racquet half wrapped up in pluah, is another novelty, but not one that commends itself to my fancy. I A tennis racquet ii useful in its way, j and so is a frying pm, but 1 oannot see i that either the one or the other ls suitable ! for a drawing-room ornament. A very pretty thing -a capital present for a bachelor-wal mad« ot chrrry-wood. There was a oouple of imps sitting astride a flab, and on« at them held a wand This wand was hollow «nd so wars tb* heads of the imps -.nd-they unscrewed and could ba futan wi Into the end of the wand so aa to form capital little cigarette .folders. They were only Sa. 6d. each, and were the most useful little things I have asea suitable for the lords of creation. Then is a great demand for toys, and the shops devoted to such delights are literally crammed from morning to night. Many of them an so curiously ingenious that "Doll babies that talk And lap doge that walk** are not in it at alt There ia a large white j orescent moon like those one sees on the out- side of Moonshine, with a face in it which rolls ita eyea and mpvea its mouth, and opposite sits a small but perfect guitar player, twanging his instrument, turning his head from side to side, and ever and anon putting out his tongue at the queer visage opposite him. Of course tbe mechanism inolodea a musical box which supplies the tones of the guitar. Another toy shows a farm-building with closed doora and a. realistic-looking pig with a rustic holding like grim death on to his tail. Piggy grunts and kicks out behind, but neither be nor his captor gain au inch of vantage. Thia, I think, would bs improved if the pig, instead of being white, were a black Berkshire. Another ingenious toy is a basket of kittens, which when wound up play with a ball that dangles from tbs handlea. But all these thioge are costly, and it takes verv little to Dleaae a child. Yours over, Lo TIE. 