PA1US LETTER. (FROM OUR O WN CORRI-Sl'ON DI'.NT.) Paris, April 27th. visitors to the inhibition may at last put their faith in—some—Princes. in the colonial section on the Ksplanado of the Invalides, tho Prince d' Arenbcrg lias opened a popular restaurant, tviiero the uniform price of each dish will be two sous. Water will bo supplied it discretion; but a fair cup of cocoa may bo obtained, with three morsels of sugar, for one sou. If visitors complain henceforth of the clearness of living in Paris, thoy have only themselves to blame. At tho Cafd Anglais you cannot count upon a respect able breakfast under 30ir. ; for this sum the Prince d' Areuberg will furnish you with a choice of dishes, ten per day, during a month. A leading French phy sician has published a plan by which a man can live on half a franc a day, and enjoy bettor health than a truflled alder man. The same establishment will also cook a beef-steak for customers for one sou, and they may bring their own crusts. If the visitor to the Exhibition bo liko John Gilpin, have a frugal mind, though on pleasure bent, he can still further economise, by securing lodgings, at two sous per night, in tho Hope Lodging Houses, where "hemp binds those whom honor wont." Mattresses are slung across three ropes ; at five in tho morning a four feet drop is given to all the sleepers, who are instantly on their feet. It is a model spring" mattress. Depending on Irish tandem, the visitor can still effect further economy in cab and 'baa fare. It is officially admitted that the Exhibition will not be ready on opening day. Many exhibitors have no excuse for their backwardness, but thoy will not bo the less included in the secular bone« diction that President Carnot will pro nounce on all connected with the good work—Boulangists not excepted. In hor colonial section, France exhibits samples of native soldiors, they form a curious medley. The ladies have paid a compli ment to the Tonkinese braves, by calling a new bonnet after them, their head dress supplied the mother idea. The gondola fleet is ready; the St. Marc has left her moorings arrayed liko Solomon in all his glory ; the poop is a tremendous piece of marine uphol» stery work. Venice might send a few descendants of the Doges, to take charge of the quarter deck. Who knows but that M. Floquot, when dining a few days ago with Signor Crispi, the subject was broached across the walnuts and wine. It might be the prelude of a now Com mercial Treaty, and tho detaching of Italy from the triple alliance. Tho French have an unhappy tendency to do the right thing at tho wrong moment. Thus it is in summer, when falling water is most agreeable to refresh eye sight, and a hot dusty atmosphere, that the public fountains are stopped to be cleansed and painted. At present the pavement is being rooted up to lay dowu wires for tho lighting of tho principal arteries of the city with electricity—for even Japan and Siam have utilised the new light for public purposes before Paris, Hugo's city of light. Bo assured, when tho capital will be illuminated, that some llip Van Winkle writer will announce, that London and Now York, patrons of city electric lighting since years, are about to imitate tho example set them by Paris. But the untimely measure now in ques tion, is one affecting the chiffouuiors. Xt has been remarked by the police sinoe some time that this historical body of public servants has contributed rather unpleasantly to the criminal classes. The conclusion has been drawn by the authori ties that many of the rag-pickers are recedivists, who fall back on the hatte, the lantern, and the crook nail and stick, to cover their assaults on the decalogue. When a duly licensed cliiffonnier dies, or retires from business, his brass badge is appropriated by a re" codirist, who thus has a permit to move on, though wanted. The police authorities are about reviewing the whole army—41,000 strong—of rag pickers, and expect to so drop on many odd characters, while at the same time purging tho cor poration. The winnowed chiffonniers will henceforth be supplied not only with a badgebuta|huref—a who's who parchment book with the owner's photo attached, as in the case of railway subscription tickets. That great army of oddfellows is in a state of commotion. The decree flutters its members as does a mandamus from the Senate's High Court of Justice a suspect of Boulahgism. Many of the rag pickers knowpto house porters since years aro obtaining certificates of good character and identity from these ^erbfril, Hag plekingi m times go is not a. bad profession. A man can earn from 2 to 5fr. a day at tho calling ; and aincu bo can live hygienical!}' on half a franc per day, plus a few sous for a cellar lodging, lie can save, invest in a lottery loan, gain a great prize, purchase a plot of ground, and become a landed proprietor. A t tho worst ho can dio in harness—like a ltothschild. He has to pay 110 taxes, to perform 110 military duty; ho abstains from policies, and lias nothing to do with newspapers, save to crook up ill the dust heap3 fragments of them all. As there are augels and archangels, so thore aro grades of chifi'onniers. The plucier is one who farms the kitchen refuse of a certain number of houses, say 10 or 20, following liis agility to prospect the bins orpoubcllcs, when placod on tho foot path for tho passing dust mail. If his ' run' bo in a rich neighborhood, he can tell his interest for 150f to 200f. The jilacier is a poor but honest man, who can fall no lower, who aspires to no elevation, has no more hope than a mollusk, and whose death iB as rare, as that of a tinker or a donkey. His mortal enemy is thecoureur; this is a free lance, a buccaneer, who does not respect settled rights, and who is fitted out by the master rag-picker on condition that all pick upB shall be sold to him alone, and that the kraals ho erects on boiub no man's ground shall bo ronted by his rank and file. A stationary rag-picker gathers 401bs of raw material during tho night, a freebooter GOlbs. The fraternity has its daily price current for all dust-bin commodities, just as the descendants of the Twelve Tribes liavu their mercurial for oldclo'. It is computed by statis ticians that during a year the rag pickers gather 315,000 tons of miscel laneous stuff, and which represents a valuo of 20 million francs. And as to tho variety of materials crooked up,these may be judged by tho fact that they are piaced in 350 categories, to suit as many wholesale purchasers. Tile sorting oft.hu midnight finds alone employs 2000 men and women. Chifi'onniers aro remarkable for their longevity : there is nothing in their trade less salubrious than in that of those other graduates for centennial honors—grave diggers, uiglit-soil hygie nists, nnd city aewor men. God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb. Parisians aro in ecstacies over Edison's "phonograph,"which has been introduced to their notice by the president of the Academy of Sciences, and Colonel G011 rnnd. America has sent 113 many kinds of conserves—roast hoof, lobster, green corn and blue points ; but to export canned voices, music sounds, anathemas and benedictions, takes tho breath clean away. There will ho no sting in death, no victory in the grave, when a man in his living can have his daily conversation phonographed, cased up, and placed with his photograph, in course of time, in his incinerary tun. Wo may not ho able to " feel the touch of the vanished hand," but we call hear tho " sound of a voice that is still." ft is becom ing tho fashion now to publish in memoriam announcs, on the anniversary of the death of friends—at same liino giviug their photo underneath. What more edifying than on tlio same day to open the canned words of tlio defunct, uttered when in the heyday of life, perhaps at his wedding breakfast , or when returning thanks on being oluctod a town councillor or member of parliament i It is I ho host and most wonderful toy Parisians have yel. witnessed. But they long to see Mr Edison himself, who will be liuro in June. He may count upon n hand shaking butliciout to make President Harrison jealous. Here is another industry on the wane— the claqueurs. Owing to play-goers declin ing to go to the plays, the far mers of the claques are not in position to litre " hands." This is Iho more lamentable, as it is when in presence of the beggarly account of empty boxes" that the artistes need most an applauso pick-me-up. Some of iho claque farmers —Messrs Porclier, Founder, llnvez, etc., are wealthy men; have their town and country houses, and keep a carriage or a trap, like a doctor or a brewer. The chefs of the claques of the Cafe's concerts now make most money. Somo of the claqueurs arc so habituated to their work that when the volley of hand clappings commence they can join in, though positively asleep. A few years ago ono of these fabricants of mechanical enthusiasm was roused up, and to prove he was always awake, com menced to vociferate *' Moliero out," whom he believed to bo the author, and not Augier, to come before the curtain. There is a story told of the uotor who claimed fellowship with the elder Kean, having played the role of the cock to the ghost in "Hamlet." Porclier was farmer of claqueurs, and took payment in tickets that he sold among his friends. He was thus able to aid keeping many pieces of the elder Dumas on the bills. Considering he had established a claim on Dumas, the latter being extremely bard up, though on his death bed ho produced a louis from his pocket to prove he died a mouied man, ho begged that the drama tist would be more fauiiliur with ltiui, and so crown his happiness. " Nothing easier," said Dumas, laughing. "Well, Porcher, will you lend me 500fr 2" The country continues to be more and more averse to all political agitation, no matter from what quarter it may proceed. It wants rest, it desires to soothe the Ex hibition with the calm conditions condu cive to robust and prosperous life. It takes no interest in tho High Court of Justice ; this is comprehensible, as tho proceedings of that tribunal arc as myste* lions as freemasonry. Tlio impression is. that if any evidence had beon obtained of Boulauyer's assumed treason, tlio Jericho trumpets would ere now have been in full blast round the walls .of Boulangism. Bmilanger's trip fo England will bo keenly watched by his adversaries here, ho must bo in a happior stato of mind, now that ho is ill tlio great refuge for all political un fortunates, that tho Ixion wheel of French history whirligigs in dnu course to place the silver streak botween them and la belle France. The real Nasmythbloiis will only bo given in October. Universal suffrage koops tho key of all the party creeds. Tho now Terminus Hotel, and tho re construction of tho St. Lazsre railway station, of which it is an offshoot, will cost 30 million frs. Spiers and Pond were offered tlio share management of the hotel and tho buffets, on the same conditions as they work in with the Eng lish railway companies. Tho St. Lazaro, that is to say tho Great Western railway terminus, conveys over its line, on an average 70,000 travellers a day. When there aro races at Anteuil or Longchamps, tho figures swell up to 250,000. It is said that French ladies do not read modern, that is, to-day, poetry. Their favorito uout is still do Mussot. But then tho latter was perhaps tlio only poet, who thoroughly understood the fair sex—George Sand excepted. Fencing, not boxing, or wrestling, is the only manly exercise that appears to bo progressing in France. On the 30th Juuo next there will be a great interna tional foueing match, and where tho best steels will be handled by the keenest blades. Prince Oscar, of Sweden, is gaining rapidly a reputation for fencing, as ho has won for paintiug. Tho Exhibition tickets have made their appearance, they look like bill stampB, but do not display in point of art anything remarkable. It is said that only 9,000 subscription, or season tickets, have been sold. There will be no registration wickets at the entrance to the Exhibition ; you hand a ticket, and paaain. 