The idnight Prophecy Oil, HEIR OF STRATIISPEY TOWERS. U y Emi:nu Garrisont JTones. CIIAPTER XIX. TIIC COUNTESS RET71ii4S. The sun had drooped out of sight and the duskly mantle of twilight hung oi'er the Alpine summits, boefre the Coutntess of Strathspey returned to the spot whero tlinnel Yernecy awaited her. The o!iioer was smoking fiercely and growing desperately impatient, yet his sphlinx-like face was cool and smiling and li s manner the vcry perfection of ttlorough bred politeness. Hie gave the lady one keen glance as she approached him, and made up his mind that she had nt seen tiher husband, and knew nothing of his having followed her; and he concluded not to enilighten her.lint to get her on thie lrmeward route and leave ter to settle it with the earl as beat shel cculd. lie sighed, and his eyes softened nas he Ioiked dowrn on her fragile, child-like beauty. how lie had loved her once! And now she had not the p swer to stir his heart, save with a brutner's tender pity. tie was thoroughly in love with his brilliant fl;aisee, Miss .Julia ieresford, independent of her ten thousand a rear. Lord Strathspey was a f.jl, if he hal only been nise enough to know it. lady .?tratihapey's face was flushed and eager, and salhe clutched a little package in both hands, as if it were an invaluable treasure. " Well, Lady Strathspey," said the colonel, as he handedt her into -the vehicle, "I trust you hlave met with sue "The child is mine, Colohnel Verncy," she replied soleuinly, "hlie has the Strathspley birtihmark on his right arm- lihe is my child, Ily babe, that was stolen from tue.". "I have no donut of it, nadam, but I'm afraid y,:u'll lind it dillic?ilt so prove it," repilied the colotnel " thel olher boy, you say, has the birtih-mark, too?" " Yes, hlie has ! oor little boy, I ami very fond of him, and lie shall always be Is my own," she said, with emotion ; " but my own boy, in the valley yonder, Lord Strathspey's true son, shall be the teir." "But, my dear lady." continued the tolonel, as they sped along through the leepening twilight, " how do you pur pose bringing this about? .Have you sullicient proofs to convince your hus band, and establish the child's claims ?" " I have the child's clothes." she said, clasping the little package to her bosom, •' the same he had on when they found himunder the milch-goat. Only a plain slip and a quilted flannel cloak, but I thought I would take them."' "I hope you'll succeed, but really it looks very doubtful," responded thei practical colonel. "I know it does; but heaven will help me, Colonel Verney. le sent me to my child, and 1 ehall look to Provideoice or help and direction. I never will abandon ;my purpose, never while I have life and reasoni. My boy shall bo his father's heir, if it costs mo my. life and halipi tiesa." Her pale face glowed in the twilight, with the light of inspiration and death less 4etermintion., : Colonel Verney regardedi her witli ad emirins wonder. " l eg your pardon,Lady Strathspey-," she said at last; " but:I anfolder than ron and wiser in .expetience.; allow ime Sto advise you to tell your huishand every I thing as soon as you meet hiit ; coneeal Stent between mntt and:wie' is like play iog with edged tooli .. "Yes," she respgnded ; "but I want to spare my dear-husband all the anxiety and suspense 1 can. As soon as I can see my way clear- " " But you imnay caus~ .him far deeper anxiety, in regard to yourself, in .the iscaniine,", interrupted the' olli:trc; ihe may nminconstrue? yucur', mnioies and actiolls." She turned ulpon himll her blue eyes blaziing in the gluo'il. "M1iscoustrue- mv actions ?- What do you mean, Colonel Verney ? My.husband does nuit mistrust me, would niot, under aby circumstances. Howsdare-you in siniate such an impossibility ?' "I li? your pardon, you will see one day that I am right, and have'yior ivel fare at heart. And now, are we'to find lodgings for the night, or to start on our journey at obce ?"" "Oh, start at once by. all maans," cried -the countess; we have not a ioo iment to lose. .I must get hoine before my husband returns from London." - " I'oor thing," sighed the colonel "it will be a cruel blow i"' lTlhey proceeded at once into France, and, having seen her ladyship safely on board the Dover steAimer, Colonel Verney went on to Paris to see his sick friend, wishing in his inmost heart that 'his friend had been at the antipodes before lhe seilt the message that caused hiin to start on such an ill-starred journey. The cduntess reached Sevenoaks before the arrival of hierhlsband, and found her household all in good order, and her guests making themselves comfortable. She felt intensely thankful and oc coipied the following day in making a con cise statement concerning :thle childshe believed to be her own, to be put in the Iands of Sir Henry Galbraith, her solici tor. She was very determined and very anxious to have the -matter investigated at the carliest moment. - Pondering over Colonel Verney's ad vice, she concluded at last to toll her hus band everything, and if possible to enlist his sympathies and co-operation. But hier husband did not return ! A week went by! Another followed, and still be was absent. f Thile shooting season was famous, but the earl's. friends began to think that their host was treating' them rather shabbily, and one.by one took their flight. Tihe countess gJpw anxious- and tele graphed to London, and, to her utter con sternatinn she learned that the earl had not been seen. She telegraphed a second time, to his club address, and to lils sister,. Lady Nevill, irith no better, success. " It was evident that the earl had not been in London. .'The poor wife's anxiety kneow no bounds. She forgot her child and every thing else in her fear for the husband she loved so well, and was just on the point of starting for London herself to learn what had became of him, when he, all at once, made his appearance. Judith met him in the hall, on his first arrival, and stood still in wonderful hor ror. No graFe-yard ghost ever looked more ghastly - Recovering her wits in an instanti and divining that something terrible hlad be fallen him, she fled like the wind to her I lady's chambsir. The countess was-read. ing, or making a pretence to do so, but she looked up as Judith entered. "Well, what is it ?" she questioned, seeing in the girl's face that site brought some intelligence. "oMy lady, Lord. Strathspcy- has come." The countess sprang to her feet. " Oh, thank Heaven !" she cried, "slwhere is lihe ? Where is ny. darling husband ?" ~hoewas about to rush out in search of hiislh her joy, but J udith, aught at lier arm. - "Osne moment, my lady," site im plored, "1 think a?y lord is ill-or-or -rsomething has hal)peuned-do notgo just yet." B'ut the anxious wife shook her ofil' "Is he iii? Stand out of' iy way, .Judlith, loet In go to hlim." She freed herself from the girl's de Staining h]auds, and turned towards thl~ door agilu, and t!here, fac to face; ashe nmet her husband. : C:III'TER XX-. S rPARnTEnD. - For the space of a moinent they stood silent, looking into each other's eyes; the carl's hair disheveled, his garments soiled, and his face so white and emaciated, that his eyes looked out from their sunken sockets like balls of fire. S" Oh, Angus, my darling," gasped the poor wife at last, putting out lier tremb ling alms to embrace him, " what is this ? what has changed you so " Thei sound of her voice seemned to rouse him into ani insane fury.- lu hiurled her back, when she would have clapsed. his neck witl a force thatsent lier iceling to the other side of the room. ' -. "Don't conic neatr mie again, don't touch me," he burst out, panIting - for breath in his auger and weakness, " or I I shall forget that you are a woman,- and Ftlh mother of my children. What has I changed me? Do you know, can you know, can you guess, false, fair-faced, de ceiver 7 What could make a itan what' I am to-day, -but the shameful deceit and treachery of his wife " - Tile poor countess shivered with terror, 'blieviug that hler' husbhiid was utterly insane. She retreated i?ito a corner of the ropin, and' put: forth her "haid to grasD the bell- rop.i3 But he darted up on her like a wild' beast, and eizing'her by the shoulders forced heir doirn into a seat. ' Don't shiver and tremble, 2oor, guilty coiward,"' he ?Iried, standing over her withihis whlie, asful face, l" I'll ndt harni you Icouldn't.do that-I couldn't harm a hair of your head, althoihgh you have dragged me aid my proud name down into the dust, arid iane mean alien and an outcast for all time to come." ?Angus " ' Silence ! I woi't hear one word from your false lips i Listen to what I have td say, for after this hour I never mean to look upon your face again--you have broken my heart- the heart tlhat loved I you," he continued, with a sudden out I burst of teiderness. "Oh, Marguerite, Show could you, hlow could you play inme false ?" Hie sunk into a seat, and burying his face in his hands, shook anl sighed like a child in Iis weakiess. lis wife arose, and creeping to his side, stolu hler arms about his neck; but their soft touch seemed to madden him, .O. "No, no!'- no cried, hurlingeher off again ;" " I'm not to be cajoled nor de ceived any longer. That time's past. You deceived me in the very hour I made you my wife. You belonged to dint then! You werothe imother of his child ! And now, the- moment he comes back from i India, you fly to his arms. False, aban doned, shameless woman !" Soue little comprehension of the true cause of her husband's apparent insanity, I began to dawn-upon the bewildered mind of the countess. She arose, her lithe, I slender figure seemijing at least a foot i taller, a fiery spot 'indling on each waxen cheek, and her blue eyes beginning I to blaze and glitter. J " Lord Strathspey,". she said, her voico I icily oilm, " you are my husband, but you shall not insult me t ":; . The,?arl broke into-a inockinz laugh. ' Insult you!" -he cried, bitterly. " You, who taking advantage of your husband's absence, go strolling out of England with i your ohl locer. -You didn't't think I fol lowed yiu, t' adam ? I. did though. I e saw you sitting under thl old oak cryitg I over your illegitimate son. I know who I whly you have always treated my son with t such univmonauly indifferenceo. I was 1 within al storie*s throw of you all the time, i and saw your gallant colonel awaiting you I ins the coppice. False, false woman I 1 I believe now that you were cognizant of the disappearance of my babe on the nightof his birth. You wanted no other son beside your pet Tyrol." \- Lady Strathspey stood like marble, never answering a word. "I can understand now," continued the earl, the whole thing seeming to grow cleareraud indisputable, " why you were so anuiious to travel, and why you sent so many packages to your brofhcr in India. Brotiher, indeed ! -Vih'at'a blind fool I have been !' But my eyes are open now.. For two weeks and over I have been lying at d'eath's door in' thd-Tyrol.: I should have died, -I think, but for my children. I could no hleave thni to'.thcir shamelessminother," he went on.."I ami here now to make my flunal arrangetsent. I shall give them, imy boy and girl, 1 mean, to Lidy Neville, my sister, with the understanding that you are never to set eyes on them again. Day -after lto. tmoroi I shall met your gallant colonel, and put a bullet through his heart; and then I shall leave England forever. :I shall leave you an annuity sufficient to keep you from want,'"ho added, turninig back in the doorway ; "and from this hour Ihope never to hear your iname, or look upon your face again, neither in this world, nor in the world to come ! " . SlHe strode but, with one backward I glance, and that glance beh ld her, still standing erect and statue-like, her face all aglow with outraged innocence, her clear, sinless eyes full of lieryiindignation, yetmelting with tenderness for the hus band who had so foully wronged her. And in the after years -of his wander ings-Land bitter, remorseful years they were-the remembrance of her face as he list saw it haunted the earl like an aveng' ing Nemesis. C IIPTEII" XI t : There are.some calamities that.strike us dum': and powerless, like the light ning-shaft. Wheni LadyStrathtpey heard her ihusband's footsteps ringing; down- the' oaken stairwar;" aeo sank down upon the carpet, and resting -her foreliead.on her folded arms, sat il: a stupid; senseless torper, half uncoiscious of. the great scalmity that had befallen her. - In that condition Judith found her, when, after waiting for hours to be tuun mtoned, ald unable to repress her anxiety, she entered her lady's room, unbidden, and all efforts on the girl's parth to i.nuse her, proved ineffectual. In her frightc, J udith summonedl?dra. Colonel Chudleigh, and she, inl hei turn, summonedot the family physician. But he shook liis head, almost - as soon as his eyes rested oil tIe white, frozen face.- Tile disease was beyond his skill, lie could do no more than administer a silmpiile stimulant... SBut toward isight, of her oirt will,tile countess, roused up. Yery white, and still, and' silent, she remained, but she was clear-headed- and conscious, indrbe gar at once to make -her arrangements for eaving Seveonaks. Helar husband had'cast her of.and she determined, to _repair at once to her own castle, known as Aukland Oaks; she was too proud in her injured inenocenc' to make one effort, toward clearing herself it his 'eyes, or regainilig his contidence and affection. " We shall set out earlyin the morning, Judith," she said, quietly, and I want you to make all necessary arrangemients that is,!" she added; with a wan smnile,;"if you inteind to stand by me now, in my hour of trial!" - Tie girl burst into tears. - "MIy dear, dear lad3," she sobbed, " howe'can you doubt siloe ? - - "I do not doubt yoiu, Juditli," retuned the couritess, " I trust you; you are amy one trlue friend mind helper.in all the world." The follovitig -orniing :found' every thing in readiness. The countei break fasted in her owis ipartilente. Her trunks stood out in the .hall, lier private carriage wa' ordered. She made her explanations to Mrs. Colonel Clindleigli, an-l charged her with thie task of excusing her to ths few guests still remainig. Only one task rcintiued to her before she went out from hier liuslaid's home forever. She must bid adieu to her children. Oh, bitter, bitter task I The poor mother put it off till the very last momient. Hier husband had decreed that they should be giineh to Lady Neville's charge, and they were to go down to Lon doi that very afternoon, in the care of Lord Strathspey's notary. He was lord and master of all, and nothing remained for but to submnit and obey. .She crossed the hall with tottering steps, and tapped at the nursery door. The Dundas womnan opened it. IAdy Pearl and her brother had just finished their breakfast. " O, mamma," cried Pearl, "you are going down to London, too ! I'm so glad! Lola said you wasn't but you will go !" The countess drew the child to her bosom and signed to tile nurse to leave the room. She obeyed, with a strange'glitter in her duskyeyes. "M amma cannot go to London now," the poor mother began, choking down tlhe aching misery at hier heart; " ibut Lady Pearl shall go, and stay awhile with Aunt Neville." S" i don't want to go without you, mamma." " But you must, tiy darling. - amma is obliged to go on a journesy now; brother Angus will go with you, and papa wil come soon; and you11 see the grcat city, and have sonmany pretty things, and play with Cousin Victoria, and Aunt Neville will be very kind to you." The child grew somcewhat pacified, and I the young heir stood passive, his light, 1 opaque eyes expressive of neither one thing or the other. t The countess arose, feeling that in a 1 few moments her strength and fortititde would give way. She turned to-the boy first, and took both of his sallow cheeks in her hands. "Good-bye, Angus," she said kissing I him repeatedly, "tin the years to come you shall suffer no wrong apt my hands. r Heaven bless you." e The l oy received the embrace as lie did r everything else, with lipassive indiffer- I ence. But little Marguerite sobbed and clung to her mother in passionate grief. \- "My darling, may Hearon keep you front harm," murmured the countess. Then, with one last convulsive cimbrace, she tore herself away. She had parted I from her children, perhaps forer.. Yet her step was firm, and her bearing like 1 thatof an outraged queen, as she tfiver~Oiild : the long corridor, passing the apartments in- which her husbaand nd his lawyer List, the doors double-locked. Judith awaited her in the hall, and the carriage was at the door. She entered it, I and without onri backward glance, passed out from the grand, old manor, and under the branches of the giant ohks,:oni hor way to the home of her childliood-a dis graced and discarded wife - As she rolled along in the. yellow, autumn sunlight, a sudden remembrance; of that awful morning. when IhIe strange apparition appeared before her, as site sat under the great rock at Strathspey Towers, flashed ecross her mind. " Yoi shall be robbed of your titles and grandeur, an outcast, scorned by 'your hubi;ihd, and derided by the world !" "' Ahl Heaven," she murmured, " how fearfully the terrible prediction has beehn fulfilled ! What merciless fate is pursuiig. me ? What in all my life have I ever done, that all this woo and desolation should come upon me?" In the meniltime, ihe Earl of Strathspey was'making his final preparations! - Everything had been arranged betwseen him and Colonel ilbert Verney, who was then at Iris 'ister s residence, only a short distance from Sevenoaks. The seconds had settled all the prelimi nares, anLdthe deadly nieeting was to take place on the following mornitng at sun rise; at a spot known as Willow Ridge, a secluded place some seven qr eight miles distant. SLord Strathspey knew we!l enough thist the -hanceif against him .wsere two to one. h Ils adversary was a cool, stron~inerved' mal, au old soldier, a.dl a dead shot. Ths ro was little hope that -h would escape with his life ! Atid in view of this state of thingi. , hemwas engaged throughout the d.ty itn closing up his earthly accounts, and making ready for death and eternity. .Aud calmnly-eniounh he did it ifor, in that hour, Angus,- Eirl of Strathspey, with all his wealth and hlionors, was not much in love with life. lHe made his will, providing `handsomely. for his 'd:ughter, and leaving ieeythi"g else to his son and heir, save ati annuity to his late countess. and five thousand pounds to be deposited in the bhank ti,'the order of Judit!h Ford. 1Is two childrenl he left in cliare of his sister, appointing her hius band, Sir Marshall Neville, as guardian and executor. This done,-in his silent;, and desolate home, he sat down and waited for the slow hours of the autuinn .ltight to wear away, atid.the morrow.diwnt, which, in ill prolability, ioud. itiake hintim a murderr, in the saneimotienotthat it setit his guilty soul into the tresence of his o caker. ) .T o eceOcUit) -D) 