BROADBRIMS NEW YORK LETTER. When William Allen Thorndyke Rice, the editor and proprietor of the " North, Ameri can Review'1 and our lately appointed mini ster to Russia, who died before he could reach the post, made liis memorable stand | rtgainst Mike Cregan afld his gang in the tenth congressional district, the mttn who stood foremost in his fight agairisc the de sperate and mercenary cre w was Robert Ray Hamilton, Mr. Rice's life-iong friend. There was a common bond between these two men that held their friendship with hooks of steel. Both were on the treshold of life; both had enjoyed all the advantages that money and position could bestow; both represented our oldest and bluest blood. Mr. Rice on Tintli sides- claimed distinguished revolutionary lineage, and Mr. Hamilton was the great; grandson of the first Secretary of the Trea sury under Washington. Eight successive years had Mr. Hamilton represented the most aristocratic district in the city in the legislature of New York, and from his rich relationship and his own ample fortune he might have claimed the daughter of any of the wealthiest families in the land with a fair prospect of success. Of commanding presence, handsome features, gentle and courtly manners denoting the highest breed ing, he is a wan whom any woman might feel proud to call husband, lie had travelled much abroad and all the capitals of the old world are familar to him, and the mipsHdn was frequently asked among his most inti mate friends, why Robert Ray Hamilton, verging towards forty, still remained a bachelor ? !Sot even his dear friend Allen Thorndyke Rice suspected his dual life, or he would have spurned him from his path as he would asnake, for Mr. Rico was the soul of purity and honor. It is hardly conceivable that such a man, young, talented, rich, educated, in looking for a wife would have sought her among the lowest and the vilest class; a woman whose notorious life is now laid bare, and more Wonderful still, now that he has full know ledge of her former shameful life and her present infamy, he clings to the would-be murderess with a mad infatuation that can only be accounted for on the ground of in sanit}'. And this it is that lias been the talk of tha town all the week, ever since his wife attempted to murder her nursemaid at Long Bianch. It is not a pleasant thing to contemplate, a brilliant life blasted and ruined beyond all possible recall. Mr. Hamilton has been for many ye-u's a. member of our most aristo cratic clubs; henceforth their doors arc closed against him and his resignation will be promptly accepted. To be a member of the Union Club is like having the goldsmith's stamp upon your family plate, and for many years past no man in the Union Club wax more honored than Robert Ray Hamilton. Prom that club he will be banished, and be sides the doors of hundreds of fannies that •were once open to him are now shut forever. henceforth he 13 socially and morally dead. No person not situated as Mr. Hamilton is can imagine the tremendous nature of his punishment. matter how long he lives or where he goes, lie will be pointed out a3 the man who sacrificed home, family, for tune, friends, almost every hope here or hereafter, for a Kanton. It is no use to mora lize 011 it, it is no use to think of it; you can only wonder that such things happen, and so if TXjssible ftfrgfet them. If any person belicVSs that all professing Christians , are hypocrites and frauds, he should hare been at Sag Harbor l?>st week when a lot of jald fashioned Methodists brought back from the Poorhouse old Cap tain Silas Babcock. Uncle Silas was an old whaler who retired from the Sc.i »bout thirty years ago. He had saved a little money in Dis Voyages, and he bought a neat little cot tage Tfliore he settled dovrn with hi3 good wife and his t#c> biiys; Mrs, Babcock wanted to give her sons a goo'tt td'fc.Stioi), 60 she and Uncle SiLis pinched themselves" Vst years till they got both the boys started in li/e-~one became a merchant and the other a Metiirr clisfc minister. Then Uncle Silas's wife died, iiild the old man was left alone in the cot tage. ShauraC'k, the eldest son, who had been set up in business with his father's money turned a cold shoulder on the old HMti: TJleil the two sons got quarreling as to whose duty It was to help to support their father, and it was iliAitjftd that Uncle Silas Babcock was not in his pfrw one Sunday. Uncle Silas had been a member of thi." Metho dist Church going . on fifty years, and eVer since he retired from the sea he had been in fiis.pstf every Sunday, rain or shine, so some of the pierpJe thought he might be sick, and they went down Its Vnde Silas's cottage, but it was closed up tight, and Sfter .inquiring about some time they found ihat LricJc 8ilns had been committed to the poorhouse on the petition of his two sons, and that Shadrack lr3d got .him to mortgage his cottage for five hundred do'lln'i's to lmt in his business. Sag Harbor has got sonie of She meanest people to be found on Long Island, but k lias some good old fashioned Jlethodist Christians too, just such old-fashioned Methodists as John Wesley -would have loved, or Sommerville ivould have taken to his heart, or to whom Bishop Simpson of blessed memory would have extended the riglit hand of fellowship. Kow I don't know that it is exactly the thing fqi* professing Christians to get mad, but the Methodists of Harbor were mad as hornets when they heard Uncle Silas was in the poorhouse as one of the greatest out rages that he ever heard of, and ail the con gregation shouted, Amen, and then lie ' t'itched into Shadrach, and his other son 'the iiiii/isfet out west, and he gave them Hail Columbia, Srid it- was resolved that the congregation would take ests of Uncle Silas Babcock as long as he lived, and then the minister and a committee went out to the poorhouse and they brought old Uncle Silas backj and when the train got into Sag Har bor it seemed as if the whole town was down at the depot except his wicked son Shad rach. There was a beautiful carriage wait ing for Uncle Silas at the depot, nnd flags were flying everywhere, and he rode in triumph through the town, and the people all hurrahed as Undo Silas rode past, and they took him back to the old cottage, and TJnde Silas will never leave it again as long as lie lives. There art? some live Methodists down at Sag Harbor, and if tile Lord should ever think of destroying it on account of its wickn^dness, I have no doubt there are some live Met-liodhW down at Sag Harbor, and if the Lord should ever think of destroy ing it on account of its wickedness, I have no , doubt there are enough of good Methodists in thai one congregation to ,ave not only Sag Harbor, but the whole of Long Island, and perhaps the rest Ul the State of New York thrown in. Ifc was rumoured about town that Harry 1 (3en«t. was dead. He is almost one of the last of the gfe!rt living members of the cele brated Tweed ring. Vr'lfcn the ling was in its zenith, Harry Genet was ;i {rower. He was a splendid looking fellow with an im mense political pull, and was regarded as a millionaire. Whfen the ring fell to pieces he fled with the rest, escaping from a deputy sheriff, but he could not stay away fro'nlSew York, set he returned and took his punish ment. But his punishment was not ended with his freedom ftoirf prison. His ill-got ! tfortune melted atfay,- and two years ago he was stf ncKed with cancer in the mouth. The indescribable nfe'onv of those two years no tongue can tell, ifc is Worse than a thou sand deaths. Magnificent in dress, in ex penditure, and diamonds, his confreres fondly Civil liim Prince Hal, hut his sceptre and j crown are in the dust, death is the smallest evil that can befal him now. I The Seidl Club had an elegant time down lit Coiiey Island this week, and dear old Susan I>. Anthbily addressed the members, many of whom are amoiig the representative women of the land. It was the custom in years gone by for a lot of paper-headed nin nies who write cheap jokes about mothers in-law to fire ther paper bullets at Susan B. She has lived to see about one half of them so down to drunkards, graves, and the other Half rtfe dither dead or forgotten, wliile she to-day stailds one of the brightest, cheeriest women, young W old, to bo found in our own or any other land. What- a tre mendous battle she had fought, what a blameless life she had led, rejoicing in the strength that enabled her to mingle with the weak and erring of her sex when necessary without even the smell of smoke upon her garments. She made an address to the members of the Seidl Club of ladies, named in hoiior of Anton Seidl, the great German leader. And what an address it was, with more good, sound, hard sense in it than you would find in fifty Congressional speeches, and how the women applauded her till they made the roof ring.- She was followed by sweet-faced Mrs. Thomas, president of the Sorosis, and her speech on domestic life and woman's proper sphere ought to be printed, in letters of gold. The women had a grand lime, and everyone enjoyed it thoroughly. Susan B. Anthony was by a!! odds the lioness of the day. A young man was arrested here last week for kissing his girl in the street, but the magistrate was a level-headed Judge, and instead of holding the lovers for a breach of the peace he discharged them at once, and gave the policeman a severe reprimand. That Judge ought to reach the Supreme Court. This iVeek Dan L.imont, ex-President Cleveland's late private secrotary, bought the franchise of the Broadway Railroad for twenty-five thousand dollars. There is no more valuable bit of railroad pioperty in the United States than that same Broadway Railroad. As Colonel Sellers remarked, " There's millions in it." But what a price ic cost. A million in solid cash to the boodle Aldermen—the ruin of the entire Board with two exceptions—then the arrest and im prisonment of the millionaire Jacob Sharp, who came near dying behind prison bars and was only released by Bourke Cockran just in time to die in his own home. How many reputations were smirched, how many lives were ruined, and yet to-day there is not a man or woman in New York who would de stroy it. New York has little to do with it, except to ride in its cars, the stock being mostly owned in Philadelpha. The road proper is three miles long and the receipts are about eight thousand dollars a day, or an average of forty-two dollars per day for every running car. A widow in Brooklyn has just liad a re markable experience with a ghost which led her to apply to the Courts for relief. One evening several months ago her husband, with whom she had been living unhappily, stepped down to the door and that was the last that was seen of him alive. A few weeks after a body was picked up in the river, the widow M as notified by the police, and going to tlie Morgue there she identified her lost husband. There coukl be no mistake about it, he had a pecular scar on the side of his head, and long chin whiskers which the widow cut oft"and carried away inher satchel, llis life was insured for four hundred and tifry dollars which the widow uot, then she bought a nice black dress, a sweet widow's cap ar.d a stunning veil a yard and a half long, ;md she refurnished her rooms and was enjoying herself as thoroughly as any widow could, ween last week who should turn up but the ghost who liad been safely pbuitcd eight weeks before. " Who arc you said the widow; "I am your husband," said the ghost. " My husband is dead and buri ed," said the widow; " here is the verdict of the twelve men that sat on his bod}- and here is the insurance certificate, sol dont want yon; get out." But the ghost wouldn't go, so she called in a policeman and had him arrested, and now she wants the Courts to keep the ghost away. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 