WHISPERS AT THE WINGS By "Q." Perhaps there may not be Colonel Sellars' boasted "millions in't," but there certainly is a very considerable amount of kudos for " the firm in The Bells of Haselmere. A lot of people I have suggested the idea to agree with me that after the Silver King the production of the new piece is all round the most important work in this particular sphere the Triumvirate have accomplished during their regime. Of course, as a dramatic work—in conception, evolution, incident, situation and dialogue— the more recent cannot compare with the older drama ; but in the elaborateness and completeness of the scenic settings, in the strength of the cast, and in the general mise en scene there is little to choose between the two productions. That the drama is just of the stamp which catches the popular fancy has been practically shown by the state of the house nightly since the premiere of the piece. But it takes a lot of money to pay for staging such a piece and to make the " ghost walk" with the salary list they must have at the Royal just now. There are one or two things which have been improved— for instance, the elaborating of the curtain to the third Act, and there are one or two alterations which might be made with advantage. I know of course that scenically it is a very heavy, difficult drama, but surely those revolving sets might he more quickly manipulated, and on some nights the lighting has been rather eccentric, and, an a consequence, the noise behind a trifle too emphatic and audible. One thing I'm sorry for is that the action of the piece preclude either Gordon or Brunton from getting calls as really merited recognition of their admirably artistic stage pictures. Naturally all in the cast have acquired that freedom which comes of familiarity with their own parts and apprecia- tion of the others. There is no doubt that Sass has won his spurs by his quiet, natural "dear-boyish" method of playing the gentlemanly light villain part. I have begun to wonder if Clynds has taken a lease of the centre of the stage, and if he could possibly be a little more mannered and angular. Just look at him as he stands in the centre of the stage with his right leg bent in at the knee, his stick stuck against his hips and his head crowned by that pork pie hat, tilted askew. Oh, its a graceful, artistic pose ! Perpetual motion has not yet been discovered, but that left arm of Stephenson's comes within measurable distance of attaining it. Really it's unfair to the right arm, which doesn't get a look in—except into the pants pocket. The sweet ladies haven't much opportunity in the drama, but they maintain the love interest in just the real nice sort of way. But I don't envy Maude Williamson in that bridge situation in the last act. She is hung over the rail like a sack out to dry, and I've more than once dreaded that rail giving way and the lady coming a cropper, and the denoument turned into a fiasco. It could easily be altered to look something less ludicrous. But "you can't have everything in a cockshop;" and the Bells of Haselmere is quite a superior produc- tion, and it ought to have a protracted and prosperous future before it. I suppose we must sum up Jo as a welcome "chestnut." Jennie Lee tells you the scooted from home because she was tired playing the crossing sweeper ; we've seen it often enough, and yet when it is revived here it is made as welcome as the flowers in Spring. And, dash it all that just about knocks what I was preaching the other week— that the cry is novelty. Happy thought!—I must shelter myself behind the old axium that it is the exception that proves the rule. My troubles on that point; and all I know is that the " patchodrama" drew as big an audience to the Prince on Saturday as it ever did in these latitude before, or, for that matter, in any other latitudes, if I'm not greatly mistaken. There was a great house, and no mistake ; and mind you it was a night of ovation, of bouquets, of calls, of bowing, of spechifying, and of— Heaven knows what not. I haven't seen so much demonstration of its kind on such an occasion for a long time, and poor little Jennie, who is a plumper— and still as pleasing a— person than she used to be, was quite at the panting point, fetching and carrying those miniature flower gardens, which, as one of the fellows says, were "paid a tributes to her genius." Nice phrase that! Nothing gushing about it. Oh dear no ! But, don't you see one might have questioned if all this success would have been identified with the resuscitation of the " shredodrama " if there had only been Jennie Lee, and the ordinary cast concerned in it. There was a cuteness around, however, and the fiat went forth, " We'll give it all the back- ing of new people, and some of the best of our older hand." And so they did ; and wild west horses won't draw me away from the belief that that had a big lot to do with the attendance, the proceedings and the success of Saturday, and that it will contribute mightly towards the duration of the run. What's the use of inveighing against Burnett's hewing and hack- ing of Bleak House ? None whatever. Nobody on earth could ever make a satis- factory play out of any one of Dickens novels, and even his old protege Andrew Halliday was snubbed by the novelist when he first tried his hand at adapting one of the works. And what Burnett no doubt intended —and has done— was to take as much out of the novel as would make Jo the central figure of a fairly interesting dramatic sketch. Just you ask him and see if that isn't the case. Jennie Lee's Jo is another example of dramatic evolution. I saw her early in her career with the part and then she played it with marked cure and minute attention to details. Some years after I met her on tour and a broadening of effect had supervened— success had had its effect. Now it has matured to a third stage— a stage where personal presence detracts from the ideal, but a stage which does not dispel the earliest thoughts or a smack of artificiality. It has still all its characteristics a a carefully thought out exposition of the part, and it is must minutely and cutely worked up, and is generally what you would call an "effective" stage performance. Natu- rally, nearly everybody else in the cast takes a back seat, as it were, in the matter of prominence, but then quantity isn't by any means everything and so the others can give us a taste of their quality. It was only the other evening that we had Helen Kinnaird singing a giddy part in comic opera, and now she is the stately and straying Lady Dedlock. and shows capacity for purely dramatic work. The hasty, hateful Hortense has a becoming strength as pictured by Fanny Hastings, and there's a breezy sprightliness about Polly Emery's style which you can relish in her pourtrayal of Guster; while if you just couple the names of Mr T. Bolton, Vernon Pager, Fanny Musgrove and Mary Reddall, with those of Mrs Reuncewell, Mrs Snugsby, Rosa and Jenny, and give them an appreciative word, you have about awarded the prizes in the female class. Kelly quite came out of himself in Dedlock, and the transition from the haughty to the humbled was remarkably artistically con- trived, and he has something of a touching turn for pathos in him. You don't by any means see the best side of George Walton in Guppy, but he does all that's possible with a fiddle-faddling part, just a Fred Necher is led on to woefully emphasise a sickening travesty of Chadband. Back once more from the paths of pantomime, Teddy Royce gives us a quaintly humorous and artistically finished impersona- tion of Snagsby, and B. N. Jones and Burnett as Falkinghorn and Buckett repeat former creditable and aidful performances. The mounting is satisfactory ; and if you ask me, Jo is good for a three weeks run. The Putnam crowd have been scoring effectively with the adaptation of The Old Curiosity Shop, in which the commedienne has doubled the roles of Little Nell and the Marchionness. I do not know that I'm con- vinced that the merits weigh heavier in the critical scale than the demerits, but at the same time the little lady shows she's got abundance of versatility about her I cannot stand her attempts as the pathetic, though. Somehow or other Boniface doesn't just quite stand out basso relievo as my Dick Swiveller ; but, then, that may be my 'cussed- ness in not comprehending a good thing when I see it. However, they leave us this week, and open at Sandhurst on Saturday in the Old Curiosity Shop, and work their way over to Sydney side and on to Brisbane. Saturday will see the Opera House opened by the Silbon-Stirk combination under the Hiscock-MacMahon management. The Sil- bont crowd we already know, and it may just be said that the Stirks are a family of very clever bicyclists who have just come over from America. Durable things have been said of them, over at Sydney, where they closed on Saturday, after giving a couple of shows at the Aquarium to seven thousand people. Success appears to accompany almost every production at the Alexandra, and there can be no two opinions us to the category in which The Crimes of Paris has to be placed. Since the production of the drama it has drawn very numerous audiences, and the manner in which it has been rendered and mounted has gained unstinted approval It has a fair field and a lot of favor before it. The following I snip from the latest 'Frisco Music and Drama:— Lettie Le Vyne, a re- cently arrived Australian serio-comic vocalist, made American debut at the Wigwam, and was a pronounced success. . . . The Chicks is the name of the comedy in which the talented sketch team, Filson and Errol will begin a tour of the coast under John Cort's management, 9th September. . . "Mrs. J. G. Williamson, the charming wife of the famous Australian manager, arrived from the antipodes Sunday by the mail steamer Mari- pisa, on a visit to her sister. As Maggie Moore, Mr Williamson was the most popular of all the soubrettes during earlier career of the old California Theatre, and it is an in- teresting coincidence that she returned to the old home just in time to participate in the opening of the New California. From Rockhampton, under date 2nd July, George Darrell writes :— We are still in the wilds. Thus far we have jogged on very successfully. We played good seasons at Charters Towers and Townsville and on 28th June opened the new theatre at Rockhampton with my own drama, The Sunny South. We had a terrific crush— naturally— and turned the proverbial hundreds away. Everywhere on tour Hue and Cry has been our trump card, and ere long you will have a chance to judge its merits and demerits for yourself in Mel- bourne, for arrangements are almost completed for its early presentation. We open at Her Majesty's Opera House, Brisbane, on 8th July, in Hue and Cry ; play a fortnight there, then back to Melbourne. Georgie Lee writes me from Ballarat:—We did a good week's business in Sandhurst, which would have been very much better if we had had fine weather. Our opening here yesterday was a brilliant one, and I think we are in for a good season here. "Jo-Jo, Ubini's Fleas etc., pack up on Friday evening, and leave for the City of Churches by Friday nights express. Miln, the tragedian, has just concluded a good season here. Charlie Taylor and Ella Carrington are up Horsham way. Kennedy, the Mesmerist, was a dismal failure at Sandhurst. Fred Maccabe is around Maryborough way." I was very glad to find the testimonial matinee given to Mr William Marshall was such an emphatic success in every way. There is no doubt that Mr Marshall was the biggest outside loser by the Bijou fire, and that fact was not sufficiently recognised so early and spontaneously as it ought to have been. How- ever, all's well that ends well, and it is satis- factory to learn that the testimonial will be a substantial one. That's right. Just as they always have done, the Lynch family of bellringers are doing advantageous business in and around the city just now. It is a happy idea to devote themselves to Mel- bourne on the Saturdays and look to the suburbs the rest of the week. Last Saturday evening they had a remarkably numerous audience, and a very enjoyable programme was submitted. Nic. Feuillade's complimentary benefit takes place in the Town Hall, under Vice-regal and other prominent patronage, on Saturday even- ing, and don't you forget it. The genial violinist has a lot of strings to his bow, in the shape of artists who are to take part in the programme, and I'm exceedingly glad to be told that the tickets are going off rapidly. This is the last week of the European Cele- brity Company at the Victoria. They have done, I should fancy, fairly well during the season, and, of course, we'll have 'em back again. "Good old Mary Ann," alias Slade Murray, is to be benefited to-morrow, and there's to be a big bill, and you may bet as big a house. The company go to Sydney and then work round to Brisbane. On Saturday the Vic. will he given up to another kind of entertainment. It has not struck me that either Rickards or Jenkins are wearing black band round their hats in consequence of the death of good business. I should say not. They haven't any room to complain, or to spare ; in fact, the show is doing nipping business just now. An addition has been made to the programme in the quick-change artists Sullivan and Silveena, and they are just about as clever as they make people in that line. Harry is, of course, to the fore, and is effective in the descriptive Seven Ages of Man. Deroy, who is a natty damsel and neat dancer, has, along with hubby Bell, a benefit on Friday. " Just as I expected," the Cyclorama is to be floated into a limited liability company. The capital is to be L55,000 in L1 shares, and it is expected that only 12s 6d will be called up. The annual expenses are calcu- lated at L2445, and the average daily takings from 19th May to 12th June was something like L95, the hightest day being L232 and the lowent L55. The floating of the concern is in good hands, and I suppose the share list will soon be rull up. Meanwhile the Cyclorama is drawing as well as ever it did, and is as much admired as a work of art. The plans of a new theatre proposed to be erected near the corner of Bourke and Russell streets, and adjoining the Young Men's Christian Association Hall, have been unfavor- ably reported upon by the Engineer of the Central Board of Heath, and will be con- demned. The plans were submitted to the Board by the architect, Mr Pitt, and then referred to Mr Le Capelain for his examination and report. Mr Le Capelain considered that there is not sufficient yards space to Bourke street provided from the dress circle, and he objects to an arrangement by which bedrooms having entrances from the corner hotel are to be provided over one of the entrances. Under the circumstances Mr Le Capelaine condemns the plan. Mr Ellie Norwod the clever young actor of Brough and Boucicault's Company, who made his first appearance on Money, is seri- ously ill. On Monday evening his part, Lord Glossmore was played by Mr Boucicault, and during the night two medical men were in con- stant attendance on Mr Norwood who is still in a dangerous state. Every care is being shown him both by the firm and his brother actors in Adelaide. My Sydney friend writes:— Judging by a first night's hearing, I don't think the Yeoman of the Guard will ever be very popular here. But there was a tremendous house on Satur- day night to witness the opening, and Nellie Stewart received a warm welcome. The opera is so different to others of Gilbert and Sullivan's that most people have hardly grasped the idea of it. It is, too, a bit handicapped. Leumane's enunciation is such that you can't hear either the words of his songs or the disalogue, and Miss Ameris's is not powerful enough to be heard in a large building. Misses Stewart, Liddiard, May Pollard. and Messrs. Marnock, Vernon and Elton are quite equal to their tasks. Madame Bentami, now with Solomon's Company, made a very successful appearance on Sunday night at the classical concert at the Cri. Money is more than filling the Criterion, and would run for weeks. but owing to other arrangements, must come off on Thursday, when Joseph's Sweetheart will be produced. Santley is doing great business at the Pro- testant Hall. There is joy among the "record- ing angels " over the return of the prodigal Bohemian Lincoln, who is charming his audiences at the School of Arts. . . The Stirks and Silbons finished a phenomenal season at the Exhibition on Saturday night. . . Alf. Phillips, one of Warner's company, who contracted typhoid fever in Brisbane is now here, and progressing towards recovery. The friends of the prominent young actor will be pleased to know that he will soon be able to go on duty again. . . Kate Bishop has again joined Rignold's com- pany, and played Ruth Herrick in In the ranks on Saturday night. Rignold took his old character of Ned Drayton, and Mrs Rignold made her first appearance as Mrs Buzzard. The play went very well, and should have a good run. Bland Holt finished a good season on Fri- day, and he and his bonnie wife and company left for Newcastle on Saturday night. May Holt appeared for a short season at the Academy (now leased by our old friend W. J. Wilson) in her own play of Every Man for Himself, and in the character Jean made a hit. Millard and Sheridan, are closing their season at the Gaiety where Two Lovely Black Eyes is the bill. It would be pleasing to have to write nothing but praise of Moustique, the comic opera, by Marcus Clark and M. Kowalski, which Johnnie Solomon's opera company pro- duced for the first time on any stage at the Opera House on Tuesday week last. There was a packed house, many of the elite being there, and M. Kowalski, who is deservedly popular, got a very hearty reception, re- peated call, and some presentations. Judged from a high standard, not much could be said in favor of "Moustique," as a whole. But taken musically, the composer has done some really good work, and this under diffi- cuplties. The libretto is attributed to the late Marcus Clark, but a gentleman of his literary ability would never have produced some of the rhymeless, reasonless stuff that is met with. The real fact seems to be that Clarke never finished his work, and the idea was carried out by some budding author, the re- sult being a distorted hybrid production. This is to be regretted, in that the first act is the best of the lot, and gives promise of some thing above the average, but after it the motif is lost, and the interest with it. This, notwithstanding, the piece is pluckily kept going under Bracey's stage management, and though the literary portion is deplored, the music all through is well worth listening to. As Queen Venus Miss Tree has a very hard task, and does not spare her voice. She and Miss Flora Graupner, who is a great success in the title role, and sings with grace and sweetness, have practically to carry Moustique on their shoulders. Bracey does all he has to do with his usual skill, and Jno. Forde gets a considerable amount of amuse- ment out of the character of Midisohn, an inventive crank, his manipulation of an electric bell — "he is an electrician of the deep- est dye"— being very funny. The mounting is good and the chorus strong, and Moustique is attracting good houses nightly. Maritana and the Sultan of Mocha will follow. The Royal Pantomime did not do enormous business at Brisbane. . . . Johnnie Gour- lay and Bob are on " the block " again. . . Pete Hughes sheds his refulgent light and does the hat trick once more in these immedatie latitudes. Miln was at Geelong on Mon- day, and now he has gone to Launceston, after which he re-opens at our Opera House. . . Little Waters, who took great interest in, and for long wrote about, things theatrical, is dead. R.I.P. . . . There is word of a company being formed in the city to go to South Africa. Certainly we could spare some mummers just now. . . It is said that Charlie Holloway and Walter Howe are to take a small company to New Zealand. . . . The remaining members of Simonsen's Italian Opera Company, have now returned to Italy. . . . Frank Clark is to run Brisbane's amusements during the Fair week— Katie Putnam being at one house and the Variety crowd at the other. . . The Adelaide Royal is to be lit by electricity. . . B. and B. open in Adelaide on Monday in The Squire. . . Mesmerist Kennedy goes to Brisbane Opera House ; and B. and B. are duole at the Gaiety there on 5th Septem- ber. . . "Bosco" sends me a sketch of Elsa May in the Christchurch Free Prees," and I see that she speaks of going home. . . Jennie Watt-Tanner ap- peared at another Matinee at Terry's Theatre, in a new one act piece, called Tecalco, and is complimented. . . Gus Harris has renewed his lease of Drury Lane at an annual rental of L6000. Actors often miss their cues, they not un- frequently skip their lines, and there are in- stances in which, through the arising of some sudden and unexpected incident, a player has completely dropped his part. Further than that, there are, if memory serves aright, at least two cases on record in the history of the stage in which actors on recovering from illness have found themselves bereft of all memory of their past work. It is a lamentable position to have one's recollection so completely obliterated, and we just now can all the more appreciate it from the fact that we have an example at hand. Playgoers will readily recollect the active and intelligent little comedian Mr Alfred Phillips, who came out with and supported Mr Charles Warner during his season at the Royal and his sojourn at the Princess's theatres. Well, Phillips, with the other members of the Warner company, went to Sydney, where, as here, he found favor, and then on to Adelaide. . During the visit to the Queensland capital Phillips was stricken down with typhoid fever, and was removed to the hospital. His developed into a very virulent attack of the scourging disease ; indeed, his life was altogether dispaired of, and it was only his robust athletic constitution that pulled him through, and eventually gained his recovery. But with that complete recovery dawned the consciousness that there was an entire blank in his memory of all the stage work he had done in the past. From a call boy he has been connected with the stage, and he has played many parts in a comparatively short career, but he cannot now recall either lines of business or even the new characters which he created out here. Otherwise he is fit— although he hss got a severe shaking— and can study as quickly and surely as formerly, and he has again joined Mr Warner at Adelaide. 