CHILDREN'S COLUMN. THE WHITE GIRL OF THE MOUN TAIN. In the yearl877 Mr. JEL, now * eituen of Denver, Colorado, was engaged in the at oak business on the Salmon. Suver, Idaho Terri tory. At that time the famona Nez Peroe chief Joseph was making a desperate but. hopeless fight against the American Govern-1 mint. On the first raid that Joseph's warriors made into the oountry along the Salmon Elver they took Mrs. H, and her three year-old daughter prisoners. The mother was afterwards released, bnt her sufferings had been so great that she sever recovered. It was understood that the little one had died in oaptivity. The blow to the husband was a fearful one. He left the conn try whioh bad been the the Boene of biB dreadful affliction, and, as I hare stated, finally settled In Denver. Late in the snmmer of 1885 a hunter was wandering among the Salmon Biver moon tains. He was far front the habitations of his race, and did not expect to meet any bat red men, who had hunted and trapped in that region from time immemorial. The weather was pleasant, and he was sauntering along in a leisurely way, when he came upon a seene so strange that he stopped with an exclamation of amazement. Be had approached a small lake of clear cool water, and saw before him a white girl, apparently ten or twelve years of age. She stood waist deep, and was notioeable for her wealth of fleecy hair, which hung abont her shoulders and the upper part of her body. " Well. I deolare, gasped the hunter. "If that don't beat anything I ever saw or heard of. Can it be a ghost!" He had stood .bnt a moment or two un certain whether he ought to approaoh or withdraw, when the girl caught sifrht of him. With a couple of bounds she was oat of the water, and vanished with suoh suddenness that the intruder waB still in doubt whether he had been looking upon a Jive person or a spirit. But he was a man of considerable nerve, and he advanced to the point where he last saw her. There he found that she had gone Into a cavern. He peeped in, bnt all was darkness, and brave as he was he did not dare go any further. " This isn't the kind of business I'm used to," he said to himself; " and before I start out on an exploring expedition 1 think it best to have company." , The awed visitor set out on his return to oamp. where he had agreed to meet the two friends who had aooompanied him on the expedition into the wild region. He found them stretohed out before the cheerful fire, reparing supper, and wondering what made im so late in joining them. While they were eating their evening meal he told them of his strange adventure. They were hanters like himself, and had had considerable experience in frontier life, They knew that fiction conld not furnish any stranger incidents than could facta, and they respeoted their companion too well to suspeat that he had been deceived. "It is a strange story indeed," remarked one. "But I have no doubt that she is a white girl." " Of course not, I saw that myself; bat how is it she is living alone in the moun tains?" " You don't know that she is living alone," remarked the other hunter: if you nad gone into that cavern where she disappeared I have no doubt yoa would have seen some of her friends." " I was afraid to do that alone." "We'll visit the plaoe together to morrow." As Boon as it WBB light the three set out for the lake, whioh was found without difficulty. They had hardly caught sight of it when the girl herself was observed." " Yes; yonder she is I" exclaimed one in excitement. " That's the girl, sure enough," said he who had seen her day before. " But ahe has found some clothing sinoe I saw her." She was standing on the other aide of the small sheet of water, at the foot of a cliff. She was olothed in BkinB of wild animals, and her flaffy hair looked more luxuriant than had been described. She detected the intruders almost at the same moment that they oaught sight of her, and Riving one long wild stare, she whirled about and was gone. After consulting, the hunters deoided not to trespass upon the young lady's domain, though the night before they were inolinea to do so. They, therefore, withdrew to Washington, Idaho Territory, where they spread the report of what tbey had seen among the mountains. The interest excited was BO deep that a party of cowboys and several newspaper correspondents determined to visit the locality and find ont more about the wild girl, whose history waa suoh a mystery to every one. The spot were ahe had been seen was about 400 miles from Washington. It was nb difficult task to make their way to the place. They fonnd a charming valley, with an area of over a hunded acres, around two sidss of which was a sheet of water marked on the anrveyora' maps as Moose Lake. Whatever timidity one or two men might have felt about entering the gloomy cava in whioh the mysterious wild girl had disap peared there was nothing of the kind on the part of the company that now made their way to the apot. You know that oowboya are proverbially a wild and reckless set of people, and as for the newspaper correspon dents, they will venture where even a Texan or Idaho cowboy dare not tread. The entranoe to the oavern waa on the border of the beantiful lake, but when the party halted and looked in they saw nothing out blank darkness on every hand, or rather in front, for they had not yet left the sunlight behind. They noticed that the flinty floor was worn almost smooth by the frequent pasaage of feet, doubtless those of the wild girl and her friends. 8tanding thus in what may be called the doorway of the cell one of the men shouted at the top of his voice "Halloa I" The tones reverberated along the vaulted ; passage and into the dismal depths, and then all were startled with a shrill, piping reply, which, while it bore little resemblanoe to human tones, evidently came from between the lips of some mortal like themselveB. "That isn't a girl's voice," remarked one .f the correspondents, stating a fact that was apparent to all, though he assumed: the air of one who was imparting valuable in formation. Die oompany were about to push farther when the being who had answered their hail presented himself. Daring as was every member of the in truding party, there was an involuntary recoil when they saw him-not with fear, bnt rather with horror. An old Indian, weak and tottering, with his long grey hair dang ling abuut his shoulders, a heavy staff & hand, and half covered with skins, placed himself in front of the party, as though hi did not intend to let them enter. He really meant to defy them, hot then WW nothing in his appearance to inspire fear, and be was pushed atide. The man at the head carried a flaming toroh above hie head, whioh lighted the fray through the winding! of the oavem. He harried falter than wis prudent, bnt they almost trod on hia heels. The tunnel wound in many direotiom, and the cavern waa divided into nntnerona apart ments, in the formation of whioh of ooan* the hand of man had bome no part. By-aod-by the leader with the toroh nttired an exclamation; for he stood at the doer ef the wild girl'i home. She waa mated «a the .kin of tome animal, and, after one terrified ?tare at the in traders, the oovered her faos with her bands, and sobbed aa if her heart wai breaking. Nothing was said to the poor child, nor did any one venture to go nearer to her. Bongh »nd reckless as were the men, they were filled with sympathy for the unfortu nate being whom they were anxious to befriend, bnt who looked upon them aa oruil enemies. They addresied themselves to the old Indian, bnt he waa found to be dnmb, and when one of the cowboys spoke in the Kes Peroe tongue he replied only with signs. Unable to believe that it was their duty to bring away the girl, the party withdrew from the oavem, and returned to Washington. Yon may be sore the newspaper men made the most of their Btranee experienoe. The accounts were published and widely oopied in other newspapers. Mr. H., in Denver, read one of these, and the thought at onoe flashed upon him that possibly this wild girl waa his own daughter, whom he supposed to have been dead tor some sears. He lost no time in harrying to Salmon River Valley, where, on the statement of his belief, he fonnd no trouble in organising a party to help him resone the waif. Two of the young men who had already seen her joined him. Under the guidanoe of these, they made their way to the oavern by the lake. They fonnd the Indian standing gnard at the door. He did not offer any resistance, for he most have seen that it was useless. He tottered In front of the party, and led the waystraight to where the girl was seated, as before, on the floor. She was olotbed in fnrs, and stared with the same wild expression at her visitors. "My daughter!" oalled out the father, rushing forward with outstretched arms. The old Indian tried to interfere, but he was dsshed aside, though the frightened child ntnsed to go to her parent. By mesas of signs, common among Nez Peroes, the old man was made at last to understand ths situation, and he oommunioated in the same manner what was told him to the ohild. He Sve hia consent that she should leave, and e father took hia ohild away. Though she failed to reoognise him he was hopeful that in Mme she would be able to reoall her early Infanoy before the frightful raid whioh:eost her mother her life and almost broke! ths heart of her father. It was learned that the ohild was taken by the dumb Indian directly after the death of her mother to his lonely home in the moantaini, where she was kept over eight years without hearing a human voioe or seeing a living person exoept the old man. He had been a member of the Nee Peroe tribe, bat as he was believed to be a wisard he was sentenced to have hia tongue out out and banished. Occasionally he visitsd the settlements, where he exchanged furs with the whites for powder and lead. His only food consisted of game, fish, roots, and ber ries, and his only olothing the skins of wild animals. The reoovery of the ohild is one ef the straneest incidents in the annals of the fne tUr. -Little Follce. 