BRITISH 8c FOREIGN. THE CROWN PRINCE OF AUSTRIA. .{By Telegraph from Albany.] ' [From onr 6wn Correspondent] ! v .Londoa, February 8. j Many conflicting statements are 'current respecting the ' circumstances of Prince Rudolph's death. The following narra tives supply the details of the Tendons most widely circulated:- j HOW THE PEINCB WANT MAD. , Prince Rudolph had been for the last threey ears at least living ins bad way. His disappointment at having no eon first estranged him from his wife, and his in fidelities completed the separation. Gradually it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached, were' leading a cat-and-dog life. The Prinoe took to drinking in excess. Of Blight build and nervons, lymphatic temperament, highly imaginative and excitable in character, he could not stand the me of wine. He lost interest in his literary pursuits and artistic studieB and was always craving for excitement. He did mad things, and whenont bear-shooting or deer-stalking was frequently seen with flushed face. He took pleasure more and more in loose society, and became smitten withfondnesB; for ghost stories and spiritualism, and was haunted with fear that he might become mad like Louis II. of Bavaria. He had an intrigue with a Baroness, Marie Yon M , a young lady twenty-one years of age, one of the beauties of, Austrian society. She belonged to an old Orach family, and was , the niece of a well - known Austrian sportsman. The acquaintance between thb Baroness and the Grown Prinoe began some months ago. This, in creased the estrangement between Prinoe Rudolph and Princess Stephanie, his wife, and the Prinoe Bcaroely made a secret of his determination to obtain a divorce He counted confidently upon receiving the assistance of the Emperor on aooount of the disappointment experienced by His Majesty when the doctors certified that the Grown Princess could not have further. issue. To the Crown Princes surprise and: disappointment, however, the Emperor point blank refused to countenance any- < thing of the kind. His Majesty professed himself, as he undoubtedly is, very muoh attached to the Crown Princess, and rated his son for his unnatural conduot. On Sunday, January 27, there was a terrible soene between the Prinoe and his wife. Prinoess Stephanie threatened to return to her parents in Belgium, and the Prince taunted her with having no son. The Emperor had to interfere. He told the Prinoe that he would appoint him as Governor of Bosnia, and oblige him to go and live at Serajevo. "There," he said, " yon will have to lead a repu table life, and there will be an end of all these scandals." At the same time the Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with her husband. The Grown Prince was seen for the last time in public at the Prinoess Reus's 'reception on that same Sunday evening. He was then wearing the Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flushed and some what flighty. Next morning his father sent for him and repeated what he had said the previous day, but with more peremptoriness, adding that he would give the Prinoe a week to make his submission and promise to lead a better life. Prince Rudolph got very angry, and left hi* father without kiBsing his hand according to the Austrian custom. Striding away to his apartments he took off his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, sent noteB to Prinoe Philippe of Oobnrg and Gount Joseph Hoyos inviting them to join him at Meyerling for a couple of days' shooting. Soon afterwards he started for Meyerling in a two-hone cab, driven by a man named Bratfisch, a noted singer of comic songs. On Tuesday night the Prinoe dined with Count Hoyos, and steadied his nerveB with a good deal of champagne. At first be was in very low spirits, but gradually brightened up, and after dinner Bratfisch, the cabman, was summoned to sing to him. The Prinoe and Gount Hoyos and Bratfisch remained together until 8 in the morning, but during the intervals between Bratfisch's songs .the Prinoe several times left the dining-room and *ent to the study to write letters, which were afterwards found on his desk. At3a-m. this singular company sepa rated on the understanding that the Prince would go out shooting at 9 o'clock in the morning. 