FABMERS AND PROTECTION. The following letter has been addressed lo j the editor oi The Arfpu:- I Sir,-Kver since ray first un>or:an&te; Setter | oe this subject in yoor columns i bare been . In continual receipt of pamphlets, new-' papers, sod letter* from pl&cee; bath near 1 borne and as far diet&nt; as Sidney, Bathoret, ] and Rockhamptoo, eome qaoting roe favour ably, eome abasing .me, bat all apparently; astoai&hed-firstly;, that a tanner should be \ a tree trader: and, secondly, that he shookl. know why be is so. Tbe last reference to { me is in l^e clever " Random Papers," ] by *" Qams," on an " Unlaid Ghost," j Tbere I am coupled with the well-known j *' tottlem&ker; ** in sopport of Mr. JoweUrs; argwoent in favour of free trade at the i recent debate cm tbe eubjeei bell by the I AostralUn Church Literary Society. In tbe ; report or Mr. Trenwitb's adirwe on that j occasion i 2nd that be also did me tbe\ bonocr oi reitrence in tbe following words : ? -"The iaimer who ba.4 been last referred ; to bad. no d' *cbt- made his csienlations on a : false bfeSK. He tod s-tarted with tbe ss^rcp- ; tkm that hit implements were taxed 25 per : tent, on a oersain cost, and chat if they bad oof been «.*.*»*. tfaey wool! hare cast him 25 pet cfcDi. Sen. Tbat was an errooeoa* tm ptcaaoo. Tbe i&ct; was that protection in rctora had cot only enabled the people to raascucrare a great deal of what was seed, giving tbe consumer a better article at a Sower priOP, bat it ha-i re tbe price oi ibe imported articles upon which deny is paid." Now, span this I join issue with ic'r. Trfowith, *3 tar as tbe farmers' industry is concerned. I don't pro faa to know rerr mccb a boat ether in dnstnes. t«s; vi:h respect to oat upon which Ml Trenwirh is asoet certiiniy a better j authority man I us, I mar eay that I find yet i that ii I want a gooi pair of t»jts I hare in , pay &e; much ior tbens as I ever did, thosgh I do cot cecr thai a bud psir cut be got below "the <41 price. And 1 find also thatI the euoe rule applies to eremiurtg tbat j I boy. Li I vant a p»l article I most par a higher price relatively than ; for a bad one of the same kind. Of cooree. I don't object to tbe bibber price in rueii, bat when I Know it is proportionately mccb higher, then I think tbat I have a right j to complain. lllostrations, however, are j better than arguments, and I don't know f that they are any worse lor being old ones:; Bad so I may take first that most nserai farmers' machine, a cbaffcatter worked by ? horse-power. These are stili imported, and ; the price of a Xa 1 when 1 last inquired was ' £24 doty paid, or £19 in bond; tbe price of a j colonial machine of the same size being also ; £34. It is no nee telling me thst tbe coiooi&I; j article is better than the imported, becasee i 1 have tbetn both, and there is really no differ- j ence between a good English machine and a j good colonial one. Now, ie it "an enoneons j unpreaeion " tbat in consequence of tbe doty ! 1 paid £5 more than its real value for my ; Rngtinfa machine, and am I not justified in " assuming" that I have also paid £5 too much tor my colonial one? I am patriotic to bay & Victorian article in pre co any other, and I would not eren object to pay a little extra for it, bat my patriotism does not extend to 25 per cent., and I really doubt if Mr. Trenwith or tbe machine maker would pay me any more for tbe chaff I cot with tbe colonial machine than for that cot with tbe imported one. Before the dnty on reapers and binders trae abolished I paid £90 for a M'Cormick machine. Immediately after the removal of the daty tbe price dropped to £75, ana afterwards to £70. Well, my " impression' u that 1 wat robbed by tbe Government of £20, and I "assume" that my machine wae taxed 25 per cent, on its value, and that 1 paid the tax. If dnties do not raise prices, wby wete the farmers so much exercieed fcboot the doty on bags and binding twine ? 1 know that tbe price of bags rose after tbe removal of tbe daty, bat that was doe to the sise in tbe price ot jute in India, and when the manufacture returned to its normal con dition the price of tbe article fell to its pre f ions price, less tbe daty. Tbe daty on cord cge is lis. 3d. per cwt, and "on white tines and other descriptions of cordage not otherwise specified (except coir yarn) /28f. per cwt." The dnty on twine (except icewing or seaming of Lemp. cotton, or flax) is 2£d. per lb. There has, 1 believe, been an immense amount of wisdom brought to bear .on the question " What is coir yarnf with a rTiew to a decision as to whether it couid be idsned as twine. It is this yam tbat is chiefly xised for binding sheaves, and it formerly paid the twine dnty, but is now exempt, tbe price to tbe farmer being reduced by the exact Sunonnt of the duty. In my early days I fcerred my apprenticeship as a sailor, and I am quite enre tbat if I bad then called r^'yarn" "twine," I should bare had the bo'feon after me with a rope's end. Bat Commissioners of Castoms are .not necessarily sailors any more than tFirst Lords of the Admiralty are. ?Galvanised wire netting paid 25 per cent dnty /tmtil in 1886 it was exempted from taxation. (The price when under duty was about £25 mile. I boaght a few weeks ago at £18, my " impression" is that if tbe daty vtrere still levied tbe price woald be as of old. 4 remember that a strong effort was made thave this tax retained, because some dy was going to start a manufacture of feting, and daring that time we bad to pay e good Government, that is so anxious to *miat agriculture, about £5 a mile for leave to fence our crops from tbe rabbits, which ran freely over the Crown lands. Quite recently 1 wanted a boiler. Tbe price asked for an Snglish one was £200, and £50 added tor Slaty. 1 bought one from the Phoenix (Foundry Company, at Ballarat, and a jcapital Jioiler it is, but that does JQOt prevent me from knowing that I jpaid something like £50 more than its trae jmarket value Mr, Trenwith will probably f>oint to tbe splendid works at Ballarat, which could not exist without tbis duty. Possibly so, but tbat does not add one penny to tbe price Igetfor my wheat; and as, judging t>y recent events, the Ballarat foundry-men can afford to knock off bailer-making and play at another sort of striking, I can't help thinking tbat. part of my £50 has been spent ju strike pay-very much against my will, i When tbe Exhibition was open, a friend of mine thought tbat he would like fin American buggy, and we inspected some which were shown by a Sydney firm. Tbe price of one chosen was £00 if delivered in Melbourne, or £45 if delivered at Albniy, where I should have to {>ay £20 duty on bringing-it across the bridge nto Victoria. Mr, Trenwith, in Jiis speech at the Australian Church, said tbat he was told that axles are cheaper gince the daty was im posed, though " it varied from 3B, to 20s. an Mm." As a member of Parliament Mr. .Etsnwith should " verify his quotations" fs wt duties, Had he dope bo in this ill* ! stance be would baw discovered that tae idatf on ul« is Sri, k 6-1.. *«.. arrf 10a r>er arm. according to description ; and mail I axles are certain !y -1<wrer ^ the exact amount i of the dotjr. Of tbe rest I cannot speak ; | bnt if an article can be b>a«ht at one priae in band, and only at that price with tie duty added out of bond. I can't h*lp hvricE I tbe " impression" that it ia jost that much | dearer than if it were almitte-i free, i Turning for a moment from import to ex port duties, I saw tbe other day that Mr. Trenwith was very anxioas to add to tiie solitary 'scrap iron tax an export dot; on sheep skins, which, on pelts, won'd vary frxn 25 to 50 per cent, in tbe value, taking that to be tbe price quoted in Tk*. A ww oi tbe same j date. Sow. there t£ nothing sorer than that tbe daty tbss levied woald come oo: cf the ! pocket of tbe farmer wbo fattened and sold tfce sbeepL When tbe Farmers' Protection Assodauan asked the Trader-ball to as sist diem in obtaining an export bonas on wbeat, lie. Trenwitb, as spokesman, met tbem-quite rightly-with a point blank remsa.1. Bnt where does tbe difference com? in, except, indeed, that the tellmongers' industry is a very small metropolitan one. and tbe farmers* industry is tbe largest and meet important in tbe colon; ? Shall I tell the etorr orer again oi atr ssssH toUei-smil p'.ics, which cost £300 more in Melbourne than it woald hare cost in either Sydney or Adelaide? Better, perhaps, that Mr. Trenwitb should rieit tbe Yam RolJer : Mills, and learn there the enarmocs' peneJty mfiieted on the spirited pro prietors tor daring to erect, probably, tbe ' finest Soar mills in this hemisphere. That \ is enconrarins; natire industry with a ven ; gesnoe f I seed not say anytbiag either ' about cast- iron pipes-tbe story is too old ; \- bet I mar mention portable engines, now so much nsed in irrigation, or pomps and pomp ; star^?, borseworks, and horserakes, with . sai tbe other machines and implements on ' which farmers' pay 25 per cent, duty at : least. I know- that many tanners are now crying I : for additional protection on their produce, | ; bat in the great majority of cases tfcis is | mereJy because they consider that they cocbt to bare a Sneer in tbe pie which they hire helped to fiJL As yoor con tribe tor " Qairis ** says, the question of free trade and protection is sap posed to be dead aim boned, bat its gbosi is still anlaid, and a few at as are yet in hopes that we may see " tbe ghost walk," in tbe theatrical sense, and the Trea surer return to as some of the b&rd-earaed; money we bars paid him : or, at feast, that we may be excased from paying him aay more. -Tours, it, SAUl'EL KINDER. Wedderbanx, Jon? 3. 