The Ingoldsby Legends. BY THOMAS INGOLDSBY, ESQ. THB BLACK MOUSQUEIAmE-£eo|ttji«ri. Who cu?Bj frim"iimaeK jt Bitter cafta when \ you feel 'env i~ fe fe jy \ Are not eared by travel^-as Horses jawsi Km animum mutant oiii currant Irani wirfl It's dimatr, not mind, that by roaming; men vary— Remorse for temptation to which you have yielded, is A shadow you can't sell as Peter Scblemil did bis; It haunts you for ever—in bed and at board- Ay, c'en in your dreams, And you can t find, it seems, Any proof that a guilty man ever yet snored ! It is much if ha slumbers at all, which but few- Francois Xavier Augusts was an instance — can do. Indeed, from the time He committed the crime Which cut off poor sUtsr Therese in her prime, He was not the Bame man that ha had been— his plan Was quite changed—in wild freak* ho no more led tbe van; He'd scarce sleep a wink in A week; but sit thinking. From company shrinking— He quite give up drinking At tha mess-table, too, where now seldom he came, Fi>h, fricauu, fricandeau, potage, or game, Dindon ottr tnffa, or turbot & la crime, Xo !—he Btill thouk his head,—it was always the same, Still he never complained that the couk was to blame! 'iv.. >.:- > P p«tite £«fl"d him—no matter how And nchcrchi tho dub, how delicious tho fare,— What he used to like best he no longer could bear; But he'd sit there and stare With an air of dnpair; Took no care, but would wear Boots that i wanted repair; j Such a shirt too! you'd think he'd no linen to spire. He omitted to fhave; he neglected his hair, And 1.x V.1 more like a Guy thin a guy Mous quetaire. One thing, above all, moat excited remark ; In the evening be eei.lom wit long after dark. Not that then, as of yorr, he'd go out for " a lark " With hu friends; but when they, After taking eafi. Would have broiled bones and kidney) brought in on a tray, —Which I own I comider a very good way. If a man's not dyspeptic, to wind up the day- No permission an earth could induce him to stay ; But he'd Uke np hi) candlestick, just nod his head, By way of " Good evening!" and walk off to b.d. Vet even when there he aeemed no better off. For he'd wherz-, and he'd sneeze, and he'd hem! and he'd cough. And they'd bear him all night, Sometimes sobbing outright, While hil valet, who often endeavour'd to peep, Declared that" bis master was never asleep ! But would Bigh, and would K^n, slap his forehead, and weep ; That about ten o'clock" His door he would lock, And then never would open it, let who would knock!— He had heard him," he said, " Sometimes jump out of bed. And talk v if speaking to one who ni dead I He'd groan, and he'd moan, In so piceous n tone, Begging some one or other to let him alone, Thdt it really would soften the heart of a stone To hear him exclaim so and call upon Heaven, Then—the bother began always just at dettn ! " Francois Xavier Auguste, as I've told you before, I believe was a popular man in his eorpt, And his comrades, not one Of whom knew of the Nun, Now began to consult what was best to be done. Count Corden Bleu And tho Sieur da la Rone Confeu'd they did not know at all what to do: Bat the Chevalier Uippolyte Hector Achille Alphonse Stanislaus Einile de Grundville Made a fervent appeal To tbe zeal they must fee! For their friend, so distinguished an officer's weal. " The first thing," he said, " was to find out the matter That bor«d their poor friend so, and caused all this clatter— ilort de ma tie!" —Hera he took some rappee— "Be the cause what it may, he shall tell it to me!" He was right, sure enough—in. a couple of days He norms out the whole story of Sister Tbercee, , • Sow entomb'd, poor dear soul 1 in some Dutch fere la. Chaut. . —"But the worst thing of all," Francois Xavier declares, "1% whenever Tve taken my candle np stairs. There's Theresa sitting there—upon one of those chairs I Such a frown, too, she wears, and so fright fully glare;, That I'm really prevented from saying my pray'rs, i Whiie an odour, tha very reverse of per fume, — More likn rhubarb or senna, pervades tha whole room!" Hector Acbille Stanislaus Emile, When he heard him talk so felt an odd tort of feel; j Not that he cared for Ghosts—ha was far too genteel; Still a qneerUh sensation came on when he saw Him, whom, for fun, They'd, by way of a* j pnn On his person and principles nick-named Sam Foi, A man whom they bad, you see, Mark'd as a Saducee, — In his horns, all at once, so completely to draw, And to Ult of a Ghost with such manifest awe! It excited tha Chevalier Graadville's surprise ; He Bhrugg'd up his shoulders, be turned up his eyes, And he thought with hi.naoif that h. could not do leu Thac lay the whole matter before the whole • men. Repetitioo'd detestable; —So ai you're best . »b!e P^int to younelf the effect at the Mess-table— Huw the bold Brigadiers Prick'd up their cars, And received the account, some with fears, come with sueera. How the Sieur de la Roue Said to Count Currfon t-'leu, " itafoi—e'ett bien dtte —Slonseignenr, what Buy you }" How Count Cordon Bleu Declared he "thought so too;" — How tbe Colonel afSrm'd that " tha case mi quite new ;" — How the Csptaitu and Majors Began to lay wag< ri How far the Ghost part of the story was true; — •- -:>-." — How, at bat, when asked "What was the best thing to do f^r ■•"<:- -_f Everybody was silent,—for nobody "knew !— And how,-in the end. they suid, "No one could deal ■' ■' ' ' "■"■ - "■•■ "- With the matter so well; from bis prudence and EwJ, ■■■.■. ■•- ..' ■.. ; ; .-'■- _■ As tha Gentleman who was the first to reveal This ntniuge stury—-viz. Hippulyte Hector Acbil.o .. Alphunae SUnulaus Emile de Graudviile !" I need scarcely relate Tha plans, little and .' great, ■ .. : Which came into the Chevalier Hippolyte's '. -v pate .:....-. To rescue- bis friend from bis terrible foes, Those mischievous Imps, whom the world, I : .-' suppose From extravagant notions respecting their' ; :hne, ... »a Has strangely agreed to denominate "Blue," Inasmuch aa bis schemes weie of no more avail Than those be h»3, early in lifr, found to fail, When ha strove to lay salt on some little bird's Uil. In vain did he try With strong waters to HU friend, on the ground that he never amid »py Sc?" Such a thine as a Ghost, with a, drop inchis eje ;*i & ■ "** s#- 4f •" #> ;* ' St. Foix nsyerarould dnnfcnoWnnliis hi mi dry; ftf $? § % ~« IS $ s ': Betides, whst^tho vulgar .call " •u&ingjtie; monkey" *" ' v- » Has much Icm effect on a man when he's funky. In vain did be atrive to detain him at table Till hia " dark hour" was over—he never was abl«\ Save once, when at Mcs.», With that sort of address, Which the Britith cull " Humbug," and the Frenchmen '" Fincue " (lie "Blarney" in Irish—l don't know the Scotch,) He fell to admiring bis friend's English watch.* He examined the face. And the back of the cue, • And the youog Lady's portrait there, done on enamel, he '* Saw by tht likeness was one of the family ;" Cried " Superbt {—llagnytqut 1" (With his tongue in his chetk)— Then he opened the caw, juit to take a peep in it, and Seized the occuion to pop back the minute hand. With a demi-tonje, and a shrug, and n grin, he Returns tha bijm and— cat une offatrefnie— " I've dorm him," thinks be, " now I'll wager ' a guinea I" It happen d that day They were all very 'Twas tbe ffronci 3/onargue'x birthday—that if, 'twits St. Louis', Which in Catholic countries, of course, thej would view aa hu— . r.U ■■■■ ~~ „.._ uiyfuijie ~.n HUB. aOOttt to withdraw, • He cried, " Come—that won't do, my fine fellow, St. Foix,— Give ua fire minutes longer, and drink Yin U Jloi 1" Francois Xavicr Auguste, Without any mistrust, Of the trick that was play'd, drew his watch from bis fob, Juit glanced at the hour, then agreed to " hob nob," Fill'd a bumper, and rose, With "iliuicun, I proDOae—" He paused—Mi bl&nch;'d lips fail'd to'utter the tout. 'Twas eleven I—he thought it hilf-paat ten at moat— Ev'ry limb, nervr, and muscle grew stiff as a post,— His jaw dropp'd—his eyes Swell'd to twice their own aize— And he stood ai a pointer would stand—at a Ghost! —Then thriek'd, at he fell on the floor like a atonr, "Ah! Sister Thereto! sow—do lot me alone!" It's amazing by sheer perseverance what men do,— As water wears stone by tbe " Sttpe cadendo," If they stick to Lord Somebody's motto, " Jgtndq I" Was it not Robert Bruce I—l declare I've forgot. But I think it was Robert—you'll find it in Scott— Who, when cursing Dame Fortune, was taught by a Spider, " She's sure to come round, if you will but abide her." Then another great Rob, Called " White headed Bob," Whom I once raw receive such a thump on the " nob " From a fiat which might almost an elephant brain, That I really believed, at tho first, he was slain. For he lay like a lug on his back on the plain, Till a gentleman present accustomed to train, Drew out a small lancet and opened a vein Just below bis left eye, which relieving the pain, He stood up like a trump, with an air of dis dain, While his " backer " was fain—For he could not refrain — . . (He was dresa'd in pea-green, with a pin and gold chain, And I think I bes.nl somebody call him " Squire Hayne,") To whisper ten aordt one should always retain, —" Take a suck at the vatos axd at nui again ! 11".,. A hint ne'«r mrpaaa'd, though thus spoken at random,-^:. Since Teucer'sapostrophe— NUdaparandum ! Granvule acted on it, and ordcr'd bis Tandem. \Q ■ • He had Heard St Foix say, That no veiy great way From Namur was a snug little town called Grasdpre, Near which, a few miles from ths banks of the Maese, Dwelt a pretty twin-sister of poor DearTherese, Of the same age, of course, the same father, same mother, And aa like to Therese as one pea to another ; She liv'd with her Mama, Having lost her Papa, Late of contraband tchnapt an unlicensed distiller, . ' •■.,- - : And her name waa Dei Moulina (in English \- Mits Miller). Now, though Hippolyte Hector " Could hardly expect her To feel much regard forher sister's "protector," When she'd seen him so shamefully leave and neglect her; Still, be very well knew In this world there are few But are ready much Christian forgiveness to show, For other folk's wrongs—if well paid so to do— And he'd seen to what acts " Rtt Anguita " compel Uaax And bettet wboss affairs have once got ont at elbow*, . . With the magic effect of a handful of crowns Upon people whose pockets boast nothing but "browns:" A few frana well applied He'd no doubt would decide Miss Agnes Dcs Moulins to jatnp up and ride As far as head-quarters, next day, by his side; Fur the distance was nothiog, to speak by comparison. To the town where tbe Housquetaires now lay in garrison; : Then be thought by tbe aid Of a veil, and gown made . like those wurn by the lady his friend had betray'd, . ■.. They might dress up Miv Agnes so like to the Shade Which be fancied he saw, of that poor injured maM, Come each night, with her pale face, his guilt to "pbrnid: ■ That if once introduced U> his room, thus array'd, And then unmask'd as soon as she'd long enough stay'd, Trould bo no very difficult Utk to persuade Him tbe whole wai a scurvy trick, cleverly play'd, ' .• . Out of epite and revenge, by a mischievous jadel ■•■:■••■.-,. With respect to the echsme—though I do not call that a gem— . S:ill I've known soldier's adopt a worse strata gem. And that, too, among the decided approve™ Of General Sir David DondasVManoeuvrea." There's a proverb, however,"* I've always thought clever, ! Which my Grandmother never ni tired of repeating, . ".The proof nf the pudding is found in the eating 1" Wa sbatl sco in the sequel, bow Hector Achille Had mix*d up the suet and plums for Aw inenl. The night had set in;—*tw.<s a dark and a gloomy one :— Off went St. Foix to bis chamber; a roomy Five stories high, Tho first floor from (be 'ky, And l..|ty enough to afford great facility For plating a game, wiih tbe youthful nobility, Of '• crack corps," a deal in Request, when they're fetliug, In dull country quarters, ennui on them strai ns; A net wafer's applied To a sixpence's side, Then it's spun with the thumb up to stick on the ceiling; , Intellectual amusement, which custom allows old droops,— I've seen it here practised at horns by our Houtehold troops. * "Tompion's, I presume!"—Fab^chab, He'd a table, ana bed, And three chain; and nil's *aid— A bachelor's barrack, where'er you discern it, you're Sure not to find overburtheu'd with, furniture. Fran;ois Xavier Augusts lock'd and-bolted his door -*■ "With just tie .same caution h»'d practised I "before;- ':^^?^^^S' Little ha'knew 'That.the CountTCordon ■Bleu, -: v: !^; '.'• '■'■< »S. ■;.'■'& i With Herfor A'cbilit, and lhe;Bieafo di; 1«. Had been up there dtore him, and drawn ov'ry icrnw 1 ' And now cornea the moment—the watches and clocks All point to eleven —the bolts and the locks Qivo way—and the part; turn out their bag fox !— With step noiseless and light, .'Though half in a fright, A cup in her left hand, a draught in her right, In her robe long and black, and'her veil long »nd white, . ' Ua'amaelle Agnes dcs Moulin* walks in as ■ Sprite!— She approaches tbe bed With the tame silent trend ■. ; Just astbough she had been at least half a yeardoad I Then touting herself on the " rush-bottsm'd -chair," Throws a cold stony glance at the Black lloufquetaire. If you're ono of the " play-going public," kind reader, And not a Moravian or rigid Seceder, You've seen Mr.Kean, I mem in that scene Of Macbctb, —by some thought tho crack one of the piece, Which has been so well painted by Mr. M'Clisc,— When he mints, after having stood up to say Rrace,* . To ait duwn to his haggie, and can't find a You roiueuiuci uu iuiio At Uio high-back'd arm-chair, Where the Ghost sits that nobody cUe knows is there, ■ . . ■■: • And'how,.utter saying "Whit man dares I dare!" . ■ • He proceeds to declare He should not so much care If it o<mo in the shape of a "tiger" or "bear," But he dou't like it linking its long gory hair! Wtiilo the obstinate Ghost, as determined to brave him, With a horrible grin, Sits, and cocks up h'u chin, Juit as though he was asking the tyrant to shave him. And Lennox and Rosso Seem quite at a lost If they ought to go on with their sheep's head and sauce 1 And Lady Macbeth looks uncommonly cros<, And aays in a huff It's all" Proper Btuff!"— All this you'll have Been, Header, otter enough; So perhaps 'twill assist yoa in forming some notion Of what must have been Francois Xivitr'n emotion If you fancy what troubled Macbeth to be doulltd. And, instead of one Banquo to stare in hit face Without" speculation," suppose he'd a brace 1 I wish I'd poor Fuseli's pencil, who ne'er I bel ieve was exceeded ia painting,the terrible, Or that of Sir Joshua Reynolds, who was so a-droit in dtpicting it—ride hi« piece Descriptive of Cardinal Beaufort* decease, . Where that prelate is lying, Decidedly dying. With the King and his suite, Standing juat at bis feet. And his hands, as Dame Quickly jay*, fumb ' ling the sheet; While, close at bis ear, with the air of a ■corner, .. "Busy, meddling," Old Nick's grinning up in the corner. But painting's an art I confess I am raw in, Tbe fact is, I never took lesaons in drawing. Had I done so, instead Of the lines you have read, I'd have given you a sketch should hare fill'd you with dre*d 1 Francois Xavier Augusie squatting up in his bed, His hands widely spread, His complexion like lead, Ev'ry hair that ha has standing up on his head, ;-*>si%^--t'--.;, .■ As when, Agnes dcs Moulini first catching bis view, ' -:'i I Nsw right, and now left, rapid glances he threw, ' ;,'"■. Then ahriek'd with a wild-and -unearthly lmlloo, "ifon Ditul via deux! :Bt TOE-Pora T£l£KE ARE TWO! ! I ■ _ Hn fell back—one long aspiration he drew, In flew De la Roue, And Count Cordon Bleu, ;. „"• £";■' ' Pommade, Pomme-de-terre,: and -thji rest of their crew. :*, . \k, •-' He stirr'd not,—he Bpoke^ot,—ha none of them knew ! ' t And AchiUe cried ! . I fear, by his looks, ~ ' ■'-■ Our friend, Francois Xavier, has popp'doff the hooks !" , 'Twas too true ! Malheurcuxll It was done! —ho had ended his earthly <*!;. career, — -'J"'- 1;/-' He' h«d gone off at once with a flea in his i- 'vi <''#■•'s&'***' .The Black Mousquetaireffiwu' as dead as ;.■..-.". SmaUOje^-IS^^&C; 'A. moral more in,*point I "scarce.could hope Than this, fromilr. Alexander; Pope. If ever chance should bring some Cornet gay And pious Maid, —as, possibly, it may,— From Knightabridge Barracks, and tbe shades serene Of Clapham Rise, as far as Kensal Green; O'er some pale marble when they join their heads ' To kias the falling tears each other sheds ; Ohl may they paxse!—and think, in silent awe, : •■ ' . He, that he reads the words, "Ci git St. Foix!" She, that the tombstone which her eye surveys Bean this sad line, —" Hie jactt Saur Thaatl"— Then shall they sigh, and weep, and mur muring say, v "Oh ! may we sever, play such tricks as theyl"— And if at such a time some Bard there bt, Some sober Bard, addicted much to tea And sentimental song—liko Ingoldsby— If such there bs—who sings and sips so well, Let him this sad, this tender storytell! Warn'd by .the tale, the gentle pair shall boast, "I've'scaped the Broken. Heart!"—'and I, the Ghost"!! ;' . , : ; * May good dlgention watt on'appetite, « nil Eml in oui~u^.-.>*»*.<*. — ~ 