? i .Religious ^News.:'. /a ' . A BRITISH AND EOEEKJN. ' - Of tho English bench of bishops twelve are' pledged'abstainers. ' ' The .foUowers of Father M'Glynn, in Now York, arp raising funds to purphase him a house. Several thousand, dollars hivp already been subscribed, , . It is estimated that in Paris 60,000 persona who formerly were sceptics havo been brought to Christian faith through the agency of the M'All Mission. ' ' The Bev. Gr. Clark Love, of Killeter, in the \ Donegal Presbytery, at its late mooting, an nounced hiB intention of emigrating to Australia ; on account of his health. ' Bishop Sandtord, lately of Tasmania, has lost one of his daughters by death in Scotland. The biehop is now actively engaged in his work as coadjutor to the Bishop ot Durham Tho Pope is said to havo secretly left -the Vatiosn for 24 hours reoemly.' He went to : Carpineto to see a dying brother, nnd travelled to and fro by night with the utmost precau tions to conceal hix identity. ' Btv. Dr. Strong, of New York, recently stated chat the Evitngelietio Al'.iiinoj in Phila delphia found one woman who was a member in regular standing of 13 Bupiint churchea and was receiving aid from all oi them. An old ohureh in Cahokia, Illinois, U.S.A., which wbb built in 1684 of cudar logs, was torn down a few weeks ago to make way for a more modern building. Tuere Wure ouly two churches in Atneiica— at St. Augustine and Santa Fa— which were older. There has lately been a great increase of proselytieiugenergry among the Roman Catholics at Oxford. It is reporied that Lord St. Gyros, son and heir of the present Lord Iddesleigh, and an undergraduate of Magdalen, his been received into the church of Rome. Captain Bundy, of Chicago, a religious euthusiatt, has built a steam gospel ship, aud is making a tour of the lakes in her, stopping at various towns along the way to hold religious services. He is accompanied by his daughter, and pays his expenses largely hiinBelf. The Lordon Hospital Sunday collections, though etill incomplete, reach a totnl ef £35,000. Bbv. Canon Fleming, of Chester Square church, was able to forward £1,007 123. ?id. to the fund — said to be the largest off ertory ever received from one church. The Bishop of Ballarat aud Bishop Barry will take a prominent part at tha Cardiff Church Congress, in October next, particularly in the dipcuesiun on the reciprocal relationship between thp church at home, and its foreign and colonial mifeions. The Bishop of St. Albans is going to resign during tho autumn, his age and health render ing his remaining longer impossible. There are several persons mentioned as possible suc cessors to him, but Lord fiaUsbnry will have to find a rich man, as the bishop will keep half the income. Dr. Barnardo's HomeB for Destitute Chil dren now shelter more than 3,000 children, and comprise within the sccpe of their 38 insti tutions a vast number of agencies for the material, moral, and spiritual benefit of thb poor of East London. Over £100 a day is re quired for food alone. Donations are urgently heeded. Mr. D. A. Hoste, of the China Inland Mission, writes from Shansi : ' The work here at present is hi many respeots similar to that which went on during our Lord's ministry, namely, healing the body of large numbers, and preachine and teaching of a comparatively small bedy pf disciplPB.' The Hon. Gertrude Kinnaird recently visitod Southampton and gave some forcible addresses to the navvies engaged at work on the dpok. With their wives and families they threnged around her. Duiing the men's dinner hour Miss Kinnaird visited them at the extension works, and gave addresses which were most attentively listened to. The Bov. William Scott, of Albion Church, Hull, who has accepted the pastorate of the Congregational Chnrch at Brisbane, will not leave England for Queensland until after the autumnal meetings of thp Congregational Union. Mr. Scott has been in Hull seven years aB pastor of the church in which Bev. Newman Hall commenced hi? ministry. i Mr. Jpsiah Nix, of the Wesleyan West Oen tral Mission, London, has commenced a Sunday afternoon open-air evangelistio service. He has about 300 workers to help him, and Urge con gregations gather to listen to the preaching of the Gospel On Sunday lost the service, took place in Hyde Park, and was conduoted by Bev. Hugh Price Hughes. On the two pre vious Sundays it was held in Begent's Park. When the Shah visited Hatfield House (the residence ef Lord Salisbury), he was muoh struck with the magnificent chapel iu which service is daily said whilst Lord Salisbury and the family are in residence. The Shah wished to know u all the English nobility had prayer houses, and was amazed to learn that the son of thp Prime Minister was thp parish prioat in Hatfield. Thp annual assembly of tho United Metho dist Free Churches of England waB opened on July 9, at Bedruth, in Cornwall, when between 200 and 300 representatives were present from all parts of the country, as well as from East Africa, Jamaica, Now Zealand, Sierra Laone, Victoria, and Tasmania. The Bev. Ralph Aberorembie, editer of tho connexicnal maga zine, was eleoted president, and the Bev. M. T. M yers, connexional secretary. Cardinal Lavigerie has addressed a letter: to M. Brincat, b« well hnown for his labours in tho anti-slavery movement, annpuueing that a cempotitipn is to bp held for the comppsitipn.of a cantata dealing with the abolition pf African slavery. Prizes pf 1,000 und 600 francs ore effered ; and the works te whioh the firat aud eecpnd prizes may bo adjudged will be per formed at Lucerne by one of tho Swiss ohoral societies. Thp Bishop of St. Albans (England) has sanctioned the use of a speoiol burial service over unbaptiBed persons ; and it has been used at Cpggcshair parish ohuroh over thp remainB of a well known Essex solioitor, a regular attendant, at his parish church, who had deolined to accept the rite of baptism, though his spn was phuroh warden ef (he parish church. Dr. Claughten dedicates, but does , not oonsoorato, burial grounds in Mb diocese where there is a burial board. Mr. W. B. Bradlaugh has just completed^ a. moBt successful mission at Now Swindon, among the men employed in the Great Western Bail way worke. A special feature of this work has been the dinner- hour services. The ordinary plaoe of meeting outside the works , being too small, Mr. Bradlaugh delivered his lecture, V Infidelity— Its Cause and Cure,' in the Market Square. Large quantities of his anti infidel literature have been soattered among the men, and mnoh good has been accomplished. 1 The' BuBsian Minister of Finanoe intends, to tsx the property of the Protestant churohes in tbe Baltic provinces, which has hitherto been exempt from land taxes, and is capable of adding a very respectable amount to the revenue. This. measure ia oommontod upon aB ono of the series of reforms by whioh tho central Gcvernment .is nPw thpipughly Bus trying tho pld Gorman institutions of the Bal tio provinces. To diminish the influenoe of the German Protestant clergy in these provinces is ono of theohief aims of thoBuprome authorities. : The progressive party in Wesleyan Methodism hail with satisfaction the. appointment of the new president as chief of tbe book department, and his accession to ollioo ia being regarded as one of the most gratifying events in the modern ' history, of MothodiBm. It has long be'en; felt ? that the polioy of the opnnexipnal book-room has been muoh too timid and traditional,- and', that with suoh'monopolies and : rosouroes' three ' or four times 'the 'amount of annual ^profits might easily bb cooured, if tho management1 were. - in younger' - bonds:-- and more ' vigorously carried forward; i ? . ?- ?- ? ;;i ':? ? '?- ?? ? ???:?-.. pespatobes from Borne received at New York aimounoe that tho Pope has appointed a supreme Ecoloeiastical Tribunal of tho Catholic Church for the United States, to whioh all matters ccnoerning Ohuroh polity, directly or indirectly, and «1bo all other ocoloBiaslioal matters will be referred for final adjudication. Matters affeoting Church dpgmas will bo sub jeotto rcvitwby the Propaganda pn appeal. The tribunal ceseists of Cardinal Gibbons, Arch binlop of Baltimore ; ' Monsignor Oorrigan, i ? Archbishop' of New York; and Monsignor Byan, Archbishop of Philadelphia. ' t Canon Liddon preaohed to a crowded opngre* gation in St. Paul's, London, .lately, the first ' ot a BerieB of sermons on the Magnificat. It was sot, he said,' absolutely original, being; ? largely modelled on Hannah's after the birth oS i SamneL Having pointed ont in detail tha ; similarity between the two hymns, Dr. Liddoa referred to Strauss' a criticism that if the Vir- ' gin's hymn was inspired from on high, there ' would have been more originality in it, and remarked that the Holy Ghost was not bound! ' to adopt thp exact degree of originality which, ? might approve itself to a modern literary man , of a sceptical turn of mind. The only organised body of Moslems in Eng- i land is in Liverpool ; and they worship in a ; email ohapel in Mount Vernon street. They lately prepared an illuminated address ; and ; upon it being intimated to the Shah that they desired to personally make the presentation, ' his Majesty asked to bo supplied with a draff: j copy. He approved of the address, and ex pressed considerable interest in the fortunes of Ms oo-religipnisfs. Time was pressing with the { Shah. . So he asked that a short statement i of the history of the Moslem movement sh inld be prepared and presented to him along with tho address in Manchester. ? The well informed correspondent of tha - Foiitiche Corretpondenz at tbe Vatioan sends ! some interesting details about, the Pope's i htolth. He says that thate have been exag gerated reports about the Holy Father's growing : feebleness, the truth being that for a man in : his 79th year the Pope is remarkably healthy : and active. His Holiness's dootor, however, had lately to use a pious stratagem in order to prevent him from going to inhabit tha - casino of Piua IV. in the gardens of tha Vatican, as they considered this auminec pavilion too damp. The correspondent adds that the Pope was naturally agitated by the discussion raised on the projects for removing; the Papacy from Borne. This question, bow- ? ever, was definitely settled in the secret con- ; sietcry held at the end of Jnne, when it was decided that hiB Holiness should leuvo Borne as soon as he received positive information from a friendly Power that a war was imminent in which Italy would take part. Dr. Parker (says the Suroptar. Hail of August 16) is intent on a big scheme. 'That is the chuich I want to see,' he exclaimed, in advocating his open church scheme at New castle ; ' not some little walled off place that contains its own little deities, but the church of love, sympathy, hopefulness ; not tho ohuroh which ignoreB God or undervalues theology, but which believeB that in the humnn heart there may be consent and unity, whereaa on the human tongue there may be all manner of difference and controversial expression. Young men, I want you to join this church. A formal statement of the plan will appear in duo time. I havep-ily begun to sketch it. Now I am speaking cut of the feelings of my heart, and will claim the right to revise and readjust any thing which may have escaped me iu extern poraneouB speaking. My meaning, however, is clear enough — that we are seeking to consti tute a larger church, an inclusive church, a church that shall not override or injure any other church, to include the whole in one testi mony of reliance upon Christ, aud search after 