VICTORIAN FOOTBALL ASSO CIATION. The Inst ordhuuy meeting of the Victorian football Association lor the year was neia on Friday night ; Mr Angas L\ans iu the chair. INTERCOLONI&r.; MATCHFS. TheM.C.C. stated their willingurfb to grant the use of their ground for tho imcrcolunial niatchts Victoria v. Tasmania, on the 18th Mnv, and Victoria v. Northern District of N.& Wt, on the 13th July, on the usual terms. Nomination ov omcb-bkarkks. The following anuouncemcnt of nomina tions wrs made President, Mr F. G. Smith ; vice-presidents (2), Messrs A. G. hlajor (South Melbourne), A. MCracken (Esaendon), R. W. Best, M.L.A., (Fitzroy), aud J. J. Morris (Melbourne) ; hon. treasurer, Mr Arthur Stooke (St. Kilda) ; and hon. secretary filr T. G. Man-ball (Carlton). The Univehsitt Club. The resignations of MrR. II. M4Ieod and Mr J. F. C. Jame?, as delegates for the Uni versity Club, were received with regret, it bav- jug been disbanded. Mr Marshall read the ammat report, as fol lows Id accordance with the rules of cur constitution 1 hsvemudt ftlettsnre in subiDittins tiie SecreUr) 's Itc- Dort for ist-b'.!. In doing so Uht year I congratulated the Associa tion on the fact thai not one oafc o misconduct on th« part ol islayers hnd liecn rej»orted to 11s. Vn- fortunately the juut season told a dlfTorcnt Ule, as many r.iglitb were taken up investigating charges laid a?a:ist jila.ren: for rough play or unsceuilv oonduct while 011 the field. Although in oae or two coses the charges laid were deemed to be frivolous, still it can not be denied that in others the evidence disclosed the fart mat there ore certain men playing . our game whose obseree from the field would oe 110 1 great loss. Incite dual player?, however, are scarcely so much to blame, when we consider that some teaiju enter the fit tf with no shadow of friendly feeling towards their antagonists, the result beinu that our tramc is brought Into disrepute by the uuautv rough play and nufty spirit displayed. Coniuultec? ol clubs are. in my opinion, frequentlv much tohhmeforthisoulconjr, Ml hare liraid re marks made in their excitement, about opposing clubs and players by presumedly sane committee men that reriaiuiy vers uot conducive tu a continuation of fneudly match. I think committees can, andshould, do a great deal ; iu promotiug a wore friendly feelinc between clubs by 'excluding from tlieir ranks any player calculated to tinug their club ioLo disrepute, by extending to ' visiting players and committees a certain amount of courtesy, and by expressing theiropiuleiis Of umpires and opposing players in a less boisterous and open fashion. Committees must not usurp the prerogative of the genus "Imrracker," and rob him of the delight ful privilege ol abusing umpires and plsvoratotbe top of his bent I do not for one moment say that all clulis or committeemen should be incluaed in this category, but 1 aw sure it will be admitted that uiony of you have had experiences of this kind. The phy during the past season lias i>cen, on the whole, of an increasingly safefactoiy nature. The matches were, in many instances, very exciting ; the end of the term Onditig South Uelltournc premiers forlb&S.; Their play during the entire season was, with one exception, most consistcot ; and, from first to lost, was ot such an exemplary character that young and ambitious clubs would do well to take a lesson in ducipUne froui last season's premiere. Geelong, as the v "always do. played a most meri torious game, while Williamstown obtained third place. Tne season was notable for the reversal of form On the part ot the Carlton, who, previous to tbeir trip to Ta«manii, played in euch style as to lead theirsupportmfoexpectthcmtoiaiid the premiership, but the 18S7 premiere woefully fell away on their re turn from that too hospitable island, emend on. on toe other band, gained increased strength and Conn by their visit to Adelaide oppooitca arblto I dare not attempt to reconcile. I do not think ) need particularise every team, but, as showing the inconsistsades of tome of our clubs, I would like to say that South Melbourne was only beaten twice, oca that by Richmond and Kortb Melbourne, while, on the next Satiuday. the former vanquishers of our premiere were themselves hasten ly Footacray. Problem — Richmond defeats fiouth Melbourne and Footscray defeats Richmond. Where should Footscray be placed on toe premiership Ust f Baring last season an English (earn of Rugby footballers visited Australia. While here tbey essayed to play our game. I nit tbeir success was not remark able. Tbeir tenure to matter Us scientific points prored attfae Aia- i ??tn coS«tin vhdt df the Endlto team, 1 toe community vtojnocaed at Ibe lamentable death | jby drowning hi itelrtsptMB,fididoii. I -A fund tofilnca Asnemotiil over his gnrewas 1 1nitiated, ondthif Anociat ion subscribed handsomdv Mowardsit. 1 "The Nnwood (South Ausfcndii) also visited Vic- I toria last year, and She cames tbey played here braved v<mduifref)rTllMt toe day Is not far distant when the South AusttallanseilHtieablc to put a team in the field able to bold iu own against toe best Vic toria can produce. Lost November a conference of intercolonial dele gates washeld to amend the laws of the game. The alteration! effected. It is hoped, will etill further inuworc our game. „ , I would like to draw your attention to one or two points which may hare a moot important bearing ou the welfare of the romc L Playing of senior matches out of season. 2\. Offering premiums to clubs to obatu toe pre miership. 3\. Delting on matches. There ha been of late years a growing teedener among senior clubs toansiripafe the reason, hut tou year it must hare reached its climsK, as by the pub lished lists it will be aeen tliat almost every senior club Is playing matto with another senior before toe season opens, lYhat does this mean 7 Doe It mean that fire months out ol the year ore not sufficient for us? If so let u imecttbacrioueters in aettortsmati- like manner and argue toe matter out, but please do not letui attempt to filch any portion of their acason from them unfairly. The Press and manr res! sup- pprtcn ot our came put it down to another cause- gate money. Now. gentlemen, I warn you to be very careful in this respect, do not give anyone the slight est chance to 13' that cur came Is degf Derating Into a scramble for gate money. I call upon South Mel bourne, Itetloni: and Carlton, ihe three admittedly stroueest clubs at the present time, toufce tlie lead in this matter, tod utterlv set their faces against playiug senior matches oat of season tt lthout the ex press sanction ol the Association. I may state (hat the Carlton committee unani mously resolved at its meeting last Tuesday, for the future not to play any senior matches out cf season, and I trust tin committees of all our associated dubs w ill do litrniip Aootber ent is the offering; by wealthy supporters, of money or trophies in toe event of the local teaut obtaining a certain place in (he premiership list. This to me savour somewhat cf professionalism, or at least as a bait to entice players from other clubs. I inar inform these gentle men that, sneaking from personal knowledge, the players are soimoued with the spirit ol toe gome that it reouires po Inducementof this hind to make tliem strive to put their clurj tht bead of the premiership list. r Offerings like these cannot benefit cur game; In deed. they are more likely to injure it. I hare fre quently said that betting is becoming tar too common in football circle, and tab Association, by force of example, should endeavor to do what it can to sup press it. Delegates, at any rata, should be above sus picion, and neitherdirectlv of indirectly should they bet on football matches. Umpires ore not allott ed to bet. and surely those who have the appointment of them should be guided by (he same wholesome rule. lhat bugl&r;, the arranging of matches satis factorily toallconccmec, has exercised the minds of delegates throughout tho whole of last ecason. For the cotninr season something approaching a satis factory basis his been fixed, and tne outcome will 1 a nearer approach to a real all-round fight for the premiership than has hitherto been (he rase. Matches with Hall&rat; wiil no Jonrcr be reckoned in the premiership but 1 1111 think toe Ballarat premiers should have the right to ploy toe Metro politan premiers at the end of the season. Tbe University, after a struggling existence of three vean. has at length tieen compelled to give up the ghost They fought long and maofully against adverse fate and under euch discouraging circumstances as would have compelled stronger com. binotlon long before to hive thrown un the sconce. Personally t— and I am sure all my colleagues as well — regret that the withdrawal of the L'oivrreiM- Club meant toe ion of the services of 24c«sis James and M'Leod to the Association. On many occasions we have been opposed to each other, but 1 cannot forget that their opposition was always aarrlcd on fn a manner which reflected credit not only on themtelvee hut also on that abode of learning whose club they represented. We can ill afford to lose gentlemen like Meters J aires and M'Leod, and I hope we have not seen the lost of them on tbe Asaoclction. My srsteijj of points worked fairly welt last season, but during the coming one I expect to sea St act marc saitsfectorify. as I underetend every senior clun plays each other at least once. There lias toon some talk of reducing thenumber of matches to be played from 18 to to. but I hope this will not be done. The premiership should not be attained without a great struggle, and should to made op difficult of accomplishment o«. possible, but tine w ill assuredly not be the case if tbe number of matches be reduced. io conclusion, 1 trust the members of Ute Asso ciation during the coming season will work har moniously and amicably together, and continue to aupervisc our game In such a manner as to keep it pure and unsullied, nna make it worthy of being truly .coiled the national game of Victoria. During the season we will hare shits of inter colonial teams, one froin our old friends, Tasmania, andtbe othcr.froin the Northern District of h.S Wales. The Northern District, In tbe face of great obstacles, < has managed to plant our game firmjy round about Newcastle and Mattland, and this visit to Victoria, it is expected will give it e further impetus. l'ort Adelaide also visits us, but as a club team onlv. The report icas referred to tbe incoming delegate. South Mki-boi ukk v. St. Kilda. Mr P. O'Neill drew attention to the fact that a resolution of the Association bad been broken, inasmuch as the South Melbourne and St Kilda bad arranged a match for the 16th Mar, when tbe Tasraanians would play ovtr in this colony. The resolution referred to was that senior clubs could only piny matches oif1 suC't — ttviiitomtttown and Footacny grounds. Messrs Minchin and tttooke both said the match was Authorised by tbe meeting of sec retaries, and their dnba would, if tbe contest was discountenanced, only have the bare number of matches to entitle them to the premiership, OpjKWition was evinced to the match being played, and Messrs Minchin and Stcokc said they would cancel it, Aukndmektu to the Constitution. Certain alterations were made to the consti tution. The suggestion in the hon aecretary's re port that no matches between senior teams should be allowed out aide tho season was adopted, with the exception that euch can take place provided the sanction of tho Associ ation b obtained. It was resolved that the Association should have tlie "firet call" on the services o? players for international or inter colonial matches, such players to be debarred from playiog with tbeir clubs on the days euch matches lake place. Change qv Meeting Place. A projwsiiinn ivas made tbnt tbe place of inerting should be changed from Young and Jackson's Hotel to Burton's Orient Hotel, but was withdrawn, it being pointed out that the matter was properly one lor the incoming delegates to settle. The meeting then adjourned. 