"Xiiiety TUree. " BOOK v.—IX D.EMONE DEUS. CHAPTER III. WHERE WE SEK THE SAME CHILDREN AWAKE THAT WE SAW GO TO SLEEP. BY VICTOR HUGO. IT is not for nothing that charcoal is the roughest form of diamond. Fissures had been formed in the wall of the third floor, through which the furnace within poured out a stream of its precious stones. The heap of oats and straw which were stored there began to pour out of the windows in streams of powdered gold, the grain of the oats becoming amethysts, and the tope of the straw carbuncles. "Pretty." cried Georgette. They were all three sitting up at ouce. " Ah ! " cried the mother, " they are awake now." First René Jean got up, then Gros- Alain, and laslly Georgette. René Jean stretched himself, crossed over to the window and exclaimed, " I am warm." " I warm," repeated Georgette. Then the mother called to them. "My children ! René, Alain, Georgette ! " The children looked all around them. They endeavoured to understand. Where men are terrified children are only curious. He who is easily surprised is hard to lie frightened. Intrepidity ia the offspring of ignorance. Children have so little right to hell that they can look upon fire without dread and admire it. The mother called again, "Reni5, Alain, Georgette!" René Jean turned his head ; this voice seemed to rouse him from his thoughtful mood. Children have short memories, but their perceptions are quick, and the past to them is but yesterday. René Jean recognised his mother. There seemed to him nothing strange in her beiug there, surrounded asslie was by so many wonderful things. He felt a vague need of help, and so cried out " Mother ! " Mother ! " exclaimed Gws-Alain. " Muzzer," said Georgette, stretching out her little arms. Then the mother shrieked, " My children ! " All three children advanced to the window. Fortunately the fire was not on that side. * "I am too hot," said René Jean; and added, "Something is burning." Then casting his glance on his mother, he cried, " Come to us, mother !" "Tum, muzzer," repeated Georgette. The wretched woman, with dishevelled Lair, torn and bleeding from every part, let herself roll from thicket to thicket until she reached the bottom of the ravine. Cimourdain wa3 down there with Gudchamp, as powerless to save the children as Gauvain was above. The soldiers, despairing of being of any use, crowded around them. The°heat was growing insupportable, and yet no one seemed to feel it. They measured with their eyes the steepness of the ravine, the height of the arches, the elevation of the stories, the inaccessibility of the windowa. Three floors to climb up, and no means of doing so. Radoub, wounded by a sabre thrust in the shoulder, with one of his ears carried away, covered with blood and sweat, had hurried to the spot. He saw Michelle Flécharde. " Holloa," cried he, " the woman that was 6hot ! Have you come to life again ? " My children ! " cried the woman. " You are right," answered Radoub ; " we have no time to think of ghosts." And he endeavoured to climb up the bridge. He dug his fingers into the stones, and clung there for a few minutes, but his efforts were in vain ; there was not a crack or crevice, no hold for foot or hand. The stones ,of the arches were as accurately laid as though the wall was perfectly new. The terrible conflagration increased, and they could see the three little fair heads framed in red at the window. Radoub raised his clenched fist to the skies, exclaiming, " Is this how you prove yourself a merciful Providence T' The woman knelt before the piers of the bridge, ghrieking, " Mercy ! " Loud crashes began to mingle with the crackling of the flames. The glass in the bookcases of the library shivered and fell with a ringing sound. It was too plain that the woodwork was giving way all over the place. No human power could now avail. Another five minutes and all would be over. Everyone waited for the final moment to come. The voices of the children could be heard shrieking for their mother. They were now in a paroxysm of terror. AH at once, outlined against the red glare of the flames, a tali figure appeared at one of the windows near the one where the children were. All raised their heads, and gazed eagerly at this unlooked-for apparition. There was a man up there—a man in the library, a man in the midst of the fiery furnace. The form stood out black and distinct against a background of flame. The spectators could see that it had white hair, and all recognised the Marquis de Lantenac. He disappeared for a moment, and then appeared again. The wonderful old man dragged an enormous ladder to the window. It was the ladder of escape that had been placed in the library. He had brought it from its position against the wall, and dragged it to the window. He seized it by one end, and with all the gigantic power of his athletic frame he thrust it out of the window, and allowed it to glide down the outer wall to the bottom of the ravine. Radoub, filled with wonder and amazement, held up his hands and caught the lower rungs of the ladder, exclaiming as he did so, " Long live the Republic ! " " Long live the King ! " returned the marqnis. " You can say what you like," growled Radoub between his teeth, " and shout any folly you may desire, for you are our Providence." The ladder was firmly fixed, and the communication established between the burning room and the ground. Twenty men ran up it, Radoub at their head. On the ladder of wood was a ladder of flesh and blood. Radoub on the topmost rung touched the window. His face was turned towards the fire. The little army scattered over the heath and the ravine pressed forward, overcome by vaiied emotions. The marquis disappeared once more, then cams to the window again with a child in his arms. Everyone clapped their hands. The marquis had seized at random the first one upon whom he could lay his hands. It was Gros-Alain. " I am frightened," said Gros Alain. The marqnis handed him to Radoub, who passed him behind his back to the soldier below him, who gave, him to the next one, and thus Gros-Alain, crying and screaming, was handed from one to the other until he reached the bottom of the ladder. Once more the marquis disappeared, and then returned to the window with René Jean, who cried and struggled and struck at Radoub with his little fists as the sergeant received him from the marquis. Again the Marquis de L<mtenac turned back into the flaming room. Georgette had been left to the last. As he approached her he smiled. This man of marble felt the tears spring to his eyes. " What is your name?" asked he. " Orgette," she replied. He raised her up in his arms. She was still smiling, and at the moment that he passed her to Radoub his spirit so lofty and yet so dark was dazzled by her innocence, and bending forward he gave her a kiss. " It is the little pet," said the soldiers, as Georgette in her turn was passed from hand to hand until she arrived on the ground atpidst cries of admiration and clapping of hands. Many a rough old soldier had tears in his eyes as he caught a glimpse of the child's innocent smile. The distracted mother had taken up her position at the foot of the ladder, panting with eagerness, half wild with this unexpected turn of events, this transition to Paradise from Pandemonium. The excess of her joy was almost painful to her. She stretchcd out her arms and received first Gros - Alain, then René Jean, and lastly Georgette. She covered tibem with kisses and caresses, and then with a loud cry fell senseless to ground. A shout rose up to the sky, " Saved, they are all saved ! " AH were saved except the old man, but no one thought of him, he himself perhaps least of all. He remained for a short time lost in thought, leaning on the window ledge, as though he wished to leave the gulf of flame time to chooBe its own part. Then without hurry, proudly and leisurely, he stepped out of the window, and without turning round, descended with his back to the fire and his face to the precipice, moving with all the grandeur of some mighty spirit. When the marquis had reached the last step of the ladder, and was about to place his foot on the ground, a hand grasped his collar. I arreHt you," said Cimourdain. " And I approve of your act," answered Lantenac. BOOK VI. IT IS AFTER THE VICTORY THE FIGHT BEGINS, CHAPTER I. LANTENAC A PRISONER. WHEN the marquis descended the ladder he was coming down to his tomb. They led him away. The dungeon in the crypt of La Tourgue wns at once opened under Cimourdain's rigid supervision, They placed in it a a lamp, a pitcher of water, some ammunition bread, and threw in afterwards a truss of straw, and in less than a quarter of an hour after the moment when the priest's hands had made Lantenac n prisoner the door of the dunge n closed on the marquis. That duty fulfilled, Cimourdain went in search of Gauvain. As he did so eleven o'clock sounded from the distant spire of Parigné. Cimourdain said to Gauvain, " You are a Gauvain, and Lantenac is a Gauvain. You are too nearly connected with him to sit in judgment upon him. I blame Egalité for having voted for Capet's death. The court shall have three members, an officer, Captain Guéchampj, a noncommissioned ofiicer, Sergeant Radoub, with myself as President. You have nothing further to do with the matter. We will conform to the order of the Convention, and prove the identity of the ex- marquis. To-morrow the Court Martial, the next day the guillotine. Li Vendee is dead ! " Gauvain made no reply, and Cimourdain, occupied by his urgent task, left him, for he had hours to fix and spots to choose. Hehadthehabit ofassistingpersonally at all execution?, thinking it necessary to show a good example, the judge seeing that the headsman did his work properly. This custom had been borrowed by the Reign of Terror '93 from the proceedings of the Parliament of France and the Inquisition of Spain. Gauvain also was in deep thought. A cold wind was blowing through the forest. Gauvain leaving Guechamp to give the necessary orders went to his tent, which wns pitched on the borders of the wood near La Tourgue, then he put on his hooded cloak. It was plain and simple after the republican fashion, and only-showed his rank as commandant by a single strip of lace. Then he crossed the bloodstained spot where the combat had first commenced. He was alone there. The conflagration was raging, but no one took any further notice of it. Radoub was seated near the mother and her children, almost as solicitous for their comfort as she was herself The castle on the bridge had nearly finished burning, and the sappers were completing the work that the flames had left unfinished. Some men w».re digging graves for the burial of the dead, others were attending to the wounded. They had demolished the barricade, removed the bodies from the rooms and staircase, cleaned out the chamber of blood and carnage, and swept away all the hideous relics of victory with true military celerity and precision. Put Gauvain saw nothing of all this. Scarcely did he cast his eye on the guard on the breach, which had been doubled by Cimourdain's orders. He could distinguish the breach in the gloom, some two hundred feet away from the field into which he had gone. He could even perceive its dark, yawn- ing mouth. It was there tfcat the fight had commenced threé hours before. It was by that gloomy entrance that he had penetrated into the interior of the tower. Th> re was the spot where the barricade had stood, and it was on this floor that the door of tho Marquis de Lantenac's prison opened. The guard on the breach had charge oE the prisoner. Whilst his eyes were absently fixed on the heath, he seemed to hear those words rang like a knell on his car, " To- morrow the Court Martial, tho next day the guillotine." The fire, which had been prevented from spreading, and upon which the sappers were throwing all the water that they had been able to procure, had not yielded without a struggle, and cast up intermittent flames. At moment» you could hear the crash of the ceilings aB the different floors fell in on each other. Then would arise a cloud of sparks, as though some mighty torch had been rudely shaken, and a blaze of light would disclose the horizon, and the gloomy shadow of La Tourgue extending far away over the foreBt. Gauvnin paced up and down in this shadow in front of the breach. Every now and then lie crossed his hands behind his head hidden in the hood of his cloak. He was thinking deeply. CHATKR II. THE HOOD OK THE COMMANDANT. FOR a long time Gauvain communed with himself. He was torn between, his desire and his duty. Duty had shown itself, stern and implacable, in the eyes of Cimourdain, and terrible to execute in the eyes of Gauvain —a simple thing to the one, but a devious, tortuous, and perplexing path to the other. Firs£ midnight chimed, then one o'clock. Hardly conscious of what he was about, Gauvain had gradually approached the entrance to the breach. The dying flames of the castle only cast forth occasional gleams. On the other side of the tower the plateau caught an occasional glimmer of its reflection, and for a moment became visible, and then again disappeared in gloom, as the smoke hid the fl imes from view. The glare springing to life every now and then in sudden outbursts, but separated by occasional cloaks of shadow, changed the aspect of the surroundings, and made the sentinels look Iilte spectres. Gau7ain, even in the midst of his reverie, could not help watching the alternate defeats of the smoke by the flame and the flame by the smoke. These appearances and disappearances of the light befóre his very eyes had some analogy with the uncertain sliiftings of the truth in his mind. All at oncc, amidst the winding wreaths of smoke, a burst of flame from the ragini» furnace caBt a vivid light «pon the top of the plateau, and exhibited the red outlines of a waggon passing over it. Gauvain looked at it, It was surrounded by horsemen who wore the heailgenr of gendarmes. It seemed to hiin that it was the same cart which he had seen through Guechamp's telescope some hours before,, when the sun was just setting. Men. were clambering about the cart, and seemed busily engaged in unloading it. The thingH that they were taking out of the cart t-eemed to be heavy, and gave forth a sound like the clank of metallic,' objects. It was difficult to say of what the load consisted. It looked like beams for some kind of framework. Two of the men then lifted out a box and placed it on the ground, which, judging from its shape, seemed to contain some triangular object. The flame died down, and all was once more darkness. Gauvain, still immersed in his sad reverie, stood gi zing towards that object which the gloomy obscurity hid from him. Lanterns were now lighted, and men moved to and fro upon the plateau; but their movements were confused, and, besides, Gauvain wag below then», and with the ravine between, so that ho was unable to see what was being done. He could hear the hum of voices, but could not distinguish their words. Now and agàin he heard sounds like blows given on wood. There was also another noise, a kind of rasping sound, such as is heard when a scythe is being sharpened. Two o'clock struck. (To be Continued). 