CUUIRRENT TOPICS. SFReo some unexplained cause no European or foreign cablegrams reached us from London last evening. THE only case remaining to be decided by the Commissioner at the Court of Requests to-day is that of Vincent War. rington v William Chandler, claim .l 78 ld, for goods sold and board and lodging; Messrs Douglas, Collins, and Davis for plaintiff. PERanMesoIN to sell spirituous liquors at the raco-course to~day was granted yester day to Mr John Blackburn, of the Qesen's Head Hotel, and Mr W. O'Sullivan, of the Ship Ieotal. AT the local Police Court yesterday Alfred Woods, for an offence against decency, was floned 10a, or in default throe days' imprisonment. Mr Ernest Whitfeld, J.P., occupied the bench. A isquOsITrON to Mr W. C. Wilson, requesting him to stand again for muni. cipal honours, was taken round town yes. terday by Mr J. E: Clarke, and met with a fair measure of support. It will be seen from an advertisement appearing in to-day's issue that Alderman Wathan contemplates retiring from the Council on account. of eantiuuod ill h:ealth, and a rumour was eireulated yesterday that an endeavour was made to ascertain whether a requisition could be got up inviting Mr J. J. Sheehau, of York-street, to stand for the extraordi nary va'ancy that will thus be caused. In another column Alderman S. J. Sutton notifies that he intends to offer himself for re-election. A CORRESPONDENT writes:-A series of popular lectures on scientific subjects has been delivered at Lakenham, Long Bay, during" the past few months by Mr Wm. Bugby. The first series consisted of his well-known lecture on astronomy, entitled " A Journey to the Sun, and a Trip to the Moon," which was illustrated by a number of beautiful lantern views, exhibited by means of the lime-light, and was followed by lectures on " Light and Colour," with optical experiments; "The Air we Breathe," with numerous brilliant experi ments; and a course of three ambulance lectures on " Our Bodies, and how to treat them in Health. Accident, and Disease," illustrated by practical examples of bandaging, etc. The second series of these lectures commenced on Thursday last with the first of a course of lectures on " Agri cultural Chemistry." The next lecture will be given on November 28, and will be followed by others on the same subject, and on "Our English Cathedrals;" "Sound," with' experiments; " Food," with experiments; "Ghosts," with optical illusions; and "The Great Musical Com posers." We have received, in pamphlet form, a copy of the interesting paper "Root matters in social and economic problems," by Mr R. M. Johnston, F.L.S., read at the meeting of the Royal Society in Hobart on Monday last. It is often a matter for marvel how Mr Joi.nston can find time to devote to the many scientific and social matters in which he has for years done such good work, but it maybe that he finds relaxation in what to the ordinary mind would be a most formidable task. In the paper read on Monday last no less than 25 social and economic problems are dealt with, the mass of statistical information, mathematical formula and assumptions and deductions based upon these being sufficient to afford 3 material for discussion at the meetings of the Society for the next 18 months. We hope that the paper will receive wide oircu lation, for the problems dealt with are of wide-world importance, and their treat ment can be better appreciated by quiet a study and reflebtion than by public debate. The concluding chapter alone, on "The struggle for lexistence," furnishes a wide afiId of investigation and reflection. ,f ArTn several days of showery and un settled weather, summer seemed to have f returned yesterday. Many of the rivers ha ave been ;considerably swollen by the un usual rainfall for ihis time of year, but a a telegram from Avoca last evening states p the South Esk was' gradually falling, being at 8 p.m. only 10tt above summer e level. Tu. Academy of Music was well filled last night with a thoroughly appreciative e audience, which enjoyed to the full the if capital programme presented to them, by Professor Baldwin and Miss Kate Russell. The programme differed from that of n Monday night in many respects; one of the changes being a successful exhibition of.mind reading, in which Profejsor BRld win found articles thought of by the members of his committee. To morrow will be the last opportunity of seeing what y is in every respect a first-rate entertain ment. LAST night, tempted by the beautiful 0 weather and music, a large number of people enjoyed the excellent programme provided for them by the St Joseph's Band at the Depot Grounds. c M?n. T. II. B.swonRT, late of Charles street, has opened his new pianoforte and g music warehouse in Brisbano-astot. The d newpremisce areeommodiousandadmirably adapted for the music business. Inpianos, two of Mr. B ,sworth's leading lines are the O Roniech and Mignon instruments. The former are without doubtmagniflcent piano fortes, having a powerful, sweet, and bril a liant tone. Weunderstandthesepianoshave O been imrortcd to the colonies for the past twenty years, and the fact that some 750 d are now sent to Australia annually is con elusive proof of their suitableness to the climate an4 of their increasing popularity. iii The Mignon piano, a large and handsome in "cottage," is another fine instrument, containing all the latest improvements, 1" and is of sound construction and fine tone. s. The Clough and Warren organs, another line dealt with at this warehouse, are noted for their quickness of speech and great wind power and other good qu'alities. TO DAY being proclaimed a bank holi. ; day public offices will be closed from noon sa to-day. ON and after Saturday next a train will leave Formby for Latrobe at 9 p.m., re -y turning at 9'40 p.m. every Saturday. Asono other holiday attractions to-day, the s.s. Centennial will make one of her i. popular exoursions to RIoserear's, leaving Sthe wharf at 2 30 p.m. and returning at 6 p.m. A service of song will be hold 'in n te evening at Christ Church in connee. 9 tion with the Sunday-secholol, and the cbil dren will sing tho anniversary hymns. Several organ solos will bo rendered during i the entertainment.. ] NTrrms for the Western Agricultural Association's Show at Westbury have in closed, and are in number considerably in advance of any previous year. From the number of entries made sud different ex . hibitors represonbed the show bids fair to f be one of thebest evcar held in the district. We sindqrstand ti'at his Excellency the . Gqvernor will be present. As thepublic S offcmes, bsnlcs, and most of the business establishments in town will make a general ' holiday of the day, the grounds at West 0 bury ought to be exceedingly well pat Sronised thlis=year. . TEe Government Teshnldal Scohool will be closed in all olanses during the months ol D-e. e coember and January for the summer svastios. A oanAn prmenade aonc?rt is annoned to ". take place In the City Psrkthis evaning, thk musio being mupplied by the City Band. TRa irst annual meetiesg of tea Mntual s Marine Insurance Company ol Tasmania will bh hel in thkg Mhohaals Instiatuts at 8p.m. on Sth liust. S Tr splendid results of the past season d all engaged in fsrming have created a laudable desire In many who are now merely tenanbh to buy a place for themselves, and, having savoed a littlereedy money o1t of last haerves, they ase looking round for help to buy a farm with. n Othars again are naturelly anxios to avail themselves uf the improvemoet in primse by I brisging a larger area of their seleetiogs ucder ; the pmough, bqt fled thomselves cripplhd y want 'mans. To meet lush eales, thi n Eqmolsnas BItLDsio SoonzTr is prepnred i. meke liberal advianes either to buy or to in Sprove farms, and the terms have boon arranged specially to suit the ciroumitances of the frmiisng community. Full partielars may She obtalnsed on applicarton at J the ooo sCmeron-stroet, neer St. Joha-;trest. 