THE DAY'S DOINGS. Mr .Tusticn lCcifurd will pas soatcncna on tho prknner convicted before him during tho present criminal uUinea to-morrow (Friday afternoon at IkflU o'clock. The calondnr for July was a long cuo, and tlio mimb-r of conviclious obtaieed wan miUfomlty Ijjgli, Tiicra aro amongst thoso who lmvo bucu found guilty several exception- ally bad caw, the offences lining uf vnriniin descriptions, but each of its kind about ns Pad as It could pouibly ba. Thoro atso ta a mimbor of prisoucrs who have boon con- of tho cases being very bad ones. It is pro- bahle, therefore, that some severe sontunccH will bo passed, ah<1 that sumo memorable re marks will be mads. The tkntrxl Board of Hvnllh tins granted a fortsighl's IravH of ab««jc/i to l)r 34 'Lean, lu-nlth officer for WHIinutstotvn, for tho pur- |Muo of attending to urgent private husmutH. J)r Mollhieiix will oilluiuto ill his tileud and supply the necessary certificates to vussohi arriving in port. "OurixMttionl stronger than Iwfora," ro marked Mr " Bijou " Wilson on belug interro gated by ano of our staff in rofurrenco to tho decision of Uiu Full Oourt. Jlo rrgards tho innlterm this aspect— that if tho tincstloii liud been BubiniUi'd to thu Court on the siuglo isiuoasto whether tin Control Hoard had juris- diciion ovsr tho site thu vordict would havo been distinctly iu his favor. Hn say Mr .1. C. Stewart, tho salloltor acting cu his buhaU, On Uiu other hand, Mr Akrhmst, tho I'rcsidcut of the Central Jfuard of Hculth, con Etdent that tho doenmut of tlio Board has been v|fhclri, nad ho hatU with snttafoction tho riitimrk with of tho Chief Justiea Hut Jio declinrn to enter into a diucuialnn on essential details of the judgment, and in this ho displays a roservn which isimuaual to him. IIU attl- ludf, however, may bo excused on lliu ground that any dclivoraucos of hsa might bo taken as justifying fnrthur Uiisussfon nt future moot- liigft on tho merits of tho rcuolution idrrauy arrived at, Tlio appeal cam of Captain Oharles Taylor, mastorof the stcftiner Uorcules, Against tliu rt-c'iitdcchion of the Marino Court of In quiry, came heforn Mr Juatico A'lleckeU thtB morning. Tho Court of Marino Inquiry, com prising Mr Alloy, P.M., mid Captains HnlleLt mid Draper, nt the investigation as to the circumstances of tho Hercules grouudimr nt Altona By, nu«p«ndod Captain Taylor' certiDentu for two years and ordered him to pay 1.15 costs, Taylor b-uig undefended at the Court of Marino hupiiry, uotno discusoiou took place bt-foro thu Marinn Beard ns to tho decision. Captain Taylor aonsulttd Mr CrokiT, of Gillot Cniker nud Siwifden, who udvmld that tho decisiou whs iuvaliii, Conso- quvtiily au Application was madn on Captain Tnylor'a behalf hi the Court this uiornliig. Mr Box, iiiKtructed by Mr Croker, nppliod f(,p n rule nisi fur n proliihitiou to upsut the decision of tliu Court of Inquiry on several grounds. As Mr Box put it ttho whole of the Cmrt's proceedings in tho enso wero wrong from Iwgianiog to end. After somo nrgu- inunts hi Ifutinr grnntcil the npplicatum on six dotailcd grounds stated by Mr Box. In tho meantime certniu proceedings instituted by thu Mnrino Buord to rcL-uvcr the 1,15 costs from Captain Tnylor are to bo ntayi'd. Mr Box nliio stated that thero wuru f.ovrrnl other nppcals bring iiiHlituted against, tho recent decisions of Mr Alley's Court of Marino Inquiry, which cases will bo looked forward to with very considerable interest by Uiu tnercaiitilo nml maritime coinmuuity. Tills morning's criminal calomlnrat tho City Court was an uncommonly heavy ono, thorn being no fewer than eighteen deposition cases, out of a list of thirty. Thin is an unusual pro- purtiun, prisoucrs charged with minur olfuncca Iwmg generally In tho majority. N'ono of ih« diqiosition cases, however, wero ot a serious nature, being prnicl|ully cases of receiving goods under fall- pretences. Ono young fellow Darned Albert K, Willcy, respectably oca imcted, and eonmwlicre about.twenty years of ngc, 1 1 ! -iii a < ' 1 guilty to getting seven overcoats on (also prutenC's, from vnrions wareliouses, and i>awn(iig tlicio, Horerpiirtd a littls rrwly monuy and this was the easiest way of supply ing hh w«nts. Two others woro put forward on mv<nl other charuea of a similar character Out) of tho most important cases in the list of feluuicR, was that against an old v;ouwu, who, iu suurch of firewood, stub) a htoken cement barrel, valued ikl, from thu tramway works, nud for which crimu sho got a scntcuca of thrco days. Mr Call, assisted by a number of justices, got through the busuxus m tolerably good time. A meotincof the Marino Board of Victoria will be held at the Custom Houso nt two o'clock to-morrow, when iu addition to ordi nary busings tho queslious of tho re<juinit'j qualifications and the increase of tiio number "( pilots will bo dealt with. Kir Arthur Nicolaon (president). Colonel fJolilstKin (iucrctary), and Mr l.nmb Smith (tr.uiuroi) of the Melbourne Couvalc.sc<jnt Aid Snci(<v for Men, waited upon the hon, M. H. Diviea yesterday, and com pleted the mircbftftc of tho freehold property lieloui'ing totliatgvntfeman, known nstlm Mul- houriiuCouvulcKcmit Hoaio for Muo, situate at Chelt« nhatn, comprising six ucres of land and extennivo building, tho prico paid bring L'JjXK). After thn sals was con cluded the hon. M. j I. Uavies toada Uio handsome donation of L1000 to tho funds of tho Home. Mr W. T. Simpson, ol tho firm of Simpson and Abrahams, furniture dealers, of Swanstou street, has shown us a magnificent specimen of penmanship which has boon in hU family for many yesrs in relation to thu immortal bard Shakispcro. It ruodsaa follows: " A tribute to the morits and genius of that inimitablu bard ami poet of nature, William Slialicsporp, the glory of tho British nation, whoso excellent genius opened to him the whole heart of man, all tho mines of fancy mid nil tlia stores of nature, mid gave him power beyond all others to move, astonish and do light nil mankind. Born 23rd April, 15GJ ; died at his nativo town, Sliatford-unon Avon, 23rd April lClG." Tho birth and tho death nro n strange coincidence— born 23rd April ; died 23rd April. The compJoto syllabus of tho sixteenth annual Christian Conference, which is to take place in the Freemasons' Hull, Collins street, from tlio 12th to thu ICtli of August, has just been completed. Tho subject for dis. cusslon is — Revival In tho Church of Owl— and Arrangements havo been made for addresses to. bo delivered as follow: — Historic Revivals, Tliu Apostolic Agr, by tlio Itov. J)r IJovan ; Tho Hufortua- lion, by the Hov. J. 1-'. JJwiug, M.A.j The Vurikan, by Dr Campbell ; American, by the Itev. J. II. Jenkins ; Knglisb, by tho lie v. Jf. Bath.; nnd Irish and Scottish, by tlio Hov. W. h, Morton. Later HovIvrIs— In Homa Mis sions, by Faster Salton ; In Foreign Mission, by tho Ilev. A. W, Webb. Revival— Tho pro- sent Need of tlio Olairch, by tho Rev. W. C. Dunning, and The Source of Revival by tho Itev Juim Watford ; Means in Order to Re vival ; Humiliation and Conservation by Br W. Simpson Flett ; Individual and United Prayer, by tho Rev A. R. BlackeH ; The Truths to bo Preached, by tho Rev Canon Langley j nnd tho Holy Lifo of Believers, by tho Rev A. Bird. Abiding Results of Revival ; A Saan Acgrcsrivo Chrlstinmty, by Km Rev. J. B. Rudduck ; nnd Perpetual Fruitfulness, by tho Rev. H. B. Macartuuy, 3LA. A comMpondcnt writes Tho rcnl reason why tlio Marquis of Lorno riiould fail to bo favorably impressed with our southern civdim- lion, is. nil rota, of a rather delicate character. It is in a manner bonntf up witn tho history of our institutions. In fact, thn uubhj Mnrquis has a peculiar terror of brigands, into wbtuo hands ho once full— this la hoe to iufer, ' however, any tendency on his (art to conar-ct tlu> local Houses of Parliament witli the exploits of thu Kelly gang, bub tho brigands ho dislikes arc thorn immortalued iu our own art gallory. In his youth tho Mar quis, like oth(r sprigs of arhtocrocy, sowed his wild oatH with an unsparing hand, and tlm in- cidetit pourtruyrd »n thu canvua occurred to him wnilo travelling in tlm company of a young lady, whoso namu it is prudent to withhold. Layraud, tho French painter, depicted the scene, sud thu |iaiutmg was sent into England, where tho tnarriogo with the Pnnccss was tlio topic of tbo day. What won tobodono? Thu Nattonnl Gallery at Mob bournu was on tho look-out for works of art. It was 10,000 miles nwny, and seemed to atfurd a quiet way out of tliu trouble. Now, it m like tb» box iu thu Arabian nights, or thu chntr on which Danquo's ghost scats himself in Muobth. Tho escape of a swindler by moana of a balloon and Ids dlscovory through tho pigeon- post, is (writes tlm «. Jama's (/gutte) the htost sensation in crimiunl lntulligunce. A curtain llerr Adolf Werner >md been enjoying au exceedingly gay time In thu fes- tivo capital of Austria. Cunfidlng tradta- mon lifld stocked 'li(s yjortmantenu and Ids wife's jcwel-casket, ami mil more couftding accyuaiulancoH hod placwl loans of monuy nt his dispusal. Tlio question then arosa how llerr Wenicr was to escape witli His booty, To sneak away by au ordinary trnlu wns to court ignominious danger. U« accordingly hit upon the ldt>» of uwapiug by balloon. 11a ad vertised that on a certain Unto ho would dotcom! tn n parachulo from a captivo ballon in the D ruber Park. On tbs day app-iiutod ho ap|N-ared with his parachute and balloon— manufactured on credit, of coursu— and in thu prasencu cf tlw police and scores of his creditors proceeded to ascend, accompanied by his wifo nnd a largo amount of portable pro perty hidden umlor tha ballast. Budduuly, to thu astonishment of tho ipectntors, >m pro- dumi a)Airof«honr.<t with which hv cut thu nnchor-rojin and then sailed out of sight. Thu triols was, of course, very soon under stood, nttd a warrant wax issued fur llwr Wuinor'a npprriiutuion. Towards oven- iug tho Carrier Pigeon Club in Vienna received a despatch from a corroajiondcnt at. Gross-Mnnutrsdorf, announcing thu descent of a balloon iu that locality. Tho despatch was handed over to the imlicc, tho telegraph wln-u wero ret In motion, and beforu mid night tho ingeuious rogue wan in tho lock up. 