THE BISHOP OP MELBOURNE OH SO DM LOVE. Thorn wax a large atteudunca nn Runday morning at Hi. Luke' Churcb, South Mai ikiume, i" henr the Bishop nf Mulboumo preach, -HU birddiip cho«n hi text trcu the t'pintlc for tilt- daY, nnd based Ids remarks .i.l.m ......... 1,1 1ii....i <11 .1... .<>1. (ihnidcr'iif tho 3st Buistlo of John— "God is love. Wo lovo llim beenusu llo first lovod us. And 1 this cimiimutdmuut havu we from Him, that iu» who lovoth God luva liis brtdlier nlm." His Lordnhlp dwelt ti|ioa the Diet' thus Grid in lovo, am) luggi-stcd timt ytormty would bu scmcuiy long enough U> nibble us to gnwp tlio full truth uf tho pnv kage, ; For a proof of thu truth of the b&siiqpi; It wa'otily nvccsarv ur rcuicmbor tlist God jtavu lID oon to redeem , us from sin. If we wero to Itfok At ntul study the rvligion of thc lientheni wu would find that "Uud is tors" 11 no |inrt nt thelrreligiuii, Tho reason for that j ' tht-ir itniuniuco uf the religion of the' GnsiK-3. '' TJiercfuru eomts tho goud of seeding nilsslQuarii-s to heathen lauds fcr thoruuy the heathen. ceosuTo tlilokol Godnea revengeful being, and cotno to lock upon Ului tn llu true character of love. By nature not any person in the world lovon God, Before wo cau lovs God it i ui'oe.Hnry fnr thn . Holy Ghost to ruuosvotir spirits. No doubt most of his lioui-urs looked forward to spending ail eternity with . God. but unica they lovo llim that' experience could scarcely be a pleasing oho. for how couhl ntiyoue enjoy uii f eternity In ' the oompauy ol onri they did not low? Persons «»reaoBettios« toiuptod .to believe that God did not' love them; Eva would never have fallen (rose a slate of sinlcjinos had she had ud Uallvved thn insinuation of theserpsmt that God did' not loVd liur. Tliere are men uc,w euOariiw in mind, body, nd estate. Bom may have lo»4 property ;_ s-itno health; and some, dear -friends. Jtiv at such arasonathal Utadavil eotnea to them, telle tbetn thai God evidently do'ee not leva thotn.or they would 001 be per tnltted to fall into nichmisf-'-rtune. But Ida Lordship urged bfa hearers pot tobaliovo the devil, for hii is ti liar, and ha been a liar from airUnVc; In conoluslon, hn urged thn wisdom apt! justicu of vndenvpring to reciprocate God's lew, for without a lovo of God a man cannot even lovep-U brother. - - 