Mr. Warner as Hamlet. The production of Hamlet on Saturday night at tho Op?ra House with Mr. Charles Warner in the title part, although witnessad by a fairly good audience, was not particularly successful Iho advinnbility of turning from drama of the Charlos Head typo to oco of tho heaviest of Shakespeare's tragedies is a praotico not especially praiseworthy iu itself, but when tho tragedy is staged ' for one nitrht ouly,' sandwiched as it were between thick oru^ta of sentimental-gengational drami, uucceas can scarcely bo looked for, let alone aohioved. Mr. Warner has not addad to the evenaess of his reputation ae an actor, nor in creaecd the renown of tho compauy now occupying the Opera House, by giving a momentary attention to what requires and deserves arduous study and persistent re heiraal. The custom not having utisan in Shakespeare's day of 'ono-inau' plays, every ohorajter he draws, however small, haB yet surHoient in it to require study to render it creditably, und that study can scarcely bo given for a one- night-only representation. Tho colonrloss production of Saturday night can hardly bn wondered at. Ab Hamlet, Sir. Warner was dirappointing. Ocoasion'i'ly assuming a drawling st9p, the somewhat pecu liar charf.oteris'io of a great exponent of tho part, and at others omitting it ; sinking his voice low, frequently too low to be heard, in the deep philosophic lines, and unduly rais'ug it. even to ruiiiiijr, in the more passionate ; calling to his uid such artificial movoraonts as clapping lvsh-nd»t:-empU. sise his astonish ment, Mr. Warner rcoilloa many u movement and memory of Coupoau, but scarcely Shako sptaio's creation ot the ' gloriouB Dane' The remainder of tho company were not up to their usual standard, probably in consequence of tho rapidity of the production. Miss Gracio Warner, aB Ophelia, wae tho character without the pathos that rur.s through it, and in the lust sceno wheu she appears diatraoted at her father's death, her acting represented moro of the insane tide of the madness than the deeply pathetic. As Tho King, Mr. Marsh was amongst the most successful of the company, and tto Queen of Miss Ada Ward was a correspondingly good impersonation, tho chamber scene with Hamlet was tho weakoat of Miss Ward's sppoarances, but as it in one which requires long Btudy, thoro iB considerable latitude to be allowed. Mr. H. H. Vinueut was credited both as tho Ghost and the First Play .', and Mr. Oily Deoring, who doubled tho parts of Polonius and thu First Grave Digger was most satisfactory 5n the lattor. Tho Laeite3 of Mr. R. Stewart was colourless, and lacked vitality, but Mr. Herbert Floming was able to make more out of the part of Horatio. The mounting of the piece as regards some of the costumes was (rood, but tho scenery was inferior in more than one particular. Iho stage arrangements were faulty, the action of some scenes being especially ei ratio, a misfortune not improved by audible stage instructions and the working of unmelo dious prMeya. Tho usual orchestral arrange ments were augmented by Mr. Seymour Dicker aB organist, and on ono or two occasions he play -d no i'-!mpoitaut part iu tho effective ness produced. To-night the company will appear *u ' Dora' and 'The Barrister.' 