austbalian verse and fiction. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. No. II. Criticism in Australia would seem to be a thing of rapid growth and to havo in it somo element of spontaneity. Before I lmd actually «pen my first articlo on Australian Verso and Fiction in tho columns of Saturday's paper, an enthusiastic gentleman writes to offer to mo tho amazing statement that I havo "got hold of tho old idea that nil Australian writers support tho principles of tho Imperial Federation League. " I have oortainly never thought so or said so, but have, as a matter of fact, said something very distinctly to tho contrary. Another critic, a valued personal friend this time, assures me that my allusion to tho whisky and water element which I thought I had dis covered will give offence to many. I hope not. It was not offensively intended, and it has been true of many great poets who unhappily have been too often less morally strong than intellectually splendid. Tho artistic tem perament undoubtedly predisposes its owner to certain forms of self indulgence, and it would be a littlo mournful to my mind if a man could not ha gently honest on that themo without being thought invidious and offensive. Mais fui s' excuse s'accusc, and it may bo wise to say no moro upon this head. Yet a third critic writes to toll me that I have forgotten tho name of J. Bruuton Stephens, which is in itself a somewhat improbable assumption, and is here and now to be dissipated. Formero quality of technique, for facility, finish, and indeed nearly all the qualities of workman-dap, Brunton stands almost, if not actually, tho highest amongst Australian writers. In Convict Once ho has created n story essentially dramatic in conception, though he 1ms chosen to cast it into the form of a lyric series and to crowd his work with distinctly morbid introspection. How fine his technique sometimes is, how nearly faultless, tho two following versos show very fairly Down in tho vines he is sitting, the fruitage-leaf shadows above hira, Lending concomitant charm to the ripeness that flushes his cheek. There is the glory of summer about him ; I see him and love liini. Asking not why. I but know that the strong one is come to the weak. Down in tiro vines be is sitting, and radiance lenf- softoncd and golden On tho broad calm of his brow through the veil of the vintage is shed. Blest be each bougli that enshrines him ! Hence forth I am ever beholden Onto the slender est, tendercst leaflet that shelters his head. The old Greek measure is not ono which willingly renders itself to music in the English tongue, and it certainly is not Sir. Brunton Stephens's fault if these verses seem to carry witii them something of an echo of Longfellow's Evangeline. That is altogether a question of inotrc, and Longfellow happened to he the first among writers in English who made this metro popular. The workmanship here, as I have already said, is almost faultless, but I think that I shall never again bear the word "concomitant" after familiarising myself with this verse without a sense of strangeness and discomfort. I will not go so far as to say that no finished artist in words could by any chance havo got it whero it stands, but I must declare that it comes with something of a shock and a surprise. It is even curiously cacophonous, and in a passago otherwise so graceful is all tho more remarkable. A habit the same writer has of using the word "quiet" as if it wero a monosyllable is again a shock to the sensitive car. The poet may justify himself by nnnppcnl to Tennyson, who in his In Memoriam uses over and over again tho yet moro marked dissyllable "Bpirit," in tho same way, hut Tennyson is a vory complote word master, and in one line in that immortal poem- Spirit to spirit, ghost to ghost ; he shows that ho recognises the full metrical and musical value of tho word, and thereby sets tho careful critio thinking that ho has a special double service for it. This fineness of criticism may look n little unworthy, but after all tho pleasure imparted by verse dopends so largely on the mere absence of painful impression tlint in reviewing any but tho very greatest works this trivial oriticism is not out of place. The giants make their own forms, their own rules and laws. They do less what tlicy will than what they must, and they express themselves undorn sort of regal compul sion, after tho manner of their own nature. The excuse does not avail with smaller man, and whero we forgivo obscurity and harshness of expression to Browniug or overlook Words worth's remarkable lapses into ohildishncss, we do so by virtue of tho counterbalancing valuo of their work. It is undeniable that Mr. Bruuton Stephens is a poot, but ho lnoks olarity nnd simplicity. Take, for example, a vorso in which "o deaaribes tho outward signs of the first dawn of love iu a virgin heart Beautiful sequence of vermeil suffusions and paleness unbidden, namdustred eyes that loolc inward on something u«a J oth®f3 unseen, balUIMen" la"Sr nnd sighs but "hermicn"0 ovev'trool)'u£ the virginal grace of <Wi I will not say that this is not well done, w rarely it is overweighted with words of n jy'og and unfamiliar aspect. "When the Raino itor chooses ho oan bo simple and direct, as fitness his poom, Tho Dominion of Australia Forecast. Ho has been speaking of the sub- crrancan streams which run bolow the arid astcs of Central Australia, and ho oloses with Ws strong and manly verso »VH bon«M our good and ill A mi??3 ?kre?m 1 common will, ?0fco, a present might, AW ">m Us silent depths of gloom An 1 Aira 8 vo!co shall leap to fight Till mi !Jr barreu feudu in bloom, Ourhni?«i 8U»n(»Vri!nS.Uncs with loro o'ergrown, Efr 8baU h® tho girdling sons alone. \ - untoa Stephens proves hero boyond all aim' i can aay what ho wants to say in as P.0' liatural and unafteoted words. Contrast o irect simplicity and forco of tho linos last with tho wilfully obscured and pedantic expressions of the others, and observe how much is gained by tho use of simple words and phrases which can bo understood at a glance. Mr. Brunton Stephens is a humorist as well as a poet, and is at times extremely felicitous, as, for instance, in tho familiar couplet in which he describes tho Other Chineo Cook Ho was lazy, he was cheeky, ho was dirty, he was sly ; But ho had a single virtue, and its namo was rabbit pie. Somo passages in the Address To a Black Gin arc strong in humor, though the very nature of tho themo, as I suppose, makes them queer reading for over fastidious people Thy rugged skin Is hideous with tatooing And legiblo with hieroglyphic wooing, Sweet things in art of some florco lover's doing. For thou some lover bast, I hot a guinea ; Somo partner in thy fetid ignominy, The raison d'etre of this picaninny. And is he amorously sympathetic And doth he kiss thee I . . . Oh, my soul prophetic t The very notion is a stvoug emetic 1 And doth he smooth thine hours with oily talking, And take thee conjugally out n-walklng, And crown thy transports with a tomahawking? I guess liis love ami anger are combined so ; Ills passion on tby shoulders are defined so ; His passages of love are " underlined " so. This is excellent in its way, and has a certain wilful, humorous savagery in it which reminds ono of Thomas Hood in somo of hts moods. There is the same characteristic note in " New Chum and Old Monarch," which is capital, but too long for quotation here. Mr. Stephens is very Australian in the selection of lib) themes ; he finds his inspiration in the things that lie about him, which is always a sign of native veracity in a man of letters, and he needs nothing but a resolute effort after the formation of a clear and simple style to enable him to take one of the highest and most honorablo places amongst the pioneers of Australian poetiy. The late Marcos Clarke had a pretty turn for satire nnd for literary mimicry. Ho has left behind him two samples of this gift in his imitations of Kendall and Lindsay Gordon, and in each he has caught tho cssontial tone of tho person imitated, though tho exaggeration of peculiarity strikes one as being a little merciless. The jolly, swaggering, sun-browned stockrider to whom Gordon pre sents us is a cavalicr-troopor in disguise. The gentleman of the time of the Stuarts meets the desert-daring adventurer of Victorian ages in his verse. The two fraternise and become in corporate, and iu " Mark Clancy s Leap " Clarke lias very wittily soized on this distinguishing characteristic of his contemporary. One thinks of Gordon as being born out of hts time. He should have fought at Nascby or at Worcester's crowning fight, but being pitchforked by fate and his own adventurous spirit into tho wild life of young Australia lie took kindly to it, as might have been expected of him. Through all his pages there breathes that spirit of reckless daring, that glow of romance, which dis tinguished the Royalists of King Charles's day. In my own mind I figuro him, booted and spurred, scarlct-contcd, with long lovelocks floating in the breeze. That image of tho man may bo nbsurdly inadequate or unlike, but all the same, it will stand, if not for the actual fleshly Lindsay Gordon, for the ideal and yet real man depicted iu his . own pages. Poor Gordon— it conies natural to say poor Gordon when speaking of him — was an adventurous and robust-bodied pessimist, full of the romanco of another age than ours. He is, I think, the ono figure in tho history of Australia!! Letters, so far that one looks at with the most complex and con tradictory, and yet tho most interested sym pathy. More than anybody else he represents in conjunction tho opposing elements of liis time. The romantic, chivalrous old world man conies out to do battle, nob with an opposing idea, which ho can hate passionately and intensely, and so gain strength from it as men do from all sovereign passions, but with the dull slow yielding forces of old nature. These, to a man of his romantic mould, offered no lasting incentive to effort. Ho would have fought the active enemy until he dropped, but tho inertia of the forces lie was doomed to op pose oppressed him and overwhelmed liim early. Tho world will not forget him for a while, tola's t heory about tho necessity of temperamental work was never better illustrated than by liis literary career. Gordon, though ho was full of echoes so far as mere style is concerned, was yob him self and no other. He expressed his own moods, spoke his own thoughts, fed on his own ex periences. He could feel acutely the rush nnd swirl of life expressed in the lay of the Loam- shire Handicap, "How we Beat the Favorite." Fresh from the Sydney racing week, tho verses that follow seem to have a clearer aud more exciting ring for me than ever : — She camo to liis quarter, and on still I brought her, And up to his giftli, to his brcastplato she drew ; . A short prayer from Neville just reached me. " The1 Devil !H He muttered— locked level the hurdles wo flew. A hum of hoarse cheering, a dense crowd careering, All sights seen obscurely, all shouts vaguely heard. "The green wins." "The crimson." The multitude swims on, And figures are blended and features are blurred. Tho horso is her master! " The green forges past her !" "The Clown will outlast her!" "Tho Clown wins ! " " The Clown ! " Tho white railing races with all tho white faces, The chestnut outpaces, outstretches tho brown. On still past the gateway, sho strains iu the straight way, She struggles ! "Tho Clown by a short neck at most. Ho swerves; the green scourges; tho stand rocks and surges, Aud flashes and verges and flits tho white post. Aye, so ouds tho tussle— I knew tho tan muzzle was first, though tho ring men wero yelling "dead heat!" A noso X could swear by, but Clarko said "tho maro by A short head." And that's how tho favorito was beat. This, I say, this rush and swirl of excitement Gordon could feel intensely, but ho could yet write- in there ought worth losing or keeping? The bitters or sweets men quaff T The sowing ordoubtful reaping? Tho harvest of gain or chaff ? Or squandering days or reaping, Or waking seasons or sleopmg, Tho luughter that dries tho wooping, Or tho weeping that drowns tho laugh ? For joys wax dim and woes deaden, Wo forget the sorrowful biors And tho garlands glad that havo Hod lu Tho merciful march of veal's ; And the sunny skies nnd tho leaden, And the faces that palu or redden. And tho sullies that lovers arc wed in, Who are bovu nml bulled hi tears. There is no doubt that ho felt and meant tliem both, and between them they carry with them something of that fatal air which distin guishes tho works of Lord Byron, a far greater poet obviously, but a man very much of the same mood with Gordon. They both quaffed the cup of pleasure somewhat too eagerly, and each finds a luxury in the contemplation ot his own troubles and perplexitios. Valiant, dash ing, splendid at moments, and then despondent, bitter, cynical and hopeless, sympathetic to sympathetic people in almost any mood, but after all, not of the stuff which makes strong men. , Of course wc are not talking of ideally per fect poets here. The great poet is a man who looks on all things calmly and justly, who is as sclf-balanccd as any cold philosopher or states man, and whoso heart can yet glow over all the splendors of nature and of human nature— a man of dynamic emotional power held under strict control. The poet must he white hot in emotion aud icy cold in sell-judgment in the same second of time, or lie will achieve no perfect presentation of his own thought. No man of this calibre has as yet arisen in the new land. The main characteristic as yet h that which distinguishes tire race of smaller poets ovcrywhcrc, an emotional dash, an emo tional and sensuous rush of feeling, uncontrolled for tho most part by that strictly contem porary faculty of self criticism which is ono of the most necessary weapons in tho artist's armament. Tho root of the matter is un doubtedly in the poets of Australia, but they grow the flower from it too hurriedly. There are not many writers more essentially poetical in temperament, for example, than Henry Kendall, but he wastes his strength on epithet, and sometimes exhibits a singular disregard for the dignity of his own verse. I am quite aware that.if I send the reader to that poem of Ken dall's entitled On a Cattle Track, I am not sending him by any means to the best work of the poet, but the lines contained there serve as an apt illustration of my meaning. The writer here knows perfectly well what lie wants to say, but misses it by pure hurry. You may spoil the most generous wine in the world if you decant it in that way. Your priceless port or aged Burgundy is ruined if the dregs of the bottle are allowed to find their way into the glass. "Where Kendall does control himself, and takes care that the stream of inspiration runs clear, he can be very fine indeed., Take as an example nn excerpt from his lines on the death of Marcus Clarke, who in the memorial volume of the latter is spoken of as liis friend in heart and his brother in genius. I omit the third verso from my quotation, and the judicious friends of Kendall will thank me for it. It is only in that one verse that the stream of thought runs turbid: — The night wind sobs on cliffs nustere, Where gleams by tits the wintry star : And in the wild dumb woods I hear A moaning harbor bar. The branch aud leaf are very still ; But now the grtat grave dark has grown. The torrent In the harsh seabill Semis forth a deeper tone. Here, sitting by a dying flame, I cannot choose but think in grief Of Harpur, whose unhappy name Is as an autumn leaf. And domed by purer breadths of blue, Afar from folds of forest dark, I see the eyes that once I knew, The eyes of Marcus Clarke. Their clear bright beauty shines apace. But sunny dreams in shadows end ; The sods have hid the faded face Of my heroic friend. He sleeps where winds of evening pass, Where water songs are soft and low ; Upon his grave tho" tender grass Has not had time to grow. Except for the unfortunate word "anaco" in the last verso but one cited, which means abso lutely nothiug and is an insult to the rest of the poem, it would uot be easy to beat this little passage for tenderness and delicacy of expres sion, except by a reference to the works of tho actual immortals. In its class it is more than good — it is excellent. But the discerning reader cannot fail to see in that unhappy littlo word the crux of the whole question of poetical expression. The same man who in prose will express himself with a guarded caution and exactitude, when allowed "to assail tho blue empyrean of poetry with a loaded peu " — as an old friend of mine once put it — will be guilty of a hundred extravagances of diction, and as long as he finds his rhyme and - metre accurate will be content with almost anything. And this, though it seems an all hut universal rule, is rather n pity, for in poetry more than in i prose— vastly more than in prose— a perfeofc accuracy of expression, a complete fitness of sense to sound and of word to meaning, is re quired. The best of verso is no more thau noble pro3e clarified and set to musio. I should bo loth to leave this study of Aus tralian verse, necessarily incomplete as its limits make it, without citing in full what strikes me as tho most essentially poetic verses I have found in the Australian anthology. There are but 20 lines, and though thcro are few of my readers hero who nro likely to bo unacquainted with them, nobody, I fancy, will blame mo for re-printing them. They express no great thought, impulse or emotion, but they exhale an odor of their own. Tho writer has felt. a vague uncertain charm— one of those fugitive and passing sentiments of tho sou! with which every sensitive man and woman is familiar— and has for once succeeded in catching tho tricksy sprite of fancy, or rather of sensation. Tho verses arc Mr. Iloldsworth's, and their title is My Queen of Dreams. Tiiey do not mean much, but then thoy wero not intended to mean much. Tho sun ray which falls across your path iu scented pino woods is charged with uo especial message to your mind, though it may carry one to something which lies behind tho mind. Tho scent of a rose or tho song of a bird, or tho brcatli of an evening breeze, or tho last lines of fading color in a sunset cloud mean nothing in tho logical nnd instructive way, but havo their finer meanings all the samo In tho wnvui flushed heart of the roso-red west When tho great sun quivered and died to day Yon pulsed, O star, by yon pinc-clad Croat-— And throbbed till the bright eve ashened gray- When I saw you swim By tho shadowy rim Whore the grey gum dips to tho western plain. Ami you rayed delight As yon winged your flight To tho mystic spheres where your Kinsmen roigu t Oh star, did you seo her ? My qucon of dreams, Was it you that glimmered the night wc strayed A month ago by these scented streams ? Half cheeked by tho litter the musk buds made 1 Din you sleep or wake ? Ah, for love's sweet sake (Though tho world should fail and the soft stars wane !) I shall dream delight Till our souls tnkc flight To tho mystic spheres where your kinsmen reign. I have already said my say about Australian fiction. And although day by day and hour by hour voices reach me which arc not audible to English cars across the sea, I have to confess that I do nob bear any distinctive note, beyond those I havo already sig nalled. The conditions of literature on this side of the world arc, and for many a year must be, unfavorable. The laws of supply and demand rule inexorably even those children of fancy who write novels and poems in the way of business. Tho great newspapers out here can offer to the wide circle of their readers the best works of living English writers, and at present the only publishing centre is to be found n London. The Australian man or woman of genius who would find a market must find it there. In long years to come it may be and must be otherwise. I should never have touched this theme at all if I lmd not seen one patent fact staring me in the face from the beginning. The future of Australian letters to my iniud is clear. I pointed out a week ago that American writers of fiction seek an old-world background for their stories. Their propinquity to Europe encourages them to work in that direction, hut here we arc half the diameter of the world away, and in spite of the increasing facilities of communication tho Australian writer will recognise a wholesome compulsion to live amongst his own people. His very distance from the rest of the world will help to keep him in touch with the affairs that lie at his own doorstep. 44 That is best which lietk nearest." There are social problems to be solved here, there are liolitical problems, as exigent as any the old world has known. There are considerations which have long pressed upon us at home which, though as yet they only dimly menace the Australian future, will have to he faced in time. It is beyond dispute that some change, what ever it may prove to he, will take place in the national character. Your novelists and poets will analyse the changes as they come. Your Utocature by the very force of your distance from tiic old world sources of inspiration will become more and moro characteristic of your own conditions, and in the realms of fiction and of art at least the cry of Australia for the Australians must he satisfied. I do not scruple to sny that nowhere else in the English- speaking world are local influences working so mpidly upon the English character as they are here. It will be long before the iuflnenco of the European model ceases to make its impress felt. And, Bince I for one believe that there is no model purer nnd more majestic in the world, I pray that- it may be long indeed. But nobody who looks thoughtfully at the literature of Australia can fail to notice that its authors choose to treat of the themes they know; that they handle, whether enforcedly or by preference, the characters nnd the scenes that lie actually about them. The fact alone is prophetic of a literature distinctly local. We speak for the moment of a " local" characteristic qb applied to a continent as big as Europe or thereabouts, and the most daring man cannot venture to pro phesy for more than the immediate future. I remember that I once asked my dear aud now departed friend, Uichnrd Proctor, for what period of years astronomers supposed the world would be habitable for the races of men who now exist upon it. By way of an approximate estimate ho answered that wc had some 50,(00,000 or 60,000,000 years in all pro bability before us. That will last more than our time, and there arc changes bcyoiul, of which the most inspired intelligence dare not even dream. In tuc meantime it is comforting to a man who loves his country, and believes in it, to think that the latest of her offshoots, one day perhaps to be the greatest, is following the noblest of the arts in the spirit of the motherland, keeping it clean aud whole- Boine and honest and English, eveu while it diverges into new and local forms. 