Extraordinary Scene in a Cemetery. What haa the appoaranee of a pnge or two of sensational reading from a shilling; shocker appears in the Melbourne journals. It seems that a few nights ago the Queen's Head Hotel at Hotham was broken into and sereral caeca of spirits stolen. The whole of this plunder was removed to the old West Mel bourne cemetery, where it was " planted." U all events it was found there by the cemetery caretaker bidden under a tomb stone, and lying safely concealed within the canty beneath. The oaretaket's at tention has boon attracted to it by the fact that the tomb?tone (erected to the memory of one of Victoria's oldest coloniste) had not been pat back squarely Iα its place. After lookiDg at tho artic'c? beneath, the care taker replaced the stone, acd commanioated with the police, who in tho meantime had received information of the robbery. It was at once felt by them that this was a plant, am} that the ehieyes would probably return samp time during the night for the plunder, Accordingly, two policemen were told off to watch the grave containing the t , spirits," and the other night they oommenced their dreary vigils about a o'clock, For nearly four hours they held communion with tho dead, and thorp was not a Bound to disturb the oilenco of the night and of the graves. Bat on the stroke of midnight two ghost-like figures were s;en creeping towards the spot, and, on ooming to the particular grave in question, they commenced to move the horizontal siab; upen which the two officers sprang from their hiding-place, and a ;e.tjugglo oneued among the tangled glasses, tho roeiilt that Uio two mest lately-arrived eplrlte foiini| tliunificlv.es tqanaclod {ogother. A cab, that had been silently waiting outside, was.' then palled into requisition; the prisonem were placed within it, as woe aleo the plunder, when suddenly a reeouo gang of ?ix or seven fellows rushed oat of the darkness and succeeded in freeing one of tho prisoners and gotting clear off with hi w;, but the policn, who got pretty' welj knocked about, held fast to tho other, who made his appearance at the police court, when -a week's remand was granted, in order that at least a portion of the gang might also be oaptnrod' ' 