Photography. There are on view at Mr. P. M. Hart's, a number of photographs taken by Mr. C. V. Keys, who comes to this town from "the Manning. A new studio has been erected in Belgrave street, near the Commercial Hotel, which is to be completed on Tuesday next, and judging from the specimens exhibited, which show both style and finish, Mr. Keys should meet with every success. Wauchope. Sports are to be held on Friday, July 5th, under the Manning Sheffield Bules. The first prize will be £20, nominations 2s 6d, acceptance 2s 6d. Nominations must be in the hands of the Secretary by Monday next. If the weather holds up, Wauchope should have a good field. Licensing Court. Mr. B. Hayes and Mr. W. Mee applied for auctioneers licenses. The Bench by a majority refused to grant the licenses on the ground that there was no public necessity shown. Land. The following Conditional Purchases were applied for at the Lands Office, West Kempsey, on Thursday last : — B. Provost, 40a., c. Baleigh, p. All- gawera. Macleay Literary and Scientific Society- The meeting of the above society lapsed on Tuesday last owing to coun ter attractions. Evidently "Impromptu tu Speaking " is not the aim of the majority of the association, seeing that each night on which this means of improvement has been brought for ward, the attendance has been very small. Tuesday next is advertised for " A Night with the Poets this an nouncement, together with some im portant business of the society, which still remains in abeyance, should bring members together sufficiently early and in such numbers as to make use ful business possible. The New Time Table. The new time table for the North Coast Mails comes into operation on the 1st of July. The mails will then leave Sydney on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday at 5.30 p.m., and on Saturday at 9.30 p.m. The mails on the first four days named will reach Kempsey at 2.30 p.m. on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday; thus taking 45 hours to come from Sydney, and arriving here in the afternoon instead of the early morning of the day following. The mail leaving Sydney on Saturday will arrive on Tuesday. The outgoing mails will leave Kemp sey at 4 a.m. daily, except Saturday. Mails arrive in Sydney in time for delivery at 8 a.m. The mail will leave Kempsey for down the river on Wednesday, Friday and Sunday at 3.30 p.m., and will return on Thurs day, Saturday and Monday. The up river mail will leave West Kempsey on Thursday at 9 a.m., and will return from Bellbrook at 3 p.m. on Tuesday. Sherwood and Warneton mails will leave Kempsey on Wednes day, Friday and Sunday, returning on Friday, Sunday and Tuesday. Mails for the Bellinger will leave Kempsey on Monday Thursday and Saturday at 7 a.m., returning from Boatharbour on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday at 9 p.m., arriving in Ivempsey at 6 p.m. on the following days. Boxing Contest. A boxing match is advertised to come off in the Kempsey School of Arts on Thursday next, between Dunn and Taylor for £20 to £10, also a single stick contest during the evening. Football- The folio wiug players are selected for the match to-day on the old Leamington Ground: — Back, Mr. P. M. Hart ; lialf-backs, Messrs. F. Bible, W. S. Cochrane and H. D. Morton ; quarter-backs, Messrs. P. Basch and G. I. Scott ; forwards, Messrs. M. Looney, C. Smith, J. Patterson, P. Pembell, Gleeson, G. Tilbrook, L. Lane, F. Long, and A. Patterson ; emergency, T. Lane and J. Brown. Play to commence at 9 o'clock sharp.. In the above list we fail to recognise the name of Dr. Casement. There was every indication, from the number ol' " limpers " after last week's match, that the doctor's presence on the field would not be out of place ; anyway we hope he will not be required. Melbourne Exhibition. The final balance-sheet of the Cen tennial Exhibition Commission is foreshadowed thus : — Amount received .from the Treasury, £276,999 ; receipts from other sources, £135,194 ; total, £412,093. Expenditure, £394,323 ; balance in band £17,669. Taking into consideration the sum of £15,000 received for the safe of temporary an nexes, the total cost to the country lias been about £244,000. The amount received for admissions was £85,468 ; receipts from concerts, £9020; and the total receipts from the exhibition, including £19,434 for the sale of the electric light apparatus and £305 for old material, were £134,987. The total cost of the musical entertain ments was £35,020, deducting £9020 received from the concerts leaves a loss on the music of £26,000. Sporting. Mr. H. W. T. Lee's Ethel Lee and Black Swan have accepted for the Clarence Biver Jockey Club Handicap, and Black Swan for the City Handi cap. Mr. E. A. Coleman's Danby and Araby are scratched for all en gagements. The returns of the principal exports of British produce to Australia for the month of April show an increase of £9956 as compared with the returns for the corresponding period of last year, the returns for the four months of the present year show an increase of £674, 923. as compared with the returns for theiirei four months of 1888. A Farewell Supper. As soon as it became known that Mr. Cottrell was leaving the Macleay, some of bis friends took steps to give him an evening's entertainment. Although the time was short, it not being generally known until Thursday matters were very soon arranged, and on Monday night upwards of forty gentlemen including Mr. E. H. Becke, J.P., Dr. Casement, Mr. Hib- bard, Mr. MacDonald, &c.;, &c.;, assem bled to do him honour. Mr. Gilfillan, occupied the Chair, and by liis natural humour "kept the ball a-rolling" right straight through the evening. After partaking of a capital spread the toast of " The Governor" was proposed by Mr. Moreton, and drunk with due honor. The toast of the evening, in the absence of Dr. Casement, was pro- prosed by Mr. Noonan in humorous and flattering terms. The deafening cheers and " He's a jolly good fellow," which followed, were unmistakable, and it was not surprising that the guest replied in tones which clearly showed he was not a little moved by the novelty of his position. " The Literary Society" came next on the list, speeches being made by the Leader of the " Opposition" and the Premier, Mr. B. T. Smith. Mr. J. Healey next proposed " The Ladies." Mr. MacDonald replied in a speech of some length and fall of humor. Mr. E. H. Becke next gave " The Press," complimenting Mr. Cottrell on his success and ability as a journalist. Dr. Casement followed in his usual happy strain. " The Host and Hos tess," proposed by Mr. Bioliardson, and " The Chairman" by Mr. Lewis, brought the toast list to a close. Mr. Lewis added to the evenings enjoy ment by singing " Saurkraut" and " White Wings," Mr. Morton sang in such a manner as to receive enthusias tic encores. Mr. Adams recited " The Barber's Ghost" and Mr.Ponsford sang " The Fisherman and his child," Mr. A. Crossman also assisted at the piano, and so time went quickly by and everyone left the Victoria Hotel feeling that a happy evening had been spent. A Successful School of Arts. The Port Maequarie School of Arts is going ahead. Although only in existence about 12 months, tenders have been called for enlarging tlie premises. The membership is extended to ladies, and all kiuds of literature is provided for healthy aud reasonable recreation. A fund of £60 or more in band, with a long list of members and such a home for instruction, are indications that Port is not wanting in enterprising spirit in the right direction. Football. A very interesting contest came off on the old Leamington ground on Saturday last between two teams picked from West and Central Kemp sey respectively. Mr. Morton cap tained the Centrals and Dr. Casement the Western men. A large number of spectators congregated outside the field and took great interest in the game from start to finish. Mr. Clements, a visitor to Kempsey, and a member of the Bugby Union, acted as umpire. The contestants entered into the game with spirit. A number of those in the field on both sides had but little knowledge of the game, so that it was not surprising to find the umpire's whistle sounding pretty often. The West Kempsey team was entirely a scratch one, but made up for their deficiency of the laws that regulate this most boisterous of games by a display of quiet cunning and brute force that matched their more trained opponents. One matter that gave rise to considerable discussion was, once when the ball got behind the Central goal, and came in contact with a fence, afterwards being touched down by a Westernite. The Centrals claimed a point, which was objected to on the grounds that the ball having come in contact with an obstacle was dead. On this matter of obstacles behind a goal, the Bugby Union speaks as follows : — " That behind a goal there is no boundary, but should the ball come in contact with any obstacle it is a dead ball." Whether a fence is considered as an obstacle within the meaning of the rule, is the question by the West Kempsey team. Play lasted till sundown, when cheers were given for the captains of the respective teams and their men. There is not the slightest doubt that with practice, the men who assembled on the ground on Saturday last will bo no mean opponnents, and we hope to hear of many a contest between these teams in the future. Those who wish may easily become possessed of the Bugby Union rules, and so improve their knowledge theoritically as well as practically. Departure. Mr. H. F. Cottrell, who has edited this journal with so much success during the last twelve months, left Kempsey by the Woodburn on Tues day, to take up a position on a daily journal, the liockhampton Argus, Queensland. The Bishop of Grafton. The statement that the Bight Be v. Dr. Turner intended to resign the See of Grafton and Armidale, on account of ill health and the difficulty to cope with the work of the diocese, is contra dicted by bis Lordship. Concert- A concert is to be given in aid of the Smith Street Wesleyan Church Organ Fund at the Good Templars' Hall on Tuesday evening next, and judging from the programme we have before us, there is no doubt it will be a great success. The names given include some of the leading talent in Kempsey, and the pieces . appear to have been selected with great care. 