Iltove[ist. The Midnight Prophecy on THE HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. 1Uy Emn3ma Ga'rrison Jones. CHAPTER LVI [.-(CoTzvsNUE.) "Now, see here, what's the use of sticking it out ? You can't help yourself. You are wholly at my mercy. I've told the people here"-with a brutal laugh "that you are crazy, an escaped lunatic, and if you batter the windows down they'll only think you crazier, don't you see. You can't escape. Come now, let's go and get married peacefully, and be gool friends all the rest of our days." lie arose and made an attempt to take her hand, but she repelled him with a gesture. "Lord Strathspey," her young voice ringinglike a trumpet, " I shall never be your wife ! You may drag me to the altar, but I'll denounco and defy you there as I do here '' lie watched her a moment, the old, dangerous look coming back to his eyes. "Very well," he replied then, in the quiet tone he always used when he was onuclih moved, " hare it your own way. Y m 1'1 see whether you'll hold out or not when I get you in the quarters I've pre pared for you. We'll see." lIe turned and strode from the room, his face white with anger, and locked the door after him. ilMargie sat by the window, gazing down into the dingy yard below, and pondering on what Lord Strathspey had said. The people at the inn regarded her as an escaped lunatic-that explained at once the peculiar conduct of the land lady. The young nobleman had spoken advisedly when lie said she was utterly in his power She was, and without one single hope of escape. Thinking it all over, Maggie's brave heart failed hler,and dropping her bright head forward on the window-sill, she sobbed, in her impotent despair, like a chi!d. But her grief was more for her old father's sake than for her own. The long, dreaimy summer day went slowly by. It seemed an eternity to poor Msagie, pacing up and down her barn prison in frantic impatience. Butat last it came to an end; the sun went downi behind the Scottish hills, the purple twilight fell, and the great white stars came flashing out in the opal sky like un set diamonds. Once again her prison door was opened, and the young lord entered. " Come," he said, quietly, unfolding a parcel containing a shawl and hat, "get these on ; we are going now." M3aggie paid noheed to his command. "Will you go quietly ?" he continued. "I wish you would, but if you like to be itubborn, there'snothing to hinder. You tee this," he added, producing a sumall, :ransparent vial, and holding it before aer eyes ; " one seigle sniffat it will make rou as gentle as a lamb, and there are plenty to help me carry you down. Take your choice at once. Will you go quietly or not ?" She arose without a word, and put on the shawl and hat. There was niothing to be gained by resisting, with that deadly drug before her eyes. The young man took her hand, and drew it through his arm, and they descended to the public parlor of " The Lion and the Unicorn." The landlord and his wife and one or two guests were present, and the whole of them arose at once, and stood ready to de amp in case of any violent manifestationo. Maggie had thought- to appeal to them forhelp, but seeing their wiuks, and nods, and signifccant glances, she refrained. They believed her to be mad, and would not give ear to anything she said. She suffered Lord Stratthspey to lead her out to the tavern porch. There was a :losed carriage in waiting a few yards from the steps, and half a dozen boys and nen loitered around, looking on with curious insolence. The poor girl's cheeks tingled with outraged pride and anger, and she went to tile carriage door in utter silence. At theveryinstant that her foot touched the step, and the young lord was hurrying her in, the horses shied anid plunged forwa-d, throwing her back with some violence. " Take. care, madamn," cried -a young mlan, who had jusc come up from another direction. " Allow mre to help you." Ile caught her before she fell, and drew her back a step or twe, while the horses .were being restrained. .1aggio turned the moment she recovered from the shock, and looked at him, and in the summer dusk she saw something inl his handsome, blonde face that inspired her with confidence. Swifter than thought for Lord Strathspey was approaching rapidly, while the stable-boy held the horses-she grasped his arm with both her slender hands, and raised her lovely eyes to his face. " Oh, sir, for Heaven's sake help me," she implored ; "that man is the Earl of Strathspey's son, and he is forcing me from home and friends-save me-help me!" The young lord rushed up, withabitter oath. "She's a lrnatic-don't heed her," he cried, hotly, too hotly, it struck the calm young stranger. "Come on-come, I say." He drew her to to the carriao door, and lifted her in by main force, springing after her, with astonishing rapidity. Maggie struggled from his grasp, and suc cerdel in reaching the window. "Oh, sir, save me-save mel" she cried, in imploring accents. "Who is she ?" demanded the young mail of the landlord, as the carriage whirled away. ".A mad woman, as he told ye; she 'seaped, an' he be taken her back--she's a purty young tiring." Tile stranger saunteredoffin the deepen in_ twilight, his rifle swung across his stalwart shoulders, and a short hunting knife in his belt. "I don't believe it," he murmured, his blue eyes brooding and serious ; " there was no madness in her face ! Heavens, what a face it was I Like one of Raphael's Madonnas. I've half a mind to follow her, and unravel this mystery, By Jove, I will." And lie shot off through the purple gloom, with the speed of an antelope. CIIAPTER LVIII. TalE BORDER WATCH TOWER.. Away up on the bleakest and wildest portion of the North country coast, there stood, at the time of our story, a pile of gray old ruins, known by the name of the Border Watch Tower, because of a tall turret or tower, which loomed up above the main structure, and from which, in days gone by, the border warriors were wont to reconnoiter the movements of their enemy. The surrounding country was very bleak and desolate, and the old castle, with its ruined drawbridge, and stagnant moat, anld crumbling battle ments, was perhaps the dreariest and most uncanny old place within the length and breadth of England. For ages it has been utterly deserted, save by the bats and owls, and the ghosts of the mailed warriors, who used to hold their nightly revels in its spacious halls. On one side, its gray and mouldy parapets looked down into the sullen waters of Solway Firth, and on the other hand, outstretched a blighted heath, utterlysterile and verdureless, neotted here and there with dwarfed oaks and black thorn bushes, and bounded by a ledge of wild, rocky cliffs. Under the base of these extended a gloomy cave, known among the peasants as the " Hermit's Cave,"' and inhabited, so they asserted, by a wierd old man, with fiery eyes and flowing beard, whose life, like that of the Wandering Jew, was endless; and who possessed, moreover, the ubiquity of Asmodeus ; appearing under the shadow of the black thorns at one moment, and away up on the beetling summit of the bald cliffs in the next. In the dead of night, the same night on which our last chapter closed, a carriage rolled rapidly up the broad avenue that led to this grim old Watch Tower. The immense gates stood wide open, as they had been standing, no doubt, for half a dozen years ; and the carriage drove in, and over the mouldy flag-stones, up to the front entrance. The driver leaped from his box, and threw open the carriage door. He was a tall, dark man, with an ugly face, and a dark scarlike a sabre cut across his right temple. " Here we are, my lord," lie said. Lord Angus put his head out and looked about him. " Dark as a dungeon," he ejaculated, with a slight shudder, as his eyes roved over the great gray pile of ruins, looming up before him in the summer starlight. S' S'pose you run up and knock, Berket, and be sure you're all right." The nman ascended the long flight of stone steps, which led to an arched door way, and proceeded to pound lustily. At first, only the bats and owls, startled from their roosts, made any sound in response. He knocked again, with the loaded end of his whip, till the empty halls withinl rang with the sound. Ten minutes passed,and then a sound of footsteps echoed within, and presently, after a great clatter of bolts and bars, the massive doors swung cautiously open, and the dried and wrinkled face. of an old woman looked out. " lWha's that 1" she demanded in strong Scotch accents, one hand on the door, and thie other on the hIead of an immense blodd-hound, that crouched at her side, with blood-sirot eyes, and red, half-open 3awe. . " Ic, ?other Gwinreth, mie,.to be sure I" cried Berket; " the day o' judg ment might come, an' ye'd never know. Why, I've been poundin' here an hIour." "I hearn ye," responded the old woman. "Be the young laird coom l" Berket nodded as lie turned and ran down the steps. "All righit, yer lordship," he called at thie door of thie carriage. Lord:Angus leaped out with Maggie in his arms. Thie poor girl had given over resistance. The sight of the driver's swicked face, and of thie grim and ghostly I old building, awed her :into silent obedience. Her face wns aswhrite as the Syounrg moonlight that began to shimmer ion thie Scottish peaks, and her eyes wore a a solemn startled expressioi. If HceaveOd I did not interpose anLd save lie, sie was lost. The young man set her feet upon the muddy flag-stones, and drawing her hand through his arm, led her along .by. his side. They ascended the steps. and approached the door, where the old woman awaited them with a dim lantern in her hand. At sight of them, the blood hound uttered a terrible growl, and moved stealthily forward. "Donn, ye brute-doon this minnit I" commanded the old woman. He cowered back in an instant, and the old woman came forward, her leaden eyes lighting at the sight of Lord Strathspey's face. " I dinna be sure it was yer lairdship," she said, watching him with a curious, eager look, and touching his are, with her withered hand; " but Iknow it's yersel' now. Yer a braw lal now. 'Tis mony a year since me nuld eyes had sight of ye. Abraw young laird ye be." ' Lord Angus shook off her hand with an oath, staring at her in amazement. " Hush your gibber, will you?" he cried, harshly. "Do you mean to keep me out here all night'?" The old creature hurried back, allow ing him to pass in, with a look of pain and disappointment inherleaden eyes like that we often see in dumb animals. "' The young leddy's room be all ready," she said, humbly. "Will ye go right up now, or- " "Right up now," interrupted the young peer. "Lead the way." She .obeyed in silence, going before them up the great oaken staircase, the blood-hound crouching along at her heels. She paused midway the great hall that ran from the head of the stairs, between two rows of chambers that had once been very grand and stately, and taking a key from her pocket, unlocked and opened one of the carved oaken doors. Lord Strathspey, with Maggie on his arm, followed her into a large and handsome apartment. In its day, this old state chamber had been a magnificent one, but now the tapestry was faded and moth eaten, rats burrowed behind the carved wainscot, and the bronze candlesticks and ornaments on the marble mantel were green with mould. The rich furniture, too, of an antique style, was sadly decayed and faded, and the great Turkish rug in the centre of the floor sent up little pulffs of dust at every touch of their feet. The solitary candle that burned on the mantel threw a dimand ghostly light into the distant corners of the vast room, where an immense lied ulreared itself like a mountain, all draped with faded velvet, and barely disclosed the dim por traits of some dead-and-gone race that adorned the walls. Altogether it was as dreary and tomb like a chamber as one can possibly imagine. Lord Angus led his lovely young prisoner into this haunted old state chamber and seated her, with a bow of mocking gallantry, on the velvet couch that filled one corner. Then he turned to the old woman that stood just within the doorway, her eyes following him with that curious, eager look. "Give me the key," he said, roughly, "and take yourself off.- I can find my way down." She obeyed without a word, and with ithe key in his hind the young man turned to Maggie. "You believe me now ?" he began, his evil eyes flashing with triumph; "you see how completely you are in my power 1 The doors are strong here-to-night the great gates will be closed and locked, and day and night that old crone and her blood hound will stand guard to prevent your escape. You see there is no hope for you." Maggie uttered no word in answer. She sat motionless on the edge of the moth eaten sofa, her face white and rigid, her sweet brown eyes stony with horror and despair. The young lord's heart releated a little as lie looked at her. "I don't like to do this," lie continued, his tone softening as he spoke ; "I want to be good to you, Maggie-it is all, your own fault. - The moment you consent to become my wife, you are free. I want you to think it over to- night and make up your mind to like me-you can easily enough if you will. I shall come to see you early in the morning, and if you'll say the word we will be married at once, and I'll take you back to your father the Countess of Strathspey Towers." Still she uttered no word in response, bhut sat in that white, stony silence. The young man could not bear to look at her, antd he turned toward the door. "I won't annoy you to-night," he said "you're tired. I'll go down and send Gwynneth up with some supper and a glass of wine and you'll feel better to morrow. Good-night." He- lingered an intstant, hoping she would speak, but she did not, and he went out, closing and locking the door after him. And Maggie was left alone a prisoner in this great, ghostly old chamber. CHAPTER LIX. TIIE DECOY. The Earl of Strathspey left Ravenswold on the tenth of Scptember to miako arun down to London and return in time for his daughter's marriage, which was ap pointed to take place on the twenty third. Ile had various. commissions to dexCcute, business matters to arrange, ald the marriage settlements to attend to. In addition, the carl wished to consult with his solicitor, in regard to the ecpediency of disitnheriting, or d~ ning.irather, the youngtman who hIad so long been known as hIis soi. Tie subject was a-very painful one, but Lord Stratlhspey was not the man to shirk lwhait he considered to be his duty, ito matter how much pain it miglit cause him. - - - - - : Day by day, hoitr by ihour, the convtc tion that the boy twas not his son, that lhe had been deceived and imnposed upon, grew uponhim; and while he rejoiced to believe that so depraved and unpromising a young nian was in truthit no son of his, it was with a feeling: of keeni pain that lihe thought of renouncing himn. After all his hopes, after allhe had bornes and suffered, hle should die without an heir, aid the timeh-ihnored tinme'of Strathspey wouldi die with him. Better thus, however, talmn to leave it in tlie hands of one who would surely bring din grake and shame upon it. : : HIe was fixed iti:'his determinatiotin and started dowir to" London to'look into the matter land see What -could: lbo done. Iminecdiately ifteir the marriagC of his dagighter lie proposed li~ising- the retlnatis of hifi wife disinterred 'and reoiuoed ':..=? ? ,':. ,· : ; ,· L - 5?:,,?'? ; ?r . to the grand burial-place at Startlhspey Towecrs. That done, his life-work was ended, and nothing remained for himii but death. He purposed leaving oEng land in all probability forever, and end lug his miserable existence in a foreign land. .Thus the earl purposed doing, as he stood on the pl!atform at the Perth rail way, waiting impatiently for the express train to London, but a trilling incident, or shall we say a providence, which works, even through the wrath of evil men,to ac complish and perfect its marvellous ends -caused him to change hli mind. The earl received a letter; a yellow en velope, directed in a scrawling hand, and delivered by a dark man, with a sabre cut over his right temple. He tore it open a trifle impatiently, and read its contents. It ran. thus: "If the Earl of Strathspey will come to the old castle called ' The Border Watch Tower,' he may learn something in regard to his own son." - -'His own son," mused the peer, walk inmg up and down. " What can it mean, I wonder 2? I've half a mind to go and see. I know the old castle well. By Jove, I will go 1" He turned on his heel, while the express train went crashing out on its wayto Lon don; and half an hour later he was aboard a passenger train, bound for the North country border. Ho got off at Hawick, under the shadow of the Cheviot Hills, and finding i no better mbde of travelling at hand, after making a hasty dinner, he secured a seat in a mail-coach, whichwould convey him with in a few miles of the ruins. With every mile he travelled, his im patience increased. Ills own son! He kept repeating the words over and over, with something like a thrill of pleasure. He had been so deceived, and baffled, and disappointed-what if at last his very own son was to be restored to him ? The little Tyrol foundling, that his dead wife claimed as her own ? It might be so.. Stranger things had hap pened. We have before stated that the earl was impulsive and impetuous by nature ; Whatever he believed, became a faith to him. And now thinking it over, as he rattled along in the mail-coach, his im patience waxed hotter and hotter. If it might only turn out as he hoped if he might-find and claim the boy his wife loved, the child for whose sake she sacri ficed her home and happiness, and her life -what joy it would be to endowhim with his name,.his wealth, his honors, for the sake of her whom he had so deeply in jured ! It was the one only thing which could in any way afford liim comfort, or appease the cruel remorse that stung him like an adder; and his great desire that it might be so grew into a hopeful faith. His own son! It must be the little foundling of the Tyrol that howas soon to hear of. The mail-coach put him down in the silver dusk of a September eve. A young moon hung like a silver crescent over the blue Cheviot peaks, and the stars none out like jewels in the far-off, inisty blue. The "Border WatchTower" was a few miles distant ; he could see the round tur ret looming up gray and grim in the opal light. There was'no conveyance at hand, and the impatient earl, too eager to brook a moment's delay, determined to walk the distance. Hedid so,striking off in a direct line across the north country, and leaving the rolling downs and rugged. peaks far behind. The moon was going down in a bank of thulnderous storm-cloud when he reached the great gate of the old castle, and an owl was hootin4 dissmally from some hid den perch away up in the windy battle menits. Toe earl paused, panting and weary front his long and rapid walk, and leaning against the hiuge stone pillar, gazed around him. . And at sight of the dreary prospect the black and sullen waters beneath the ruined moat; the blighted heath, stretch ing far away in the dim light; the gloomy fir-grove that flanked the broad avenue, and the great gray pile of ruins, so still, and ghostly, and tomb-like in the uncer tain moon-rays-at sight of all this, for the first time a thrill of apprehension assailed him. What if he were being lured into a trap? Could it be so ? Asking himself the question, as if by some weird magic the face of his son, of the boy who had borne his name and en joyed his benefits so long, seemed to rise before him-a face full of wicked malig nant triumph. For one brief inoment the earl hesitated, half inclined to turni back. Then he raised his hpughty head with a scornful smile. He had never met a danger in all his life long that lie dared not face, and should lie turn back from this-he, who held his life so lightly I ..A rusty horn hung suspended from the lingo gate, which was securely locked. The earl took it down, and blow a long, loud blast, s?ich a blast as was wont in days gone by to rouse the border warriors from their revels. The hoarse braying of a blood hound within responded to his summons, and all agauin was silent for the space of ten min utes, iwhlen a footstep echoed on the damp fing-stone, and directly after the rusty bolts and bars began to rattle. Tie gate was cautiously opened, and the same tmarn w'ho had delivered the letter look oedot? , ''Atli!": he ejaculated,= !thel' earl sit last. Will your lordship be pleased to ": Who desires my presence heroe!' de: demanded the eairl., '.: "Thie mister,"'replied the man, glibly; '"he lias tidings for your lordship, if you will have the goodness to walk inand hear." ' SThe Iearl strode ins without :nother question. T. e gate sas closed and loeked after hIim, ard tlhen his guide led the wiiy to the castle enitrance. . The earl followed uo the mouldysteps and thirougha the areched door: way. In the greithatlll, the old.womain known :as Mother Gswynnethstood with a liBght, and at a sigial frotil the man, she it once led tli 'say into a spacious drawingroom. A granid, gloomy apirtietent, filled With muist and deciay, and floored with colored tiles, like~the rooms bI .:::above. ". ,: :: rFroll. a velvet chair in a remote cornier, a" man's figRure roes. G wyiinethl put dossu the ight and retreasted, iand thI Earl of Strathspey stood face to faca with his son, the young Lord Angus. . 'For the space of a minute, the two men faced each other in dead silence ; then the earl: spoke, hlis voice quivering with rage: "Did oiys send that letter " he de manded; "'did you dare to decoy mne into this.den?" The young -man's faco.wvore a smile of diabolical truimph. "I did,begging your lordship's pardon," lie replied; " I invited you to conme if you wished to hear something of your orn son; and he is very much at your honor's ser vice, the only son, the only heir the Earl of Strathspey will ever own." For an instant the earl stood breathless -utterly dumfounded at the young man's arrogant impudence. Then his hot and hasty temper flamed up. "You young villain I" he cried, rushing toward Lord Angun,"I'll teach you how to make a fool of me." He made an attempt to grasp the young man's collar, but Lord- Arigus elu ded him, and, retreating step bystep,drew the earl on to. the farther corner of the spacious room. There was a wide tile just beneath their feet. The young lord pressed upon one corner of this with the toe of his boot, and it slid slowly downward, carrying the earl with it, down into an abyss of utter darkness. Lord Angus peered down into the awful chasm, his face full of wicked exul tation. " Who will be Earl of Strathspey now, my lord?" he called, mockingly. Then the heavy tile slowly rose, and slid back to its place with a sharp snap. "A snug trap that," mused the young peer, with his hands in his pockets ; "and my Lady Cecilia Drummond's a clever woman-a deuced clever woman, and a handsome one. If I don't succed in break ing in mny wild fury, I've half a mind to make love to her, now that the earldom's mine. CHlAPTER LX. - DEFEATED. Judith lost no time in carrying out hlae determination to warn Captain Fossbroke of his danger. The moment her duties to Lady Marguerite were ended, she hurried across the wold, in the waning light, to the residence of Mr. Keith. The old highland country house was very silent and sad, for Mr. Kefth was ab sent, at work with the detectives who were trying to find poor Maggie; and the old doctor was sitting out upon the stone steps, his head bount upon his breast, given over to despair and grief. Judith approached him with tears in her eyes. "Ay, 'tin you, my girl," he said, .in re ply to her salutation, his eyes full of the wistful inquiry that neverleft them. "I was in hopes- " " He stopped short, his voice choked and unsteady. "But 'tis useless," he added, after a moment. "I may as well give up all hope. She's gone, Judith-myn pretty bairn's gone-I shall never hear from her again." There was a deep pathos in the father's grief for the daughter lie loved so fondly. t Judith's tears fell fast as she looked at him; but her words were the words of hope and consolation. "Do not despair," she said; "I'm sure you will find her-I feel it somclho-, doc tor-she's not gone." But lie shook his gray head in des pair. "Remember how it was about IIen drick," the girl continued, hoping to cheer him.- "I had mourned hiem as dead so long, and, in the hour I least looked for it, lie was restored to me. The mercy of Heaven is endless, and its power is omni potent, doctor. You will surely fin1i your child again." He looked up at the summer stars hbove him. Judith's earnest words thrilled him with renewed.hope. She passed on, in search of the captain, and found to her consternatian, that-he was absent, gone to Glasgow, to return on Thursday. On Thursday, the very day on which the fatal wine supper was to be held I What should she do ? Hurrying homeward through the silent starlight, she thought until her temples throbbed with pain, and at -last deter mined to reveal the whole affair to the countess. Lady lIargueritewas in the music-room when Judith reached Ravenswold, filling all the summer silence with hermournful melodies, and the girl ran to her own little room, to seek advice from her husband. She had told him the story of the baro ne''s treachery before, and he strongly approved of her decision to reveal all to the countess. ." There e something wrong," ihe said, in his grave, slow manner, "though I can't see through it. i've been watclhingthe baronet since you told me, and there's sonmething wrong with him, Judith. He 'starts and looks behind him when there's no cause-lie's got a secret of some kind on his mind, I'm sure o' that.'" " And he to be my poor little Pearl's husband!" cried Judith. "And a night or tnwo ago," pursued Hendrick, withoutnoticinig what she said, ;" I vas down in the stables, and Sir Bay ard cimue down--hes always pirying abvet the horses. Rightin theyardhen.octCa - tain Fossibrooke face to face ir:TLey both stopped and stared at each other, and says "Why,- oflonel Iiclmonail BIo 'I , asI live L'! 'LAnd Sir .Bayard, he turned so white that I thouj~ht lie'd ilrop where he stood. The captain went on with a laughli and then Sir Bayard fell to swearin awful. I wonder what it-all means ?" '" , Colonel Rilimond Brooke," repeated Juditli, thoughtfully. "Yes,"saidHendrick; 'that'sthiename. I remeinmber it well." .. . " " Well,'tis all in ' tangle," ehe replied; " I can't begin' to see one endfromt'other but i'll take your addvice and tell thewhole thing to the countess.-, -! Ay, - ass, "tis the ,be?t?.thin" youi ean" do,'" responded Hendrick, stroking her browrn hair as he arose to go out. And Judith went straighltway and thp ped for (admittance at the door of tie cointess' sittingroom - , ':lTheb old lady lihd anew- novel before her and her itcni rible silver miiig of stron" cbfee t hier -elbow.. Sh 'stared a littie as Judith entered anid: b ed ggeth i-fan or of lier atter..i.=. or a few minutes. But, she closed her noicl, 'aid pushed~ back her goggles,,i d laidone haiid on the jbi?clled hiad of her stailf, and bide her plneeed with what ihoi wished to ERV'. Judith obeyed, rehearsiig i.n aconcise: and strictly: trudlifl manner; and with that terse and striking style that was orie of lier.gifts the whole alfair from begin ning to end, winding up witli the 'littl inlcident lthat Hendrick had noticed in the stable-yard. ' The countess listened, lier keenaeyes blazing, her hands working' nervously oi the top of her cane. :She comprehanded all tli points tlhat had escaped the girl's comprehension. . When the story was ended she brought down her stick with a crash. "'There," she cried, excitedly, "I see the whole thing now as clear as daylight. What a blind idiot I've been not to sus pect it before. The man's an imposter, and Bayard Brompton's dead-murdered I That's the whole in a nutshell. Poor Bayard." She meditated a moment and then bounded to her'feet with the alacrity of a girl. ." Here, my good girl," she cried, as she threw off her velvet gown, "dress me quick. I won't ring for my maid-there, the black satin aid a' fresh turban.i Oh, Heaven !" she went on excitedly, as Judith hastened to obey, "-to think how I've suffered myself to be diped-thank Heaven 'tis not. too late. Poor Pearl, poor little girl, what a fate she has es caped. " Girl," turning upon Judith as slhewas folding the snowy turban; "I'll give you a fortune for the service you've done me to-night ; a fortune that will make you a lady." Judith thanked her a'sahe arranged the turban and looped it in front with the great flashing diamond. The countess grasped her stick and hurried down. Pearl was still at the piano, and the baronet was bending over her chair doing his utmost to play the devoted lover, theo poor girl shrinking away from him with horror and aversion. The countess crossed the room with the tread of a cat and put her lips close to the baronet's ear. " Colonel Riclmond B1rooee," she cried, shrilly, " ,lcen did eout murder Sir Baeard Bromliton." The baronet bounded up as if a bullet had struck him, turned sharply and stared at the countess in blank consternation. Then comprehending the whole, his face slowly whitened, and with one or two in effectual gasps he sank to the floor in sensible. The countess sat down contemplating the prostrate soldier with an amused twinkle in her sharp eyes.' " I're given myself credit all mylife for being acleverwoman," she observed, "but I'm convinced now that I'm insufferably stupid, that I ever should have been brought to believe that creature a Bromp ton. Pah I Marguerite, child, ring the bell,'will you 1" lMarguerite, pale with wondering dis may, hastened to obey. "Call that gentleman's valet," com manded the countess of the servant who entered, indicating the prostrate baronet with the toe of her satin slipper. In five minutes Leonard entered, a startled look in his black eyes. "Take your master to his room," said the countess; "Ito is ill. 1 will have a physician called in." Leoniard obeyed with alacrity, and the dowager proceeded to call in,' not a physician, but a pair of officers. Half an hour later they invaded the baronet's room, but lo, the casement was wide open, and the baronet and his valet were both gone. But the unsuccessful soldier had left his written confession behind him. " I am Sir IBayard Brompton's half brother by an illegitimate connection. His father did my mother an unpardon able wrong, and I owed her son a grudge. Moreover, I was the elder son, the title and wealth were mine ; I tried to secure them ; I have failed." "Poor fellow," mused the countess; "he did have a look of the Bromptons, and I can't help feeling some pity for him. But lihe's a murderer-put the oflicers on his track." To be continued. 