— ; ; — v ,m m > — ; dramatic notes Mr. Charles Warner is preparing in earnest for his New -Zealand trip. On Wednesday last, by kind ' peTmission of Messrs.' Williamson, - Garner, and Musgrove, he rehearsed " Drink " with the company engaged for the tour. " The Bells of Haslemere," after its prosperous run, has been withdrawn in order to make way for the reproduction of " The Silver King " to-night,, at the Theatre Royal. D'Arey Read's Ghost at the Hibernian Hall still " Walks the night, with intents not wicked but chari- table." Of its kind "The Grasshopper" is not a bad play, that is to say, not avery bad one, but it is of a kind that certainly does not commend itself to us, being one of those strings of wild absurdities mid discon- nected incidents that appear to have been scattered out of a pepper-box upon a spider's web. This illus tration may be far-fetched, but it is nevertheless true: Stilb the .acting of Miss Jennie Lee infuses life even into the podrida, and her excellent dancing, singing, and vivacious versatility elicits warm plaudits from all parts of the house. "The Grasshopper" is to be followed by "Jack in the Box," a musical variety drama in four acts, by G. R. Sims, first produced at Brighton in 1885, and in London at the Strand Theatre, Feb. 7th, 1887. That most lacryinose of all. modern dramas, for lacrymose it essentially is, whatever the version, more tearful, in fact, than that dismal production, " The Stranger," was produced at the Alexandra Theatre; on Saturday last, and attracted a very large audience, who were as demonstrative in their sympathy with the woes of the hapless Lady Isabel, as the dramatist or tlje performers could desire. Last night terminated the successful season which Mr. Harry Rickards has carried through at St. George's Hall, and to-night the Cogill brothers, in conjunction with Mr. John Gourlay, will open at that popular place of amusement in G. R. Sims' "Skipped by the Light of the Moon." \---------------- The Royal Museum, with its wealth of curiosities and its amusements, is drawing at the Waxworks! " it appears they want to " attach" the "Marble Man," but there appears to be a prior attachment, which prevents that process being summarily carried out. How do the myrmidons of the law propose to do it ? Will they "run him in," and incarcerate him in gaol? They could hardly do that we should imagine. And what will they do with him when they get him? We give it'up. Captain W. Jackson Barry, one of the pioneers and founders of Melbourne, who is well known as a lecturer on the early history of Victoria; will deliver a farewell lecture on Monday evening at Curran's Royal Club Rooms, his subject being The Australian Colonies, and Men of the Times, a topic to which his extended experience ought to enable him to do ample justice. David Christie Murray, the eminent author and lecturer, is just about arriving in Tasmania, and may be expected in Melbourne in a few days, where he will commence his course of lectures very shortly. As Mr. Murray has the advantage of the experience and practical knowledge of Mr. James MacMahon to run him, there is little doubt of the enterprise proving a great success. There has been a plethora of theatrical talent in Melbourne during the week, and the "Rialto" has been quite festive with familiar faces, unfamiliar there of late. Mr. George Darrell and his company from Queensland; the Taylor-Carrington Company from the west, the sempervernal Fred. Maccabe froin Gippsland, burly James Allison from Sydney, the Cogills from the north, Matt. Berry and the Katie Putnam troupe from the provinces, "Dick" Whitting- ton from Adelaide, and W. G. Carey, Newton Griffiths, and others from New Zealand. Some remain, some have gone. Of the former, George, Darrell plays a season at the Opera House after the Silbon- Stirks, Maccabe enjoys his otium cum dignitate, and the Cogills are with us at St. George's Hall. James Allison left for Sydney on Wednesday, Katie Putnam has gone to Newcastle, and yesterday "Dick" Whittington returned to his beloved Adelaide. The Taylor-Carrington Company contemplate a tour through Gippsland, opening at Warragul on Tuesday. After that they intend to work the north-eastern district, Numurkah ancl .other places in the hew wheat- growing country. The usual Thursday afternoon organ recital was given by Mr. David Lee in the Town Hall. Dan Barry is girding up his loins preparatory to another plunge into the interior. He, proposes to run a fireworks show in conjunction with his dramatic company, and to attend the various agricultural and other shows in the up-country towns, commencing at Ararat. In connection with the Silbon-Stirk Company it may be well to state, so as to prevent misapprehension and possible disappointment, that they will not give any more matinee performances, the preparations for changes of programme preventing their sparing the necessary time. The St. Maur Dramatic Company have been doing good business in the suburbs during the past week. On Monday and Tuesday next they appear at William- stwn, on Wednesday and" Thursday at Footscray, and on Friday at the Recreation Hail, Kew. Monday Week they open at Geelong. MR. ARTHUR GARNER, One of the Popular Triumvirate. The May Edwards Company are touring in the north-east, and working thence in the direction of the north-west. The name of "Alta" has long been familiar to those who patronise the Alexandra Theatre, where, as scenic artist, he has responded to numerous hearty calls on first nights. "Alta" is the nom c\e theatre of Mr. A. Tischbauer, and as he is left this for Europe this weeli, last Saturday night, was chosen by some of his admirers connected with the theatre as a fitting time to present him with a little souvenir. This took the form of a ; .handsome. gold locket, suitably inscribed, .and display ing a large diamond on the outside. The presentation was made after the performance, and the recipient feelingly thanked the donors. Mr. Maccabe is back in Melbourne, and, we are glad , to' say, looking as pink as ever. He lias been having a good time down amongst' blie denizens of what Henry Kingley called,,!', the .brightest jewel dn the 'Blitisli crown," namely, Gippsland. The Gippsers have, crowded round Maccabe, and Maccabe has crowded out the Gippsers, so that's " fair an' equal, .ye know." He comes last from, Bairnsdale, and is intent on a few days spell in Melbourne. After a short trip as far as Sydney and back, Maccabe goes to give the Maoris a turn, that is to say, to explain those who don't under stand the vernacular, lie tours New. Zealand. Professor P>aldwin, with his Butterfly, company, was : last heard of at Morpeth, in the Hunter River district, doing well. \----------------------- We are informed that beside the projected new. Bijou, and the theatre at Tom Nunn's corner, it is proposed to erect still another theatre in Collins- street- east, on land between Russell and Exhibition Streets. It may be remembered that we, some weeks since, hinted at the probability of such a thing being done, but stated that we were not then at liberty to indicate the site. The theatre is to he designed to seat 1800 persons, and is intended for the production of high class comedy. Mr. Nahum Barnet is the architect, and the plans have been placed before the Central Board of Health. The plans of the new theatre at the corner of Russell and Bourke Streets, designed by Mr. Wm. Pitt, and the amended plans of the Bijou, by Mr. G.. R. Johnson have also been placed before the Central Board of Health for their approval, and were to be considered yesterday. With regard to the latter, it may be noted Mr. Johnson has materially altered his designs. Communication with the Palace Hotel is to be cut off by a brick wall, and the gallery is to be abolished, so that the audience accommodation will consist only of dress-circle, stalls, and family- circle. \-------------------------------- A juvenile pianist from Ballarat, Miss Maud Wilson, performed yesterday at Government House, and was warmly praised by Sir William and Lady Robinson. Her father intends to send her to the Berlin Conservatoire for three years, ancl prior to her departure, Mr. Julius Hera has arranged to give a soiree under the Vice-regal patronage, at the Town Hall. .. ' The Melbourne Shakespeare Society proposes to give prizes of handsomely -bound 'books to young' people of both sexes, under twenty years of age, - showing the most thorough knowledge of a play of Shakespeare, and of Dowclen's Shakespeare Primer. The play selected- for' this year is " A Midsummer Night's . Dream." The Lynch Family of Bellringers are still success fully touring the suburbs. They, give -their usual excellent Saturday entertainment at the Athenaeum Hall to-niglit, -and we note the re-appearance of the New Zealand cantair ice,- Miss E.- Randellj ancl the famous harpist, Mr. Edwin Smith. 7iladame Jaffa, a pianiste of repute, gave ail after noon recital at the Athemeum Hall on Wednesday in the presence of . Hisj'Excellency Sir William .Robinson, and a not very niunerous audience. Madame Jafia >s leaved for America shortly, y " The astounding feats of the .Silbon-Stirk troupe of gymnasts, bicyclists, &e.; , have , attracted crowded houses cluriag the week at the Opera House, and Messrs. Hiscocks and MacMahon are to lie congratu lated on having so nicely hit the popular fahcy. . To night is a special command night in honor of General Edwards, C.B. , R.E. , who visits Meiboiu-ne by- Iinperial Commission to inspect and repbrt oh the organisation of the military forces of Victoria. Oh Monday there, is to be a pomplete change of programme, including the " Jumbo Policeman," whatever that may be. . The opening concert of the Victorian Orchestra is announced to take place at tlie/Town Hall next week, under the Vice-regal patrpnage. It is reported that Miss Jennie Lee is to appear in the principal part in the Royal pantomine, which is to be Aladdin. 