RRRR^lTstorT in SorEblOT S%uuo. i To this dny'it rcmaina a mystery, nnd it will probably ever remain so. Tlioic Is no question of delusion ^ no one could or. can deny it. The facts are facte, plain and unvarnished ; and as tliey ♦era told to the writer l-y a friend — if he were not a relati\£ of the parti-s — they should be repeated. As there is no HOP in lilnimtnrr noonln wn ftlt-tll l.rtf mention tho number of tho house. It is, however, on tho west side of B-rkcley Square, Ixmcirn, -Y., and we repeat that the tale is absolutely tiue. : The house, which we visited, wns at that time nppaiently untenanted. It was certainly in a had state of repair, and as certainly not to be let. No tenant was desirous to inhabit it ; for, though a caretaker and his wife lived in the basement, they would not enter the haunted room ; and the mansion had remained empty , and desolate in tho whirl of Mnyfair. ? These were the conditions, when a , family from the country came, and despite the exterior appearance of the house, were certainly pleased with its interior arrangements. The house suited all parties, and it ' was painted and . re novated sufficiently to sntify the tenants for the season. The tradespiople were all on the tiptoe of expectation, foe no one had ever lived in the. house fur four consecutive we- ks. Rent had been sur rendered, and n hurried departure had again, caused the advent of the ca re- take is. ? I.t was their duings,' was the whiijpered comment. 'These people say the house is haunted, and so they have honse room,' Biit:they never dissuaded a :tenant. Many: tenants came and went ; sounds were heard, and something nno.nnv was in possission,. for no one remained. The family who came into temporary possession of the mansion had no idea of its history, and it is at this period^ in ; the year 1S71 — that the -.writer's acquaintance with the house began: The new tenants took possession, nnd wore handed over all the keys. There were occupants for, all the bedrooms, and one uppt-r apartment was allotted to tiie housemaid. It wasja nicely furnished ' room at the hack of the house ; small but; except for a peculiar atmosphere, very comfortable. 'No one had hitherto slept in that room,' they said, ' and it was rather damp.' So a fire was lighted and; the bed made- ready for its new occupant. The girhcame in in rood time and! went upstairs to bed. 'Everything was; in readiness for her, and the ladies' maid who had indicated the apartment, had dot her. Ere she had got into bed,' a piercing shriek aroused the household ; then a heavy fall in the housemaid's room caused them to hasten npstaiis. What could he the matter? Misliess and servants rushed tip together; master fallowed. The room was broken open, and a terrible sightjgiet the..gaze of the intrudets. The poor girl, partly dressed was lying insensible on the floor in a dead faint. She was laid on the bed and remedies were applied as soon as possible. The convulsive movements of her limbs were succeeded by violent ravings, and it reqnirad two men to hold her, so terrfi le were h»r struggles. Her appearance was. thab-of a maniac, and when, with the assistance of a doctor she had been calmed, it was pteceived with unutterable terror, that the poor girl was 'raving mad.' She was quite exhausted for a w hile, but the paroxysms again ibegan. She was removed as soon as pos ible and after a while a lucid interval intervened. To questions ad dressed to Iter, she only replied, with terrified mein and nameless horror in her face, 'Ye. I saw it ! I saw it!' and relapsed into imbecility. Now what she had seen was a mystery. She never gave any; account of the horribly sttange sight that met her gaw. The story got wind and Was laughed, at: was credited » holly or partially accord ing to; the constitutions of the hearers. The tenants avoided the room, which was again locked up, and ro more was -heard pf 'ghos's' for awhile. It happened one evening that the tenants gave a party. There was a ?— small dance, and amongst the guests some guardsmen, and other officers. There Wa* some curiosity expressed as \- to the haunted room, and many of the guests— particularly thn military ones — laughed at the idea of any danger or ghost. Finally the subject absorbed '? general attention ; dancit g wtis discatdcd for discussion ; the la-lievcts outnuuibeicd the scep'ics. * I'll ' t et you five pounds/ said a young officer, ' that I will go and re main an hour in the haunted room and come down unharmed.' ' Done !' ex claimed his opponent'. ' Don't I' ex claimed the more timorous of his friends. The lady of the house and her husband loth endeavored to dissuade him. But he was. firm. 'He laughed ghosts to ~C n ota, and jestingly hadu 'farewell' to ! bis companions.; , J£« curried a candle, and as he prepared, to ascend to the room, which had'been lighted with gas, some presentiment teems to have af fected him, hut hn laughed away all remonstrance. ' You won't frighted me . with ' a regiment of glio.ts,' he said. ' But I'll secure my retreat. Remember, If I ring once, you will bo ready to come upstairs, because : you will '' understand that I have sieo ' J1 and may require assisto*- , ?jojncthmg mised, and lie cout''- twice vou wi' ? 'u™' 'But ill ring fn nelit ?' 'lt °'uii k'ow , n'' nnd then come up as fast as * , you can. T shall not ring without reason ' Tlie)' wished tit' y°''S f,ill-|w good luck, and standing in and near the drawing-room door watched htm ascend \- tlm slaircase. He laughed them a cheery ?eood-bye/ entered the room, which f.,itu liL.ltl cd. and shut the door tomlly The noise echoed through the jouuj/. f»vr'rvonP, oww tlio house now sih-n , fln(J tho as one expressed it, as if something was going to liappen. He had been gone fifteen minutes, and ? no wund had alarmed thelguests. Bets beian to he talked of and wagers tendered that he would not ring, and that there -was no ' Ghost ' nor mystery at all. Suddenly a faint 'ling, ting' was heard front the basement. .There was .no' mistake — he had rung the bell i On the startling notice tho ladies ran out, and the men began to ascend the stairs. A few weic. for rushing up at once, but tho courage of their friend and their agreement held t hem hack ; 'still they woie ready for a dash : up 'the flight at the first tingle of the seciind bell. 1 ? j Some terrible, 'minutes, passed the ticking of.the clock was clistinctfy n.uJ ible. ''?Th'?»qiloiid,:. violent crash of 111' fiell : a sound of. fctrful significance ? to all-who heard it! |Two seconds -sufficed for the men to reach the room and burst open tho door. ' This is what they saw \--The young officer, . stretched in his bed/rigid, dead ! His jaw had dropped.; his eyes were staling ope i vacantly in mortal terror-; a dumb, si my fear and awful horrcr stamped on his .features! His left . hand clutched the bell rope which had : summoned up his : friends. But no presence v?os visiljlc. No form appearc I to alarm ;the'o' hers. Theie he lay, sta»k, slaring.uiatl in cjcnfch \ What had he seeri — whelhet* demon or spirit — must ; forever, remain -a mjstery us avn*»o)o.l fVin TlnTkrion wot ld. He died, seated to death by the awful appariitionWhich he* had injsooie manner 'efi'd or offended. J j ; Sometime after, we. believe in '1879, the iicondition of the /hcjuse and the mystery a«ain claimed attention. Qurs tions were' publicly | addressed to those, interested, but no reply was given, nor .was (any explanation evec afforded of this perfectly true mystery j of' ^ Berkeley Sqn.ire.— CtwscVs [Saturday %unial. 