SECOND SHEET lill, SATURDAY, JULY C, 1889. COVPAKTNG THE ItAILWATS. .5.USTBALIA. is juBt now reading the opinions 1 of two experts iu railway management, who have taken occasion to examine the systems j of England and America with a view of com- paring them with the Australian systems One of the travellers waa Mr. C. A. Goodchap, till recently head oi the department of New South Wales railways, the other Mc. E. Speight, Chairman of the Victorian Board of Railway Commissioners. Our countryman went with only a colonial experience in rail- way management ; Mr. Speight Tras an experienced English manager before he -? came to Australia, and could in England do no more than ascertain what advances, if any, had been made in railway science since his absence. But in the United StatPB system both gentlemen were able to find something unfamiliar to observe, and something which they thought worthy of imitation. We shall not dwell at any length on the reports these gentlemen bring respecting English railways. They agree in saying that the lines, the carriages, and arrangements of the traffic are excellent, tho excellence, according to Mr. Speight, being largely the result of competi- tion among the companies. In Mr. Good chap's opinion, however, the ordinary carri- age accommodation in England is not very much superior lo that of New South Wales Both travellers concur in saying that neither in England nor America are the lighting arrangements in carriages superior to those of Australia. In England oil lamps are still used; in America kerosene is the lighting agent, and is better than the English oil, but the New South Wales gas lamps and the Vic- torian kerosene lamps give better lights to travellers than either. Experiments are pro- ceeding both in England and America with the electric light, but the stage has not yet been reached at which it would seem to rail- way managers prudent to adopt it in place of oil lamps. In the United States the experts were struck, as most travellers are, with the per- fection of the arrangements for carrying the luggage of passengers. Mr. Speight found no improvement in this respect in the English practice as be remembered it ; ? Mr. Goodchap saw nothing for Australian managers to leam in that practice ; but both gentlemen praise the splendid American arrangements. Tot it would seem that it would not be possible to introduce here or in England the American luggage system in its completeness, without also introducing the American carriage, and the train with com- munication from end to end. Mr. Speight, partly with a view evidently to intro duce the American luggage system, and Mr Goodchap from conviction of its convenience, manifestly favour the American car. That hind of railway carriage has not succeeded ia displacing in Eagland the compart- ment car, but in Australia, it seems to be an essential at any rate on the longer lines, and for intercolonial travelling, which consumes days and nights. Those who have experienced the fatigue of so comparatively short a journey as that from Newcastle to Sydney, in which the compelled sitting pos- tare has effectually murdered sleep, and the hunger and cold inseparable from present arrangements, will wonder why the Com- missioners do not hasten to adopt for long journeys an American style of train, with its "observation" cars, whence the scenery may be viewed, its sleeping and buffet and dining cars, and luvatory and other conveniences. Mr. Goodchap is in no better position now to enforce his opinions in favour of change than any other member of Parliament. But Mr. Speight comes bach to go into harness sgdn, and we hope therefore that if American carriages are run on Victorian lines to the border, their manifest commodiousness and comfort will ensure their adoption by our managers also. The English objection to the American train with means of free access to every carriage is founded on the national liking for privacy and the national exclueiveness. But a separation of classes is as feasible in a train with a passage along the middle as in one of single compartments. They have no first and second class m America : each passenger payB the company the same rate per mile for mere carriage. But by an arrangement with rail- way companies, Pullman's Palace Car Company run their cars on the lines, and supply their unparalleled accommodation to those who choose to pay for it. Thus in America as in England money purchases privilege, and an adjustment of carriages to secure privacy ought to be possible in Australian trains made up of American cars, * We have had no experience of what wo imagine to be the terrors of a through jour j» ney from Brisbane to Sydney, or from Sydney to Melbourne. But we are satisfied from what we know of shorter trips that railwny travelling over Australian distances can never cease to be an ordeal to be dreaded till pro- vision is made for the ease and comfort and diversion of travellers similar to that to be fonnd on American railways. The Australian visitors were deeply . in-1 terested also in the American system of Conveying perishable goods. Ice is an essential. Meat, fruit-, milk, and other perishable commodities aro carried safely over a thousand miles or more, and through great variations of outside temperature. Ice j is placed in tho freight car at the loading ' station, and ice depot* are rencbed at in- It tervals along the road, eo that should the i ' temperature in the car rise, its increase may be checked by a fresh supply of ice. Ia thin way a low temperaturn ia maintained in the I car from beginning to end of the journey, and I the commodities do not mifter in tha slightest degree. Mr. Speight's chief object in visiting the United State» was to leorn something about their accommadation for the carriage of periehabl« goods. And he pur- poses to recommend to his colleagues the establishment of an ice factory, and will obtain specimens of the most approved American refrigerating cara. In America of course natural ice can be procured in large quantities, but artificial ico is also used. We hs7e no supply of natural ice in Australia, and must depend wholly on a manufactured article. Science is fortunately equal to the task of giving us that article, and our Commis« 3ioners will we hope soon bo in a position to take lee&ons; from our neighbours in the carriage of perishable goode. A-satisfactory solution of the problem will materially affect the conditions of industry and production in the whole of Australia. If protective tariffs do not interpose an obstacle, it may hereafter become feasible to interchange profitably between north and south, aud between east weet, commodities which are the product of local favouring conditions, and make the varied wealth of fecund Australia the pos- session of every Ausiraliau according to his means of purchasing. The Sacrifice of Alfonso Coddie. [BY SAWNEY STAFFORD.] Alfonso Coddie was a good-looking, good- tempered, well-dressed, well-mannered fellow of eight and twenty. His father was a lawyer in a midland colliery town of fifty thousand souls, and Alfonso was his father's articled clerk. The plain old practitioner was ambi- tious for his handsome son, and had looked to see him in silk at least, but Alfonso's stately old mother, who was remotely con- nected by blood with the Fitzdoodles, of crusading renown, had made up her mind that her only darling, forgetting silk should press toward the mark of purple and fine linen and fare sumptuously every day--in plain prose, that he should be a gentleman. No Fitzdoodle, she was fond of declaring, had ever demeaned himself by entering a pro- fession, still less a trade, and her Alfonso was a Fitzdoodle to his very finger tips. Of course, every gentleman should know enough about law to safeguard his estate or his consols, and Alfonso's articles had been per- mitted on that account and on that account alone. Mrs. Coddie's views carried the day, it is hardly necessary to state, and Alfonso, who was an honest, graceful, ne'er-do-weel, seconded his mamma's intentions admirably. Billiards, cricket, and hunting, he cultivated with much success and more expense, and the prudent papa's purse was surely strained to meet the hopeful son's perennial demands. As old Coddie's income had never exceeded a thousand a year, and as the Fitzdoodle pride was only exceeded by its poverty, Mrs. Coddie was continually impressing on her son the necessity for marrying an heiress: "Remember, Alfonso, that your father's income is painfully limited, and that you can- not possibly take your hereditary position in society on less than £5000 a year--yes, £5000 a year." "Very well, mother darling," Alfonso would reply, drearily, "as you wish me to marry money I must endeavour to do so; but, believe me, I desire no better state of life than my present one, and there is such a thing, you know, as going further and faring worse." Alfonso was a great favourite with his set, as kindly, careless, sociable fellows usually are; but he was a greater favourite still with the women, for he sang with taste and feeling, was a good listener, and could give them small talk by the yard. Many a match-making matron and many a sentimental maiden had endeavoured to allure him into the gilded cage of matrimony, but in vain, for the high- est bid for his heart, as yet, had fallen short of the necessary five thousand by more than four-fifths, and Mamma Coddie took care that every bid beneath the reserve price should be promptly and effectually suppressed. So it came to pass that great was the ire of disap- pointed suitors. "A beggarly lawyer's clerk," said Mrs. Dollop, the big grocer's wife in Cheetham- street, whose angular Angelina was to be padded with two thousand £5 notes. "A stuck-up half-breed." hissed Mrs. Homely, whose daughter Vera was considered awfully "blue" and stylish, but whose dower was limited to an under-stool in the concern. "An overdressed loafer," sneered old Bardolph Muggins, the fussy landlord of the "Empire," who had hoped, through the medium of his pretty daughter, to make the firm "Muggins and Coddie," neutralize the baneful effects of his vermilion proboscis, and popularize the house beyond rivalry. All these highly complimentary epithets were duly related to Mrs. Coddie by her candid friends, greatly to the old lady's wrath, for Alfonso was as the apple of her eye. "Slanderous wretches," she emphati- cally declared; "but my son shall take his proper position in the world despite them all, for under royalty his blood can't be bettered in the kingdom." It was not long before Mrs. Coddie's de- termination bore fruit. The right bidder came at last in the person of Miss Diddler, orphan and heiress of Jeshurun Diddler, a local colliery proprietor of former days. Jeshurun, ten years or so before the time of which we write, finding his health on the wane, had gone to reside in the south of France, and with him his only child Keziah, then a girl of ten. The daughter favoured the father as much as it is possible for a woman to favour a man, being shrewd, coarse, and overbearing; and when, on the approach of her twentieth birthday, Jeshurun gave up the ghost, it was found, much to the mortifi- cation of his more distant relatives, who had crossed the channel to smooth his dying pillow as they professed, but who really made the voyage to hear the will read,--that not only his Ten Yard Colliery, but his every penny, share and tenement also, had been un- conditionally willed to his image and super- scription. So Keziah found herself heiress to the tune of eight thousand a year; and her father's relations, though privily they gnashed their teeth and tore their hair and rent their garments, wept on their niece's bosom more publicly, in the vain hope of re- laxing her purse strings; for Keziah meant to focus her force, not scatter it, and to focus it on her own dear self. Homeward then she hied, post haste, with a thin veneer of French artificiality, under which her rough-framed nature was plainly visible; and renting the largest house in the town where Jeshurun had originally rented the smallest, astonished the natives by her vulgar, yet calculated, profusion. Her father's relations, of course, had the back entrance to her house, and regaled themselves bountifully and unceasingly in the kitchen thereof, plotting, as they glutted and guzzled, how to read their title clear to mansions in the \--not skies, but Diddler Row, and also to other good things, in the disposition of which the will had so cruelly ignored them. "It's my impinion," said Aunt Fiddler, her mouth full of sucking pig, "that them as belongs to 'er by the ties of nature ought to take good care as the money keeps in the famalah. Now, my Lijah, though I say it as 'adn't ought, which in my impinion, he's just the one for 'er." "Beggin' your parding, Mary Ann," re- plied Aunt Riddler, preparing to swallow a whole sausage, "but our Zephania's a good deal nigher the mark. Which it's fur from me to say annything as'Il wound your feelins, but I've got a mother's 'art for all that," "Your Zephania?" rejoined Mary Ann, contemptuously, "why, our Lijah could belt 'im black and blew in five rounds." "Jest let him try it on, that's all; two can play at that game, and females as well as men," retorted Phœbe Jane fiercely, as the magnitude of the stake at issue passed before her excited vision. "What's the good o' quarrelin' about it?" chimed in the man Riddler, a fat, peacable mortal, who had just wiped his mouth after draining a pint of stingo; "what's the good o' quarrelin'? Let 'Ziah 'ave the wawn 'er likes best, whether it's Lije or Zeph." "Jest you shut your mouth and mind your own business, Riddler, and don't poke your nose into other folkses. It's nothin' to do with you; you'm no blood relation," said his sister-in-law, Fiddler, stormily. "That's right enough, that's right enough; as lung as you'm satisfied, both of you, I'm satisfied," answered the pacific Riddler, and forthwith addressed himnelf to his next pint. But Keziah soon dashed the castle-building of cousins 'Lijah and Zeph in very cavalier fashion; for when her paternal aunts and their scheming mothers ventured deferentially to broach the subject, they were brusquely told, "No more bosh and nonsense if you please. My father made me a lady, and I mean to marry a gentleman; and don't you forget it." Alas, alas! "Hope's fairy promise Charms to betray," and 'Lijah had oiled his red hair, and Zeph bought a white felt hat, in vain. No sooner had Keziah settled herself in the "Big House," as it was popularly called, than it occurred to her that one thing she lacked, and that the main thing--a husband, to wit. Maid, butler, gardener, groom, coachman--she had already engaged these; but until a husband had been secured, her servant-in- chief would be lacking. His duties would consist in introducing her to society, begetting her children, auditing her household and business accounts, and controlling her establishment; and, as pay- ment for these services, he was to be tole- rated for the term of his natural life. "Love, honor, and obey," were not articles of Keziah's marriage creed. She was in love with herself, and her husband would be merely a necessary convenience and protection. She had shoals of suitors, of course. Within a month of her return to Coalborough, a dishonourable honourable, a bankrupt knight, a cashiered colonel, a rusticated rector, a revolutionary count, a mortgaged absentee squatter, not to mention needy squires and flourishing manu- facturers, who aspired to go from strength to strength--within a month all these were at her feet; but with scant ceremony each was sent about his business, for a blot of some kind stained every proffered scutcheon, and scutcheonless suitors were not in the swim. Moreover, what apology for a heart she pos- sessed had been touched in her first girlhood, and before she went to France, by young Coddie, then a spirited comely stripling, whose father's law guarded her father's coal. So when she returned from the continent, and Alfonso tardily paid her his respects, she broadly hinted that if he cared to accompany her to the altar, the way was quite clear. Alfonso talked the matter over with his mother, who urged him to push forward the marriage without delay. "I know, darling, that the young woman is plebeian beyond the ordinary, and that re- ciprocity between a Fitzdoodle (for you are not a Coddie in anything but name)--a Fitz- doodle and a Diddler cannot be expected; but £8000 a year is a great prize, and none but a sentimental simpleton would spurn it. Further, without it, you cannot occupy your rightful social sphere." So Alfonso, with his usual indolent good nature, acquiesced, and his engagement was duly published and gossipped about. He received many congratulations, and a few snubs--these latter from the Big House retainers aforementioned. "Young man," said Aunt Fiddler, severely, on one occasion, as she waylaid Alfonso in the entrance-hall. "Young man, there's them as 'as more right to that young party's pro- perty than what some other parties 'as. Not as I want to make any remarks, as I 'adn't ought." After which deliverance she beat a precipitate retreat to the kitchen, for she heard the sound of her niece's feet upon the stairs. "Young feller," said fat Riddler, at the prompting of his martial spouse, when one day he got a chance at Alfonso in the weigh- ing-machine room of the colliery, where he (Riddler) was "doggy." "Young feller, you've bin and cut them out of it as was rocked in the very same cradle, as the sayin' is, and them as 'as the same blood flo'win' in their very veins, what won't get a farthin' as ought to 'ave everythin'. Beggin' your parding, no offence I 'ope." After which, broadside and very red in the face, he walked out of the place wiping his forehead and whistling. But congratulation and snub affected Alfonso not otherwise than dolefully. The fact is he anticipated no happiness from the forthcoming nuptials, for his heart was not in the keeping of Keziah Diddler, but in that of Maria Muggins, who had made his billiards at the "Empire" beautiful for a twelvemonth and more. Her name, however, when once he guardedly mentioned it to his mother, was so scornfully floated, that he never dared breathe it a second time. "Maria Muggins, forsooth! What! That vain little hussey, who all her life has heard nothing but coarse compliments, and overheard nothing but loose conversation. And again, old Muggins lives up to his last penny. My dear Alfonso, as you value your mother's happiness and love, never mention that creature's name in my presence again." So, like a dutiful son, Alfonso tried to forget his secret love and prepared to sacrifice himself at the shrine of Mammon. Three months after the engagement took place, the marriage was celebrated, to the accompaniment of chariots and horses, trium- phal arches, and ringing of bells, through the midst of all which the victim moved grave and set, like a leisurely cloud saddening a smiling sky. During the honeymoon, the mistress was reported to have been almost affectionate towards her head servant, and perhaps that functionary might have suc- ceeded in winning her calculating vulgar heart had he laid himself out to woo it; but he never warmed to anything beyond a kindly courtesy, and she, with woman's quick wit, soon took the cue and acted accordingly. Her heart told her that his "Keziah dar- ling" was nothing but a phrase; so she plugged her very slight spray of gush, and from thenceforth "mistered " him, in private equally with public, to his end of days. When they returned from their wedding trip and settled down to humdrum every-day-life at Coalborough, public opinion declared Alfonso to be an excellent husband in every way. He managed Keziah's affairs as respect- fully and conscientiously as though she had never married him. At the head of her table and with her in her carriage, her vulgarity became tolerable in the borrowed light of his distinction; and, though she clung tenaciously to all her possessions, and publicly and pri- vately made him shamefacedly conscious of the fact that everything was her's and nothing his, yet at the bottom of her cold grasping nature she felt as much gratitude towards him for his noble, unobtrusive service as it was in her to feel. Next to her father, her husband stood in her liking; for loving, with a creature of her strain, was beside the question. And thus the years rolled on. Keziah, happy in her prosperity and complacent in her nobby kindly husband; and Alfonso growingly grave and absent. Children sweet- ened the union--a boy, handsome like his father; a girl, unusually plain, like her mother, and still liker old Jeshurun. Al- fonso's quiet love for them was greater than even Keziah's loud pride in them. "I never knew a man so worship his children as Mr. Coddie," she used frequently to remark. And yet "Mr. Coddie" was not happy. Indeed, he was another added to the long list of victims to ill-assorted marriages. He had nothing in common with his wife, but bare existence. His blood, breeding, tastes, and associations were at one pole--hers at the other. She could endure and even appreciate his fineness, sheathed as it was in chivalry; but her coarseness, with next to no buffer of breeding to break the collision, shook and shattered him constantly. He had at his marriage left behind him the sweet congenial companionships and pursuits of an earlier day; his refined love for a refined girl (not- withstanding her sire, her name, and her station) he had been made to trample under foot; and all to marry eight thousand a year, tied tightly down on two yards of bony vul- garity, who had been likened by a facetious pikeman at the Ten Yard Colliery to "a bag o' razzers." What he was, and what he had been, and what he might have been, preyed on his mind and darkened his days. Kind and courteous to the last he certainly was, but had grown to be mechanically so; and when in his fortieth year a fever laid him low, and a sexton laid him lower, his former friends felt thankful that the mistake of his life had been expiated so soon, and that their genial, generous comrade had been allowed no later than the prime of a blasted career to enter upon that higher life, where they neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are even as the angels of God. Widow Coddie erected a splendid mausoleum to her husband's memory and her own glory, and professed a love for him in his death which she had never possessed in his life. Every Sunday afternoon, too, with Alfonso and Keziah, juniors, and an immense cambric handkerchief she had herself driven to his grave. But his true lover was undowried Maria Muggins, who died an old maid because of him; and his best friends were the men, with whom he had handled the bat, the cue, and the reins in bachelor years, one of whom suggested this epitaph, as being an im- provement on the gaudy eulogium dictated by Keziah to the monumental mason: In Affectionate Remembrance of ALFONSO CODDIE, Gentleman, Whom his comrades loved in his single, and lamented in his married, state. "Be not unequally yoked." 