Topics. Before very long, unless we are very much mistaken, the electors of South Australia will have to determine once more the direct taxation which they will submit to. We cannot «ee that it wi41 possible for any Govern ment to avoid proposing some ad ditional taxation during the coming session of Parliament; and on such a question an appeal to the electors is a right and proper thing before any change is made. At the last general elections a considerable majority were returned to the Parliament pledged to maintain the Land Tax and incidentally the Income Tax also with certain necessary alterations. These alterations have been made and the wishes of the electors carried out, but owing to the heavy decrease in the- new Assessment the revenue from the Land Tax has very greatly decreased. The Property Tax party are active, and will almost certainly seek to have their pet scheme substi tuted for the existing one, and in the event of their securing a- majority a dissolution is the only proper course. It is, then, the duty of every elector to obtain all the light he can on the subject, so that a sadden appeal to the country mav not find the country unprepared to give a definite answer. We do not consider just now the maintenance of the Income Tax which is really a form of Property Tax, and might as well perhaps be merged into one as kept as it is, es pecially as it does not return a fair result We wish just to set the Land Tax and the much vaunted ' all round Property Tax' side by side for com parison. The Property Tax can be evaded, and is therefore a premium on dishonesty, while the T and Tax can not be evaded. The Property Tax is an impjston what is removable, and therefore must tend to drive or keep it out of the colony and thus to lessen our capital while our endeavours should be to increase it, but the Land Tax cannot drive a single inch of land out of the colony, but must on the other hand tend to discourage its feWg teU idle. and. tter^Qr^ to pro mote us greatest productiveness and j occupation. A Land Tax may J decrease the exchange value of land, I bat. cannot decrease its real value or I productive capacity. A Property { Tax levies equal imposts on profit-] able and unprofitable wealth and nurdens the results of thrift and industry, while the Land Tax falls on that which is not the product of j any industry, but upon the value which is given to land by the whole com munity -and not by its owner alone. A.. Property Tax falls on a man, it is :rue, in proportion to what he has, but the Land Tax rests on him on ihe fairer basis of proportion to what J ?ie is receiving or has received, for it I must in fairness be on the value in I excess of the price originally paid for I it to the Crown. A Property Tax is J an impost on all men and all parts of j ihe colony, equally an untaxed mini- J mum being the same all round ; but j iie Land Tax properly adjusted as just stated falls only where benefits iave accrued or are accruing. , The Jity and country towns will have to bear the chief burden of the amended Land Tax, and justly so, seeing that ill Government expenditure centres trade and business there. A tax en I land values is not a tax on farmers, and they who say it is lie for their own ends, or are grossly ignorant Let any cultivator of farm lands deduct from ihe present naked value ot his tarm the sum originally paid to the Crown J for it, and then ask himself how much J iie would have to pay under a Land tax of a penny in the pound on the balance. Then let him take a town acre originally bought for perhaps dve pounds, and now worth five | hundred thousand pounds, and see. how much the owners of that would iiave to pay at the same rate. He will soon see where the shoe pinches, and vv'iiy the city members don't like a lair Land Tax. The Property Tax I will be paid by the whole of the community because every article oought by the consumer will have the amount of ihe tax, plus profits added to it, while the Land Tax cannot be shifted off the shoulders of the owner I of the fee who must bear his own burdens. It is a most incompre iensible thing that any branches of the Farmers' Association ha«e pre ferred a Property to a Land Tax, and it indicates that instead of thinking the matter out down to its bottom principles they have been carried away by the plausibility of a mere name. New Zealand is heartily sick of her experiment with the Property Tax. B311KA Hospital. — Thenumberol patients j n this institution last . week was 41. There 1 i2.ve since been admitted 7 And discharged 7 ; I lied 1, leaving 40 patients now m the Hosoital. j Tree Planting. ITund.— The following ;j ire the promises so tar to the Tree Planting j Fund :— Mr. Packard-, 10s. 6d-; Dr. Sangster, j £1 ; Mr. W. Davey, ios. 6d.; Cr. Pinch, 10-. 61.; Cr. Rahbich, ios. 61; Cr. O'Leary, 10*. 6a.; and Mr. Butterwoth, los. 6d. Total, .£4 3s. We shall be glad to hear from I others at once. Sunday Larrikinism. — We have had to call attention several limes to the larrikinism carried on during Sunday in Market square. Still there appears to be no abatement. On Sunday last great hobbledehoys were to be seen at play with the pump, hanging on branches of the trees, and other mischief. We may, after this, mention the names of the ones en gaged in this so-called fun, such clownish idioticy must be put a stop to. The Rev. W. H. Hodge.— At the Redruth Wesleyan Church, on Sunday evening last, the Rev. W. H. Hodge, who is leaving Burra for Port Lincoln, preached a farewell sermon from Phillip, iv, S. The Church was quite full, people being present from Kooringa, Baldina, Daviesion, and Leighton. This evenine Mr. 'Hodge will be entertained at a social tea in the Redruth school-room when we j understand a presentation will be_tnade him- I The Watfrworks. — The Town Council held a special meeting last evening to deal j with the waterworks. The lease was approved j and signed. It was decided to call for J applications for an engineer, and another special meeting was decided to be held on Friday evening to deal with them. The Council take over the rating powers of the Government, and will, for the current half year, use the same asssessment and scale of rating as has been gazetted by the Cotr missioner. Fatal Fjre in Adelaide. — On Friday m.-rning last, at about 3 o'clock, the City Coffee Palace in Hindley Street, Adelaide was discovered to be on fire, and the inmates were at or-ce anused. Amongst them was Mr. E'. \V. Taij.in, ihe much respected superintendent of the Point McLeay Aboriginal Mission Sta. lion, wh ) fearing that a lady was still in the burning Suilding vreat ba;k to rescue her, and was suffocated by the smoke All She other persons escaped with their lives. . Mr. Taplin was only 35 years of age, Wateb. Conservation at World's End. — Mr. Holder having obtained a promise from the Commissioner of Public Works that he will shortly inspect the Burra Creek at World's End with a view1 to considering the practicabi lity of carrying out a water conservation tclieme there, a party of seven Burra gentle men will this morning visit the locality to see where the most likely spots are, so that the Commissioner when he comes may be taken straight to them and the best possible impres sion made. A start was mide at si-c a.m. Cbicket Match. — The return match be tween the Muffs and Bjrra Club will be played to- morrow afternoon (Wednesday) on the Re creation Ground. Play 10 start at 2 o\;lock sharp. The folio *ing players will represent the Burra Ciub :— J. Biott, 'VV. E. Frith. W, Lt«kson,T. Nicholfs. J. Herbert, J. D. Stuart, &. Parks, VV. Treloar, A. H. Jennings, A. Both and G. Batterworth. Emergencies — J. Wade and F. 3ru?e. Mjsjis. W. and H. Pearce's j n.inif - vsmc acaideaial'y lift out of {he Muffs 1 team ©n -Friday 1*5$,. New Alma and Victoria G.M.. Co., March 2a — 'During past week main shaft sunk s fett ; total from No. 7 level, 67 feet: and from surface, S91 feet. The reef is again making larger, being 5 feet thick on west eflfl- nearly all pyrites. No. 7 west level has been let on contract to extend a further distance of 50 feet. Contractors making fair progress' have started to sink a winze below ibis leveL about 90 feet west of shaft, and have sunk 7 feet, reef 4 feel thick, showing very fair gold. Have connected No. 6 east stope with No. 5 level ; we have still a fairly large block, to take out before it will be completed ; all the other slopes continue about the same. Cleaned mp on the 19th inst., and obtained 116 oz. retorted gold, nailery sun luiiy employed ana usual number of pans.' I Horse- Taming. — A most amusing and in- I structive eutertainment was given in the Burra I Hotel yards on Saturday evening last, by Pro- J fessor Melville, the horse-tamer. The Pro fessor, who appears to be an expert among horses, gave a series a praclicai lessons as how to subdue, and ride a wild colt, teach him to lead, teach him to stand quiet to lie mounted, how to cure him of bridle- breaking, jibbing, and cow-kicking, besides practical explana tions as to tackiing and how to use it for die purposes of driving a kicking horse in harness, and to improve the pace of a trotting horse. The colt yarded for the purpose had not been handled before, but the Professor was not ong before he could do almost as he wished with the animal. He was assisted by our local colt breaker, Mr. John Hocking, who, I no doubt gained a lillle knowledge by the per. j fcrmance. Mr. A. Wheat ley's Brass Band j rendered some fine selections of music at I intervals. There was a large attendance of I speclatois present. Mis-ionary Meeting — The meeting at the Kooringa Wesleyan Church last Friday evening was very largely attended, and the interest was we'll sustained throughout. The Rev. Gee. Brown gave a lengthy aduress deal ing with the late persecutions of Wesleyans in Tonga, describing the wonderful fidelity I which numbers of thr Tongans had shown under greal persecution and horrible cruelty. He said that while the more open persecution had ceased, petty annoyance was kept up, anJ I the law strained in every possible way to 1 punish those who would not attend thr newly formed State church. The Rev. David Tonea and Mrs. Tonga were enthusiastically received, and ihe simple touching story ofl the experience of the latter as related by herselt was very pathetic. The wonderful 1 success of the mission work in the Friendly Islands before the sad dissensions began was noted, and the universal sympathy of the meeting given lo those who had suffered so soiely for iheir loyalty to conscience though only so short a lime redeemed from heathenism. The sum of £45 was promised towards the Relief Fund, Mr. C. Drew telegraphing £25 of it from Albany. The late Mrs. Diplock.— At the West- bury Wesleyan Church on Sunday afternoon last, the Rev. W. H. Hodge preached the Funeral sermon of the late Mrs. Diplock. There was a large congregation present. At the close of the sermon which was based on St. John xiv., 2. The following sketch of her life was read : — "Grace Diplock whose maiden name was Kisell, was born at Frogpool in the County of Cornwall on the 15th of August, 1827\. At her birth her parents were members of the established Church of England, but eventually they joined the Wesleyan Metho- dists and continued members throughout life. Very early in life Mrs. Diplock was sent to the Sabbath school, and this she always esteemed a great privilege, and in after life frequently re- ferred to the good she received in this import- ant department of God's work. Though always of a serious disposition, it was not before she arrived at the age of sixteen that she could say that that great change conversion had taken place. The change in her life was a very marked one ; she became not only a follower of Christ, but a worker in His vine- yard in the dual capacity of Sunday school teacher and tract distributor. She was pas- sionately fond of the means of grace, and would rise al five in the morning of the Sab- bath to attend the band meeting ; after its dismissal she would wend her way to the class meeting, and then to the Sunday School and public services. Truly could she say 'the zeal of Thine house hath eaten me up.' On the last day of May in the year 1851, she left her native land for Australia under the guardian- ship of her sister. They landed in Adelaide on the 6th of September and immediately after came to the Burra, where she at once joined the Wesleyan society at Kooringa, and became a member of the class conducted by the sainted Jacob Odgers. On January 31, 1852, she was married to the one who now mourns her loss. After her marriage she ac- companied her husband to the Victorian gold fields. On her return to S.A. through the conversion of her husband, she became con- nected with the Primitive Methodists and met with ihem for three years. In the year 1862 with her husband and family she removed to Copperhouse, and there again identified her- self with the church of her childhood. As showing the love she had for the associations of the past, it is only to be mentioned that she regularly corresponded with her old class leader in England, and with some of her class mates. Her Christian life throughout was characterised by throughness, that through- ness to day is bearing fruit for she being dead yet speaketh. The writer of this sketch had ample opportunities of estimating her life, and if asked lo describe it would say that it was 'love, joy and peace in the Holy Ghost.' The end came almost unexpectedly. On Sunday December 30, she was taken suddenly ill, and notwithstanding the best medical skill she died on the following Thursday. Just before the final change when speech had left her, she lifted her hand and in triumph pointed to heaven, and a few moments after her freed spirit winged its way home to God. She died simply clinging to the cross. The little society at Copperhouse has sustained a severe loss by her death. Never more will it be ours to listen to her experience full of confidence in Christ as ever able to save and to keep, but it may be ours to join with her in the great society above. She has left behind a husband and three children, and the sister who was her com- panion in life. May these have vouchsafed to them the comforts of tbe Gospel. 'A. little while And those who's loving smile Hath melted 'neath the touch of lonely woe, Shall, reach her home Beyond the star built dome ; Her anthem they shall swell Her joy they too shall know.' 