A CHRISTMAS STORY. THE GHOST WORLD. (BYW.H.D.A.) Who does not regret that young Mamillius never told that story of ' spirits and goblins which his mother Hermoine was so anxious to hear ? Who is net sure that it would have curuiea ms uiuou most ueugnuuiiy, ana maae each particular hair to stand on end, and given him that charming feeling of 'creepiness' up and down the spine, which a first-rate ghost story is warranted to produce? If you re member, it was to be of so awesome a nature that the boy declared he must 'tell it softly,' so that ' the crickets should not hear it,' and no doubt, its opening promised well. ' There was a man dwelt by a church-yard' — a fine mysterious opening, suggesting possibilities of adventures with ghosts, ogres, fleshless spectres and other uncunny inhabitants of the ghost world; of desecrated aravcs and horribiecrimes But, alas, young Mamillius never advanced be yond this point. ' There was a man dwelt by a church-yard' — this we know, and nothing more- The story-teller did not get nearly, so far -as that other and older reconteur who left half 'fold 'the story of Cambuscan bold,' or Keats with his ' Hyperion,' or Coleridge with bis ' Christable ;' and the literature of ghosts wants what would probably have been its finest and most thrilling chapter. Every sensible person laments that Squire Hardcastle never told (for the world's benefit) that 'story of ould Grouse in the gun room' at which Di^gory had been laughing ' these 20 years.' We have the Squire's own assurance that the story was ' a good one J.J but he would' in finitely rather have had the story of the young Mamillius. Like the unfinished window in Aladdin's palace, however, unfinished it must remain. Rash hands have essayed, it 'is true, to solve ' the Mystery of Edwin Drood ;'' buflfie'sfory which a Shakespeare began only a Shakespeare could complete. f^There was a man dwelt by a church-yard.' WmU- in a certain const earJ». .n»'» of us 'dwells by a church-yard' — the church-yard, die. hallowed ground, in which are gathered together the green graves of the past. Alas, the number of these graves ! Ah, there's the pity of it. As Christmas follows Christmas to .that bourne from which no Christmasses fetarn, how fast they multiply, until on look ing' backward, we can see nothing but the wan white memorial-stones, which mark the last resting-places of the vanished hope, the crushed ambition, the lost friendship, the be trayed trust. Every week, every day, adds to the* tale of our dead; lengthens out the record of our chequered memories. If Ma millius had finished his story, it would never have had for us the pathos of that sad eventful narrative which each man's own par ' softly'' — for it is one which ** the crickets should not hear,' which concerns himself alone. ?? As men must work, though women may weep,' we most of us keep the gates locked, so to speak, and the rhurcb-yard is still enough throughout the year ; but now and again, as at Christmas time, the departed rise from their graves, and, through the open gates, troop in among us to remind us of what has been. These are our Christmas ghosts which the meanest have at their com mand as fully as the oldest cf old families, with their traditional time-honoured spectres and mysterious visitants, who make night hideous lor timid housemaids or uncourteously disturb the repose of stranger- guests. Our Christmas ghosts 1 These come to us once a year at least, and every year the company grows larger; but the faces of the elder comers are less clear of feature, and their forms more shadowy ; and by a merciful pro vision of providence, we look upon them with increasing composure, and a growing sense of hopefulness and faith. For my part, I think we ought to welcome their company. It is not good for us to turn our backs upon the past, and say that we will have nothing more to do with it — that hence forth our lives shall be wholly in the present or future. The truth is, we cannot so easily cut ourself off from it ; it has helped to make us what we are, and its influences, for good or evil, are with us still. Besides, if that grim church- yard turn out a grisly array of ' spirits and goblins,' it also sends us many a radiant angel -form. If on our annual .resurrection day the disappointed ambition and the baffled aspirations start up to perplex us, so too, the dear ones who have gone before come with the air of heaven about them, to soothe, to inspire, and encourage us. The mother whom we love so tenderly, the child who was taken from our reluctant embrace in the bloom of its pure young beauty, the friend whose faithfulness never gave way in the hour of sharpest trial, these are with us again, sit by our hearths occupy their well- remembered chairs, and unite our present lives to their past by links of gold. Would you deprive' yourself of this great joy, because of the sorrow which mingles with it ? because ' withered hopes on hopes are spread,1' like the layers of dead leaves of many autumns in the forest glades. — Memories that make the heart a tomb, Regrets which glide through the spirits gloom — Would you shut yourself out from the shadows of happy hours — the bright and sweet joyous recollections which the past has alone to give. There are ghosts and ghosts. It is clear from veracious chronicles that if their un pleasant mission is to terrify and injure us, others come with timely words of counsel, warning, and comfort on their spectral lips, and these, I believe predominate in ' quantity and quality.' The World's wrong is more than compensated by the world's right. The pleasures of life, if we could weigh them, would out- balance its pains ; or as Bronus flung in his sword to weight the scale against the conquered Romans, we too, can always turn the balance by throw ing in 'hope. There are numerous mounds in the Church-yard, but there are many more daises ; and die nun who dwells by it may, if he will, see s-§jfjj|ijq£^f better omen thin the \- 1 remember to nave heard, once upon a time, an eager discussion of the problem, whether the realization of a pleasure is equal to the anticipation of it ? But better than realisa tion which always has its unexpected draw backs, or than anticipation, which is necessarily overcast with uncertainity is the reminiscence. And there is this advantage — that the remin scence lasts } and yet another advantage — that it grows continually sweeter and more consol ing. Take our Christmases for example } we look forward — or at least, those of us who are not cynics and smart essayists — look forward to each coming Yule with pleasurable thoughts. It is the rallying-time of domestic affections and old friendships in the circle, so often broken in upon by adverse circumstances, is for this once to be renewed. —But it comes — the long looked-for Christmas ; and with it, various vexations and crosses, insignificant in themselves, but, at the time sufficient to infuse a dash of bitterness into our' cup of joy—that ' amari aliquid' which fate is so fond of offer ing to human lips. By-and-by, however, when our Christmas ghosts sweep before as, we see nothing of this. The cloud has gone clean away ; our wistful eyes rest only on the brightness. So it is always. The Christmas of last year seems to us brighter and better than the Christmas of this, and the Christmas of the year before brighter and betterstill. In this way our Christmas ghosts grow, as I have said, less forbidding every year ; and in time, we come to think them the best of company — as indeed they are. Yes ; even the saddest, grisliest, and most gloomy 1 For all have something to tell us — words of advice and caution — the precious lessons of experience. The ghost of a crushed ambition warns us to limit our desires to ihe measure of our means ; the ghost of a shattered hope teaches us to be on our guard against illusions of our own creation-;_$he ghost of a-Jost Jpre .counsels us to raise -ojr hearts abore the- things of mor tality; and to reach forward, with' a strong, un flinching faith, to that land beyond the Dark River, where love becomes immortal, and partings are unknown, and trust can never more be betrayed, and there are no ghosts— be- cause, thank God inhere are no .dead ! 