1WirY CLARK E RUSSELL ABAN-I DOMED THE SEA. I (nEw YORK wonr..) In one very.nsmall particular indeed I may claim to resemble the poet Wordsworth : -I am not one who much or oft delightl To sarson my friends with personal talk bht having' been asked to: contribute " some thing of aL slim, autobiographical character," it has occurred to me to convert the proposal into an opporthuity, that I maybe enabled to answer a question which has been very often put to me since the first of my ocean stories, "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," found a public in America. WVhy.did I give up the sea? "How did it happen, Mr. Clark Russell, tlat you slould have abandoned a vocation which you are never weary of writing about ? There is not a pa-o' in your novels but expresses you as an anrtent namirer of the deep in every phase of its variable mind. You create some fairyfqbricofship or yacht, and 'love it to vitaiity.' What made you giveup the sea, then -you who are assuredly abreast of mostnau tical men in appreciation of the many as in re luctance to admit the sombre characteristic of a calling that has hoisted your tight little island to the world's masthead-" This is the gist of at fair proportion of the letters I have received from a great number of correspondents in all parts of America since I u:made my first nautical serape.. The recurrence of the question has positiv.ely grown teasing. ' I grasp, therefore, with avidity the chance now offered me to extinguish for ever, I hope, an almost stereotyped interrogatory : Why did I give up the sea ? I might answer this in a single sentence : Becaimse I was sick of it. What fruit do the idealisms of the schoolboy. bear when the little creature sisaggers with a badge upoin his cap iitd a belt around his. waist mid buns buttons upon his jackct'?',I have plucked tmd eaten of.that growth, ndal protest there is nothing in the romance and poetry of the ocean to render endurable to what I' must tern the memory of my palate the sickening flavour of the pork, the odious steam of the pea-soup, the iinsuiffertble smell of arenn soup anld boulhlupon which I was regaled for over eight years of my young life. Butt to proceed artistically. It was in the last ship 1 ever served aboard of as a sailor. Her name was the Duncan Dunbar. She was a well-known Australian trade add passenger craft named after her owner, a huge, fat, self made purple-face Scotchman with a turtle-soup accent, if you know what dat meansu, and some two nillions sterling to his earnings. She was coUnnuanded by ia type of skipper now very nearly extinct, a figare formed of oval shanks and up and down anus, and carrot-shaped fingers curled like fish-hooks. In the centre of his crimson face shone a fiery pimple of a nose, on either side- of which was-t a small rheumatic, deep-sunk eye. His one headgear, in stonrm or shine, blow high, blow low, was a tall silk hat, ta tolerably good one for Sunday and a shockingly bad one -rusty as though still reflecting the angry blush of a stormy sunset-for week days and nights. I was this little old nman's third mate-no very distinctive position to fill, though it 'wis not without its minute and vexatious duties and responsibilities. He did not love me-lie once caught tme mimicking hhn ; I was imitating lis walk and bearing, and looking up at the break of the poop, I met his eye. `There wasnot much of it, indeed, to meet, but what little there was shone with resentment like the glowing end of a cigarette. A now r WITH T CAPTAsN. He durst not clmllenge my meaning, for I was acting before a number of passengers, and an explanation mnust have proved more em-, barrassait to himi than to me; but he was afterwards alvays on the look-out to punish by humiliating me. As an example, an order was given to reef topsails. I spritlg into the rigging for the weather inaintopsail earing, but before I wass up to tlhe futtock slhrouds the old Ilman awas again roarisng: " Come down, aMr. Russell, conme down, sir! You're too young, sir! You luint't got beef enough in ye for such work! Laty down, sir, before you're overboard!" There were manty lady passen gers on deck at the time, and I contmued my climb, heedless of Iis yells, hot as fire with wrath and shame fro?i my toes to the topmost curl on my iead. Well, now, tile Dunbar Dunbar, homeward bound from Sydthey, was approaching the longi tude of the Hon. We were very far northl; the old man had got some half-muddled notion of the Great Circle sailing under his clhimney-pot lint, andvwe were as high as fifty-nine or sixty degrees, running one afternoon before a gale of Sawtnd froi thle westward, a sea. as tall as nour mizzeontop folloingF us till,:if you stood aft and watched heo ipel'of:to shisp's lonig flying body when" Cthe huge -foaming knoll tooke her fair under her roaring counter, 'twas like looking down a steep hill, Tyith:the curve of the bow flat as a spoon in the livid hollow and the well steered bowsprit and jibliooms a horizontal line. Our canvas was'a narrow band of close-reefed tmliitopsail and a foretopmast stavsail. Though about 2 o'clock in the afternoon watch, the month being May, it was moreasort of visible flying dust than daylight all about us, ' often hoary with such stnorw squalls as you must enter those parallels to meet with the like of; so that again and again, to an observer standing tift, the ship seemed cut in two, all forward of the maitnmast hidden in the boiling smother of liakes mid the two fellows grindin g at the wheel dim as dreams, as you looked at them from the break of the poop. It was at this break of tihe poop that I was standing with the chief mate; the skipper was aft holding on by the vang that steadied the mnizzen gaff; the halds were under cover. There were two men forward on the lookoutfbrice, but they only showed at intervals when the snow tlhinned and let the topgallant forecastle gleam out crystal white. The roaring of the wind was like thunderalout our masthleads, but the speed of the ship, that wars probably twelve kntots an hour, took a portion of thile awelt out of it, iand it was possible to converse. 'Tle mate was a Scotelnuan, the most agreeable person I was everassociated with at sea ; a sailor of' intelli gence and of great experietice, wh-o was good enoughl to haul his s-ild for toe in lpropiortion as my bow-legged friend aft made sail t'other way. AN ICEBERG DEAD VEAD. This gentlemIutand I were clmttutg very amni ably together as we overlung the brass rail, when suddenly lie stiffened himself up like ait marlin-spike and fell i sniffing violently' asits though to the sudden rising of some evil odour. "'I smell ice!" said he. I stiffed tagain, but could taste nothing but snow. "iThere's ice in the neigubourhlood!" cried ihe, still sniffing, and was about to hail the forecastle, when there arose a loud and fearful cry from that quarter of the ship, "Ice right ahead, sir!" "-Ice right ahead!" shrieked the mate, wheeling round to the captaidn. "I see it, sir, I see it!" Iowled thie skipper, "taird up, haird up !" The spokes flashed i thie lhands of the twro seaumen like thie driving wheel of a locomotive, and ithe whole ship, rluhg to the height of a Ihuoge Pacific surge, plid off with the niimbleness of souething senctieut hter'ror of its, life; whilst at the ihstant right over the hstr board atltead there leapt out of the whirling, whitened gloom an Alpite height of ice, a prodtligiius berg aitl its sumnmits olscured, ieaisrig it to' seem thousands of feet Igls to thie imuagination. The'sea broke iu hills of foam against its wreather side; the re verberation of the gale is chasm, ravhie, and orge came to time ear withl the uproar of a undtred broadsides tlrough tle pouring awinds tldt produced tile aminteng sosdis; it ohowed: shoick of thd b'foris of bumps of floatigr ice "rC gi ilte dt sir "'.was again yelled from the forecastle; and righlt over our jib-boom -loimhldbut such another islanud as we hIad narrowi-ly missed. Fortunately the iowa just then ceased, the horizontcleared to the distanice of a tile, and arreaser ]resenftly hove to, tuakillg noble wceatlter of it; but shmtI awett belot - at eight bellsI found myself unnsuallo y reflective, all sorts of prejudices tid tlouglts which lId been hangig loose about me Ihrlening into a resolution wlichl held me so moody that lforgot to'rswear whei at supper, a gluttonous midbshilp man told me that all tde pork was caten, uid awloin I discovered, ih constequence of the galley fire being washed out, there was- nothing bdtter to make a meal of thin soft honeycombed shipis bread and a pamindkLi of cold water. MEDITATISG ON InII SArLOR I?rn. I meditated a good deal thait tidght hi my buntk tand oit 'ldeck. It Was a part of the world to rtender fancy acute; horrible enough hIelow in a hole clamorqus to distraction with tle giint groaning of the lboutritig - hil. iltinitely mctltncloly a-ith titeduoky flitting tleit horesel upon the attuosplhere from tie smnokitng and tutcoas-smnelling fluame of a ihunp~fick fed by efish, and inexplressi~bly uncomfortable with the drainings of water through the acuttles ihto the bunkls :dul the wa-sh of black brine to and fro, t toi and fro, upon the cabin floor; but hideously miserable on deck whicli you went to fresh from such wanrmth as you sould get out of your blalikets, ayudl as-here you found the blacekness fidl~f~hunderwldsfrost atid sleet cad sntdwr. fvifttl.?t~rS Wist n gid tugwty every inosv mug ii;aht echoing, lilke a voleanac clul6sion, to the lion, plumphilg humpishhy out 9f out imicfectual lrpp to !coward osp to the d4vc with tho ..-eigit of a great building coming down all at oncoand with a run. Why am I here? thought?- Whatis ithis sort of life going to do for me ?- Had we struck the iceberg this afternoon we shouldhavoe been telescoped. into about an eighth part of.our length, as you close thile tubes of a spy-glass, and gone down like a deep-sea lead with ne'cr a fragmentof annything to survive us as a hint of our elds so that what had. become' of us would, at home, have remained to eternity a matter of idle conjecture. Why am I here ? thought I. " How much am I earning ? HeAven bless me! two pounds a month- only!" How much has this training cost my father t Above two hundred guineas in premiums, not to speak of outfits, mess money, and the like, which I durst not attempt to assess.' For what flag do I toil? Thus .I mUeditted to the accompaniment of that Cape Horn gale. Well, the weather moderated next day at dawn; thi ship was got before it, the reefed foresail sot, a couple of' reefs slhaken out of. the main topsail and "awa& drove- thie noble' old fabric, surging through the swollei. knolls: of yeast with the headlong hurry of a creature mad in her yearrnings for the sun. The- decks were to be washed down. The poop was my. particular care; for as third mate It was my. business to receive the water handed in buckets from a little pump before or abaft- the mizzen mast-I forget which-and rush it alon", calling upon the middies to scrub handsonlel whilst I saw- that every portion of the deck was thoroughly cleansed. We carried heln coops on either side the poop; under the hen-coops were battens designed to prevent the dirt of the coops from sifting out on to the clean -planks- when the ship was on a wind or. when she rolled. In washing dcown, these sbatteis were always removed- to eslTble the water to sweep freely-under t?h coops. -The captain was on deck; as usual, pacing to wind ward in a pair of : iloches and his. high hat, which- seemed to cling to his -head with thie tenacity of a sou'-wester. The" poop being washed down, I fell half frozen, and in a very ugly temper, to replacing the battens, but one was missing. I looked about for it, but it was nowhere, to be seen. My captain was ,as. penurious a rogue as ever saved money out of nauticl cheese-paring; theloss, therefore, of an old piece of wood would necessarily affect him as avery considerable blow. EFUSINGO TO DO DUTY. " Where's the batten, Mir. -ussell ?" he roared. ... ,. " I don't know, sir." - "Don't know ! But you muucst know !" he shouted with his face like a north-west moon in the German Ocean. "Where is it, sir i" " I am afraid it is overboard," said I. " By G-!" lhe bellowed, " if it is overboard, you go after it l" I ran my eyes from his galochies to his fiery purple of a nose. " Find it, sir ! find it !" le screamed, bring ing his feet with a squelching blow of the galoche down on the deck. I walked forward, and after partaling of a cup of coffee with the boatswain in his berth, I returned to the poop refreshed, warn and re solved. I walked right up to the skipper. " Now, Mr. N- ," acid I, not condescend ing to term him captain, to which title no ship master has right, "I've had enough of sea faring, and as I propose to abandon the life when I reach the Thai es, I think I may as well coil up and stop short just here." i" Go below, sir !" he roared. . " You've treated me very rudely," I con tinued, astonislled by my own determina tion, "aUln have shown yourself utterly incapable of distinguishinlg'betweetn persons. Your master his had a very great deal of money out of myfather, as you know,r aind if there were more to be obtained I don't question that you would have :used mUe very much more civilly. Sir, I'm sick of the sea, sick of this ship, and sick of poe;" and to saying I walked off the poop, leaving the old chap speechless with rage. I often wonder I did not cause his death. Hehlad heart disease, and dropped dead at his doorsoon after the arrival of the ship in the Thames. Half an hour after tlle steward came to the lnidslhlipman's berth and told me the captaint wanted ine. I went aft to his cabin, where I found hin sittinlg at the table. I see hiq white hair now, contrasting with his purple face, and remember his old mackinitosh swincging agalnst the bulkhead with his hat oh top of it, looking exactly like him, as though indeed he had Imnged himself. -The oflicial log-book was be fdre him.- . . : Youc refuse ditty?'!>.' - \\-t:, - \--On ex tiat ho. ilggo'es(" o, alnd- then ;I went about my business. I was suppdosed to be on bread mcd water for the rest of the time, but I miunulmg pretty well on the cabin leavings, througl t'pping thestew ard. All the way hlome I never did a harder stroke of work than cuttingiup sticks of Caven dish tobacco and smoking them. In fact, as I have said, I was sick of the life; but since then, thanks probably to acourse of spring mattresses, good roast beef, dry clothes, rest o'.nights, and total freedom from the obligation of scrubbing planks and tarring riggnsg, I have discovered that the oceat is not wholly without romaince. Let the ghost of my old skipper, however, consider itself avenged, for I believe I owe the rheumatism that has afilicted ame now most conscientiously for the .last four years wholly to a trick of sitting too late on the ookiig-hatdti of a night, smoking and yarning with anyone I could detains tlhrough sheer loathing of the cabin below, in which I was supposed to be imprisoned. - CLans RUiSSELL. 