ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; There have been two notable performances during the week, namely, the first Shakes- pearian representation at the Alexandra, and the first production, in this colony, of the drama of " Captain Swift," by Mr. Haddon Chambers. " Hamlet," at the Alexandra, is notable, because it is a departure from the policy hitherto pursued by Mr. Dampler, of producing only melodrama. Everybody knows that he is an excellent Shakespearian actor, for it was in Shakespearian characters we first knew him when he came hither; but as the exigencies of management have, for some years, suggested to him the commercial expediency of confining his attention to the emotional rather than the poetic drama, he has done so. Probably, like every true actor who sincerely loves his art, his inclinations tend in the direction of the Elizabethan rather than the Victorian play, and so he has determined upon varying his managerial scheme by producing Shakespearian plays, and, accordingly, on Saturday night he com- menced with "Hamlet." Whether he will persuade the somewhat exceptional audience of the Alexandra to take kindly to Shakes- peare is a matter of question. On Saturday night, certainly a portion of the audience were restless under the novel experi- ence. Some of them interpolated re- marks indicative of a limited acquaintance with Shakespeare, and at one stage of the proceedings there appeared to be a conflict of opinion in the gallery. It is only just to a portion of the gallery to say that the objurgatory obstructives were "removed," by what appeared to those below to be a unanimous vote of the majority. And the removal, judging again according to the sense of hearing, was effected by the precipitation of the obstructives downstairs. After the pre- cipitation there was a period of calm, but the calmness ceased towards the end of the fifth act, when it seemed as if the fencing scene and the numerous deaths which take place therein were the reverse of acceptable. There was thus an exodus, or, as it is sometimes put, a hegira. Mr. Dampier played the character of Hamlet with all his cus- tomary intelligence, force, and intel- lectual discernment. He wisely refrained from some of the " readings" in which once it was his wont to indulge, and in those exceptionable interpretations which he re- tained he always showed a principle, and a large measure of sound judgment. His object was, clearly, not to assert his own individu- ality, but to illustrate the character, to make its meaning manifest to the audience. It was an honest effort, an effort worthy of a Shakes- pearian student. There was in it nothing of a hyperdemonstrative kind ; it was not a part " to tear a cat in." It was an exposition to set you thinking, to make you read and ponder, and wonder, and be thankful that such a man as Shakespeare ever lived, and not less to be thankful that such good honest actors as Alfred Dampier are from time to time created, to give to his creations a living embodiment. Mrs. Dampier, or as we know her in the bills, Miss Katherine Russell, played Ophelia with artistic carefulness. You may not regard it as an ideal Ophelia, but then it is not often hardly ever, that one sees an ideal Ophelia. But considering how many Ophelias there are which present little else than warnings what to avoid, it is some- thing for which we may be thank- ful to see an Ophelia which at any rate complies with the conditions of reasonable- ness. For the rest there was nothing to prompt enthusiasm, and yet there was nothing to provoke condemnation. Mr. Boothman gave us an acceptable Laertes ; Mr. Baker a not unendurable Horatio; Mr. Holloway a reasonable Ghost; Mr. Martin a presentable Polonius ; Mr. Stoneham a moderately passable King; Miss Merton a very pleasant Queen, who clearly never could have done anything, even ap- proximately, naughty ; Mr. Caesar a business minded First Gravedigger and a well-seasoned Osric; Messrs. Tasman and Clifford less obtuse than customary Rosencrantz and Guildenstern; and Mr. Gladstone a useful bracket comprehending Bernardo and the Priest. And concerning the Priest the bills cast it to Mr Edwards. Perhaps Edwards in an alias of Mr. Gladstone. The scenery was new, and some of it was painted by our old friend John Hennings. One of his scenes was a sea coast piece, and it was used for the conference between Hamlet and the Ghost. The stage direction for this scene is a more remote part of the platform," and you have only to suppose that the plat- form extended to the seashore, and yon have plenty of justification for the alteration from the customary ram- part. At any rate, is in a very beautiful picture, and well worthy of the hand that painted it. The Hall of State, by Alta, is also an excellent piece of painting, good in conception and admirable in detail. It is a picture in harmony with the story, and, as far as may be judged, illustrative of the epoch when the events were supposed to happen. The distance in the graveyard (by Hennings) is full of poetry, but the details in the foreground are distressingly conventional. It will happen one day that a new light will break upon the contrivers of the graveyard scene. " Captain Swift," at the Princess's, is the story of a thief who has determined to live a reputable life, and by the accident of saving an old gentleman from being killed, he gets introduced to reputable society, where he finds his mother in the position of Lady Dedlock, married to a dignified old gentleman who knows nothing of her previous shady history. He makes the niece of the old gentleman fall in love with him, and everything appears to promise a new and better life to him, when his identity with a Queensland bushranger is established by means of the vindictiveness of his foster- brother, whom he has unwisely refused to " square." He gets out of the difficulty by shooting himself, the scene of this tragic business reminding one very much of that in " Black Sheep," which need to be so ad- mirably played 20 years ago by Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Steele. "Captain Swift" is a well- considered, well constructed play, all the action being consistent and current. There are no irrelevancies, no incoherencies, no excrescences. It is not an original play, but the interest is exceedingly well maintained. The characters are cast in familiar moulds, but they have all a distinct individuality, and their several relationships are never for- gotten. There is nothing in the nature of an anticlimax. The catastrophe is foreseen, but it is never anticipated. The real interest centres in the two characters of the ex- bushranger and his mother, and these were played severally by Mr. Warner and Miss Ada Ward in a manner to keep the attention of the audience continually alive. It was impossible not to remember the catastrophe that was impending. The shadow of their former sins overhang them both, and the mystery of expiation was as a black thunder- cloud borne towards them in the near future. And they both fulfilled the indica- tions expressed in those conditions. Miss Ward was singularly successful in the power she showed of an intuitive recognition of the son who was at once a source of maternal joy and the Nemesis of her destiny. She has never been seen to greater advantage than to the scene where she is forced into the de- claration of her relationship with Wilding. The situation was terrible, and yet curiously fascinating. The powerfulness of the effect was never for a moment marred by any over- accentuation or undue emphasis. It was an instance of genuinely-intense emotion kept in suppression by a supreme effort of will. It gave one a perfect notion of very highly- wrought mental tension, the kind of expe- rience through which some exceptionally en- dowed natures are capable of passing without flinching, but not without feeling. Mr. Warner made clear the agony through which a highly- strung nervous organisation must pass in the effort to reach to a higher and better life, and the despair which is felt at the consciousness of an inability to rise out of the pit into which it has fallen. In the scene in which Wilding declares his love for Stella, and con- fesses how his love is an outgrowth of the desire to escape from the slough of a former degradation, he reached to a point of genuinely poetic tenderness; and in very artistic contrast to this scene was the final situation, where the doomed man knows that his fate is inevitable. Here, also, Mr. War- ner acted with that subdued power which thrills an audience the freer it is from any quality of demonstrativeness. Miss Warner, who has not been seen in Melbourne recently, has much improved in her manner since last she played here. She has acquired a power of repose which adds much to the effect of her representations, and consequently her acting in the part of the girl who has become dominated by the strong and natu- rally noble nature of the contrite outlaw was unusually pleasing. In the final scene, where she takes what she knows is her final leave of im, her manner was singularly expres- sive of a controlled agony. Of the rest, Mr. Flemming was seen at his very best in the part of the Queensland squatter, who knows the bushranger's history, and yet will not betray him. Mr. Vincent imparted the cus- tomary stage senility to the elderly husband of the heroine. Mr. Stewart was not entirely ineffective in the part of a fire-eating youth who has been discarded in favour of the adventurer. Mr. Deering played the stereo- typed stage detective. Miss Constance Deorwyn had only negatively pleasant duties to perform as the sister of the heroine, and Miss Clitherow was equally negative in a part out of which some positive effect might have been obtained. In the "cha- racter " part of the servant who has wrongs to avenge, and services to sell to the highest bidder, Mr. Alfred Phillips won a distinct success. And his success was obtained in the most legitimate fashion by an absolute quietude of demeanour. It was a very clever piece of acting. The scenery, consisting of four sets, was of a kind to merit the warmest praise. Excep- tion might be taken to some of its details, but, as a whole, it may be highly praised with very little stinting. At the Opera-house " Fun on the Bristol' was revived on Saturday night, Mr. Sheridan taking, as before, the character of the Widow O'Brien, and again creating the most abun- dant amusement. The rest of the cast was for the most part new, but there was nothing in the acting of the several parts to distinguish it from the first representa- tion. At the Theatre Royal " The Silver King" still serves well to satisfy the requirements of the audience, and the exceptional excellence of the piece has been nightly acknow- ledged. At the Athenaeum, on Saturday night, Mr. Snazelle made his first appearance in Melbourne in an entertainment in which the principal attraction is supplied by a number of dissolving views. Of these there are a great many, and some of them are of unusual beauty, and they are well displayed by a skilful management of the oxyhydrogen light. Indeed, it may be said that all the photographic slides are good, but to those that are painted no praise whatever can be given, as they are deficient both in correct drawing and design. Mr. Snazelle sings several songs and gives some recitations, which are fairly accept- able. On Saturday night at St. George's Hall a company announced as the London Pavilion Company made their first appearance in Mel- bourne. The performers were all new to us, but there was little novelty in the perform- ances, not excepting an electric arrangement by means of which several quasi- musical instruments were made to play, and some gunpowder was exploded, both of these re- sults being startling in their effects upon the audience. The first part comprehended the customary singing, serious and so-called comic, jokes with the wonted pre-historic flavour, and a very worn-out conjuring trick. Afterwards came a rather skilful bicyclist, who is also a monocyclist; two Hibernian incongruities, who, severally, inflicted and suffered many hard knocks; two plea- sant young ladies whose looks are better than either their singing or their dancing ; a comfortable gentleman who laughs himself more than he makes others laugh, and who also discourses some eccentricities on the cornet; a clever little person, aged probably 11 years, who does some skilful rifle-shoot- ing ; two stereotyped negro " delineators ;" and the electrical alarms before men- tioned. At the Victoria-hall " Professor" Jensen made his first appearance on Saturday night as an illusionist "Achmed Ali Bey" did some exceptional conjurations. Mr. Linton, who has been seen before, did some " Lightning Sketches" on their heads, and other miscellanies filled up the pro- gramme. On Monday night at the Town-hall the Melbourne Liedertafel gave their 202nd concert. The prominent feature of the evening was the choral performances, which were quite on a level with the customary excellent singing of this society. There were also vocal solos severally by Madame Boema, Miss Sarah Lewis, Miss Ran- dell, Mr. James Wood, Mr, A. Heymanson, Mr. Fischer, and Mr. Gee. A well-selected octet party consisting of Messrs. Zerbini, Curtis, Weston, Liebe, Ceschini, Lyons, Lawson, and Langdale, gave with admirable effect Schubert's great work arranged for this number of executants. And Mrs. Jolley as the solo pianist save Schumann's " Warum " and the paraphrase from " Il Trovatore " by Gottschalk. The direction was as usual in the hands of Herr Siede, and Mr. Augustus Siede acted as accompanist. The fourth concert of the Victorian Orchestra was given on Saturday afternoon last, at the Exhibition. The programme consisted of the overture to "Oberon," Gounod's "Danse des Bacchantes," Men- delssohn's concert-overture " Melusina," Brahm's "Hungarian Dances," the "Marche de Cortège," from "La Reine de Saba" of Gounod ; and, as a supplementary piece, the overture from "Tannhaüser." The audience was numerous, and the several selections were warmly received, as they deserved to be. A good arrangement was adopted, whereby those inconsiderate persons who have no regard for the feelings of other people were prevented coming into the room during the performance of a piece. On Thursday night the concert in the Town-hall was announced as a " popular" one, and perhaps, if one may interpret the term on the ground of familiarity with the several pieces performed, it was popular. With the exception of the conductor's own arrangement of Eng- lish melodies in the form of a "fantasia," there was nothing with which even average mnsical people were not familiar, to wit, the overture to " Zampa," the " Funeral March of a Marionette," the overtures to "Tann- haüser" and " Le Cheval de Bronze," Soder- mann's " Swedish Wedding March," themes from " Don Pasquale," " The Blue Danube Waltz," and a quick march of some Scottish melodies. Of Mr. Clarke's arrangement of ancient English melodies much may be said in praise. To the lovers of pure melody it was very acceptable, and the arrangement was effected in such good taste as in no way to interfere with the simplicity of the original idea. The attendance was satisfactory, not- withstanding the inclemency of the outer air. On Tuesday night in the Masonic-hall there was an interesting musical entertain- ment on the occasion of introducing to the Melbourne public a young lady, Miss Maud Wilson, who is only 12 years of age, but is gifted with that sort of capacity for compre- hending the mystery of musical sounds, which, like other kinds of poetry, is congenital. The young lady is certainly a wonderful executant for her age, but she is clearly more than an executant, for she manifestly feels all that she has the ability to express. In an epoch when pianoforte facility may be regarded as rather the rule than the exception, and there are so many really capable amateur pianists, it requires the possession of unusual ability to evoke special praise, so that Miss Wilson's success on this occasion must be taken as an evidence of special and unusual competency. She played selections from Beethoven, Weber, Mendelssohn, Wagner, Ketten, and Wienowski, and in every one of these she showed a singular comprehension of the essential meaning of the themes. And her manual physique, even apart from her musi- cally mental development, was extremely interesting. She is going to Europe shortly, to study under those great teachers whose names are famous in the business of musical instruction, and it can hardly be doubted that she will do credit to this colony, of which she is a native. Besides Miss Wilson, the programme also included, as solo vocalists, on this occasion, the names of Madame Herz, Miss Amy Fuller, and Mr. H. Rofe ; and Mr. Max Klein contributed some exquisite violin solos. The whole was under the direction of Mr. Julius Herz. 