DEATH GiF' THE Q^ONOGHUE, <BEVIEW OF HIS STRANGE .AND.ROMANTIC .;.! - •! •! OABEEB.'I i">'" r The. death of The O'Donoghue of The Glens, which took place on Monday, 7th October, is an «veAt ;which in the young generation evoked but aipalssing amotion, but to any lrishmdn who. remembers the events' of the last three fleoadesi of our history stirs up memories cf-a-farideeper nature. ,lOver - thirty/yearsiahavpnow Ih» Glen'was sent to Parliament by the great ..cnunjy;, ^C'^PII^^'-^^-^l 1 ? person of' the; new member were united many 'elenleiitei 'wiill, caU^at^^i&r; terest the Irish peoplei i,'.' So. jiwai^f ancient lineage, the head or ' dhej bf few old Celtio housesl whiph:'' Wert not trampled to the earth' in pedal days. His family haft played'sOu^^ in Irish history, but to still brighter part, in romance. A hundred legends connected the fairest spot in all this lovely island with the chiefs of his house, • andthe genius of Moore has Redded to ' iihniortal verse the oft-told tale which 4411b us th&t; the spirit of one of The O'Donoghuesifc -firipposed to -be seen on • the morning of Ma£ Day gliding over the plheid wattirt of the Lakes of Killarney -to the strand of s#eet, unearthly music, and preceded by 'groups of yonths and maidens,' who fling wreaths of delicate 'Spring floorers ton his path.' And if on <{he fetheta sid6 he*wtts the scion of these •legehdkry chiefs of the Glens, on the -mother's'he was the grandson of O'Oodfleil. ! 1 YoWig, handsome, brilliant, eloquent, he'toiis the ideal of a popular 'leader, arid even his failings deepened the ' national interest in this nCw chief. Irish- 'tttetihaVti neter been passionate lovers of thrift. and it <was not vpith disfavour that ! the peOple heard that the young than had 'sflittertd ; with prodigal hand the great •Bavings'of 'a long minority, had eclipsed 'in: the fair city of Paris the gayest courtiAri of tibii Secbnd Empire, and had drawn ;6b |! hiftSett Imperial anger by flaunting eqtiipbgfcs green ahd gold sacred to Cfflsar himself. At' the time at which 'ThS O'DOfloghUe appeared in politics the Irish! national fortunes were at -their lowest ebb. The men of '48 were dead ; or in eiile. The "Brass Band" had • broken' Up in ignominy fend shame. Irel&nd.; ' in the bitter langtiage of one of her exiled B(ms, lay like a corpse on the 'dissecting t&ble.; : At this dark moment TheO'Donoghue appeared. The young than' "Went at^ a'bound into the forefront -Jjf national politics. He soon proved a < success as a Parliamentary orator, but a 'tftiir greater success as an Irish popular -speaker.' He andJohn Martin founded 'the League, which {for the moment became the mouthpiece of the peaceful national movement. His best speeches ' were delivered within the classic wails 'of the Rotunda. In Parliament he was 'for years one of the foremost champions of the national cause, battling with a few associates for the Irish nation, preaching in season and out of Beason the gospel ©f Irish nationality, aiding greatly By nis eloquence the struggle for disestablishmenti and, landlord though he was, a strong advocate' of Tenant . Bight. One episode of those 'days cre&ted; fiiiich excitement. Lord Palmer- 's ton, ili' a moment of caprice, had ap- ' pointed 4 wild young gentleman of his party Chief Secretary for Ireland/ Sir; Robert Pe6l had inherited a good deal of the ability but none of the discretion of -big fath^ri 'atad his rule in Ireland was 'a • long stiObessiori Of scrapes. He denounced^ a meeting sit the Rotunda, at which The G'Donohtie presided, as ah assembly of "mannikin traitors." The chieftain 'fiercely resented'this insulting infptrta- "tSaii, and Bent ft challenge to the Chief • Secretary. This was a quarter of a cen- tury ago, when thd ghost of the duello still walked the earth, and for a moment it appeared possible that Sir Robert would < accept the challenge. Lord ;Paimerston, however, interfered with Veto, and • the m&tter; ended in smoke. .: We may rimark enjpassant that the then ^unpopular Chief Secretary is now an jodvocateof HotneRule. Nothin, _ •iWith such trumpet : tongue for the good .cause as the .extraordinary fact' that all finghshtnen of ability who have in recent years'been connected with the mling of Ireland are now on the Irish iide^Lord .Spencer, Lord Carnarvon, [Mr. Trevelyan, Sir Robert Hamilton, iSir Robert Peel, Mr. Bannerman, such are some of ; the experts whose evidence ion this subject is so valuable. But to return to the career of The O'Donoghne. The,closing^ years of his political life do .not-tempt any friend to linger over them. ;He exchanged Tipperary for the now •defonct borough of Tralee; he gradually ifell away from his old friends and (associates;, he became in the end a mere Whig, and . finally disappeared from public life when Tralee lost its seat by the Reform Bill of 1885. Part of the recent aberrations of his life may have bfeen dhe to an ungratified desire for pre- ' ferment ; ; ; but, in' truth, a less sordid ihotive' ttairilj prevailed viith him. This '0'Dbnbghne. was 'in grain a Toung Ire- 'lander. and for } Ji% the romance and sentimental' side iof, the National Question waSrthe, most alluring one. He 'failed to comprehend that party which .has grown up within the past ten years, i ft nd ' which 1 'has> justified < itself ' < by 1 t most glorious victory which evererowned Hjhtf' efforts ' 6£ : 3 4 [ peaceful political com- "mnatidii; vhi«ih;lias 'Waken thii chain of ; th^^B^ti trto^d' fan the'fetters of ' cinraneS, ftM b^agh't the National «hip .jnfc),,, Promised ; Landj •j 0#perpns Jwlwdr mostforgmng of ittationa* will forget thB recent aberrations of the O'DonoghUe,: and willfind aniche ifor hiiniSfa heriTempleof iEtoie' as^bne in* kid own 1 time 1 end 1 way ; loved 