A Voice fini e thc Street.". (I* PEICERIiE PICKLE.) - - Theatmnoslphere hi TrIrrlgon is still daik with flens, dogs, - churches, local optionists. anld " iObservers." Now ' Docp Silner " (or Thinker, rather) has joined thei serricd ranks. frantically clntched a pen. and this is the result of his meital agony - A RlilOIIllli. (TO tll. 001DT051 OP T1t0 P.IaN IlS' aOlih\oA?.) SitI,-Ou peruling your cltolleno Nid thOlo of yoor collglntori . wOrel two lesm4 a", I T fullt ile.r Irptllold lto o ooo l uOthoe atelatle Indivalnt, ciledI "Obli'rver," mraingl eeoolut on n Os itlrfort it intrnderlto lior.l rhurh.h vli flae t ulne sleMCo,, ohih, liotnihno "Observer," forts to ve IlNs leos t ?t me, honch to thie dlgdt iof " Olserver'o? offsprlgSu. No' olr, boellllomler ofl tllft chtolreh' uoatl: tion, I niit h y thile Inioo u l(sol is deot tilo ltnt, for logs, bltlI tllik, loep oy Inrt, thlers io ole lroiiOll Iii gomo dlogd thall O III se slorllildnls.I who Iell themllvol oellse, who nmrovl e ItlIom t oR tonlnuistling o lllo o llapie hir ili tll Ithll hIsyu.,dll who rinv" n'trOlnl rcl'e lluus. f Me '" Olnur" nmke Iils fnltue lhott,-a D iuto olthers li y ou would tchel Its uoltynua "-Y?lrs &lt.; : DI'L+ TILI.K'KR. Trmrligon, April 21. 1980;. l wosnld apoemar frimi:tl?y ahove thla it Is cnot t all improlbbld$that ,. Obserrcr" h m Ilirted the- first " ti" mtll" l-" 'a" flea into the raloml n n WesloynO Church, front which came the hordes ltha nPoai ,lOancnflly, graze "off.veriros pcrttinos of the ecll-fed icol .re gatioll. once h week, without respect to Leat, for lyou sec "' Deo Silker" rciers toi the ciureh lens Its.h' Ot."rcrs i fftrilrtli.," which. linked into bhanlev, I reekin woild moren "flna thnt spring off Obsorner." ,, It is uvidcllt. too, that "hObserver" hl?s aolther lout of the p ot-bellld trihe at'home, which he oaly occasionolly lrings to Lcd with .his "offipril?g" at chlrchl, fnr ")DeIp Sitker" sias som'etrleA. Obbset'r r forgets to leave hit s ers ant home, och Ito t the dlisguOst of ,' Ohservcr'n'' olts prilngs"ti tho dlisgust of course Is only nntorall, as Illflluere Ssen'thll: feed. esplieciaily in ar 'wet iight). Hence it will bh sean thnat here anr twso -distinct families of flcas--tlih oid patrician family loaent d in ' Observer's" home, andil theo llien "offsprings," descendannt froma the Mhmmnan and h'ala flean intr?luc?cm uj "'Ohicrver" int l the oscrod edlilic; Nnto. lot us look for acure, 'cr0 the dlifficltic s to mie surmurntcde"l ch the rabbit-.n1 t prpo:o btisi a l i'hu area to ho traversed. ItI tiu -ywork mi t erhtl extrnnistin oahbd t "prflumht no-fnIther than the four walls of ttho 'e\Vsloynn.. Clhurch, .no thalnt -if drastio mehnsol nre lmmelilntely tnkmn the coligre. gatioti will no lmiicr h.vo to srnipo tho mutlateid rmnains of forgotton lies iiff their prayer bookls In onrder to follow the Mlinister Ih;tmheir.plois doovtinn,.l'J wonili uggest thant the tint moi monst be ho bnialish e' cp Sinknr," ."'Obsurrrr," niid *tlh I'rnl nent JlMember" and his dog tCi that oulplhurli hhiim tint awamtlls I oll:sl dislln y tlh ehristini spirit tileylnhave ; pIt cvnryoneI ottondiilg tie churclh sileot' the nduelot of SObserror's" ipreaes libt thait gentleman'si 'hb|se, birl lh li whole lt,, arid- start, iafrsh rc n. . ;,: . . It Is evident. hint lIioal oplilon anll Ohristihnity don't;;go sell milved, foi while Mr. Phillips muntimisi ';nsterrthlu a lnn lapplropriante time "to bury the hatchetl,"- andl eniid auseless liiseoisOlo. Local Optlion" dlsylny1io snillguiniorv e dir" to w'de lltlrigh endless seas oot bloodl "to demoltih him." " Cursed be he who first eries hold I enough I" is apparently" the mental decision of the anti-shandv.man. as he banishes theology at a breath, .and plunges: into itn altgument that courts the company of Gehenna. "lPeace." cries Phillip,r as he Ioints to those livinz evideno.s of natue that tceh itus that this is the time ,of year when all should forgive. " War." yells " Local Option," as he sits like a demon at the mouth of the pit of Acheron, feetling that wort that never dies. and pointing with a hellish laugh to the realms of Pluto. Very feaw are lethapa awar that Scandl. navians call Heaseh " Walhalla." but inhel is the fact. I was speating the other night t to two gentlemen who have lately visited "our Wailllila." although they have no oosslble proslect o geItting tlhere in tl," Scandanavian sense, its the flluwiiutuwi: show :-Thi'y started from Miirweill *\ilh three hntthle of Usher's whiskey arid half a htttle of lemonade. aivl. tlthank to .i kitil Provldence and a lquiet horse. arrived at the scene of M r. Wnlahloi's pltrilptitl gnlperationts safely, andt were Immeliiitely lhftedl by the stront arms if t" I;a." fromn tihe biggys to a stretheler inl the i lt, Tllhey l the.ltleing to strnngeu talcs of wild alnitmlias it in I that. wild hitch until the taller visitor tell olf Into a trtoubledl slceep, an I dreamr t he was dashing through endlless sia:s with a ti'r tail comlpocetl if 'Ushers' whiskey,al it, and attended by grinning demol's w?rta tmlbstone onit their bachk, and gr at iron corksmrews stuck thnrugh their 'ar~, all dancing, yelling. nnd turninig omertaults as they dashed along at his skle. Then the seose changed, and he found himself lunig. ing peacefully beneathl the shade of a have tree, on ever.v leaf of which was writtten in letters of gtld " Usher's whiskevy" nand ion every side tiny fairies, htlding in theirl hands gdedn goblets filled wiith tile p;recious flid. His hend lay pillowed in the lap if Vesta, itt the shape of a maidl. the fathomless depthl of whose eyes taught hini. like Echo, to "sigh and dili for loui'Ig." while all around sweet music that wlailtl pult tit shame the Thehlan Prince Amlnion flleatedtl t n the scented air. Then, iresto I all vanished, and with a wildl "' Ihlo-hli" he awoke to find his I mate nitting on the rid.e-i:ole ,of the tent, with a b?ttle of whisky in one hand and a junk of corn leef ln lih aniother frantieally yelling out that there was half.a.-tnt of dynamite under the bed. They are home now. and haven't a very aitedt opinion of the future of Scandanaelins. Ye ggoids! annilate Ihil space and time, andt make two lovers lhappy."' 'hiis modest reqtluest was ireferred by a love-sick swain, who was moaning roundt on this planet somewhere between the dates . of the Cuitennlial E?thihition anti the Faale Mian. I am unable to fix the uiate more accurately, bdt the date I Ilave given is tear enough fuor the most fastidious palate. I can't tell either whether the modest request wass granted in order to allow of the two lovers livine andti dyin happy ever afterwardsl. bt I consider it quite probabtle. regarded in the light of recent events. Some time ago I had acension to point tot that Traralgon was getting ahead of Time. The poor oli sa!ythe-bearer hadn't thu ghost of a showa off the samn scratch as Traralgon. so that it may not eaus t mtch surprises i'then it is found that the Queen Cit" has notw had all the best of it in thie nast r Handlieap withi Space. Toi use a tuni'lar phrase Onace Ihis huena run "doig-prpor" in the first heat1 and re filual t go tion with the race. Stlnce parti. eilars of the race may lie iof interest. IIn the AuE, of Easter Tutleisly there apletarled a telegram hended "Trnt.tlgon," itid setting forth that the ilt??slalu splrts were hlid ihere "'yesterday." II another place ill thile same l9ote was anothltr telegram. dated ftnh Tnl'rarig',n, and litiamatiilg that "the Toengalblie races were held here yesterday." Now how, in the name nt common sense. were the 'l'lonnghthie races anti the RRsedalo sports held at Trarnlion. l'hese thilngs are oinlIy to ie explained by stppiasing that tle Tranril,on lpeople got Itoeltlo and To,-llalltise chiflled lto ilti culttre of the Triarlin show grouind on the day mettiniled l aid conseqtuently I rise In state that my' Afnt stnaitenlt is correct, to wit. that fraraigon can give yards ito lth rilce and time, nand then do them hand. I dol't quite uIlllderstanl d t bhy the M:orwell sports catne'off in Mtlrteirl, biutl they were pIrobably overhloked ht thie Argls-eyedl. tor more correctly speaking, Ag-ey-ced Traralgon correspondent. : . 