HIS EMINENCE CARDINAL MANNING. Cardinals Newman and Manning, the great pulpit orators of the Catholic Church, aad also distinguished men of letters who are frequently linked together, are both still prominent figures in the life of England. Through their printed as well as their spoken words these eminent divines have very largely influenced the thought of the British people; in fact, their names are known to millions outside the British nation. Cardinal Newman is approaching the age of 90; Cardinal Manning, whose portrait we present to-day, is 80, and is perhaps the more active of the two. Cardinal Newman confines his attention pretty closely to his famous school near Birmingham, which he founded thirty years ago; whereas his less aged brother is yet to be seen in the busy life of the Engluh metropolis. Bis Eminence Henry Edward Manning, who is Cardinal Priest of the Holy Roman Church and Archbishop of Westminster, is the son of the late Mr. William Manning, M.P., merchant, of London. Dr. Manning was born at Toteridge, Hertfordshire, on July 15, 1808, and studied at Harrow and Balliol College, Oxford, where he graduated B.A. in first-class honours in 1830, and became Fellow of Merton College. For some years he was a Select Preacher in Oxford University, and was appointed Bector of Lavington and Graffharo, Sussex, in 1834, and Archdeacon of Chichester six years later. Leaving the Established Church in 1851, he went over to the Roman Catholic faith. Entering the priesthood, he was made a D.D. in 1854, and founded, in 1857, an eoolesiastical congregation at Bayswater, entitled the Oblates of St. Charles Borromeo. The offices of Provost of the Catholic Archdiocese of Westminster, Protonotary Apostolic, and Domestic Prelate to the Pope were conferred upon him, and after the death of His Eminence Cardinal Wiseman, Monsignor Manning was appointed Archbishop of Westminster. His consecration took plaoe in June, 1865, and in March. 1875, Pope Pius IX. created him a Cardinal Priest, the title assigned to His Eminence being that of SS. Andrew and Gregory on the Coelian Hill. On the laBt day of 1877 His Holiness invested him with the Cardinal's Hat in a consistory held at the Vatican. Then as to his numerous theologioal works, which have made his name so famous, the titles of which alone will comfortably fill a page of an ordinary magazine. A large number of his works ave been written in defence of the Romish Church. Before his entrance into the Catholio Church His Eminence wrote four volumes of sermons and other works. His first great contribution to literature was "The Grounds of Faith,"shortly after he left the Church of England. Following this came his "Temporal Sovereignty of the Popes;" " The Last Glories of the Holy See Greater than the First;" " The Present Crisis of the Holy See Tested by Prophecy," 1861; " The Temporal Power of the Vicar of Jesus Christ;" " Sermons on Ecclesiastical SnbjectB," with an introduction on the relations of England to Christianity; "The Crown in Council on the EssayB and Reviews," a letter to an Anglican friend; " The Convocation and the Crown in Council," a second letter to an Anglican friend; and " The Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost, or Reason and Revelation." His other works include " England and Christendom," " The (Ecumenical Council and the Infallibility of the Roman Pontiff;" " The Four Great Evils of the Day," "The Fourfold Sovereignty of God," "Caesarismand Ultramontanism," "The Internal Mission of the Holy Ghost," "The Catholic Church and Modern Society," and " The Eternal Priesthood." His sermons and pamphlets are indeed too numerous to mention in this brief notice. Not only as a Roman Catholio Prelate and divine but also as a social and temperance re former Cardinal Manning stands out as one of the most conspiouous and ablest men of our time. Within the last decade His Eminence has been particularly active in the temperance cause—in fact, one of its strongest pillars. It is said of His Eminence that he is ready for any important public meeting, travelling almost anv distance to further the cause. A reoent writer thus ^escribes the the pulpit his spare figure and keen face seem aQ aglow with the fire of his words—perfectly simple words, but showing wonderful knowledge and mastery of human nature, When he drives home a sentence ha has an expressive habit of clinching the rail of the pulpit with both hands, throwing himself baok at arm's length as he throws bis words forward, which is effective as it is peculiar." His venerable aspect, his gentleness of disposition, his ardent zeal for their welfare, and his grand old patriarchal manner of dealing with the people win the affection of all classes of the community. 