\- Notes Now and Then. \- V - [Bv J. M.] ? v ,' ' ' '^Tliero aro a grout number of wise snws and goodly provorhs current itt the world inventod solely for tho es pcciul good and' guidance of mankind. hn no imrt of 'n nwn's career do those |irovori)3' occur with such nluruung fre qiienoy as when he arrives it that jimiotl of his life vrtren ho ci &si; lors it ra his tioiiiiderr ditty to the wo Id in gu-ieviil, and himsolf in {inrticulur, to Jiuke- »wo- mnwelt n wire. At about '?WW tige of twenty, when the upper lip {?ivrollie first symptoms of being orna mfatod witlv what is commonly termed ,-n vevundiih, a rnim exhibits tha first 'mftns of Iiis hereditary insanity by l-luiiging recklessly into matrimony M '-with- the first girl who smiles sweetly (njion hin). Should he be lucky (or uiiTitc&y;, which1!) enough to get her consent, ho of course marries iu hnsto without a thought of the future ; and 'finds when too Into thnt tho angel he 'married, divested of the lia'o of per fection thrown uround her during the .-Qiy$ 'ot : courtship and ' love's youiig iJieam,'' is- 1» common . mortal like hiu'i nulfr with a temper ofher own possibly ;(t'ilthough she cirefully kept this latter fuot concealed until after iniirriage). Should ho live his alloted u threo score nnd tun,'' hell havo plenty of time to ' repent ut leisure,' und ncknowled^n ;io fiitnself—nl though he may try to liidrit from tho world — thnt ' marriage & a fttflure.' ' Marry for love Hnd work for si I lor' is another misleading proverb, usunlly believed to be of .Scotch paternity. I don't believe tho Itaret-beaded Scotch over promulgated ,xuer» a suiciilicnl theory, or adopted it aiva guiding stur in miurimouinl ufTuirs. Tho ' siller' part of the provorb is right ??a.ioiigh ; still, 'tis just ns well to' Inive vrtw exchequer supplied with' the essen , lial lt»ver thnt moves the world before ; . ??iiiarryvVg. Thero is a saying nbout a bird in thejiiiud,' etc., otc. I dare say, gentle render, you know it, so I Iavimi'V rep. nt it. Tlioro uro any amount t-t* lun.-i tic il men mid : roinuntic giils who take a literal view of tho ' marry ing, for lave' business, calmly rockoh \- ifnf- that they huvo nothing to do but to get tied iu goldeii fetters (Will Iter) — for love, of course — and, us soon ua . tilnit net of ins.inity is accomplished, tlio ncfics furutold in tho provorb will nt onco commonco to full upon them, uiid lifo hoiicofni'th u ill bo nothing irat n coiitinuul round of pic-nicing, or, to \\]pnt it vulgarly nil 'skittles and beer' \- Thane marriuges uro usually clusseil tinder the lioud of 'Lovo in a Cottage,' and, when poverty or tho bnilifT comes iu ut the door, love makes a busty and ignoble exit through the window. ? ? AVitb thtJ-ndverit of th» Wilifif, the. .glamour fudes awhy ? from Cupid'H golden chnin', or in other words all the gilt is olT tho ginger bread ; und the erstwhile-happy pair are forced to confess in their hearts that ' marriage Jit Ui failure.' A..-, hoi' 11 1 1 lo ilt'tn en tfi e'y overlooked in those marriages Dm* rove atone and tne riches all in the ..futurity, are the olive branches. By some wise provision of Nature (I doubt Sit„' however) the less worldly riches n ' aiiin posacRSoa tho greater his blessings ub fur as numbers are concerned in the . shape; of children that are showered upon him. If he married early in life, , the cons.lant worry of mind ho is sub jected to in provididg ways and means for the support of a whole quiverful of ''ehildron makes him an old man before his time. Tho perpetual struggle ' ugni ist poverty engenders in his mind , a junndiced view of tlio world Possibly tho strugglo to mnko both ends meet wmy he too much for him, nnd he is 'forced lo hand in his cheoks, or, in other words, ''give up the ghost.' . Ask such an ono, gentle render, his -vio\ys on niarrini-o, and if ho spouk the truth, he'll lie forced lo confess' marri age is a failure.' Of course, there are many marriages contracted in w.'iioh the ftrutncuH nre in a majority, and the con sequent struggle to keep the bull rolling & absent,. Still things do uot go as smoothly as they ought. Tho husband Wiuy not have anything to worry him ,exce|-t tbe few euros that fall to Iho lot '©f everyone, while tho inistresBof the establishment mny bo everything that fe amiable, and accomplished enough, to satisfy the most fastidious taste. But . ?thore'b a screw fooso somewhere. Where, or what is it 1 Instead of npond wg bis'eveninga ut his own liroside in the society of the wife of his bosom ho . is probably onjoying himself ut the ' corner pub,' drinking or gambling with a few boon companions, wasting Uh- money and destroying his consti tution in riotous und disorderly living. Why ia this I I'm afraid 'tis not al together- the hankering aftor forbidden jrnit,. although 'lia a weakness from wliichi many men suffer (Ahem !). Neither is.it incompatibility of temper, th&ughi; I daresay want of harmony in jpnrsnits and ways of thinking between husband nud wifo often causo the former Ko seek excitement and distraction from Very questionable sources, not at ul) compatible with tha dignity of a married ^iiaiu' Ttw- primary, ehief und only IVuiituutt&o; cause of a man, when ho's Jiujrly well supplied witlv this world's gQQife, not. being lmppy and con tienited; in a state of matrimony, is, jjh nine cases out of ten, to be attributed .60. his. wife'1.! total disregard of her hiis tand'ij. dligest.ion, aud heir inability to , cook. a u sqiiwire ' moa^ or to see that it is donei pi'oporly if the happens to possess a servant. Of course, if she can't cook hot-self sho is unable to tell whether hor scrvAnfs are proficiont in uie cuisiae departmont or not. Many a good man that would, under happier circumstances, havo lived a honored nrd respected life, has been driven to extremities by his wife's reprehensiblo und homicidal experiments, in the first few years of matrimony, on his diges tion. Qener.illy, if sho is persevering, she will bo able to cook fairly woll by tho time hor husband's constitution is ruined. As a good mothor 'twould ho naturally thought she would transmit hor dearly-bought knowledgo £to, her daughters. She does nothing of the sort. Instead of tnkiug them from the nursery to tho kitolisn, they are taken to the parlor to leurn/thg. manipulation of the piajjo, instead of the construction of ' puff paste ' in the kitchen. After mnrriiige is considered time enough for a girl to learn the art of cookery, when slio'll have her husbund to experi ment upon ; nnd if she succeeds in killing him or driving him to drink, u charitable world will onlr bring in n verdict of 'justifiable homicide.' No thing will drive a man to diink and destruction quicker than badly-cooked food. As u patriotic Australian, I blush to confess that tho average Aus tralian girl, with very fow exception', cam. on Conic a 'square meal' (she might cook a man's goose quick enough if she got fair play) (uo pun intended. — 'J.M.') Cooking as u fine aro is iiBiiully consideied beneath 'our girls' ' dignity. Sho nuiy be highly accom plished ; bo able to dress herself bo 'coiuingly an l hold her own at convon tionnl small talk ; but put hor in tho kitchen, where Bhe wonld linvo to don uu opion und roll up her sleeves, nnd you'll find sho is out of her element, or, to use n coloninliam, 'euchrer-.' Of course many girls labor under the mis taken idea that they are first-oluss cooks, and I'll admit some of them are regular artists at making what is generally known as ' dynamite cuVe ' or 'damper.' Sinoe the advent of yenst powder and tho advance of educa tion, ' dynamite'euke' has been substi tuted for tho old and original name of ' damper,' the former name being con sidoied morn sonorous and suggestive (of spontaneous combustion). Another Australian nutional dish, and ono that will nover be forgotton by anyone wliD has partaken of it, is tho time-honored, though very often abused ' Doughboy' (a capital D, please) or ' water-dog.' Shades of Captain Cook ! Breaking on tho wheel would be far and a way too oasy a piinishmont for tho fiend who first invented the 'doughboy.' Many a man has been sent to nn early gravo by too free indulgence at the table when 'doughboys' formed a side dish. In spite of their pernicious effects ou the consitutions of husbands, wives will persist in flourishing the ' doughboy ' nn eiioh und every occasion. Tie a dish of which n little goes n long way, being very filling -(us I once heard a cook remark). Ho might have meant filling the grave yard perhaps. In the words of poets and novelists— ' The lights wax dim, So I'll to bed To sloop ; perhaps to dream.' Omnt vhicit amor. 