FOB FAITH AND FREEDOM.* Dr Walter Besant. Chapter LL TOE CONFESSION. Now am I come to the last event of this history, and I have to write down the con fession of my own Bbare in that event For the others—for Alicia and for Robin—the thing mast be considered as the crown and completion of all the mercies. For me— what is it? But you shall bear. When the secrets of all hearts are laid open—then will Alice hear it also; what she will then say, or what think, I know not It was done for her sake—for her happiness have I laid this gnilt upon my son!. Nay, when the voice of conscience doth exhort me to repent, and to confess my sin, then there still ariseth within my soul, as it were the strain of a joyful hymn, a song of gratitude that I was enabled to return her to treedom and the arms of the man she loved. If any learned doctor of divinity, or any versed in that science which the Komanista love (they call it casuistry) should happen to read this chapter of con fession, I pray that they consider my case, even though it will then be useless as far as I myself am concerned, seeing that 1 shall be gone before a judee who will, I hope (even though my earthly affections do not sufferme to separate my sin from the consequences which followed), be more merciful than I have deserved. While, then, I stood watching this signal example of God'a wrath, I was p ucked gently by the sleeve, and, turning, eaw one whose countenance 1 knew not He was dressed as a lawyer, but his gown was ragged and his bands yellow; he looked sunk in poverty; and bis face was inflamed with those signs which proclaim stood the habit Of im moderate drinking. " Sir," he said, " if I mistake not, you are Dr. Humphrey CliaHis?" "Ibe same, sir; at your service," I replied, with some miatrivitigs. And yet, being one of the Prince's following, there needed none. "I have seen, you, sir, in the rhambers of yonr cousin, Mr. Benjamin Boscorel, my brother lenrned in the luw. We drank together, though (I remember) you still passed the bottle. It is now font or five years ago. I wonder not that you have forgotten me. Wq ♦ Tfca riaht ot publithiny this work baa been pur chased by the proprietors ot" Xfce ▲lutnlulaar change quickly, we who are the jolly com panions of the bottle; we drink our nosea red, and we paint our cheeks purple; nay, we drink ourselves out of our last guinea, and out of our very appareL What then, sir ? A short life and a merry. Sir, yonder is a Borry Bight. The first law officer of the Crown thus to be haled alongthe streets by a howling mob. Ought such a thing to be suffered? 'Tis a sad and sorry Bight, I say !" " Sir," I replied hotly, "ought such villains as Judge Jeffreys to be suffered to live ?" He considered a little, as one who is astonished and desires to collect hiB thoughts. Perhaps he had already taken more than a morning draught " I remember now," he said. "My memory is not so good as it waa We drink that away as welL Yea, I remember—I crave your for giveness, Doctor. jYou were yourself engaged with Monmouth. Your cousin told me as much. Naturally, you love not this good judge, who yet did nothing but what the King, his master, ordered bim to do. I, air, have often had the honour of sitting over a bottle with his lordship. When his in firmities allowed (though not yet old, he is grievously afflicted) he had no equal for a song or a jest, and wonld drink bo long as any were left to keep him company. Ha! they have knocked him down—now they will kill him. No; he is again upon bis feet; those who protect him closo in. So—they have passed out of our eight Doctor, shall we crack a flask together? I have no money, unhappily; but I will with pleasure drink at thy expense." I remembered the man's face now, bat not his name. 'Twaa one of Ben's boon com panions. Well; if hard drinking brings men so speedily to rags and poverty, even though it be a merry life (which I doubt), give me moderation. " Pray, sir," I Baid coldly, " to have me excused. I am no drinker." " Then, Doctor, you will perhaps lend me, nntil we meet again, a single guinea ?" 1 foolishly complied with this request. " Doctor, 1 thank you," he said. " Will you now come and drink with me at my expense? Sir, I say plainly, yon do not well to refnse a friendly glass. 1 could tell you many things, if yon would but drink with me, concerning my Lord Jeffreya There are things which would make you laugh. Come, Doctor; I love not to drink alone. Your cousin, now, was always ready to drink with any man, nntil he fell ill"— "How? Ia my consin ill?" " Assaredly; he is sick unto death. Yester day 1 went to visit him, thinking to drink a glass with him, and perhaps to borrow a guinea or two, but found him in bed and raving. If you will drink with me, Doctor, I can tell you many curious things about your cousin. And now 1 remember, you were sent to the Plantations; you cousin told me so. You have returned before yoar time. Well, the King hath ran away; yon are, doubtless, safe. Your cousin hath gotten bis grand father's estate. Lord Jeffreys, who loved him mightily, procured that grant for him. When your cousin wakes at night he swears that he sees his grandfather by his bedside looking at bim reproachfully, bo that he drinks the harder; 'tis a merry life. He hath also married a wife, and she ran away from him at the church door, and he now cannot hear of her or find her anywhere, so that he curses her and drinks the harder. Oh!'t is always the jolliest dog. They say that he is not the lawyer that he was, and that his clients are leaving him. All mine have left me Jong since.' Come and drink with me, Doctor." 1 broke away from the poor toper who bad drank up his wits as well as his money, and hurried to my cousin's chambers, into which I had not thought to enter nave as one who brings reproaches—a useless burden. Benjamin was lying in bed; an old crone sat by the fire, nodding. Beside her was a bottle, and she was, I found, half drank. Her I quickly sent about her business. No one else had been attending him. Yet be was laid low, as I presently discovered, with that kind of fever which is bred in the vil lainous air of our prisons—the same fever which had carried off hie grandfather. Perhaps, if there were no foal and stinking wards, ja'ls, and clinks, this kind of fever would be banished altogether, and be no more seen. So, if we could discover the origin and cause of all diseases, we might once more restore man to his primitive con dition, which I bike to have been one free from any kind of disease or infirmity, de signed at first by his Creator so to live tor ever, and, after the Fail, enabled (when medicine hath so far advanced) to die of old age after Buch prolongation of life and strength as yet we cannot even understand. " Cousin," I said, " I am sorry to find thee lying in this condition." " Ay," he replied, in a voice weak and low, not like his old blustering tonea "Curse me and upbraid me, if you will. How art thou come hither? Is H the ghost of Hum phrey ? Art thou dead like my grandfather ? Are we on the plantations of Barbados?" "Indeed, I am no ghost, Benjamin. As for corses, I hare none; and as for re proaches 1 leave them to yoar conscience." "Humphrey, I am sore afflicted. I am now so low that I cannot even sit npright in my bed. But you are a doctor—you will bring me back to health. I am already better only for seeing you here." 1 declare that as yet 1 had no thought, no thought at all, of what I waa to do. I waa but a physician in presence of a sick man, and, therefore, bound to help him if I could. I asked htm first certain questions, as physicians use, concerning his disorder and its symptoma 1 learned that after attending at the court he was attacked by fits of shiver ing and of igreat heat, being hot and cold alternately, and that in order to expel the fever he had sat driuking the whole evening —a most dangerous thing to da Next, that in the morning he had been una tile to rise from his bed, and, being thirsty, had drank more wine—a thing enough of itself to kill a man in euch a fever. Then he lost his bead, and could tell me no more what had happened nntil he saw me etanding by hia bedside. In short he had been in delirium, and was now ia a lucid interval, out of which he would preaentiy fall a-wandering again, and, perhaps, raving, and so another Incid interval, alter which he would die unless something could be done for him. 1 liked not hia appearance nor the account which he gave me, nor did I like his pulse or the strangle look in his eyes—death doth otten show hia coming by such a pronherir terror of the eyes. " Humphrey," he said pitifully, "it was no fault of mine that thou wast sent to the Plantations." "That I know full well, consin," I an swered. "Be easy on that score." ' " And as for Alice," he went on, "all ia fair in love." I made no reply, because at this point a great temptation assailed my soak You have heard how I learned many secrets of the women while I was abroad. Now, while were in. Providence Island I found a woman of the breed they call half caste—that is, half Indian, half Portuguese— living in what she called wedlock with an English Bailor, who did impart io me a great secret of her own people. I obtained from her not only the knowledge of a moat potent drag (known already to the Jesnita). but also a goodly quantity of the drag itself. This, with certain other discoveries and observa tiona of my own, I was about to communicate to the college, in Warwick-lane. As for this drug, I verily believe it is the most potent medicine ever yet discovered. It ie now some years since it was first brought over to Europe by the Jesuits, and is therefore called Pulms Jcsuiticus, and sometimes Peru vian bark. When administered at each a stage of the fever as had now been reached by my unhappy cousin it seldom fails to vivify the spirits and so to act upon the nerves as to restore the Binking, and to call back to lite a man almost moribund. itemembering .thiB, I lugged the packet out of my pocket and laid it on the table. "Be of good cheer, cousin," I said; "I have a drug which is strong enough, with the help of God, to make a dying man sit up again. Courage, then!" When I had said these words my tempta tion tell upon me. It came in the guise of a voice which whispered in my ear. " Should this man die," it said, "there will be freedom for Alice. She can then marry the man she loves. She will be restored to happiness. While he lives, she must still continue in misery, being cut off from love. Let him die, therefore." " Humphrey," said Ben," in this matter of Alice; if she will come to me, I will make her happy. But I know not where she is hidden. Things go ill with me since that unlucky day. I would to God I had not done it I Nothing hath gone well since, and I drink daily to hide her face. Yet at night she haunts me—with her lather, who threatens, and her mother, who weeps, and my grandfather, who reproaches.. Humphrey —tell me—what is it, man? What mean your looks?" For while he spoke that other voice was in my ears also. " Should he die, Alice will be happy again. Should he live, she will continue in misery." At these words (which were but my own thoughts, yet involuntary), I felt so great a pity, each an overwhelming love for Alice, that my spirit was wholly carried away. To restore her freedom ! Oh■ what price was too great for such a gift? Nay—I was seized with the thought that to give her so great a thing, even my own destruction would be a light price to pay. Never, until that moment, had I known how fondly and truly I loved her. VVhy, if it were to be done over again— but this matters not. 1 have to make my confession. " Humphrey, speak!" I suppose that my trouble showed itself in my face. "Thou art married to Alice," I said slowly. " That cannot be denied. So long as thou liveat, Benjamin, so long will she Ira robbed of everything that she desires, so long will she be unhappy. Now if thou shouldst die" "Die? 1 cannot die; I must live." He tried to raise himself, but he was too weak. "Cousin, save my life." "If thou shouldst die, Benjamin," I went on, regardless of his words, "she will be set free. It is only by thy death that she can be set free. Say then to thyself, ' I have done this poor woman so great an injury that nothing but my death can atone for it. Willingly, therefore, will I lay down my life, hoping thus to atone for this abominable < wickedness.'" | " Humphrey, do not mock me. Give me— give me—give me speedily the drug of which you spoke. I die—I die 1 Oh !—gfve me of your drug." Then I took the packet containing the Pitlvti Jcsuiticus and threw it upon the tire, where in a moment it was a little heap of ashea. "Now, Benjamin," I said, " I cannot help thee Thou must surely die." He shrieked, he wept, he implored me to do something—something to keep him alive. He began to curse and to Bwe&r.; "No one can now save thee, Benjamin," I told him. "Not all the College of Phy sicians ; not all the medicines in England, 'i'hon must die. Listen and heed: in a short time, unless thy present weakness canseth thee to expire, there will fall upon thee an other fit of fever and delirium, after which another interval of reason—perhaps another —but yet thou must surety die. Prepare thy soul, therefore. Is there any message for' Alice that thou wouldst send to her, being now at the point of death ?" His only answer was to curse and weep alternately. Then I knelt beside his bed, and prayed alond for him. But incessantly he cried for help, wearing himself out with prayers and curses. "Benjamin," I said, when I had thus prayed a while, but ineffectually, "I shall take to Alice, instead of these curses, which avail nothing, a prayer for pardon, in order to touch her heart and cause her to think of thee with forgiveness, as of one who repented at the end. This I shall do for her sake. I shall also tell thy father that thy death was repentant, and shall take to him also a prayer for forgiveness as from thee. This will lighten his Borrow, and cause him to re member thee with the greater love. And to Robin, too, so that he may cease to call thee villain, I will carry, not these ravings, but a humble prayer (as from thyself) for forgive nese." This is my confession : /, who mvjhl ha.ee saved, niy cousin, suffered him to die. The sick man, when be found that prayers or curses would not avail, fell to moaning, rolling bis head from side to side. When lie was thus quiet I prayed again for him, exhorting hiiu to lift up his soul to bis Judge, and assuriug him of our full forgiveness. But, indeed, 1 know not if lie heard or under stood. It was then about four of the clock, and growing dark. I lit & candle and examined him again. 1 think that he was now unconscious. lie seemed as if he slept. 1 eat down and watched. I think that at midnight, or thereabouts, 1 must have fallen asleep. When I awoke the candle was out, and the fite was out The room was in perfect dark ness. I laid my hand upon my cousin's tore head. He was cold and dead. Then I heard the voice of the watchman in the street: '' Past two o'clock and a frosty morning The voice which I had heard before whispered again in my ear. " Alice is tree—Alice is free ! Thou—thou —thou alone hast set her free 1 Thou hast killed her husband 1" I threw myself upon my knees and spent the rest of that long night in seeking for repentance, but then, as now, the lamen tation of a sinner is also mingled with the joy of thinking that Alice was free at last, and by none other hand than mine. This is my confession, 1 might have saved my cousin, and I suffered him to die. Wherefore I have left the profession in which it was my ambition to diatioguish myself, and am no longer anything hut a poor and obscure person, living on the charity of my friends w a remote village 9 days afterwards I was sitting at the ..looking through the dead man's papers, when I heard a {ootatep on tb» stair. It was Barnaby wlio broke noisily into the room. t " Where is Benjamin ?" he cried. •' Where is that villain " " What do you want with him T' " I want to kill him. I am come to kill him." *' Look upon the bed, Barnaby." I laid back the sheet and Bhowed him the pale face of the dead man. "The hahd of the Lord—or that of another—hath already killed him. Art thou now content?" Chapter the Last. In the decline of years, when the sixtieth birthday is near at hand and one looks not to lire much longer, and the fntnre hath no fresh joy to bring with it (bat only infirmities of age and pain), it is profitable and pleasant to look back upon the past, to observe the guidance of the Unseen Hand, to repent one's sins, and to live over again tbosr seasons, whether of sorrow or of joy, wbicli we now perceive to have been Providentiallj ordered. This have I done, both in reading tin history of our lives as related by my mistress, and in writing this latter part. To the former have I added nothing, nor have I sub tracted anything therefrom, because I would not suffer-the sweei and candid sool of her whom I have always loved to be tarnished by any words of mine, breaking in upon her own, as jarring notes in some lovely harmony. It is strictly, laid upon me to deliver her words just as she hath written them down. Now, after the death of Benjamin, I took it upon myself, being his cousin, in the absence of his father, to examine the papers which he had left. Among them 1 found abundance of songs, chiefly in praise of wine and women, with tavern bills. Also, there were notes of legal cases, very voluminous, and I found notes of payment made to various persons engaged in inquiring after his wife, in those towns of the West Country where her father's name would procure friends tor heir. But there was no will; Benjamin had died (never looking for so early an end) without making any will. Therefore, all his estate, including the manor of Bradford Orcas (indeed, he bad nothing else), now belonged to Alice, a widow who had never been a wife. It is thirty years ago and more. King William 11L is dead, Queen Anne is dead, King George (who cannot, they say,. speak English, bat is a stout Protestant) aits upou onr throne, the Nonconformists are tree, save that they cannot enter the universities, and are subject to other disabilities, which will doubtless be removed in the coarse of years. But English people, I think, love powei beyond all earthly things, and so long aa the church is in a majority, the churchmen will exercise their power and will not part with it To ua of Bradford Orcas it matters little. We worship at the parish church. Every Sunday I contemplate, aa I did fifty years ago, the monument of Filipa kneeling apart, and of her husband his second wife kneeling together. There is a new tablet in the chancel pat np to the memory of Sir Christopher, and another to that of Da Comfort Eykin. Their bodies lie somewhere among the mounds on the north side of Ilminster Church. Forty years ago, as you have seen, there stood three boys in the garden of the Manor house discoursing on their future. One wished never to go anywhere, but to remain always a country gentleman, like his grand father, one would be a great lawyer, a judge, even the Lord Chancellor ; the third would be a great physician. Loi the end of alll The first, bat after divers miseries, perils, and wanderings, hath attained to his desire, the second lies buried in the churchyard of St Andrew's, Holborn, forgotten long since hy his companions (who, indeed, are now with him in the pit), and remembered only among, his own kin tot the great wickedness which he wrought be fore the Lord. And aa for the third and last, no illustrious physician is he ; but one who lives obscure (but content) in a remote village (in the very cottage where his mistress was born), with books and music, and the society of the sweetest woman who evei graced this earth for his solace. She was always gracious; she was gracious in her childhood; gracious as a maiden; more gracious still is she in these latter days when her hair is grey, and her danghters stand about her, tall and comely. Now, bad I administered that powder—that sovereign remedy, the Ftilcii Jeuiilieas—what would have been her lot ? "Humphrey," said Robin, "a penny for thy thoughts." " Robin, I was thinking—it is not a new thing, but twenty years old and more—that cousin Benjamin, never did anything in his life so nseful as to die." " Ay, poor Benjamin! That he had at the end the grace to ask our forgiveness and to repent hath in it something of a miracle. We have long forgiven him. Bnt consider, cousin. We were saved from the fight; we were saved from the sea; we were saved from slavery; we were enabled to strike the last blow for the Protestant religion—what were all these blessings worth if Benjamin still lived? To think, Humphrey, that Alice would never have been my wife and uever a mother ; and all these children should have remained unborn! I say that, though we may not desire the death of a sinner, we were not human if we rejoiced not at the death of our poor cousin." Yes; that is the thought which will not suffer me to repent. A single pinch of the Puloin Jamhicus, and he might have been living unto this very day ; then would Alice have lost the crowning blessing of a woman's life. Yet—1 was, it is true, a physician—whose duty it is to save life, always to save life, even tlie life of the wretched criminal who is to die upon the gallows. Yet again, if he had been saved I Aa I write these lines 1 see my mistress walking down the village street She loolraover my garden-gate; she lifts the latchet and enters, smiling gravely and tenderly. A sober hap piness sits upon her brow. The terror of her first marriage has long been forgotten. Why, as I watch her tranquil life, busy with her household and her children, fall of the piety which, asks not (as her father was wont to aBk) how and where the mercy of Heaven' is limited, and if, indeed, it will embrace ail she loves—as I mark the tender love of huabaad: and of children which lies around her like a garment and prevents all her doings, there comes back to me con tinually a bed-room in which a man lies dying. Again, in memory, again in intention, I throw upon the fire that handful of Ptdvu» Jtvtilkm which shoultL have driven away his fever and restored him to health again. A great and strong man he was, who might have lived till eighty years. Where then would have been that loye? where those children ? where that tranquil heart and that contented mind? / will not save hit life. I say again in my mind. I will not save /win, As tkaU die. " Humphrey," my mistress says, "laaut Qsj books s vb3e sad nlk with ese; the viols tss is vans cpc« the kiU. Coast deer Cb«sj&. it a the d&r; when SssHibeq cied—repeatftcs—wtat tetter ewsii we wssfe * Wfau pttts keasac cteii bttf bees bestowed sfoa him t'-d cp<-e ts th- ts * trae rtpettance tei to dse? Ob 1 cszz knxkt, Set a vt± uc tele oi these UtsBnp w dies bote bees i&owered; epos 07 tx*dsaerruic bead* TEE DH 