CHARLEY'S FIDDLE. Hy Hoheiit C. MiSYEBS. It is no umttor to what army, North or Sou*>h, the drummer-boy belonged. ^ Young he wus, his fair skin tannod by the grim old sun, Ins blue oybs shining out, like very forget-me nots, in the dull, dark surroundings. They said of him in camp that ho was a boy, mul suroly they treated him, in tlicir rough way, Uko a child... .. Sunburnt men. called him ‘ Charloy ;* talked with him; snoko" of scenes far away, where those with whom tlieso sun* burnt men loved more than anything else in tho world lived; and Charley listened to them, and heard what was never *tohl to older, less un sophisticated companions, for somehow hia young face and light, cheerful laugh appealed to those men, and made them confide m him. There was oven a rumour that bandy Green, the tall, awkward widower from tho frontier, had told Charley about his own young days, ami made tho boy*« blue eyes brim over at some little touch of sentiment. You may, perlmpsi, say that thero is no time, no place for sentiment among big, brawny men , prepared lor and experienced m war. It is not so. Aroundcaiup-hres, in dim places at night, when tho tramp, tramp, trump of the sentay seems ghostly, and dreary, and full of dire warning, there are tales of love, and sorrow, and lo.->s, and hope remembered and told to listening ears that hear these faintest whispers us greedily as they do the awful, death-deliver ing sound of cannon, or swift whistle of tno ritlc-hiill. Thus was Charier, tho drummer-hoy. a cyclopedia of the gentler thoughts or tho soldiers about him. Often in tho dusk of evening, when the nun were loitering about tho camp, and tho kindly staid tfero peeping faintly out above the white j tents, there would come a little, wailing sound I on tho breejto. and tho 1Utenure would stop in their game at cards, or their wild talk, smile, maybe, a little, ami say, * That's Charley’s And did any one take tho trouble to look for tho boy, he might bo seen perched up on a lodge of jock, or sitting flat on the ground, his ciun pre5.$ed down, and his bow in his hami, scraping dolefully out of liis shabby violin alt tho old, old tunes ho remembered, and some of tho newer ones made for the war, and even some silly, love-lorn ditty, which lmd come by a devious way and a fearful mischance into camp. So, here among the purple shadows, when tin* fire oil tho mitpo3ts shimmered, and there was a strange quiet around, while tho crickets chirped, Charley would play tho tunes of peace and happiness, the same as miles away they were being played and sung by laughing, care less people m tho crowded cities, filled with tho rumours of war, not understood, but appro But Charley had never been in an engage moat us yet, and tho men said, 4 Don’t ho &o; uuxious, boy ; it’ll all come soon enough !’ Ami it dill come soon enough for him. Charley wrote to his aunt’that camp-life was just the tiling for him, only it was too monotonous, • Ifa also told tho boys that his aunt was tho only relative ho had in tho world, and that she wus'n queer old woman, strong of * wfir luiff <0m}»or, ‘ nn>i that who was * mortal angry with him’ for going away from her—• for, somehow or other, ho guessed sliu 4 sort o’ liked him.’ That was all ho told thorn, and they got quite a joke up iihmifc • Aunt Toddyami often spoke of her to Charley, and told him, when they saw him writing, to be sure and send much of their love to her.’ 4 You don’t kno w her,’said Charley. ;oryoti wouldn’t make so light of it. Way. she ia»uhl take any of you singl -handed, mul you’d never know wlmt hurt you.* Aiul so lie wrote often and often to her. But Charley's fiddle ! Well, it seemed part of l«m. He loved it! He level the miserable jittlotuiiSH he could play on it: lie loved to sit down anywhere, mul at any t m?, and strike up one of those little tunes, *u»d niay, and play, and play, till it was a wonder "how much cndurancu catgut bus, not to mention human fingers ami patience, lie would pat his fiddle utmost ns though it were a little child, and his blue eyes would Hash ns his hand swejit over the strings. An l the time went on : and in t he intervals of Charley’s drum-taps his Ihldlo took it up. The day canto when thorn wero preparations for a battle going on: tho enemy were sur rounding them; and Charloy was glad, hut There was less time for fun in camp now, and jacket duty was not sentimental any more—ex cept that it was tragic. Two men had hi sen picked off by scouts, and tho grim faces of tho boys looked death when they heard. Yet one pleasant, cool night, while tho long, white streets of the camp glistened in the moon light, and it wna not yet time for tho moil to turn in, Charley was* soon by Sandy Green busily writing a letter on his drum-head. 4 For Aunt Ted, Charley V asked Sandy Green,, And the boy nodded, and laughed. Then tho old mau stood tliero watching him for a long time. He saw tho pleasant, brown faru, with tho blue eyes bent over tho writing— and ho was a rough, a very rough nmn, mind you 1—a tall, ungainly, red-haired backwoods man, older than midillo life, too; and one to whom trouble was no account, because it must be surmounted. And yet ho stood hero, iu the early moonlight, watching tlio drummorboy writing a letter to tin old woman. Charley looked up wlion ho had finished. 4l£o, Bandy! you there yet!’ mud ho. Then ho folded tho lottor, uml directed it. * Sand}', I’ll give it to you to sou posted for mo. 'Will you do it ? You’vogot moro chances thnn I have.’ So Sandy took tholetter, audaauI,aB ho turned to Charloy: ‘ Do you know, hoy, that we oxpcct a scrhnmtigo to-morrow Yos, Charloy knew it, nnd ho was glad. 116 got Sandy Green to tell him nil over ngain about tho battles that had been fought boforo; ho listened, nnd was bright and chirpy oyer tho stories; nnd tho older man warmed with his subject, watched tho light in tho boy’s oycs,aud ended by patting him on tho back ‘VAn’ll rni Yourlf do, Charley !’ he said. * And now give us n tune, for who knows—well, give us a So Clinrloy brought his ‘ fiddle, and Bat ylowp. on the side of his drum; and Sandy laid his sprawling length on the ground, Iub head onliis hand. Then a tuno, light and gay, went forth from the little fiddle l Arid tho tuno went ou and on, till tho stars blinked, and grow brighter; and all at oneo Sandy Bind: * Say, Charley! Give us tho song you played lost night.’ There was a slight pause, and thou quiotly, plaintively ou tho pleasant air cstmo tho old tuno of ‘Horne, Sweet Home,’ softly and slowly played, filling’ tlio air around, and touching with kind fingers the hearts of tho listeners. Tho boy’s head dropped over his fiddlo as ho sat there balnnced oil tlio drum, nnd Sandy Green’s hand wus pressed hard into his head. And tho tuno wont ou and on, and tho stars sparkled, tho crickets chirped peucofully, whcib all at once, abuglo sounded, a confused noise was borne to them. Sandy was on hia foot, Charloy’a drum was in liia hand—and tho ouemy was oil thorn /!, , Wbo"cah toll of :the' dreary surprise,-"of tfie terrible fight of that night, carried far into tho hoautiful morning, when innocent daisies woro rod and horrible to look at, and the leaves of trees wero blackened and scorched by powder ? Who can tell of tho wild, smirched faces, clutching tho grass; tho soileclaud torn clothing pierced with a little now hole,' whonco lifo had buttered out? Long into the day it lasted; nnd there woro no more birds’ songs head. The whito streets of tho camp woro gone, and a con fused mass of men, some wounded, and allhittor, wero hero instead. And the fight had ended, tho enemy had disappeared, and these men woro —victorious. Throughout tho fight they all romoraberod^ to havo heard the drum. Thovremembered seeing young Charloy batless, his lithe, boyish form in the thickest of the light, for thoro had been sum]l ordor—it could not bo otherwise. And Homo of thorn said ho had boon seen with a musket in his baud, loading and firing, brave and soldierly. But now there was a silence ; these were not icsc men stood up to anew their names. There wero many gaps in tho roll—many men who would auswor to but ono roll-call mere—the mighty Roll of the Last. And when Charley’s name was called thoro was no response; and many eyes turned to other eyes in mu to inquiry. So ou the roll went; and at last Sandy Green’s name was called—no auswor. Again it was called, and then—then Sandy Green’s voice answered from faraway, and they saw him coming, limping up the hill,'Charley ou his shoulders, white and wild, Tho men cheered—yes, they did— they cheered 1 Amt Sandy stood in tho midst of them, his leg wounded by a ball, and told how ho had boon found by Charley wheu u bayonet was going to mako. an endol him, but that Charley had used his own bayonet to dreadful purpose, and Sandy had been saved. But, strango to say, the boy had not seemed to recognise him. ’ .Sandy had taken him on his shoulder, for the boy had grown faint and whito, hud called his name; hut a blank look i was all the reply ho had received. Charley’s : mind had stopped. Thcro ho was, looking at tho men, n smile on !:ia face, but an unmeaning light m his blue eyes. They looked at him, thoy shook him by tho hand; hut ho said nothing—ho recognised no The surgeon came, aud shook ha, head. * Fright!’ ho said. But bandy Green cried: ‘ It’s a lie, togging your purdon Tho boy wasn't frightened,’ For all that, it undo smalt difference to Charley. Duy by day, as this portion of the army made entrenchments where thoy wero, and .prepared lor winter quarters, for thiB point must bo guaided, Charley loitered about tlio hospital, not tick, not ailing, but with his mind clouded. One of tho boys had hunted for his fiddlo, but only tlio fragments and tho strings wero left,' and these Sandy Green hud taken charge of, us ho lay in his cot; for, said ho, * Tho sight of these things might make tho hoy worse.’ The surgeons studied the case. It was new to them; a lino opportunity for experiment; and experiment thoy did. and made nothing of it. Arid still Charley smiled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no ono, speaking to no one, riiissing nothing he had before known, Tlio moil, when they mot him, called out, ‘Hi, Charley!’ and he seemed to ho pleased at that —nothing more. Often they would look at him, speak of him. for you see thoy had all so liked him. And Bandy Groan was grieved at heart, though his manner was as gruff and rude us i After a while tho surgeons came to a strango conclusion. They said that the life of Charloy, from the first imrpri-e on that eventful evening that night when ho hud seen a fight, wus a blank. They said there was no bridge to con nect tlio time before and the time after that terrible experience. They cited vast authorities, uml contused themselves about them, and so far confused Sandy Green, who wus hobbling about, that the rough man looked on Charloy oh though ho wero a ghost. One day Sandy Green, feeling in bis pocket, found the letter which Charley had written to Aunt Teddy, and which had novel* been posted, aud hud been forgotten over since. At sight of it, he went for paper and pencil immediately. I’imt night he Told tho buys he had written to Ohurloy'H aunt, getting the direction from Charley’s unposted loti or. ‘ Aunt Teddy's coming to camp, hoys,* said some of them, in mint nuxembVuiice of their old humour, over Charley’s relative. 1 Sandy Green has written to her, telling her nil about the boy,’ Lo 1 !o ! A few days u gaunt and grim, dranoi pouvancein tho hospital Morgan: nnd in less fh <r all over that Charley *6 Aunt Teddy hud come. All who could sauntered past the window, just to peep ut her. But they did not go twice, for her fierce look was something dreadful; and it was u very where at once. Thoy were afraid of hot. Tho might face tho enemy, but Aunt Toddy was something moro. Ami Charley ? Shu just went up to the poor lad, and took his face‘hot ween her two bony hands. 4 Charley 1* she said. And he turned his minting, meaningless face to her, and laughed low, aud di«l not know her. Shu sat ipuotly down, uml rocked herself to r, a tall apparition, i grey, made its ap sking for Charley ami fro, bio? Aunt Teddy* coin’d do nothin] oithor. . * So tlio’days wove ou, nnd some of the boys saw her sitting beside Charley, hnldiii" his hand in hers, and looking fiercely about her like a lioness guarding her young. She would not havo him stir from her, aud ho seemed perfectly contented to>h\c her. And when the men saw her silling there, fierce and on guard, holding the boy’s hand in her own. nml lie smiling and lmppy’.looking, they felt a lump in thuir throats : and * they real meted Aunt Teddy more th, hail cried over him, calling him loviti; for thov saw stvougth tore, like their own— strength of protection. And, do you know, it was said that when Bandy Green saw tor coming in that day. he hobbled out as last as ho could, and with a whitu face ; and ho would not go near her when she asked for tho man who had written her about Charloy. Hu, too, wan afraid of her— the gaunt, grim apparition. To the doctors she was a little more con ciUutiug: mul. although she told them they did not know their husinys'i. yet, when one of them leaned down, and tried to take Charley’s hand from hers to give it a friendly shako she said: ‘ Don’t, please! I want to hold him to me, for lie’s all I’ve got.’ Aud the doctor could not holp grasping hers, with a great choke in his • If we could u waken Charley to some memory of the past.’Hiid this doctor to her one day— * if wo could bring him back to tho day before the tight—if he could recognise something he had known then, we might save him, perhaps,* ‘I’m not u rich woman.* was the reply, 4 but I’ll write this instance to my agent to sell my house. And that money-all I havo in tho world—I’ll give to the man who brings my boy bade to me.’ i duly reported about camp—all And it was told to Sandy Green, He shook his head gruffly, iddlo of the night Sandy Green rose up like one possessed, and, searched around, and found an old, fiat cigar-box. All the next duy ho worked at tho to?:, worked mysteriously, and kept lookers- on away. For two days ho scraped at it. On tho third Charloy was to go away with his aunt, for she had determined to take him home. Now tins this and more, among others. On this last ovcning Sandy Green was seen 1 lurking about tbo hospital; and once, wheu Aunt Teddy rose and went to sco about some final preparations tor departure, ho darted in, caught Charley by the hand, and limping swiftly away with him, look him to a knoll tar on-— took him to a drum laid sidmviso on the ground, and seating him thoro, pulled out a cigar-box, shaped rudely like a violin, tbo strings of Cliarloy’s own loot instrument stretched upon it. Then ho brought out a rough bow, Charley sat down there, and smiled vaguely up at the sky. Sandy drew the bow across the strings, but boforo ho could repeat it, a rustling noiso was heard, and there was Aunt Toddy, frightened out of her wits at missing Charley, and she was folio wod by half the boys, the two surgeons among them. Sandy Groen ruisod hia hand to warn thorn. They stopped, motionless. Then slowly, hUxmoualy, out on the pleasant eveumg air catrio (ho old tuno of 1 Homo, Sweet Home', rudely and brokenly played; but thoro. it waa —there it was! ... ,*'* ' , ■ - ... The smile ou Charley’s face faded out, like the light of tho vjnis fatuus. A startled ex pression came instead: ho leaned forward—he Tho boys pressed closer and closer, Sandy Green’s fingers trembled so that he could scarcely hold tho impromptu fiddle. All at once, all at once, two tears rolled down Charley’s face; ho started up, looked confusedly about him, opened his lips. * Aunt Teddy!* he cried. ... Hu was saved. His’auut was kneeling at ms feet, hugging his knees, crying wildly. Tho boys stood there, a glitter in their eyes, until tho two doctors went up to Sandy Green, and shook him by tho hand, for ho had done more than they could do, and thoyowuedto.it. Than thoy all, every man of them, wont up do /■, Sandy, and wrung hia hand. ;:He uajd. let^the . was seamed was seamed with tears. . ,. . ; Here!—somebody lead mo to Sandy Green! cried a voice, the voice of Charley’s aunt; * for I can’t sco, I’m crying so hard; and my legs are clean gono from mo !* . And Aunt Teddy was marched up to him, but not boforo Charloy had caught both Sandys hands in his. And what did Aunt Teddy do V She j ust throw her aims around Sandy Green’s neck, and gave him a sounding kiss, before all tho boys too ! And from a score of strong throats came a Cr^Threo cheers for Sandy Green—and a tiger 1’ And she shook hands with them, every one. Aunt Toddy did not have to sell her house, as a reward for ‘any one who could save her 'Jho cigar-box fiddle may still be soeu there— and often w seen there by Sandy Green and others—and it is christened * OtfAitLEY’s Fiddle,’— Weekly fimlyet. 