The Brisbane Courier FRIDAY, JANUARY I8, 1889. TnK Dibbs Ministry was sworn in yeafer day, and the N« w South "Wales Pailiamenl waa prorogued uutil the 29th instaut. The ceremony was, however, scarcely com- pleted when Mr. Dibbs applied to his Excel- lency Lord Carrington for a dissolution, which was granted. It is unfortunate for Mr. Dibbs and his colleagues that even before being sworn in they should have met with a practical defeat. Politics, indeed, in the mother-colony are in a hopeless muddle There are leadera with followers who will not follow ; and theie uie leaders with a following weak in num- bers and strong in vituppration. It is all very well for Sir Henry Parkes to say that the opposition to him was personal, and that there was nothing for him but to bow before it and rotire. That, however, was no reason why he should have sold his party through pique, and by his action handed over the position of advantage even for a brief period to the enemy. True it may be that, in ability, he over- shadows his late colleagues, and that some of these even fail to command much confidence on the part of their political friends. But fairly safe government has ere now been carried on in constitutional countries by a Ministry of mediocrities, and it ought to have 'bet-n evident that a Pro- tectionist adminjstration is an impossibility with a free-trade .owjoiity in the popular Assembly. Sir Óenry Parkes courted defeat in a House so thin that less than half the members were present, and it is not surprising that the free-trade party which bore him to power two years ago on the ground swell of the reaction against the Protectionist tendencies of the Jennings Ministry should have felt sore over his precipitate action. Nor did Sir Henry Parkes improve bia position by attacking Mr. Want for retreat- ing from the logical effects of his motion which secured the defeat of the h>te Premier. Mr. "Want may have missed a great occasion for stepping into the front rank of legitimate politicians, but he was entitled to decline the responsibility of forming a Ministry when Sir Henry Parkes had deliberately sought his own overthrow. Mr. Want knew he could not com- mand a majority in the /issembly, and if Sir Henry had got out of touch or sympathy with his erstwhile political sup- porters he had the opportunity of advising the Governor to grant a dissolution or of gracefully retiring in favour of some mem- ber of the majority who could bind the disintegrating forres and afford counsels to his Excellency on the lines dictated by the country at the general election two years ago. Sir Henry, however, chose to play the part of Mr. Sulky and refused to advise the Governor as to whom he should summon to his aid. Lord Carrington could do nothing else from a purely constitutional point of view than to ask Mr. Dibb3, the re- cognised Leader of the Opposition, to form a Ministry, and in that, as is notorious, Mr. Dibbs was, after much negotiation, suc- cessful. But the difficulty of the situation, a3 has been well pointed out by the Sydney Morn- ing Herald, is that the new Cabinet has been practically forced into office under cir- cumstances which offer ita members even less chance of governing the country con- stitutionally with the present Assembly than their predecessors. On matters of State policy Sir Henry Parkes and his administration had, so long as they were personally popular, at least a majority eager to support that policy. The new Government, even with the aid of some of the outgoing Ministry, were in a hopeless minority, and there seemed not the slightest possibility of their being able to carry on the business of the great colony with tho ghost of success. In order to enable the new Ministers to accept oui ce and seek re-election, an adjournment of the Assembly waa necessary. Before that, however, a temporary Supply Bill had to be passed, so au to main- tain the administrative services of the country. Under such circumstancas it is the etiquette and the practico of the retiring Ministry to move and push through the Supply Bill. Accordingly Sir Henry Parkes's Treasurer, Mr. Burns, moved on Wednesday the suspension of the Standing Orders with the view of passing a Supply Bill through all its stages in one sitting. It must be remembered that considerable progress had already been made by the Parkes Ministry with the consideration of the Estimates. Here was the oppor- tunity for the Free-traders, who re- sented the promotion of a protec- tionist Ministry to the Treasury benches. Mr. Wm. M'Millau, the representative of East Sydney, a new member, but au ardent Free-trader and a vigorous speaker, was put up to move an amendment, which had been drawn at a previous caucus meeting with great skill. It took the shape of an address to the Governor, setting forth the dangers arising from the exercise of Ministerial authority by a Cabinet not possessing the coufldonce of the House. Of the soundness of this position there can be no question, albeit Sir Henry Parkes is re- ported to have said that there were instances of politicians taking office with a minority, and translating that minority into a majority, Undoubtedly such instances are not un- known to history, but the record of the business of Parliaments in that position is in no sense satisfactory. On the con- trary, it has been essentially bad, and in- variably to the arrest of sound democratic principles. Mr. M'Millan's address further stated that while the Assembly was willing to grant Supply in the regu- lar way by an Appropiiation Bill it viewed with great alarm the prospect of iutroduciug the demoralising practice of passing monthly Supply Bills-sentiments with which we can fiud no fault, since we have urged them on the earnest attention of our own Parliamentarians. The address went on to represent that the delay ia bringing the finances of the colony into order, and in passing works sanctioned by the Public Works Standing Committee, would unsettle commerce and cieate dis- tress among the working classes ; and it urged that a Ministry possessing the confi- dence ot the majority of the House and of the electors could be readily formed from among the free-traders iu the Assembly. Into the debate on this for- midable indictment of the Ministry not then sworn in and the Ministry then per- forming its coup de grace there was imported all sorts of side issues, and it goes without .saying that there occurred several of those disgraceful scenes for which the existing Parliament of New South Wales has become notorious. The Standing Orders were not suspended, the Supply Bill was not passed, and the address to the Governor was carried by a majority of 41 to 38. A Government which had loen condpmned before it took office for- mally, which was refused money to carry on the ordinary business of the country, could not stand ; and it was astounding that its members should, after the fiasco of Wednesday night, have allowed themselves to be sworn in and then have coolly asked for a dissolution. The course adopted is as extraordinary as has ever happened in the history of re- presentative government. It is said that the dissolution will take effect on Monday, and that the writs are being prepared. Meantime the Piee Trade party are organising their forces, and that the Pro- tectionists are equally busy in select- ing good candidates. An appeal to the people of New South Wales may result in the return of a Parliament which will respect itself, and the rejection of members who havo disgraced represen- tative institutions. It will certainly clear the political atmosphere, and settle the issue between the assumptions of clamant Protectionists and a continuance of the traditional free-trade policy of the colony. Whether in the troubling of the waters Sir Henry Parkes will again come to the surface, or Mr. Dibbs, so recentlj converted to the shibboleths of protection, will appear the triumphant leader of a consolidated party remains to be seen. It seems that the scheme for supplying the locomotives required for the Queensland railway service by local manufacturers, baa, if not broken down, at least not come up to sanguine expectations. Although, in order to give time to the suc- cessful local tenderers to bring the neets sary plant together, the late Minister for Railways, Mr. Miles, stipulated thit the first of the engines should not be delivered until two years after the signing of the cou tiact, or in November next, it waa hopod-that somo of tltem would be completed earlier than that elate. The difficulties in the way of staiting a new manufactory, however, proved greater than was anticipated, and no doubt the mistakes made in regard to an order on English founders for certain details of the engines, to which reference was made on more than one occasion in the last session of Parliament, contributed to the delay in the completion of the Government order, which it now turns out cannot be accom- plished under contract time. In the mean- while the necessities of the department and the rapidopeningof many additional miles of railway both south and north compelled the Government to give the go-by for the moment to local enterprise. The first question to be considered by the Cabinet was whether, for the new engines which were imperatively demanded for the traffic, tenders should be called in Great Bl itain only, or from a wider field. It was, we understand, felt that to go out of England, whence we derive the capital for our loan expenditure, would be, to say the least, ungracious, and when the Agent-General was cabled to seek offers for the building of fifteen locomotives for slow goods traffic he was instructed to limit the tenders to British manufacturers. It is alleged that nothing has been lost by this, and that a tender for the number of engines requiied has been received from Messrs. Nasmyth, Wilson, and Co., of Man- chester, at the satisfactory low figure of £1599 for each engine. Five of these en- gine?, which are much wanted for the ¡Southern and "Western line and its branches, are to be delivered in London in four months from date, and the remainder, for the Central and Northern lines, in four months afterwards. It is not, we believe, intended to depart from the policy of en- couraging local manufacture of railway engines. The present case is exceptional, and engineers who are capable of building locomotives to suit the requirements of the department at a fair margin beyond English prices will have every opportunity in futuro of offering for the work. The result will probably bo that, as in the case of railway waggons and carriages, the majority of our locomotives will be built in the colony, and the iron industry to that extent encouraged. The public is indebted to the Eev James Ewen for bringing the matter of funeral expenses before the hat meeting of the Brisbane Piesbytery The particular point, indeed, to which he drew attention, that of charges made by the clergy, may not be of gieat importance in itself, but it is another of the many itraws-some of them of bamboo thickness-laid at a most trying moment on the camel s back , and it cinnot be denied that it is of a kind peculiarly unseasonable The labourer, of course, clencal 01 othei, is worthy of his hue , abstiactly, the officiating parson is as much entitled to payment of his little bill as the oihciatmg undertaker But it is a degrada- tion of sacied things, which even the most callous must feel, that at the moment when most of all a ministei is looked to for con- solation and spiritual support, he should ex- tend his hand for the compensatory fee We had imagined that the cleiical salary or sti- pend w as meant to cover the whole lound of spiritual functions , ind it strikes us that, if fees aie to be taken it funeials, they should bo taken also at sick \isi*s, they should be taken foi prayeia as well as for «ornions , and the parson, instead of giving his whole mind, piesumably set fiee from caie by an assured yeaily income, to Ins sacred duties for the people's sake, must gi ub along day by d ty like any huckster foi the sake of filling Ins pocket We aie glad to learn, fiom the îeiuaiks mado at the piesbyteiy meeting îeferred to, that the miniñters of the Presbytenan Church stand fiee fiom any complicity with this mean- ness , and we should like much to hear other denominations puige themselves m the same way Even sacei dotal churches, such as the Eoman Catholic, and a section of the Church of Englaud, should leai n that it is not to then honour that fees should be taken foi the perfoimance of spiritual functions On then own assump- tion, that the presence and olhce of the puest confeis a grace on the îecipient, is theie not some savour of the old simony in the idea th it this " gift of God" is to be purchased with money? And since there ue no longei heie, as in England, matenal pnvileges conferí ed by the Church, which long held the place of landlord of the chui ch }aid, surely there should be no longer asked a material íeturn The whole question of expenses incidental to funerals is \ exatious Expense of some kind thero alwajs, must be , but thei e is loud demand foi the reform, in traditional habit and needless woe trap pmgs, which shall reduce it to the lowest point And it will be a pity and a scandal if, when the people waken np on this ques- tion, judgment should have to begtu at the house of God TnE list of fire3 for the week is an un- usually large one, and people are growing so accustomed to hearing alarms of lire rung out that the tolling creates no interest ex- cept among those whose immediate duty it is to b8 on the scene at each successive out- break. Our firemen are overworked, and our insurance companies are losing heavily, and yet with all the apparent necessity for vigorously attempting to cope with this important question we are doing little more than trying to perfect our methods of ex- tinguishing actual conflagrations. This policy follows too much on the lines of the proverbial foolishness of locking the stable door after the steed has been stolen to be entirely satisfactory. Without a doubt many of the losses we suffer from fire are not due to spontaneous or accidental causes, and it is this fact that we should keep in mind in future procedure, or if need be in future legislation. As matters now stand, unless a case is clearly surrounded by suspicious circum- stances, or unless some appeal for an inquiry is made, nothing remains to be done when u fire has been put out but for the insuring company to harid over its cheque for the amount of estimated damage. Com- panies themselves naturally hesitate to insist upon an investigation through fear of prejudicing their reputations for prompt secclements, and it clearly is not fair to rely upon them for the institution of the careful inquiry which should, we consider, be held as to the cause of every fire, no matter bow trivial or apparently accidental it may be. The invariable inquest which follows a fire in Adelaide has done much to reduce in that city the number of apparently ine_p!i cable outbreaks, and it is surprising that we have not long ago adopted such an obvious means of rendering arson more dangerous, and its fruits, therefore, less frequent. Many an observer of suspicious circum- stances withholds b13 evidence after the burning of a building, whereas, were In compelled to disclose what he had seen before a magistrate appointed to thoroughly sift and examine all the statements and witnesses available, much might be brought to light that can only be guessed at. under our present want of system. Quite an exodus of Cabinet Ministers will take place next week. The Hon. J. M. Macrossan leaves for the South by Monday night's overland mail, to join Sir S. W. Griffith in the representation of the colony at the Inter colonial Conference in Hobart. The Hon. J. Donaldson, as already stated, will start for Melbourne on Tuesday next. On the same day the Hon. M. H. Black will leave for his promised visit to the Darling Downs. The principal object of this journey is, it is under- stood, to examine the town commons at Too- woomba, Warwick, and elsewhere, with a view to throwing some portion open. It will be remembered that Mr. P. M'Lean, in his report on viticulture, pointed out that 10,000 acres of the Warwick common might with advantage be cut up into 80-acre farms for village settle- ment, which, would be likely to afford great en- couragement to the vine-growing industry in the district. It is not improbable that the Hon. H. M Nelson will accompany Mr. Black in his visit to the Downs. The large number of fires which within the last few weeks have taken place in Brisbane have directed the attention of the representa- tives of the various insurance companies to the necessity of some action being taken for the protection of their offices. At a meeting of these gentlemen held yesterday afternoon it was resolved to offer a reward for the convic- tion of any person guilty of incendiarism. A committee consisting of Messrs. W. AT. Lloyd E. J. White, W. H. Richardson, and C. J Trundle were appointed to interview the Chief Secretary to ask the Government to offer a reward of a similar sum for this purpose. When tenders were called for the con- struction of a number of locomotives in Brisbane, it was recognised that in order to get the necessary plant together the manufacturers would require a much longer time than would be necessary to do the work, and by the terms of the contract they are not bound to supply tho first of the engines until November next, 01 two years from the date of signing1 the con- tract. It was at one time thought that some of the locomotives might bo ready at an earliei date, hut as time went on it became evident, we believe, that the full contract time would be needed. Meantime the officers in charge of the different railway lines inado strong representa- tions to the effect that the traffic would necessitate the, purchase of additional hauling power before tho Queensland-built engines could bo roady. Tho matter was duly considered in Cabinet, and eventually it wat decided to cable to England inviting offert from British mauinaeturers only for the supply of fifteen locomotivos suitable for slow good* traffic, and very similar in general design to what are known as Class F on the Queensland railways, but with loin, cylinders and 3Gin. driving wheels. Yesterday the department re- ceived a cablegram from the Agent-General'e Office, notifying that they had accepted the tender of Messrs. Nasmyth, Wilson, and Co., Manchester, at £1599 for each engine. Five are to be delivered f.o.b. iu London in fcui months from date, and the remainder foul months afterwards. The same firm have pre- viously supplied locomotives for the Queensland railways, and the price quoted is regarded at remarkably low. The engines upon arrival will be placed on the Southern and Westen: and Central railways, and probably two oi three will bo sent to lines further North. The Australian Eleven are to arrive by train this morning, and having passed two nights travelling will doubtless be glad of a few hours' rest before the match, which commences at noon. The formal welcoming of the visitors is to take place on the ground just before the match and before the arrival of the general public. Yesterday several of the members of the Brisbane Club team, who live at a distance, arrived by steamer and were busy practising at the Exhibition ground all the afternoon. The general batting form displayed was considered very good, the hitting of Messrs. Rice and Maurice Jones being specially brilliant ; but decidedly the most noticeable feature of the afternoon's play was the bowling of Mr. Lewis, a player from Maryborough, who is a most effective and dangerous bowler. Messrs. Ram- say and Crane were expected down from Too- woomba by the late train last night, and the Ipswich players by early train this morning. The team as finally selected is the same as that mentioned by us yesterday, except that Mr. Hugonin and Dr. Hartley stand out, the latter being precluded from attending by professional engagements. Messrs. Adolph Feez and Bateson are emergency men. Dr. Owens umpires for the Australian eleven, and Dr. Paul undertakes similar duties for the Brisbane Club. Messrs. Downes and Calloway who are coming from Sydney to play for the Brisbane Club, were to accompany the eleven. As will be seen by an advertisement on our front page members of the local team are re- quested to be on the ground a little before 12 o'clock. For those who would like a little praotice before the match nets will be pitched and bowlers in attendance. The ground should play very well as it is in splendid order. Yes- terday it was a trifle wet on the wicket, having been heavily watered the previous night, but as it was not to be watered again and will be well rolled early this morning it should be in perfect condition. By an inadvertence Bonnor's name was yesterday included in the team ; it will be remembered that he remained in England. Play is to continue till 6 o'clock each evening. We understand that the Australian Eleven have received an invitation to attend the Gaiety Theatre this evening. Information of a fire in the direction of James-street, Fortitude Valley, was received at the Central Fire Station by telephone, at 3 p.m. yesterday, from the Valley branch station. The bell was rung, and Superintendent Hinton and several members of the brigade at once proceeded with a horse reel in the direction indicated. "When on the Bulimba-road, half-way between Ann street and the ferry, they discovered that the smoke was in the Bulimba district, and ap- parently arose from a bush fire a considerable distance beyond the soap and candle works. The Valley brigade also turned out with the hand reel. The firemen, on finding that the fire was so far away, returned to their stations. A few minutes after the firemen had left for Fortitude Valley, Mr. Horwood, secretary to the Phoenix and Straits Insurance Companies, tele- phoned to the central station that a fire had broken out among the débris of Messrs. D. L. Brown's old premises. Three members of the brigade proceeded to the spot with a hand reel without delay, and after extinguishing the flames they thoroughly saturated the remainder of the débris, which consists chiefly of rags and paper. At the time when this fire broke out the contractor's men were busy pulling down the old walls. Very great dissatisfaction has been felt by wool exhibitors and all connected by tho tardy and unbusinesslike manner is which affairs in connection with the Inter- national wool show are being conducted at the Melbourne Exhibition. The management in- sisted on all the fleece wool being in the show oases by 12 o'clock on 1st January, and the exhibitors expected that judging would have been commenced at latest on 2nd January. Kot so. however. The date of judging waa postponed from time to time, and on the 11th It was semi-officially announced that judging would begin on the 14 th, and would occupy over a week. On this announcement being made many exhibitors who had been anxiously waiting in Melbourne left in disgust. On behalf of Queensland exhibitors, Mi. John Fenwick, the Executive Commissioner, wrote to the committee protesting against the delay, and urging that the judging be proceeded with, but neither his efforts nor those of others met with any response. Meantime the fleece wool, ranged along the Avenue of Nations, is subject to injury from diiBt, and from rain whioh enters freely at the roofing of the avenue ; while the bale wool, which is ananged in pyramidal form in the Now South "Wales court, is totally un- protected from dust or visitois by any covering whatever. At present the wools have littlo interest to visitors, as there is nothing by which they can be identified, except the mottoes, which are known only to the exhibitors them gehos; and it will now be near upon the date Df closing the Exhibition before tho names of the prize-winners will bo officially announced. There is but one opinion on the subjeot amongst woolgrowers, and that is that such official bungling is in the highest degree discreditable to the Animal Products Committee. It is satis- factory to know that the number of entries of Queensland woola is in excess of the entries from New South Wales. In conneotion with the opening 01 the rail- way to Southport on Thursday next, 24th instant, wo learn that two trains will be run each way on that day, for which 500 free tickets will be issued. The committee at Southport, who hare undertaken arrangements for the celebration of an event of so much importance to that favourite watering place, will have the distribution of these tioketa, and will also hold a banquet on the opening day. On the 25th instant the trains will run according to the time-table recently described in fheso columns. No decision has yot been reached as to the running of excursion trains, but doubtless this is a matter which will engage the attention of the Minister before long. Some dissatisfaction has been expressed at the length of time allowed on the official time-table for the journoy between Brisbano and Southport ; but it has been pointed out to us that on a now line with curves like those of the Southport Railway, the Chief Engineer does not approve of a maximum speed exceeding 22 miles an hour, which is equal to 30 miles an hour on a straight run. It is expected that after tho line lias beon in use for a month or two the engineer will bo able to give a certificate authorising a higher rate of speed, which will enable the journey to be completed in 2h. 45min. instead of 3h. ómin. as at present. As waa stated in our last issuo the Rev. Principal M'Culloch with his family will leave for England by the Taroba on the 23rd instant. No doubt the rev. gentleman will return to Queensland, but it is not cxpeoted that he will again take up the charge of tho St. Androws congregation. Mr. "William "Widdop, tho returning-officer for the Toombul Divibional Board, at noon yesterday declared Messrs. Louis Flegeltaub and Andrew "Wagner duly elected for Bub divisions 1 and 3 respectively. Ho also fixed let February as the day of polling for sub- division 2. As has already been reported, Messrs. GeorgeB Robert and Stephon Lawrence Horman have beon nominated as candidates for this subdivision. The following passengers havo loft Plymouth per steamer for Queensland, namely:-For Brisbano : Mr. and Airs. G-. Wilson and child, Mr. and Mrs. J. Monrow and family, Mrs. Banks, Miss Morwood, Messrs. G. Price, G. Vin Davis and child, A. .Levy, Al. Davis, and H. E. Banks; for Towns»ville: Messrs. J. M'Guire and C. H. Hilton ; for Rockhampton : Miss LLUyfant ; for Maryborough.: Mr. A. Eeid. The steamer Eurimbla, which leaves Brisbane to-morrow afternoon for Rockhampton, will call at Maryborough with passengers, in addition to the usual ports, Bundaberg and Gladstone. Messrs. Win. Howard Smith and Sons, Limited, have reooived a tele gi ara from Syd- ney intimating that their steamer Burwab, from Melbourno for Rockhampton, arrived in Port Jackson on Tuesday evening in tow of tho Age. She was disabled through the piston of the high-pressure cylinder having beon damaged. . Tho necessary ropairs will cause some delay in Sydnoy. The Burwab was announced to leavo Brisbano at 0 p.m. to-day for Alaryborough and Rockhampton, but no inconvenience will result to intending passen- gers or shippers, as the Balmain, which has been laid up in port for some time, will take her place. We are informed that yesterday afternoon the Rev. E. O. Maier, Lutheran Minister, was driving in a dogcart from the Logan-road to the Ipswich-road, and while crossing a wooden bridge over a gully on the Thompson Estate was thrown from the vehicle, which was brought to a sudden standstill in consequence of the horse's feet becoming embedded in the planking of the bridge. Mr. Maier sustained a severe cut across the face, and the horse's fore legs were badly injured. The rev. gentleman left the horse and dogcart in charge of some people near the bridge and drove back to town in a cab. The wound was subsequently stitched by Dr. Bancroft, at Mr. Maier's residence, Wick- ham-terrace. In the case Lawrence v. Learmonth, heard at the Police Court yesterday, before Air. P. Pinnock, P.M., the complainant summoned the defendant under the Towns Police Act for tho unlawful detention of two boxes and their contents. The defendant, who is the keeper of a common lodging-house, registered under the Health Act, pleaded that she had a Hen on complainant's goods for money due to her by complainant for board and lodging. Air. Gore Jones, instructed by Messrs. Foxton and ' Cardew, contended on behalf of defendant that the house in question was substantially an inn ¡n the common law sense ; that the keeper of It had therefore a lien on the goods of his guest ; that the lines on which the business was con- ducted were those whioh constituted such an inn as it existed independently of the licensing laws ; and also that the fact of the house being registered under the Health Act as a common lodging- house, although immaterial in other respects, served to show the public character of the establishment, and that the true question was-What was the mode of carrying ou the business? After hearing evidence and con- sulting authorities, Mr. Pinnock agreed to state a speoial case for the consideration of the court. A meeting of ratepayers favourable to the return of Air. J. C. Moffat as alderman for the North Ward was held last night in tho pre- mises next to the Collegiate School, Leichhardt street. The attendance numbered between twenty and thirty persons. Mr. Joshua Bailey ocoupied the chair. The chairman explained tliat this was a sort of preliminary meeting lo get into harness, as it were. He trusted everyone present would do all in his power to secure the return of Mr. Moffat. In reply to Mr. E. J. Hall, the chairman Btated they might presume, in the absence of any announcement to the contrary, that the present aldermen intended to stand again. It was, however, generally agreed that a change was desirable. On the motion of Mr. T. Farry, the ratepayers present were enrolled as a committee to canvosa and to work generally to Becnre the return of Mr. Moffat. Mr. Joshua Bailey was appointed chairman of the committee, Alessrs. G. D. Izatt, T. Fárry, J. M'Keag, T. Gallagher, and T. Game, vice-chairmen : and Hr, T. W. Jeans seorotary. On the motion of Mr. Izatt, it was agreed that the chairman, vice-chair- men, and the secretary form the exeoutive committee. A'arious districts having been allotted to gentlemen present to canvass, the meeting closed. Special attention may be called to the exces- sive heat that has been experienced at Clon- curry-namely, 127deg. in the shade. The Government Moteorologist has no reason to doubt the accuracy of the record, but will employ every cheek at his command to prove, it. Windorah reports 123deg., Thargo- mindah 121deg., and Blackall llldeg., all recorded by self-registeiiug instruments examined and tested nt the Chief Bureau in Brisbane. A deputation of members of the Brisbane Fire Brigade Board, consisting of the mayor, Messrs. E. Mae Donnoll, II. Wakefield, mid E. Sayce, with Superintendent Hinton, waited upon the Hon. li. V. Morehead (Chief Secre- tary) regarding the proposal of the board to borrow money from the Government to enable them to erect a commodious stone or briok building as a central fire station on the new site granted by the Minister for Lands. Mr. Morehead said that he did not see his way to oasis,t the board with any money. The matter had received his careful considération, and he found that ho had no power to give them a loan. The fire station was, he understood, to bo removed from a second to a first-class section, but he thought that the Municipal Council would readily allow tho board to put up a woodeu building instoad of au expensive stono or brick one, as it would be in an isolated position, with no danger fiom fire. It would be an easy matter to proclaim thatpartioular bloekof laudoloarof themuuioipal by-law, if the corporation ¿hoso to do so. Even if he had the power to lend the money ho would not caro to establish s prooedont, whioh would piobably give rise to similar applications from every lurga centra of population throughout tho colony. The only thing they could do would bo to got permission from the corporation to put up a wooden building, and ho did not think they would got much assis- tance from tho insurance offices. Mr. Mac Donnell said that the board bad not oven enough monoy to erect a woodon building, and tho mayor pointed out that £150 of thoir £500 had already been spout. Ile did not know what they wore to do if thoy did not get the money. Mr. Morehead thought they might got a loan from tho Municipal Council, who could borrow the money from the Government. The mayor did not think tho council would agree to such an arrangement, as that body needed all tho money they could borrow for themselves. Mr. E. Sayce suggested that tlie brigade was entitled to the money, as it wnB doing a national work, but Mr. More- head said that the work was purely local, and that if ho had power to grant the loan, and did so, thoro would soon bo similar applications from South Brisbane, Maryborough, nnd other places. After some further discussion, Mr. Morehead again said he had not tho power to lend the monoy, and the mayor promised to bring the subject before tho Municipal Council. The ordinary monthly meeting of tho Royal Geographical Society of Australasia was held last evening in the museum library. The president, Dr. Waugh, occupied the chair, and there waa a good attendance of members. Tho following gentlemen wero oloctod as membors of the society:-The lion. W. D. Box, M.L.C., Toowong; tho Rev. W.M.Walsh, P.P., Townsvillo ; Messrs. H. S. Gannon, Goulburn, New South Wales ; R. W. Moran, P.M., Winton; J. D. MaoauBh, Can- ning Dowub; A. F. Wood, Rock- hampton; and J. W. Boys, Toowoomba. The presidont announced that Mr. Thomson, the secretary of the sooioty, had reooivod a letter from iüdinbnrgli, stating that tho council of the Royal Scottish Geographical Sooioty had unanimously awarded him (Mr. Thomson) that society's honorary diploma of fellowship. The president and membors present warmly congratulated Mr. Thomson on the distin- guished honour that had been conferred on him. A very interesting papor, ontitlod " The Colorado River of tho AVest," by Mr. H. M. Cadell, B.S.O., F.R.S.E., was road by the secretary. This was followed by a diooussion of a conversational character, in which all the speakers expressed thoir appreciation of the manner in which Mr. Cadell had troated his subject. A committeo meeting of the Brisbano Musical Union was held last night at Mr. II. J. Oxloy's office, Queen-street. Tho following gentlomon wero present :-Messrs. J. Gaxsdon (chairman), E. F. Dingle, J. M. Davidson, J. Willard, J. F. Brier, and T. N. Drano. The report of the hon. treasurer, which showed an overdraft of £59, was read, and accounts to the amount of £9 10s. 8d. wero passed for payment. The appointment of tho various officers was proceeded with, and the following gentle- men wero eleoted:-Hon. treasurer, Mr. J. M. Davidson; financial secretary, Mr. J. F. Brier ; librarian, Mr. W. D. Grimes ; pianiste, Mr. H. Attwoll ; organist, Mr. .Tames Lord ; choir- masters, Messrs. Garsdon, Wilde, and Willard; hon. associates, Messrs. M'Robbie, Kaye, Doughorty, Lord, and Attwell ; deputy con- ductor, Mr. A. S. Boan ; hon. conductor, Mr. E. F. Dinglo ; sub-committee of ladies, Mes- dames Buzacott and Reevo, with power to add to their number. It waa resolved that the re- sumption of the union's practices should take place on the first Thursday in February, and that tho first practico should take the form of a social gathoring. It was decided that the librarian should be requested to take steps to completo several of tho imperfect works at present in the librsry, and he was recommended I to send a violin part and a statement of the parts that are short to Mr. R. T. Jefferies at London, with a request that he would obtain the parts which are wanting, if possible of tho , same edition. A meeting of tho Eight-hour Anniversary Union was held at the Oxford Mubio Hall on Wednesday night. Mr. Seymour occupied tho chair. There were present Messn. Jlowarth, Pollock, Richards, Pledge, Newton, Wm. Johnson, Beith, Clements, Molloy, Bradshaw, Weymouth, Cook, M'Cosker, Colborne, Rich, Beattie, Howell, White, Ritchie, Low, Lee, Shillig, Young, Dole, Johnson, Morris, Bates, and Goodridge. The resignations of the two collectors appointed at tho last meeting of the union having been tendered and accepted, Messrs. Cook and M'Gregor were appointed in their place, and it was decided that thoy should commence collecting on Thursday, 17th instant. Good progress was made with other arrange- ments for tho 1st of March, and owing to the pressure of business tlie members decided to ' meet weekly instead of fortnightly up to that time. There is at present on view at Mr. Savage's shop, George-street, a sketch in oils of the Villa Marie, Bowen-terrace, the residence of Mr. W. G. Gray, as seen from the river. The work, which is by Miss Jones, possesses con- siderable merit, and although it is evident that the motive of the artist has been only to depict the residence, she has succeeded in producing a tolerably pleasing picture and has treated the subject in a thoroughly artistic manner. The résidence with its square tower, as seen from the water, stands on an eminence, while the steep bank is studded with leafy trees, the varying green shades of which lend a cheerful aspect to the scene. The introduction of a small steamer close to the bank and a portion of Captain Collin's wharf helps to complete the picture. The technique is fairly good, and sires the idea that by a constant study of nature Alisa Jones would succeed in producing works of no mean order. The Cabinet yesterday decided to declare the 24th instant a public holiday in the South- port district on the occasion of the opening of the railway to Southport. Tho 21th instant has been proolaimed a public holiday ia tile Toowoomba and Drayton districts on tho occasion of the holding of tho Toowoomba show. Sergeant Alex. AI'Donald wired the commis- sioner under yesterday's date from Allora thus : -"A selector named Michael Trawley was killed hero yesterday evening in bringing home a load of firewood. Ho was jammed between a tree and the load of firewood. An inquiry will bo held." Constable Chas. E. King wires tho Commis siouor for Police from Alpha thus :-" A man namod Chas. Morgan is reported to have died inystoriuosly at an out- station called Sundown, on Surbitonrun, at G o'olock yesterday morning. Deceased was a cook, and had boen suffering from a swollen leg. He was in tho employ of Mr. Boyd, of Surbiton station." The Post and Telegraph Department advise : -"Madras notifies Turkish routo temporarily interrupted for repairs." A correspondent tolegraphs from Murphy's Creek that serious apprehensions are enter- tained of the consequences of tho rninoiiB drought ou the DownB. Water is drying up everywhere. Tho crops of potatoos wUl bo lost, and the corn will be a failure unless thero is rain in a few days, The weather is very hot, with olear skios, and on Westbrook station n waterhole is dry that has never failed for forty yours. " A correspondent at Maryborough, wiring yesterday, states that the preparations for the bnuqaet to ho givon to Mr. John Annear, M.L.A., on Tuesday, aro beiug carried out on a largo scale. An attondanoo of 500 is antici- pated, and amongst tho Parliamentary speakois, in addition to tho guest, will bo Alessrs. Hodg- kinson, Hyne, Smyth, Mellor, Towera, More- ton, and Tozer. Speeches on the recent polioy of tho Government aro promised. From Alessrs. Cassell and Co.'a Molbourno manager wo havo received sovoral copies of "Letts's Diary for 1889." Thoso volumes contain, besides the blank diary pages, a number of carefully compiled and very useful referonco tables. Some of tho diaries aro prepared with a view simply for offico use, and theso can bn obrainod in a variety of sues, and in moro or loss substantial bindings. Others again aro intended for speoilio purposes, aud are neatly bouud as poekot-booka, or mado up so that thoy can bo hung on a wall and the inomorandum slips torn off day by day. The publishers havo ovidontly beou at no small pains to disoovor and supply tho requirements of all who aro likely to make uso of diaries, aud they aro to bo congratulated upon tho success of their oll'orts. Tho annual business mooting of tho Valloy Presbyterian congregation was held in tho church on Wednesday evening, Rev. J. "won in the chair. There was a gool attendance, and the various roports were of on encourag- ing character. The session clerk stated that cottage meetings wero boing hold at various points in the district by the eldors. By a otaiï of some thirty tract distributors over 19,000 "Monthly Visitors" bad been distributed during tho year. Tho attendance at public wor- ship showed u healthy and growing interest, and eighty-eight now members hud been added to tho communion roll. Reports from the Young Men's Society, tho Sunday School, und Band of Courage were all of a vory stimulating nature. Tho financial abstract for tho year showed that tho total income from all sources amounted to tho vory handsome sum of £1750, an increase of £1107 over that of last year. Theannualcongrogationalmeotingof thoMow braytown Presbyterian Church was held on Wed- nesday evening. Tho Rev. A. C. Smith presided, ond opened tho mooting with praise, prayer, and reading of Scripture. There was a con- siderable attendance of the congregation, and tho various reports for tho past year wore sub - mittod to thom. Tho communion roll coiitninod M4 names, but deaths and romovals had ro duoed these to 110. Four additional elders had been ordained during the yoar. Tho total rovenue for 18S8 amounted to ¿783 13a., boing an increase on fho preceding your of £l!)0. Of thiBsum, £430 17fl. lOd. como from church door collections, stipend fund, andscatreuts, those lust being £10 in excess of 1SS7. The remainder was derived from special oolleolions and dona- tions for missionary purposes nnd Hospital Sunday, from tho Sunday School collection)!, from * subscriptions and donations towards building the now school hall, and from a «aloof gifts held to reduce the debt on tho eliinoh, which haB happily been ofl'ootod to the ox tout of £120. Tho Sunday School, notwithhtsnding many Iossoh, had 277 on tho roll, with tvvonty fivo teachers, oxclusivo of superintendent, secretary, nnd two librarians, tho avorago attendance in tho early part of the year boing 203, and in Hie latter pnrt of ii, 230. Reports were submitted also bv tho Sunday School librarian, tho Young Men's Guild, and the Band of Courage. All present soemod to regard the roports as deeply interestine; and highly satisfactory, and it was moved F.nd carried that they be adopted and printed, Tho ohoir very materially added to the pleasure of the evening by rendering various anthems, duets, nnd solos, under tho superintendence of tho organist, Mr. Yorston. The Brisbano Grocers' Association hold thoir quarterly general meeting at thoir rooms, George and Elizabeth streets, on Wednesday evening, thero being a good attendance of members. Air. R. W. Thurlow occupied the chair. Previous to holding the general meetincr tho committee trans- acted tho portion of tho business which in eluded the examination of accounts belonging to the debt collecting department, for whi^h I cheques wero signed and ordered to be trans- mitted in tho usual way to subscribers. The i amount collected during tho month was £97 7s. Id. The secretary's report for tho past quarter was read and discussed, the principal points touched upon beinj? tho suc- cess of the association's notion this year in the abolition of Christmas gifts to customers. The members gonerally wero well satisfied with the result, and less disturbance to trade had taken place this year on account of their withdrawal. Trade on tho whole wai reported to bo satisfactory for the season. The secretary also reported being in communication with the proprietor of a journal published in the interest of tho trade in Melbourno, and a copy of the paper in ques- tion and also the correspondence arising thero from were laid on the table. Tho action of the ohairman and secretary in this matter was warmly approved of, and a wish expressed that all such matters relatingto kindred societies might be treated in a 1 ike manner. The cutting of prices and the association's circular and merchants' replies thereto wero dealt with by warmly approving of tho chairman's action. A discussion took place on the state of the funds as disclosed hythe report. In answer to ques- tions the secretary informed the meeting that his canvass amongst the trade had boon fairly successful. It was decided to increase (for a time) the commission charged by the debt collecting department, such increase to be devoted to management expenses. The ohair- man was authorised to ask the merchants to become honorary members, ¿c. Tho quostion of keeping holiday on Saturday, 2Gth instant as per proclamation, was then discussed, but the association could not seo its way to recom- mend its observance by the trade, and the secretary was ordered to advertise to this effect. Fine Irish Linen, 10x4; Table Damasks of a very superior quality are now being sold at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s. Anyone wanting really first-class tablecloths can procure them now from Finney, Isles, and Co. for the price usually paid for poor imitations oí theao rich beautiful goods.-[Anvr.^ 