THE STORY-TELLER. THE GHOST-S WAY A MUSICIAN'S STORY. (BY R.T.W. DUKE JR.) I am a leader of the orchestra in the Bijou Theatre at Pittsburg, I am nothing but a plain musician, yet I was once con- sidered a very great one. That was when I lived on Third street, in a suite of rooms so small that, my piano and bird cages left hardly room for me to turn around. They called my rooms "The Aviary" theu. Now I am well-to do—rich, in fact, for a bachelor—and I owe my riches to the strangest circumstances that ever befel a man of my prosaic nature. I am a diffident, shy man—have very few friends. Ivans, the drummer in the orchestra (Tommy, as he is usually call- ed), and Skab, the manager of the theatre, are my only intimate friends. How they came to be this little story will tell you. I had been leading the orchestra for two years, and it was on the night of October 21,188—, that I experienced a a sensation which gives existence to this narrative. I did not often use the piano before me, but this particular night we were one or two men short and needed noise. The piano and I supplied the lack in that particular. We were playing a waltz in the interval between the forth and fifth acts of a lurid melodrama, and I was banging away in tempo di valse steadily as you please, playing almost mechanically, as one is apt to play . . h- ionable waltz music. All of a sudden something—it was some- thing, and yet I cannot say what it was— took hold of my hands and dashed them violently down on the keys. It was just if some one had reached long arms around me, seized my hands and banged them on the keyboard. My hands felt numb and chill and I verily believe I should have thought myself paralyzed but for the actual sense of strong hands grasping my own, overpowering them and casting them down with a great crash of sound upon the piano. I felt a cold chill start at my toes, run up my body and go out of the tips of my hair, which bristled as if electrified. I was terribly frightened, I can tell you, and my fright grew no less as I felt cold fingers—or what seemed like cold fingers place themselves over my fingers, a cold thumb place itself over each of my thumbs and then my hands begin to move without any volition of my own. The entire or- chestra, of course stopped and stared at me. The hum of the audience hushed, and then, without will or wish of my own, guided by these cold finger tips resting on my own, my hands began to play a waltz of Glüek's—an exquisite bit of music I never could execute, but which I loved even as you love, sir or madame, the perfume of the first violet you find in the early spring. Amidst the profoundest silence, my hands guided bp this unseen agency, played this waltz with a perfection of time, an exquisiteness of touch, a thorough appreciation of its beauty, and brought out in the most subtle way meanings I never dreamed lay hidden in the score. It was as beautiful as it was awful, and even in my terror—which was something to feel not to describe—I felt that the music was rendered by something which had once been a master's soul. 