THE SWORD OF JUSTICE: d TALE OF LOVE, MYSTERY, AND CRIME. By the author of "The Leavenworth Case." BOOK V.--WOMAN:S LOTE. CHAPTER XLI.-(Continued.) With an oath and a quick backward spring, Roger Holt cried out, 'Who are you, and by what right do you come hero to reproach me with a mat ter dead and buried, by heaven, a dozen years ago ?' 'The right of one who, though a stranger, knows well what you are, and what you have done, Colonel Japha himself is dead, but the avenger of his honour yet lives! Roger Holt, where is Jacqueline J'apha ?' The force with which this was uttered seemed to confound the man. For a moment he stood silent, his eye upon his guest, then a subtle change took place *in his expression; he -smiled with a slow devilish meaning, and tossing his head with an airy gesture, lightly remarked: ' You must ask some more constant lover than I. A woman who was charming ten years ago-bah! what. would I be likely to know about her now ?' 'Everything, wheh that woman is Jacqueline Japha,'cried Mr. Sylvester, advancing upon him with a look that would have shaken most men, but which only made the eye of this one burn more eagerly. 'Though you might easily wish to give her the slip, she is not one to forget you. If she is alive, you know where she is; speak, then, and let the worth of one good action make what amends it.can for a long list of evil ones.' ' You really want to see the woman, then; enough to pay for it, I mnean ?' 'The reward,' which has ' been offered for news of the fate or where abouts of Jacqueline Japha still stands good,' was Mr. Sylvester's reply. The excited stare with which the man received this announcement slowly subsided into his former subtle look. 'Well, well,' said he, ' we will see.' The truth was, that he knew no more than the other 4shere this woman was to be found. 'If I happen to come across her in any of my undertakings, I shall know where to apply for means to make her welcome. But that is not. what at present concerns us. Your nephew is losing ground with every passing minute. In half an hour more his future will be decided, unless you bid. me order my lawyer to delay the for warding of that communic.tion to Mr. Stuyvesant. In that case-' ' I believe I have already made it plain to you that I have no intentions of interfering with your action in this matter,' quoth Mr. Sylvester, turning slowly toward the door. 'If you are determined to send your statement, it must go, only- ' And here he turned upon the bitterly-disappointed man with an aspect whose nobility the other was but little calculated to ap. preciate,' only when you do so, be par ticular to state that the person whose .story you thus forward to a director of the Madison bank is not Bertram Sylvester, the cashier, but Ed ward Sylvester, his uncle, and the bank's president.' And the stately head bowed, and the tall form was about to withdraw, when Holt, with an excited tremble that affected even his words, ad vanced and seized Mr. Sylvester by .the arm. ' His uncle!' cried he, 'why that is what, you-great heavens ! ' he ex. 'claimed, falling back with an expres. "sion not unmixed with awe, ' you are the 'man, and you have denounced . yourself !' 'Then quickly, 'Speak again; lot me hoar your voice.' And Mr. Sylvester, with a sad smile, repeated in a slow and meaning tone, 'It is but one little fuss more!' then, as the other cringed, added a dignified, 'Good evening, Mr. Holt,' and passed swiftly across the room towards the door. What was it that stopped him half way, and made him look back with such a startled glance at the man he had left behind him? A smell of smoke in the air, the faint yet unmis takable odour of burning wood, as though the house were on fire, or- Ha! the man himself has discerned it, is on his feet, is at the window, has seen what? His cry of mingled terror and dismay does not reveal. Mr. Sylvester hastens to his side. The sight which met his eyes did not for the moment seem sutficient to account for the degree of emotion ex pressed by the other To bb sure, the lofty tenement-house, which towered above them from the other side of the narrow -yard upon which the window looked, was oozing with smoke, but there were no flames visible, and as yet no special manifestations of alarm on the part of its occupants. But in an instant, even while they 'stood there, arose the sudden and awful cry of 'Fire!' 'and at the same moment they beheld the roof and case .ments before them a warm with pallid faces, as men, women, and children rushed to the first outlet that offered escape, only to shrink back in renewed terror from the deadly gulf that yawned beneath them. It was horrible, all the more that the fire seemed to be somewhere in the basement story, possibly at the foot of the stairs, for none. of the poor shrieking wretches before them seemed to make any effort to escape down wards, but rather surged up towards the top of the building, waving their arms as they fled, and filling the dusk with cries that drowned the sound of . the coming engines. The scene appeared to madden Holt. 'My boy ! my boy ! my boy !i' rose from his lips in an agonised shrik ; tlhen, as Mr. Sylvestcr gave a sudden start, cried out with indescrib able anguish, ' He is there, my boy, my own little chap! A woman in that house has bewitched him, and when he is not ,with'me he is always at her side. 0 God, curses on my head for ever letting him out of my sight! Do you see him, sir ? Look for him, I beseech you; he is lame and small; his head would barely reach to the top of the window-sill.' 'And that was your boy ?' cried Mr. Sylvester. And struck by an ap peal, which, in spite of his abhorrence of the man at his side, woke every instinct of fatherhood within him, he searched with his glance the long row of windows before them. But before his eye had travelled half-way across the building, he felt the man at his side quiver with sudden agony, and following the direction of his glance, saw a wan, little countenance looking down upon them from a window almost opposite to where they stoed. ' It is my boy !' shrieked the man, and in his madness would have leaped from the casement, if Mr. Sylvester had not prevented him. 'You will not help him so,' cried the latter. 'See, he is only a few feet above a bridge that appears to com municate with the roof of the next house. If he could be let down- ' But the man had 'already precipi tated himself towards the door of the room in which they were. ' Tell him not to jump,' he called back. ' I am going next door, and will reach him in a moment. Tell him to hold on till I come.' Mr. Sylvester at once raised his voice. 'Don't jump, little boy Holt. If there is no one there to drop you down, wait for your father. He is going on the bridge, and will catch you.' The little fellow seemed to hear, for he immediately heldout his arms, but if he spoke, his voice was drowned in the frightful hubbub. Meanwhile the smoke thickened around him, and a dull, ominous glare broke out from the midst of the building, against which his weazen little face looked pallid as death. 'His father will be too late,' groaned Mr. Sylvester, feeling him self =somehow to blame for the child's horrible situation ; then ob serving that the other occupants of the building had all disappeared to wards the front, realised that what ever fire-escapes may have been pro. vided, were doubtless in that direc tion, and raising his voice once more, called out across the yard, 'Don't wait any longer, little fellow; follow the rest to the front; you will be burned if you stay there.' ' But the child did not move, only held out his arms in a way to unman the strongest heart; and presently, while Mr. Sylvester was asking him self what could be done, he heard his shrill, piping tones rising above the hiss of the flames, and listening, caught the words : ' I cannot get away. She is hold ing me, dad. Help your little feller; help me,-I'm so afraid of being burnt.' And looking closer, Mr. Sylvester dis cerned the outlines of a woman's head and shoulders above the small white face. A distinct and positive fear at once seized lim. Leaning out, the better to display his own face and figure, he called to that unknown woman to quit her hold, and let the child go; but a discordant laugh, rising above the roar of the approaching flames, was his only reply. Sickened with appre hension, ne drew back, and himself made for the stairs in the wild idea of finding the father. But just then the mad figure of Holt appeared at the door, with frenzy in all his looks. ' I cannot push through the crowd,' cried he. ' I have fought and strug gled and shrieked, but it is all of no use. My boy is burning alive, and I cannot reach him.' A lurid flame shot at that moment from the build ing before.them, as if in emphasis to his words. ' He is prisoned there by a woman,' cried Mr. Sylvester, pointing to the figure whose distorted outlines were every moment becoming more and more visible in the increasing glare. 'See, she has him tight in her arms, and is pressing him against the win dow-sill.' The man, with a terrible recoil, looked in the direction of his child, saw the little white face with its wild expression of conscious terror, saw the face of her who towered implacably behind it, and shrieked appalled. 'Jacqueline !' he cried, and put his hands up before his face as if his eyes had fallen upon an avenging spirit. 'Is that Jacquelino Japha,' asked Mr. Sylvester, dragging down the other's hands, and pointing relentlessly towards the ominous figure in the window before him. 'Yes, or her ghost,' cried the other, shuddering under a horror that left him little control of his reason. 'Then your boy is lost,' murmured Mr. Sylvester, with a vivid remem brance of the words he had over heard. 'She will never save her rival's child, never.' The man looked at him with dazed eyes. 'She shall save him,' he cried, and stretching far out of the window bh which he stood, he pointed t;- the bridge and called out, 'Drop him, Jacqueline, don't let him burn. He can still reach the next house if he runs. Save my darling, save him.' But the woman, as if waiting for his voice, only threw back her head, and while a bursting flame flashed up behind her, shrieked mockingly back: 'Oh, I have frightened you up at last, have I? You can see me now, can you ? You can call on Jacqueline now ? The brat can make you speak, can he? 'Well, well, call away, I love to hear your voice. It is music to me even in the face of death.' (To be eontinued.) 