MBS. FABQUHABSON'S wrRnw A 8TOBY IN FOUB CHARTERS. CHAP. J. — AN UNEXPECTED ABEtVAi. I When I first left home to act as ibm- panlon to 'Mis. Farqnharson at Shuttle- ton Manor, I me only eighteen, and very simple and inexperienced ; but uniuce many, who long to try their wings outside the home circle, my first flight into the great world beyond tended nothing. , to diminish the bright visions, in which young hearts are prone to indulge, for, in -Mrs. Farqahatsoris honse, I was from the beginning treated more like a daughter than : a hired com panion j and though I missed the bomb faces very much, yet I was Beldom sub ject to those fits of loneliness and de pression which are the. .general experi ence of those launched oat on the busjp world for the first time - and separated from all family ties. Mrs. Farqnharson was a widow, with no children; two she had had, both' died in infancy out in India, where her husband had held a post nnder govern ment. She had been but two years in England when I first went to her, hav ing come home after her husband's death. Possessed of ample means — for she' had a private fortune of her own, inherited from an aunt, besideB what her hnsband left — she yet lived in a very quiet style, keeping but fonr servants and seeing but little company; indeed, but for ah occasional visit from the rector or his wife/ and a chance one from the curate, we would have seen almost nobody save ourselves. The house was large, com modious, and old-faBhioned,aud bad been known as the Manor for ages back. It had been for some time untenanted be fore 'Mrs. Farqnhataan entered into possession, the owner being unmarried and resident abroad. It was a larger house than Mrs. Farquharson at first contemplated renting ; bat the rent was very moderate, and she conceived a lik ing for it when first she saw it, which finally led to herieaslng it for a period of five years. A good many of the rooms were nufarnished, because not required. I may add here that, beyond its antiquity, there was nothing romantic about the house— no thrilling, blood curdling stories of restless ghosts roam ing the gloomy corridors aimlessly through the silent watches of the night, or ofhaaated chambers and dark deeds committed in days gone by, but, on the contrary, everything was very prosaic and matter of fact, as befitted the nine teenth century. The Manor stood about a quarter of a mile off the main road which led to the village of Shnttleton, and was approached by a long avenne of beeches. The grounds around it were pretty extensive, though much less so than in days long since past My dnties as companion were very light. Sometimes I read to Mrs. Farquharson while she sewed ; wrote letters to her dictation, or occupied my self with some fancy-work while we both sat and chatted. At other times we drove ont occasionally, hiring from the village inn far this purpose — Mra Farquharson keeping neither horse nor carriage — or strolled about the grounds together, she being still strong aod active for her years. My lines had certainly fallen in pleasant places; and although many of my age would have considered the life we' led somewhat dull, yet I .never fonnd it so, as at home I had been need to a very qniet humdrum life add had small inclination for gaiety of any kind. I had always been of a, quiet dis position — too mnch so for my years, my dear mother often said. .We had recently had a new member added to our house hold at the Manor- in the shape of an old bachelor -brother of Mrs. Fatqnhar- son's — Mr. Vaughan, a Professor ofThe- ology from one of the universities, who, through failing health, had felt himself obliged to resign his professorship, and, at his sister's request, had been prevailed on to give up his own bachelor establish ment and come. and live with her. His presence made little difference in -our mode of living, however, as he .buried himself in his books from morning till night, and spent most of his, tame in bis own room;' generally having his meals sent up to him, so. that sometimes for days together I. scarcely saw him. He was engaged writing a work on theology, which', took 'up a 'great portion of hie , tame. - He never joined us in our walks or drives, and seldom left the house ex cept when he went, op to town for a day to purchase some ne w book .or visit soine old acquaintance. ' One bright sunny afternoon In June, about six months after my Arrival sat the Manor, I started for the village, a book under my arm, borrowed . from the . village library, which Mrs. Farquharson and I had been reading together, and which I intended to return. Here ; in the darkened avenue the sun's strong heat did not penetrate, and my white unshade hnng.carelessly in my hand as , I walked along. .When I came within view of the east gate, I caqght sight qfa figure approaching, .evidently making for the 'hdase. It was that of a woman, dressed entipdy from bead -to foot; in gray, carrying a Hjloak of ,-tha .saine Quaker-like jbuepver KerrMita/: in her hand she tarried & fmafi traveUigAg. Shewaa afiyancing along the avenue; at a swinging pace/and flourishing the bag backwards and forwards in her hand; as ' though' -its weight were nothing. On firat pbserying me, Bheeetned somewhat taken «b«fc;:her,ewihglog phce dwindleddown into a gtacefal walk, and her hand' with the bag dropped to her ride very demurely, - and remained. BtaHmiaty.t-AswheeamB nearer.jljeaw ; thatahe waitof lair couplendn, hadjon asborf veflj sndwpre her hair cat short behin.dfrafringeoyflt her-brow. t>newas remarkebly.'tolVIIhoogh' for a woman, bnt carried her fighre gracefully. . .When , ahe stoptSbeeMetoe,I,feltJlfce ajfigmy beride a jpanteas.. j 1 I begyomr pardon,'' dteeaid ina $oft< flop mhmcri ycSce, « bri/am I right to " ttfoHnr'ttiis A.Venue'ldada to the Manor 'ibis leads you directs.to. the Hell' 'without «n adnuiing.glsnce at my fcott white drees and light 'ritrnw.hat1, |For . anr life I . could idDt helptutaingto ipi& « ' "after3MRj oFaSapa'rWP&tf118.; "for hhe feWer thread 'her' Keadj6rieSjt|ned x- hortill>hte Vanti'teut bf wight; orriftpd a IwoDdwd- fHlK 'Bfctfi viator to the servants ; and yetMrk Farquhar- j sod was expecting no one, and this girl seems as though she had come to stay When I got back to the house it was nearly six o'clock. The door waB opened by Mrs. Glass the housekeeper, with whom I was a great favourite. I saw instantly by her face that she had something to tell me. She followed me upstairs to ay room. 'Mrs. Farqu harson has a visitor this afternoon, miss,' she began, shutting the door behind her carefully, 'a niece of hers — a Miss Selwyn. She has come to stay for a day or two. We are having tea at half : pastsix.;.- - . . ..... 1 Is" she a tall yonhg lady dressed in gray ? I inquired, much interested. ' For if so, I met her in the avenue,' coin ing here.' : A- ' Yes, miss, that is her,' replied Mrs. .Glass, 1 tall and fair. — -I don't think Mrs. Farquharson expected her, for she appeared much surprised -when she arrived.' " I suppose I had better not go down till Mrs. Farquharson sends for me, then,' I said. ' She will have a lot of things -to say -to her niece, .probably, that she may not wish a stranger to hear. I wonder she did not mention her coming to me, if she knew.' -'I don't think she did, miss ; but I wrill; have to go down and see -after things. I don't want Mra Farquharson to catch me gossiping.' ' - After ' she left me, I stood '"gazing abstractedly out of the window info the garden beyond, my thoughts fall of the unexpected visitor. I hoped if she were going to stay for any -length of -time, she woqM prove nice and agreeable ; for, if not, I might be made very uncomfortable in my position of companion. Mrs. Farquharsou -had ' a -sister down in one of" the southern counties, I knew, whose - married "name was Selwyn ; bat of the existence of a Miss -Selwyn T had never preribttSly heard. My impression," indeed, had been that she had none of a family jbht evidently I was mistaken. There had also been another sister.- married, who had died many, years ago, leaving a son, who was in business somewhere iiflion- don. T had never seen'Mrs. Selwyn at .the Manor. . I. washed face and hands, changed my dress for one':of black, grenafiine-a -present from Mrs. Farquharson — placed a few flowers in my hair "and dress., and then my toilet was complete. . ...Mrs. Farquharson and I always dined to gether, as a matter of course ; but to night I hesitated about going down till sent for. I felt - my position slightly altered by the arrival of Miss Selwyn. About half-past six, however, a message was brought me by one of the maids that Mrs. Farquharson wished me to go down-stairs to join her and Miss Selwyn. at tea. Somewhat fluttered, I descended the broad stairway leading to the halL I found Mrs. Farquharson and her niece in her favourite sitting-room, at the back of the large drawing-room, where we generally dined when alone. Oar dinner-hour was three o'clock, and tea at six. We kept somewhat primitive hours. As I entered the room, Miss Selwyn was standing admiring herself in a large mirror which stood over the mantel pieces She still wore her gray dress, and looked even taller without her hat She came forward with a smile. 'Doris, my friend Miss Stuart. — Naomi, this is my niece, Doris Selwyn. I daresay you have heard me speak of her.' Mrs. Farquharson seemed to per form tins introduction with an effort- As a matter of fact, I had never pre viously heard Miss Selwyn mentioned but I let that pass. Miss Stuait and I have already met, aunt,' Miss Selwyn said frankly, holding out her hand and dropping a light kiss on my cheek. As she did so, I hap pened to glance towards Mrs" Farqu harson, and was astonished at the expression of something almost like fear which her countenance betrayed ; but it was but momentary ; an instant later, £ concluded I was mistaken. . ' I hope we shall be great friends,' continued Miss Selwyn. 'I always know at first whether I shall like a per son or not, and I think I shall like you. — And so your name is Naomi! It is very quaint and pretty, I think, and just suits yon.' ' Not $0 pretty as your own,' said L ' Mine is rawer old-maidish and sedate ; while yonre ' 'Puts you in mind of a giddy romp, as I am, Interrupted sheto « gay tone. — ' Are you not surprised ut seeing .me Miss Stuatt f The fact is, I "was re turning i home from a visit to .some friends in 'Scotland,' and passing by this place, thought I worid look aunt arid ancle up on the way.— Uncle has not yet put in an appearance, though. — -Yon will, have to excase my dress, for all the rest of .my loggage.haB been sent on, and I have only this - with me, and one to ' the mornings; but T;.kuew 'aunt lived very quietly, so I dartoay it will "not 'matter.'-'' ;;; « I am sure; Dons, both Naomland ji are very pleaaedto see yousaid/Mra/ 'Farquharson, . rather moraordiiUJyI thought ; 'only, perhaps you will-fiS itidnlL— As for the dr!ss, lf 'neCMiaiy; that can easily be remedied ;7 bnt '"prob- ably you will opt need, as you .ure.' oure to tire of our quiet Ufa— But hero tomes tea at last' ; - . . ' ' During o the meal, yridch Professor Vaughan did not bferionr witfiihisjpres- ence, Miss Selwyn falkgllihhtetonHy, ratliingon atsn<hafrDd3DAfog|3p, many slang twins that' -I-Tiaa rather lTh3to,Sppearedao»nbBnff tov&Lrds; . her niece. At first; by her -manner, I: had j udgehhe.visitef to. be. nnwricome, bntattributid'thistoMrs.Farquharaon's dislike to anytfing'vvffiShadisfnfhe'd our -retired -wayuf-irring. — I-must-say-that- Mihh Selwyn washlest , with" --Jul' extra- she never womd have finished ; while Mrs. Farquharaon and Imerely dfiwlad over on/mbdl to ke$ her in' edimfen-' 'Sice.'' h ahe said at lehgteq . usftng ick har; cun. M-ahouldto 10ce,to(haraaatrol| about the fironnda — Skiqg'ahd walking towaids the long Winfc wjlch ihpenea outwards Into ihe tt"yon do not ca« . fo.rjnjng,;'! psriiapa iJlus iStxurt yvfiloaccompWiy me; ? I , can goalona' r— " A liSsthW€2Mthehi went ont after sunset, MrsjihrqabftipQPi rose at once, wiapping round her a white ehawl, which hung over the back of her chair.— Miss Selwyn had snatched up an antimacassar from the conch, and gracefully flung it over her shoulders.— I will go with you, Doris,' Mra Far quharson said ; Naomi will be tired after ber walk.' I was abont to disclaim all feeliog of weariness ; bat without writing Miss Selwyn flung open the window, and a minute later they were ontside amongst the flowers. Seen from the window, there was a strong resemblance between them';' both were tall, thongh Miss Selwyn had decidedly the advantage, 'and their features were "very similar. Mips; Selwyn's were if anything too large for a woman : and ber closely cropped hair gave'her-n boyish appear ance, which well suited the hoydenish character she affected. She might; be somewhere about three or four and twenty, judging by ber looks. She interested me greatly ; her frank care less manner was Very winning ; she -was such a complete contrast to myself in every way, far I was small and dark, and had little to sav to anv one until I was well acquainted, The habit she had of interlarding her conversation . with slang terms gave a piquancy to it that seemed to render her smallest ' remarks brilliant and witty. She '-was undeniably handsome ; while I" had . never considered myself a beauty at the i best of timea. I longeg to join them, and for die 'first time felt as if Mrs Farquharson might Jpnsider me Ah." in trader, since 'Ahe had-fiot asked ine to accompany them. Next morning £ -rose early as ifsual, for I liked a half-hour amongst > the flowers before breakfast I wat jbnsy arranging a email bouquet from my-owa particular plot for the - breakfast J)ahle, when £ heard £ootsteps"approaching, and looking up, beheld Miss'iSelwyn, arrayed in a crimsou - morning go wo, with JUrs Farquharsoh's white ahawl round her shoulders, and on her- head an old gar den hat "of my own," which she bad picked ap in the hall.-1;; . ' J 0 Good- morning,' she-cried gaily. ' saw you from' the window, and though it a pity to let you pine 5n solitude' 'and alone. So here I ani.J ; ' I wasn't pining ;but I am glad to see you all the same. — isn't it a lovely morning i I hope yon slept well, Miss Selwyn j'". . ' Thanks. I slept ; better than I expected. — By the way, where did: you disappear to last night ? When -aunt and I came in, you had-gone off. — I hope you will not let my being here make any difference to yon, Miss Stuart. I should like to call you Naomi, and you can call me Doris. May If ' Certainly, if yon wish,' I stammered, colouring a little. 1 You are very kind. — I had some letters to write last night, and took- the. opportunity of doing so when Mrs. Farqnharson would riot be likely to miss me.' ' Oh, that is all right, then. I was afraid I had driven you away.— Uncle came down-ataira after aunt and I hams in last night, and I had " quite a time " with him, as the Americans say. — What a comical old boy he is ; be seems hslf asleep most of the time. I must try and rouse him up ; see if I don't ! I told him he must come down to break fast this morning, as 1 wouldn't enjoy the meal without him ; and if he doesn't tarn up, Til let him hear of it. He'll have to give op his beloved books for one morning at least. — Is tins your own particular garden, Naomi ? Annt tells me you take chief. charge of the flowers.' ' Yes ; this is my own : little plot,' I replied, twisting a long blade of grass round the stalks of my bouquet and then holding the flowers up to her for : inspection. 'Did you ever see any thing so pretty ?' . . <1 think I 'have,'; she answered smiling, glancing' at me meaningly as she spoke. ' A great deal prettier, too. Bat they are very nice.— I should like, that rose you have, It is so sweet. — Thank you, X shall keep it for " your sake. — There is aunt looking from the window ; perhaps we had better go in.' And in we went, my face flashing rosy : red at' the compliment her eyes had paid me. Had she been a man, I do not think I Could have been more con-, fased. GHAFZBB II. — DISCOVERIES. A couple of weeks glided by. Miss Selwyn wasstill with as, and, to all appear ance, intended to remain. She declared she could not tear herself away ; and I had- begun to feel that without her the place would be very dull, though before .she -cams I had never thought of it. . I certainly had never met each a lively jgiri as Doris. She .seemed naturally a bit of a wit, and was remarkably qnick at repartee. She was, however, astonish ingly ignorant of some . things. She could scarcely play a note of music, could paint only a very little, seamed to know or care nothing about the modern languages, except the language of flowers, fnwliich ehe was well versed.; and as far sewing iand light fancy-work, her £aowledge thereof was nil. I had never ' risen Iher "rise a needle since she came. . Nothing surprised me more than the - rihapge ber 'presence had effected : in Trefessor Vaughan. His niece seemed tcjhave acquired an unbounded influence ; over' him, and she used it most unmerci fully. Only in' the evenings, and not always then, would she allow him to rer tire to the solitude of his own room and the Society of his beloved, bocks, as she Cfd '.themr Poor old geotleman ! his Xifo was made' -a burden to him. She; iWoald raUy.him on his, bachelor condi tion/ and eay that sbe'hrihw lots of ' old. girla !Ywho. .wouldVjnst fejnitbim. She ordered -him, as her cavalier, to attend her in. her walks through the Manor grounds, and" wonfiTnot. let him off. on .»riy 7 BxrmaeIahd if he did succeed in; escapingto -his -roomr-would-eometimee'. follow himhere, and-spend with him: the greatei : |>art of .the day, though she most have "been a decided hindrance to hitm From the first,. to use iter ownex- pression, she constituted him ber own peculiar "Srihiim rind, " troth to $611; he. i$ras - favoured"" with much ; more of herj "society, than either her ahot or myself. Ffivafoly,. J .thought. Mftefj?lwjn a: bit rif a flirt, as she Showed ediri a predi-, ledfion for masculine todety -; but Mra Fatquhaltiin seemed well pleased; mora SO. 'iudeedil: I fang .than on the oc' rndawiigm out-fogefchhr. Perhaps she thought the ' to |l» r cased up a' littie, which he certainly did. The con- strained manner towards ber niece; ribich l had at first observed in her had; moreover, to a great extent disappeared; In the evenings, if Mies Selwyn were not .out about the grounds or disturbing ber uncle, she would generally sit and .read to as while we sewed, occasionally stopping to make some light remark; which caused her aunt and me to smile ; or strad looking over me while I played and sang. She never sang herself ; the said she bad no voice. Altogether, things were more lively since her arrival: ' What a pretty dress yon. have on !' said she ooe evening. What kind of material :do 'yon call -it 1 I never .can remember the names of stuffs.' ' I '' This Is' a grenadine,' I answered, 'a little astonished. 'It is a present from yonr aunt. She is very kind to me.' 'Not more so than you deserve, 1 imagine..' X have' often thought yon inust feel it. very dill — yon so young and pretty.— pardon me— to be shut up here, "Have you any brothers or sisters, Naqm' 1' i 'Only one brother, and he is very yonng; bat I . have four sisters — two n!(leF anr) fan tnnnogr thflfl IIlVRelf Papa is. a. Clergyman ip ooe of the poorest of the London suburbs. His salary is not large enough for us all, and that is the rekson I am here.' 'And your sisters, are they also in situations ?' she asked. ' ' The two eldest are ; the others are not old ' enough, and mamma requires one of them at home, for we keep only A very small servant.' She did not ask more. I longed to inquira something about herself or her people, but did not like. In epite of heir frankness, she could be very reticent when ehe chose, and she neveralluded to her home in any way. Although so fond of walking abont the gronnds, she had never yet been ontside the gates, nor did she manifest any desire to see the village or to go to church on Sundays. I had tried to per- snade her to accompany me the first Sunday, but ehe laughingly said she got quite enough of religion at home ; and her aunt did not press her to go, but seemed rather pleased at her staying in. She, like the professor, allowed her niece her own way almost in everything. Our roomB were on the first landing. Miss Selwyn's was on the opposite side of the corridor from her ancle's and from Mra Farqahareon's, and Looked to the back, as did mine also. Between her room and mine was a large room used . for storing lumber. There was no bal cony on tbis side, but only in the front. The servants slept above. One morning I rose as usual befora breakfast and went out into the garden. Miss Selwyn frequently joined me ; but tbis .morning she had apparently slept in. In my gardening operations I had slightly soiled my haods, and before, going into breakfast, went ap-staira to wash them and tidy myself generally. To gain my own room I had to pass the door of Miss Selwyn's, which I noticed to be ajar. In passing, I caught a glimpse of Miss Selwyn in her crimson morning gown standing before the toilet- table in her room, gazing into the look ing fflass. In her hand she held what, to my astonishmeot, appeared to be a razor. She looked precisely like a person who had finished the operation of shaving, for I had seen papa look just like that. - I was so surprised that I almost uttered an exclamation, but recovered myself, walked on, 'and gained my own room, shutting the door very softly. It might be perhaps a day or two later. I retired to my room io the evening earlier than my wont, as I wished to finish a letter I was writiug to mamma. My window was open half way, for the evening was warm. My letter being finished, but not feeling inclined for sleep, I was sittiog at the window gazing idly into the moonlight.' Every one was up- staire, and I believed myself to be .the.only one awake in the house. The Professor had gone to his room after tea, and nearly an hoar before I' had heard Mra Farquharson and her. niece bid each other good-night as they entered their separate rooms. They seemed always to finish their converaa- tion down- stairs, for Miss ,Sel wyn never- sat and chatted with her annt in hkr room after coming: up; bnt went straight to' her own. I would have liked an oc casional cosy: chat with her by our bed room fires; butas.she never invited me into her room, I did not venture to -ask her into mine. It was a lovely moonlight night Our side of the house, however, lay com pletely in shadow. £ do not know how long I may have sat, when I heard the window of Miss Selwy.n'a room softly, raised. I knew it must be hers; because, the room between us was, as I have said, used only for' lumber, and Mrs. Farqa hareon's and her brother's rooms were oh the other Bide of the corridor, their, windows looking to the front ' 'She is like myself,' thought I ; ' she cannot sleep either.' I was about to call to her softly to let her know that I also was awake, when. I' heard her strike a match, as if about; to relight her bedroom candle. Appar-. -ently the light went ont again, for I heard her mutter something that sounded ; like an oath, and . immediately after another match was struck: . I had not fcooton swearing- was one of Miss .-Sel wyn's accomplishments, although , she was addicted to , using slang phrases. : A minute or two later, wafted to my . nos trils came the aroma of > rigor- I glanced downwards, my first impression being that 'the pleasant odour .cams from below ; but . there all waaqt Again 1 felt it, and tills time was certaiu it came .fromtite open window of Miss Selwyn's room. " Cautiously, I put ont my head once more. Miss Selwyn, dopbtless believing herself the only one awake, was leaning carelessly outqf her bedroom window, - her eyes fixed on the stars, calmly, . enjoying either a rigaj- or' a cigarette. I had heard tliat to smote cigarettes was -common - amongst some ladies, yet this, disroyery. nevertheless came npon . me with almoat a-ahock.'1 Fortunately, "my -room being also in darknhSs, Miss Bel wyn did not seem to; have seiin .me." ShjB. rira'st have sat there for nearly Imff M hotoilore l'-heard her close her window. -l yras glad when; she did .so, for T could "not (jgo to bed itoifliig/myvri certain' /to'J-hear "me If il attompleirio &6seltt'"' "I wtadered if tfreL-FaTquhar.- sqnvknewiof tiifrjafefojaiifatidy bT hto; Tlvhlyfliece. ; nn Miss Selwyn seated calmly on the eea- ahore watching rhfi . wavto come lapping in, and smoking a huge day pipe, while in her haod she held-.a razor, which she had just .'.been sharpening against the rock ' on which she sat. It is carious, .whsn.once one's atten tion is drawn to any particular fact, bow toon thereafter something is sure - to occur in 'conne.ction therewith. The next day Mra Glass waylaid me in the hall, Mra Farqnbareon and ber niece being . then engaged in correspondence, Miss Selwyn had only one correspondent, and his letters — her correspondent was of the male sex — did not appear to give her touch pleasure. Mra Glass drew ,me . 'ihto her own private parlour and closed the door carefully. ' I have something which I wanted. to tell you, Miss Stuart;- Said .she, 'It -ie about Miss Selwyn, - May I aak what you think of the young lady, miss ?' ' I was taken somewhat by surprise .at the question.- What do yon mean ? Do yon refer . to her appearance or ber copduct.generally,)' \- fl. mean her ways, — Don't you think she is a very strange young lady ? She has such free and easy ways: And do yon know, miss, I do . believe . ehe smokes I' Had she not been an elderly woman, I would have cut short the conversation by telling Kef that ' it wbb neither my business nor hers tq discuss Miss Sel wyn's conduct ; but she bad alw&ya; been; very kind to me; and ! did not wish to'say any thing to hurt herfeelinga. I think ehe must have read my jthonghts, for her next words were - half apologetic. ' I know; it Is none of my business, miss; but something I heardtwodays ago from J ahe the housemaid, and from my cousin Mre.; Jehkyns, who keeps the ion, yon know, miss, b&s;' made hie won der if I should not tell what I heard to Mrs. Farqnharson ; - so I thought I might safely tell you, and leave you to judge, for I think she has something troubling her already jnst now ; she has not been qnite herself since her niece arrived.' I had noticed this fact, hut had been inclined to ascribe it to imagination ; bnt Mrs. Glass .had evidently .observed it also. - ; . ' But what is ronr reason, for think ing Miss Selwyn smokos 1 You have not seen her do so, I suppose ?' 'No, miss ; but I have of ten felt the smell of cigars in her room in the mornings, and have fonn'd pieces of cigar ends in the grate and on the ground outside her window. It is not a very lady-like' thing ; and Mrs. Far quharson would he wild if she knew, 1 am sura — The Professor, as yon know, does not smoke, so the cigar ends conld not be his.' ' And what did Jane . tell you, and yonr cousin ?' I again inquired, not wishing to tell what £. had myself observed overnight. Mrs. Glass came a little nearer and' spoke in a lower tone. 'Yon mns have noticed, Miss Stuart, that Miss Selwyn has always kept veiy close to the honse ever since she came. She has never been ontside the grounds, to .my :koovl«lgA ; jind .you ramembpr. the strange way in which she arrived when no one expected her. It is my" opinion she is here in hiding, and does not wish to. be seen. I think she has run away from home, miss.' - I was so taken aback by this view of the matter, that for a minute or -two I could not say a word. What should make her leave her home V I asked at length. I I don't know, miss, of course : but perhaps a lover may have had some thing to do with it. Yod can. judge, after you hear what I am going to tell you.— From anything ever I have heard, any of Mrs. Farqoharson's relatives are in poorer circums'taoces than herself, and Mrs.' Selwyn may have wished her daughter to mariy some one she did not care for, for the sake of his money. I don't think Mrs. Selwyn- and .Mrs. . £arquharaon_ are particnlarly friendly.for they "don't visit; . and I -did not . know there was a. Miss Selwyn till she arrived here- that day". — Of course 'X .pnly came here eighteen -months ago, and did not know Mrs. Farquharson till then. '' 9"ell, two days ago, Jane went do wn to the villaze to order some things for the house. When she arrived at the end -of the avenue,' toe aaw a mau gazing curiously over, the gate ;into the, Manor .grounds, but he tnrned-f' away in "the direction of : the village . before she came' up -ito'; him.; When toe was passing him/ be spoke to. , her, ' .and ' walked along hy her -side till ;they treaohed the :viUaga ( He .was rather an elderly man, and looked like 'a well-to-do gentleman, toe says, orlshe would not have answered Mm When he first epoke. He seemed jmuto. interest-, ed in this house, and asbed her a great many questions ; and aito.ngb :he tyjed not to let her see it, was evidently ea- pecially interested when toe mentioned Mmi Selwyri's being htoe— asking par ticularly, as to when ehe came; whattoe was like, andr-'how Johg she mtended- staying. —Jane - got . ahqoyed / at his -questions. a tiast; qnd left him abraptly when . toe reached ' Mrs / Bill's. On coming - home, , she at once told me, and described the man. l adyised her not to 'toyftoything to'thectiieiB.1 '; Yester- day aiternoon, . I called on my cousin Mrs. 1 Jenkins to hear what . she could tell; me, for Jane had seen toe geotle- m'au'entei: theinn. He ;wias_not in toen, bnt was staying there, -and had- risen doirig po for a week past flHe had also 'questioned my '(rinmn as toe Manor- hoase, -and had expressed a great desire to sefi it- ' My'! causin told him it was j nlot open forYisitors to see/throngh it: Fortunately, . although toe hpticed ! ' It— — I n AA AA -hJa,,l'l CAIAWWM t;uriusitiy wiwi; ngaiu w jalioo watwu, toe could .tell him, nothing aboiither ; hnt tois thought- he might be totolderly ' lover of that yonhg lady, arid putting tiurigti/together, ;I Jhave , come, to'the Barne conclusion. — What doyou thiiik of it, missf .- .Z" ; r ' -t i-tohhot tellj!:! to8srored,"pwpigxqa; turn/i as 1-eldtoly eemenriometiatos' iviftont;any;|)artiraiarmotive;Airi-,thel isgaaaeaMg overcoat? rday t 'sudupw that liuthiak-cfcdt;" he '1$ isometimteMroaMriBhOrtflae -jat/ I'menre l do not know' whetbet tp tell Mrs. Farquharson or nor.' 'Better let things alone - meantime. .We bave no evidence thit the man is really in any way connected with Miss Selwyn, although £ admit his question ing looks Buspiciona ; and -even though be does know bar, it dobs -not follow he is a lover of hers. She .CBrt&inly; did arrive here rather . unexpectedly ; tut the account she herself gave on arrival was quite satisfactory to me at any rate ; and we mast not jump to the conclu sion that she has run away, unless We see some stronger reason than we have at preseat. Besides; even thongh he should be her lover, be can scarcely ran away with her noleaa she is willing ; and if ever there waa a young lady perfectly capable of takirijg care of herselfl I should thiukMiss Selwyn Is that one. — i faaive to go to .Shattieton myself this afternoon, and will call on Mrs.. Jenkyns and ascertain if he is still there' ' . She left me then and I . proceeded to take my constitntionaL Almost mechanically, ' my. steps turned into the avenue leading to the village. The AVAnnfi Imnlr rjtf.hcr a Rhnrn carve flbflnt two hundred yards from the gate, and near this gate "was a moss of -shrubbery: .Nearer tothe Manor the grounds were very open, and the windings of the aveDue alone hid the house from view. I was approaching this torn inthe avenuel when I heard a soorid as of a footstep., Not wishing to be seen, as I bad still on my morning gown, I glided heMnd a large tree, and took shelter at the back . of a spreadiog rhododendron bush which stood near. In another miaute, who ever it was tnrned ronnd the curve and then . paused. I ventured to steal a glance from my. hiding-place. Through the trees I saw Mm : it was the man of whom Mra Glass had 'spoken — the sap- posed elderly lover of Mra Farqahareon's niece. He had bis back to me, for I was on toe ride ot the avenue farthest from the Manor, and he was gazing earnestly in its direction. He appeared as if afraid of being seen, as he kept glancing suspiciously around. He did not wait: long, fortunately, for, after satisfying himself that no one was in sight, he turned and walked back the way he had coma I waited till he had gone, then harried .home -as.fast as my feet could carry ma Barely, after all, the man was here with some object ; but that object might not be Miss Sel wyn. A suspicion tha; he might be in ' league with a gang of thieves, though hoosebreaking was a thing unheard of amongst us, haunted me all the fote- noon. JHe might wish to reconnoitre before making the attempt. -Mrs. Farquharson kept no man-servants, and there were many valuable articles' in. the bouse. What made matters worse,, the Professor had that morning Early left for town to visit a .brother pro fessor who was at present laid up, and we did not expect Mm back till the next evening. I was, however, destined ere loiig to have the man's conduct explained, for that very afternoon I unexpectedly obtained light upon it. (To be concluded in our next ) 