Why may not an ordained minister of the gospel occupy a seat in the Legislature ? usks a correspondent, who does not seem to be awaro that lie is expressly disqualified by an Act of George II., to which the famous Hoino Tooke contro versy gave rise, and against which the secularising forces of tho day have dashed themselves to no purpose. Tlio doc- trine of the indelibility of Holy Orders has givon a mystical sanctity to tlio clerical cha racter which makes it impossible for a clergyman to engage iu secular pursuits as long as ho acknowledges his professional obligations, and does not unfrock himself by any overt act of treason against tlio moral or ecclesiastical laws of his country or hiB church. A local preacher or an .Evangelist is not bound down by- any such restrictions, and he can therefore get into Parliament without offence, to his conscience whenever ho can get a consti tuency to appreciate at its proper value tho privilege of being represented by a man who can look after their souls on a Sabbath, ' and do their odd jobs for them in the Ministerial anto-room on week days, it is no doubt vory hard upon tho full Hedged parson that such a distinction should ho made between them, for, as our correspon dent points out, he is necessarily an edu cated man, which is moro than can ho said of hi3 brother of the Tub, and the chances arc that ho would look at tho politi cal and social problems of the day by tho light of a more refined and cultivated conscience. Every one must admit that the presence of a broad minded divine like the late Dean Stanley, who was known all over the Christian world as the champion of tho vilified name and the lost cause, and whoso sympathies wore as wide as humanity, would ho a great gain to any assembly of erring men, sncli as legislative assemblies in particular aro apt to become ; and tho law or tho custom that wonld treat such a man as an alien or an idiot is treated, and cxcludo him from participating in tho councils of his countrymon, is both logically and civi- cally incapable of being defended. Tho absurdity of the law is specially brought out in England, where tho constitution provides that tlio Bishops of tlio Establish ment should bo furnished with a bench in one branch of the Legislature without doing violence to the traditions of the clerical character. If, as Tope says or sings, a saint in crape is twice a saint in lawn, one might have reasonably expected that tho Bishops should not be compelled or invited to sit in tho seat of tho Scornful, while the inforior clergy are prevented from con taminating themselves by contact witli tlio less privileged members of tho race. Reason, howover, lias very littlo to do with the arrangement, wo aro afraid. If the practice were based upon reason the enrate would have the entree to Parliament as well as the Bishop, and the ordained clergyman as well as the local preacher, in Victoria as well as in England. It is in their caso as it is in tho case of women — the prejudice that operates against them i9 a senti mental one. They are excluded from Parliament just as ( women are ex cluded, because it has been the custom to invest them with attributes that partially disqualify them for the rough and tumble work of tho Parliamentary career. A woman's business is to breed sinnors, and a clergyman's is toconvortthem ; and how can they discharge their several duties faith fully if they havo to leave the nursery or tlio confessional to importune a Commissioner of Public Works for another bridge across Big Mud Creole, or join the leader of the Opposition in an intrigue for turning him out of office? Tho secularisation of tho clerical character would comnicnco the very moment tho clerical member set foot in the lobby ; or else it might ..turn out tho very opposite, and tlio clerical member would remain a clorgyman and a bore till his constituents came to tho relief otitis unhappy audience. This latter contingency strikes us as a much more plausible argument in favor of ex cluding him than the objoction raised to his caste. There is nothing to prevent him from preserving his costo safely enough from the secularising influences around hint if be is really jealous of : the privileges of his Order ; but what could check the torrent of his eloquence if ho chose to treat his company as ho would his congregation, and handle a notice of motion by Mr. John Woods for opening tho Museums on Sunday as lie would a text from Leviticus ? Though he might ho a member of Parliament, he conld never divest himself of tho feoling that ho was also a minister of the Cospol, and of what avail would tho new standing orders bo to closo his mouth if ho wero convinced that lie was moved by tho Holy Ghost to denounce Mr. Dow for refusing n site for the New Tabernacle to ho orected to his honor? That clergymen are capable of entertaining vory strong feelings on tlio politics and politicians of tho hour, and of expressing them in very strong language, is known to every st-udont of electioneering litcratnro to which they have con tributed. It was only tho other day that one of the choicest shophords in tho Euglish Church - in England, Archdea con Dennison by name, urged his flock from the communion tablo that thoy should as soon voto for tho Devil as for Mr. Glad stone ; and has not Herbert Spencer put it on record that he once received a gontlo reminder from a clorical correspon dent that the Pit was dug for him and the fire lighted in which he and. his " bestial " doctrines would ho consumed together ? Ail clergymen, of course, arc not fanatics, neither arc they wanting in the common sonse, that handles daily tilings, as Wordsworth lias it ; but who is to onsnro that none hut tlio latter class will be selected by tlio constituencies to repre sent them ? An irruption of clergymen of f.IlD DftnniOAn firnn wntilrl lTOrtr orwkit mal'A ..w vm.iouu vj J'O " vv»J nwwi Parliament intolerable, if it did not bring the institution into discredit altogether. It may ho said that this is no reason why the oxporimont should not ho tried, hut unfortunately tho Constitution does not allow of experiments of this kind. It may ho amended, but it will not be tinkered. If once tho door of Parliament is opened to clergymen, it will be impossible to closo it in their face again. After all, the matter Is ono for the clergy themselves to deal with, rather than lay men. Laymen wonld be quite willing to bo represented in Parliament. by a clergy man, provided he did not allow his clorical duties to interfere with his Parliamentary, and to leavo it to him to decide for himself whether or not his clerical character snfl'ered by tho combination of tho two functions. Men of business can find time to become activo politicians without any injury to their private interests, and if a lawyer in full practice can keep tho confidence of lus clients while he occupies a seat on the Treasury benches artd administers tho multifarious duties of a department, a clergyman might fairly think 'himself entitled to claim the samo indulgence from his flock. His difficulty will be to persuade his flock that he can figure successfully in the political arena and fight the battles of his constituents on tlio floor of tlio House, at the same time that he is looking after the spiritual wants of the church whose salaried ser vant lie is. There is very much in political life that is neither elevating nor dignified. Even if the clorical candidate has contrived to go through tlio rather trying ordeal of ait. electioneering campaign with out any loss of self respect, his troubles will not be at an end, for Parliament is not always a school of good manners, and when mud is boing thrown, freely about, the chances arc that some of it is sure to stick, oven to the most spotless of characters. But a clergyman, liko any other man, may find himself at tho bottom of the poll instead of the top, and with what faco can he ask his congregation to accept his ministrations after tho electors have just declared him unfit to bo entrusted with their temporal interests? However elo quent he may lie in the pulpit, they cannot forget that lie is a defeated candidate ; and though his defeat brings no disgraco with it in the political world, it is easy to sec how it may endanger his popularity with tho Pews. Of course, if lie is willing to sever his connection with the Pews before lie tempts the perils of tlio ballot box, lie can afford to ignoro these con siderations altogether. But once a clorgy man always a clergyman is the theory of the orthodox, and, as we understand him, our correspondent does not require every clergyman to renouneo his Orders or give up his pastoral charge as soon as he lias made up his mind to enter upon the political careor. If ho does, then cadU qwestio ; his right to go into Parliament will bo conceded to him without any further questioning, except, perhaps, from that small and diminishing section of Churchmen who Bt-ill stick by the letter and spirit' of the Act of his Britannic Majesty King George the Second. The Railway Commissioners are likely to be speedily called upon to justify their continued existence. From all parts of the country come loud and bitter complaints of the negligence and incivility of the railway employes, and the dirt and dilapidation of the carriages. It might have been supposed that State railways, which are worked at a profit, would afford facilities to the travelling public at least equal to those provided on private lines, but the Railway department of this colony lies a long way behind the companies which own the railway lines in England and America. At the time the commissioners were appointed a vast change in the demeanor of the railway employes occurred. Porters were civil and attentive, and actually were not above carrying the luggage of passengers. There evidently prevailed in their minds an idea that a stricter supervision was to be exercised, and that the "Government stroke" had to be abandoned in favor of the mode of doing business in other walks of life. But the improvement did not last long. It was speedily discovered that the commissioners did not count for much, that the management remained in the hands of the old officials, and was to be conducted on the old official lines. Accordingly we find at every station a number of strapping young fellows lounging about the platform, deigning only to snip a ticket, and allowing passengers, male and female alike, to struggle with their luggage as best they may. Even calling the names of the stations is done in such a way as rather to mislead than instruct passengers. These interesting young gentlemen seem to study discourtesy as a line art. The words employed in replying to a question may be civil enough, but the whole demeanor of the official is expressive of veiled insolence. Before the porter replies to a question he turns his back upon the questioner and drawls out a " Yes " or No " as if he were addressing himself to a distant semaphore. When these officials have to deal with members of the class from which they themselves have been taken their insolence is openly manifested. It is quite evident that there is no supervision exercised, and that every railway employe knows it. A number of correspondents whose letters have lately appeared in our columns have pointed out that complaints addressed to head quarters are invariably without results. The official method of disposing of such complaints appears to be that the officer complained of is invited to explain, and how ever absurd the explanation may be it is regarded as satisfactory. This is the easiest way of getting, rid of the trouble, and the injured passenger remains without redress, while the offending official pursues the even tenor of his way. It is true that the commissioners inherited the system built up under the operation of political influence; but the public expected that they would reform that system. There is, however, very little evidence of their existence other than the occasional issue of a report. Passengers are still left to struggle for tickets on a holiday, although the necessity for their doing so could be easily obviated. At a country station the officer in charge will only issue tickets when the train is in sight, although passengers may have been waiting for half an hour, and the officer has had nothing to do. In all directions the evidences of mis- management are plainly visible, and it does not appear that the commissioners have any means of informing themselves as to the manner in which the business is transacted. Mr. Speight thinks that Victoria could give England and America some "wrinkles" in the matter of railway management, and he is probably right, since an American or English railway director would only havo to travel on our lines to see a system of railway management of which he would never have even dreamed. It is an unwonted experience for the Colonial Office to be lectured by its own servants. Ordinarily, the latter aro kept docile by expectations of favors to come. A man like Sir Hercules Robinson could afford to speak nut, as the Colonial Ultico is move indebted to him than he to the Oflico, and there is strong probability that lie is bent on effecting a com pie to change HI iu» ifjiuuic in fiuiiuicui iiuLivii/y. me Governor of Western Australia, Sir Frederick N. Broomo, may he contemplat ing some similar innovation, which causes him likewise to manifest such indifference to the traditions of the service and tho dis pleasure of his Downing-street patrons. Ho lias written a lotter to tho Times, which, judging from the telegraphic mes sage of our London correspondent, has created some sensation by reason of its outspokenness. That Sir Frederick, having taken up the cudgols on behalf of his colony, should do battlo for it in no half-hearted fashion was to bo oxpoctcd ; lint tlio point of interest to us in the reported abstract of his communication Is that whoroin ho deals with Australia as a whole. Ho gives the Homo Government fair warning that tho proposal that lias boon made to send paupora to unoccupied parts of Western Australia would be resisted by tlio colonies genorally, in tho same way as thoy successfully opposed tlio continuance of transportation. No one who has enjoyod tho opportunity of ganging Australian sontiment can dispute the cor- vectnessof this statement. Wemay nntagrco with Sir Frederick in his apparent conten tion that the wholo of the immense tract of country ' known as Western Australia should be at once handed over to the present handful of settlors, but we cor dially join with him in his protestj against snffcring tho British Governraent to work its will in the territory. The self; govern ing colonies have reached a status thnt warrants them in putting forth claims to he consulted upon Imperial Measures affecting any portion of the continent. We know what English statesmen did with the colonies so long as they were it liberty to do what thoy liked, and it is' well for them to be reminded that thai day ot unrestricted power in this part of the world hascloscd forever. The colonial authorities in Downing- street are accustomcjd to form thoir opinions by an inspection of maps and Imperial enactments. Having for! the most part no personal knowlodge of tlio peoples occupying the territories dealt -with, they shape thoir ordinances and regulations by rnlo of thumb, and loave no nlargin for constitutional developments. Men like Dilke, Rosehery and CarnarTon, after they havo looked with their own' eyes upon our advancement, promulgate enlightened views on tho subject, but they have littlo effect on departmental liuieius, which obstinately pursue tlio methods that routine h.os sanctified. There is nothing in the Colonial Office charts and volumes of statutes, correspondence and instruc tions to indicate that Victoria, Now South Wales, South Australia and Queensland have the Slightest right of interference, iu the affairs of Western Australia. Tech nically they possess no such right. It is an arrogntion, but one that actual oliservers of our institutions acknowledge to be reasonable. British- colonial officialism would bo disposed to stigmatise our interference as an imper tinence, if they chose to deluge Western Australia with pauper immigrants. Dis tance, they would argue, precludes tlio eastern colonics from being affected by such proceedings. That was the argument used when convicts, instead of paupers, wore sent, but experience taught that the evilofonecolonycouldnotboconlined within its own borders. If pauper immigration to Wostern Australia proved disastrous in its consequences, as assuredly it would, tho mass of tho Australian people would ultimately bo injured by the undesirable influx. They would not tamely suffer such an injury, nor quietly submit to the risk of its perpetration. This is what the Governor, Sir Frederick Brooine, recognises and declares, and it so happens thnt lie ranks among: tho few employes of the Colonial Office in a position to speak with the authority attaching to experience and knowledge. 