THE11 BONDMAN.t A 1"iIW SAGA. BY HALL CAINE,I "'The "h?lewto Crime;'c, .aa FcYT"PSltI OF PRFEVIUt S CIAL FERlS. Ctwae+ I .Td 1S-J.e gof ?he i., thes areenc ;lu. Ilt daIz'e r, I .ahtaesL .c L aiS ehsht t e'rry C(,ot Trr t:lhP the tic a tistt .? tr for Iserol, but e his avs e t the pn?I~, ul match. eettt d :i::l s «r? ¢ino tCe. mn't, n: of L!.e .o stsraO tred.eht 5 t5 s all bor bt ., his ait aeli aid thetr Li r coale i Cor his brenil ao t widxniaface toot.o te lr ad s m1, due esla,nr. ,'qep?^nd . err, u ' o be or u e htn.-ca o eh '~"& i itr hn asgrestlr to Is sour o t merdi.eL Th, msatat ,fsuwt oo, 4:l t.t. i,e .( I?tyz nt e peaen I,.lne d-i m .,, , ltes fatl.t" beut? to::eo an they Il mrom tr ;.e h t . , Ts.is ultrairs mgrr;, tbu Ste-la tre;s ,-it ilie ana3 dihat:uoe. is :aot!r it mr?et to , :.le :tl loe with tCm b teeh hope tat she tilk h of c s:oe m9 u esae or h t er os but he in no oa ilta ando-J t pare o a boast tshoe ?elt in r lueastlo hbat.Iol l:r t, a dutler, .aom pr,-ut~n :, he ra?. t eor hsteo-n a. fIo icesli her, but '::r'p o : and Iste it a!l. A qz.p l easm bet es-_ lItdaetL,,l snd l?er mtt':r-in-law, anl o tepst e: in hip as;r oi snriks hi wife raor+ the fae,. Ea~, teed t as, r *hIvt ao isrigorettC athof dl i.ta.o? i' lhe: k wt.t rali the a blow, aol he reslia of tl s ti oih, t itotthe laigtrt. t r mnia-e neUt-Afr r yter the's La.. dtjcstos Tht his wiie, taschl giveo l-ir. to a so:l, and allas hl' norme lon. T'rem rofLs on, twenty i?'er i'nsa, ?other' ;!l ea reeat, aol vows a utor do. b rlr, f~aode dis rbere the return of her shussbaol., ts, klooseat~l m oa his ,atast feor he:a ni" scu ? s'?ro IT.l-The sCEae the :Try is the, oeh?sge ti the tIle of hLn. os tO.e ollrner of haen s-ahb.ther. nrscr s e Luossey taif t S .ai on hs hsb y tthe mssde.-f u l s crt.ln: t Cb AIrER IV (Cos\errs:.s Hnroll hal the Governor got ls s, toi the bouso, when his bays, his men, all I ult maids re 'l fron m Ituamsey. Very full they sIal neverasd t that or servant of his ohoull s?riip the flow of talk for his pr:.eusCe, sat withs io to:ao the ire anl eitlt, dtel, dreamto e thoualt, and left his poni,!l to gesoi -oen. Whlat csanee hat brought the moor man to his door that sight: An Ice. leader, dumb for all use of seoeots, who hoat lain in the chboenes of tote tyreteatt?o?o-a lout man, 05 ramt a wit:h outwitu or child in hisi owncontry; :s?da Anive, ao r naya, huntedll dog n ts osep. ttt angel of pleading had hti: very night bean absy inhis own memory with thise dtys a hissimilor suff rings l Allat onri his ear was anrrstel by what w.ct being rail behind him. The talo was sof T tailer who had pansel throughi the ouw, mando the blue-j heste who were in a:ursait oi him. ito thbi stolen aomething. No, he hare m rIts-?rel f soJas .le y. Anyway there wa a warraes for his arres?,for the high-?hltif hdet daen t. An iil- loothng t fellow bht hee wouhl beotaght yet, thank godner, in i t'a good lime. The Governor twisted about, and ankc .twhat the sailor was like. and his tloys answered his that he .wo a fo.relgnerionge "atof.aman iascn c.Oterpand Lo.ts? ocssn-3, anobigger by half a head thin Blllly-bhy-ite. just then there we the to t, of feet on t he gra? l ou?tile adsa lod rap at the dr. hosr mmentreds 'Ihey werJ, the biue-aeti?te. The foreigtn henar trat , they wore in seach of had been son cureeping up B1allurek atoi? tmrning down lo?ardst Lagea. Hladc h be en there t At that osen theboy, sayn~ ; tt his foithr had been at home all erenin, tued to the GOren:orand repeated the quearion. Buti t good AtL anL tha isted back to thlae ire, and a;wi thel hank of his lips e hoadse ooseld from his lips, wa snoring helavil. "mir ~Exclleo y is asleep," sid the b:l Seo, no, that could not ho, far h hod }ls taing as thesLnt L e ll "eathe," crsd te lad, and ;ashel his. .Then the Governor opeoned Isra cos, onl Twnent haiily. The blu, jo keu, ca; i s aad, told his story agsain, dun tie good Adam amsed to stragglo hart in the e:ort to graip it through the mishs c sleni. At les ngt he aid," . What has th na e ? don.' e "lDeserled hie hip, your Ex.-etlaeoy." 0 ? Nolthing else-no crime h' "Uotteiu t?oe, your ?.,lnsust.5.. IL_ o bow here t" '" No," said thO Governor. And at that the wea?y san shutst hi eyes ~aga and bgun to breaths moet: uodiely. But the bluejaekets, takin coandl togelher, sluded thatarrowhore thereabouts the mun most srey bhe and deoided to sleep the night is the tSble-loft, that they might scour the ?rontryin the mor , the Governor awoke anldenly, sayinB he had no bds to ooler te?tr o thet mgt 'rs leep on the bench e of th Anhoer later, wheo all Laae was oLhno ep. Adam rose from his let, took adxk Laatern and west back to the stable-loft, arouse-tlthe Ioelnoder, and motionel him to ifllow. They eotol the psvnl co-srt-ynl on cam in frntt of the window. Adoau xisi.sl and the man looked is. The four bleo-j:aktca were lying on tho bi eheo drawn rotsn the tire, ant the dodl glare of the at?u ussg ls- t was on their faces. They wre alcep. At that sight the man's yes flashed, is meuth set hs.r the tsrlot o his chreetkcoa trated, aLI with a hoarse cry i nhi throat, -e fumblel tli halt of the seamans knaife that bungin his belt, ?nio made o.e step for wntd. But Asdas, syissg hall of hi arm, looLcl inl hiey tteadnfotfly, and in the light of the lntern th?ir will glance fell before hit. At the netinstant the mou was sone. The night w.e eow far spent. In the towna the forts were sJlent, the streets quic:, the minket-place rvcant, and on the lilf-topl the feet hol l moaldered, down. fBy daybreCak next merging the hbue-jnokets had rouse Lcac eot ptty to Ilaa:s'y, aus by sunrise h to Engh brig ?al sauld out of the lay. Two beautiful creeks lie to the snouth of Batty atud north of Muaghold IIeoL. One is clel Lsge., the other i'ort-y-Vullis. On thgahoreof Port-y-nulln there u a hot built Of et anod thatched with broom-dark, ramp, bry, andruinous, a ditch where the tenant so atw?elto it rent free. The eua stool high when a wosans, comisg out of this plane, fosud i man sleeping m a broken-ribbai boat that lay sic-down on the beach. She awakoned his, -ansiasl him into her hlt. IIe rose to his feet an:lI followed her. Lost night he had ben tmed nut of the beat house lathe island ; this -n- nsg'lIe wa about to be receiccd into the Th-Otman wae Lisan illey-tho sluat, te the trual, the sltter atsh cribof uho The mon was Stephen Orry. CIIIPTERi V Oge mosth only hod then passed nisn the night of Stephen Orry's tlght from ce.sna., qfceby tolt .n honem of hitrl hlusv, as wdl as fear of hie wife's threet, he hal stowe. away in the hoti of an Etgltih esipthot sailed the sose night. Two days later lfeoine hbu rooughthfm eat of his hiding-plum, and ho had bee eopelerd to work beore the eost. In s8mon at thse first English port of al. The bad followed pusiahment for sloth. pnt?h minea for isnorsno and punishnents fr not /mowing theu hi,,h.tlaVournc lsanse of his bo1oscawa. After that hod come bsceisgt, threatU, acouls, oaths, and op' n wusthr thee elel of psety tyrants, rodOg oath the biow of a marlin-spike over ths big Irce lander's crown, nad te little beoatesin rolinS he?aleon overboard. Then had fosttte tweaTy-esght days epeat hs irons, riclott to the ship's side on the under dAc, with brast waeCr diet every seson3 dJy and notthin between. Fiuslly, by the secret good-feliw Vat"on basme alter slavery, sod Stehenhud s+m anshoro whilehis ship lay at abr in theesto he had drifted no on a e ioo l gJ .~ H1 0oninuei to lice there with the truiwho kept it. She I t- been the illegitint e . Ii t of -n insolcant English debtor asd the oaaghtor her father, pat out to res by her mother Irsd in ignora:stso, resred in impjsriiy, assd ha PWRews into a buxozo huusy--ille, .oamodesi, rattia, the soaerof loslarset for heoliltaee withina rdiusio milt. By what trt, whs-t hints, what napeas what afluremeauts, tias trxllop got poctiote of Stephen Orry it i not hbrd to gais. atit, he was a hunted ma, sad only one who dam do aaythig doreopS' doere to him. NSct, he wa a forer , dumb Olnnble to lear more t~"a' his eyoeld tell bia of the women who bed gies him shtltEC. and the eressot drib that ever trailed apetifu-i asows hew to hide her alatternly hatswhile she ishankering atqer afinerow V mwaS e'lngrrhtacmtL that tr much sgop in corners, many jeers, f an?,l o ea taegoin of female hendl,, the viclr of the trs, Pruron lilc, fcsnr. one day at the autu iPoert-y.V un, aund oa the follva Suna. day moraug, at church, little Robbie Chrstian, a tho elerk ant saxtou read out the askings, for a the mariage of Liss Kilty, spinster, of the ari"shb of tau ghold, and Staophu Olr batlho. t lor, out of Icelaa/. Wint ia wedcdng it was that came three weeks r Liza ore i gay n; ,"ovrnl thalt had i een lont her bi a ncighborur, ieia.t Coobraghh, a .rir who hati meant to heo uarrie in it her sela t? ieyei b bffor, but hod not fully carrieda out her aoral iatcftioo and hadl daincJ bat-e a child, WeairIg such borroe r ilumics and a I li..en smlle of leiatitce, L? stratte dupto the t C'ommuuiufn rail, lookeiag impudttlyo into the men's faces, e-. suily tinto the woncu'es-for y itiehLurch wa thronmgd oi:h an odorous mob that kec,t up the jabh'rieg of -iogs at sepaw- lnd Stephen Orry slouchod after her ia hisf hlocezy g l:ratos with a doainolrier, shame- h faced, rv n.ua look that his Lulkty annoere could. t eoi-,iaL Tho:awtt h .a wel.iag feait it rus r,..t foi:owe 'Od TL. ile ~ Ib in o i i'ort-yVulli recked and swnooed with men and women, :ad r.ai out a the eo asd a.l pbltces h of the iaieh, for the time of year woe prino1 and tie day was clawiz?arnd arm. Lizat olod hi lovera were there ihi troops. With a ken of el rUa over his shoulder Nary Crosve, the mu- b keeler, had corn. dowa front the" ' ihernitia to give her joy, ladl Clesaliu?ar, the butcher, I had brought her up half a lanOb ftrom Bala. glas, and iatt aylhobroet, tha net-m:aher--a t, voil old oh iishtlnt-hail cermoi his bigsnunff. hboe to the iri, for the mnlay noses of the g'?iis. On the tale, thIoierm, lthae.legg eL sti, O, l and tit heearth, they sat tagitaer chesh by jwtl, their hats hung on the roof rafters, th.ar Iplats perlcht on thir kares,. And lol d wes their llaughilr and dubious tz their tale. Od1 Thirsito Coabra; h led on on thie urdlvaotoio of aoarriage, sahing it was middlla' llahi thalt tihe gels nya?davs maust b it nwe:led t whea they were bbies in aors, for a Lpe-hutildeus wersi vriaon, and n gwlor father hl't aore in a general way to looa like nfool; but oary Crowse Sae aa o hrm it an bit i sweet. he-tin;, :rod Cleave iinley sail no, of noorse, e not if a nun wasn't putin notions into a gel's head ; ad hiltt hiolehrcast for his part thought the ?Ls were araain"' like the ghosts, for tO y got iota every sr -lctoa coetaisaiul t the "it ithen" said Mlt, " I'm an ouldr lachclor, as the saiin' s, afd don't know t,"lI .h.a, tIa of eoere not," laughed the a others ; and thet thare rwa a taii oa toa t ot i 'Li?:an futurea s Narny ram f. " Drop it," sail 'Liza, sa Nary, lifting his cup, Ita -cdl oyer to nhisperi. " So I witl, but it'll he into roo ear, womtln," saild Nary. "So here's to the king th it's comin.' " I3 this timu Step hen had slipped out of the n'ia.oe Il: ce, and wa r eambllu on the lquiet thore alpe, ithe head bhct, chl:vei l hhv ple, a tc e firel, nal hi br~wny ea-Ids thrnt deep iot his toeoet?.c l Lit , thiaagh the dEis e fumes within the house, iBell Ceobhrah noted Stephen, abhsnc?e, nd " Where's your man a" she sail to 'Liec wibh a tnoliiag ligtht in her " iaybe whnoe yoar is, ia i," said 'Lits, with a toso of the hadbr; " near enough, iperhape, but not tsolce to the nako eye." h bhe e.iucts of goina to chureh on 'Linza tillry wirt whh t they ofl? are out a rwomn of ohse nat:ree. tWith a mal to woree for her shla b,,on:c more idle than before, and w-rh notliing to f'er bif betse alcinmre recklsea and sluttish aviir:g hidden her neaietonea in the gown of iniL;e, eh lost the lit rag of womramly shami, Thlr cffets on StfIL'ea Orry were the deepen. hiSof his of, ti gloiom, aid his helplecuness. What purpose in ithe ho ever had was para.n l:e-cd. On hils frt coming to the iruand he had ti!cie to the mackeral fishing in the boats of IKne Wide--a shrewd hsarnman, who found the bi;, dumb Icelander a skilful fihetman Now he neglected his wtor, lost seld-reliance, and lay about for hours, neither thinking nor fcaling, bOt with a look of sheer stupidity. And so the two at together in their ditch, sinking I day brday deeper anl yet deeper into the minr of idlenes?, morosenets and mutual loathing. Nertheless, they had their cheerful hours t to'ether. fhe ' king' of Na-y's toast soon came. A child was bermt-a bonty, sunny boy as ever eti ee hreath ; out 'Lia laoked on it as a check to her freedom, a dram on her energy, some. ehins h.-1bta .tr, ,-.LAii to hnr fia Ci rrfi' 5o the unnatural mother neilectel it, and Sephen, twho sas reminded by its comne that ILRchl had heen about to give birth to a child, tired his heart from it and ignore r it. Thus there spiritbreaking years dragged on, and Stephen Orre gren woe-be-'one and sne eyed. Of old he had been slotfal and epirit ess indeed, but not abase man. Now his whole natur was all but gone to the gutter. He had 1 once been a tuth-.L-tler, but living with a wo:ncn who assumed that he must be a liar, ha hd endel by berainag on. le had no com pasy sasve her companv, for his slow witbhad und it hrd to leant ihe Englaish tonge, and she alone cohuld h'ly follow him ; he had no dbesle save mt petty ones cf daily food and drink; he bha no purpoa e st-n the degr aing patposo of defeating the Inightly wanderlngs oi his drunken wife. Thus without any human e Ve upon him in the dark way he is going, 'e?,t Or had grown c oaro en d base. e lit the end nwas not yet, Of all this man was to be and know. One night, after spending thi day on the sea with thoeines for cod, the year deepeninig to .iuttcr, the air muggy afd cord, he went away home, hungry, andl wet and cold, leaving his mates at the door of the "iPlough,a " where there was good company withn and the cheer of n busy fire. Home! On reahing Port-y.Vullia he found the door open, the hearth cold, the floor in a puddle from the dnrin r?in, not a bite or sup in the cupboard, nnd his wife lying densknacrossthe bel, with the child in its grimy blueness creep in and ct-ing about her head. It was the sinning of the cnt. Onc again - he fumbled thehaft of his tsn-am's knife, and then by a quirck implulse ha plucked up the child il hs arm. "Now GoeId li paseL for your gIor fae," he said, and whie e dried the child's pitiful eyes, the hol drops started to his own. ie tit th fre, he cookeld a cod bu hat braus-ht home with him, ho ate himself and fed the ltt!e one. Then he :at before the hearth with the child at his breast, as any mother might do, anl hung ovecr it asonly a woman cauld who hbid suckled it there, for at length it bed Lome to him to know that if it was not to he lost and worsea than orphaed, he must hecvforth be father and mother both to it. iAn when the little eyes, wet no longer, but langahinlike sanshi into the big seated face shove tham sLsggied in vain wath sleep, he wrapped the child in hh raggdl guernsey and put at to lie likr a bundle where the fire could tarm it. Then all beilig done ho eat again, and leaning his elbows on his ners eoeotes his ears with his hbnds, so shut they might shut out the sound of the woman's hbea brathing. It was on that night, for the fIst titne sine he fled from leehind, that he saw o-the fu depth of his offeate. Oe-nco Crime it wan, and that ef the liackrht; ne-I thO teermu of his latonears he trembled at the thought that somo day his hortbl damb secret would brooms known, that sonatling would appen to tell it -that he wasmarried already when ho marreid the noman who toy beihind ira. At that he saw hoa loo ho bad fallen-from her who onct had been so pure and true beside him, and bed loved him and given, p father, and home, sno fame for him ; to this trll, who now dragged him through the slush, ondtrodon mans that what she bad tattered for bim, who had given him everything, he bout aneer repay bhyoue kindedcworartk. Lostmeewastoema for ever and ever, and parted from him by a y"twider gulf thai five h~UaLed mile of sea. aoch wao the ngony oa his shame, and through it oll the snare ot the sleeping womnn went nie iran through his had, so that etlasst ho wrpp ped his atmo about it itd sobbed out to the dead firs at hiofee, "?ltehl ! lsea.he •toel,?e Al- at otce ho bearma eoncitops that the bean! besbltoog had ceael, that the touse -was silent, thatsomething had touched him on sound of his veins bed arien from erdetlen heseth neither anscertig nor looking up. Then with eyes oa hats she cried again, "Who is Riehel ." ' aHt the only voice that answered her was the roie that onug within hi?-" i'm a loot man. mtran d tle sound of 'at name from ber ips, themost awful thsnh hit his soal,?d ye. 'a Who is she! £ayto Answer ms,, bs "Cried it a rai?-, rog ; hut he h mucharo o em still, with bh baggard fase and misty eyes Thein s latb! her bend osn hshooalder and shok him; and ot st bitterly. 0 , Who is ahe, this light o'lov --tlis bag t be tiffened imosel up, shuddered from haod to oot, fiano her from him, and I anuwecdtin a teritbleo mc, " Woa? n, she is mywife !" ?mtL word, like a thunderbolt left a heavy silence behind it, 'Liza stood bolting in terror at Stephen's face, unable to utter a cry. But next day she went to Parson Gell and told him alt.l. She got small comfort. Parson oll had himself had two wives ; the first had deserted him, anl after an interval of six years, in which he h.et not heard from her, he had I married thIsecond. So to 'Lisa he said, " He may have sinced gainst the law, but i what proofharoyou ? None." Then she weat to the Deemster at ILamsey,. It was DeeOcuter Lace-a baclelor much given t to secret gdlantries. She got as little cheer from this source, but yet she came away withi one drop of solace fer- c menting in the bitte?resl of her heart. "Tut, woman, it's more common than yru think for. And where's the harm? Oh ! it's happened to same of the best that's going: Now,i? f he'd leatena ou, or struckyou"-and a the good man raisc.l Loth mis anmd shook his I head. Then the thought leapt to her mind that she herself could punish tstoehen a huendredold worse thain ay law of bishop or deemater. If she could she would not now put him away. He s should live on with her, husband or no hut. band, and she with him, wife or no wife. On her way home she called at the house of f oane Wade, sat down with old Bridget, shed some crocodile tears, vowel she daren't have tould it on no account to no other morthal t sowl, but would the heart of a woman blave it ? I her man had a wife in his own counthry i Bridget, who had herself had four husbands, irfted her eands in horror, and next day, when Stephen Orry went down to the boats, Kame Wade, who had newly turned Methodist, was F there already and told him-whittling a stick a as he spoke-that the tihling was wonderful lean livm gottin', and if he didn't shorten hands it would be goin' begging on the houses they'd all be, sarten sure. Stephea took the hilt in silence, and went ofit home. 'Liza saw him coming, watched him from the door, and studied hus hard set face with a grna s:nile on her own. Next do: Stepheu went oil to Matt Mvl chree-t the notlnaker, but Matt shook his head, saying that .\taesmen had struck against foreign men all over the island, and would not work with them. The day after that Stephen tried Nary Crowe, the innkeeper, but Nary said, of coorse, it wasn't himself thot was I particular, only his customers were getti n' nice extraordinary about a mau's moral cha. racier. As a last hope. Stephen went up to Cleave Kinuley, who had land. and asked for a crolt of five acres that ran down to the beach of Port-y Vullin. "Nothing easier," said Kinley, " but I must havre six pounds for it beginning half quarter day." The rent was high, but .tephen agreed to it, and promised to go again the following day to seal his bargain. Stephen was prompt to his engagement, but Kilcley had gone on the E mountains after some sheep. Stephen waited, and four hours later Kioley returned, looking abashed, but dogged, and saying he must have good security for a rear's rent down. Stephen went back home with his head deep in his breast. Again the woman saw hitm coming, ain she studied his face, and again she haughed in her heart. " He wilt lift his hand to me," she thought, " and then we shall see." But he seeme.l to read her purpose, and determined to defeat it. She might starve him. herself, and their child, but the re?enge she had set her mind upon she should not have. Yet to live with her and contain himself at evSery bruutal net or bestial word was more thtan he could trust himoedf to do, and he determined to flyawray. Let it be anywhere--anywhere if only out of the torture of her presence. One place was hke amnother in Mann, forgo where he would to any corner of the island, there she would surely follow him. t Old Thurstan Coobrmgh, of Ballacreggan, gave him work at draining a flooded meadow. It was slaery that no other Christian man would do; but for a month Stephen Orry workel up to his waist in water, and lived oni barley-bread and porridge. At the end of his jobhehad 3ss. saved, and with this money in his pocket, and the child in his arms, he hurriedl down to the harbour at Ramsey, where an Irish packet ey ready to sail. Could he haveoapssage to Ireland? Cer. Stephen Orry had never hera untl then that before a man could leave the Isle of MIan he must hold a heence permitting him to do " Go to the high bailiff," said the captain of the packet; and to the high bailiff Stephen Orgy went. I" come for a licence to go away into Ire land," he said. " Very good. But where is your wife ?" said the high bailiff. Are you leaving her be hind you to be a burden on the parish :" At that Stephea's heart sank, for hesaw that his toil had been wasted, and that his savings were worthless. Doomed he was for all his weary days to live with the woman who hated hLn. He was bound to her, he was leashed to her, and he must go b-rnimerl and bedraggled to the dregs of 1e.' with her. So he weut back home, and hlid his money in'a hole in the thatch of the roof, that the touch of it might vex his memory no more. And then it flashed upon him that what he was now suffering from this woman was after all no morethat. the complement and counter part of what Racheli had suffered from him in the years behind them. It was just-yes, it was just-and because he was a man and Rachel a woman, it was less than he deserved. So thinking, he sat himself down in his misery with resignation, if not content, vowing never to lift his hand to the woman, however tormented, and never to leave her, however tempted. And when one night, after a storm, an open boat came ashore, he took it and used it to fish with, and tlus he lived, and thus he wore away tus wretched days. And yet he never coulaid have borne his punishment but for the sweet solace of his child. It was the flower in his dungeon, the bird at its bars. Since that bad night, when his secret had burst from him, he had nursed it nd cherished it, and had done for it many tender offices. Every day he had softened its oatcake in his broth, and lifted the barley out of his own bowl into the child's basin. In the summer he had stripped off shoes and stockings to bathe the little ankles in the bay, and m winter he had wrapped the child in his jacket and gone bare-armed. It was now four years old and went everywhere with Stephen. astrideo on his broad back or perched on his high shoulders. He had christened it Michael. but because its long wavy hair grew to be of the colour of the sun he called it, after the manner of the people, Sanlock. And like the sun it was, in that hut in Port-y-Vullin, for when it awoke there was a glint of rosy light, anl when t s!ept allwas gloom. lie taught it to speak his native Icelanlic tongue, and the wooean, who foundevoerything evil that Stephen did, founde this a barer betweenher andthechild. Itwas onlyinhisigno rance that he did it. But oh, strJnge destiny that out of the father's ignoranco was to shaps the child's wisdom in ths days that were to come! And little Sunlocks ws eyes and ears to Stephen, atnd hopeto his crushed spirit and in telliteace to his slow mind. At seght of the !child the vocnt took would die away from Stephen's face; at play with him Stephen's great hnking legs would run hither nod thither t ready willingness : and at hearing his strange questions, his wondrous answers, his pretty, eeversayings. Stephen's poor dense wait would seem to stand gape. Oh, littleSunlockh-little Snmlocks- floating like the daydawn into this lone man's prison house, how soon was your glad light to he o-ercast! For all at once it smoteStephen itb a blow on the brmm that though it wos right that ha shoultd lie with the women, yet it ewas n awful thinng that the child should continue to do so. Growing oup in such an atmospahere withsuch anoeampl e always prmsent to his eyes. whant awouldthe ehildbet ome l Soured, saddened, perh scnsuintg, perhaps mulieioas; t laost adaptcnghimself, ashis father had done before him, to theair he ond to breathe. And hinkling thatlittla Smtdocks, o now o et, sw e sunny, so artless, so ienocot, must come to thi, ali the gifof Stephen Oty's faterme tod his wthroat agm t rould he do? Take little Snotoths asny? Thst was imposuible. for he could not tae himself away. WVhy had Uhs child been born? Why hod ho not died? Would not the good God take him to himsl even now, e asl the seetomss of his childhood? N'o, no, no--not that either ; and yet-yes, yea, Stephens poor clew brain etrcggled long with this thought, and at lengtlh a ecaue and sotlemaidon tookhold of it; little eunloekn mu tdie, and he must hil him. Stephen Orry did not wrigle wIlth his on ectence, orifho rozened it natail le made him' I self boliers that itwould not be sin but s?critice to pt with the thing he held dearest it al the orkld. Little Sunloeks was his life, but little Sanlockamustdie! Ietter,beter, better sot And haring thusdetemine he went ea - touly, d sd even cunningly, to work. When p toh little one lad disappred, he himself would never be suspected, for all the island f would say be loved it too tenderly to do it a wrong, and he would tell everbody that hlie had i taken it to some old body in the southwho had S wished to adopt a child. 8o with Sunlocksa laughing and crowing astrid hir,shoulder, he called at Kane Wade's house on Billnre one day, aund told Bridget how he should miss the little chap, for Suclocke was ginug down to the Cl!f very soon, and would not come home again l for a long time perhaps not formany a year, perhaps not unt he wasl a big elipof a ladnd, j, ma be--who could tell ?--he would never come c back at all.c Thus he laid his plans, but even when they o were complete he could not bring himself to a carry them through, until one day, going up from the beach to sell a basket of crabs and e cel, he found 'Liza drinking at the "Hiber man." h HOw she came by the money was at first his surprise, for Nary Crowe had long abandoned ii her; and having bitter knowledgo of the way S she had once spent his earnings, he himself gave her nothing nowe. But suddenly adark thought came, and he hurried home, thrust his hand d into the thatch where he had hidden his li savings, and found the pl empty. i That was the day to do it, hethought ; and S he took little Suolocks anmdn his chubby face and combed his yellow hair, curling it over t his own great undeft flnb?ro, and plot lis best clothes on him-the white cotton pinafore, and the red worsted cap, and the blue stockings fiarhly darmed.. Ii This he did that he might comfort the child for the last time, and also that he might re member him at his best. And little Sanlocks, in high glee at such busy preparations, laughed much and chatteredlong, asking many question s.p "Where are we going, father ? Oat-eh ? Where ' " We'll see, little Sunlocks; we'll see." "IBut where ? Church ? What day is this ?" " The last, little Sunlocks, the last." "Oh, I know, Sunday." h When all was ready, Stpphen lifted the S child to the old perch arvs his I shoulders, and made for the shore. His boat waslyingaground there; he pushedit adrift,c lifted the child into it, and leapt after him. Then, taking the oars, he pulled out for laug hold Head. Little Sunlocks had never been out in the boat before, and everything was a wonder and do- a light to him. " You sad you would take me on the water t some day. Didn't you, father" " Yes, little Sunlocks, yes." It was evening, nand the sun was sinking b behind the land, very large and red ts ht setting. S " Do the sun fall down eve'ry day, father?" a " It sets, little Sunlocks, it sets.' " What issets ?" Dies." " Oh." The waters lay asleep under the soft red 8 glow, and over them the sa fowl were sailing. '"Why are the white bir.ls c'caminig i " " " S aybe they're calling their young, little Sanlockl." a It was ate spring, and on the headland the sheep were bleating. V "Look at the baby one-away away, up yonode. What's it doing there by iltelf en the oek, andteTn aod e'ingant Oying1" " " Maytbe it's?ost, little bumlooks." " Then why doesn't somebody go and tell its father "' And the innocent face wasfull of trouble. d The sun went down, the twilight deepened, theair grew chill, the waters black, aadStephen was still pulling round the head. "Father, where dos the night go when we are esleep ?" "To the other wor:d, little Sunlocks." " Oh, I know- Heaven." Stephen strip rel off his guernsey and wrapped it aboutthe einll. IHisa ey shlone brightly, his mouth was lrched, buho e did not flinch. All thoughts, save one thought, had fadled from his Ashe came toport Moaar the moon roe, and h about the same tim the light appecadn on Point of Ayre. A little inter he saw the twinkle of lesser liehts to the south. They were the lights of tuaxy, where many happy children gladdened many happy firesiles. He looked around. There was not a sail in sight, and not a sound came to his ear over the low murmur of the seaos gentle swelL " Now is the time." he thought. Ie put in his ours and the boat be-an to drift. and do it.. The little one owould sleep oono and then it would be easier done. So h. took him in his arms and wrapped him in a piece of sil cloth. "Shut your eyes and sleep, little Sun locks." " I'm not sleepy, I'm not" Tet noon the it:le lido feil, opened again and fell once more, and then suddenly the child started up. But I haven't said my p'avers.' " Say them now, little Sunlocks." " GenUs Jesus, meek andmild, Look upon a littlechild, Guardimo whilein sleepl lie, Take me to Thy home on- on- " " Would you lihke to go to heaven, little Sunloeks i" " " No." " Why not " "1 want to keep with--witi--ilay f.th-"-' The little eyes were clooed by this time, and thechild was asleep on Stelhea's knees. Nowa wastho timo--now- nou . lut no,it washader now than ever. The little face-so silent, so peaceful- how formidable it was ! The little soft hand in his orwn big harJpalm--howstrong and ter rible ! Step hen looked down at the child and his bowels yearedover it. It coat him a struggle not to kiss it ; but no, that would only make the task harder. Suddenly a new thought smote him. What had this c!ii!d done that he should take itslife ? Who was he that he should rob it of what he could never give it again? By what right did he dare to come between this living soul and heaven? When did the Almight- God tell hiri what the after life of this babe was to be? Stephen trembled at the thought. It was like a voice from the skiks calling on hina to stop, and a hand reaching out of the:n to snatch the chill from his graspr t . What ho had intendel to do was not to be? Heaven had set its face arainst it! Little Sunlocks was not to die! Little Snu locks was to live. Thank God! Oh ! Thank (iod! SBut late thatnight, a group of people stand ing at their doors on the beach at Port LagueO saw a tall lman in his shirt sleeves go by in the darkness, with a sleeping child in his arms. The man was Stephen Orry, and he was sobbing like a woman whoms heart is Shitkeo. The crilds was little Sunlocks, and he was being carried back to his mother's home. The people hailed Stephen and told l~n that a foreigner from a shlr in the bhy had been asking for him that evenin", They had sent the man along to I'ort-y-Vullin. Stephen hurried home with fear ntlhs heart. In five minutes he was there, and then his life's blood rancold. He found the houao empty, except for his wife, anod she !ay outstretched on the floor; She was cold-she aas dead; and in claye. on the wall above her head, these words were written in the Icelandic tongue, "So is Patricksen avenogel" Aveng?dl! Oh, powers of Heaven, that dr.vo the petty passions of men like dust before you! CIKPrER VI. SlItT' WoeLD OF LOY LtD sIu. Three days later the bad lottery of 'Lizs Killey's life and death wasplayed out and done. On the morning of the fourth day, some time Ibfore the dawn, thoughl tte mists were rolling in fmrontof it, Stephen Orry rose in his silent hut in Port-y.Vullin, lit a fire, cooked a hasty meal, wakened, washed, dressed, and fed little Sunlocks, thennailed up th door from the out side, lilted the eluld to his shoulders, and turned bis face towards the south. When he paused through Laey, thu sun stood high, and the dust of the roads was beming driven in their faces. It wse long pest noon when he ca-no to Dougias, and at a little shop by tbhe harbour bridgehe bought apenntyworthof barley ?oke, gave half to Sunlooln, put the other half into his pocket, and pushed on with longer strides. Thetwoilght was deepening when he rohebd Castletown, and there he inquirel for thel house of the Governor. It was pointed out to him, and through healy iron gates, up a windling ar .risce-way lined uith elms end bordered I wia do odils, he made towards the onlydoor hoeaw. It was the main entrance to Gogernment house, a low broad porch, witha hooch on either side, and teros-bsrrom dor oI knotted oak. Stephen Orry posed before it, loolked I nervoudly around, and then inocked with his I knuckles. IHehd walkedei and twentymites, carryingthe child all the way. Ies wsweary, ofootsore, hun vry, ancovrmdwithdusl. The child onthis shoutlder was bgrimed and dirty, his little face smeared in strenak, his wary hatr aloaded and unkept. A footman in red and a buf, powdered, Staed, gartered ad dainty, opendthe door. Stephen Orrey oasked for the Governor, Tbs footman looked oat with sa prise at thbeldmraggled man with the chill, and in asked who he woas. Stephen told his name. The footman nasked where e caneto from. Stephen answered. The footman asked what he came it for. Stephen did not reply. Was it for meald le Stephen shookhilo Lead. Ormoney? Stephen h saidno. With anothelr glance of surprise the si footmashut the door, saying the Governor was if at dinner. a Stephen Orry lowere I the little one from his ri shoul ler. sat on the bench;in the ,rc.h, place I ti the hlild on his knee, anl gave iha tale re. mainder of the arley cake. All the weary a journey through he had been patiCet oad Itl cheerful the brave little man, never once h crying aloud at the pains of his lonb ride, never w once whimpering at the deaf tht th tinrly l d hius, or tlse hat Chatstat hen thchrsy. Ilohding e C athis father's cap, ihe had laughis- ant sa5ng to evenwith the channels still wet on hie choeks, kO where the big drops had rolled from his eyed to I his chin. ti Little Sunlocks muncleed at his barler cal:e is in silence, asd in th. getltherinl dt-rktcss It Stephen watched him as he ate. A ait ti once a silvery peal of chil's laughter came c from within the house, and little StuneoctL o dropped the barley cake from his moutlh to listen. Again it came; and the grlmy face of t little Sunloeks lightened to a smile, sla that of is Stephen Orrvlowered and fell. "Wouldnvt you like to live in a house like g this, little Sunlock?" '" " Yes-with my father." t Just then the dark doosr oj:ened agai, and the I footman with a taper in Ilt, hand,?came out to U light the lamp in the poreh. " What, here still ':" he sal. " I'm waiting to ste the Governor," Stephen Ii Orre anwered. h Thethe footmanwewn tinand told theGovernor G that a big man and a child were sitting in the porch, talking some forrin lngo tigthler. andll refusingto go away wiithut seeing hlis Excel. b "ring them in," said the Governor. fi Adam Fairbrother was at the dinner-table, c enveloped in tobacco clouds. HID wife, luth, It had drawn her chair asida that she mighlt knit. h sten Orry entred salowly with little ?iSun le " yth hwnd. " Thil the person, your Exe:llency," said the footman. S "Come in, Stephen Orry," said the Go. vernor. I] Stephen Orry's face softenel at that worl of a welcome. The footman's dropped and he dis appere f. T tephen toldhis errand. "I shall come II to have giveyou sometlhig," he said Irving to t speak in Eilish. Adam's wie raise t her eyes and glanced over I him. Adam himsell laid down his pipe ans1 ,f held out his hand towards Sunlocks. But It Stephen held the child back a moment and spoke k again. it "It's all I shall have got to give," he a said. F " What is it ?" said idam. "The child,"said Stephen, and assedlittle I Sunlocks to Adam's outs:retched hand.I . At that Adam's wife dropped her knitting to her lap, but Stephen seeisng nothing of the amazement' written in her face, went on in his I broken words to tell them all--o his wife's life, her death, his own sore temptation, and the voice out of heaven that had called to himu. And then with " a moistened eye and a gLenmc at Sun locks, and in a lower tone as if fearing ft the child might hear, he spoke of what l s, meant to do now-of how he would go back to the herrings, and maybe to sea, or perht ps down intothe mines, but never again to Port-y tullin. And because a lone man was no co.- . pany for a child, and coull not take a little one with him if he would, he had come to it at last that he must needs part with little Sunloeks, lending him, or maybe giving, to someone he could trust. " And so," he seil hus:il h , " I shall say to a mes often and often, 'TtL Glvtceror is a gooal man and kind to me let, lntg aego, and Ishall give little Saloacks to him.'" He had dropped hls ei.tit rote t or-e ias etw spoke, and beuing now ilnnih?l he stoodfumbling f his scraggy goatskin c . I ThenAira'gestif n wh ? I .:..enel in mute surprise, drew here.:f ui, took a long breath, looked first at St,`:-i. ithe at Adam, then back at Stephen, atnl .lId in a l?ted. whisper : 1".Vell, did any I:rvt:; soul ever hiar the like in this island before 1" Not rightly undert.t:.ding wL tt thi sr miht, mean, lporStephcn looked bh:k at her in " Children might be se:tree," hes.aiat d gavea liltte angry eoss of her Lei 1. Still the meaning of wha:t aIhe sai 1 had not worked its way through Si .ce a'is p oea wit, and he mumbtled iu h's ]lr bLu:ldring fashion : " lie is all I have, nm:'an." "Lord-a-massy, r:man" s;-,: cril - i?r., i " but we mi-ht Lhave erych::d e in ot ptar- ,: your price. Stephen's fiagers to : cutl ]lee. at hli cap, hi, parte I lips quicerie, aiil a;-.i le h3ia:.der~ 1t out, stammendy like en i :i.,t : "11 But I love timkeu,mac ::1, 1re than all the world.'" "Then I'll thank you te le:p !.." sh t answered, hotel ; an --c that :l-.re was : dead iileollct for a :l,1m i.'. In all Stephen's reok, u~'g r -r o:ce La I ?i:, countedl on this-thfat f'r hh uleI lrog~i i himo to t o.l itrot, l-:; i ht ,-:uad - with Sunilocks, asi t:ur i .t hick on 1I, never more to le cel .rd by tLis sutny .:e i and merry te;gue, never aga to L wakened by hi:n in thl m.n- i:i , Ii-rve to listen to his pto :e Iathi: in tl;e night, never to feed hia and wi.h hic:. never to carry him shoulder high--ant hluttt i creatur cld say no to hlim from lithought, r the littl fmol he wetiilea cot -r the ltse truuhse he would ask. Stephen stood a moment. wiih his p-or be seildered, stuptiel f:uste Irse dtote, sin:sItte great lumps surgsilg lut in ho throat, as i l.cn. wit2hut a wonr uore,,he ret.l:titel it htis hatl toIwars te child. But all this time Adat lh.l look tlo wvith swimoinig eyes, a:dl notc- hLancu li:'le Suulntts yet clo-er bctaseu hL'one:s, and sei.l. quietly : I Ruth, we are going to keep the little o:e. Twn faggots will hIar Lt:tcr toan .o, al:ui thissweet boywill be cotmtl-ay s Ir oir tittle Greeba." "Adam," slhe cri. "haven't youachilIrea enoagh of oair own, ba: you m::: neltl other foils' ?" " Ruth," he a:t;ere.], '" I have six ens,: and if they had b?cn twelve, p:r-':sa, I h:,ul I have leen cetterp!e?id, e) they had l all b. nnas etrenigand hrt.ay ;aud I have onit daughter. and if there hlad beecan two it wold !ve suiiel me as well." Now the rinour of S: plei Orry's forme-r marriage, which 'Lt-a Lad so z alouly saet afoot, had reacheld G.,oereai :.t-houns by way of Lague, and while Stephen had stpk,,a Adr u had re:nesulered the story, and thikihlg of it to had smnoothe I the r.-1f little Stiltocki, wie a yet tmlderer htl-. IUto Al seau wjife, reocllig it now, said warmly : " M?Isbe you thCik it wisee to b?i= i up your daugihter -with the miirra-'eg it iof iny ra Ithath th cones prowlingalong fr mgoodne? sakno sat where." Sliuth," said Ac.tus, nI quie"ti nm. bCfaee. "wore r goinig to ke.lp thI lit; one," a.i at that his wife mro. and wlk+:d out of thel Tholook of bewhill1runwt h td nt oet h ten driven from SL-phea Orrv's face b tile exiPree sionof joy that had foltalle'-I it ia-nd now he stoodglasuci?ng from Adoin to the dectr tid frti thsedoor to Adanm. as much as to s?rif his eoming had Iroughlt strife hie was ready to gi. But the Govenor waved his hIas I, as thtiughl following his thoughllt nlnd diinsissig it. Then lifting the child tohs Iiknee, lie aoktild hit name, whereupon the litt:e man anssaeretlpro:u tlCi that his nImsse was Suailotks. Sfiehoeal," said lStehen Orry; " but I call him Sunlocke." " Mieh.cl Sunlocks--a good tame, tso. Anl what is hs age " " I'our years." "Just the age of ay own dasling," s.il the Garcresor-; an- re:ting ths chilla oh its feet, he rsng the beil aod sold, "'riuo; little Greba here." A mmnute latter a little broawn-haired lasisie. wsih ruddly aheleks and laushing lips antd sparkling brown eyes, cmini racTiug into the room. She waits in hler niighlt-gen, realy for bad, her feet were bare, and undetr one aru she arried a doll. , Come here, Gro en ee ," said the CrGovernor. nnd he brought tIie clildron face to faice, and then slool asids to wath thenm. ThIey regri--d.t each other fa moment with the etilemuslooenfss that enly chidreu know, r twisting and curling alde, eeeing onenanther furtiverly, neither oe tem seeming so muchl as hto se th other, vet neither of them se:'ing aytehieng or salsylIy e'se. 'hTis littlo 1 freak of child manners roel its coucre, I and then Sounlocks, never heeding his ldusty Ilinafore, or the little maidlle's white ,nightgown, but glaneing down at her bhire feet, and seemnlng to rennember that swhein his own were shoeless somaene etflceet him, stepped up to her, put his arms about her, n, wsitih lordly, mascue supeapority of strength, lrn rceaded to lift her bosily n his arms. £h attempt was a disastrous failure, and in another moment the two were rollIng over eachother on the floor; a result that provoked the little maiden's direst wrath, and the blank astonish. ben meat of little Sunlolle. ane Ilut before the tiardlrop of vexatioun wa yet 'C dry on (Gtreb:'a face, or thesilent bh'ildenusa t ti had gone froth the face of Sunlocks, she was the ho!ding out hier doll in a eitelougl oay in his cs dlirection, an much a to say eo might tonk at it of if te liked, only he mutt notthiik tiht cihe ses iea s'Liog him ; nod he, noting loth for hlr tiarce t: reception of his gallant teald:r, was dcvaursng a thl :ctringe sig;h with cye'; full of ai:r and tihe doll was pasel to9 aducks, twho [aed i the str.ge thing--such as eves ofli hh1 nevler s: behel l-over and over and over, while the ittle womaii broLrtght out frome dark or:nrs of fthe: roee,', cnd from eires's reoe-acs see Ithi asw are1" to liar own I?-eois and nowe, ae 4itl ui elluil asod Spinge tied to it sy a string, a laC ture-ha-c ,rhe.uof the bhlo:ind hlsh, lo ., t ;ouo bits of ribbon, red anl hlu', ando:ald tlre i: tiny cups anl saucers with all thte e.o I'ele i5 wondeir of creinato jg rsndecl t'ot. is thi? e mini tes maore two little (tidies we.:, :tit i u thl:r haInchcr , twio little tlosice' . eieklin" and C'obhlh, the rti a was rippil: r: oveirtil a merry titter, the sCtr:.nt'e s'rih: :s air was gone freom the little facet, t," liltt!: lh eau alodtte littl ali:id es.re far ' ia'..y a lr.is - il tlha little wor'ld s ch"ldhoo i, a ll l t e : t univerPeo b.asi wa. goen^, and losl, and al ir. gotten. ;:Fthen Orry had oleoel do.vn firot Lie arnt heighta tthe c.os. lr e an ths e so e r , Is 1 his dull, s tte eyes ]sad tilhle, farin sceonnaay that he could not foll"w there had cler to him yo at that swectsight the: a dno dlep vuirole g flest i had iline' him in the loet. Aid sceil' how little Saulducli was rapt, Stclhn str'ggie l miktrd th himsel If i and said, trning to the i GIoernar : " Now' sthe time for me totlip :war." 'lhee they left tihc roo'a, uomnticed of thee's beesy people on th floor. 'ftoo hnuuri lc'er, after little Sisn:Uek, Ih i vbin first unli?l his father, his life's frirnd an only l coalpl.nic, ha:llcrIed a little, aindmia Oc.ael up to err out of joy of hi' nc:r cmnradal ip, ul :. had trLn nestled down his sunl, heaud on the `e n ipillow wherle litfle tireelet's curls' doll dso I1, a wiiith e doll betwca him and 'h:r, and sOae ha anlr.:es in his haud to comflrt his heart. u; Steplhca (lrry, unas'le to drag himself af5a5y, the wasn tr etlong the dark roa is about the ho:el. fie Ie went oAl ait lngtlh, aue wa, sean no more at Casrletown for masov years tleredeir r. No, this adoptiio -f little Su:,cnks into the family of the covermur waus :len iencideant tat r produced many eafects, and the firet of them wnu : to seriouas estrang?ment of tdatlm ri.l a sa wiie. Neve:r ihad two persons of teoipratvcuts so op . e I oed lived so long in outc:yard h:acenony. I"r face, like some mountain counatry, revealed iii W befIore nd it o r. Its sling ia ust have bleu keen and eger, its suml Her wa overcalt, and its winter would be cohl and frozen. She ns , not a Mans woman, but calhe of a fa:ila of sal FrOneh' relu;eas, settled as alvocates aun the n'.rth of .the ielaul. Always e.'in of sbhoe , .e e e htcl married ini her early Woe:xl:uthod, weln AdI F'airbrother was newly returned frn lec BarLary, awl his a lvetnraa:s abroel were t:e , ommotl gossip antd sapeculation. But lAdam hald dislaointed her amhition at the outset bya dropcping into the ruts of a homely life. Onle ~ once had she lifted him oat of thes:, and th It wal after twenty years, when the whim and a , wi domhil of the duke' had led him to viit Lague ; and then her impatience, her importunityr, her u fuls ant flurry, and appeals in the name of their roe clildtren, had made him governor. Meantime, te she hadi trlae him six sons in radil succeaion le e during the first ten years of marnaige, and after an an interval of ten other years sihe had borne a o daughter. Four alld tiCnty ye.r? tihe goacd man lived at Peace with her, draine 1 of his bh serenity Iv her restlees?ness, and of his ullse! fishne:s by ler selfi-seeking. With a wise con tempt of tri Its, he had hkept peace over littl things, and the istInd had long -amur d itscl about his pliant disposition. but now th :t for thfe firs time he pIroved unerielding, the islland said he wrs wrng. To aidopt a child nag. ilt re the wish of his wife, to take into his family the of waif of a drunken woman and an idle ab foreigner, was an net of stubborn injustiecu:td we folly. But Adaim held to Ifs purpose, and tMicahacl Sunolocks remainsed at Government. dr hlouse. me A year pasted, and Sunlocks was trans. th formed. No one would have reognisod him. of The day his father brought hin he had been pae undelr tihe dust that covered him; Ie had Ieea tmiindand had trembled, and his eyes had htaced startled, ars though he had already been s b:a.en and cuffed and scolded. A child, like a tI hetrS..ttoe s.1rLuuL uea todl yoUtng to lcef atsie t I gt,'mcilI of the atmosphere ll which he hadto LtI lut,r" . h e;-ir n:ow he had Olpetl like a rote of to it:l uu, Ant Ili c'ccks were ruddy and hi o eyes wreo briht. lhe had become plump audt to ra:cl ::d stulrdy, anl h:s Lhair lad curied hr arsun l.i hi}ead an.l grown yet warscr of hue, th liake ' s L i rlas oi t b-r.al '" the lo1%e seas.a. Ai:J. hke, :o Iirl, he ch:rruptal. talo lung; dIay Lai l -:: ,gutl. :ab over tihe Lou-r Itlulncd bvy aone, bi1,:- b':' h .- as, atleos,.d by all, even wno' t ;i ui in !rs. i'air?,rrth r herovif, wile, wh,?tcvcr il*r O.:,*t to his tlr rei ?,e, ha.d I nt týe u: ,: ye': trs . duh t?e61aw gr I t,"l, d.Tt.. a 's si -en ' tie e' du ,eet ,e r Sri? l' h; ill d, w ?r .ci ct~ )llu : t e".rl ? tie tl:c. ,i i o? t 10i: I lt l t , ciii I r:..et:., a. e 'fa :I't'eesae i im p::.l ,:' ";? .ii , hi]L : -i, tr :'l, i .u. , f. ..i? ,, thit a ,:t "; u s he :Elvrn tiunI: t "j'!, nt h:, ...re, drls-pin' the:as cead .kiun lum a n:::s itn:w::,: c utl th * :: I, , . 1 Sl.lIb." di l._rey u a na chlra er, ute i On ,1 ý .l t l Ii c?:L?. taer w.r: UL he il ttv, to coane-thn iL.t:ie In t.l,l, io i, re hlt , s u.till' a d V'i1 , tl e little li:at , ?,lie:, un-' tu sh, und ;ati.t, "tu: .tall. t , nu:ltlrss of t ralp. .' foar.si.car i?cnet. ad the: t.l (lull-le pei.a wer, trred. Olt hauirbeestclualllnd her ds? :,, .- . ' t o o a htoo t, ti: ,Lie d'.l .c '"e :lc e ' t lc:s. , .i , i1 l:, .i . dri'i, cl i'a ton .u :, t rr. y i if ra ul" s-ci-' ,-iu e t lt 0 , : l lil t:. r , , i:t.1':aJ.m '.!a of ,ght. hr,,. :;+ t:.." ::ht-L; " t... " g' t le ,i t ll l .h i, her ac , ks t1l l, ;, ' t wl '?l, hcei s'r c? a t L; i Lr , hear bri'wlen "ie r ri',luh,-b ii her, ' l r t'i tuck't up iu ti?sW'ic f.ia' , her ucsi L:.re, . " her white? iue su?s-letut swia,.ig 5 .r has dl, w ad cl'tse:n ' It but ', c ,cl A tC c ye'l s , ' ti,,d.i g? rse t,? n re' ot tie road i n.. t . nin or b r:uty u:.1L iealh ?::twune it IL a'ra1 rlu H l ia2 l:u ittlin nlaideu ,it herot :,:? t , .wi. I als. eih :lt .ouar old, , 1 ii ,y at! I ratt [ , it1 i :te and sie,:h'[ rpea:l upl Ina liill etoe di-thoi ai Lundllon, i?Lle(idnoe wlts:h l(tsaw l ribb, t.,.a n.,akig tr" unrself, Otnli having nl' co:nu;-.udn ex-"" rcpt I Ni-cht:y Frenhl gvern.",s, wab w.:, SIer l das hter the dulu hes - ae age i t Sshold i h e woh eIrul. a csiell,w fore a on' chlil. Adcua 1,rompol" a in l " Nu" to her pt' rlp?.1. with what emp;;b?.is his cur .-y woac t cncPer t, riogthe t teo e, cadss tahce?; osrel it t,?h a ote, bessho was in hU 'han a-seens sals' suef ' and thet he ? u se ' wh ot the duches mieht do ter the, chibd eone I dar o -and ir n ' astI wat b n't i a chic lor "or' ath5bd. anste io le ieand woul, rie abeth hiseariito have his d,,ugh:er ' ciiugh up i'o ?IOd, osao at t cs grcat hoss of the i' ke a f Ath- l ? Tehl cus of it was th"t Adam yieadel to he letins 's;l lect shear , his hdeanssl.l.lokd 5 trluele. the little maid herself was in an dlle Greebsren oia ho" But "Io'b C I se l the earre'd,, uns te e Ladies u hsorleback and the h't ant tie little girt ia velret--hould 1, eh l" Ther little asist g oe sas ghcte at the ic' father filled. " But eCtitastel Sulelod-"s, yeu .icia, curvea the little lile; but tiecha1 no re d "Then osn way, GNh neon-run." The little aeidean taek her father at his waet, ol alt woodedabrdg he o b ileer ui e thn Malew Church. ha Iichael Sunlocks hal lately struck up a fast cor friendship with the rartier, old crazy Chabs er A'Killy, who sometimes lent lie his donkey Its for a ride. Barehdad:dt barefooted, wifi breeches rolled up above the knees, his shoes and stocliongs swung about his neck, and hiL tway, yellow hair rough and tangmid, Michael :nolocks wan now sated bareabocked on this donLkey, tugging the rope that e'rved it for curb and snllco arnd prsuoadlng it by the help of a tiacktliorn stick to cross the river to the Leadow opposite. Andl it was just when t;?,o dikciy, a creature of beeoaing nieekneso and Ircit vecneralo age, net retlecting on theseo _r. :':ttl, aud ct nieepit:ing the water at his : t,:li~ wh a lensivo eye, that Grecba, radiant lia t ile hclgicss of iher marvellous hat, came s c:;:pig ou toi the bridge. in a moment she blurted out hir news le. il, ren truiiy gusts of breath, anld lichiel Sun. 1ks, pauIc'sog from his labours, sat on his uiice in.asit, citd looked up atlher with great wonder iu his wide blue eyes. " And I shall sea thi carriages, and the Sli t oil n horback, nnul thie ships, and the wax. :.ill1s, :and the wtil:l Ira, t,." lit e cs r f Swtl,,c;, s rci:r lhazy an]d wet, but .i lc: .tte iilucr:l retttle.l on, cio:l.in her eye i":".:i n s!c .I" c ;;cIk at hi:r rcilctiii in idthe miooth river, ifr It took a worild of glances to co Cv f, iliar with thIe mlarvel that sat on "And I s:iall wcarvlvet flocks, andl have nl.:w hats often, and liots f goiiolie and things ; an:il-and didn't I always svy a good fairy mwould cnome for te e cile dlay.' " What are talkiLr; of, you slly i" said Lti:h ael Salwrires. " I'n oiut a illy, and li'm igoinb away, and youi are it ; andl 'll havei girle to play rwith cIcv, nct bvd-there:" Mietiael Sunlocks could blear no more. Hius err ovcr:lutwed, but hia ch'ciks rei,:icd, ant he " What ldo I car, yon ctipiic ? Tou can go, if vao like," uIrl theil d ovici lesa his :cick with a sounding tlhwagck ai. the doukey's iiw, startle! out of all coniiueuru bi such -ciudiln and siumtaliy ad i r s , cthe boast threw up his hinder lrZs and ducked down hiis head, :.ad tumbled his rilder into the water. Michael Sunlock i erscranl,le to his fct, all dripsping wet, but with eyes ailal:e and hlist litle liph set chard, and then laid hild of the ripe lridlo and tug.ei lwith one lhat. while wi:h thel stick in the other he cudgelled the idonkey until ie had f,,re?l it to cross the river ]While thui rough wor cas going fcrwanl, ir. cii, whoi hiad hricki.I1 acc. Michael's fall, stood tremltling with claed uiands onl the bridge, and when ail way over, the little nani tureted to her with high dii,laii, and stil. afniter a mihty toass cf 1i glietenmg wet heal : " Did you thlink I wa ildrowned,. you silly ? WI. doil't you go, ii you ire goiuc.l ' Noi t ali tihe edIinlocr of ,ie ccid il feather could help the little maid!ite to withstand indifierence like this, so hei r lip fell, anid he said : " 'ell, you needn't say so, if you are glad Anid i locks answere l "Whuh says I'm gla l? Not that I ciay I'm not, neitlher," -he n'tel quickly'q,leJiind aItride lisleast "Wlhere cipon reGreel e said, " If oui had been going awa.i, I should have cried," and then to save her-elf from burltino out in his very face, seh turned about quickie and tled. " But I'mc not such a cilly, I'm not," Michael Sunlocks shouted after lier, and then down came another thwack oil thledonker, anl away helped acrossl te mecldo:r. But bvfore hie had riddlen far heo drew rein and tirioteol about, and no his blue eyes were swimminmhg once acre, " Greeba," he called, and his little voice broke, but no answer camoe ack to him. " Greela," lie called again, more loudly, but Greeba did not stop. "(roee '." oie shouted with all his strength -", Greebd. --Gree) t "' But tile little maid had gone, andi there was no response. The bees were hulmming in the gold of the gorse, and the iire-!lies were buzzing about the donkey's cars, while the mountains were fading away into ia didm wet haze. Ialf an hour later the carriage of the duchess drove out thrucaci thI iruni gaes of aove?n. meat-thouse, andil tle little maiden seated in it by the side of the stately lady was crying in voice of child-like grief : " S o -Sunlock-Slocks ! LittleSunlocks !" The advantage which the (Governor's wife proposed to herself in parting with her daughter she neergieed, cnd ont of the ecOret ends of ore W .. H,...,1,.. ,. .... * --.?---- ----..:--,. -., Grrcela, the girl's atlence froi home ledt Adam to do the more for Michael Sunlocks. Deprived of his immediate object of affection, his own little maiden, Adeit lavished his lovleon t stranger whIom chanIce had brought to his door: beiog first prompted thtereto by the thought, which came only when it was too late, that in sendinc Greleb aaC to be ecompany to somel other chaildhe had hleft ",or little cunlcks at home to bosole eom pary to himncslf. Beat Miclhael Sunlocks soon won for himself the, careises th it were once due merely to pity of his Incelicess, acn.l Adtlau's heart went out to hi:n with the strong aiffectio of afather. tHe throv;, he grew-a tall, lithe, round-limbed !al, n-;t tithe smack iof a man in his spec,:ih nd ways, and all the strong 1-ctc -t" a cigo-'rou womanl in his face. T ar i ,0!o',t.1 ye.ar, htis schooldays came t:,d v,-:ulat, lae Lecnain more and yet ire the Giovernor'a quic right had, , i pa anl his u rv, ,ceven his judgcment al ; ,:e .tali he lehio , l "o . It was 'l M ichael .mhl)cks"' here. .lud ". s1 chac. iutlockas theltr, anal " b.liel :, l dui,, ýk twrill see to tflit," and Yot i ai t c ,f .l- 1 .Ie it to .Michael Sun ,'<.." au l u au:' ::. e" itc;:ly ac:d winsome il. w1hict c a mi s :alta ind i-urocud, nee of od. c to hi:. ow, fr r,:e 111, f cocil t.:3 rc-lciio sweet . ci' e?lutiful, th -re w, re int wlho incid it l=.id'' ::u nj c:st, i:,c!rin all ci u cllaierc lire. ',.r "n' of at fl:her ftr a ;tr:.;;, rlc.w rre hse orn i :.L u : l:.:i fIr::. st an uou! t t ,e,' ;h. o took til,' u.fct ,:,r:t ulb.?v:^ hcr v, 't",r-: -.ai:lhno:her ,i:n l-r t :, ;h' 1 . ?: a, ..: . n :bl tu 1h,; ':x :ul+t ?. , ' .n . : o:: i a ' ,d :rt rn ion o ix ru::". i .t., a i l i,- Islut < . i . w,, r >ugh finer shtd -,:, out d hi ,; , 'i: ?rh l :.t muisy p "i ts. A -her, tit . '.l ' , the " a l thirty h. u'b lul,,a0cks , t lil. n, ;v t" ftir, u-th grey vr "s. flabbv face. alad au tlhin i ,,;r 1k ~f, lod rt", Lot uub :s vattlaro 1e tlias fori I,tlr th-iu: t, r ta o the e ,1 !,, : e. . ciia , ri-lt , m.:e, wh t'c .1 : ' w., r . it i his . '," i U. ? t W arl ' i u i yG , the s,, oat i tun, and S:cy m . wat u, aIur,, I,r'h rutel, ;: Il-l t -bl.i-- 1 tnI. ', r' lr, tc l1" I 1 .I- r w lih not-c c l tje f it' fr. i thl e ,ry, f, r "wo l th ."e stldr :.rc. M l a tene, ii:,: d i, , i , ii wi : hllb t,, ..e :, i, tl ,l tic' . i T h',' '. - un - c 1 : dHli wioth , 1 icit - d, r lt , : rI , l e -t ici-i ti ai he mi ,ir.ir lvii ictci" eyeo whei n, ond ile, -ic ifli C1 be fcc'aeid , .it-i?ni? titi ccliti ii c-cc iftlll thlile ilad ia t wa toato tCl r-tue Cf any Adrnls liicalu i, ,cltiiccbico.-.s0 