ILLUSTRATIONS TO CHARLES DICKENS UNDER THE HAMMER. The rush into the auction room of original drawings (not already otherwise appropriated) designed to illustrate tlie works of Charles Dickons shows that the popularity of the great novelist is as fresh a3 ever. Two interesting sales of theso memorials, so eagerly absorbed by collectors, have takcii place under the auspices of Messrs. Sotheby, Wilkinson and Hodge with in less than a month, and tho prices obtained by tho fortunato ex-proprietors are such as to offer a substantial solatium for the dispersion of these ttcasurcs, upon the preservation of which they may reasonably congratulate themselves. The precarious fato of such memorials may be assumed from the circumstance reported of Habldt Kuight Browne, who must bo regarded as artistic exponent in chief of Dickens's crea tions, that when the artist had etched his de signs on the plates, the originals were thrown into the fire, or given away incontinently to tho3e of his friends who had the temerity to ask for- them. Tho illustrations to Dickons have happily escaped this ordeal, and their whereabouts may be satisfactorily ascertained. The original dosigus by Seymour and Phiz for the Pickwick Papers are in Paris, in the possession of Mr. W. Wright, who has also secured the Pickwick vignette, and several of G. Cruikshank's designs for Sketches bp Boz. Mr. Stuart Samuel owns, among others, part of the Boz series, and these may at present be studied by the curious at their caso iu the galleries of the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colors, in the Humorists' Exhi bition, where a feature is made of tho original drawings to Dickens. Several of tho sketches for Oliver Tw'.st, Nicholas Nickleby, The Old Curio sity Shop , The Christmas Carol, and others may bc there interviewed, together with the whole of the original "working" drawings, as transferred to his plates by the artist, for three of Dickens's novels, David Coppcrjicld, DomJbey and Son and Bleak House, There also is the admirable scries of water color drawiug for Oliver Twist made somewhat late in life, by G. Cruiksbank for his patron, Mr. F. W. Coiens, who also rejoices in a unique sorios of illustrations in water coloi'9 executed by Habldt Knight Browne, under similar circumstances, to illustrato nearly all Diokons's works. Another interesting souvenir is tho version by C. R. Leslie, R.A., painted for his friend tho author, of Mr. Pickwick surprised by his fricuds with Mrs. Bardoll in his arms, whioh was secured at Dickens's salo. Mrs. Cruikshank possibly treasures up tho two do- signs made by her husband over half a century ago— his artistic contributions to tlie Pic Nic Papers , and the six designs executed by Phiz for the samo work, as edited by Dickens, may como into tho markot at any unexpected momeut. The highest prices hitherto reached have boon givon for Seymour's designs for Pickwick. Six of those in various stages of completion appeared in tho auction room on tho 14th June. Ono sketch, Tho Pickwickians in Mr. Wardle'a Kitchen, had never been published, and seem ingly supported the artist's theory, that tho designs wero origiiially executed as a tentative Bcrioj to bo "written up to" at n later dato, when the "literary hand" came iu. Tho re maining five were merely skotohos for the draw ings which subsequently passed into the posses sion of Messrs. Chapman and Hall. Those wcro Mr. Pickwick Addressing the Club (a largo version by "Phiz" iu colors of the immortal founder of tho club is exhibited at the Humorists'), the Pugnacious Cabman, Dr. Slam mer's Dofiauco of Jingle, tho Runaway Chaise, and a slight outline of tho figures subsequently ombodicd in tho design for the Dying Glown, better known as tlie Stroller's Tale, whicli turned out so unhappily as concerned tho artist's own fate. "With those was a miniature portrait of Seymour, painted in monochrome by Taylor, and the historical letter iu Dickens's hand, with the signature "writ large," to lib unfortunate illustrator, probably tho only ono ho ever re ceived from tho author, asking the artist, as a personal favor, to mako another drawing for the etching of tlie Dying Clown, and convivially adding "I liavo asked Chapman and Hall to take a glass of grog with me on Sunday evening, when I hope you will bo ablo to look in," Theso inoiucntos long remained in the possession of Seymour's family, and most interesting is the letter whioh formed part of tho little collection, written by tho artist's son to tho original pur chaser of theso relics, who probably secured them for a tritlo. Tho prico reached by this small parcel would havo amazed all tho parties concerned in their production— Mr. Quaritch carried them off for £500. Tho sum rccoivcd by Seymour for the com pleted drawings, including tho plates ctohed by hb hand, probably did uot oxcecd six guineas apicco. H. K. Browne, through who30 f&oilo; artistic intorprotation generations of Diokons's admirers most realise the novelist's universally familar characters, it is bolioved, was satisfied to work for no moro extravagant z enumeration. The sale of his original drawings, dosigned to illustrato ilfarfm Chuzzlewit, and tho water- color drawings' for 'the riiiz vignettes, followod tho Soymour studios on the 9th of July. A fow of theso skotohos - brought prioes whioh might havo astonished tho illustrator ho l»»ss than tho author The well known and elaborate frontispioco, Tom Pinoh at tho Organ, tho player's figure surrounded by a fanciful vbion of the characters in the book, "an epi tome of all tho salient iuoidents," as evolved from tho musician's revorio, expressed in miniature with great spirit, was oarri.nl off by Mr. Lover for £35 ; tho buyer secured a bargain in Mr. Finch and Ruth, unconscious of a visitor, tlie famous beef steak pudding episode, which was sold for the modest figuro of £11 10s. Mr. Pecksniff on hb mission (to the abode of Mrs. Gamp) reached £15 153.; the Pleasant littlo. family party at Mr. Pecksniff's brought £14 10s. . Judging by the fierce competition, the drawings in which Sairey Gamp figured seemed tho- prime favorites, the design showing the monthly nurse with her eye on the future, illustrating , tho passage— "Would you bo so good, my darling uovey of a dear young married lady. ... It s my card. Gamp is my name, and Gamp.my , natcr, fell to Mr. Wright for £15. Mrs. Gamp, makes Tea, 1 And quite a family it is to make., tea for, said Mrs. Gamp, " and wot a happiness to do it 1" went for £18 18s. Tho ' most spirited struggle was evoked over tho famous gin-and-tca-drinking symposium in. oairey s bedohamber, - between . Mrs. - Gamp and that graceless regenadc Betsy Prigg;" " Mrs.; Gamp propoges a toast," is thus particularised in . the sale catalogue— The drawing of this i celebrated historical subject, one . of Phiz's happiest inventions, is finished with special care."" This descriptive bit was not ill placed. Tlie draw-' ing brought £35 10s., being secured by Mr.; Pearson, the purchaser of the preceding lot. i The Phiz vignettes, though smaller and of . more recent execution, have the extra attraction - of being tintod in colors. Little Noll and heel Grandfather in the Old Curiousty Shop, 'went? to Mr. Wright for £22; Browne's version of. Scrooge and Morlcy's Ghost, differing materially from Leech's inimitable design on the same- subject, brought £15 ; The mad gentleman and, Sirs. Nickleby and Tlie Nickleby Family . averaged £14 apiece ; Tho Pecksniff Family and! Tom Pinch fetched £13 5s.; and the delightful, frontispiece to Pictures from Italy, one of Phiz's, most successful efforts in water color art. was sold- for tue modest price of £3. — Daily Ncm. 