[?] The Midnigbt Prophecy . i OK, ' STR&THSPEY; TOWERS. ?! fy.-: ... ' ?? ? ? ?- ^ By Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER XII. '- ?' ' ' ROMULUS. . ' The countesB nnd Judith drew near tho !?# .-.?'Jittlo furm-houso. It was a pretty, snug 'pkee; ft box of a cottage 'all over, hung ... .. i withi mining croopers, with quaint lat ticed windows, and sloping eaves, beneath . ..which tho wreu-s nnd martins twittered. A, square, . green yavd, shaded by a giant , _oakj beneath which an old man, wearing 3/ .'the simplo garb of a Tyrol pcusant; snt, /' - i tinkering, at a broken sheepi-ball, which he \\-ua vuuujf %,\j iiiuiiu. ; As she approached tho wicket-gate, the. \- counteas.grow deadly white, and leaned ?-. ? ? . heavily on Judith's arm for support. V'!- 'Oil, 'Judith, ''sho murmured, how 1 familiar everytliing seems I I feel as if I had lived hero I' '(Ciljfr.nf! ' Yes^my. lady, 'replied the :girl, hor !--'' S i' own 'cheeks very palo, aild her voice un-'' , ; steady ; ' there's not one^thing different ; ?I. even remember the peculiar inako of ' -' ?' !he windows, nnd thatsmooth, worn stono at the door. Oh, it is vory strniige 1'' ' They . pponod the wickot and crossed tho , , green yard. The old peasant dropped his . bell and rose, to his ; feet at their ap . .. . proach. . ' My lady is faint this morning,', spake .. Judith. ' Would you be good enough to lot her hnve a drink of fresh milk ?'- : .' Ay, ay, to bo suro,'' replied the old man^ nothing incessantly. Gome in, como in-; my old -woman's laying tho dinner now— comb right'in.' . . M;i j .Thoy followed him- across tho smooth 1 l!stdnb'sfep,' arid through the yirie-shnded door way ; hndthere, in thecontro of tlio -yhito, snnded floor, stood a square tabid,; set out with shining powter platters; ?i Lady Strathspey gnsped her breath, and clung tightly to Judith's arm. \- The wifo, who snt in the chimney-. f/[cp'raer,(with;her spcctacles!:on her noso,' ?' ''rbso up with astnrtled exclamation.' f i; ; P ? l' Whv. bleBB mo !' she cried; seizincr t tipoii the countess, and assisting her toa seat on the wdodon settle. ' Poor thing I what nils, her?' She's ill and faint,' explained Juith, ; j Qi' and! camo.' to beg .a drink of new milk.' ; ; ; ? 614 1 ' Arid slie shall hnVo it,' continned the , - „ , old w.oman; ' but. sit ye down yourself,' 'Sdde'd,'' glancing at Judith's' whito , , . cliocks, ' Yo aro like a pair of, ghosts, '' ' '' both .'.of ye: Como,. sit down, and'. I'll ' havo the dinner on tho table in a wink. 'Tis tliOjVeryjthiiig, too, as'll suit ye..be ' ing ailing— cliicken broth and dumplings, and a drop of beer to waah it down ; my i -; / [old. matv always wants it when he's ailirisr. Como, sit ye down I' . . , ? Judith obeyed, sitting down beside her ,,..1 mistresa, and tho .woman flew /about, | got ting her savory meal upon the tablo, wliilb her husband sat on the stone door-Bill,' ZOj^r ilapping afc the flies ' that biizzcdUin the -noonsunlight. .. . -r -! i JPrMently a gleoful shout and a ripling barst bf childish laughter broke upon, tho r.i-jj.'lilencc,' and' from a little back bedcliam ber a little follow, Bome throe summers »ld. came dancing into the room. -i,ii - '-,1 Seeing the strangers, ho came to a snd :.,:i v^' ien halt, and stood like a statue,, his: ? iiiiijA 'tcarlet 'smock-frook-disclosing his round, . I'- bare logs ^and dimpled feet, and a queer * llttlo cap, ornamented with a long feather lurmounting his head, with Ills profuse \- - Joxen ringlets. Thero ho stood, his great ? Slue eyes Wido with childish wonder. ' ' \\-s v' Romulus, cried, tho old woman, '-' cdri't ye say how d'yo do to the^ladies j Have.ye forgot your manners ?' Itomulus doffed his plumed cap, and 1 iippedjliis curly flaxen hoad. ' ' v ? ? v1' 'How ''d'yo do, ladies?' he said, ' , ' ' obediently. . ' ' : ' At the sound of the sweet, lisping voice, V the countess, who had sat sinco tho child's Bppearance like ono turned to . stone, uttered n pathetic cry, and springing for u . f ^ard, caught tho boy to hor bosom, i : . ! h '? '' 011,fmy baby I my lost darling I jmy -. own precicus child !' she oried, between her bursting sobs and passionate kisses ; ... *!I knew I should find you, you preoious lost iamb!': The old peasant and his wife st^od . : t thunderstruck ; but the little fellow, no thing daunted, wound hii chubby arms About the lady's neck, and put his ruddy «b«ek ofMQit b«n. '? ? ? ? ? ? . .. . ' Don't ky I' he lisped, entroatlngiy ; ' Bommio likes lady 1— Rommio likos her.!'';' . ..-i ; !??; . ? 'Dove see, old man 1' quoth, the, wifo to her husband, hor voico full of pain. ' What did I tell yo the night ye found him ? Didn't I ; say, just as wo. got our hearts set on him some fino folks would, como in lind snatch liim; away ? ' Yosj I did ; and I wisli ye'd loft him to tho milch goat, that I do.' ^Whereupon, leaving her- dinner only half-dished, sho- Bat down, and carrying her apron to her eyos, 'began to ory her self.- ? :? .? - ? ? , v ' - ' Tho boy's quick eyes soon noticed her, and clambering down from -Lady Strath spey's knee, he ran' to lior side. ?'tf Don't oo ley, grand-muddor,' ho pleaded, tugging nt hor apron ; ' Rommio likes grand-mudder, too. ? . . Tho old man', caught him up in his' arms.. 'Ho's mino ! tho boy's mine !' ho said, almost savagely j ' and I'll givo liim up to one. His father and.niotiier abandoned him to tho lriercy of my milch'gdiit, and he'u mine. ? -c,. , .' Tho countess and Judith both uttered a simultaneous cry at this confirmation of their strango dream. ? i- ?' .' : - Thb old mrin regarded them with ahgry suspicion. ! ; '' My good women,' 'lie said, ? ' what doos all- this, mean ?. Can't yb explain, yourselves, arid toll mo .what's tho mat- . tor ?' .' '? u ouuhjj OUIH u uavij kjnatuojjuy uuu trolled herself and wiped. tho streaming tears from her cheeks. ' Mygood'sir,' she roplied, .'the ex-'' 'plariation I iinvti to givo to you is'a btrange ono, which possibly j you may not beliove — iudocd, I cannot believe it at timos myself ; but my maid lioro can bear mo. out in what I havo to say.' Wljoreupon she related all tho myster ious circumstances of the disappearance of her babe on tho night of his birth ; and 'hIbo the slrnnge droam which Judith had first dreamed niid tli'ou herself. : _And thoold man and, his. wifo. list.oned mer sunshine croj-t slowly over the sanded floor, and tlio savoury dinner grow cold upori.tho table. Whon sho had finished they snt looking into. each otlior's faces in utter consternation.. ' It must bo tliafc God. sent us ;tho dream,' continued the countess, ' for it haunted me day and night ever since. ~ I could not rest, one moment. And this morning the instant my eyes beheld this place I knew it, and I know as surely, al though anothor usurps his place, that the boy is my own, tlio babo who was stolen from my armB in tho very hour of his birth, tho rightful lieir to tho Earldom of Strethspoy Towers'. ' 614 2. . ^ And now, my good peoplo,' sho con tinued, ' 1 liavo told you my strange story, and I implore you to let me hear yours. Toll mo how and when you came by this child ; and I pray thoro may. be somo proof by which I can restore him to bis rightful place.' The old couple Bat in utter silenco fo: a fow moments; overwhelmed by 'what t'' y hid heard. The idea that it was a young earl they had fostered filled them with absolute affright'. The old man spoke at Inst. V Old woman.' he said, drawing a long, brbnili, and resuming his scat on the door sill, ' you nro glibbor of the tongue than l-am — you tell tho Btory. , Tho old woman put Ilomulus from her knee, and wiped; her oyes with her apron. ?, ? ' Talk of being glib of tonguo now1,' she began, ' after hearing such a Btory as 'her— why,*(ho very memory's beat out of mo. I do declare it reminds mo of the old stories in the Biblp 'bout the days of the 'Apostles. But I'll do tho best lean! your highness,' sho coritiuued, bow'ius; profoundly to. the countess ;. 'and if my memory bo bad I'll stick to tho truth : . '.' It was on the tenth of January ; I re member, that well, 'cnuse our red liefer ?lmd a calf on Now ..Year's Day — and on that vory morning the old man says, 'Old woman, the red heifer's calf be ten day's old-to-day, and jou can begin to ? steal a , mite of the drippings— you .'tend; to her: a'nd'i'll go and look af tor the goats.' So I went kown to the cattle-shed,. ai|d milked tho drippings, and'fed the heifer, and .enme homo and laid out dinner. By that timo here comes tho'old riian all'of a. flutter. 1 Molly,' ho said, 4 the head milch gont is missing arid nothing would do but I muBt go and help him hunt her. 'Well, away we went, and a- pretty tramp wo had I Through the valleys, mid up the mountains, till I thought I should drop in my shoes. At lost, way ontc ward'sundowri, wb spies her,, perched on tho .'top of that bald cliff at tho left yoriclor.' ' Oh, my lady l' ejaculated Judith. ' Go on, my good woman,' . urged the countess.. ? . -,v - -r - /? i'l'AVbli, there she bo perched right atop of tiip clilT.' ' Why, old woman,' says tho old ninn, 'she's got kids! Who'd a thought it 1 You mu»tgo up and bring thom down in your apron, ;while I fetch her down.' 'So up we tussled, 'niy very bones ach ing with, pain; arid, Lord bleBs you, my. ; dear'lady, what d'yo 'sposo we saw when wo reachod hor? Not a kid, but a little, live baby, and it a sucking tho'goat, and its dear little mouth all wet with the milk.' Lady Strnthspoy covered her face, con vulsive sobs shaking her from head to foot. ,- ? i ' .. 'fl didn't feol myachesa bit after that,' tlio old woman went on ; ' I talics up the child, and, the old, man shoulders the : milch- goat, nnd down we como. ' - ? ' The clothes !' gasped, tho countess. Have you tho I clothes tho child had oh whon you found him ?' ' Yea, I kept them; , ' Thoy may bo of use to the child. ono of theso days,' sayB tho old mnn. But that day, as I was toll in' ye; wo broughtthe child homeland do 1 you know my old man ho takes the milch goat right into my back room, and thoro no ko?.ps her, only turniug her out to graze 1 oncoin awhilo, and the baby ho sucked' ' that goat for sis round months, and I ! nevor seo a child thrive as ho did. ' My old m *u used to bo book-lamed ? when ho waB young,' sho wont on, glare- : ing admiringly at the old shepherd on tho sunny .door- step, ^ and lie says he's rond i of a boy as a wolf suckled, and ho was called Romulus— so nothing would do but I the baby bo named, after hiin. So Romulus j is his name.' Sho paused.an instant, her lips quiver- - ing. ' ? ? ? ' We've no- children of our own,' she , went on, at last, her voice shaking. 'We j had a boy once, as promising a lud as ovor i lived, but he went to sea, and was lost fifteen years ago. And we can't tell, my - lady, how wo took to this child I 'Hoavon has sont him,' the old man said, ' to cheer us in our old ago.' We've done the best we could for hint, and,- it's like tearing out our hoarts to give him up, but, ? hearing your story, I'm convinced that he's your, child, nnd Hoavon sent yo to find him.' Tho old man drew tbo wondering boy to his arms, and resting his old forehead on his flaxen head, sobbed like a child. Lady Strathspey was deeply moved. J' My dear, good friends,' she said, 'don't grieve now, I'm, not going to take the. child from you. I shall want you to keep him for me, a long time, perhaps, until I can get proofs,' and all that, to establish bim in bis right place. You have never heard anght in regard to him, or found out how ho came to tbe mountain, I suppose?' ' Never a word, my lady,' replied the old man, brightening up at tbe prospect of keep ing tho child.i , 'My lady,' whispered Judith, at this junc ture, 'here comes Lord Strathspey.' ? The countess arose in consternation. 'It is my husband,' sho exclaimed, ' but I do not wish him to know about the child yet.- Please take'him nway.': : - ' The old woman caught up the boy, and rilBhed into the adjoihing'room, closing the door after her. ? .. .. '? Take this,' cried Lady Stjrathspey, draw ing a purse from her pocket, and forcing it into tlie'old man's hand ;? ' I will como again soon. Be good to my boy, and may Heaven -bless you.' : ' ; ;. She reached the wicket just in time to meet tho earl. ? He looked at her flushed cheeks and swollen eyes iu amazement. 'Marguerite,' ho said, as he drew her arm through his, - 'I was bo impatient I came to seek you. For Heaven's sake, tell me what all this means ? What do you. know ot these people ? What ails you Trust 'me, dearest Angus,' she sobbed, clinging to bis arm; 'you shall know all soon — only trust mc.' And tbo. earl conducted her back to the waiting carriages, with the awful suspicion growing stronger and ' Btronger in his mind that Doctor Renfrew ..was right, arid biB wife was indeed in danger of in sanity. 014 3 Lord Strathspey rode back to his lodsings, besides the bewitching Lady Cecilia, in .moodjr. silence. All the spirit and zest of ?the mjpning liad -ffft him, and the fair siren ntlfc foTtll her chnrmfl nnri unmnripn in onin*' he scarcely noticed her, nnd forgot to reply to her when she spoke. . ..She drove her spur into her horse's (lank, 'and set' her white teeth together in rage at hcrown ill-success. My Lady Cecilia was very vain, and nothing so exasperated her as to have her charms underrated. But she -was likewise very reso lute, andshe concluded to let the moody carl ride on in silence and bide her time. For as sure as the*afternoon suulight lay warm and bright upon the green valleys of tlie Tyrol, should that self .same moody earl — this man who had dared, years before, to trifle with her — be brought down at her very fcet nnd made to expiato his folly in Back cloth and, ashes. ' Had Lady Cecilia forgot ten? nad r the memory Of . those old days at Cavendish-Manor faded from her ?— those fresh, hopeful dayB, when sho-saw a coro net glimmering abovo her regal: brows and a life of love and ttiumph outstretching be fore her ?? Do women like her ever forget a wrong or a disappointment? My lady set her white teeth and arched her graceful neck, and her blue-black eyes- glittered with a baleful, phosphorescent light, as she galloped along by the earl's side. ' ? CHAPTER XIII. . . IT 1VUICH THE . PIER FAILS, But the earl waa all unconscious, absorbed in his own bitter reflections, Strathspey, earl that was, as we have said, wos a trifle superstitious, and in addition, -a little in cljncd to be jealous and over-exacting. And with all hia profound pity and terror at the thought that his lovely countess was on the verge of insanity, be still felt angered and injured because she bad— even in his wander ings, as he believed— dared to have a secret which she kept from him. He resolved to got at the bottom of the I whole matter; and as soon as he bad Been Lady Cecilia and his family safely quartered in their Iodoinrra. ha RfrnriAmif nf thai.n.ian and remounting his weary Arab, galloped straight across the Tyrol valleys to the Isbcpherd'scottnge. . The old wife saw him coming before he vached tho wioket, and, being a woman i-osses3ed of sharp wits, Bho divined the ibject of his visit; ond, catching up little ? lomulus, who sat beneath the'great oak in .ho' afternoon sunlight, she whisked bim off ' r.o'the cattle-shed, where her husband was* aid was back- again in the cottago 'loor by the time tho earl had dis mounted. -,/He strode through the wicket andi&croBS; .'lie'yard haughty lind stern. , ,.'My good womai'i' he began, without Salutation or prcfaco, ' I have como here' to ask you a question, and I want a straight forward answer,' ' My lord, my poor tonguo is at your grace's service,' simpered the old woman, sitli tv depp .courtesy, chuckling all the while, -in her sleove; at the irate peer. , '' Tlie countess, my. wife, was hereto-day,' continued Lord Strathspey,' waving aside I the sent she offered him, ' and I want to I 1 no.v what she'carae for.' ..'For a drink of now milk, your, honor, responded tbo woman, glibly, ?/Silencel' thundored tho carl,' growing b'.aek with passion. 'I want no prevarica tion. Tell mo what my wife wants of you, nnd you of her.' .' Why, bless my soul, -your grace;' re plied the old woman, her gray eyes all of a twinkle, VI only,know Bho is the Countess of Stratllspoy, arid wifo to your lordship, 'cause the maid told me tho same, and asked me for tho drink of fresh milk, her ladyship being fnirit—-that's all.' \- Tis false,' continued tho angry noble man, nnd you know it. Didn't the countess come out to mo, all flushed and tear-stained. Tell mo what 'excited her so ; I've a right to know, i Tell me, : or— I'll make you.' . , Thp old woman fairly chuckled in his face. '? ? ' My lord,' she said, bo ye tho king on his throne, my tongue's my own, arid noorici whether peer or peasant, can' make it wag. Why don t yo nsk your wife ?'! Tlie earl was well-nigh choking, with passion, for, likoall his race before him, he had a:hot, unreasonable temper. If it had been a man, Alio would havo struck him down with the butt of bis. whip ; being a woman, heat rode away and left her. But at the, wicket a second thought struck him, and he turned back. , My good woman,' ho said, taking a heavy purse from bis pocket as he spoko,' 'I have strong reasons for finding out what it is that troubles my wife. I'm afraid hor mind is impaired— tako this, and' tell mo what brougnc ner ucre. r,Tbeold woman eyed the yellow gold with another chuckle. , ' I've nothing to tell your grace,' she re plied, 'and if I had, your gold wouldn't mako my tongue wag no sooner than your bard words.' . ' Cttiso you,' muttered the earl, under his breath, and, striding back, to the wicket, he Faulted into .hia saddle, and: was on'. the point of galloping b.ffvWhen a li'ttlo flgiiro, in n scarlet Bmock and plumed cap, shot up right beforo his horse's foot, Tho earl drew in his fier- steed and called jut savagely ; . ' Get from under my horse's feet, will you?' ... ' Rommio riot under ho feets,' replied the little fellow, looking up fearlessly at- tbe flnehorse and its wrathful rider. Something in the finely cut face, nnd ?grent Ben-bluo eyes, arid profuso flaxen curls made the nobleman's heart thrill. He gazed down, for nn instant, into the child's face, like ono bewildered. ' Great Heaven,' ho muttered, ' what a likeness. - 'Tis Lady Pearl's face over again. Little man, who are you?' 'I'm Rommie, Hives wid grandmudder,' answered the boy, fearlessly, ' ' Ah I Well, you're a fine lad for a pea sant's son — get out of my way.' And ftW flV Wrinf. tliA KnfTlofl nnnp Itlra wiud,ponderingmoedilyandas he pondeied, with- tho boy '8 face mirrored in bis'memory, a horriblc idea flashed through his mind, piercing bis heart like a poisoned - blade, and almost making him reel in bis Baddle. It did not occur to the Countess of Strathspey that she bad forgotten to nsk the peasant woman , if thero was a birt-ii mark on tbo boy's arm, until after sho had snugly settled in her chamber for the night ; arid then her regret and impatience knew no bounds. She would have stolen forth, : and made lior . way to the cottage through tbe darkness of tho night, but for Judith,: who implored, 'and almost compelled her. to forego the visit till the morrow. But whon tho morrow came, what was the poor woman's consternation to hear that the earl bad taken a sudden resolve to go up to Sevenoak, Grange, in Cumberland, for the shooting season, and had mado his preparations to set out at oncc. It was all in vain that she begged him. to defer the journey a day or two, on account of her feebleness ; he watched her with a suspicious look in his moody eyes, and replied coldly that ho would start at once ; if she were able to go rambling over tin: fields to shepherd': buts, she could certainly bear the journey to Sevenoaks, arid -he was suro the Cumberland air would do her £00l. . . 614 4 The poor countc-ea was almost frantic, and watched in vain for' some chance to steal out and make her way to the cottago, but the ;carl's eye followed her. every movement, and in half an hour the carriages were at tho door. ? {'.Never, mind,, my lady,' whispered Judith, ns Bhc assisted at her toilet, ' when we get to Scvunoaks you can send. roe down or manage it some way— don't betray your self now ; my lord is already angry and sus picious.' V, ? ? i , ' And with a pang of unutterable pain, the countess saw that Judith's words were true; tho face of the husband she loved a thou- ? sand times, better than her own life, was full of anger and grief; the eyes that hitherto had ever regarded her with looks of tenderest love, now watched her with covert and suspicious glances. (to he continued.) 