THE RECEPTION AT FRE MANTLE. On Wednesday of last week in the Con vent Oratory, Fremantle, two young ladies were clad with the habit of St. Joseph of the Apparition. By no means rare in the history of conventual institu tions, (indeed they constitute the very life of all religious communities), such celebrations are nevertheless the subject of special joy to Holy Church. Frequently does she give her blessing to the earthly espousals of man and wife before the marriage altar, and with alacrity : for "He that giveth his virgin in marriage doth well," says St. Paul. Not so frequently, is her benison invoked upon the spiritual espousals of those who "would be perfect," but greater then, is her alacrity to bestow it : for "He that giveth her not doth better, " saith the same St. Paul. And when a maiden sets herself apart in preparation for this all important step of consecrating her virginity to Him Who best may claim it, the Church comes in to mark with the seal of her approval, the several stages in that series of solemn acts which are destined in the order of grace, to culminate in the realisation of the virgin's heart's desire. As a postulant, the first half year of her convent life is considered a demand for admission into the community ; if, by it, she approve herself to the sisterhood, the novitiate awaits her ; and if, two years elapsed, her good resolutions still endure, and her life accord with the spirit of the rule, she takes the final step, plights her troth to Jesus as her spouse, and labours thence forth from day to day, to strengthen her title to rank hereafter, in that "white robed army that follows the Lamb whith ersoever He goeth." This end, this con summation, is indeed a blessed one, and the means thereto, are blessed with the pleni tude of the Church's blessing. For two of her flock in Western Australia, that benediction of hers was sought and given on Wednesday week, when the ceremonial for such occasions was observed with more perhaps, than ordi nary solemnity. The Bishop officiated, Father Martelli assisting. The hymn to the Holy Spirit was the initial item of the impressive ceremony. As sung by the choir of nuns, this sublime canticle — Veni Creator Spiritus—was as prayerful in its rendering, as it was majestic. It seemed as if, responsive to the Mentes tuorum visita, the Holy Ghost must as suredly descend to dwell in those souls now, by solemn dedication about to be His. This divine invocation— divine, in truth, as addressed to the Spirit of God, and well-nigh divine in its composition too— preceded a practical address by the bishop on the nature of the duties the new sisters would be called upon to per form, and the responsibilities which would devolve upon them. He said : Well, my dear children, it is a very great satisfaction to me, to perform for you this little ceremony which accompanies your dedication to the Spouse of your souls. I may tell you that you have a very great work before you, that you have a very high and holy duty to perform. It is not only the sanctification of your own souls, which is a wonderful work, (the creation of the world is not half so important, as the work you have to build up in your own salvation) but the sanctification of others. You are prepar ing yourselves to be the eternal brides of the eternal Son of God, to be everlastingly espoused to Him, and to reign with Him in bliss for ever : your dedication to His service to-day means this or it means nothing. This is what the Church symbolises by this ceremony. She takes a child, born of woman, and having made it a child of God, presents it in espousals to Him, and He accepts it, so that it belongs to Him for ever. This is your case ; and this dedication of yours to Him, means the dedication of yourselves to your life's work. Your sanctification depends upon the work God has laid out for you to do, that is, in a special manner, the charge of little ones and the responsibilities both for time and eternity this charge involves. Now can you estimate the value the Creator places on one of these little creatures ? You know that we form our opinion of the value of a thing, from the price people are prepared to give for it. Take then, a little child and put it in the balance by which the world forms its estimate. Put the child in one scale, and the gold of all the world, and its precious stones, and all its valuable things, in the other, and which will be the more valuable ? Your knowledge of the peerless value of the human soul will decide for you. Now this child is your charge. Just as the daughter of the Egyptian king said to the mother of the infant she had found in the reeds, "Take care of this child for me," so the Creator says in as many words to you " Take care of this child for me." "What an infinite value he sets on this little treasure ! He sent His only beloved Son into the world, not to judge, but to save ; and His blood is the ransom paid for the soul of one of these little ones. "You are bought with a great price," the blood of the Lamb, the pure and undefiled. The Creator had not more to give, than what He gave for our redemption, and from this, we are enabled to know the estimate we ought to form, of the value of a little child's soul. And it is not one, but many, that are placed in your care. To some on earth, are given five talents ; but the talents committed to your charge will be numbered not by fives, but fifties. Take care of them for Him ; teach those who possess them their value, and how to increase it. Dearly beloved, it is a wonder ful work you have before you, and I have not told you half its wondrousness. Here is another consideration. In the Gospel Jesus takes a little child to himself, and fondles it and presses it to his breast, and addresses the bystanders : "What there fore you do to one of these little ones, you do unto Me, and . . . Whosoever shall receive one such child, as this in My name, receiveth Me." From these words then, I want you to realise in some measure, what the task is you are undertaking to-day. As I have said, it is a wondrous work. It is one of the things the rest of the world does not understand, because it understands not the ways of God. It is well that you should realise the importance of your mission, and then give yourselves to it with all your heart. It appears to me, that I may very well express to you, that I think you are befittingly situated to undertake so great a charge. You are dedicated to, and under the protection of St. Joseph, after the blessed mother of God, perhaps the greatest of His saints, and in this saint, you have assuredly to model. As he had the charge given to him of the divine Child —the fairest of the children of men— and as he took care of that little one, so that same little one says you are to care these little ones of his flock. Remember that you can make them either good or bad. When a child has grown to years of maturity, see what a stupendous work is done for God, if that man or woman be a virtuous one ! Now is the time to do the good work, and it is you largely who have to do it. Blessed Joseph was elected to the office of tending that boy, the dearest to God of all on earth, so by the divine election, you are destined in your time, to be the custodians of the virtue of some thousands of little children. The divine Child of Nazareth wants other little ones to be taken care of, like Himself ; and this holy man, Joseph, whom He has chosen for His foster-father, should be the guardian of infant life ; and He expects you therefore, not only to regard yourselves as under the protection of St. Joseph, but to lead the little ones also, and place them under his protection. The world seeks their destruc tion, and is succeeding in a vast degree ; but you are to see that what you are called upon to do, you will not leave undone. Depend upon it, if you throw the responsi bility of your work upon St. Joseph, failure will not attend it. Arrayed in bridal veils and wreaths, with the other concomitants of wedding costume, the postulants were then presented to his lordship, and having made a protestation of their desire to enter the congregation of nuns, and promised fidelity to its rules, were con ducted by the Rev. Mother to their cells, bridesmaids preceding and bearing in hand, the future apparel of the two young sisters. Most appropriately fell the weird notes of the In exitu Israel upon the scene, for a just conception of the real signification of this portion of the cere mony recalled in truth, "The going out of Israel frorn Egypt, of the house of Jacob from a barbarous people." As the Gloria Patri was intoned, the newly clothed nuns reappeared — their bridal paraphernalia discarded, and the hu mility and poverty of the Order now pic tured forth in their sombre garb. Again, they kneel at his lordship's feet, and again attest their firm resolve to die to the world, and live to God alone. Their pastor encourages them to the sacrifice, lauds their commendable desire, thanks the God of grace who prompts it, and having bestowed upon them his blessing, Miss Matilda Simmons and Miss Cathe rine Hatton (as the world knew them), or Sister Mary Ignatius and Mary Francis (as the conventual vocabulary and the records of their future career as religieuses will designate them), had entered the novitiate of the Order of St. Joseph. Then the Holy Sacrifice was offered by his lordship, the choir singing — as trained voices, (and these the vocal reflex of devotional hearts) alone can sing— Webb's Mass in G. The sisters do like that mass— and so do we. Friends of the "received," were then invited to partake of the liberal hospitality of the nuns, of which we can speak in most laudatory terms, and with recollections most grateful to the "inner man." 