~travellcy., ,TJapasteso Suoerrstiti onse. The household superstitions of Japan are vtry nnmerons. They are harmless; often exeting laughter; yeteso entrenched are they in the hoasehold that religion, argument, even ridieuole can not destro$ them. Some of tlee6 msperetieions have a moral or educea tional purpose, inonleatinglessons of benevo. lenos,neatness and habits of cleanliness. A room Is never swept immediately after the departure of theiamate for fear of sweeping oet the look. At a marriage ceremony neither the bride nor the groom wears any elothing of a purple colorlest their marriage be soon dissolved, purple being a color meast liahle to fade. If the cup of medieise is up set by asooident during the illness of a person it is a sere sign of recovery. This looks as if the Japanese had faith in our proverb, , Throw physic to the dogs." There are some curioas ideas in regard to the finger nails. They mast not be cat before starting on a journey lest disgrace fall upon the per eon at his destination. Neither should they be out at nlght, lest cat's claws shiould grow out. Children who throw the paring et the naile into the fire are in danger of some great calamity. If a piece should fly into the fire while outting the person will soon die. The howling o a dog portends death. If a woman steps overan egg.shell she will go mad; if ever a razor it will become dull; it ever a whetstone it will break, If a man should set his hair on fire he will go mad. Children are told if they tell a lie an eni (imp) will pall out their tongues. The wholesome terror of the oni, standing ready to run away with his tongue, has oaused many a Japanese youth to -speak the truth. The Japanese have a horror of the dark ness; they always keep a light burning to wardorf ghosts. The juokmen believe in a ghost who comes to them and politely asks to borrow a dipper. The answer decides the fate of the junkman. If a dipper with a bottom is bestowed upon the ghost, he uses it to ball water enoogh to swamp the junk, bat it the bottom eas he knocked out and thrown at him he disappears. In this last case the anot must be accompanird by an in cantation, or the ghost tarns into a sea cappa-a many-clased monster-who will drag the jank to the bottom. The Japanese are a gentle, sensitive race, very maoh under the influence of their emotions. Love with them is a serious matter, often one of life or death. Diap pointment in love or desertion frequently cde in suticide. Sometimes the girl becomes an avenger and implores the gods to ourse or visit with death the destroyer of her pease. The passions which thrill and torment she human soul are as itaene in tar-away Japan as in thoselands which boast a higher civilidation. 