Temperance. TEMPERANCE ANECDOTES. - CIIA'RACTER~ENDA'NGERED. ' \- ' ' 1 'Gentlemen or NotP: ? - ? ~A~teiiy 'civil policoman lately wont into a public-house ? whore the com- . paby Were'very 'noisy. ' Now' then, all 'you that are gentlemen, clear but I' ' A pause, during which nobody moved. Then he said to a companion, ; — 'As, all the gentlemen have gone wen use no ceremony nuuui out the others.' And they ejected tliom. ! Distinction- and Difference.; 'Do you knowW — asked one friend o£ another, referring to an old gentleman who was famous for his extract of malt. ' Yes, sir, I know him very well.' ' What sort of a man is he ?' ' Why, in the morning, when he get up, he is a beer-barrel, and, in the evening, when he goes to bed, he is a barrel of beer 1' An Explanation. An Irish piper, who now and then indulged in a fuddle, was accosted by a gentleman with—' Pat, what makes your face bo red?' ' Plase, your honor,' said Pat, ' I always blink when I spakes to a gintleman !' Bum-Colour. Not long eince, a religious society in Connecticut met to decide what colour they should paint their meet ing-liouse. Some proposed one colour, some another. At last said one, ' I calcerlate that we orter pent it a rum colour, for Deacon Smith had his face pen ted that colour for a number of yiears, and it grows brighter, and brighter every year I!' Estimation of Character. A few days ago, a poor Irishman* who applied for a license to sell ardent spirits, being questioned by the Board of Excise as to his moral fitness for the trust, replied, ' Ah ! Bure, it is not much of a character that a man needs ti» sell rum 1' A Ghost Story. A foolish fellow went to the parish priest, and told him, with a long face, that he had seen a ghost. ' When HI oni/1 f.Vio T,noW. ' T.n.st night,' replied the man, ' I was pass ing by the church, and up against tho wall of it did I behold the spectaclo.' ' In what shape did it appear ?' in quired the pastor. ' It appeared in the sliapo of a great ass.' ' Go'home, and hold your tongue about it,' re joined the pastor, ' you have been frightened by your own shadow.' A Rumseller no Good Citizen. The Rev. John Chambers, of Phila delphia, in a speech before the American Temperance Union, said : — ' A dealer in liquor was tried for some crime, convicted, and sentenced by the judge. The next day a lawyer waited upon the judge, and said lie could show a defect in 'the proceed ings. ? Oh,' said the judge, ' that matter's settled.' ' But,' said the lawyer, ' he is a worthy man.' ' A worthy man,' said the judge, 'and makes drunkards !' ' But he is a good nitizeri ' said the lawyer. ' A good citizen,' said the judge, ' and fills up our jails and alms-houses, and causes men to commit murder and arson, and every iniquity 1 That question's settled, sir, and the man must abide by the law.' The name of that judge was Parsons, and may God send us more such parsons as these I' A Cabman's Notion of Civilisation. One of the missionaries, recently in London, was sitting on the outside of a cab, and told the driver that he had been in China. Cabby was much inT. terested, and promptly , asked, .'.Are they a civilized people 'about' there, sir? Do they take their gin of a morning ?' A Character. A Mrs. Davy, in giving ovidence to character in the case of a woman charged with theft, said ' She, was a decent, honest, drunken; creature ;1' v Select Company^ , ' Were you guafdeid in syoiuv con--; duct while in New York?' said a father to his son, who had' just re turned homo from his visit to t.he city. ' Yes, sir, part of the .time by1 two policemen.' ' It seems to me I have seen .your physiognomy somewhere before,'' said a fuddler to a strahgerwhoin w 'met;' ' but I cannot imagine where.1-1,''? .Very likely,' replied the other, ' I have been the governor of ,a! prison :for; the last twenty years.' i The DeviPs Children'. .?;? jjg It is related, that when John Wesley was' at college; a- few'of the fast collegians,- .who did not like Methodism, called one evening oivliim, ? on' their road back to the college, after, a wine-supper.. They rapped at his door, which.lie happened to open him self.'-' Oh. lilMr; Wesley,'.' said one of the ringleaders, ' we have, heard suoh bad news,!'' f- Indeed 1' he., said I ' Whatis it'?1' ' ' We liave' heard that 'the devil is dead.'1 ' What a calamity .!? Whatever wiir become of his' poor, faithless children ?' said John. An Early Riser. ' Is your master up ?' asked an early visitor of a nobleman's valet. ' Yes, sir,1' rejoined the valet, with great innocence ; ' the butler and I carried him up about three o'clock.' The Soldier and the Cow. A soldier once got drunk, and was put into a cow-shed to sleep off the .effects of the drink, on some straw. During the night, a thief entered the shed, and stole the cow ; but before leaving placed the halter round tho soldier's neck. In the morning, when the man oame to milk the co\v,. j udgo of his surprise to find the ' soldier in stead of the cow in the shed I 1 The soldier, being of a witty turn, when he saw the astonishment of the rustic, said — ' My good fellow, don't be alarmed, and;, don't touoli mo— but givo me a chance to live a sober life.' .The fact is, I liavo been permitted by the Spirit- of ' Fate once more to ? have a. chance to do. better. I. was ...turned into a cow for my naughty, drunken deeds ; and I havo once more a chance i ~ ..... o good . fellow, let me have another trial.' 'Heaven forbid that I should hinder you ! ' said the rustic ; . 'Go and learn to prize the ' opportunity 1' A few days after, the rustic went to a neighbouring fair to buy another cow ; but judge of his astonishment to see his own beast on sale 1 Going up to her, he said — ' So you've been up to your tricks again, have you ?' Neighbours, have nothing to do with her ; sho's only a soldier turned into a cow ; and maybe you'll bo done as I was if she changes !' 