TURF NOTES. [By 'Hipparion.'] The Gympie weights were declared' I think, on Friday, 13lh ; acceptances were due, I believe, ou the following Friday (20th). After thai date, 20th, (be weights were published by a Brisbane paper, and Brisbane owners wbo bad horses entered at Gympie knew for tbe first time what weight tbey had to put up some hours after tbe acceptances were due. Blarney, Bendigo, Sandy Greaves and bis chestnut yearling brother, Mercurius, landed safely in Sydney tbe other day, where tbe youngster was much liked by tbe critics. Weights for the principal handicaps at the Q.T.C., Sumrnar Meeting and the general entry were published simul taneously on Tuesday. Tbe general entry, witb tbe exception of tbe two hurdle races, was very satisfactory ; — II for tbe Trial Plate, 15 and 14 for the two Selling Races, five each for the two Hurdle Handicaps, 10 for the two- year-old Don caster Hendicap, 22 for tbe Welter, 26 for tbe Goodwood Handicap, seven for the w.f.a. Hendra Plate, and 19 for the Eagle Farm Handicap ; or a total for tbe meet ing of 180, which is not bad for a couple ot off days, witb small prizes. Tne IpBwIcb meeting promises to be a success on tbe 26th and 27th, so much so as probably to smother Toowoomba and gandgate from the 'general interest' point of view, but Toowoomba bas a number of local owners and horses to fall back upon if the strangers prefer the richer prizes at Ipswich, and no doubt Sandgate will secure fair fields. Tbe Ipswich handicaps secured capital ac ceptances and the general entry was a good one, 11 for tbe Trial, 10 for tbe Maiden, 9 for tbe Welter, 6 for the Juvenile Plate, 3 and 4 respectively for the Selling Races, 15 for the Visitors Plate. 8 for tbe Corinthian, and 17 for tbe Farewell Handicap, or a total of 132 for the meeting, eunlignt or uovernor ought to win tbe Maiden Plate ; Honest Ned the Turf Club Handicap; Racket tbe Hurdles ; Lurliue, Beartbwaite or Leinster— tbe latter if well a dead bird— tbe Flying Handicap ; Miss Miuerva the First and Exile the Second Selling Plate ; and Sunlight, Governor and LeftOD Hand should run a good race for tbe Trial. Quirk gave 300 guineas for Yabba, and 150 guineas for the nleely bred Sunlight, a 4-year-old blood buy colt very like Fer nando in shape and style, got by Fer naudo'g sire, Orlando, out of Slrus' dam, Starligb'. This ought to be good enough stuff to make a racehorse out of. Yabba bas been thrown out of work and into physic, and was scratched for bis Q.T.C. engagements on Tuesday. Tbe Breakfast Creek Club bas applied to be replaoed on the register. W. H. Kent was tbe biggest winner at Tattersall's meeting, bis cheque amount ing to £803. Then came C. E. Brown with £570; and Cbarlie tells me be dropped ail bis Rosebank's wluulngson Megaphone, wbo just got beat a bead In the Jordan Stakes, and by about tbe same distance In the Fairfield Stakes. Gambler, the champion of the Hackay district, and really a good horee when well, by Goldsbrough out of Tbyra, was sold tbe otber day to a Mr. Adams, of MaiLland, N.S.W., and died a day or two After arrival. Tbe St. Leger colt Watermelon, by Melbourne — Watercress, a good looking black colt, died last week. WateroreBB was racing in Maryborough and Rock hampton ten years ago, tbe year of Mel bourne's triumphs over The Dirk and Rookwood. J. J. Cadell has sold IiIb WestmjnBter — Stockdove colt to one of tbe Keuts', I believe. Tbe youngster is engaged In the C.T.C. Sires' Produce Stakes of 1894 for now yearling?, In which race J. J. O. Is still represented by a brother to LMirls tlua, and a nicely-bred chestnut colt by VeepaBian out of Apology, sister, I think, to Battleaxe. I bear great accounts nf tbe Ipswiob Booval, by Buckthorpe (imp.) out of My Lady by Vespasian out Grand Flaneur's dam. Ralston, witb a leg that will prevent him raciDg for some time, lauded iu Townsville last week safe, if not souud. Gympie weights to hand tbis morning (Friday, 20th) per Mnuday's Chronicle. Ou what form of Tbe Baron's be is made top weight I am at a loss to conceive, unless it be tbat be Is handicapped on present condition, of which down here we know nothing, aud if he is fit and well, and tile others out of training, be might beat them. All well, aud intended, be cannot bave a ghost of a show with Secret, to ^hom he is actually asked to concede weight, on the flat. The Baron beat Wetherondale, tbe latter giving him 14 lb., in the Stewards' Mile at Gympie in September, but considering tbat Leo, a fast hackney up to j-mile, beat him at a concession of only 8 lb., tbe form scarcely entitles him to the poxt of honor as the local crack. Next day The Baron only just beat Kremliu In the District Purse, giving him 11 lbs., and was subsequently beaten easily again by Leo, when conceding the latter but 5 lbs. Here we find Tbe Baron handicapped on 2S lbs. worse leruis wiib Wetberoudale, while be has to );lve RouC 15 lbs. Blue Peter, wbo ran second to Secret in Sep tember giving her 19 lbs., gets 4 lbs. from tbe cbesuut. Kremlin aud Wanderer are hardly handicapped fairly at even weigdts on their September runniug, and Blue Peter should still have given Secret weight I think. With those exceptions tbe handicaps will probably be popular. 