A. Headless Qhost. . An English Farmer's Orael Bevengo on His False Ladv Love. Abont thirty miles sonth of London, in ono oi the prettiest parts ot England, is a village called Sbalford. Adjoining it is a largo common, or publio pasture. Thoro nro a tew lioness fronting on it, prominent nmnnn uhtnh (hfirn wnn nVinnl Innniv VfiAffl ago, a rather siagalor-loohiDg efiifioqJiDOWQ to tho vill&go; folk &a; tho 11 Dlaoboaee." Tbo name wan apparently ill-chosen, for tho brlolra wcra -whilo and tho tiloa a bright fed. Cgfc.thoro v7qq a good rca3on for the name, as anylodsKgsipor has pleased to oxplaio, Tho houBO had bcoibyiHItfra f armor namod Somers for tho reception of a y6tiffgsdy of good position who was shortly to bccomolij brido. Tbo wedding day bad been fixed. But a fow days bofore tho ono fixed for tbo wedding day tho brido diaappc&rcd;,- and a fow bouro alter her departure a farm band in tho omnluv nf Hnmfirn wnn nlan cnnlik Inr and found not. Humor coupled tho two names, and tbo die- appointed bridegroom started cfl in hot basto in pareait. For ccvcrat months tho houro remained untenanted, bnt ono nigbt lights wero observed in the windows. Tho next day tboro was mnoh speealation as to whothcrBomers bad returned or whether ho had rcntoil. Hut thero was no eigne ot lifo daring the next cor tho succeeding day, and finally it waa thought advisable to forco an ontry. Accordingly tbo local blaoksmith and Somors' farm bailiff broke open tha front door. Tho henso waa found cxaotiy as left by Somors when ho started ont on his tour of rovengo, nor was thero any explanation to bo dcteoted of tho lights soon at nigbt. Tbat evening the windows were again bright, and for sovcral snoccesiva nights tho phenomenon was ropoatod. Finally a coru- raittco of tbrce.was appointed to investigate, Tho mombers of tbo oommlttce wero tbo blacksmith, the parish olerk, and an old skeptic who believed in no ono bnt himself. Alter eating a hearty supper at the village inn the trio set ont on their task. Tho olerk was very norvone, tbo blaoiiBmitb defiant and tho ekoptio sarcastic. Tho door was forced opon and tho mon prooeeded to investigator They mado a t'oar ot ail the rooms, bat dis covered nothing, The olerk becamo reas sured, tbo blaoksmith eighed-for eomeono or something to jight, and tho ekoptio threw in an " I told, yon thcro was nothing " ovory two or thrc'o minutcei But shortly beforo midnight tho light of tha lantornB carried by tho intrepid investi gators was snpplomcntsd by n bright. illumi nation wbioh eccmcd to havo no natural source. Ths olerk looked nt the blaoksmith, and even tbo akeptie felt bimeoit at fanlt. Suddenly tha first namod sprang to bis feet and rushed headlong out into tho passoge, along it to tho front door, and through it on to tho open pasture. Tbo blaaksmiih and tha ekoptio turned nnd dcoided 'to follow his lead as bast tlioy could. For, Btnnding in tho far corner was a figure so weird that not oven the skeptic oould control his fears. It was tho flguro of a young voman, absolutely hendloBS, end envolpcd in a Bbrond of onr- passing brillianoy. From tbis unnatural clothing tbo myetorions light seemed to emerge. Tho two mon got away safely and corroborated tho parish olork's desoription-of tha scans. Tho story \mn not gcnerallu' oroditod,.hut again and again was tho bones rented, only to bo vacated by oaoh succeeding tenant alter ono day's. oooopation. Noitbfcr Somors nor his false lady lovo cver-retp- psared at Sbalford, and whon yonr qnr/ee- pondonl last saw - it- tho blask hauso was still nnoeenpied and -was gradually/ failing into ruins. : ,'.7 / 