SPORTING NEWS. FOOTBALL GOSSIP. BY DROP KICK. The match last Saturday between the Im perial and the South resulted as it should have done in a draw. The game was fast and evenly contested, and both sides missed easy chances to score. The little marking of the South nonplussed their opponents, but when the game was open the Imperial had the advantage. The play of both teams was marred in a great measure by the number following, especially in the last quarter when there could not have been fewer than 30 players in the ruck. For the Imperial liosking, Robertson, Outtridgc and M'Kenzie shone most conspicuously, while for the South, Cleary, Morden, Roney, and Moore played with good dash and judgment. Ballarat did the Richmond badly, and all the papers except one speak highly of the form and play of the 8.F.G., men. The ex* ception, whilst praising Ballarat for its superb play, accuses them of using their weight too freely, and then make3 ttie ridiculous charge that Shaw, the field umpire, lost all control over the men. The writer evidently thinks that some must be made for the crushing defeat of his pets, and as it could not be put down to the usual “ weak team,” strikes out in another line. Disappointed at the result, a number of Richmond larrikins stoned the Ballarat players while leaving the grouud. The Imperial and Melbourne will meet at the Saxou to-morrow, and although the local men are confident of a win, it is anti pated that Melbourne will play a good game. The South and Maryborough will play a match at the Eastern Oval. The Southerners should win easily. Six Ballarat players have been chosen to take part in the match against N.S.YV. to morrow. They are Bailey and Christy from Ballarat, Moore and Roney from the South, and M'Kenzie and Hnskin from the Imps. All are good men aud true, and should prove worthy representatives of their clubs. South Melbourne has been in tronble in Tasmania with the field umpire. The diffi culty has been got over by the appointment, of an ex-Victoriau player for the remainder of their matches. . Geelong scored a lucky win from Carlton last Saturday. They got three goals four, behiuds to two goals 15 behinds. . North Melbourne were defeated in the same manner by Norwood in a .match at Adelaide last S iturday. A match is to be played between the Newport and Phceuix workshops at the Western Oval to-morrow, lhe visitors are to be banquetted after the match. I have no doubt but that both sides will hold their own in this part of the programme. How ever that may be, I hope that the.visitors will have fine weather and that they will thoroughly enjoy the trip. “ Follower,” in the Leader, says:— “Richmond, on their own ground, started at a dashing pace against Ballarat, but the visitors, who appear to be inviucible this season, soon mastered the locals, and steadily - increasing their advantage as the game proceeded inflicted a crushing defeat upon their opponents by undeniable superi ority of play. The fine form displayed by Ballarat tills season makes it a matter for regret that their matches do not count for premiership." “ Markwell,” in the Australasian■ writes: —Ballarat was very much too heavy metal for the Richmondites, notwithstanding that the latter were upon their native heath, and had at their command all the big guns of the club. When it is recorded that one team had 10 goals 12 behinds to its credit, against one goal six behinds gained by another team, there “ nefeds no ghost come from the grave to tell ” the reason. The quartz crushers are in rare buckle this season, and it is almost a pity that the exigencies of affairs rendered it necessary to confine premiership matches to the 12 competing clubs, for, if Ballarat were among the aspirants, its chances would be particularly rosy. 