THE DYING YEAR FROM AN ETHICAL POINT OF VIEW. Yesterday the Rev. G. D. Buchanan, of the Wiokham- terraiePresbyterianChuroh.preaohed Special sermons appropriate to the season. In the forenoon he chose as his subject "The weaver's loom and the web of Life," taking as his text, from the revised version, Isaiah, xxxviii.,] 12, " I have rolled up like a weaver my life He will cut me off from the loom." Messä The words of Hezekiah: the effect of knowing that our days are numbered; of realising that the years of our life are in the misty past. What is this little life? and has it been worth the living ? Hezekiah represents it as a day, and hence we see humanity as the ephemeral, with the dawn growing into noon, retiring into evening, and deepening into the night of oblivion. Again we have life represented as a tents At best the tent dweller is only a sojourner, and at any time may receive the command a "move on." But where? " Like the shadow." If this he all truly life | is not worth the living. The figure of the text gives a higher and more hopeful view of life, though one that might well set the soul to trembling. Life is as a won, the past weaving is rolled up, as upon a weaver's beam, man under God has been the weaver, at any moment the web may be declared finished and the weaver dismissed from the room, but his work will still remain, to be revealed when God un- rolls the web. We can see how forcible this illustration must have been to the Oriental mind, since somuohefthe life of the Eastern people was associated with the room and the weaver's art. Egypt spanks of the antiquity of the art, and shows the skill of the weavers in the mummy cloth, which we may 56a to-day. That the Patriarchs had an eye to the beautiful, in weaving, we can! see by Joseph's coat of many colours, and at a later period, when the Tabernacle curtains were of the most delicate material, and wrought with exquisite skill. ' This leads us to consider the weaver weaving the web of life with such materials as God hath given him. What shall we call the materials that can be woven into such a web ? What better name to them than "Capacities and Opportunities?' ¡ As each and every one has something peculiar to his own personality, and experience, it it easy to see, that each web of life, bearing the mark of the weaver, must differ from all others); 227., one has a vigorous constitution and; steadfast principles with a brilliant intellect and comprehensive mind, and withal perhaps he genius of the poorer the artist. All this will be woven into the web of life and unrolled in the life to come. But another is a wedding in body and mind, and without force of character, besides being burdened with hereditary taints, and possessing only an imbecile will, while compelled to contend with full j developed passions. What chance has such 1 one in such a world no this When all this appears the was of life, as appear it must, will not the greatest of all blessings be that the judgment is not in the hands of man, but with an omniscient and merciful God P Again looking at opportunities, see how one has all the benefits of a good social position, early education, and religious train- tug-boat with thiprovorbial silver spoon" in his mouth while another from birth fools the color blasts of adversity born in slavery, or in a heathen land, of heather parents, and absolutely without encouragement, or hope in youth, while in later years he sees nothing but the grim black clouds of iMBery. With this view of living no wonder the Buddhist ideal is to escape life in the unconscious existence of Nir- vain. But if Gocraupplies the materials, how is man responsible'! Manifestly for the use he makes of the God-given materials. The blackest stains on the web of life will, no doubt, be privileges abused, and talents caused, while the greatest credit will be given to those who have made the most of few talents and small opportunities. How often, even in this life, do we see the law in operation so that with the tuning of the great wheel of fortune the upper looks down, and the under finds the top. Gd can only expect the web and the material to! correspond-only the best possible, under the circumstances. But how can this help us P m honest view of ourselves, at the close of another year, can but make us tremble. We have received the finest of material for our waving, yet who of us would want to be present then our web of life is un- rolled P Will it notivorywhere show the coarse thread of selfishness and the black thread of passion P To be honest, is not the whole web stained through, and through, with sinful thoughts, words, all doods? Mon often tell us that their good Consists in the belief' that "every man who dies the boat he can will be saved." True saw conscience, true, says reason, the law, of) God ; but where is the man who does the best he oanP No man living who wishes tube honest with himself, can make such a claim, for if he did, there is the web of life tel condemn, and though wound on the barn of the past, and mostly hidden, youths stains are there. For examples of works, and weaving, look at Judas, with BUsh choice material, yet weaving through it all the black thread of avarice, and can we cast stones at him P On the other hand, look at Paul, weaving through all the troubles of life the threads of love and consecration. But we] must look to Jesus for the ideal of human perfection, and to his life to see the web of the most quality the only one of spotless purity j If this life comes from God, and returns to him where, and when he wills, how will mino appear P The question of questions for the dying year, because the past unrolled determines destiny. Such is the teaching of conscious and revelation. Can any web of life stand the scrutiny of God's eye, if it is to appearing as woven, with all the coarse, black, weak, and broken threads of our own choosing? No, no, echoes a world in despair. Man's great est necessity is to find some gracious power by which the past may be amended and clean d, and by which the future may be worn only with God-given materials. God has 1 made this provision, and thus satisfied man's necessity. This is the essence of the gospel ' ' good news." But even this has increased it a sin, for the blackest of all sin is the rejection of the offers of infinite love. How of in have we done this in the year just passed' All will appear in the unrolling, but the le it life will reveal much more of Christ's words correction than man's work of construction. In the evening Mr. Buchanan preached on, "The Weaver's Shade, and the Flight of Time." His text was Job 7, vi., "My days are swifter than a weaver's shuttle ;" and in the course of his sermon he said In this our last Sabbath and series in 1889, it is well to consider the flight of time, and the fixed record of the year, for good or evil, of opportunities improved or lost. The longer we live the more we must realise that in our earthly life we are creatures of time that lies, and of space as yet undefined. That time and space are related' to the visible universe we learn from John's vision of the angel of God with one foot on the sea and the other upon he land, declaring that time was time is, but time shall be no longer," but all enveloped in the indefinable eternity. In which condition of things the sea is to be no more, and the heavens are to be rolled together like a sorell. But what is time, and what space of Simple words, and often uttered, but too deep for human thought to fathom or human philosophy to define. ~ Some philosophers have ventured upon these defini- tions namely, "Time is the negation betwixt the boundary lines of motion, and " space is the negation, betwixt the boundary lines of form," but such defining is not intelligible to the multitude, and still the question is asked. Then the poets and essayists set themselves to describe time rather than to define it thou Cowper-" Time as he passes has a dove's wing, unsoiled, and swift, and of a silken Bound." Cicero "Time is that which destroys the speculations of men, but confirms the judgments of God." Bhak snare Time is the old justice that examines all offenders;" "What's past and what's to come is strewed with husks, the form- less ruin of oblivion." Colton-" Wisdom walla before time, opportunity with it, and re- pentance behind it. Young-" Thus in advance, behind him hides his wines, and seems to creep, decrepit with his age. Behold him when passed by; what then is seen, but his broad pinions, swifter than the winds" "Time wasted is existence, used is life." "We nash time from us, then we wish him back." Time's a god; hast thou ne'er heard of time's omnipotence?" When the poets and philosophers are done, let the Christian answer: Time is the succession of moments, given for duty, and that I may prepare for eternity ; time to me is a commodity for use a book for instruction, a ladder by which I may climb the watchtower of serene, truth- loving contemplation, and reverence ; but alas, how often men use it as a ladder by which to descend into some deep dark pit of human passion, each day finding them one rung lower in depravity. The text brings us back to the room, and the web of life, and fixes attention upon the swift-flying shuttle carrying the thread which is to appear in the finished was of life. The flying shuttle and the woven threads naturally lead us to the pleasant, or unpleasant, duty of retrospection, and hero questions of transcendent importance present themselves to every earnest soul, and demand serious answers, eg., in the light of heaven, where nothing can be hidden, now does my life appear P In my secret soul, what has been my chief object in living this year? What effect has my living had upon my body, mind, and soul P If my object has been obtained, has it been worth the effort, and is it likely to have any permanence for good P Having asked and answered these questions, in all seriousness, we may pass from the subjective to the objective, from experience to observation, and ask what the world has to teach us at this point. The first answer of the passing years is, that there is some unseen, but ever operative force constructing, destroying, and reconstructing, as the seasons come and go. As Nature in the past made a record for the reading of the scientists of to-day, so we would fain believe nature is writing now for the readers of generations yet to come. Thus death is not destruction as we had thought, and dying is only the apparent, the reality being stepping-stones to higher forms of life ; from physical existence to thought, and from the mental conception to the highest form of spiritual and eternal existence. And what has each person and every nation to teach us but that all sentiment Ufo misdirected in the passing years by an overruling power, and that all are making a record to be read at the final judgment. What will it be God as yet covers it as with a veil. We must wait until he draws the curtain, when the mysteries of the midnight will be clear in the noonday. But is retrospection of no practical use to me now ? Decidedly yes for if it produces its proper fruit, it will for over bullish envy and all thoughts of revenge, as well as every inordinate desire. By retrospection we may understand Addison's morning when he says, "When I look upon the tombs of the great, every motion of envy dies. When I read the epitaphs of the beautiful, every inordinate desire forsaken me. When I meet with the grief of parents upon a tombstone, my heart melts with compassion. When I see the tombs of the parents themselves, I reflect how vain it is to grieve for those whom we must so quickly follow. When I BBO hangs lying beside those who deposed that; when I behold rival wits, placed side by side, and the holy men who divided the world with their contests and disputes, I reflect with sorrow and astonish- ment on the frivolous competitions, factions, and debates of mankind." Without envying the past, or unduly fearing the future, we may make use of the golden now. The fatal mistake of so many is that " to-morrow armour, in the distance as the ghastly ghost of "yesterday," and by its shadow of terror paralyses the action of to-day." Because something adverse happened "yesterday," therefore do nothing " to-day," but wait until to-morrow." O mail! Knowest thou not that "because" and "wait" are twins in the destruction of all that is noblest and best in the possibilities of humanity P By this means a false philosophy of life is produced namely, that life is too short to do anything of importance, and too long to do nothing ; honor the chief end of man becomes, not to glorify God and enjoy Him for ever," but to seek out some new invention for killing time," and thus to many this becomes the chief business in life. To introduce a serious subject in conversation with such as either to drive them mud or speedily from your company. "Time enough to morrow" is their constant plea, though they may know that countlesS lives, and even kingdoms, have been lost through procrastination. Yonder in a lake formed by the summer breeze is a little boat rocked by the gorilla wavelets, and within the boat is a maiden fast asleep, all unconscious that the string of pearls around her neck has become detached, and one end of the string having fallen over the side of the boat, with each book of the tiny craft a pearl is shaken off and disappears in the crystal depth. One by one they are nearing the pearl of more value than all the others. Something startled the sleeper, she awakes just UB the chief pearl is troubling down the string. A grasp-her hand plunges into the water gone moment too late. Who cannot see in this picture an experience of 1889? While asleep to possibilities, opportunities have been slipping away, and the awaking has been too late to save the prize. With the gliding years will we also allow the pearl of great price" to pass for ever beyond our reach ? While over careless about the present, we are all anxious to poor into the unknown future without stopping to reflect that while memory is a Massing providence would be an unutterable curse. Suppose we were endowed with a faculty by which we could see the future, such a gift would paralyse all present action, for if our future is to be better than the present, how we would chafe with discontent, and think the time long and heavy, whereas, if the future was to be worse, should we not always be saying " what's the use, seeing it is all to end in failure?" And so also, if we were able to see the union, for If the glories of a better world were open to our vision, how unbearable would our present life become, and all our moments would be spent in wishing to die. If we were endowed with mioroBcopTo vision, how we should be terrified with the food we eat, and with the water we drink ; seeing only great monsters in that which we regard as necessary to life. Therefore, the greatest of all charity is the curtain which hides the future, and the veil which covers the unseen. We can only wait until we are able to see and hear things too wonderful for us to understand, as yet. Sulfi lent for us now to BOO and know that without Christ all is darkness, and that with Christ " all is well. To sum it all up, there are three views of time, any one of which may be ours-namely:-1. The view of the world- ling-The Past : Oh ; never mind it ; it has flown. The Present: We'll enjoy it; that's our own. The Future : It's remote ; let it alone. 2. The view of the sceptio-The Past : A maze, too endless to explore. The Present : An enigma and a bore. The Future : Fog and tombstones ; nothing more. 3. The view of the Christian Tho PaRt : A sad memory of human Bin. The Present : A time to repent and labour in. The Future : Eternal happiness to win. Which will you chose for A. E. 1890 ? FROM THE WATCHMAN'S TOWER. The subject of the Rev. W. 0. Lilley's dis course at the Ann-street Free Methodist Church, last evening, was, " The old year 1889." There was a fair attendance. The rev. gentleman based his remarks on portion of the sixth verse of the 21st chapter of Isaiah : " Go, sets watchman, let him declare what he teeth." He said that every minister of the gospel was a watchman, and as such he wished to look round as from a tower to see what had been the position of the world during the waning year. He might take a very narrow view, and not only upon the lives of those gathered before him, and speak of the sorrows and troubles which had been theirs; or of colonial life, political agitations, the arrival of a Governor; but he wished to take a wider range and look out a little on the world. In following him in this glance at the now nearly expired year his hearers must come to the conclusion that the year had been one of great catastrophes. There had been some very dark events, many of which had almost appalled men as they read of them. What a number of accidents had occurred-the railway collision in Ireland, when so many children were killed the explosion at Antwerp and the terrible disaster in Johns- town, where the whole city with its inhabitants was swept away by a roaring, raging flood. These, indeed, were sufficient to appal men, and make them think of the world they lived in. I Tho sceptics had asked, "CnntheroboaGodP" and "Can such dark things happen in God's universe if He is a benevolent God ?" They forgot that in these catastrophes there was as much of the works of men as of those of God to be considered for men were bound to exercise caution in dealing with powers and forces which their limited knowledge but poorly grasped. Dealing with social questions, Mr. Lilley said that those of capital and labour, or wealth and want, as certain writers had put it, had exercised the minds of men. The London dock strike had created an impression that would not wear away. The year 1839 would mark an epoch in the history of labour, he was sure the dock strike would make things better for the poor struggling multitudes. Very few in the colonies suffered from want, or know anything of the teeming thousands of the poor in London and in the large cities in Europe, or of the wretched squalor in which they lived. But on learning something of this wretchedness, Australia, America, and the English-speaking world had pitied and helped to relieve them. And he thought some real solution of the social problem might come out of it, for he believed that there was a true solution of the difficulties which had arisen between enormous wealth and bitter want. It would not be by the establishment of soup kitchens, nor by giving men food, for no man who was a true man wanted charity he wanted work. Work was the solution of the difficulty, and although porbapB work for all could not yet be obtained, England would find a remedy in dealing with those who put diamond collars round the necks of their dogs, while people in the next street were starving. He knew that the excessive power hold by trade combinations would prove hurtful, and that their demands might be unfair ; but yet the people must be cared for. When wilt thou save the people, O God of Mercy, when Not kings and lords, hut nations ! Not Uirrmos and crowns, but more Flowers of thy heart, O God, are they Let them not pass like clouds away, Their heritage a sunless day, God save the people ! If Christianity could be brought to bear upon these questions, if men would see how to apply the word of God to the struggling masses, there would come into the world a far brighter day than kind yet dawned. The religious aspects of the past year, he said, showed an onward march of the Churches. He referred to the struggle against ritualism and the trial of the Bishop of Lincoln, claiming that although the result was not great it showed that the people were awaking to the fallacy of the mummery of Borne. The criticism of missionary movements by Mr. Caine, though his charge had probably been exaggerated, had turned men's minds to think of them and doubtless a better system would be devised. He also traced the good results from belaboured MnrousDods, Mr. Hunter, of Glasgow, and others, and argued that the struggle for theological freedom had been attended with very good results. The rev. gentleman i concluded by referring to the death list of the year, mentioning the names of Signor Gavazzi, the great Italian reformer, who endeavoured to reform the unreformed papacy ; Dr. Bonar, Dr. Somerville, LulioTyromun,'MiBBWb.atoly, Miss Hayes, John Bright, Father Damien, Dr. I Lightfoot, Dr. Ilatoh, Robert Browning, Martin Tupper, and H. E. Searle. He earnestly appealed to those present to decide for Christ on that the last Sabbath in the old year, for in the portals of the new year might be written of some of them " This year thou shalt die." 