MELBOURNE GOSSIP. From our Correspondent. It is gratifying to observe that tne lessons taught by some of the con etitucncies during the late elections have borne fruit, It was expected that the demeanour of the new House •would differ from that of the oldj one ; but few people ventured to hope for so great a change for the better as seems to have taken place. It was pointed out, however, by the press that mem bers of Parliament were pretty much what constituencies made them. If electors choose to send overgrown and ancient larrikins to the Assembly, and made no sign of disapproval of the mad pranks they played when they got there, it was not likely that they would place much restraint upon their actions. . But the constituencies, al most as a.body, have very significantly expressed their opinions upon the matter, and have let it be known that they send men to, and pay them for their attendance in Parliament for the transaction of public business; and, moreover, that they expect their affairs to be conducted with some regard to the forms of common decency. There fore, a change was expected ‘when the kew House met.' Still, even those who iiad been most sanguine had hardly Ventured to hope for so great an im provement as seems to have taken place, For all that, it is perhaps as well not to be over sanguine just yet. There is still a considerable quantity of the old leaven left in the new gathering, and no one knows exactly when and where it will show itself. -All we can tjo js to hope for the best. It should be the aim of every member 'to make the Assembly of which he forms a part respectable and respected. That object can only bo attained when every mem ber learns to respect himself, aid having learnt that, he will have learned to respect his fellow-members. It can not be a source of pride, one should think, to be one of a body from which some of our best men hold aloof which week after week hac been the subject of ridicule in the columns of the so-cailcd Society periodicals — and ■which has so frequently been gravely rebuked by all the leading organs of public opinion. A change has now t>den: made in the right direction, ftnd it is to be hoped that every member, whether he represents town or country, will see the necessity of using his best endeavours to raise the toiie of the House until it has readied the standard to which it is desirable it should attain. Before these lines are read, how evet, a test will have been applied wWh *-• nwle «>f riie House. The new rules of. procedure will raise a discussion whenever they are brought forward. They are drastic and sweep ing in character, but not more so than experience has shown to be necessary ; and orderly members ought to no more resent their introduction, than orderly and law-abiding citizens resent the appearance of policemen in. the streets. Both are necessary to the' well-being of society. ' lA.fter having failed to secure a suit able Attorney-General from the ranks of the Public Service, the Governm'ont have at last thrown the post open to competition among outsiders. The duties of the office require a sound and extensive knowledge of legal affairs in the person who holds it; still it is a rather significant fact that only nine men have applied for the situation. The immediate salary is £900, with a prospective increase to £1000. It therefore follows that men of the right stamp can make more money at the f Bar, and there, is small blame to them if they prefer to keep their private practice. As a matter of fact, the sum offered is looked upon as a mere pittance by qualified men, and is cer tainly not equal to the emoluments of some other of our public offices which require a less amount of ability to manage them. I could mention a colony with a third of the population, and less than one-eighth the revenue of Victoria, in which the officer hold ing the position corresponding to that of our Attorney - General, receives £1250 a year, with a reversionary interest in the Chief Judge-ship, and is assisted by a Deputy at £1000, a Crown Attorney at £700, and Crown Solicitor at £600—the two first-named officers having seats the Legislative Council. The conse quence is that the best men at the Bar go in for the higher posts referred to. People have not yet done talking about the Nimmo incident. As a minister the gentleman was r.ot of much use, and had he resigned of his own free will, or had he been pitched into a seat on the other side of the House through an overturn of the Ministerial coach, most people would have said “ good riddance.” But the way in which he has been turned out of office has created for him a certain amount of sympathy, while it has earned for the Premier and his chief colleague a good deal of well-merited contempt* If there existed a compact opposition, led by a capable man, the Government would not have a long tenure of office. But the opponents of the Government are so split up into small parties, with only Mr. Muuro for a leader, that they can do nothing, and the Lords of Misrule will continue in office some time longer. What is now wanted is a politician oapablo of welding the “mutually repulsive frag ments ” of the opposition into a homo genous whole. Unfortunately, that man has not yet made his appearance. Meanwhile, Mr. D. M. Davies has be gun to draw ministerial pa}'. Referring to that gentleman a Society paper says that this is the way in which Mr. Nimmo puts it ::—“D——^M. Davies !” Very likely ! The Opposition, such as it w:is, managed to spring a surprise upon the Government—and the public, on the very day Parliament was opened. They positively refused to raise a debate upon the Address. They were probably aware that we had enough of that sort of thing last year to suffice for the next five sessions, Whatever their motives may have been, however, the public are infinitely obliged to them, and will mark that evidence of their good sense on the credit side of their account in the public ledger. The address was moved by Mr. Peacock, a young Aus tralian native, and his first per formance did him credit. His style is rather monotonous — a fault that wearies during a long speech, and, moreover, q fault that ideas, however good they may be, do not always redeem. He should practice the art of public speaking a little more. The seconder of the Address, Mr. Poster, of Gippsland, also spoke very well. He is frank also, anj told the Govern ment that if his single vote could turn^ them out on the Stock Tax, he would give that vote. But that, as the tax had not a ghost of a chance at present, he would help them in carrying out their general policy. The rumor grows that, as soon as op portunity oilers, the Cabinet intend to bring in a bill for, the creation of an other Ministerial portfolio. This measure has been foreshadowed some time. But the question to he con sidered is, }ylmt 15 the country tq gain by it 1 Is there any need for a new post ? I think not. Neither do Ministers really think so. The onb’ neocssity that exists for the creation of a now office is that it will form a con venient stepping peg upon which to hang a fat salary. That feat accom plished by a spieces of political jugglery the introduction into the Cahinct of some needy supporter of the Govern ment follows, as a matter of course. The only question is, who is the guilty _I beg his pardon ; the fortunate party? Does anybody ever reflect that the Yic.jrian House of Assembly —the payment of its members, I mean —costs the colony nearly £SQ,QQQ a ye&r;? Aiid if they are' qlive to that trifling circumstance, will they state whether the legislative work got through last year is worth thirty thousand pence 1 Life has this week a good political cartoon. Scene, a taproom : Den,kin standing behind the bar-counter, watch ing' Duncan Gillies, stripped, shirt sleeves turned upabove theelbows, turn ing Nimmo out of doors. A huge bull dog with “Albert Park”engraved upon the collar, has seized l3uncan by the seat of his trousers. A slate hangs on the wall upon which are countless “drinks” are scored under the respec tive names of Lorimer and Dow. These two gentlemen are leaning against the counter. Says Lorimer, pointing to the slate with his thumb, “I say, Dow, old fellow, that slate’s pretty, full, i shoxddn'l wonder if it be out* turn next. 