'THE BONDMAN.* A XRW SAGA. BD HALL OAINE. Author of "The Deemster," "A Son of Iagar," "he Shadow of a Crime," etc., ste. CHAPTER XX. TrE PEACm OATH. Thero was short shrift for Red Jason. He was tried by the court nearest the spot, and that -was thd criminal court over which the Bishop in -his civil capacity presided, with nine of his neighbours on the bench beside hi1. From this court an appeal was possible to the Court of the Quarter, and again from the Quarter Court to the High Court of Althing; but appeal in 'this caso there was none, for there was no de fence. And because Icelaudic law did not allow -of thoimprisonment of a criminal until after he hadbeen sentenced, aninquest was called forth wvith, lest Jasou should escape or compass the crime he had attempted. So the Court of In luiry sat the same night in the wooden sheld that served both for Senate and House of 1 Justice. The snow was now falling heavily, and the hour was late, but the court-house w:as thronged. It was a little place-a plain box, i bare, toatureless, and chill, with walls, roof and i seats of wood, and floor of hard earth. Four short benches were raised, step above stop, against the farthest side, and on the highest of 1 these the Dishop sat, with three of his col- i leagues on each of the three lows beneath him. The prisoner stood on a broad stool to the i right, and tho, witnesses on a like stool to the left. A wooden bar crossed the room about v midway, and in the open space between that -and the door the spectators wore crowded to gether. The place was lighted by candles, and t some waer fixed to the walls, others were held 1 by ushers on the end of long sticks, and afew a -wero:hung to' the roof.rafters byhemp ropes S tied about their middlei. .The floor ran like a n : . 'treanir and.'the qtisospciee was full of. the ii -'-r""v?p?uir'obf thb snow that was melting on the t people's clothes. Nothing-could be ruder than the court-house, but the court that sat tlere ob -served a rule of procedure that was almost an -idolatry of form. SThe prisonerwas called by the name of Jason,' son of Stephen Orry, and having answered, in a voice so hollow that it saeemed to come out of te the earth beneath him, he rose to his place. His attitude was dull and umpassivo, andho seemed 01 hardly to see the restless crowd that murmured tc -at sight of him. Itis tall flgure stooped, thoere o was a cloud on his strong brow, and a slow ire h: in his blood-shot eyes, and his red lair, long as c a woman's, hung hi disordered masses downs his worn cheeks to his shoulders. Tno ishop, a i venerablo prelate of great ago, looked at him and thought, " That man's heart is dead within him." The mouthpiece of thle court was a middle- w aged man, who was short, had little piercinc P' eyes, asquare brush of iron-grey hair that stooa erect across the top of his corded forehead, and to a crisp clear utterance, like the crackle of a al horso's hoofs on thre frost, ps I Jason was charged with an attempt to take to the life of Michael Sudocks, first President of th the second tepublic. He did not plead and sh had no defence, and the witnesses against him th spoke only in answer to the loading questions of the judges. ta SThe irst of thel witneesses was Greeb horself, cl and her evidence, given in English, was inter- ey prted by an interpreter. All er brave strength was now gone. She trembled visibly. Her lhe eyes were down, her head was bent, her face wi was half-hidden by the hood of a cloak she wore, and her tones were barely audible. She th, had little to say. The prisoner had forced his Ito way into Government-house, and there, to her own face, had threatened to take the life of her husband. In plain words he had done so, and ther made show of going ir pursuit of her hus- o band that he might carry out his design., t, " Wait," said the Bishop, " your husband ro, was not present I" Ie " No," said Greeba. " Tere was, therefore, no direct violence ?" t' i " None." "And the wlole sum of the prisoner's h offence, so fat us you know of it, lies us the use al of the words that you have repeated C" 50 " Yes." sil Then, turning to t he spokesman of the court, uc the old bishop said- as " Therehas been no overt act. This is notan attempt, but a threat to take life." " Your pardon, my lord," said the little man, 11 in his crisp tones. "I will show that th le prisoner is guilty of the essential part of murder itself. Murder, my lord," he added, "is not rmerely to compass the destruction of a life, for a" there is homicide by misadventure, there is I justifiable homicide, and there are the rights, long recognised by Icelandic lawly' oftlte raven gers of blood. Murder is to hkill in secrecy and s after long-harboured melice, and now, my lord, thg I'shall show that the prisoner has lain mwait toslay the Proeident of the Republic." th( -At that Greebl stood down, and other mu witnesses followed her. Nearly everyone had boon summoned with whom Jason had ex- i changed words since he landed eight days the before. There was the lean student who had s ' told him of the drill at the Latin school, the cot little tailor who had explained the work at the to! gaol, the stuttering doorkeeper at the senate ouse, and one of the masonsat the fort. Much the was made of the fainting in the Cathedral yard th" on the Sunday morning, and out of the deaf - landlady, the CathedraF caretaker, soeo start- *i" ling disclosures Ecemed to be drawn. wh . t'Still," said the old Bishop, " I see no overt 811 -act." I " Good gracious, my lord," said the little sia spokesman, " are w to wait until the knife it. .-olf has been reddened ?" ro: " God forbid," said the old Bishop. tale Then came two witnesses to prove motive. prt 'Tho first of them was the tipsy comrade of former days, who had drawn Jason into thie Bi drinking-shop. He could say of his own Know- oth ledge that Jason was jealous of the new the governor. Tie two were brothers in a sort of stre way. So people said, and so Jason lhad told him. They had the same father, but different lort mothers. Jason's mother had been the daughter Sul of the old governor, who turned his back on her ather marriage. At her death he relented, and tur tried to find Jason, butcould not, and then took agr up with Michael Stulocks. People said that mis was the beginning of the now governor's for- F tuno. At all events Jason thought' he had Jasi oeen supplanted, was very wroth, and sworo eo que wvould be revenged. The second of tie t~wo witnesses pointed to a ag very different motive. IHe was one of the three Danes who had twice spoken to Jason--the elderly man of the m'eek and quiet manner. "1 Tihoughhimself loyal .to tlhe Icelandid Itepublic eto had been much thrown among its enemies. gret Jason was one of them ; he came hero as a spy T direct from Copenhagen, and his costant asso- lief. ciates wore Thomsen, an old, white-headed man ei living in thle High street, and Pol-esen; a young he? and sallow man, who kept oud of thol store.s bus facing the sea. With these two Jason' had and beenhcard by him to plant tle assassination of him the President, dt' At this evidence ther, was ia deep murmur ber .among the people, and it was seen that Greeba seiz .had risen again to her foot. Her heart hruoed evel and stormed within her. She tried to epeak but had could not. At that moment Jasorin turned his pro bloodshot eyes in he direction, and then her seer limbs gave way under her, and sio sank back locl with a moan. The court misread her emotion, its, and she was reenoved.' Jason's red eyes fol- T \- lowed hr ceonstantly. tiy Bisl " i- This'is a case . for tio' Warniring, .not for deli \--," punishment," said the Bishbop.': '"'Itis plainly Cou S written hi our old Law Book that if a man heor threaten to slay another man ho shall be warned six of the gravity of the criom he conltemplates you and of the penalty attaching to it." you " Gracious heavens, my lord," cried the little wor opokesman, "what reason have we to assume brol that this prisoner is ignorant' of either ? W~th Slif to guard that is prizedby friends and precious to the State shall w let this mango as treo who had sworn before witnesses to destroy wor " God forfend," said the Bishop. 3Ic It was lawful to question the prisoner, nnd so old lbe was questioned. est "Is it true that you havo been lying in wait dre to kill the iPresident " asked tlIe spokesman. Sui But Jason made no answer. for a"Is it true tlat you lave done so from a do- you .siro for personal venougeance P?" No answer. lie I "Or from political motives P" 'les No ansrwer. " Or both l"'s Still no answer. drte Then the spokesman turned back to tIhe broe court. "The stubborn persistence of the pri- T soner is easy to uiderstalid,' he steid, and .smiled. "Wait," said the old IBishop, and ho turned d towards'Jason. A "Have you any valid plea r" "had . Dut Jason gave no sign. but "Listen," said the Bishop. "Tlhough the d man who compasses the destruction of a single h life is as thorgh ho had destroyed a world, for d thie posterity of him who is dead might have tar fillcd a world, yet leave all laws of men since o trl' Pentateuch recognised certain conditions that limit the gravity ot the crime. 'If tile man a who is slain has limself slainl tIle near kindred e -of his slayer, though tlhe law of Iceland would He mo longer hold him guiltless, as in the anciont t rues whlen evil for evil was the rule and sen eto t . s All eeafats i e ." Hut Stence, neither would it punish hilu as a mur derer, who must eat the bro:ad nir drink the water of misery all his days. Now what is true of murder must be true of intent to murder, and though I am lothl to believe it possible in this instance, honouring and loving ps we all do that good man whom you are charged with lying, in wait to kill, yet in my duty must I sok you the question- has Michael Sunlocks spilled blood of your blood, aot is iI as a redeemer of blood tlat you go to about to slay him ?" it There was a dead hush in the little crowded in court-house as Jason lifted his hea.vy, bloodshot is eyes to the Bishop's face and answered, in a in weary voice, -' I have nothing to say." if Then allo aged Lutheran priest, whlo had sat rt within the rail, with a snilt- heox in his hand and it ared print handerchief across his knee, hobbled Sup to the witness stool and tendered evidence. Sli He could throw light on the prisoners hatred of o the Proesident, if it was true that the President -. was a son of St4phen Orry. Hie knew the pri. o sonor, and hiad named him in his baptism. Ho i- had kntiwn the prisoner's mother also, and had it at with her at her death. It was kuite true f that sihe was a daughter of the late eovernr, and Isadheenbadly treated by her father. But a she had been yet more badly treated by her a hlusband, who married again while she was , still alive, and had anotier sone by the othler 1 wife. On her deathbed she had heard of this, r ind told the prisoner, iwho theou and there, this Switness being present, mdo an awful vow of f vengeauce upon his father and his fatiher's son. The old priest was heard in silence, and his Swords sent iii uivor through thie court-house. Even Jason, who had shown nointerest save t when Greebk was removed, lifted up his blood t shot eyes again and listened. And the Bishop, visibly moved, turned to t the court and said, "Leot us put this prisoner I back to be tried by theoligh Court and thoe Lag. r mann." What; 'my lord!" cried.theosittls spokes .flan wmith alofty Ibsr, "0nilt set him at liberty int meantime, to carry out the crime he threatens Y. " Heaven forbid," said the Bishop. "Reomomber, until he has been condemned we have no power to hold him," said the spokesmain. The Bishop turned to an uiher and said, " Bring me the Statute Book," and the great tome was brought. The Bislhoopoened it and again turnoedt to thoe prisoner. " The Almighlty,"t said ihe, " created oie mesms at the heginnio, to teach us that nll man are brethiren, and the las, of our old country provides that when two have t had disputes and pursued each other on no. count of hatred, sveen as brettirems they shall mate peace before their neighbours. No,, listen to the words I sltp read to you, amid be t ready to say if you will swear to them." Then a great sileice felt upon the peopleo, while in soleemn tones the old Biislhop read the Peace Oath. " Ye two shall be set at one and live friendly a together, at meat and at drink, in the Althing a iand at meetings, at kirk prayers and in king's I palace; and in whatever plac elso sen meet a together, there shall ye be so seat aone, as if b this queirrel had never come between you. Ye ti shall share knife and meat together, and all 0 thlings besides, as friends and not as enemies." b The Bishop paused aid leoked over his spoli taclea at Jason, who stood as before, witi the cloud on his brow and the slow fire inlus deep s eyes, but with no sign of ofeeling or interest. li Will you promiso to swear. to this, swheno I shaull lav returneda who should swear to it with you ?' said the Bishop. f Then all eyes turned towards Jason, and d there came across his face at that moment theo look of a bated dog. " No," lie growled. tl The spokesman shifted in his seat and the pesple grew restless. as "Listeo agais," said tihe Bishop, and his it long whito beard shook iad his solemn voice w rose to a shrill cry as ihe twisted hack to the sr book and read:- 11 " But if one of you obe so mad that Ihe breaksm this truce thus made, and slays after pledges to have beii made and his blade has reddenediie as saoll be as outlaw, accursed and driveiiasvi~- 01 so far as meem drive iwolves farthest away. a ie}} shall be banished of God anld all good CristianIs men, as far as Clhristian men soak churches, l as mothers bring forth sons, son cills mother, flames blazo up, mankind kindle tire, earth is w ggreo, sunt shines, and suoe covers athe graund ; he shall tlee from kirk ansi Christian men, God'sas hou se and mankind, and from every home save as hell." s0 Then there was a pause and a great hush, as and the Bishop lifted his eyes from the book, and said- G " Will you swear to it ?" Again all eyes tuned towards'Jaeae, and. fe again his face, which had been ispassier k m the look of a hated dog. fo " No, no, no !" lie cried in a loud aoice, and aL then the great silence was' broken by deep at murmurs. "It is useless," said the spokesmaon. "IVrd ts tings ast peace ,aths, though still valid, are sfi the machlinery of anlother age. Thisprisoner t is not igsoranit of the gravity of the crims he r l contemplates, nor yet of the pensalty attaclsie- lie to it." There sas an audible murmur of assenit from th the people. "Thait's true," said onic. "lht'e the truest word spokeni to-night," said anotlier - "Th s olseals isalt for merey,"said a third. "It iv) isn't safe," said i fourth. Amid there wvasothuer 00 wlhuer nilg, and much nodding of lheadsu litd thuftin' of feet. sit Encouraged by these comments the little ye spokesman adued- se "Ii say other country at lhis age of the to, world a mais srlih tacitly admitted a design to iii take lifo would be promptly clappet into tit prison."et sAy, ay," the people muttered, but the wl Bishp drew himsself up and said, " III ao nor other eountry a criminal who showed no fear do thi the death that hung over him would be imo straiglitway consigned to a muadhouse." to "Wo have no madhouse in this island, imy lord," said the little spotikesman, ave the w Sulphiseliines, ansd there ite mast go." ivO "W ait," said the Dislope," ano onet again lie turned to the prisoner. If this court should to agree to ship you out of Iceland will you pro. l mise Hever moro to return to it 'r" tus For the third time all eyes were turned en fin Jason, hut he didt or eos to hear the Bishop's to qesetion. cot "Will you promise :" said the Bishop ie again. lois \- No," said Jason. .en " Daingerous trilling," said thls spokesman.g8 " When you seize a miad dog you strangle it." "Ay, a".y" cried mraiy voices at once, and s great eciteseot prevailed. cat Thlie ol Bishop drec back with a sigh of re- cot liof. to loved -Michael Suolocko anid bad been soi eager to save him. IHe pitied Greeba, and for Sh her sake also had becen anxious to protect her wil husband. 'But from thlomoment ho saw Jason pile and thought, 'i Thatman's heart is dead within he him," his love had struggled with his sense of is duty. As the trial vesnt' on ite had remoai- sie' bered Jason and recalled Isis hitter history, and tea seized with a strong sympathy he biall straie the every nerve to keep back lhis punishment. He hel had done alli le coulil do, hle haid nothinsg to re. ivb preach himself with, mid full of a deep snd secret foy' ut thre certanits ofthe saftytI o Soil- hot lock~s, h nowo fell back t at thoelaw might take t its coureo. The Court was counted out, and then the dI Bishop turesed for the lIst tim's to Jusos, mid of delivered ludoieenh' 'Thow sethneo' of. this a Court," liemid, "is that you ha reeoved from n io wore to the Sulphur Misses, ohid be kept thear Ge six mouths cerkins, andso se en thereafte as g you refuse ts take the Oath of ece pledging li yourself for ever,' as b ltg ss you t livo or the hiorldendur us, toubeat lshe io l your enemyas i he trosoers before elI men ulvislg." now Greoba aloisoe Imow the truth alhout thi Jason. Jason allso had lIed from Monol wiesout h ord or tsoaruiag it had rset hes ouat of fear of him, but of her brothers. h1crsmetii eleit ts MIichael Sumuloebs,. her shlort siny oitli ttsjgoed crue old Bishop Petersen. hoer terrisige and the elhi) festival that folleived, had lpasoed hier Isy liko car dra.Thess caine the first shlort partin~g iiitli slo Suslorks whais lie had eald, " I moot leave youcr for a fertisight. for the moo I aunt ii seisressof the your father have blundered osdl retanriid with. , out hhsr." She had eried a littloartthazt, and 'he lie had kiscd her, asid made a bravo lsose of Islo courage, thuhosh could ase the tears ii i Ifs owls big shsegyes. But it ivas all t is0 dream, a siveet anithap dreamu, nsd sslp~yhyo the comisig of' Josse had Use dream boeo avl brobess. forl Tliei foltosred her terror, her 'hlea, hler fear fdai for tier Ilsasassi's life, her defiance of J050ii, limid thle chlargeo she made against him. An~d thle first burst of tier passion over, she co: hrad thougnht to herself, "My ~hushalsdis safe, nol hat Jason willsose tell all and I atiall boalost ha' sod ruinedw\oisais," for siotbing hlad abs yet said to M~ielseel Ssnlochis'concerutag the man g who lied ivosed uld won and relososet her I~ot l lu ar of hi, liesscea mid her Ne "Ho iill hear the story ,iose," she ahls Jaono.' ,su~udnotffrm my owals pshot fromr Being tlmenl as far immersed asol coilsll net but het g ems, isl esaso sliebd etlosees hsoroolf is o buled he tothe court-house. No Quo there hash thought yo to' ask tier if sheo hadt knoivo ausythsilsg of Jesois before thant day, and she on tier part Isash said Jo noting of uesvisg\i~h hinca Blut slchn Jasa ha do r. looked at her with eyes of reproach that seemed to to go through her soul, he seemed to be saying. is "This is but half the truth. Dare you not toll to the rest ?" it Then listening to the lying of other, wit. g nesses, and lookilg up at Jason's face, so full of re pain, and seeing how silent ho was under cruel Sperjury, she remembered that this man's worst s crime had been his lovo of her, and so she stag I, gered to her feet to confess everything. o When she came to herself after that, she was back in her own home-her now homP, the 'd home of her lutppydream, her husband's liomin at and hers. and there lher first fear returned to a her. "Hio will tell all," site thought, "and evil tou1ues will make it worse, and slsimo will it fall uIpon my husband, and I shall bo'lost, lost, d lost." d She waited with feverish impatience for the r. coming of the fDishop to tell her the result of if the trial, and at length lie came. t What have they done with him?" she i. cried: rind ho told her. " What defence did ihe make f" she asked. d None," said the Bishop. o" What did he say F" she asked again. " Not a word but ' No,'" said the Bishop. t Thon she drew a long breath of immense re rlilf, and at the next instant site reproached her. a self. How little of soul she hail been! And r how gre?t of heart hadt been Jason! IIo Scouldl ave wrecked her life with a word, but he had held his peace. She had sent himn to f rison, and rather than smite he had suffered Shimself to be smitten. She felt hersoli small and mean. 5 And the Bishop, having, as he thoughlt, banished Greeba's terror, hobbled to the door, for now the hour was very late, and the snow was still falling. " Tho poor soul will do your good husband no mischief now. Poor lad! poor lad! After all, ho is more fit for a madhouse than for a prison. i Good night, my child,'good night." , And.so.tlhogp?odold man went his way. It wis intended that Jason should start for I the sulphur mines tlo' following day, and lio was lodged overnight in a little house of dten-. I tion that stood on tie south of the High street. But the snow continued tt fall the whole night 1 through, and in the morning the roads were impassable. Then it was decided to postpone 1 tbo long journey until the storm should have passed, the frost sot in, and the desolate white 3 wastes to be crossed become harl and tiriu. It was now Wednesday of the second week in 1 October-thie Gore month-and the Icelanders were already settling down to the long rest of the Icelaundio winter. The merchants began to slooe the livelong day in their deserted stores in the clicaptcad, and the bonders, c who had come up witli the last of their stock, u to drink and doze in the taverns. All that day ( the snow fell in fine dust like flour, a until, whito as it was, thi air grew n .dark with it. At the late dawn of the t next dy the s:now was still falling, and I a violent galo had then risen. Another arid another, and yet another day went by, h and still the snow fell and the galo continued. For two days there was no daylight, and only i. at noon through the giddy mir a liery glow sa burned for an hour along the southern sky and then went out. Nothing could be soeen o fell b or llord, and nothing could be heard save the a baying of the Iounds at night, and the roaring a of the sea at all times, for the wind made no e] noise in the soft snow, but drove it along in n sheets like silent ghosts. n Never before had Greaba seen' anything so terrible; and still more fearful than the great si snow itself was the anxiety thatit brought her. i Where was Michael Sunlocks ? Where was her p father ? There was only one other whoseconi - n dition troubled her, and she know too well where he was--hl was lying in the dark cell of cl the dark house in the High street. l1 While tlh storm lasted all ltoykjavik lay asleep, and Greoba could do nothing. But one if morning, vwhen she awoke and turned to the tl window, as washer wont, to learn if theo weary snow was still falling, she could see nothing at v' first for the coating of ice and hoar-frost that ft covered the glass. But tlre snow had ceased, m the wind had fallen, the air was clear and the light was comring. The buildirngs t of the town, from the cathedral to tiae 1 hovels of the fishing quarter, looked like fn snow mounds in the desert; the black wasto of Bt lava was gone ; the black beach was gone; tlieo h black jirkulls wero gone ; tho black ieadland tlh was gone that had stretched like a giant hand th of many fingers into tie black fiord; but MI height above height, and length beyond length, 'I as far as from sea to sky and from sea to sea, the world lay lifeless and sllent and white around her. i Then the town being once more awako, Groobahad nows of Jason. It came through a little English maid, whom Sunlocks had kO found for her, from Oscar, -tha <young d man iho 'had gone out in -searoh of her father and returned without him. Jason was ill. Five days he had eaten nothing, and nothing had he drunk except water. oe was in a fever-a brain fever-and it was now known for certain that ieo was the man who had fainted outside the cathedral on the marriage ir morning,; that he had been ill ever since o then, and that the druggist of the High street ho had bled him. With those tidings Greeba hurried away to the bishop. "The poor man has brain fever," she said. "i " Io was ill when he made the threat, and when he recovers hie will regret it. I am sure ihe will-I know he will. Set him at ' liberty, for mercy's sake," srhe cried; rarnd site trembled as she spoke, lest in thie fr- b vour of her plea the bishop should read her ti secret. bri But he only shook his head and looked bo tenderly down at her, and said very gently, though every word went to her heart like a stab we " Al, it is like a good woman to plead for oni ". who has injured her. But no, smy child, no; it i' may not be. Poor lad, no one now can do any thing for him save the President himself ; and 'nc li is not likely to liberate a man who lies in wait to kill him." tl " He is likely," tlought Greoba, andstraiglht car way she conceived of a plan. Sie would go bat Jason in his prison. Yes, she herself would go Ie to him, and prevail with lim to put away all to thoughts of vengeance and be at peace witlhher it husband. Then she would wait for the roe-. l turn of Michael Sunlocks, and plead with tho tliat dear heart that could deny her nothing, his to grant her Jason's pardon. Tihu it would come about that sie who had stood be ween these two to separate them, would at length stand between them to bring them to- e gether. Ice So thlnling, and crying a little, like a true for woman, at the prospect of so much joy, sleo nil waited for Jasou's recovery that she might we carry her purpose into elfect. IMeantime, sihe als contrived to send him jellies and soups, such as ma right tempt the appotite of a sick man. jan She thought she sent them secretly, but wa with less than a woman's wit shie eur- co ployed a woman on lior errand. This we rerson was the little English maid, tund she coe handed over the duty to Oscar, who was her go sweetheart. Oscar talked openly of what he ihe was doing, and thus all Rlykjavik know that all the toeder-hearted young wife of the Governor lov held communication of some sort with the man 1 wchom shol had seu to jail. Then one day on hearing that Jason was ano better, thougl neither was he so well as to drn travel nor was thea snow hard enough to walk yor upon, Grecba stolo across to the prison in the pa; dark of the afternoon, saying nothing to anyone of her missionbr intention. " f The stuttering doorkeeper.of the Senate was 1 tihe jailor, and he betrayed great conceru whaen "a Greeha asked to see his prisoner, shlowing by his 1 ghiastly looks, for Ilis words would not come, that it would be rash on Iaer part, after helping, so much towards Jason's imprisonment, to trust 0 Bu herself in his presence. aft " But what have I to fear ?" she thought; i; a and with a braveo smile, she pushed her way the through. Sho found Jaeon in a squaro bo bruilt of fts heavy piles, laid horizontally both for walls and am roof, dark and damp and muggy, lighted by for day by a Ihole in the wood not larger thana tidi man's hand, and ir the night by a sputtering Ste candle hung from the rafters. He sat on a ' stool; Ihis foco was worn, his head was close «ri cropped to relieve the heiat of Iis brain, and on yo the table by his side lay all his red hair, as long as his mother's was wliCn it fell to the shears of tire Jew ontho wharf. eye Htgavo no sign when Greoba enterod, though lo ire knoiw she was there, but sat with his face the down and one hand on the table. ma "Jason," shel said, " I am ashamed. It is I Ba wio haveo brought you to this. Forgive - forl forgivo mo ! But miy hlusband's lifo was in to danSor, and what was I to do ?" So; Stll oe gavo no sign. w "Jason ' so said again, " you have heaped sue coalsof fire on my head:; for I hIrave doao par notlhing but injuro you, audtthoughli yo might havo done as much for meyou never have." ing At that the finaers of his lhand on the table mo grasped the edgoot it eonvulsively. " But, Jason," she said, " all is not lost yet. fro No, for I can save you still. Listen. You wh shall give me yourpromris to mako peacewithr in my husband; and wnlin myhlasbatid returns ho hla aill grant mo your pardon. Oh, yes, I ser know ho will, for lre is tldeCr.hearted, nad Stc he will forgive you; yes, he will forgive sto you--" ire " My cureao on hism and his torgivonoss,e" cried wo Joson, rising RsIIdenly antd bIrnringing his fit no donu on the table. " Who l he tlirat isc hould yo Ac forgive mo ? It has not bee' for his saklo that .I have been silent with the devil at my sido ll urging mo to s eaL-. And for all that ceo, have mo to suitor Ie sal y:'et pay doub. I it. Let it go on; lot itas send mo away ; of let Ihim bry mor at hli mine Dot I shall live el to fisd him yet. Somethling tolls me that I Sshaoll not die until I havue met with that ozan g. facto face." ' And Grcba went back home with these mad s words ringing in her cars. It is useless to o try," she thoughlt. "I lhav done all I can. to 1y husbandis before overyting. I shall say to iothiiiig to hlim zioy." A Nhone the Ioesshe cred very bitterly, and was 11 still crying when at bedtinme her little English t maid cameuo up to her and chattered of the niews of the day. It seemed that some Danish a storokeoepers oni the cheapstead had lately if been arrostedas apies, brought to trial and con demned. SWlhenu Greeba awoke next morning, after a restless night, while the town still lay asleep, ind only the croak of the ravens from the rocks above the tiord broke the eilencm of the lain dawn, she heard the hollow tread of many footstepso oni the frozen snown of the Thtingrlolir road, and poering out through the c window, which was coated with hoar frost, she saw a melancholy Sprocession. Three mcn, sparonly clad in thin t tunlcs, snow stocking, tit skin cais, walked heavily iii tile, chained together, hand to land 1 andleg to log, with four armeod warders, closely I nuflled to the ears, ridinli leisurely beside thenm. They were pritleoers bound for the tel. pliur mines under Itoekia. Tie first of them was Jason, and he swung along with his log stride and his shorn head thrown back and his pallid face held up. The other two were old Thompson and young Polvosen, the Danish sI torekeepors. It was ore than Geooba could bear to look upon tlat sighlt, foit brought baclkthe memory of that otlor night on thatathor nierinug, shlon Jraon' came leaping down to her, from the moitntaias, overgorseandcoshagasad hedgeand ditch. So shieturned her head away antd covered her eyes with her Ihandst . And tohen one-two -threoe-four-the heavy footsteps went over the niow. The next thing she knew was that her Etiglisli maid was iii liar bedroom, sayinig, "Site stratgers it the hitclhot are askiig for you. They are EInglishmon, antd hlave just 1 conie asloro, and they cell themselves your brothers." CIIAPTER XXI. Now whoo toeFairbrottir acmcludelodthatthey ( could inever give rest to their tenlder consciences until they hlad donei right by their poor sister Greeba they set themselves straightuv y to con sider the ways and mneats. Bullacrunme they imust sell in order that its procceeds might be takei to Greeba as her share mnd iinterest; but Ballacraine belongedl to Jacob, anmd another provision would forthwith ineed to be made for him. So after tmuch arceuinr aud some niag- .1 Ming across the hearthof the kitclhon at Laguigi itwas ildcilod tihat ecli of.Tacoli's live brothers t should mortgage his farm to oii-sRith its value, and that the gross summof their five-sixths should is be J.Tacob's for lis shalre. This arrangenment t wouldhave the disalidvantago of leaving Jacob t without land, but lie slowed a nmagnanimous spiritin that relation. " Don't troluble about i me," said lie, " it's sweet and nice to do a kind. b sess to your owia brothlers." a Amid four of his broetlern apilauded that sentitment, but Thuirstn curled up his red fi tiosu cil thoueght: " At, ces. of course, a b poverfil lug boiler of brotlherly love the little S nisor keeps going under hisivskit"." Atld lIaving so decided they further con- he eluded to sea the crops off the ground, and then It lose no time ii carrying out their deosign. " Lot's wait for the tiiolya." said Asluer, moan- A ing the harvest-home, "and then off for hIarky m thes Lordl." The tcron who v went by this i tnano was one Muark Skillicorn, an ad- i vocate of Ramsey. who conmbinedl the tl functions of pottifogger with those of yi mounylendor and auctioneer. Murky the w Lord was old and plausible andl face. tious. Ie was a distant roliativo of the Fair. " brotlhers by the side of their mother's French sl family; ad it was a strange clhain of circum. stances that no big farmer eover eot into trouble 5t but he became a client of Mary the Lord's, that no client of Marly the Lord's did niot in the end go altogether to the bad, and tiiutpoor gi tahnky the Lord never had a clioent who di aot die in hlis debt. Nevertheless Marky the Lord greowricher us his losses grew heavier, and more ye faetioias as his years inerouased. Oh, he was a futnny dog, tras Murky thie Lord; but there was just one dog on the isliand i shade or two as funnier still. and thlat was Jacob Fair brother. This thriftysoulhadn for maty a year kept a iest of private savin's, aod-oeoui.isi.he to days whmeta lo and his bretl'reti wotntdowa to mtake a lpoor tmosth before their father at Cas tlotown e lhad motey secretly lent out on the B conscientious interest of only 3' per cent. above the logal rate. And thus it clhanccd that when BaDllacraina T1 was advertised in big letters on oevery Iarn door in the north of ulant, Jacob Fairbrothler went down to Marky the Lord, and made a private so bargain to buy it itn agati. So wlheon the day of to: the sale casne, and Marky the Lord strode over in the fields with some thirty men-farmers, miners, advocates, and parsons-at his hleols, te atndl then drew up on the roadside lby the Iiberinianu, naud there tmounted the till-board of in1 it cart for the final reckoning. little Jacolb was too mueh moved to be preseit, tlhough his brothers wore there, atill loomrintg around ott Ioa the outside of the groupt, withtheir handsin their itn breeches pockets. sic Ballacraitna was knocked down cheaptosome hod' that nobody knuoew, and then caso the sal work of the mortgages 00 once agaiti Jacob ca: wenit off to 'Sarky the Lord, aid barguinl to bie umade muortgagor, though no one was tobe oa be wittlthewiser. And 10 Iper cent. lie was to got from each of his five brothers for the use of the soe money which i next day cane back to his own ea hands. do Thitus far all was straight dealing, but with tol thaproach of tihe titme to go to Icelandthe we copations grow thick. Jacob had so hus- thl bauded his moneyr that while seeming to spend anl he still possessed 'it, atnd inow lhe was troubled me to know where to lodge that portion of pu it whichl hie should not wanvt in Ice' land and might find it unsafe to take "' there. And while hse was in tihe throes of we his uncertaintly his brothlers-all save Johen tli -wore in the travail of their oivit big con ception. go NovAslher, Steat,IRoss,and Tlhurstant,having sal each mteu ud p his miind that lie wouldl go to Iceland also, hlad to consider how to gettltere, pa for their aInte bargaininig hadl left them all pen- the niloss. The piroceeds of the sale of Itallacraio were ledged with Jacob for Greeba, and Jacob bet also held as his own-t what had come to eacht Mi man from his mnortgage. So thlilnkilng tlhat At Jacob must ihave more than lie could ihe wanl, titey approached litL one by oto, Ice cofidentially taud slyly. And -ondrous the were this lies they told }lvi, for they dare not wil cnsfess that their sole seed of tnony was to yoi go to Icelild after him, asad noatch litin that ree to did not cheat tlhem whenl Greeba sent thelm amn all their fortunes in return for their brotherly laic lovn of her. lie: Thun Asher took Jacob aside and whispered, " I'm tmorlaul liard pressed for itnattor of itve for anil thirty puonud, luon-jiat fn-s iitti thlirty, for druaniuig aititfomtcitui. £ tuahe bold to Iirltk n-is you'll londlthe like of it, asid 0 per cent. I'l be tit F*tul.r ' do it, Asshor," said Jacob, r " for old MUarky tihe Lord lian stripped too." wa Then cams iteaum, plucking a bit of I lfmg imn and loolkimug caroless, aid lie said, " I've got au t ttu Il~iltig itnow. I catsbuy a yle of plougi. us, tug oxeit for tliirly peutid. GuI-~ iliirty- unitali dead lbargutin. Cati you letid ins his brass? tot But whrist's the word, for loss is sntokitig er after themn." Iwi: Ve ry toren, Stean," said Jacob, " but Ross w: Ihasheita I-oro lifore you, and I've just Ietthim to the mooney.' Itoshnimelf came nextncudsaid, "Iborrowed Th five-and-twenty poittid from Steasi a bit baeck, Tit atid hOl's iot ,tbov thiroateonitig to sell mu ttii for a dirty little dobt like tluirt. Maybe ye'd tide noiover the trouble mid say nothlittg to h~ck yL~ our misid casy, loss,"' sauld ucob.A ii Stean toldme himself, atid I'rs pad hint all youuowe him." - So those two went their wtas and thereafter hliia syod each olier threatstninarly but tneithisr ilars xlods, for both had their rot fear. And niu last of all camo Thurstan, tuado well drunik for of 1 thie better support of his courage, and he tiu( manudld antd cried. i What d'ye thitik ? Poor Ap Ballabeg is deud-htim that used to -playthu son fiddle at chirch-ntid thie old parson wants sne iwa to talus hullahurlg's placo uip it thi gallery loft. Sayo I'd ho ivoUderfihl gout at thie viol-bass. I fol wouldua't mind doitig it su'rither, onlyit costs tieS sucha poiver otnofoey, aviol-bushisdoes-tivettty thul puuniho tnaybe." lie, 'iWell, ilbtt of that ?" said Jacob, intorru ut. kit itig hintHit tise tuarsti savels'llh lentyou tle t tuottoy. flu tulil me tobhiisoalf." hot: Witb such shurewvd autswer did Jaieob escape 7 fruta thle dattoor of tetiditigi to tile brothiere, Itt nvhulttahiscettulnot trust. Butthue lustio thins in goingdown to Marky the Lord andti o ritig he his motnsy to be lent out oit interest witll ool abi seourity. Ktnowving nothiig of this. shier, ua Steati Roso, and Thuratat each itt his b turn I p, stole iown to atarky thie Lord to borrow tolisuim lie tieded. Atit hhtarky the Lord kept his osint fat wvorthycouthsel, atad ahtewod tie uttwivlo sager. niy ness. irstohe said to Jacob, i ' can lend out your immonoy on gcodasccurity."' cer that "Wlio to ?" said Jacob. sido " That I'voe given myr wordnot to tell. What P.on in~teret do you want ?"' oe n dlot s than telve per cent," said the y ; temnpcrato Jncob. " I'll got it," said Marky tho Lord, atndJacob it I wool away with a slysisilt'. canL Then sail Murky the Lord to each of the borrowers in turn. " I can fund you the sad money." o to " Whoso is it k" asked Asher, who came the nn. first. say "lThat I'vo sworn niot to tell," said Murky the Lord. was "What interest?" dish " Only four ver cest to my friend." ewe " Voell, and that's reasonable, and ho's a right tish honest, well-moening man, whoever ho is," said ely Asier. os. "TImt ie is, friend," said Marky theo Lord, " but as he hadl not got the moneo y himself ho ra hail to borrow it of an aciquaintance, and pay top, tn per cent. for the conveIience." k "Soho waists fourteen per calent !"criedAsher. ato "Shoo! Lord aelmsstlth;br,?ifi grspisnmiser. of It's outragooos. I'll not pay it-tie Nightmnu of Itly away with sue if I do." out " You need be under no uneasiess about od that," said Marky tie Lord, "for I've three sly otlher horrowers ready to take the money the Nwmomit i't. Ied m ati ittou out"saiLd A.shier, and away he aii west, fusing. ly Toen Stemu , Rose, I5C Thurstan followed idos e by one, and enaet thatlvei as Asher had ul-. done before him. Whten the transaction was em complete, and the time hid come tont sotail for tIg Icoland, many and wonderful were the shifts of his the four who had formeod the secret design to old conceal their busy prepalrations. IBut when all ish was complete, aritd berths taken, all six in the same vessol, Jacob and Gentloemen John rode ,ok round the farms of Lague to bid a touching icy farewell totbeirhretbxen. au "Good-bye, Thirstan," said. Jacob, sitting o on the cross-board of the cart. "" We've had ad arguments in our time, and fallen on some od rough harm in the courso of theom, but we'll vo meet for peace and quietness in heaven some ,or day."~ We'll meet before that," thought Thurstan. or And wvtes Jacob and John were gone oni *g, towards fRamsey, Tiurshtan mounted the till or board of his own cart, and followed. Meatu. tot time oAsher, Steam, and lRoss weoro on their iir jourioy, and because tiey did iot cross oi the roas they casete face to fairo for the first tinie, isll sie together, eaiech logitir his hit of cloties behiisi hiss, on the dock. ol"the stlts that was to tanke them to Iceland. Thenu Jacob's pale face oy grew livid. es "What does this mean r"h le cried. or "It imeoans tuhat we cuan't trust you," said it. Tlhurston. iy " None of you ?" said Jacob. be "None of us, seemingly," said Thurstan, it gancinig roiund into the canfused faces about or Ilia. or "What! Not your own brother?" said \- Jacob. s " 'Nanris my shirt, but isearer is my skini,' its rs the sysing is," said Thurstan. witlh a seer. 5, O "o5e lnce, poor for ever,' as thesu SyiIg Id is," siockeid Jacob. "Last wook you aldlni't It twonty ound to buy your viol-bass to pluy in >b the allery loft." s Steati laiughed at that, ned Jacob turned hotly it upon him. " And ;et+s than't thirty pound toI I. buy your yoke of oxen that Rloss was sneaking I afte. .t Then Ross mndu s loudl guiTawsa, and Jacobh i faced about to himt. " Anti maybe y ou've paid a back your dirty five-andul-trwenty ounid that t S Sloan threatened to soil you ll for " Then Stonu glowered hard at Ions. anid Ross looked black at Stenra, iand Asher almust burst t Slis stides vithi laughter. "hAidlyou, too, sy dear oldest brother," said I tIJacob, bitterly, 'tyou hlave the indvantagoe of Ia Sme in years but ot i wistldom. You thought, s like the rest of thcon, to get the umoney out of I me, to hell you to follow ie oand wavtch mue. So i that was it, was it ? But I was too ismuch for f you, oyiodear birother, and you hald to go else- it vswhore tar your strisling inith ditchinig." It "So Ir ha, band rans to you," atid Asher; anid 1.1 per cent. I Itad to pay for the salutbby loan I got." f At thaSit Steas and Ross and Tlhurstn pricked ti uup their ears. 11 And dlid !/ats pny 1t1 iper colt ?" said Sleals. k " I dist, bail ensl to Mtirky thu Lorit, and tile I r graspingigold miser behinid Ihni, whoever ihe is." i I iAnd now it was Jacob's tiun to look amunaed. It 1 " Wait," he said; "I don't like tie look of is e you." S "Then lshut your eyes." said Tihurstan. C S"Did Marky the Iord lend you the money ?" k a asked Jacob of Alshur.n "Ay, hlie did," said Asher. rAnsd you, too ?" said Jacob, turning stiffly a Sto Stean. S "Ay," mid Stans. p "And you ?" said Jacob, facing towards SRoe. s. "I dent say sIo," said Loss. C " Antyou, as oll ?" oail Jaucob, confronting o Tlurstan. It "Why niot ?" saidl Thtrtursn. "Tlhe blockhead!t" cried Jacob. "The P scoundrol! It was my money- smine-uosie, I 0 I tell you, Iand hle might is well lhave pitched it hi into th sea." to Tlhen the four mno began to double their le flsts. to "Wait!" said Asher. "Are yout the grasp-j ing young smiesir that taked 1 ier cent. " it "lIe is, cletar ensougl," astid lthetius. at SWell," ouid IdItsettss, " I really think- V look you, boys, I really do tlhink. lut I speak sic sndtercorrection-l really thitnk, ill things coll. c sidered, this JIacob is a darmned raicil." "I mnay have the advantage of hint in years," st saitd Asheur, sdoubling up hoi sleoves, " but if I " Cas't--" "Go to thie doevil," said Jacob, and hie went Iiu below, boiling hot with rage. iI It was idlu to kocp uis te ie lirrel, for very itl soon aill six wcre out oni the high sens. hound to cachti others' compansy at bed nsid boaird, and ' doomed to ipass the better part of a fortnlighlt siI togetlheor. So before they casno to Iceland they awere good friends aifter their fashtion, though it that was perhaps the foashioln of cat and mouse, iII andt being liunded aIt Rolykjavik tlhey werse once de more in their old rolations, with Jacob its pursobearer and Spokesman. Il " istd nos listes," stud that thrifty person. iWhlat'is it alyinig? ' A birtd in tis hand is it" worth two in tise bush.' We've got our bird in ki the hland,lhaven't we ?" lite "So o tichavn," saild Aser;: "six Ihundred it gooldens pounds ihat Balltruine fetched at the Io sale." till "Just so," said Jtcb: "acnd beforo we I part it i let otus nomake sure about this two ih PC the bush." sot With that ilntention they started inquiries, as al best they couldt, touchingi the position of Michael Sunlockt, his salatry ndil influence. die SAnid ini spite of thi dltlicultioe of language- they heard snd sasw enough to satisfy lthem. Old lid Iceland was awnketiung from a biad dream of iut three hiad centuries and setting to work with a will to becomte i power amomng the States ; thie si; young President, Michael Sunlocks, was tihe ye restorer sntd protector of her liberties; faiit tie andhsonotraworo before him, antd before all who laid aland to his plough. Thiis wats whalt tlhey n hearst iii maflny jargonts oin oveve site. cii h It' l right,," sroiipereodscob, " and now dr for the girl." ic The3- hind Isiudeil late in thie dtsyof Greeta's is visit tO Led Jissoms at the little louaste of dLest. s50 tion, asd hiad hetird of tier sistirriti go, of its nIi festivities, and of the attlteott oas thie life of the o0 Prrsident. fut though they ksew tint Jssscu oc was no lotiger is Mlsnn they aere too snucis immersed ii thteir osns ast sceomes to putItmto iin. tisid tOio togettrim, umitil mext muonii- the- cisimno Iii umsostllsoadtprocessionsboumid for thoSilllphur Oth Mines, audmaw tOhitt Jisson Wscs sit of the iri- lii sonuers. Tles avers thless oni their aviy to at Glaoverunment-tiouso , and Jocob sitid ssi Is a ho wink, "Boys, that's worth emoembeiming ats Whiem did it oil ansy harm to hstuvo tio strinIgs 't to sour hxut- ' ii 'i'hieothsrs liuptied at that, timid John sunudlgol 50 Thsurstanss aid cad, " Isn't tie a iboy !" Anti h Tiursutan fruutet isd Orodged ois. iu so eoesicoses.) iii 