Eaglehawk's Victory V E. G. 1'YSON. The love of horses and . horse racing is a national cliara teristic of Australians. In no country; not ev n England, is the fondness for eqiirne comjiet tions So general. Old timers, riio can look 1) ick to the fifties, may renieni- ] ber that the enthusiasm evoked in every littl country townsl: ip on a local race day amounted al]i)M<t to deliiium'even then, when the best prads brought I orivard were cottier's hacks or 1 thé cobs of but< hers and bakers. The settlement which could not support meeting th 1 se days was g-?nerallj" regarded as . a poverty-s rickeu, h:iif-dead hamlet, not lit ; to be the ; biding place of a Mongolian lojier, and no man could be found to say a : r ')i>d word for i'. Those who caii.call to mind the bush races if ! ,->S, and the 1 erce excitement they pave rise to in a locality for weeks previous to the great •jay, the stiff s urns that were planted on fabestowed on the horses, and vîntes, the car< <in! liquor dran to their good health, cannot i 'i- ,-.urprised wli n thev turn to the Cup race of to-day and regard the tt^einin; ru-Ji to witiv perided over cheers which er irions influence linn—these are infatuation evii; cariv days. Hoi.-es alw£ ced into thé arena at the sound of the bell frequently enov, ; fine, upstanding animals, with glossy sidr and lots of blood, though their pedigrees nav have been mislaid in the confusion of a n sw country. The Settlers' Club race meeting at Jjetliatrick's day iu the year '5S, bridge, on St. 3 was. an event wl ich excited great interest over all the surroun ing district for weeks beforethe Ballarat line had giv. n hand. Tne advent < 1'U-iness an asv îishing impetus in Lethbridge, 111 iliey was pie! iful, good horses were uumerience of two or three hundred ous. and the pi rollicking, devil may-care navvies, all tended to heighten in ni' - ting. The great ev< thousands who it, the riches and anxiety exlie ftorroirfuJ groans and joyful •et the winner, and the enorthe sport exerts over til out the natural growth of the ced on I'very bush course in th' ys ran to win those times ; (here was no bu j'ing over, 110 pulling favorites, >wner raqed square, and his money was ... horse he rntered. Some splendid cattle .erest "in the Settlers' Club High crest, short ears, straight legs and pas: ing strong Thin mane, tihick tall, broad buttock, tender hide. " nt of tli8 day was the Steeplefour male race over rough jumps and ciiase, a 1 heavy ground, Twelve horses were entered, '•ut besides H lehawk and Vixen uo prad was ihiiusdit to liav a ghost of a show. Heretofore had beaten everything pitted against r. 1 »iit Eagleljawk was a new-comer, a beautiful chestnut— *\liound-honf V ,-hort-jointed, fetlocks shag and long ; Ijirond breast full eyes, small head and nos- tril wide ; .And his performances were whispered about to be something \ onderful. He was owned by Mr. James Wa -e, a young fellow "who kept a st< ire on the lin for "a Melbourne firm. Mr. ^sfife had not been long in the district, but during his slior make more fri there for year; residence he had contrived to ads than many who had lived He was a fine, handsome, ;unny-tempered yoimg fellow of about twentytwo, tall and sSm, bine eyes, fair-haired, and possessed of jo' ial humor that was contagions all but Mi: s Alice Stanford, the proud owner of the in incible Vixen. There was some misunderstanding between these two. Th y imagined they disliked each other cordially neither knew the why nor wherefore. At 1 he first meeting he had glanced at he:, and tin ugbt what a -very pretty, suounvr lady she was; she had paHor sort of ped at liim jruni under lier broad-brimmed hat. and thou^lil what a handsome, géntleyoiuig follow he was; and manly sort oi tllev had strain itway assumed an air of icy reeach other, which was quite m n e towards foreign. to both their natures and altogether unaccountable. Miss Stanfi id told her friends that she thought Mr. \V ire was a bit of a fop, and Mr. Ware told hi: friends that he thought Miss Stanford was absurdly uppish and too tanned oil led pre tty ; and when Miss Stanford id occasion to to the store she gave her orbri> !y anfl stared fixedly and coldly at the illustration up m a tobacco box, whilst all Mr. Ware's cl eery spirit seemed to go out from him, ami le served her in frigid silence. Yet, in reality, these two had a lively interest in each other— t wits truly remarkable. . Miss Alice Stanford was the daughter of a big-hearted pastoral gentleman who owned a farm on the bai ks of the Moorabocl. He loved his daughter be tter than all the world besides, and by his indu gence had done enough to spoil fifty ordiuary girls ; but Alice wàsnot an ordi nary girl ; she had grown up self-willed, but very charmin rjind lovable withal.. Vixen was Miss Alice's pride and joy. The mare had been] reared especially for her ; the. conquests of the beautiful Llack animal were sources of thii greatest gratification to- her young mistress]; and when the pampered and petted Alice hdard that Mr. Ware had entered Kaglehawk for the Steeple she easily ; convinced herself ijhat his sole desire was to spite her by winnina the stake and the trophy, and she bec une moj-e determined than ever upon Vixen gaining the day. If the truth must be known, the ungallant idea of bringin % Alice Stanford down a peg or two had some weight with Jim ; he thought it woo d lie great satisfaction for something, he didii't know i xactly what. As a matter of fact, although :ie would not admit it even to himself, Alices bsarlng towards him piqued liini considerably ; he would rather "have been good chums wi lh the hazle-eyed, brown haired girl' than with all the other girls within a day's journey. Of course eV 'rybodv had noticed the coolness between Jim 1 fare and Alice Stanford. It is a very trifling natter that escapes tie eyes .and tongues of the gossips in a small township, and the j(steeplecha se wae soon regarded rather as a trial for masté ry between Alice and Jim. It was not so mu il a matter of " Will Eaglehawk win?" or "Will Vixen win?" as "Will Jim' Ware or Alice Stanford scoop the honors ?" J-Jaglehawk md Viren were discussed from the ?tips of-the r tails to the tip^ of their ears ; each liorse; bac a stiong party of backers who deaeanted long and earnestly on the good points of the two f ivorites. Whiskey galore was drunk to the 6 îccess of both animals, and'as the day grew nearer the excitement ran to fever height, and the conversation was confines \- exclus! ely to . Miss Standford, Mr. Ware, Vixen, Eiglehawk, and young Cody, the/boy whb iras to ride Vixen. Jim Ware had,decided ti mount Eaglehawk himself. On thé day >efore the races Alice and Jim had. passed in the street, she with a haughty tosB of her hea I, he with a s nonchalant swing of 'tis whip.-' ' episode -was freely discussed at the public house, and more money was staked and mc re toasts 1 were drank. Vixen was i i splendid form and Alice was confident. Tl e excitement kept her. cheeks in a perpetual glnw. "She informed her father, at least a dozen times a day, that "that impudent coxcoir b,"meaning Jimv " would look . remarkably* si îall after the race," and Mr. Stanford Woul(. smile iii ah ^gravating • way, and askïér did she rèâlly diflifie' young Ware uo Very much. • ' • •-'•••• "Of courael 'do. Pa!" would be her reply; " Doesn't he w int to win oiily- to spite'ihé ? ' Ï' just hate him ! ' - , ••. . " Oaminon ! ' her father wouldreply, quiizically ; which usually put Alice in a ibad hmnoi^ and mi de her Bum.up very scarlet. •' Tlie mornin - jof St. ^fetiçk's day, 1858j. broke beàu£ifu was Istarted e .eryBody who "laved wiiKin n radius of fiftee i miles, and' couldr fidfej^wilk, or lhnPj'-coQëi tèd trn thê SettlerB 1 Tjkiùraè,' p. large bleared fe]>aee withm 1 s p^tâi of spaSely 1 timberedcoànléyj. '• ' ' , -"M". The starter i r as there in a red hontèr'ëicdat, mouoted.'<m a j ;rey pony, !£fce a'annle, and pùtingoitaïotof tyle.• .The judge, astont, ^om-" pous gentlema a, the proprietor of the local» public-house, -v as also there j as -was the clerk of the course ai id the members of the committee, all impart: nt gentJemen. wearing rosettes, and | fussing a' )aut-3â î: aB. L 4HHilœ8 way. Mr. Jamiœi ,W^re,w 14 thereu ilanghiq^ j^nd witK one arid tent to have.t liquor 'with; «very Jjur4 wh6|caSne'aIbn ; But'ffi.'Sfamfotd and Alibé i iderhad been thrown'early m themorning, and hurt his leg so that it would' be impassible for j him to mount/; Here was anow-d'ye-do? Everybody 1 new Vixen's temper ; she would permit uo on iter back but Alice and the hurt stable joy, I young Codj T . Vixen's backers groined in spirit, and iach »nd all felt their day's sport was spoilt the steeplechase would be a gift . for E igiehawk, an the whole meeting would prov |e as stale as beer drawn yesterday. 1 Thferë was nothing for it but to take another whiikey and bear up. " •' " By-aud-bye, however, a rumor went roi ad : Vixen was to run—yet, who could ride he r to win but Cody 'i—it was a forlorn hope a,t the best. The three preceding races_ were ran without exciting much interest, and then the horses for the steeple trotted down to the scratch, and the crowd pressed to that pc int ; and as Jim came cantering along the s« ard, mounted on his magnificent chestnut, the peop:e cheered madly, and the air was dërk ined with hats. •Jim wore his colors, blue and white vitb blue gap, and looked handsome i-nougli to touch the heart of the coldest damsel. È: ,glehawk was in tlie pink of condition, and his .supporters were vociferous in their praise. t "Vixen! Vixen!!" Yes, here she comes, led by Mr. Stanf ird, and looking fit for anything. She receive s an ovati<>n equal to that accorded to Eaglehc wk. Hut who shall ride her? where "s the jockey? The query is still on the lips of the pe< pie, when a slight figure in a short, tight-fit Ang riding-habit; weariug a bright pink cap ard a pink sash. Vixen's colors, breaks through the crowd, and takes her stand at the side of the blick mare. " Miss Alice !" The cheers are deafening; the people go wild with excitement, and sway about like a field of corn before a breeze. It is noticed that Vixen is carrying a very small side-saddle. Alice i- going ro ride her. A red spnt burns in either cheek of the girl ; her lips are firmly set, and t-he looks beautiful, indeed, patting the flossy, arched neck of her pet. Mr. Stanford looks perturbed, and before assisting Alice to the saddle he makes a final ineffectual appeal to her. to abandon her madcap undertaking. But Alice is firm ; she Iwill never give it up of her own free will. When she first proposed to ride Vixen for the steeple, Mr. Stanford laughed at it as a joke, but by arguing, coaxing, tears and caresses, she Jhad at length p-iiued his consent. He knew] his daughter to ba fearless equestrienne, and! h ad grow n accustomed I", seeing her take Vixen over thr..-e-railed fences at a gallop. He tbou-rlit her safe if sIk kept out of the rick, aud knew he could trust Vixen for that mipch. " jje very careful, darling !" ' Never fesr, father: Vixen and I kjuow eacli other. Alice sits her horse with perfect grace : the roins are gathered in her right haud, w lilst rasp' a keen whip in her left. She 1 >oks straight before her, awaiting the word, and once luore llie crowd clieers lustily. " Vixen will win !" She bows to them, smiles, and answers " Vixeii will win !" All in a line the horses stand, champing their bits impatiently. Vixen has the in side running, Eaglehawk is further a-field, and Jim is scanning Alice's face nervously ; he is tl ink- in» more of her danger now than of the rai All ready ?" "Go !" " They are off ! they are off ! !" With a brave sweep the horses fly past be; tween two lines of eager faces. The ; irst, second, and third jumps are cleared ; an outiiare sider falls at the fourth. Once round. Alice rides magnifio'iitly, holding her 1 with wrists of steel, and sitting as if she 1 Vrere merely taking a canter across the padd ick. Jim rides beside her, watching lier e' i motion. Eaglehawk 'and Vixen keep nëck i and neck. • • j Twice round, and only five horses are left on Î the course. j Three times Kaglehawk is pulling al he can, and looks fresh as a rose. Vixen keej s by his side, not a bit troubled, but her rid ;r is deathly pale, and, with lip apart and fixed< yes, she sits staring before her ; her wrists ] lave weakened, and a strange dread is in' her h( art. Vixen takes the bit in her mouth, and is manageable. The people see this as the pair rush past and are as quiet as mice ; tliey have ceased scriam ing: "Vixen wins ! See ! Alice is rolling iu her saddle, the 1 iare has broken from the course, and is thundc ring across country through the sparse tin ! ber, • heading direct for No. 5 cutting, the de< P 66 * on the line. Jim caught a look of agonized appeal ir the girl's eyes as Vi.vii swerved, and in a sepond Eaglehawk is at Vixen's heels. Now starts the race ; the stake; are a life. There is nothing that can prevent the fright îned mare from dashing with her T rider 1 ov%r the cutting if Eaglehawk is not the better hon a. On, on the two gallop,' beating tile h< llow earth with their fierce hoofs, and tbrowin ; up tâie soft, green turf at every stride, " Now who will win, Vixen or Eajjjleha^ 'k ';" The people stream after the flying htrses, but not a cry is heard, till at length one £ hont comes from every throat : " Eaglehawk will do it !" Slowly but surely Eaglehawk works u] 1 beside the mare. • Jim has reached Vixen's rein. Dragged from his own liorse; he clings mar fully to the mare, and, th iugh~ braised and b aten by her iron hoofs, he succeeds in stoppinf .her sufficiently to allow of Alice slipping ti the ground. Then Jim is beaten down, an< I five seconds later Yucen rushes headlong inl > the cutting. Alice ran to the young man's side, and lifted his ' bleeding head. Hé 'opened his laughed and Said": ••••<\- . - ' ; " TKank'-Ged'! Eaglthawk won !" Jiin F was-taken tb'Mr. Stàhfbnî's home on a ' stretchier, and nobody cared a hang about anymore racing that day. The doctor re jmr ed a broken -arm, and several- seal]) wounds but nothing serious-enough to militate agains, the ' pleasure of.being nursed by Alice.' Vixen broke her neck in J^ie falL It will not surprise tjie^entle reader to that they had ' lived each'other from the very first" moment thèy met—which is ai : most peculiar thing. | - ••>'•• u ' Eaglehawk was Mrs. Ware's favorite as long as he lived, and when he died his was not tinhonored. • • Bjbby came into the house sobbing tola hla toother "that "Tomifiv ^hît'e 'and h&r; ha! Irtgejd^otfciSfc Tou didn't ku; backrâïà^pà^ - W - ^ i i ^ i between ISlteU^l kickeahimfirat.""' ^'flaHij 1 ""m Tilft^a^to «vëtcoiné: take off Ihe fiist WOA it tiMn'r "a tji»." Tt you taWsoft àa^-^ --- ' a 1,1 bit '" le'ft. 'if '^ftu^Vtâj the Whole'bf "it move another it is now " t " iiotaliy-UBbfi up. Ail of which goes-to show-thatif-yon wi' oj rid of a bid habit you most throw ~ altogether. .'•p.jH .fvs.'î'.'.'îTStii.? • »embers ^^ brass bandit QtrtloMd, tJaiteajStaiies, were. piaotioLngTin '" m the fourth story of s warehouse broka out iii the building and'tjj„ jua^ jbom thje windows. • Those" w|io . member of a band, habitually practit^ 8-idn j^Mna, wilt a\wajw bi&ene;^âl " burning ihaj vawfeôl^..,^tfie/wp in incendiary. There-Mjja$ijb^ mac£ mournful, or whijeh causés great tion onjihg; - - • 