CHAPTER XIX. THE BROTHERS FACE TO FACE. A messenger was sent to Kirke, inform ing him of the state of affairs, and at the moment Vernor was brought in the chapel he dashed up to the door, followed by the remainder of the troop. Their loud and disorderly entrance filled the whole building -with clamor, and their commander, with angry and inflamed visage, stalked through the room of Sir Hugh and traversed the corridor with furious haste. He gained the chapel, and a gleam of ferocious joy lighted up his features as he saw the prisoner standing before him bound and help less. “.Well, young cock o’ the walk, your wings are clipped at last,” ho said, with a hoarse laugh. “ You’ve led me a pretty dance, you and that deceiving old father of yours. Where is he 1 I'll make him feel that it is not safe to trifle with one of his majesty’s officers as he has done with me to-day.” Vernor disdainfully regarded him. “ My father, thank Heaven ! is beyond the reach of your malico. You nor anyone eke will annoy him more.” “ Why, what doe3 the galliard mean? Where is Sir Hugh, I say ? Bring him before me, that I may signify my pleasure to him in this conjuncture of affairs? I’ll take the old sinner where he'll find cause to repent of his evil deeds.” “ You’re spared that trouble, sir,” said Jones. “ The old gentleman's gone a longer journey than you can take him. When 1 jumped in on the hidin' place o' the young ’un, he jest fell back and gave up the ghost.” “ Dead !’’ said Kirke. “Do you mean that his tough old heart actually broke when he learned that his young scape grace was in the toils? Bless my soul! I had no idea he had so much sensibility.” “lie’s dead, sure, sir. Mebbe you’ll come up and see where the youngster was stowed away, an' you see for yourself that Sir Hugh ’ll never breathe again in this Giving orders for the prisoner to be re moved to tho hall and securely guarded, Kirke strode after Ilia satellite and mounted to the ganet. He carefully sur veyed his route, and said : “Cleverly contrived, faith; and the panel is so well concealed behind the pillar that no one would have suspected its ex istence. I was certain that the young man had iakon refuge here, and I intended to stay in the neighborhood until he was nabbed." When they gained the opening iuto tho dressiug-room, he forced his burly form through it, and stepping out, stood before the two affrighted ladie3, who were kneel ing before the couch on which the body of Sir Hugh lay. Mrs. Methurn extri cated herself from Ethel’s clinging arms, and arose with dignity, while the poor girl turned her pallid face to ward him and pointed appealingly to the lifeless form of the baronet, Mrs. Methurn “I trust that Colonel Kirke will treat tiiese remains with the respect that is due to them.” Tho rude soldier lifted his hat in the presence of death, and replied : “ He’s done his last wrong ma’am, and gone whero Jeffreys can't reach him, which I can't say I’m sorry for. Sir Hugh was a liberal man, and I'll sec him put decently in the family vault before we go. But I am sorry to say that you and thisyounj; lady must go with me to Taun ! ton as soon as the job’s completed.” j “ Can we not be permitted to re main here till our presence is necessary “ I had agreed to that, but now it is impossible. You have helped to conceal that young fellow, thus making matters worse for yourselves than they would have, been. Luckily, we caught him, and now he’s safe with my lambs. ’’ “How long may we remain beneath this roof, sir?” “ Till my men have had a good dinner provided for them, ma’am, and we have had time to knock up a box to put the old gentleman in. He was fond of his glass, and I hope there will be good wine to be drunk at his funeral banquet. I rely on your respect for the deceased to order a repast suited to liis quality, for my lambs are used to the best the country affords.” “ They shall have the best we have,” replied the lady; “ but you must bo aware of the difficulty of obtaining sufficient food fur a whole troop of horsemen at so short a notice. Our family is not large, and it will take time to send to the vil lage.” “Zounds! madam kill the fatted calf ; kill his mother, if necessary; for I shall not budge from the Priory till I have partaken of its hospitality. The Metliurns were not wont to be niggards ; and if their fortunes have fallen, there is still enough left to feed his majesty’s soldiers." Mrs. Methurn did not reply to this rude speech ; she merely bent her head and left the room. Messengers were dispatched to the vil lage, and to farmer Conway’s to request that provisions might be sent up to the Priory ; but the day was rapidly waning away before the .’banquet was ready for the impatient and often clamorous soldiers; for Kirke allowed his men the wildest liberty when’not engaged in actual service. A rough collin was procured for Sir Hugh, and with littlo ceremony he was placed in it and conveyed to the famiiy vault, which was situated iii the rear of the chapel. Vernor and the two ladies were permitted te be present, and, with fear and trembling, the curate of the parish came to read the burial service over the body. When he asked leave to do so, Eirke replied: “ It isn't much good they’ll do such an old reprobate now, Mr. Parson ; but as it is customary, I won’t refuse. I’m called a brute, and sometimes I act like one, but the devil, you know, i~n’t so black as lie’s painted. The women would feel horrified if the old fellow was put away like a dog, and somehow that little girl intoiests me. The poor thing has boen made a victim by Sir Hugh and that scamp ol a son; they have ruined her, I know, and this affair will swallow up the last fragment of her fortune. Somehow I pity her, though I don’t often care for those tile fortune of war throws in-my hands.” ^ •‘Miss Ethel is a sweet young lady,” replied the curate. “ I taught her Latin and the mysteries of calculation, and she was alwayB'a docile pupil. I do hope you will try and befriend her in the evil straits into which she has fallen." “As to that, my power over her fate ceases when I deliver her over to the authorities at Taunton. Jeffreys will then be the arbiter of her destiny.’’ The dominie shuddered. . Oh, sir, he is a merciless man, and this is such a young gill! 1—I’m told, sir, that those he cannot hang he will condemn to be sold as Blaves in the West Indies. Think of it, sir! such a delicate young lady as this to be sent away as a slave to that wild and unhealthy country. ” Eirke laughed bitterly and said : “ It’s good enough for the most of those who will be sent there.” The poor dominie regarded him with silent horror. The family at the Priory had been his patrons, and from him the young people had received the greater portion of their education. For Vernor he had less affection than Gerald, but he could not think of the fate that threatened him without the bitterest re gret. While performing the last services for the deceased baronet, liiB voice faltered and his eyes filled with tears many times ; and in a parting interview with Mrs. Methurn he promised to look in- fre quently at tho Priory, and see how things went on during her enforced absence. She made an effort to look hopeful, as she “I trust that we shall be permitted to return before long. If we do not, I hope, Mr. Panton, that you will remember the poor people I have been in the habit of looking after." He promised to do so, and asked : “ Will not Mr. Gerald come to your as sistance, ma’am ? He’s a lawyer, and he will know the rights of the case. Itseem3 hard that you and Miss Ethel should be taken away from your home for such a trifla.” “ I have written to G‘ raid, and I shall send my letter from Taunton.” “ Will they really put you in prison, ma’am? It’s a dreadful place, for I’ve been there to visit a friend. That was several years ago; butthe place is no better now—nay, it is worse, for a malignant fever is raging among the people confined Mrs. Methurn shivered as she ex claimed i “My poor Ethel! it will be terrible to take her into the midst of infection. I must make every effort to escape that danger. Eirke is rough and brutal, but lie has tho reputation of being also v. ry venal. I have a hundred pounds by me, which I have saved since Gerald went into Mr. Clyde’s office. Perhaps that will purchase permission for us to remain under Mr. Digby’s roof. It would be too cruel to throw us in the midst of infec “ Eirke seems to feel for Miss Ethel, ma’am, and I think the half of the money will bribe him to let you both remain with your friends. But no sum will keep Mr, Vernor out of prison. They are too much afraid fhat he will escape. He has shown such spirit and determination that they will not consent to lose sight of him for an hour.” Mrs. Methurn sighed heavily. “I am aware of that, and I have no hope of keeping him with us. To save Ethel from contact with such misery and degradation, is tho utmost I expect to ac complish. You advise me then to make the trial with Eirke ?” “ I think yon may venture to do so, ma’am. He can only refuse, and you will be no worse off than you are Thus counselled, Mrs. Methurn sought an opportunity of speaking with Kirke, who at first utterly refused to listen to such a proposal. Ho declared that the two ladies must go to prison, as many others of as high station had done before; that he had no power to change their des tination, but when he found that the widow had money of her own with which to purchase indemnity, he softened his tone, and after many manoeuvres to find out how much she was able to give, he finally consented to accept sixty pounds, and allow Ethel and her protectress to take refuge iu the house of Mr. Digby till the day of their trial arrived. When Mrs. Methurn ventured to men tion Vernor, his face darkened, and he abruptly said: “You can do nothing for the young man, madam. My advice to you is, to let him bear the burden of the calamity he has brought upon you all.” Mrs. Methurn turned away with a sad heart; she would have gladly averted from Vernor the penalty of his late acts, had she possessed the’ power to do so ; but she was helpless to aid him in any way. Vernor was strictly guarded in one of the lower rooms, and no opportunity of speaking with him had been allowed the two ladies, save when they stood be side the bier when the funeral services were being performed. He had then briefly said: “ Take care of yourself and Ethel, Aunt Agnes. It’s all up with me, and I must bear my fate like a man. I have brought' evil enough upon yon without hanging as a mill stone upon you now. Leave me to my own deserts.” The house for many hours after was a scene of riot and confusion, from which Mrs. Methurn was glad to take refuge in the seclusion of her own apartments. The late dinuer was served, for Conway sent up a waggon load of provisions, and the people of the village, anxious to prove their royalty, furnished every it the troopers would I thing they though The wine cellar was searched, end a sufficient store of both n ine and ale were found to intoxicate the whole party. Few would have believod that the shadow of death rested upon that house, which rang with bacchanalian songs and roysier ing laughter. The foast was turned into a wild revel, and it was late in the night before the troopers staggered from the \- Under there circumstances Kirke post poned their departure till the following morning, for among his troops but one sober man was to be found. This was Simpson, to whom the custody of Yernor was delegated, with the assurance that if he permitted him to escape his own life should be the forfeit. Minclien and her son were still in the house ; and Melchoir watched for an op portunity tocome into the presence of his brother, that he might gratify his deep hatred by seeing him bound and helpless ibefore him! The drunken troopers had sunk down upon the floor in a heavy sleep, and the house was at last quiet, when the young gipsy came stealthily toward the door be side which Simpson held his watch. He offered the trooper a tankard of ale and a piece of money, and whispered : “ Let me pass ; let me see my foe in the toils, and I will be your friend for life.” “ Gad 1 you’re the fellow that set the men on the right scout; you helped to nab him, and I don’t suppose you’d care to help him off.” “I’d throttle him first,” was the fierce, response. “ I wish to witness his humili ation—to gloat on his sufferings. He degraded me onco by cowardly blows, but now I think we are quits. Let me pass, good fellow, and it shall not be the worst for you. When I get my share of tho reward for taking him, I’ll remember you.” “ This ale is good ; this money is genu ine, and I don’t see any objection to grant in’ what you ask. Go in and speak your mind to tho sullen youngster, who wouldn’t answer a civil remark I made to him a while ago.” To be Continued. 