THE 'MISSING LINK.' A correspondent, of Sevenhille, sends us the following : — The capture of one of the most extra ordinary animals it has ever been my lot to meet with was accomplished by some 30 or 40 inhabitants of the township of Seven hills the other evening. As two boys were going home from school, they eBpied, amidst the branches of a lofty tree, an animal resembling an opossum in color, bnt of much larger dimen sions. They endeavored to arouse it from its leBtiag place by throwing stones, but were unable to do eo, and whenever a stone would go any way close to it it growled ferociously enougn to tngnten them con siderably. One stopped at the foot of the 1 tree watching its manoeuvres, whilst the other one came for me to see if I would go and capture it, if possible. They told me it was a most extraordinary animal, having a large head, with large flappy ears and a stumpy tail. My curiosity was aroused considerably, and I proceeded to the spot where it was located, bringing with me a bag and a rope. On arriving there I found five or six children and#a married woman watching the animal intently. I climbed up the tree till I got within some 10 feet of it, but was unable to arrive at any con clusion as to what it might be, the thick leaves of the tree partly hiding it from my view. £ endeavored to slip a rope with a loose knot over its head, but the small leaves prevented my doing so. By this time 25 or 30 people had assembled, and the excitement created was simply amazing. The next means adopted to capture it waB by catting down the limb, but bb the limb fell it became entangled in another limb lower down. The animal made a gigantic leap, compassing more than 12 feet, and lit on the limb of e sapling, holding on by its fore arms. With the agility of a monkey and the precision of a practiced gymnast it __ jumped virtically quite 10 feet on to ~ another limb, and then quietly pro B ceeded to the topmost branch. I olimbed up the tree, and a long stick was with a rope attached to one end of it was handed to me. I then endeavored to slip the rope around its body, but again was un successful. I touched it with the stick, and it growled eo furiously that it struck terror into my heart, and the excitement of the spectators became boundless. Every growl the creature made was followed by a tre ; - mendously- exciting cheer from the crowd, : and its reverberations resounded gloriously from the distant wooded hills. It came a little lower down and rested on a plane part of the branch, and I thought it was a grand opportunity of securing it with the rope. Ac cordingly the stick and rope were again ap plied, but with thethojughtfulness of a human being it quietly undid the rope from the stick and held possession of it. Knowing well that possession isnine-tentheof the law, it waB useless for me to attempt to get the rope. I was completely foiled, but by what P I could not tell. My knowledge of zoology being small helped me but very little. With the vividity of lightning, and ^.^ the adhesiveness of newly-made glue, the thought struck me, and stuck to me, that I m was fated to be one of the capturers of the mysterious long-lost 'missing link' in Darwin's mighty chain. Am I right P Who can tell P By undoing the rope from the stick in such an unassuming manner he showed intelligence of an high order. By retaining possession of the rope he proved that his intellect was equal to tbst of a human being, for where is the man, who, : Beeing a rope tied to a stick, would hesitate a moment at undoing it if he thought it would be of any use to him. There is not one. Wonder seized me. I was entranced. I hardly knew if I was in the tree or on the ground. I was within five feet of him, and could see his every action. He passed the rope through his hands until he came to one end. He proceeded to tie it to the limb on which he sat. He fixed it securely by tying a double knot, and tested its strength by climbing down the rope. He climbed up the rope again and got on the limb. I looked at him in amazement. He pulled up the lower end of the rope and began to tie it round his neck. Great Csesnr's ghost! Was he contemplating ^ suicide ? Undoubtedly he was. Another human act. I cried for an axe; a few | seconds and it was in my hands. I applied i it vigorously to the limb on which he sat. p The sound of the axe arrested his attention, and be let the rope fall. I instantly thanked heaven for permitting me to save him from the terrible consequences the committing of such an act would bring upon his head. The limb cracks, and a tremendous cheer arises from the assembled crowd. Crack ! crack ! and down goes the limb, and with it the object of all our desires. Cheer after cheer comes from the excited crowd. The limb came in contact with another near the butt of the tree, and broke the force of the fall immensely. The \- chopped end of the limb touched the ground first, and the top overbalancing, it fell on the ground very gently. The shouts of the crowd thrilled the blood, when he leaped out of the branches and bounded along the ground. Men, women, and children plunged headlong in the darkness of the night after him. AH obstacles were unheeded, and the . ecreechings of an unfortunate child who fell were passed by unnoticed. Outpaced entirely, the animal sought to save its life by climbing up a young elieoak. Before it had got out of reach a young lady, poseeeB ^c Pgia a marked degree the chief ^charac teristics of an Australian maiden, courage and determination, enveloped it com pletely with my tweed coat, which 6he picked up ere the race began ; and, pressing it against the tree with all her strength, held it securely. The cheers that arose from the crowd were deafening, and resembled the shoutings of a victorious army. Echo answered triumphantly from the surrounding hills. The birds were startled from their nightly reveries, and commotion reigned supreme. The bag wae got in readiness. It took the united strength of three men and one woman to drag him from the tree, presently he gave way and we quietly slipped him into the bag. Whatever species he belonged to he was ours. We carried him home triumphantly and placed him in a boot-trunk, and at 10 o'clock the same evening there was not one individual in the whole township of Sevenhills but had seen him. Every one expressed sur prise at his wonderful structure ; every one passed remarks on his intelligent head ; every one praised his noble form ; every one raved over his glorious eyes. What he is remains a mystery, but perhaps some of the zoologists of Clare can -enlighten us. He likes the tender leaves of the gum tree, but when I handed him a piece of bread he only looked inquiringly at me. So inquiringly he looked that I understood him, and handed him a knife. Another inquir iug look and I knew he J wan ted the butter, and it being cheap just now I gave him some on a plate. He spread it on the bread with the dexterity of a housemaid, and I can solemnly swear I never saw the bread or the butter after he took the first bite. This most extraordinary animal is still in my possession, and any person having an intimate knowledge of zoology is at liberty to come and inspect him. What a triumph for Sevenhills if he is in all reality the 'missing link.' 