CHAPTER IV. Evelyn took the news with unhoped-for calmness. Mrs. Jardine was obliged in the course of the week to return to her own borne; but she urged upon Thainston the necessity of sending his wife away from Gairnsmuir at once—the shock had been too much for her; change of scene was impera tive. To this arrangement Evelyn apatheti cally consented, but her spirits did not revive, nor did she ever again resume her former manner towards her husband. The gulf between them remained fathomless, though after a time she returned to him at Calrnsmuir and assumed her duties as mis tress of the Castle. She took up her abode in the oldest part of the building—the anoient stronghold itself—and the two fives that were passed under the same roof never for a [ moment touched. Absolute silenoe and reserve reigned between them. Ab time went on Evelyn became thinner and more and moro ethereal in appearanoe, and she began to show consumptive tenden cies, whion had long been feared by her brother and Mrs. Jardine. Thainston watohed her with desperate anxiety, bat be dared not even otter a remonstranoe against her reckless exposnre of herself, though he knew that she was throwing away the last little hope that there might have been of saving her life. She UBed to wander deso lately abont the cold, deserted bouse, going from room to room like some reBtiess guilty spirit. 8he refused now to mingle with her fellows; wonld see no one, and diseouraged all attempts of her friends to induoe her to resnme her old habits of life. Cairnsmuir seemed a grief-stricken place. Mrs. Jardine's gloomy propheoy had been fulfilled to the Abont a year after the establishment ot the new master and mistreBB at Cairnsmuir old Bnchanan, who had never held up his head since John's melancholy end, was taken ill and died, Evelyn standing by his bedBide, | and receiving his last words. " Oh God! if only I might die too 1" A sense of unutterable desolation over whelmed her as she closed the eyeB of this trusty friend of many years, who had loved her brother and herself from their ahiidhood. Now she was left alone with her misery worse than alone ! Seeing the heotio flush grow deeper every day on her oheek, and all the cruel symp toms of her malady rapidly increase, Thain ston at last in desperation ventured to break | the awful silence. ; " Don't you think tbat you ought to go away Bomewhere ?" he said one day, on find ing her sitting alone in the cheerless drawing room doing nothing, her eyes fixed on the j carpet. "Go away somewhere?" she repeated vacantly. " You are ill; this place is too damp and cold ior you." 8he startled him by a laugh; it was the first time she had laughed since her brother's death. "We have duties to the living, you know," the husband pursued in rather a shaky voice; "yonr love is all buried in your brother's grave. You have none left for me." She looked at him in deep surprise. " And you oare about that ?" she said, with a curious searching glance at his diBtnrbed | face. He raised his hands above his head. " Ob! ( Evelyn, don't you know that your terrible hatred is driving me mad ?" He was as pate as Evelyn herself, and his whole frame [ trembled. " It ib very strange," she murmured, cover ing her eyeB with her hands with a gesture of ] mingled bewilderment and misery. "Speak one kind word tome," he pleaded; " will you never wake up from your sorrow | and love me again? Will you let it kill you like this?" | He was about to touoh her thin, flushed | oheek, but Bhe shrank away from him with a gasp, and be quickly withdrew his hand, tnrning, if possible a shade paler tb&n; before. And then there was a long, miserable silenoe. It seemed the more dead and ominous for the steady, fateful tickling of the elook and the dull sighing of the rising wind outside. The afternoon was rapidly waning, the castle lay in shadow; river mists were steal ing np and clinging ronnd the walls. Evelyn, whoBe gaze went past her husband like a ' flying arrow unswervingly direoted to some distant goal, seemed to be watching the darkness creeping on, the last gleam of rosy colonr in the sky feeing into grey, the gloom of coming night deepening over the river and the woods beyond. In the hollow a oircular film of vapour lay hanging like a white wreath in the dusk. A hoarse voice broke the stillness at last. '■ What Bre yon lookiog at Evelyn ?" "The mists rising fiom the moat," ehe said. "They rise so every night," " I watoh them every night," was the oalm | answer. He looked at her furtively, but made no reply; and presently, after wandering to and fro from the window once or twioe, as if taying to make np his mind to say something more, he went out Bnd left his wife alone. And so the days went by, and the gulf of separation between these two remained dark ' and deep as ever. I Every night the mists stole up from the river, and the wierd oloud-cirole rose above the moat; the winds beat upon the oastle walls and moaned in the branches of the Dnie-tree. The old place had been allowed to go to rack and rain; Thainston was unex pectedly neglectful of the property that had fallen so suddenly into his hands. As for his wife—said the neighbours Badly—she was dying of galloping consumption, and would make no effort to save herself. The damp stains grew darker on the walls, and the mosses spread and Bpread in the ' l#rv» iwmr»y*rrl. while thn imp* kemous J became Hieeber about their grinning mouths, as the water poured or dripped upon the ' paring atone* beneath. And etill hatband and wife lived on together in their gloomy home, facing one another at their cheerless table, always oold and cere monious, as though they bad been perfect strangers. And for ever between them hy the seoret known to both; known, bat held in un broken silence. An unwelcome third, it sat betide them at their hearth, stole by them like a ghost at twilight, or flaunted before them with mooking gestures in the fall glare of the morning. It had beoome their constant companion; and each knew well that it was present, and always present, to them both. Evelyn seemed to be drifting rapidly away as I the weekB went on. Eaoh time that her husband returned from his frequent journeys he found her paler and thinner than before. The spectre that hannted them seemed to be draining away her life. Thain ston watohed her sinking day by day, and knew that her doom'was sealed. He found her one afternoon lying on her ooueh in the deep recess of her favourite window, whither it had been wheeled that she might look out through the branches of the Dole-tree to the river, which was now in flood, and seemed to be hurrying away as if grief-driven, to oalm its trouble in the far-off sea. ThainBton hesitated, and then came forward. There was a look in her face as she watched the hastening waters that Bent a pang to his heart. He ventured timidly to sit down beside the conch. "Evelyn," he said in a broken voice, "this place is killing yon; won't you be persuaded to leave it? " I have lived here, and 1 shall die here," she answered. Then after a pauBe, " I shall die very soon now; I feel death ooming. I am hurrying away like that river—" She j paused for breath, and Gilbert started up in alarm. "Look bow it is tearing over the i stones," she went on; " It careB for nothing if only it oan get away from the burden of its serrow. When it reaches the sea and loses itself entirely, the poor little river will find peace at last. Thainston stretched ont hie arm towards her, bnt she drew away, not now in horror but with a look of hopeless grief. For suoh grief the peace and immensity of the ooean of death was alone the solace. Love and faith lay bleeding like some wounded bird that oreeps into tbe grass to die in slow and lonely pain. Thainston was kneeling by the 1 couch, his faoe covered with his handB. " Speak to me, Evelyn," he broke out; " only speak to me. I am the most miserable man on the faoe of the earth 1 Have pity on ' me; cutBe me; strike me; expose me ; tell' all the world what I have done—anything rather than this horrible hatred and soorn. Oh, pity me!" "Do yon think I have not pitied you? That 1 did not know the horror of yonr life, j Ever since that night my heart has bled for ] you, even while I hated you, even while the elgbt of yon filled me with loathing. My old love and faith and admiration died in tor ments. I Could not hate and loathe yon as I I should have loathed and hated any other j man who had done what yon did; 1 hated ; yon more, a thousand rimes more 1 I suffered in yonr Buffering, and when you Beemed callouB and unrepentant"—she gave a gesture j of desperation—" sometimes I almoBt wished that 1 had done the deed myself, rather than you should have done it—anything seemed j less intolerable than that." He broke into a fit of terrible sobbing. Then, checking himBelf with a strong effort, he made several attempts to speak. She waited patiently till he regained oon trol over his voioe. "It was a horrible inspiration," he said hoarsely, " I must tell it yon all. 1 was— by my own fault—in the power of a man who 1 extorted money from me by threatening to disclose a diBgracefnl secret. When I met you 1 wbb penniless—deeply in debt; it was my passionate love for you that tempted me. I should have lost yon. On that very night he demanded a sum greater than I had any possibility of paying; I was desperate—at any moment my happiness might nave been torn from me; 1—had taken a large sum of money from ," "Leave that part of the etory; I under stand enough," "That night your brother said'be would sleep in the Dale-Chamber and disappear, and by some horrible fatality he actually told me the whole secret himself Thainston wob breathing deeply. "Then the devil entered into me, and gave me that 1 aoourBed inspiration. Every detail flashed instshtly in my mind; I had no need to think it out. A pioture came before me; I J saw bim emerge alone from the passage tbrougb the archway; I saw my own form creep after him in the darkness as he went along the path by the moat. I Baw the heap of fallen masonry, over whioh, in very fact, he stnmbled. I saw myBelf strike him a 1 deathblow at the instant that he swayed, with one of those murderous stones, and then roll the body into the moat. Even the minnte particulars of the after search mapped themeelveB out before me; every event was born in my brain as we two 1 stood that night side by side in the Dule ohamber by the fireplaoe. A sort of madness ptBBCEBed me, I think. Yon know the wicked oalm and canning that has prevented even a Buepioion of my crime ever, sinoe I committed it. But I am sane at last, and—damned 1" There was a long Bilenoe bb Thainston finiBhsd htB confession. His faoe wbb turned away from his wife, and he dared not look at her or raise his bowed head. She spoke at last in a low, weak voioe. "Itoo have my tale to tell before I die," she said. In a few broken sentences she explained in what manner she bad beoome acquained with the miserable seoret. "It was the work of the devil—my purga tory is just over—yonrs—not yet. Now, come nearer," she whispered. He started forward, seeing the death change begin to steel aorosB her face. Her moments and her words were numbered. "Bury be beside bim, Gilbert" — she stretched ont ber band and laid it on his head. " Let yonr own life be an atonement —I will plead for yon." Tbe pause between eaoh Bentenoe was growing longer. She spoke in gaBps. " I will tell him how yon suffer —atone—atone—do not spare yourself— i we have lost each other In this world—try ] —try and aome to me in the next—I shall be waiting for yon—always." The wave of life was spent; she sank back in tbe last dreadful struggle. " Ah! stay with me! stay with me 1" The miserable man stretohed out his arms, clinging to ber desperately, and fell sobbing on his knees. Bnt she could no longer answer him, plead as he might. When two hoars later the moonlight began totouoh with silver the mist-wreath over the moat, and to creep in throngh the branohes of tbe Dole-tree, it left in qniet darkness the peaoefnl face of the dead woman, while it fell upon the haggard, distorted features of the man who still knelt beside her, madly die Suting her with death in the frenzy of his itolerable anguish. Ins Eso, 