\- A. Headless 'Ghost. \ An English Farmer's Cruel Bsvengo on HjB ? False Lady Love..* '' About thirty miles south of London, in ono oi the prottiost parts ol England, is a village called Shalford. Adjoining it is a largo commoni or public pasture. Thero ara a tew houses: fronting on it, prominent among whioh there was; about twenty years ago, a rather singular-looking edifice, known to the village folk as tho ' Black House.' The namo was apparently ill-chosen, for the bricks wero whito and tho tiles a bright rifd. But tbore was a good reason for tha namc,_ as any local gossipcr has pleased to explain. -The houso had been built by a farmer named Somers for tba'reception of a young lady of good position who was shortly to become hia bride. Tbo wedding day had been Gx3d. But a few days before tbo ono^ixod for the wedding day tbo bride disappeared, and b' few hours alter her departure a farm ha&din; -tho employ of Somers was also sought for and found not. Bamor ooupled the two names, and the die appointed bridegroom started eff in hot haste in pursuit. For several months the houso remained untenanted, but ona night lights wero observed in tba windows. Tbe next day there was much speculation as to whether Somers had returned or whether he had rented. ' But thero was no signs of lite during tbo next nor tho succeeding day, and finally it was thought pdvisablc. to forcc an entry. Accordingly tho local blacksmith and Somors' farm bailiff broke open tbo front door. Tbe houso was found exaotly as left by Sombrs when be started out on bis tour of revenge nor was there any explanation to bo detected of the lights Been at night. That Gvening the windows were again bright, and for several successive nights the phenomenon was repeated. Finally a com mittee ol thrco was appointed to investigate. The members of the committee were the blacksmith, the parish clerk, anil an old qkeptio who believed in no one but himsolf. After eating a hearty supper at tbo village I. inn tho trio set out on their task. Tbe clerk i was very nervous, the blacksmith defiant and tho skeptio sarc'setic. The door was forced open and thf men proceeded .to investigate. They made a tour oi all tho room-, but dis covered nothing. Tho clerk became reas sured, tbe blacksmith Bighcd for Bomeoce or something to fight, and tbe skeptio threw in an ' 1 told you thero was nothing ' every two or three minuter. But shortly beforo midnight the light oi the lanterns carried by the intrepid investi gators was supplemented by a bright illumi nation which seemed to have no natural source. The clerk looked at the blacksmith^ and oven tbe .skeplio felt himself at fault.' Suddenly the first named sprang to bis'fecti and rusbod. headlong out into the passage, along it to ibe front door, and through it.cn to the open pasture, -Tho blaoksmith Ond' tbo Bkcptic turned and dcaided to follow his lead as boat tbey could. For, standing in tbe iar corncr was a figure so weird tbat not even tbe skeptio coulcFoontroI his fears, i It was the figure ot a young woman, absolutely headless, and envolped in a shroud ot sur passing brilliancy. From this unnatural clothing tha mysterious light seemed to emerge. The two mon got away ealaly and corroborated the parish olcrk's description ol tho sceno. Tho story wao not generally credited, but again and again was the honft rented, only to be vacated by eaoh succeeding tenant alter onp day's occupation* Neither Somors nor his ialsa lady lovo ever reap-' pcarcd at Sballord, and when your corres pondent last saw it tho black houso was still unoccupied nnd was gradually lulling into ruins. . ° 