DEATH OF THE CROWN PRINCE OF A USTRIA. Tiis Albany correspondent of tho S. At. Haty from Albmiy, the following account of the death of Princo Rudolph', re ceived by tho English mitil undo* date 'lOHi Fcbruaiy Tho mystery surrounding the death of tho Crow,, J'rincu of Austria has given rise to nuUy ecmaiathtg. Wtatements. The following narratives supply dotails of tho voreions most widely circulated. Rudolph li&d; for the last three years at least bean U»'lng in bad ways. His disappointment at not having a son first estranged him from his wife, anil his subse quent infidelities completed the separation, gradually it became apparent that the young pan", formerly ao attached, were leading aenlt (Uid-<log lite. The Prinee.a man of sligKt OniM, nervous sympathetic temperament, Highly imaginative and excitable, took to ex cessive drinking. He lost interest in his literary pursuits; u weU as 'artistic studies, and wo* always oraving for eycitoment. Ho Wtj wha» out Wonhootiug and J^iHU^ TOd.wM frtao^nfly seen Wrftli mislioir face. He took pleasure in 'loose society, -sod beeaate smitten With fondness for ghost stories an<l.-spiritualism, and in the end lie became haunted with fear that he might go mad, like Lbnis H. of Bavaria. He had an intrigue with a Uaroncss Marie von V. i'ouBg, a lady 6fSl years, one of the behuties M Austrian sooietv. She belonged to the old until family, and wu the niece of a well known Austrian . sportsman. The acquain tance betwfcen the baronoss andCrownPrmoe began «ome montlis ngo> and this increased tte .(JstmogeuuSnt ..between Rudolph, and Suphaaie, The Prinpe scarcely mode any «jc**t of his determination < to obtain a divorce. He oounted oonfideotly upon receiving assis tance from tho Kmperor, on acooniit of the disappointment. experienced Jiy his Majesty when, the dootors toertified that the .Crown miiceseoould tore imfttrther issue. To the thrown Princes surprise and disappointment, the iCioperon point-Monk refused to oounten .nee anrthuw of th* kind.// His Majesty pro feesed himself, as he undoubtedly is, verv much attached to the Crown Fruicess, and rated bis eon for his unmaribal oondact. On SundW', the 27th January, there nas«tenrible seenebetween tho Prinoe and his Wife, who thrpatwwd to return to her parents iu Bel gium. The Emperor told the Prinoe fe *9uld wpoint him Governor of Bosnia, and oblige him to .go and five at Sierajevo. ? " There," he said, '' you win have to lead a reputoble life, and there will be an epd . to, : iul' these . scandals;",. At 'the JMW time the ,Empetofi .Mstitinad ?' tltfe Prinwss to be mow patient with her husband. The Crown Prince was seen for the last time in public at the Princess Rene's reception on £$48 fhwhen abmcwhat and »SEai'«rti affirm a » submission, and promise to.;'load a tetter life. BuJolph got very Mgry,,,,left Jits father, without kissinghis litad, .according to .the Austrian cttstum, aWl ttWHintf away to his apartments, took off his uniform, put ou'a stiit of shootmc gffiapgBgss very,,low but gradually brightened up, and .after, 4tiifler;iiraMSseh, the cabman. wm summoned, to sine fw Hjjnj. The Wince, Hoyos, Mid Bratfiscli remained together tiU 3 in the morning, but intervals be tween Bretflscb s sonm. the Prinoe several SUIT Uft the dtulH^oom and went to his ^"ted,:«> todentondiirtr that^the Prince would go out .belong' at 9 o'clock in the morning;' «r»nthW poinfrthektoriesdiffer, some mafog thsflrj Who cortmltted knlcide not the Baroness Marie, but ah«hci<y<WnK lady of the AustnanarUtocraw, of Portugese Sttrac tion and fieroe tompir. 'On the Tuesday after noon, thedwafterUioPrince'sdepartiMrom Vienna,shehad been outslioppingwitli heraunt. and gave that lady the slip while they were in a warehousetogether. Ou reaching Meyerlinashe toasted on seeing the Prinoe, and at the inter view quite unnerved him. She stormed, wept, and^declared Ijflr shame would soon beooins wUeMed by saying that unleM the l!P*Va h«)r oralf«AadarMi4>7£ ^M9(K with beiftti if f*yr5Jfek|b . - JSmmit suicide. The Prince was so frightened that he dared not let the girl go back to Vienna alone, but proposed she should remain for the night at Meraiiiag; she was accordingly installed at the lodmrf the gamekeeper, a J/T?,".,' ' night the Prj wahS the^lb.<lft ^i. ®wooned M U he vtadtv, Who»4he gtrt whom 'be \- *BW "»inBtes More won standing. VVMdriaftappeftre then to h»ve. called ,out, & his Sstt^Mon that he bad killed tha WrjnS swallowed t|je ur a intiie a; muaa Whiol( 4»e t^d'Jiro^hV with her. Tho Bribde, racoyerm^auickly frqm his BH-ooti, ordered: Weedring to helpliln, to walk to the Schloss, ana 'gave htm strict' injunctions to hold hfa "The Prittfee then went home and wu * .nortlyi' «,ft«r fonnd dead, drenoh^d WUb' jMpfli and lying hrif q«f:<rf hjs Ueq vrtth' a fyfF ^ Jtyum unather *£.. coirit It .ftppeara t int the Priupe \yent to.Hsyerllqg the Baroness' Marie a?sappcarctl from home, leaving « note for her' luathor, (u wlitch »ho Bai.l 8ho was going to .\rown her ii«tan<!y went, to" CoUutlTMft, the Austrian Premier, and the latter p^ntsed to cojuw inauiries to, bo made, aud "eteotwes wore accordingly. placed upon lirt- trfcek. Thby made the discovery that She was sta«ng with the Crown Prince at Moverling. Taafle eonveyeil this infamiation to the mefher,, vho. on WodAetdaymoruiBE home tho inoiter.found ,another letter from: M^ssa,"a&ra;£ pRmniPriuoe had heoolved to eonfeiit 'suicMo' nie aivorce trom tho Prinuess, and whan he. informed her that this was now impossible, owing to the Emperor's refusal to <tonset)t to the dlyorce they j«sc4v«d1o oammlt suicide. Ihiethey clijon \V«lnW^i,y morning in the rriuue' W hen I^PfTiell, the "the ff0' ""t01,0'1.'01(1 lieu room L tlio mtiniing, after .vatiity knockingJifor ail mittanco. lie found the doad bodita of tl.i, lovers lying on tho bud/ !Mw««SW auv r lr5fe1^ !$>, t\oyc4ia tax ,i"5 mat It, was a . ^ "Uieiile, as was reported to tho Smfjror. Qu l»in^ inform^ o( Wfl's death the Emperor at onoe suspected the truth fcud ^xolaimeii, " I would ntbtt, have Mat a province thau thi> dlsgraoo shoum have befallen me." Tfic Rome correspondrnt of the Daily Xcw* says he was able to learn the exact particulars of what occurred at the Vatican between the Holy Bee and the Imperial family at Vienna on the occasion of Rudolph's deatli, The Hope received the first telegram' announcing simply the death of the Prince, to which his Holiness himself wrote a reply of tour lines, abd this' for him was an extra ordinary thing to do, as 1ic has the greatest difficulty in holding a pen. On the following day there came a long telegram from Vienna explaining the whole circumstances of 'the case, from which it appeared that thnre litul been both a suicide and a duel. A difficulty thurcforearose to deride whether the Archduke should have religious burial according to canonical law, Suicido being considered in the light of madness a religious sorvioe Is granted, but not for those killed in duel. A congregation of the cardinals was immediately called by order of the Pope to examine into the question. After a long discussion the cardinals came to the conclusion that only one deranged in mind could have entered into such a duel; and the natural consequence of the decision was that the necessary permission was granted. The Emperor recclvcd the news with the doepest gratitude, and tele graphed to the Pone that in his great bereave ment his Holiness had spared him the greatest grief. MOUNT MORGANS.-Shares in the Mount Motjgan Company were sold in Brisbane on Friday at £6 0s. PROTECTION FOR THE MARSUPIAL.-In a leading article published in a recent issue, of the Argtu we discussed .a proposal to protect manupisls, made by a.resident of tho Wide Bay district. The idesrfeeemp to have assumed practical shape in some of the So^it^rn colftnici. A society " to protect the marsupial skin trade" has been forpied in South Austra lia, and we, learn by telegram that it has re ceived from America assurances of co-opera tion. It is suggested that legislation should be sought in Australasia to prevent (he salfeof skins less thkn lib. in weight, and to prohibit killing kangaroos during the surtimer months. JIKTOBJI WANTED,-A Sydney telegram, dated. Friday last, says :-" A deputation from the Protection and Political Reform league waited upon the Premier to-day, and urged an amendment in tho Electoral Adt wilbaviowto the prevention of impersona tion and the abolition of the property qualifi cation in favour of a residential qualification, and that thepther provisions of the Act should Srov^de for*11 elections taking' place on one ay, one man one vote, and the registration of voters. Sir Henry farkes promised to look *9to the Victorian system, which; he aaid, WW better than tbatof (his oolouy la gome respects, and he "would deal with the Matter in a comprehensive manner. i How TO GET SICK.-Erponfe yourself day and night; eat too much without exercise ; work too much without rest; doctor all' tho time : take ail the vile nostrums adtettistfj; anp tbpo "yfm Will want to know -HOW ? no oir WELL, which is answered in a few words Take Dr. Soule'a American Hdpliittera ! Sec other column.-Exprtu, 