THE FROZEN PIRATE. BY W. CLARKE RUSSELL, Author of ' The Wreck of the Grosvenor 4 The Lady Maud,' ' A Sailor's Sweet heart.' Etc. Chapter XXVT. — I am Troubled by Thoughts of the Tiieasuee. Tlie weight of the Avind in the rigging steadied the schooner somewhat, and pre sented her from rolling too heavily to starboard, whilst her list corrected her larboard rolls. So as I sat below she seemed to me to he making tolerably good Aveather of it. Not much water came aboard ; noAv and again I would hear tlie clatter of a fall forwards, but at comfortably long intervals. I sat against tho dresser with my back upon it, and being dead tired must have dropped asleep on a sudden — indeed, before I had half smoked my pipe out, and I do not believe I gaA'c a thought to my situation before I slumbered, so wearied atos I. The cold awoke inc. The fire Avas out and so Avas the candle in tho lanthorn, aud I was in coffin darkness. This the tinder-box speedily remedied. I looked at my watch — seven o'clock, as I was a sinner ! so that my sleep had lasted be tween three and four hours. I went on deck and found the night still black upon the sea, the Avind the same brisk gale that was blowing Avhen I quitted tho helm, the sea no heaA'ier, and the schooner tumbling in true Dutch fashion upon it. I looked a'ery earnestly around but could see no signs of ice. There would bo daylight presently, so I Avent below, lighted tho hrc- and got my breakfast, and when I returned the sun avus up and the sea Aisible to its furthest reaches. It was a fine Avintry piece ; the sea green and running in ridges Avith frothing heads, the" sky very pale among tho dark snow- liiden clouds, the situ darting a ray now and again, AvMeh Avas swung into the north by the shadows of the clouds until they extinguished it. Remote in tlio north west hung the gleam of an iceberg ; there was nothing clso in -sight. Yes — something that comforted mo exceedingly, though it Avas not A'ery mauy days ago that a like object had heavily scared mo — an albatross, a noblo bird, sailing on the Avindward close enough to be shot. The sight of tins living thing Avas inexpressibly cheering ; it put into my head a fancy of sliips being at hand, thoughts of help and of human companions. In truth, my imagination was Avilling to accept it as the same bird that I had frightened aAvay when in the boat, now re turned to silently reproach mc for my treat ment of it. Nay, my lonely eye, my sub dued and suffering heart might eA'en havo Avitnessed the good angel of my life m that solitary shape of ocean beauty, and have deemed that, thongh unseen, it had been Avitli me throughout, and Avas now made visible to my gaze by the Hght of hope that had broken into tlie darkness of my adventure. Well, supposing it so, I should not hax'0 been tlie only man avIio ever seared his good angel -away and found it faithful after wards. I untashed the tiller and got the schooner before the Avind and steered until a little before noon, letting her drive dead before tho sea, avMcIi carried her north-east. Then securing the helm amidships I ran for the quadrant and wliilstAvaiting for thesunto show himself I observed that the vessel held her- self very steadily before the Avmd, which might have been oAving to her high stern and great swell of her sides and her round bottom ; but be the cause what it might, sbo ran-as fairly Avith her helm amidslups as if I had been at the tiller to check licr, a most fortunate condition of my navigation, for it privileged me to get about other work, whilst, at the same time, every hour was conA'eyingmo nearer to the track of staps and further from the bitter regions of tho south. I got an observation and made out that tho vessel had driven about fifteen leagues during the night. She must do better than tliat, thought . I - and when I had eaten some dinner I took a chopper, and gomg on to the forecastle, lay out -upon the bowsprit, and after heating the spritsailyard block clear ot the ice, cut away the gaskets that confined the sail to the yard, heartily bcatmg the canvas, that was Hke iron, till a clew of it fell. I then came in and braced the yard square, and the wind, presently catching the exposed part of the sail, bletv more of it out, and yet more, until there was a surface show ing ; then to a sudden hard blast of vand the whole sail flew open with a mighty crackling, as though indeed it was formed of iee ; but to render it useful I had to haul the sheets aft, avMcIi I could not manage without the help of the tackles we had used in slinging the powder over the side ; so that, Avhat Avith one hindrance aind another, the setting that sail took me au hour and a half. But had it occupied me all clay itAvould have, been worth doing. Trifling as it was as a cloth, its effect cpon the schooner Avas likc that of a cordial upon a fainting man. It aviis not that she sensibly showed nimbler heels to its ; its lifting tendency enabled her to ride the under-running seas more buoyantly, and if it increased her speed by balf a knot an hour it Avas Avorth a . million to me, whose business it Avas to take the utmost possible advantage of tho southerly gale. I returned to the helm, Avann Avith the exercise j and gazed forward not a little proud of my Avork. Though the sail was eight-aud- forty years old and perhaps older, it offered us tough and stout a surface to the wind as if it was fresh from the sailmakcr's hands, so great are the preserving qualities of ice. I looked Avistfully at the topsail, hut on reflect ing that if it should come on to Moav hard enough to compel mo to lieaA'e the bng to slio would never hull Avith that canvas abroad. I resolved to let ifc lie, for I could cut away tho spritsail if the necessity arose and not greatly regret its loss ; hut to lose the topsail would be a serious matter, though if I did not cut it adrift ifc might cany aAvay the mast for me ; so, as I say, I would not meddle Avitiiifc. Finding that the ship continued to steer herself veiy well, and the better for the sprit- sad, I thought I would get the body ol tho old Freuclunan overboard, and so obtain a clear hold for myself so far as corpses Avent. I carried the lanthorn into the forecastle, but when I pulled tlie hammock off him I con fess it was not without a stupid fear that I should find him alive. Recollection of Ms astounding vitality found something im perishable in that ugly-anatomy, and though lie lay before me as dead and cold as stone. I yet had a fancy that the seeds of liteAvere still in Mm, that 'tAvas only the current of liis being that had frozen, that if I were to thaw Mm afresh ho might recoA'er, and that if I buried liim I should actually be despatch ing Mm. But though these taucies possessed, tney did not control me. I took lus Avatch and Avhatever else he had in that Avay, carried him on deck and dropped him OA-er the side, using us Httle ceremony as he liad employed in the disposal of liis sMpmates, hut affected by very different emotions ; for there was not only the idea that the Altai spark Avas still m him ; I could not hut handle Avith awe the most mysterious corpse the eye had ever viewed, one who had lived through a stupor or death-sleep for eight-and-forty years, m whom in a few hours Time had compressed the Avizardry he stretches in othc-io over halt a century ; Avho in a niglit had slirunk from the aspect of liis prime into the lean, puckered, blear-eyed, deaf, and tottering ex pression of a hundred years. But now he was gone ! The bubbles which rose to tho plunge of his "bouy were his epitaph : had they risen blood-red they Avould have better symboUscd his life. The albatross stooped to tlie spot where ho had vanished Avitli a hoarse salt scream like tlie laugh of a delirious Avoinan, and tlie wind, freshening momentarily in a squall, made one think of the spirit of Nature as eager to purify the aii' of heaven from the hunt of the dead pirate's passage from the bulwarks to the Avater's surface. All that day and tMougli the in ght that followed, the schooner drove, rolling and plunging before the seas, into the north-east, to the pulling of the sprit- ' sail. I made several excursions into the forchold, hut never could hear the souud ol water in the vessol. Her sides in places were gradually droppjn" clY$tol aiour "iff of her frame in tho r 40 tJie "ork. f? was proviiu, 2, so'thftt, «nce fcuu lier.. staunchnt- , V 'f '' M-a» Jefi- fEBw&f; «Pjng masfy' C>1' b..'" sssssivSw "' wsfcsw- -"f/ auu. eiuins- ,.th Jtoed polarat/" d -"toclcs» thoue-gf -id. massive tge ? .o pursue and -o be unriddled by -ook to be more nn- y than -herself. "What -of these days, in his clean- -a or arrowy schooner, have \- of such an instrument as this for practice of his pretty trade ? The ice „ioft still held for her spars and ringing' the resemblance of glass, and to even' sunbeam that flashed upon her from between the sweeping clouds she would sparkle .out into many-coloured twinklings, marvellously delicate in colour, and changing their tints twenty times over in a breath through the swiftness of the reeling of the spars. I should but fatigue you to follow the sovoral little -stories of these hours one by one ; how I got my food, snatched at sleep, stood at the helm, gazed around the sea-line and tho like. J ust before sundown I saw a large iceberg in the north, two leagues dis tant ; no others were in sight, but one was enough to make me uneasy, and I spent a very troubled night, repeatedly coming on deck to look about mo. The schooner steered herself as if a man stood at the helm. The spritsail further helped her in this, for, if the curl of a sea under her forefoot brought her to larboard or starboard, the sail forced her back again. Still, it was a very sur prising happy quality in her, the next best thing to my having a shipmate, and a wonderful relief to me, who must otherwise have brought her to, under a lashed helm, every time I had occasion to leave the deck. .Ike seaworthiness of the craft, coupled with the reasonable assurance of presently falling in with a ship, rendered me so far easy in my mind as to enable me to think very frequently of the treasure and how I was to secure it. If I fell in with an enemy's cruiser or a privateer I must expect to bo stripped. This would bo the fortune of war, and I must take my chance. Hy concern did not lie that way ; how was I to protect this property, that was justly mine, against my own countrymen, suppose I had the good fortune to carry the schooner . safely into English waters P I had a brother-in- law, Jeremiah Mison, Esq., a Turkey mer chant in a small way of business, whose office was m the city of London, and, if I could manage to convey the treasure secretly to lum, he would, I knew, find me a hand some account in his settlement of this affair. But it was impossible to strike out a plan. I must wait and attend the course of events. Yet riches being things wliioh fever tho coldest imaginations, I could not look ahead without excitement and irritability of fancy. I should reckon it a hard fate indeed after my cruel experiences, my freeing the vessel from the ice, my sailing lier through some thousand of miles of perilous seas, and arriving finally in safcty to bo dispossessed of what was strictly mine — as much mine as if I had fished it up from the bottom of tho sea, where it must other wise have lain till the crack of doom. I remember. that, among other ideas, it entered my head to tell the master of the first ship I met, if she were British, the whole story of my adventure, to acquaint him with the treasure to offer to tranship it and myself to his vessel and abandon . the schoonor, and propose a handsome reward for his ofhees. But I could not bring my mind to trust any stranger with so great a secret. The mere circumstances of the treasure not being mine, in the sense of my having earned it, of its being piratical plunder, and as much one's as another's, might dull tho edge even of a fair-dealing conscience and expose me to the machinations of a heavily tempted mind. Therefore, though I had no plan, I was resolved at all huzards to stick to the schooner, and, with a view to providing against the curiosity or rummaging of any person who sliouM come aboard I fell to the followim- \- -work after getting my breakfast. I hung lanthorns in the run and hateliwavs and cabin to enable me to pass easily to and fro ; I then emptied one of the chests in my cabin and carried it to where the treasure was. The chest I filled nearly three-parts full with money, jewellery, etc., which sank the contents of the other chests to the depth I wanted. I then fetched a quantity of small arms, such as pistols and hangers and cutlasses, and filled up the chests with them, first placing a thickness of canvas over the money and jewellery, that no glitter ini<riit snow through. To improve the .deception I brought another chest to the run, and wholly filled with cutlasses, powder-horns, pistols, and the like, and so fixed it that it must be the first to come to hand. My cuiuiin,r amounted to this : that, suppisc the run to be rummaged, the contents of tho first chest were sure to be turned out, but, on the other chests being opened, and what they appeared to contain observed, it was as likely as not that the rummagers would bo satisfied tliey wero arms-chests, and quit meddling with tkcuv Here now might I indulge in a string of reflections on the troubles and anxieties which money brings, quote from Juvenal and other poets, and hold myself up to your merriment by a contemptuous exhibition of myself, a lonely sailor, labouring to conceal his gold from imaginary knaves, toiling in the dark depth of the vessel, and never heeding that, \ en whilst he so_ worked, his ship might split ,pon some half-tide rock of ice, and founder ilh him and his treasure too, and so on, and on. But the fact is I was not a fool, fere was money enough to set me up as a Aue gentleman for life, and I meant 'to sav o it and keep it too, if I could. A man on Ills deathbed, a man in such peril that his end is certain, can afford to be sentimen tal. He is going where money is dross in deed, and he is in a posture when to moralise upon human greed and the vanity of wishes and riches becomes him. But would not a man whose health is hearty, and who hopes . to save his life, be worse off than a sheep in the matter of brains not to keen a firm grip of Fortune's hand when she extended it? I know I was very Well pleased with my morning's work when I had accomplished it, and had no mind to qualify my satisfaction \- In melancholy and romantic musings on iny condition and imcertanty of the future. This was possibly owing to the flncnesi of the weather ; a heavy black gale from the north would doubtless have given a very different turn to my humours. The wind at dawn had wrenkened and come into the west. There was a strong swell indeed there always is in tliis ocean— but the . Boas ran small. The sky looked like marble, with its broad spreadings of high white clouds and the veins of blue sky between. I wished to make all the northing that Was possible, but there was nothing to he done in \- that way with the spritsail alone. Had not tho capstan been frozen I should have tried to get the mainsail upon the ship, but without the aid of machinery I was heldless. So, with helm amidships, the schooner drove languidly along with her head due east, . lifting as ponderously as a line-of-battlp ship to the floating Launches of the high swell, and the albatross hung as steadfastly in the \- wake of my lonely ocean path as though it had been some messenger sent by God to watch me into safety. Chapter XXVII. — I Encounter a Whaler. I had been six days and nights at sea, and- the morning of the seventh day had come. With the exception of one day of strong south-westerly winds, which ran me some thing to the northwards, tho weather had been fine, bitterly cold indeed, but. bright and clear. In this time I ha.d run a distance of about six hundred and fifty miles to the cast- and with no other cloths upon the schooner than her spritsail. I confess, as the hours passed away and nothing hove into view, I grew dispirited and restless ; but, on tho other hand, I was com forted by the bright weather and the favourable winds, and particularly by the vessel's steering herself, which enabled me ; to get rest, to keep myself warm with tho fire, r and to dress my food, yet ever pushing on- -the wind wa- " "west by a- -o the navigated from " tb- ... ..the seventh day I came g slept since four o'clock, .o icy keen, pretty brisk, about ,juth ; the movement in the sea was inc south, and rolled very grandly ; .ere was a fog that way, too, that hid the horizon, bringing the ocean-lme to within a league of the schooner ; but the other quarters swept in a dark, clear, blue line against the sky, and there was such a clarity of atmosphere as made tlie distances appear infinite. I went below andlighted thefire and got my breakfast, all very leisurely, and when I was done I sat down and smoked a pipe. It was so keen on deck that I had no mind to leave the lire, and, as all was well, I lounged through tlie best part of two hours in the cook-house, when, thinking ifc was now time to take another survey of the scene, I went on deck. On looking over the larboard bulwark rail, the first thing I saw was a ship, abput two miles off. She was on the larboard tack, under courses, topsail, and main-topgallant sail, heading as if to cross my bows. The sunshine made her canvas look as white as snow against the skirts of the "body of vapour that had trailed a little to leeward of her, and her black hull flashed as though, she dis charged a broadside every time she rose wot to the northern glory out of the hollow of the swell with a curl of silver at her cut water. My heart came into my throut ; I seemed not to breathe ; not to have saved my life could I have uttered a cry, so amazed and transported was I by this unexpected appari tion. I stared like one in a dream, and my head felt as if all the blood in my body bad surged into it. But then, all on a suddon, there happened a revulsion of feeling. Sup pose she should prove a privateer — a French war- vessel — of a nation hostile to my own ? Thought so wrought in me that I trembled like an idiot in a fright. The telescope was too weak to resolve her, I could do better with my eyes ; and I stood at the bulwarks gazing and gazing as if she were the spectre ship of the Scandinavian legend. There were flags below, and I could have hoisted a signal of distress ; hut to what purpose If the appearance of the schooner did not sufficiently illustrate her condition, there was certainly no virtue in the language and declarations of bunting to exceed her own mute assurance. I watched her with a passion of anxiety, never doubting her inten tion to speak to me, at all events to draw close and look at me, .wholly concerning myself with her character. The swell made us both dance, and tlie blue brows of the rollers would often hide her to the height of her rails ; hut we were closing each other middling fast, she travelling at seven and I at four miles in the hour, and presently I could see that she carried a number of boats. A whaler, thought I ; and after a little I was sure of it by perceiving the rings over lier topgallant rigging for tho look-out to stand in. On being convinced of this, I ran below for a sliawl that was in my cabin, and, jumping on to the bulwarks, stood flourish ing it for some minutes to let them know that there was a man aboard. She luffed to deaden her way, that I might swim close, and as we approached each other I observed a crowd of heads forward looking at me, and several men aft, all staring intently. A man scrambled on the rail, and with an arm clasping a backstay, hailed mo : 'Schooner ahoy!' he bawled, with a strong nasal twang in his cry. ' "What ship's that ?' ' The Boca del Dragon,' I shouted back. 4 "Where are you from, and where aro you bound to ?' ' I have been locked up in the iec,' I cried, 4 and am in want of help. What ship are your' , ' The Susan Tucker, whaler, of Hew Bedford, twenty-seven months out,' lie returned. ' "Where in creation got you that hooker ?' ' I'm the only man aboard,' I cried, ' and have no boat. Send to me, in the name of God, and let the master oomc He waved his hand, bawling, ' Put your helm down — you're forging ahead !' and. so saying, dismounted. I immediately east the tiller adrift, put it hard over, and secured it, then jumped on to the bulwarks again to watcli them. She was Yankee beyond doubt ; I had rather met my own countrymen ; but, next to a British, I would have chosen an American ship to meet-. Somehow, despite the Frenchman, I felt to have been alone throughout my adventure ; and so sore was the effect of that solitude upon my spirits that it seemed twenty years since I had- seen a ship, and since I had held commune with my own species. I was terribly agitated, and shook in every limb. Life must have been precious always : but never before had it appeared so precious as now, whilst I gazed at that homely ship, with her main topsail to the mast, swinging stately upon the swell, the faces of the seamen plain, tlie smoke of her galley-fire breaking from the chimney, the soimds of creaking blocks and groaning parrels stealing from her. Such a fountain of joy broke out of my heart that my whole being was flooded with it, and had that mood lasted I believe I should have exposed the treasure in the run, and invited all the men of the whaler to share in it with me. They stared fixedly; litt-lo wonder that they should he astounded by such an appearance as my ship exhibited. One of the several boats which hung at her davits was lowered, the oars flashed, and presently she was near . enough to be hit with a biscuit ; but when there the master, as I supposed him to be, who was steering, sung out, ' 'Vast rowing !' the boat came to a stand, and her people to a man stared at me with their chins upon their shoulders as if I had boon a fiend. It was plain as a pikestaff that they were frightened, and that tlie superstitious "of the forecastle were hard at work in them whilst they viewed me. They looked a queer company; two were negroes, tlie others pale- faced bearded men, wrapped up in clothes to the aspect of scarecrows. The fellow who steered had a face as long as a wet hammock, and it was lengthened yet to the eye by a beard like a goat's hanging at the extremify of his chin. _ He stood up — a tall, lank figure, with legs like a pair of compasses — and hailed me afresh, but the high swell, regular as the swing of a pendulum, .interposed its brow between him and me, so that at one moment he was a sharply-lined figure against the sky of the horizon, and the next he and his boat and crew were sheer gone ont of sight, aud this made an exchange of sentences slow and troublesome. ' Say, master,' he sung out, ' what , d'ye say the schooner's name is I' 4 The Boca del Dragon,1 I replied. 'And wlio are you, matey 1' 'An English sailor who has been east away on an island of ice,' I answered, talking very shortly that the replies might follow the questions before the swell sank him. ' Ay, ay,' says lie, ' that's very well ; but when was you cast away, bully ?' .T. gave him the date. ' That's not a month ago,' cried he. ' It's long enough, whatever the time,' said Here the crew fell a-talking, turning from one another to stare at me, .and the negroes' eyes showed as big as saucers in the dismay of their regard. ' See, here, master,' sung out the long man,: 'if you han't been cast away more than a month, how come you clothed as men went dressed a century sin,' hey?' The reasons of their misgivings flashed upon me. It was not so much tho schooner as my appearance. The truth was, my clothes having been wetted, I liad ever since been wearing sucli thick garments as I met with in the cabin, keeping my legs warm witb jackboots, and I had been so used to the garb that I forgot I had it on. Yon will judge, then, that I must have presented a figure very nicely calculated to excite the wonder and apprehension of a body of men whoso super stitious instincts were already sufficiently fluttered by the appearance of tho schooner, when I tell you that, in addition to the jack boots, and a gxf at fur cap, my costume was formed of a red ylush waistcoat laced "with silver, purple breeches, a coat of frieze with yellow braiding and huge cuffs, and tho cloak that I had taken from the body of Mendoza. 'Captain,1 cried I, 'if so be you are the captain, in the name of God anil humanity come aboard, sir.' Here I had to wait till ho reappeared. 4 My story is an extra ordinary one. You have nothing to fear. I am a plain English sailor ; my ship was tho Laughing Mary, bound in ballast from Callao to the Cape.' Here I had to wait again. 4 Pray, sir, come aboard. There is nothing to fear. I am alone — in grievous distress, and in want of help. Pray come, sir !' There was so little of the goblin in this appeal that it resolved him. The crew hung in the wind, but he addressed them .peremptorily. I heard him damn them for a set of curs, and tell them that if they put him aboard they might lie off till he was ready to return, where they would be safe, as the devil could not swim ; and presently they buckled to their oars again and the boat came along side. The long man, watching his chance, sprang with great agility into the chains, and stepped on deck. I ran up to liim and seized liis hand with both mine. ' Sir,' cried I, speaking with difficulty, so great was the tumult of my spirits and tlie joy and gratitude that swelled my heart, 4 I thank you a thousand times over for this visit. I am in the most helpless condition that can be imagined, I. am not astonished that you should have been startled by the appearance of this vessel and by the figure I make in these clothes, but sir, you will be much more amazed wlicu you have heard my story.' He eyed mo steadfastly, examining me very earnestly from my boots to my cap, and then cast a glance around him before he made any reply to my address. He had the gauutuess, sallowness of complexion, and delibcruteness of maimer peculiar to the people of New England. And though lie was a very ugly, lank, uncouth man, I protest he was as fair in my sight as if he had been the am brosial angel described by Milton. \- ' "Well, cook my gizzard,' he exclaimed presently, through his nose, imd after another good look at mc and along the decks and up aloft, 4 if this ain't mi-raculous, tew. Durned if we didn't take this hooker for some ghost ship riz from.the sea, in charge of a merman rigged out to' fit her age. Y' arc all alone, air you ' AH alone,' said I. 4 Broach mc every barrel aboard if ever I see sicli a vessel,' lie cried, his astonishment rising with the searching glances he directed aloft and alow. ' How old he she ?' 4 She was cast away in seventeen hundred and fifty-three,' said I. . ' "Well, I'm durned. She's froze hard, sirrce : I reckon she'll want a hot sun to thaw lier. Split me- mister, if she ain't worth sailing home as a show-box.' I interrupted his ejaculations by asking him to step below, whore we could sit warm whilst I related my story, and I asked him to invite liis boat's crew ' into the cabin that I might regale them with a howl of such liquor as I ventured to say had never passed their lips in this life. On this he went to the side, and, hailing the men, ordered all hut one to step aboard and drink to the health of the lonesome sailor they had come across. The word ' drink' acted like a charm; they in stantly hauled upon the painter and brought the boat to the chains and tumbled over the side, one of the negroes remaining in her. Tliey fell together in a body, and surveyed me and the ship with a hundred marks of astonishment. ' My lads' said I, 4 my rig is a strange one, hut I'll explain all shortly. The clothes I was cast away in are below, and I'll show you them. I'm not spectre, but as real as you ; though I have gone through so much that, if I am not a ghost, it is no fault of old ocean, hut owing to the mercy of God. My name is Paul Iloduey, and I'm a native of London. You, sir,' says I, addressing the long man, 'are, I presumet he master of tlie Susan Tucker/ ' 'At your sarvice — Josiah Tucker is iny nanie, and that ship is my wife Susan. 4 Captain Tucker, and you, men, will you please step below, says I. The weather promises fair" ; I- have much to tell, and there is : that in tlie cabin which will give you patience to hear me.' I descended the companion-Etuix-a, aud they all followed, making the interior that had been so long silent, ring with their heavy tread, whilst from time to time a gruff, hoarse whisper broke from one of them. But super stition lay strong upon their imagination, and they were awed and quiet. The daylight came down the hatch, hut for all that the cabin was darksome. I waited till the last man had entered, and then said, ' Before we settle down to a bowl and a yarn, captain, I should like to show you this ship. It'll savc.iuc a deal of descrip tion and explanation, if you will be pleased to take a view.' 4 Lead on, mister,' said lie ; 4 but we . shall have to snap our eyelids and raise fire in that way, for durned if I, for one, can see in the dark.' . I fetched three or four lantliorus, and lighting the caudles, distributed them among the men, and then, in a procession,, headed by the captain and mc, we made the rounds. I had half -cleared tlie arms-room, but there were weapons enough left, aud .they stared at them like yokels in a booth. I showed them the cook-house and the forecastle, whore the deck was still littered with clothes, and chests, and hammocks ; and, after carry ing them aft to the cabins, gave them a sight of the hold. I never saw men more amazed. They filled the vessel with their exclama tions. They never offered to touch any thing, being too much awed, hut stepped about with their heads uncovered, as quietly as they could, as though they had been in a cr vpt, and the influence of strange and terrifying memorials was upon tliem. I also showed them tlie clothes I had come away from the Laughing Mary in ; and, that I might submit such an aspect to them as should touch their sympathies, I whipped off the cloak and put on my own pilot-cloth coat. There being nothing more to see, I led tliem to the cook-room, aud there brewed a great hcarfy bowl of brundy- puncli, which I seasoned with lemon, sugar, "and spices, into as relishable a draught as my knowledge in that way could compass, aud, giving every man a pannikin, bade him dip aad welcome, myself first drinking to them with a brief speech, yet not so brief but that I broke down towards the close of it, and ended with a dry sob or two. They would have been unworthy their country and their calling not to have been touched by my natural manifestation of emotion ; besides, the brandy was an incom parably fine spirit,. and the very perfume of the steaming bowl was sufficient to stimulate tbe-kindly qualities of sailors who had been locked up for months in a greasy old ship, with no diviner smells about" than tlie stink of the try-ivorks.' Tlie captain, standing up, called upon his men to drink to me, promising mc that he was very glad to have fallen in with my schooner, and then, looking at the others, made a sign, whcrcupon"they all fixed their eyes upon mo and drank as one man, everyone emptying his pot aud inverting it as a proof, and fetching a rousing sigh of satisfaction. (to be continued.) 