TUE NEW INCUJIBENT OF ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. The Kov. Dr. Green proachod for tho first time, as incumbent oE St. Paul's Church, yestorday morning, in the pre sence of a largo congregation. lio chose for his text Joshua m-7—" And tho Lord said unto Joshua, As I was with Moses, so I will be with thee." Tho prenchor | dealt with the character of Joshua as strongly marked by the best soldierly trails, but sharing with his ago tho igno rance thaL tho noblest form of earnestness is (hat which is wedded to gentleness. The preliminary incidents, however, of j Joshua's career as leader, were intended to teach us that God's cause was more pre cious than tho possession of personal courago or skilful generalship. After dwelling on tho critical nature of tho period, at which Israel realised that Moses was lost to thorn, Dr. Green showed that tho narrative omphatically Bet before us tho fact that there was no break in tho divine leadership of God's chosen people. Tho human agent might indeed bo with drawn, and anothor take his placo ; ] but as with Israel then, so in tho life of nations, and in tho lifo of tho Church now, God does not chango and Jesus Christ is " tho same yesterday, and to-day aud for ever.*' The preacher then proceeded to mako a special application of his text, and said:— " 1 cannot but rejoice that the Churches' orderod round should bring tliepo thoughts '■ so fittingly before us this Sunday. The | place that I am called to fill is one which i has indeed been filled, to use Koblo's words by a ' shepherd true.' It is not too much to say that the parish of St. Paul's, Geolong for its unity, organisa tion, churchmauship, aud spiritual lifo has its' praise in all tho churches.' There is not hero the same work of creating, of organising and of building, which in past years has fallen to my lot. But there is another, and if poasiblo a more respon sible work, and that is to keep up and | carry on good work begun. It is this which (aB God may givo me wisdom and strength) I shall strive to do. Of course it would be impossible that any two mon should, in all minuliat. exactly reproduce each other. It would indeed be undesir able that this should be tho case, for ' God fulfils Himself in many ways,' and it iB the special glory of our Ohuroh that she is broad and freo as is the truth ] of Christ itself. There aro ' diversities of workiugs, but the same God who worketh all things in ali.' But whilo such diversi ties aro natural and proper, there_ is nothing more injurious to a congregation than a sorious or completo break of continuity. It is my hope and prayer that you will not know this break, and that the one great divine Book, as it has been undorstood by the one body of Christ's Church Catholic, through the indwelling of the one spirit, shall still, as in years past, bo so set forth as to give food and drink to those who hunger and thirst after righteousness, and that the Sacraments of the Gospel Bhall still be rightly and duly administered to tho new lifo, or to tho sustenance of God's people." After asking the congregation for their prayers and sympathy in his work, Dr. Green concluded thu3 :—"My brethren, if the work of Moses and of J oshua was a | noble work, because it was the formation and tho establishment of a new nation, how splendid a work must bo tho building up of the Church of Christ in this young country. Oh 1 that whilo Australian lifo is fresh, plastic, elastic, there may nover bo wanting faithful pastors aud faithful congregations to bear witness in this southern land to the undying power of the Cross of Christ. To build aright to-day ; to form on true lines to-day ; to plant firmly tho Faith of God, tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, now, while we may, in the heart and in tho daily lifo of these Australian communities. Oh ! may wo not humbly and reverentially Bay that this is to do good work for God, that this is to hand down to the 'genera tions that aro yet for to como,' tho most priceless of our many ancestral heirlooms. And if God give us grace hero, working shoulder to shoulder, and side by side, to bear such witness for Him, well may we say, when our hour has come and our work is dono, ' Lord, now resteth Thou Thy servant depart in peaco, for mino eyes have soon Thy salvation.'" 