To-Morrow—A Tragedy . (Concluded.) . Panl rushed forward. Lucy had fallen on the floor in a dead faint, her white face up turned, tho holly still in her hand. " Could she have Uaard what we were say- ing outside I" Paul exclaimed in dismay, as ho knelt by her Bide. " I thought we ppoka quite low," said bis brother, almost equally aghast, hiij faeepalo and perturbed. " Tommy, run and fetch your mother ?" They left Lucy in Mrs. Norton's care, Paul only being induced to acoompany hia brother by his sister- in-law's repeated assurances that it was only a fainting fit, whioh ehe knew per tectly well how to manage. . . Mr. Norton's startling.tale was time. There on tho borders of the wood, partly sareened by the bashes, the body of the stranger whoE> had presented himself as Mr. Bctesford at Hazelmead the day previous lay, stark and frozen,among tbe long, frosty grass. He had t)sen shot through tbe he.irt, and on search being made, 6 pistol wan found a few yards off—a pocket derringer, small enough to ba concealed in a lady's hand, but carrying the deadly, largo conical ball. Was this awful deed suicide or murder? There was no sign of astrugglo, norevidenca apparent on a cursory examination to tell the talp. Mr. Norton notified tho police, and ca their arrival the body was conveyed to Oteof tho outhou?es, to await the inquest. No letters bearing any address or giving any due to the deceased's family or residence were found upon him. Inquiries made at the "Tiger," tho nearoat inn to Hazelaead, elicited that the doceaced had arrived there on foot tho day before, had partaken of refresh ment, asked tho way .to Mr. Norton's and said he would return to tho inn to eleep ; but . meanwhile before tbis 'information reached Hazelruead, Paul Norton had returned to tho hocse. " Is Miss Lioy bolter ?" was his first eager injury. _ ?? On, yes," replied Mrr. Norton ; " it waa juot a faint. Sho says she was feeling very ill this morning, as, indeed, any one could eeo ; and she was startled, and afraid there was something wrong when Hal.called you out of the room. She is-muoh bettor now, ? ,pnd is Ij ing on the dioing-room sofa.". Paul went to Luoy and bent over her with tendsrest inquiries and expressions of regretful foar that fiis overheard conversation with hia brother had given her a shook. " 1 nc-Ter thoaght you'd hear us," ho said, doprooatiugly. " I am rorry I fainted and frightened you all," ahe murmured. V But ivomfnaro'weak ijr.atures,. jou know," and her lipi quivered suddenly int3 a strange smilp, a pa!o gleam o! ghnstly miith. ?'Yes, we who are etrong mnst b'e careful , of yon tenderer plants ; it, ii our place to gtiErd ar.d vhieiii jou. Luoy, how I wonld prizothc ptivili-go of cheriEhing you if you would give it to mo 1 I love you oven mora when you era pile andilltbanln health and brifihtno?F." . , ? " la this a time to talk of love when death is so no?r V "Love is no child's play ; it is ono of tbe earnest things of lifo—as truo and real as dteath itself," he rejoined, gravely. '? Who taught you that " Yon !—it was you who have taught me what 10v315." ? Sho fixoa her large gray eyes on him with a wild, despairing gaze. " I v. older wonld you forget mo if I wera goie a* ay "forever ?" P ul's protestations wore out short by Mrs. Norton'aappe&ranoe; with'a cup of strong tei for Lucy. ?? That cvoning, as Lucy sat with Mrs. and" Mis' Norton and Paul in the parlor, there was a ring at the hall door, and on its being opened, a strange voice was audible in col lcquy with tho cervant —a'man's voice, rather iow, with a peculiar resonant quality in its tone, ' Luoy glanced up. with a violent start. Mrs. Norton listened a rnomont, then went to' the door, and oalled : ; " What is it, Sarah ?" " A gentleman from London wants to speak to the master, ma'am. I've shown him into ths diningroom," Mr. Norton Went out. Paui looked at Lucy..-; '?. " How you tremble !, You nro fcoling worse ? 'he aeked. ;? '? ? "I'm nervous; tho 'legist'tttiag startles ine," she answered. " You are ill, I am sure ; won't yoa go up etairs and lio down I' ho urged. . < 1- think I will," ehe murmured. " Lot me help you,'.'ha said, eagerly " lean on me." Jane Norton refrained from pressing her services, and left Paul to lend Luoy hia arm up tho etairs—a suppovi not fio ncoeosary perhaps ai he thought it. Luiy did not speak until she roaohed her own door; then (shoeiud in a hollow voica : " Thank you—you aro very kind to me— always. I don't think I'll come down stairs again to-night." ' ' ; "No—don't; wo Bball oil rains you—but try to Bleep," he said, tenderly. ,< When Paul went down stairs, his with a lighted lantern, was taking the visitor out by the back door." " They've gone to see tho body," said Mrs. NortoD, with the grave and awc- Btrieken ex pression which seemed unnatural on her fair iro?b, comely face. , " Who is it ? ' aoked Paul. ' "'llis namo is Dashwood —and, Paul," lowering her voice, " he'd a policeman in plain clothes from Scotland 'Said," "From Sootland Yard? Why, surely there ia no timo for them to have got a fel low down from there already, even il thoy telegraphed ou the instsrjt." CllA " No , it Beemu be hasn't came about this bueinesn; bo didn't know ot cbo death. As I at an I can nuke out ho camo on somo errand about this very Mr. Ihroslord; who,- I it appears, isn't MS. Bsrpstord at- all I Ob, I dear I it lUftUeV ? m> bead whirl to tbink ot I i And bo asked übout our household; and t Paul, wcma'ctirious about Tiucy—Rflked what | our fcovcrnais'trname wan,and how 4ang Bbe'd t beeu with u?i&ad; seemed to wish to see her. I fear we are getting tangled up in some mystery, Paul." '..-': "Somo dreadful marc's nest," he rejoined, abruptly,hatJwincing. "Itis o detective's bnriness to find mares' nests. Of course they mako enquiries about all tbe members ot a household when a tragedy liko this hap pens. Bat Lucy is too ill to be troubled to night; it would bo simply cruel to disturb ber. She wants rest; Fanny, you kind soul, let ber have it." " I'd bo tbe lost one to worry her. No doubt it is a policeman's duty to ask all sorts ot questions; but this is a dreadful affair 1" And Mrs. Norton began to weep. : She went up to see the invalid presently; and returning aoaured Paul that sue hadn't he?n worrying her at all—only bathing her forehead and talking to her, and telling ber to go to bed. Excited and disturbed, they kept late hours at Hazelmead that night. Paul was tbo last to go to b's room. He tried to tread lightly as he passed the room wherein he imagined Luoy was sleeping; but bis tiptoeing was wasted care, for as ho reached her door it opened softly, aa it she had been watching for him. Btio stood on the threshold, still in her gray uict, ber hair disordered, and her eyes dilated with'a fired intensity. of gaze. "'"''.. " I hoped you wero asleep," ho enid, lobfc iog, at her with tender surprise and anxiety. '-.''?>. " I ehall Eojn be. But I thought I would aoy good-night to you, Paul." ~-' " My darling 1" he whispered, and fondly and reverently kissed her,, "Go to deep, love, don't fret about anything, ft there is anything to troublo you, we'll talk it over to morrow. I'll not keep you now." " Good- night," sho said, softly. "You have all been vc/y kind to mo. You shall know what my troublo is to-morrow." " Good-night, my darling; Bleep well," be Daid. A strange emile lit up her face. " Yes, I shall sleep well," she replied. Tho eilenoa of night rested like a pall on Hazelmead, Most of the Ncrtons, weary with the excitement of tho day .slept eonndly, but Pool was reetlese. Towards daybreak, break, however, ho fell into a deep Blumber, from which be was aroused by a sudden con sciousness of some undefined horror and dread, which resolved itself into a sound of hysterical sobbing somewhere—a. muffled murmur of horrified voices. Paul sprang up and dressed. Wnat new calamity had hap pened? Ho - beard the words, "Keep the children ia their rooms, and send for the doctor," and—what was that bis brother answered 7 " Tbo doctor can bo of no use here 1 ' Hero —where ? Paul rushed but into the corridor; a moment took him to Lucy's room, Mrs. Norton started at eight of him, and instinctively stretohed her arms ncrosa the door ob if to keep him back. His brother, palo and horror-stricken, stood by Luoy's bed. " What is it ?" cried Paul, hoarsely. Mrs. Norton could only answer by a sob. He broko past her like a madman; berushed to Lucy's side, looked down on her as she lay, white and rigid—the marble stillness, tho livid hues ot death on her face. One glauco was enough; it was too truo that no doctor could'bo of any use here. Lite bad been ex tinct for hours. A small phial, empty, unlabellod, was found und-ir tho pillow; the table writing materials were scattered about na if lately used, and.among them lay a letter, tbo direction uppermost po aa to oatob tho eye. It was addressed to Paul, and there, standing by his dead love's Bide, he read ber last words, " I told you that yon should'know all about mi to-morrow. So you will—no doubt of that. Tho bounds will tell you all when they find that I bavo escnped them. I am hunted down at last. There is only ono refuge left mc, nnd they will not follow mo there. I feci aa if I had always kuown this hour would come; and I bave kopfc smoothing ready for it, as you will fiad to- morrow. I heard JD&eh; wood's voice, and when he sees my face he will tell you who I am; and ha will guess what you have not suspeotcd—that it was I who shot the man you saw as Bereeford. Ho insulted and threatened, mo; I haa my little American pistol with mc, and 1 ehot him. Oti, Paul, havo Borne mercy on my roomory I Don't think mo bad! You wouldn't if you only knew tho martyrdom iv whioh 1 have ex piated my past—the hope 3 I bad of a better life 1 Aud thi? last deed is no crime. I have rid the world ot ono not fit to live. He had no mercy on mc, and I bad none lor him. He v.-oq tbo cures of my life from first to last. 1 owe him worse than death tor the wreck and ruin ho made of mc. "Believe the worst thoy tell you of mo—ex cept ono thing. Of- tbe worst crime laid to .my charge 1 am innocent. Of the murder in whioh I wa? nonaged of complicity four yenrs 'ago I am as innooent as little Amy; but who would believe it of a woman who has led my life 1 I was acquitted, but few really j thought mo innocent I I say again that I am i nnooent of that. You've teen the obildreu with mc. Don't you think their white souls would bave felt it, if that had been true? My bands were oloan of blood-guiltiness—until I last night. j " I couldn't bear the children to be near mo to-day-it.ecemod acrango they didn't shrink away. I know I (hall see thru again. . I might have brazened this out as I havo other crises nearly as bad, but since I've known you I havo been obanged. 1 bave felt as I need to foel when I was an innocent girl. I might have been a good woman it I'd known you earlier, and had your lovo to lean upon. ' ' "Asit is you havo hid a lucky escape; still, a better woman could not love you more than I do. "Now, good-by. Try to forgive and for get mc. 1 nover would have wronged yoo, but you aie well rid 'of mc. Do not think ot mo as Lydia Walbrookl I left that bated name, that e.ccurecd life behind whoa I came here. Think of moi only as the woman who loved you better than the life she ii glad toleavo—nevermore Lydia I only your lost " Lvcr.' 1 . - ' ? t ? i ? ? , Years passed away. At llazejincid Paul's paintiog-rojm was shut up; tho dust gath ered on tho deserted easel and old portfolios, and ou the one picture which remained there, with its face turned to tbo .wall. Home bad beon Bweet to him once, but now it was homo no more. When he wbb there, the bitter [ waters ot memory went over; him j ho could not bear the associations thai filled tho place. Every corner was haunted by tho image ot the woman be had thought co good and pure, who was a sin stained waif and' Btray; notorious —for it was but a lew years ainoa the name ot Lydia Walbrook had been on overy maud lips in a yet unforgotten criminal case. He never spoke ol tho blow that crushed his heart, but the mainspring of his life waa broken. All hia r asjooiatea found him o changed.mar.. His few intimates said among themselves that Norton had under gone somo terrible experience, and would never'be the eamo ogam, He tried to devote himself to bia art, but his nature was too emotional for art and ambition to fill she place a£ love. Suoceas was as Diad Szu fruit to him ; and against failure, when it came, he bad no taliemun of home love and faith to comfort him. Ha hnd sent his hopi>#, bie I foitb, bis very heart of l.le, to soa iii ons 1 frail vessel that had gone, down with all on board. And co yenrjt rolled away, nnd at last illness Btruok him down; his fAiling ! band Ijad to lay the brush aside ; and thee, '; I woik and lonely, he thought of the old boms BD d of his early days; then the- memories of old overflowed in the bitterness . ?f the later past; and then bo went back to' ' . Hazelmead,as thoy besought him to return"'?;? and be cared for by bis own people—went?-' ?' back, as (.boy all saw, never to leave it more. B. It wos his fancy to have his old den arranged , as his sleeping-room. Ab he gave'in'atrcb- T; tions for the moving of tho furniture, hi*'.: eye dwelt on tbo pioture leaning with its face -U to the wall, just as be had tamed it years.'::', ago when be went away. ?,.;:;' "_L9avo it," ho said.'..'.." Don't touch-' it; ?''?' '.. let it be as it has been I" So, in that room, Sited with Bad memories, he lay and waited-?? for death ; and who shall: Bay what ghosts haunted bim 1 Were they all dark shadows-/: of tho tragedy and horror of the past?—or ,; did softer visions mingle With them, of tho'!,"; tender dreams and golden hopes that once : ;". were his ?—did ho rcoall the sweet hours he>: bad passed hore before tbo, black, and .bitter- :??.' seas went over hia boul 7,>.,;-.. ?Often he Jay; and gazed at the bo'rner wherein the enframed canvas leaned against the wall, the dust gathering on the face that '- was; turned away—biddenr-yet noj as the:- faos, whose silent imago it was, w.as.hidden in the grave mould, beneath tub coffin-1id..,, And one day, when' all knew the. end must:'' be near, he pointed to. tho picture -.and '??' said: ?. ? ';'-, ?;. .????; -}??>:?! '-?':> i " Turn it—sat it werol osn see her." ...??.;? . And his sister turned it, and swept away.'., the veiling dust, and ho saw again the sweet :.': pale face, in its frame* of golden hair.tbo - lips of soft and subtle ourye, the dte&ray.gj;£a J, that told no tale of tragedy,for his handVy*.; not pqurtrayed, because his eye had' noi\ * 6 ""-'' ogniscd.tbe black shadow of ber life. '?","-- \---: And gazing at the portrait, bis lips were' 3 unsealed, and ho talked of her as he had dona for years—Bpoke, not of her sins and suf ferings, but recalling trivial incidents and '.. memories of their happy daysi That: night, ' as they watohod by him, they knew his days wero numbered. He had sank into an nn-,-. consciousness tbat was rather stupor than sleep. At dawn he stirred, opened uiseyes, , and bade them draw up tbe curtains and let in the light. The chilly light of early morn ing Ml on the portrait. He raised himself, ? supported in his brother's arms, and with:a ..:"?' strange, wild fixity, his eyes grew to the pio ture his hand bad painted. Ho spoke in c . voioa to which tbo old ring of strength seemed nmgioally restored. '-? .'^?.?"? "Where am I going—and where-is ahel List —lost—where are the lest eoujs ?" , . "Paul—Paul!"' bis brother replied, witt .' solemn emotion, "it is not for" lis tb'jeny.''" Tbe meroy of God is infinite I",--' \' ; '"'?' The dews of death wore on Paul Norton!i ..-.-/ brow, bis voioe grew hoarse and hollow, at,,? be asked with terrible earnestness: j "Is my poor love.lost 7 No; no—it cannot . be. Somewhere we shall mast. Bhe said-i-EO: ? , - morrow." Then eudelenly eyjs his lit up with ;? aflash of wild and rapturous recognition as ?.--. he exclaimed:'' Not lost!—not lost J " Ah, : '.'. Bie I she smiles I Ye?, to-norrow, Lucy, to- - morrow!" . ??' ?;? ??:??-.?? .-> Thot look of strongej unearthly rapture.;? was on bis faco as he died; and,;was it . only his delusion or did Lioy 'Bmile in- ' deed? , ???'?' '"' '"'.'?' 