CARDINAL A7oltANIN LAUN CEST'ON. MasBsR AT Tu1 COURCX OW Tni APOSTLES. • At eight o'clock ye.sterday morning UImss was o.lebratod at the Choure h of the Apostles by his Eminence Cardinal Moran, ArchLbihop of Sydney. assisted by Dr. O'ITaran. The Chirch woas crowded, and his Emiuoucenmeiuistuered holycom.anuuion to a large number of participants. At II o'clock Potltificial High Mass was celebrated by the most Rev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of l:ratlto, New South Wales, assisted by the 1Rev. '1'. Kelsh as deaeon, and Ro.. J. Murphy as sub-deacon, the very R1ev. Dean Beechinor, and Dr. O' [aran who naled as master of ceremouniee. Ilis Isminelco Cardinal Moran prsidelod irn Cappsa MJagln, or in his roles of hlgh ollice. iOn the right of the Cardinal was seated Dr. Murphy, Archbishop of Hobart, and on his left Archbishop Reynolds of Adelaide, and the Bishops of Goulbourne and Grafton (Drs. Doyle and Lanigan). The Rev. Father Sturzo, S.J5, also occupied a place on the altar. The guards of the League of the Cross preceded the Cardinal into the church and remained on duty throughout the ceremony. The church was again crowded, many being unable to get seating accosammodation. Th- choir under the eflicient oouducto~rsip of Mr. T. H. Boaworth, rondered Mozart's 12th Mass in an excellent mannur. The "0 Salutaris ' was well given by Mr. J. Spreadborough, this number being substituted for the " Ilone dietus." Mrs. J, Anderson eanlr for the offertory Millard's "Ave Maria," and was heard to especial advantage. lu fact, the singing of thile choir throughout was ex ceedingly creditable to all concerned. LAYING OP 'THE TOW\E FOINDATION STOSNE. At three o'clock in the afternoon Cardinal Moran and suite attended at the Church of the Apostles for the purpose of participating in the ceremony of the laying of the foundation stone of thl pro posed neow tower to be constructed in con nection with that building. A platform was ereted immediately outside the main entrance to the church, facing oil Eliza both street, and the stone was placed immediately adjacent. Thller was an ununually large number of spectatoru present, it being estimated that nearly 8000 persons attended in tile grounds, aInd filled that portion of Margaret-street in the vicinity of the scene of operations. The rifle band, under the conductorship of Mr. G. larrison, occupied aa platform on the ground, and performed selections of sacrsed music during tile afteruaon. Tile Cardinal and suite, preceded by the Children of Mary and tile League of tile Cross guards, arrived on the scene at three o'clock010, and the ceremony of tile laying of the founda tion stone was then performed by his Eminence. Prior to the stone being placed in position the usual number of coin of the realm, besides copies of tile Launeslton Examiner and Daily Telegraph, were buried underneath. At the conclusion of the cere mony Cardinal Moran delivered an eloullont and powerful address from the text, "rAnd Jesus coming alpoke to them, saying, ail power is given to Mle in Hleaven and earth. Go, tlerefore, teach ye nll nations, bnp tising them in the name of the Fathier, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things what soever I have commanded you. And, be hold I am1 with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." Msarvellous (his Eminence stated) was the mission given by Christ to the apostles, and the words lie uttered were to g'sard thla against despondency in carrying out ithe task before them. ie lrgave them tile power that was His, and the right lhanl of Him whro had created the firelument on high, and in whom all nature wao vested, was stretched forth to aid thllu in their mission to the world. It was only a divine power that could have sent those poor fishermen of Galilee to gather into the fold sall tile nations of the earth. They were cent forth as the heralds of Divine truth, anud to make all nations disciples of God. In every country of the earth, from the north to tile south, front the east to the wenst, thiose lissiollari were to preacll, drawing tile people to wards the Kingdom of God. They were to give to thllem the tcrtamcents, thus causing the steams of Divio la orcy to flow aid maie glad the hearts of the children of the Orrator to tile end of time. It ?eas not their mission to preach a theory which in timoe would pass away, but they wore deputed to send forth the seeds of a glorious truth which would remain for ever unchanged. Our Divine Lord told his disciplesl to go forth, saying unto them " I am with yon all days," mleaing lie was with them as the spirit'of tihe truth, whicil was to abide with thelm always, that spirit was with them to the plresent day, and would always continue to be eo in tile beloved sacrifice of the mass. That sacri fico whichl was given for tihe Ilhonuo aud glory of God, and which brougl:t down innumerable blessings on his children. There was another meaning attached to the wolds " I am with youll." It way a plfpdgo from IlHeaven that the mission giesl from God would not prove fruitless. When Moses was conlmanded to go before Pharoyh anod demusl d that tile Childrep of lassel should go forth froul bondage, ihe was strengthened by the salme words, which served as a divine guarantoee that his task would be successful, and he would ultimately hbe enabled to lead the trlbps to a land of safety. Then when Joslhua was told to cross the River Jordan and combat tile vast armies of God's enemies, again were such words uttered and once more the result of his mission proved that the promise of the Creator had not been made in vain. Gideon also suc cessfully combated the Philistines fortified by the pledge of God. Again in the case of the disciples, they were told to go forth and make all fations omembers of the ono fold, and to distribute amonogst them the blessingof God. The divine promise told them their mission would be crowned with success, and so it was, for they had all seen how that mission had proved most, fruitful, both in the sight of ]Ieaven and earth. Though the Apostles had been sent forth from God, still there wereto be foes marshalled against them, but in regard to the true Church all their opposition hIlad come to naught. Such oplpoasition had in reality only servedto mark out tile one true Churchfoundedby God. During the firtfew years of the Chlristian era thie lomans insti tuted a oroe sof persecutions, but tile more martyr blood was spilled tlhe more the faith of Chlrist fructified and thle richler proved the harvest that rejoiced the heart of the Church of God. Thlen lheresies arose and cndeavoured to destroy the teachlings of tihe chluroh, but still tlhese only served to mark out thebo one true church whichllel was destined to Ihandl down the truth from time to time. It was like some grand tree, watered by the love of God, and which spread out its branches for the protection and edification of the faithful of Christ. They might trace here and thlere a branch torn away by the storms of persecution, but which laid on the ground and witliersd away. Then again tlhey mighlt notice another branch broken from thle parent stem by the storr of hIleresy, but which laid to the left in its own corruption. In tle first part of the filth century a poor slave was carried away into hon0lge in Ireland, but it aftilrwards transplired he wasensat there by Providence to learn the languago of the people he lwas destined toi reform. In after years he went to the same place in thle interlests of tlhe faith, and I for a long timuelTrelood recame the fielsi of han labours. T'Ille fruits of thie blesedi mission of St. Patrick opreadl over the length and breadthll of tla. island, andd Its people were gathered into thile fold. Thero was no Church in Chrisleldom so firmly moored to the rock of St. leter as was the Church of Ireland. There was scarcely a hill or valley throughout the land whereon monnstries or ehurchls did not arise, and Ireland sent forth her 0aiission, aries all over the continent of Europe, proaching to'and civilising what were then barbarian nations. A shae was the landof saints, so was she also the land of missionary heroes. MIissions were founded by her at Iona, the centre of the faith for Caledonia, also in Italy, and along tilhe banks of the Rhone and Danube. Iri thete and otllhoer places monastrien sprang pp, while the savages of the nortaher world became moulded into civilised and enlightened people of Christendom. a relandl weeaalso destined to show the mark of the martyr upon her brow. for her Church had been one of martyrs, sain's. and heroes' That Church had semained through all her troubles faitlaful to the rock of Peter, and a strong opponent to all forms of heresy. He (Cardinal Moran) wished those present that day to realise the importanco of the mission entrusted to them to carry. out. anuy of thu had conime from Ireland, or weore the children of those numbers of whom h!ad sacriic:ed country and even life itself for the sake of their faith. They should in the land of their alopticn seek to nm ointe the deeds of the pact, and firmly uphold the doetrines of the Church. The day would come when Australia also would send her missionaries forth to extend the faith. The tree of that faith was planted firmly on Australian soil, and its roots would extend from time to time nhd take a firmer hold than ever. In regard to the ceremony they were present that clay to take part in, he would remind them it was just 50 year siamle 1ather Terry had dedi cated the first church in uluhaeesten-St. J'oseph's. Me built that church, o?d nowe it had plasod away, while its place was taken by another and more imposing edifice. IHe was sire lie need not impress upon them that it was their duty to re spond to the wislhs of their pastor and raise a building which would serve is an example of their piety and generosity. At the conclusion of the Cardinal's address a collection was mnade in aid of the building fund, and the haldaome saur of .£180 was realised, his Eminence giving £20. IrosII'ocAL sn. csoPoni. In the cvening, at seven o'clock, Ponti fliail Vespers were celebrated by Blishop Doyle, of tirafLon, assisted by the members of the suiite who took part in the morning's proceedings, and the lRonediction of the Blessed Sacrament was offered up by Cardinal Moran. The Churoh was again crowded to its utmost holding capacity. The choir rendered good service, IMrs. Anderson's singing of Goinoud's " Avo IMarie " being i special treat. Mr. E. Keon Gave Paoint's " Pantu m Ergo" with tasto and expression. Miss Ellis presided at the organ both morning andt evening. Between the celehbrtioa of vespers and beuedietion Archbishop Reynolds, of Adelaide, delivered a most interesting address, taking hist text from the first Epistle of James, lot chap., 17th to the 2lst verce. The Archbishop, in the course of his address, pointed out that in the early days of Christianity, when the disciples were threatened with persecutions on account of lohir faith, and on being asked to change tlhedoctrine advocated by them, the reply was " \Ve cannot do these things." The world grew jealous of thl Church, and wanted her to make a compromise in regard to the teachings (of her faith, but her reply was still the same. Persecutions conmmenced, but it hal been truly osid "the blond of hie martyrs became tihe sed of future Clhristiano." Inafteryears camlo the age when the complicattons arose be tween Church and State; and Englnd, which had been one of the brighlltest jewels in the crown of faith, fell away. Still the Church remained unchanged in her doctrines, and would io more consesnt to compromise in the dlays of HIenry VIII. and Elizabeth than ohl would ia those of herrlier pe earlier pections. 'J'e preacher then wenton to show that to-day the school was the Lattlefloel of tihe Chllurch. Int re gard to the edulcation of youth the Slato hald.interfered and was doing its utmost to stamp out the fear of God tit young breasts, by countsenancing no religious instruction in the schools unidr its charge. Crafty slatesmen argued that as miany shadas of religious opinion met in thouo schools it would be better to effort a compromise and not have religion taulght at all. I)id they forget that ?iovry lerfect gift casme from the Father of light, in whom there is na change tor bt?dolw of alteratiot ? God was buanished from schools whsere thsero had been cases wohere lprofesred infidels were sent to instrnct youth. In Australia the Church had beenueudangered by theo com promising spirit of ta few of its so-called liberal hiembers. Ilecauso the Church, like Christ, hlad sllown no change from the bo ginning she was hated by the world. Parents tweoro merely the stewards of God, and should never comlprloisi whenl the faith and moralsl of their children wore at stake. Th' Archbishop conoluded his stirring address by exhorting his Itoltan Cathllolie hearers to reunain steady to the pr neinle- of their faith, nnd endea vour to bring up their children in schools where their religion would be properly iustillid into them. ADI)tI[FS TO AnCHnI[HSHOP MnunRPHy. After benediction ai cougratulatory ad dress was presented to ArchbishopI Murphy on the occasion of hisi first visit to Laui - ceston after having ]had tihe pallium con. ferred upon hian. 'The addreos waspresented by .lestrs. M1. J. Clarlke, II. P. ]rtrrolly, IE. lilctzerbert, anld Dr. Carr on behalf of the congregationt. Hlia Ltrdship replied briefly, thanking the donors of the address for their good wishes and congratulations. TIIE CARDINAL AT WESTsUJtT. 'IThe Cardinal atnd suite plr.oceeded to WVesotbury by the midday train on Satur. day. On arrival pt the township his Eminlence was the recopient of an address from tile Roman Catholics of the district, Mr. D. llourke, the Warden, nakling the presentatison. Another address of welcome wats given by the children of thel Convent School. ilia Eminience was the guest of the Venerable Archdeacotn ilogan during hisa sojourn in the township. An address of congratulation on his teceasiosi to his now dignity was also pre senited to Archbishop Mllurphy by Mir. iD. lurkel, on iehalf of the Roman Catholics of Westbury. The party returned to the city by the 140 o'clock train on Saturday ovening. This morniule, at 11 o'clock, his "Etinenco will receive addresses front the children attending the Convent and other schools unsdey the autsplces of the Church of the Apostles, aud t t 2 p.rn., accompanied by his ouite, h1e will leave by thle s.. Pateena, for Melbourne, er roiute to Sydney. 