PIGOTT IN PARLIAMENT. Westminster. Tucsdav NieM. Pegott lias bolted, it is true, but lie has left J lis spirit after him in the House of Commons. It haunted the Chamber the entire night, and not even the vigorous thwacking of the Orange drum by Colonel Saunderson, nor the braying of Johnston, of Ballykilbeg, on the Orange war trumpet could exercise or ally it Sir Richard Webster looted in towards the end of the sit ting, and toot a retired scat on the front Min isterial bench bcliind the Speaker's chair. He looted ashy pale, lite a haunted man. The ghost of Pigott seemed to hover round him, and finding no refuge from the attention of that perturbed spirit in the windy phrases of Wm. Johnston, who was speaking at the time, the unfortunate Attorney-General fled from the house after a stay of a few minutes. Mr. T. ML Healy was on the war path in the early portion of the sitting. The badgering he ad ministered during question time to Mr. Mat thews on the subject of Pigott was in his best vein, and hugely delighted the house, which regards the Home Secretajy with feelings of contempt. Mr. Healy said he asked, in what was called the interests of justice, why a man of the kidney of Pigott, who had been under police surveillance, was allowed to slip so easily out of the hands of the authorities. The Home Secretary contented himself with lifting his evebrows in feigned surprise, and declaring he had never heard tliat Mr. Pigott had been | watched bv the police. " That is not my qucs-1 tion," said" Mr. Healy, amid the encouraging cheers of the Opposition. " Has any attempt beca by the Government to capture Pigott, who is a very valuable friend to them?" Matthews is a weak, womanly creature. He stumbles and pirouettes even while speaking like a premiere danxmse in a ballet, and all tliat is wanting to complete the picture are short diaphanous skirts for nether garments. " I haven't personally taken any steps,' he pleaded apologetically. " No one would imag ine vou would," said Mr. T. P. O'Connor, and the "cheers with which the Opposition greeted the remark, despite the shriek6 of " Order, order" from the Speaker, showed that the edi tor of the Star very accurately conveyed the opinion entertained of the Home Secretary. But the incident did not end there. Mr. Dillon succeeded in dragging the Chief Secretary into it. The member for Mayo asked some guaran tee from the Chief Secretary, on behalf of the Government, that they would exert themselves in the capture of Pigotfc to the same extent at least as if it were an Irish member that was at large. Mr. Balfour assured the house that if any efforts of his were available in capturing that person they would not be wanting. Mr. Conybeare endeavoured to prevent any attempt o£ flight on the part of Pigott's friend, Edward i Caulfield Houston. "As the absconding of Times witnesses has commenced," said Mr. Convbeare, " will the Home Secretary see that Mr/Houston does not leave ?" Mr. Matthews did not reply, but the purpose of the question was effected* in the laughter which followed. Meanwhile Mr. Houston has been docked of liis privilege of roaming where lais sweet will listed over the members' quarters of the house. The Lord Mayor of Dublin was able to an nounce that, in reply to a question of his on vesterdav, he had been informed by the Secre tary to the Speaker that the name of Houston I b«rl not been placed on the lobby list for the vear- The speaker, amid the approving cheers of the Tories, endeavoured to soften the fact i for Mr. Houston by representing that no ap plication had been made by him to get on the lobbv list as a journalist. I Question time over, Colencl Saunderson rose ; at twentv minutes after four to resume the ad journed debate on the Address in presence of a | well filled house. He spoke frpm the comer 1 seat of the third bench below the gangway on the Government, side of the house, a seat cor I responding to that from which Mr. Dillon on tlie other side subsequently delivered his mag nificent and slashing attack on the Government, and around the gallant member clustered his few but faithful followers from the &ortli; of Ireland-^-staid Mr. Johnston, grim Mr. Macart ney, and jolly Colonel Waring. Lord Spencer sat- over the clock in the Peers Gallery- "lie face of the EarL cast in stern and heroic mould, still boasts the old magnificent beard-it no longer shines like an ariflanrme--for the fieri ness of its red is softened now with the frost of a<»e Mr. Gladstone slipped into the house unobserved, just as Colonel Saunderson was opening his speech. The Irish members «m well endure the satiric touches the member for Armagh administers for the sake of his buf fooneries. In fact, tlie colonel is a prime ourite with the party. Last session Mr O'Brien aptlv described the speeches of Colonel Saunderson, "when he said they are fine reading for anvbodv in search of amusement; and to night* Mr.* Dillon just as happily described them as opera bduffe, acceptable amid the dis charge of serious and' boring Parliamentary duties, but certainly riot politics and not state manship. The colonel spoke for an hour and twenty minutes. It was an exceedingly weak performance. All the backbone seems to hare j been knocked out of the Coerciomst. Colonel j Saunderson's speech to night was not only , i Wl-ing in wit, but was characterised by exceed- i ing bad tasto in four particulars. He made a, most unmanlv attack on the imprisoned Mr. Edward Harrington; he spoke jeeringly of the dead Mr. Manderille; he repeated the bogus story of harshness ou the part of Mr. Gladstone towards some of his Flintshire tenantry which lias been exposed by the very parties said to be aggrieved; and he declared that- the blood of District Inspector Martin was on the head of Father M'Fadden- Thcse'unscrupulous misre presentations, these appeals to Orange bigotay, were too mudi even from Colonel Saunderson, and the disgusted Opposition gave vent to their feelings in loud cries of " Shame. Mr. John Dillon followed in a speech ol magnificent eloquence, power, and energy. The general opinion entertained of it is that it is the finest effort of the member for Mayo in the house. TTf* did not attempt to reply to the silly Tapourings of Colonel Saunderson at any length. He characterised the charges brougut by the gallant gentleman against the Irish members as false, base, virtulent, and calum nious. He taunted him with his unmanliness in attacking absent and dead men, and then in a few powerful phrases held up the colonel like a bedraggled scarecrow as a specimen of the sort of men -who proclaim themselves the salt of the counby. Passing then to the Chief Secretary's exultant cry that crime, thanks to the Coercion Act, was on the wane, Mr. Dillon scored a splendid point by quoting from the life of Mr. W. E. Forstor a letter In which that statesman, during his Chief Secre taryship, exultantly wrote to a friend-" My resident magistrates give me the best reports. Crime is decreaing, and rents are being paid." " How touching and how painful it is," said Mr. Dillon, "to read these passages now, after the lapse of seven or eight years." Pigott's name then cropped up. " A Government such as now exists in Ireland breeds Piggots just as corruption breeds maggots." Vigorous sen tences like this, of which there were many in the speech of Mr. Dillon, were received with cnthusiiastic cheers from the Opposition. The question of the treatment of political prisoners (which had been the subjectof several questions early in the sitting) 'was treated in slashing stvlc. What the Irish members claimed for themselves, and as claimed for the humblest of their followers, was simply and soley an ex emption from those phasas of prison treatment, which meant personal insult and personal in dignitv, Dealing at length with the case or Mr, O'Brien, the member for Mayo, aflame with honest indignation, plied with vigorous linnd a whip of scorpions on the back of Hie Chief Sccretarv. Mr Balfour, seemingly has the pachydermatous skin of an elephant, but if he were east in brass he could not have foiled to feel the sting of the lashes showered on him bv Mr. Dillon. As it was, he fairly yritlicd under the chastisement. He interrupted, he apologised, he endeavoured to explain away, he prevaricated, and trampled on dcccncy as well as truth But. Mi-. Dillon went on his way amidst the delight of the Opposition and ffnallv aroused a whirlwind ot cheers by de. daring tlwt Pigottism by which name the pre sent svstom Of governing Ireland would go down to posterity, was, for loathshi»e calumny, for false accusation, for cowardly vmdictivcness, unrivalled in the histoiy of politicalwarfare, Jjon on C«rres$onMvt Frerm»s 