Why Frcetrade Is Declining. The following is tho Uttor roferrod to iu our loading artiolo of Wednesday last : — ^ -'-Sir,— During tho temporary nossation of hos tilities which now obtuins, outsido tho IIouso at : loast, somo Iittlo £ood may como of pointirgout i tho ?injustice in various directions which freo. 1 ?traders* havo rondurod thoir cause rosponsiblo for. As a'foo of tho frootradors, but novortholees 06 a lovor of fair play, I say that frootrado is not fighting a fair fight on its monts, but is staggering under ' a barbarous handicap— is draggod down to tho dust by tho doinerits of its officers and allies. Iu truth I am not so suro ! -that tho battld is- botwoon froutradors and pro tectionists. That thoy occupy a portion of tho ! field, and aro at oach other's throats cannot bo denied, but tho big fight appoars to ino to bo botwoon the country and. tho metropolitan parhos. Both sidos riro, of courso, followod by toreign- fections :and fanatics. Thoro is, how -v . ovor, no difficulty about prodicting what tho ond will be. Mon, no mattor how bigotod, will not fight long for.a-flag, fad; or principlo, whon thoy find, as I myself found, thoir guns lovollod at theirown homes; The yollow flag, too, is fading fast in the, interior, aud bonny bluo stroaks arc inaking their appoaranco in it ovorywhoro, and so rapidly that, if to-morrow another appoal to tho*. ' pooplo ' woro mado, tho so-callfd *\ froutrado,' but in reality Sydnoy party, would; go down still furthor. Nor is this to bo wondered at whon tho trontinont which tho in torior has rocoivod at tho hands of this party is inquired into only a Iittlo. Our principal pro ducers, 'tho Crown tonants, can 'no longor carrj' the burdon which hus boon placod upon thom by it. The sights that my own oyos huvo wit nessed ^during ray rocont tour through this elbctorato aro boyond boliof. I disbelieve that Mr. Dillon, M.P., can bring us talos moro hoart melting'; ovoa from Ireland. Ono in particular, that of tho Richardsons, of Morrygoon, oclip?os anything I over hoard of, and inorits tho imme diate consideration of a', Govornraont possessed of practical knowlodgo \jnougli * to boliovo and comprohnnd tho caso. This family— ono of tho most thrifty,' industrio.is, and sobor in the colony— is, aftor 38 yoars toiling, and scraping, forced off- thoir holding, cotnpollod lo abondon ^ it,' and all the improvomonts thoy havo put upon it, 'for tho simple roasou that thoy cannot pay tho root demanded by tho Crown, and lost it bo not bad enough to loso thoir 38 yoars1 labour, her Majesty has served thom with a writ which tho wholo balanco of thoir possessions, down to their boddinja; would bo .insufficient to satisfy. I could cito othor casos almost as bad, but tho Bichardsons aro the only -people who gave mo full permission to publish thoir caso to tho world. Mr. Abbott proposod. to ins'brta clauso in tho Lund Bill brought down to tho IIouso by Mr Gurrott, which would havo'mot such a caso as this — would have given s»ich unfortunato pooplo :? as the Richardsons tho right to appoal to a dis interested tribunal against 'the ront fixed by a Minister who did not know what ho was doing ; . and how was this fair ond honost proposal ro coivod ? Mr. Garrott said h»i would throw up tho hill rathor than accept it. Sir Henry Parkos condomnod it as an invasion upon tho sacrod rights of our cherished institutions, as a thing novor boforo hoard of, as an outrago upon Par liamentary govornmont calculated to call down the ghost of Wontworth to tho floor of tho i House to frighten tho fools who dnrod ask for it. A 'gfoator display of ignoranco no two mon at ono timo wore ovor guilty of. Tho Land Tax Bill, and Railway Act, whioh lay upon tho tablo of tho Houso, and which woro supposed to hnvo emanated from Sir.Honrv himsolf. contained clauses almost idontical with that suggested by Mr. Abbott, whilst tho 23rd clause of the Lmd Act'! of 180i (for whioh by tho way, Sir Honry had voted), wont ovon furthor thon Mr. Abbott's amondmout. This, and much moro. X mysoif pointed out to tho IIouso, and what wns'its unswor? Forty-sovoti so-callod froo tradors votod against this amendment— against giving to thoir follow mon, whoso all was iu tho land, who could not loavo it, a fair trial. Why, tho' British Govornmotit forcod itself in botwoon th'bprivato land ownor ond his tenant, ond gave to thojattor thovory thing asked for by Mr. Abbott' And who supported Mr. Abbott's motion, and who supported Mr. M'Millan's motion challenging Mr. Garrott's right to raise ronts abovo 'tho amount recommonded by tho land boards, and who ontorod thoir protest against taxing tho soloctors unpaid balanco3 ? not tho ' froetradors,' but tho other fellows. Who spent .hundreds of thotisauds of pounds in and around tho city on quostionablo undertakings ?whilst peoplo iutho intorior had to livo without oreau oecauso ot tuo lmpassaoio condition of the'publio'roads ? Again, I ropoat that it was not' freetraders (I djisboliovo that there aro a dozen truo disciples'* of this doctrino in tbo House), but it was tho Syduoy party, tho job mongors and log-rollers of tho city nnd suburbs, who wero rosponsiblo for thoso injustices. Alas, for freo trado, it' is in bad company, and muse go jindorjsoonor or later, not so much ? because of its own faults as by roason of the sins of it allios. In a rocont loading artiolo you point out that \- - Sydney, and suburbs aro almost unanimously in ' v ' favour, of. a frootrado policy, that they, if they : v hadlhoir rights, possess nearly two-fifths of th0 Whole voting power of tho colony. Surely nosano man' wishos to seo Sydnoy govorn tho wholo colony. Tho colony could livo without Sydnoy, but' Sydnoy could not livo without tho colouy. | Asjmnttors stand tho city is far too strongly ro- I presontod. Add to tho -11 members it itsolf re turns . thoso city men who roprosont coast and semi-suburban constituencies, and you will find that it -has fcomowboro about 70 membors always comoutubie, always, on the spot if rcquirod, whilst, no moro than 60 por coat, of our country ; * representatives aro over prosont. Tho protec tionists must. go down onco or twico moro on ? thip vory. account. Sydnoy, in truth, is not tho proper sito for tbo seat of Government, that is, if wo desiro 'fuir government.1. Admitting, how- , ovor,-; that Sydnoy and suburbs possess two- J fifths' of tbo voting powor of tho colony, and that.it is to.a man freetraders, it cannot afToidl wiu«huwui Uli luuiracui WIUU) , uim miB, in downright reality, is what it^bas dono, and what' it will be punished fordoing. It seems to mo that you nro in error inossorting that tbo v peoplo within tho metropolitan idiptricts contri luto as much per head^C^tbe -revenue as tho j ?: pocple outsido. ? The net receipts of our Land* I * Dopartmont alone, 1887 to 1fi88, reached £2,300,000,- whilst its - total ' transactions I reached , £3,350,000 (about). How much 1 I of (his monoy was paid by tho unom ployod, or, iudoed, '.by city and suburban pooplo. ' On whom should thoso lattor dopon,i for tho very broad thoy, oat ? On tho intorior— j on tho producor ? Truo is it, howovor, that thoy ; do not, savo in n mcasuro, do so, ami how thon do thoy hvo ? Thoy livo by carrymg tho socuri | ties which are tho property of tbo producor lo ! London nud raising monoy upon thom, which ; thoy dolo out amongst thomsolvos. What othor ! intorprotation will tho building of thoso SO loco j motivo onyinos, tbo monoy squandered on tho I Prospect wator systom, und 50 other under- ; I takings, admit of ? Who will bo called upon to : i pay tho interest ou this monoy ? Will it bo tbo j pooplo in and around Sydnoy, or thoso who aro in occupation of productivo land ? If tho for mer, whoro aro thoj to obtain it from ? Thoy aro siuiply middlemen, aud must look to tho producor for ovorything whon tho monoy-londor fails thom. Tho country is rapidly awakoning to a trnor sonso of its position, or tho position iu which tho Sydnoy party is placing it in ; and frootradors, though tho pnstoralists and thou sands of othor inland peoplo may bo iu thoir lioarts, soU-protoction, will forco thom tobocouio anti-Sydnoyito?.— I am, oto., Joiin E. Kelly. 