THE DAY WILL COME. BY M. E. BRADDON. Author of "lady [?] "[?]," "Like and Unlike," "The Fatal Three," &c.;, &c.; Published by special arrangement the author, All lights reserved. J ' Chanib ll.—(.Coattnuecfl, It began to tain before they reached Cberi ton, and tbe afternoon clouded over with a look oi premature winter. No aaunteruags on the terrace this evening; no midnightmean d* rings among the cypresses and yews, the gleaming statues and dense green walls; us if they had been Koroeo and Juliet, wedded and happy, in the garden at Verona. For the first tune since the beginning of their honeymoon they were obliged to stay indoors. " It ia positively dully," exclaimed Juanita, at her maid carried oS her damp mantle. "My dearest love, rtn afraid you've caught cold." said Godfrey, with absolute alarm. "Do I ever catch cold, Godfrey?' she cried scornfully, and indeed her splendid physique eetmed to negative tbe idea as she stood before biro, tall and buoyant, with the carnation of health upon cheek and bps, her eyes sparkling, her head erect. "Well, no, my Jono, I believe you are a* free from all euch weakness as human nature can be; bat I shall order fires all tbe same, and I implore yon to pot on ? warn gown." "Iwill," she answered gaily. "You ehall ccc me in my copper pmsh. *' Thanks, love. That ia ? vision to live for." "Shall we have tea in my dreeeing-room— or in yours V "In mine. I think we have taken tea in almost every other room in the house, as well as in every corner of the garden." It bad been one of her girlish caprices to device new places for their afternoon tea. Whether it had been as keen a dehgbt to the footmen to carry Japanese tables and bamboo chain from pillar to post was open to ques tion; but Juanita loved to colonise, as she called it. " I feel thai w&erever; we establish our tea pot we invest the spot with the sanctity of bonre," she said. Fires were ordered and tea in Sir Godfrey's dressing-room. It was Lord Dalbrook's drawing-room actually, and altogether a sacred chamber. It bad been one of the best bedrooms in the days of the Strangways; but bis lordship liked space, and had chosen this room for his own particular den—a fine okf room, with foil length portraits of the Sir Joshua period let into the panelling. Tbe fumitcre was of the plainest, and very different from tile luxurious appointments of the other rooms, for these very chair and tables, and yonder substantial maho gany de&k;, had done duly in James Dal. brook's chambers in the Temple SO years before. So bad the heavy-looking clock on the chimney piece, euxmonnted by a bronze Saturn leaniog •upon his scythe. So had the brass candle ebeka, the red irorooco blotter, and the silver inkstand on tin desk. He had fallen asleep in that oapacioos arm **h^^ many a time in the small hours, alter struggling with tbe intrioa dee of a railway bQI or ponng over a volume of precedents. The thick Persian carpet, the velvet window curtains, pan riled walls, and fine old nrepUee gave a look of subdued splendor to tbe room, in tpite of the dark and heavy furniture. There was a large we of roses on the desk, where Lord Cherrton never tolerated a flower; ud there were more roan on tbe chimney piece; and tome smart hamhoo chairs, many colored like Joseph's coat, had been broogbt from Kita'e morning room —and so, with logs blazing on the floriated iron dogs, and a scarlet tea table set out with blaeand gold china, mod a Moorish copper kettle, the room had as gay an aspect as anyone could desire. Juanita had changed her gown by the time i the tea table was ready, and came in from her room next door, a radiant figure in a gleam ing oopper-colored gown, flowing looae from throat to foot, and with no adornment except a broad collar and cuffs of old Venice point. Her brilliant cinrir4fTK>n and aontnsm eyes and ebon hair biumpbed over the vivid hue of the < gown, and it was at her Sir Godfrey looked as ! she came beaming towards him, and not at the dressmaker^ achievement. : " How do yon like iM" she asked, with child like pleasure in her feat —i™—** " I ought to havei kept it till October, bat I couldn't resist putting it on, just to see what you think of it, I hops yon wont say it's gaudy." " My dearest, you might be clad in a russet cUmd tor anytntcg I should know to tt? 6« -trary. A^qoarter of a century henoa, when you •fCEecmning to fancy yourself patcc, we will talk about gowns. It will be of some con ■eqoence then how yon dress. It can be none BOW." I " That is just a man's ignorance, Godfrey," ahe said, shaking her finger at bun m she seated berstlf in one of the bamboo chairs btfore the tea table, a dazzling figure, in the reflection of the blazing logs, which danced abtut her eyes and hair and copper-colored gown in a bewildering manner. "You think me bandEOKe, I euppose," •' Eminently so. " And yon think I should be just as hand seme if I dressed anyhow—in a badly-Ctting tussore, for instanop, made last year and cleaned this year, and with a hat of my own tw"?""^, eh, Godfrey J" " Every bit as h"^^" " "That shows what an ignoramus a Univer sity education can leave a man. My dearest boy, half my good looks depend upon my dceas maker. Not for worlds would I have yon see ■ tnt a dowdy, if only for one half hour. The disillusion might last a lifetime. X dress to please you, rt member, sir. It was of you I thought when I wat choosing my trousseau. I want to be lovely in your eyes always, always, I always." j "You need aoake no efiort to attain your wish. | You have put «o strong a spell upon me that with me at leatt you are independent of the dressmaker's art." " Again I say you dont know what yon are talking about. Bat frankly now, do you think it too gaudy T "That coppery background to my Morillo Madonna. Pto, lore, the color suite yon to {perfection." She poured out the tea and then sank bade in her comfortable *$**** in a reverie, languid after her explorations at tbe Prior/, fall of a dreamlike happjnwss as ahe basked in the glow of the fire, welcome as a novel indulgence at this time of the year. "There is nothing more delightful than a lire in July," she said. ' Her eyes wandered about th; room idly. t'Do you call them handsome!" the asked presently. Godfrey looked puzzled. Was ahe still harp ing on the dress question, or was she challenge ing his admiration for those glorious eyes, wbic> be bad been watching in their wrings for a lazy five mantes ! •'I mean the Strangways. That is their famous beauty—the girl in the scanty white eatin petticoat with the goat. Imagine any one walking about a wood with a goat in white satin. What queer ideas portrait painters must have bad in those days. She is very lovely though, isn't she V " She is not my ideal. I dont admire that narrow CupidVbow month, the lips pinched up as if they were pronouncing * prunes and prism.' The eyes are large and nandsome, but too round, the complexion wax doUifeh, Ho, the is not viv ideal." " I should have been miserable if you had admired her." •• There is a face in the hall which I like ever co much better, and yet I doubt if it is ? good face." "Which is that i" "The face of the girl in that group of John Btrangway'e three children." " That girl with ;the towsled hair and bright blue eyes. Yes, she mutt have been hand- Bone—but she looks—l hope yon wont be shocked but I really can't help saying it—that girl looks a devil." " Poor soul! Her temper did not do much good for her. I believe she came to a melan cholyend." "How was that 2" ''She eloped from a schcol in Switzerland with an cfEcer in a line reeiment, a love match, but she went wrong a few years after waide, left her husband, and died in poverty, at Boulogne, I believe/ " Another ghost," exclaimed Juanita dole fully. "Poor lost soul, ahe i.msl walk. I c&n;'t help feeling sorry for her—married to a nr.an who was unkind to her perhaps, and whom she discovered unworthy of her love; acd then years afterwards meeting some one worthier and better, whom she lowed pas £ion*te)y. That is dreadful! Oh, Godfrey, If I bi>d been married before I saw you—and we bad met—and you had cared for me—God kLoKs what kind of a woman I should have be cd. Perhaps I thonld have been one of those poor souls who have a history — the woman mother and her friends stare at and wbieper about in the park. Why are people co keenly interested in them, I wonder J Woj can't they leave them alone 'f " It would be charity to do so." "No one is charitable—in London." " Do you think tike country ia more indul gent?' " I suppose net. I'm afraid English people keep ail their charity for the Continent. I shall never look at the girl in tnat group without thfafcing of her sad story. She looks hardly fifteen in the picture. Poor thing. She did not know what was coming." They loitered ever their testable, making the most of their happiness. The eweetnese of their deal lite bad not began to pall. It waa still new and wonderful to fee together tbae, unrestrained by any otter presence. in tbe midst of their gay talk Jsjtnito'a eye* wandered to t?ebresseTweapo? tseoiusuey piece, ted tfce fajsslitt fgtre axifgcsUd stocay idCEfa "Oh, Godfrey, look at that grim old nan with hi* scythe, ■towing town cur nappy momenta so fMt that we can hardly te?te their rweetnecs before they speed away. To think that cor lives ate hutrying past na like a tor rent, and that we eha? be like turn," pointing distastefully to the type of old see—the wrinkled brow and flowing beard—" before we know that we have lived. "It ii i pity,sweet, that lifecbanld beeo dioit." Her glance wandered higher to the dark oak panel above the clock, and she started up frota her low chair with a faint scream, stood on tip toe before the fireplace, matched half-a-dozen scraggy peacock's feathers from the pane), and threw them at her husband's feet. "Look at those," the exclaimed, pointing to them as they lay there, *• Peacock** feathers. What have they done that you ehonld nee tbem co?" " Oh. Godfrey, don't jou know ':" she aeksd earnestly. " Don't I know whati'1 '■' That peacock's feathers bring ill 1 Jck. It is fatal to take them into a house. They are an evil omen. And father udl pick them np when he is strolling about the lawn, and will being them indoors; though lam always scold ing inim for his obstinate folly, and always throwing the horrid things away." "And this kind of thing has been going on for cose yean, I suppose?" asked Godfrey, emiling at her intensity. " Ever since I can remember." '• And have the peacock's feathers brought yon misfortune!" She looked at him gravely for> few moments, and then bunt into a joyous laugh. "No.no, no, no." she said, "Fate has been over kind to me. I have never known sorrow. Fate ha? given me you. lam the happiest woman in the world—for there cant be another you, and yon are mine. It is like owning the Kohinoor diamond; one knows that one stands alone. Still all the same, peacock's feather are unlucky, and I trill not suffer them in your room." She picked op the offending feathers, twisted them into a ball, and Hung them at the back of the deep old chimney behind the smouldering logs; and then she prodeced a chert board and the acd Godfrey began a game with the board on their knees aod played for an hoar by firelight. CHArrts 111. A fetdis s^enec ctep by step Increased. Until it etcmed a horrid pretence there. That idea of the Strangways had taken li rid of the bride's fancy. She went into tbe ball with Godfrey after dinner, and they looked together at the family group. The picture was a bishop's half length, turned lengthwise, and the figures showed only the head and shoulders. Tbe gill stood between the two boys, her left arm round her younger brother's neck. He was a lad of eleven or twelve, in an Eton jacket and broad white collar. The other boy was older tbao tne girl, and was dressed in dark green corduroy. The beads were masterly, but the picture was uninterest ing- " Did yon ever nee three faces with co little fatanaticn amontt the three?" a&ked; G:>dfrey ; "tbe boys look arrant cube; the girl ha* the makings of a handsome woman, bat the lines of her mouth and chin hare firmness enough for forty, and yet slie could hardly be over fifteen when that picture was painted." "She has a lovely throat and lovely shoal ders." "Yea, the painter has made the n.oe*. tf those." " And the has fine eyes." " Fine as to calor.and chape, bat as cold as a Tokdo blade—and as dangerous. I pity b?r husband." "That mutt be a waste of pity. If he hai been good to her she would not have run away from him." "I am not sere of that, A woman with that mouth and chin would go her own gait if the trampled upon bleeding hearts. I wonder your father keeps these shadows of a vanished race. "He would not part with them for worlds. They are like the peacock's feathers that he trill bung indoors. I •ometimre tbink be bis a fancy for unlucky things. He says that ai we have no ancestors of oar own—to speak ol —I suppose we must h*i< ancestors, for every body scust bare con* down from Adam some how." " Naturally, or from Adam's anwstor, the conaron crrgeaitor of tbe Darwinian thesis." " Don't be hoind. Father's idea is that as we have no ancestors of our own we may as well keep the Strangway portraits. The faces are the history of the house, rather said, when mother wanted those dismal old pictures taken to make way for a collection of modern art. So thne they are, and I can't help thinking that they crtricck ua.- They were still standing btfore the trio of young faces conterrplstivFly. "Are they at' dead :'• asked -Toanita, after a paure. "Gcd knows. I believe it is a Ion? time n'nce any of them were heard of. Jasper Ulke to me about them sotr.etiir.es. He was in service he-re, you know, before he becirce tty fhthfr't b&iiiff.; In fact, he oaly lift Chtriton after the old noire "a death. He is focd cf t?ikirc of the fcrsolteo race, and it is from him that most of my information !-■ derived. He told me about that unlock? lad," pointing to the younger boy. " lie was in the navy, distinguished himself out in Cbina, and was on tbe high road to getting a ship when he got broke for dnmkennen—a flagrant ease, which all bat ended in a tremendous and the burning of a man of war. He west into the merchant service—did well for a year or two, and then tbe old enemy took hold of him again, and be got broke thtrt. After that he dropped through—disappeared in the great ditmal swamp where the n-en who fail in this world tink out of knowledge." " Acd the elder boy; what became of him ?" "He was in the artr.y—a tremendous swell, I believe, married Laid Daturerfield'a youngest daughter, and cut a dash for two or three years, and then disappeared from society, and took his wife to Corsica, on the ground of delicate health. Fur anything I know to the contrary, they may still be living in that free and-easy little island. He was fond of (port, and liked a rough lite, I fancy that Ajaccio would rait him better than Pnrbeck or Pall Mall." "Poor things; I wonder if they ever long forCheriton!" "If old Ja?per is to be believed, they were passionately fond of the place, especially that girl. Jasper was groom in those days, and he taught her to ride. She was a regular dare-devil, according to his account, with a ten per that no one bad ever been able to control But she seems to have behaved pretty well to Jasper, and be was attached to her. Her father couldn't manage her any how. They were too much alike. He sent titr to a school at Lausanne soon after that picture was rjainUd, and she never came back t j Cbenton. Bhe ran away with an English officer who was home from India on furloogh, and was ttaying at Oochy for his health. tihe reprtbtottd herself as of full age, and con trived to get married at Geneva. The squire refused ever to see her or her husband. She ran away from tbe husband afUrwaids, as I told you. In fact, to quote Jasper, «he was an incorrigible bolter." " Poor, poor thing, It is all too sad," sighed Juanita. "Let as go into the library and for get them. There are no Strangways there, thank heaven." She put her arm through Godfrey's and led him off unresisting. He was in that stage of devotion in which he followed her like a dog. The library was one of the best rooms in tbe house, but the least interesting from an arcltf«logict'« point of new. It had been built early in the eighteenth century for a ballroom, a long narrow room, with tive tail windows, and it had been afterwards known as the music room; bat James Dalurook had improved it out of its original character by tbrowicg cut a large bay, with three windows opening on to a semicircular terrace, with marble balustrade and steps leading down to the prettiest portion of that Italian garden which was the crowning glory of Chentoa Manor, and which it had been Lord Cheriton's delight to improve. Tne spacious bay gave width and dignity to the room, audit was in the space between tbe bay and the wide fireplace that people naturally grouped themselves. It was too large a room to be wanned by one tire of ordinary dimensions, but the fireplace added by Dalbrook was of abnormal width and gran deur, while the chunney-piece was rich in colored marbles and splendid sculpture. The room was lined with books from floor to ceil ing. Clutters of wax candles were burning on the mantelpiece, and two large moderator lan-pc etood on a xcauive carved oak table in the centre of tbe rcciu—a table spacious enough to bold all the magazines, reviews, and j<€ricdtcals in three languages that were worth readirg— Quarterlies, "Revue dee Daa.v Mcndw," "Rundachan," " Figaro," "World," "Saturday," "Truth,'-' and the rest of them — as wtU as guide books, peerage;, clergy and wiry luU— which made s> formidable r*nge in the ttiddle, Godfrey fang himeeif into a luxurious chair end Joanita perched herself lightly beside him on the cushioned arm, looking down at him from that point of vantage. There was & wood lire here &s; well as in the hall; but the rain was over now, the evening had grown warmer, and the French windows in tbe bay etood open to the dull grey night, ''What are you reading new, Godfrey ?: asked Juanita, glancing at tbe cosy doable table in a corner by the chimney-piece loaded with books above and below. " For duty reading, Jones's book on Grattan and tbe Irish Parliament; for old bocie, Plato; for new, Wider Horizons." He waa an insatiable reader, and even in those long snnuccx days of honeymoon talk ha had felt the need of fceofce, which were a h&ctt; of his life. *' la ■ Wider Horizons' a good took V " It ia fall cf imagination, and it carries one away; but one has tfce suite feeling «? ia £*ctf ric E&ddhiem.; It in a very oonicrtifig theory, and it ought to be true; but by what authority isthiegospel preached tons, and on what evidence are we to believe V "' Wider Horizons' is about the life to comet" "Yee, it gives sea very vivid picture of oar existence in other planets. The author writes ac if he had been there." "And according to his theory you and I are to meet and be happy again in come distant star?" "In many stars—climbing from etar to Etar, and achieving a higher spirituality, a tiner essence, with every new existence, until we attain tbe everlasting perfection." " And we who ire to die old and worn cut here are to be young and bright again there in our Bf xt world!" "Naturally." "And then we ehall grow old again—go through tbe same slow decay—grey hair, fading eight, duller hearing ?' "Yee; as we blossom so maet wa fade. The withered husk of tbe old life holds the seed from which the new flower must spring; and with every incarnation the flower is to gain in vigor and beauty, and the life period is to lengthen till it touches infinity." " T must read the book, Godfrey. It may be all a dream; but Z love even dreams that promise a future in which yon and I shall al ways be together—as we are now, as we are now." She repeated those la*t four words with infinite tenderness, Tbe beautiml head sank down to nestle upon bis shoulder, and they were tflent for Botne minutes in a dreamy reverie, gazing into the fire, where the locs ha 4 given ont their last flame and were slowly fading from red to grey. It waa a quarter to 11 by tbe dial Jet into tne marble of the cbimney-piece. The butler had brought a tray with wine and water at 10 o'clock, and had taken the final orders before retirirjfr. Juanita and her husband were alone amid the stillnees of the sleeping household. The ni?ht was close and dull, not a leaf ttirring, and only a few dim stars in the heavy sky. As the clock told tbe third quarter with a small tilvety chime, as it were a town clock in fairy land. Juanita started suddenly from her hall reclining position, and listened intently, with her face towards the open window. " A footstep," she exclaimed. "I heard a footstep on the terrace." " Xly dearest, 1 know your hearing is quicker than mine; but this time it is your fancy that heard and not your ears. I heard nothing. And who should be walking on tbe terrace at such «n hour do you suppose ?'' " I don't (oppose anything about it, bat I know there was someone. 1 heard tbe steps, Godfrey. I heard them as distinctly as I heard you speak just oow, light footsteps slow, very clow, and with that cautious, treacherous sound which light, slow footsteps always have if one hears them in the silence of mpbt." " You are very positive V " I know it, I heard it!" she cried, running to the window and out into the gray night. She ran along the whole length of the ter race and back again, her hnabaad following her, snd they found no one, heard nothing, from one end to the other. "Yon see, lore, there waa so one there," said Godfrey. " I see nothing of the kind—only that the ecxteooe who was there has vanished very cleverly. An eavesdropper might hide easily encugh behind any one of those cypresses," she said, pointing to the obelisk-shaped trees which showed black against the dim grey of the ctsht. "Why should there be any eavesdropper, love ? What secrets have you and I that any prowler should watch or listen. Tbe only peit on cf the prowling kind to be apprehended would be a burglar: and as Cheriton has been burglar free all these years, I see no reassn for fear; so unless your mysterious footfall be longed to one of the servants or a servant's follower, which is highly improbable on this tide of the house, I take it that you must have heard a ghost." He had bn arm around her, and was leading her ont of the misty night into the warm, bright room, and bis voice bad the light eoond of laughter; but at that word ghost she started and trembled, and her voice was rery seriocu as the antwered. " A gbofet, yes ! It was juct like the footfall o? a ghost—so alow, so soft so mysterious. I believe it was a ghost, Godfrey—a Stxaogway gbust. Some of tbem nud visit this house." Cha: TEE IV. H'hc ?ill dare To I'iurk thre tnnc at' And ct tbin. c«n "ill, full (till t*tl Uicu wouldst act l«tve me. The tunthiue of a rummer morning, stream ing in thrcoch roulltoced windows that looked due tooth, raited Juanita'* ppirits, and dts- I*an d her fbars. It was impossible to feel de -1-n ??ed under ruch a sky. She had been wake ful t c-r a ccntideraUe |«rt of tbe night, brood irp ufoc (bat pr,p«llv footstep which bad sent nub h fur!dfD chill to her warm young heart, Lit tlat brocd cUar light of morning brought ccii.n on itcsr. ' I d^rttay it was only some lovesick bouse na'd. rcaii.'icg about aiUr all the others had prre to bi d, in order to bare a quiet think akont her sweetheart, and what he said to her latt as they went home from church. I know how / uud to walk about with no com pany but mytboupbtp of yo;i, Godfrey, and cow tweet it uted to be to go over all your dearect wort's—over and over again—and co doubt the heart of a hoorensaid is worked by just the same machinery that set mine going— and ter thoughts would follow the MD.etracY." "That ii what we are taught to believe, dearest, in this enlightened age." "Why •bculd it be a ghostr* punned Juanita, leaning back in her bamboo chair, and lazily enjoying the summer morning, some wnat languid alter a sleepless night. They were breakfasting at tbe western end of the terrace, with an awning over their heads, and a couple of footmen travelling to and from the home in attendsnoe upon them, and keep ing retpectfoUy out of earshot between whiles. The table was heaped with roses, and the waxen chalices of a great magnolia on the lower levrl (bowed above the marble balus trade, and ebed an almost o\ crpowerinft i<er fume on the warm air. "Why should a ghost come Bo*I" sue atked harping npen her morbid fan'iea. " There has never been a hint of a ghost in all the years that father and n other have lived here. _ Why should one come bow. unless—" " Unlefs what, love?" " Unless one of the Strargways died last eight—at tbe rery moment a ben we beard lbs footfall—died in some dirtint land, perhaps, acd tvitn Lie Uat dying thought v sited the place cf bis birth. One has beard oi such things." "One hss beard of a treat UMiy strange things. Tbe human iuag nation is very in ventive." " Ah. you are a sceptic, I know, t dont think 1 actually believe in ghosts—but I am afraid of being forced to believe in them, Ob, Godfrey, if it were meant for a warning," she cried, with eudden terror in the Urge dark eyes. '• What kiiid of warning':" " A presage of misfortune—sickness—death. I have read co many stories of such wamiogs." "My dearest love, you have read too much rubbub in that line. Your mind is fall of morbid fancies, li the morning were not too warm I thculd say put on your habit and let us go for a long ride. lam afraid this sauntering ufe of ours is too depressing for yon." " Depresfeing—to be with you all day f Oh, Godfrey, you must be tired of we it you can tuggett such a thing." " But, my Nita. when I see you giving your etU ap to gloazEy speculations about ghosts and onsens." " Oh, that oceans nothing. When one has a very precious treasure one must needs be full of feats. L.iok at misers, how nervous they are about their hidden gold. And my treasure is more to me than aD tie gold of Ophir— infinitely precious." She cprang np from her low chair, and leaned over the back of bis to kiss the broad brow which was lifted np to meet those cling ing lips. " Ob, rxy love, my love, I cever knew What fear meant till I knew the fear of parting from you," the replied. "Put on your habit, Nita. We will go for a ride in spite of the eun. Or what do yon say to driving to Dorchester and storming your cousins for a lunch ? I want to talk to Mr. Dalwctd about Skinner's bill of dilapida tion*." Her mood changed in an instant. "That would be capital fun," she cried. " I wonder if it ie a breach of etiquette to lunch ttith one's couana during one's boiejc:ocn'r" "A tig for etiquette. Thomas, order the ibctrtc.D Uz half-past eleven." '* What a happy idea," said Juanita, " a lrre long drive with yon, and then the fun of tttiEg tow \\-bu get on with my itrong-minded ctutire. lbty pretend to despise everything ttat ether girls care fcr, dont you know—and go in for literature, science, politics, every thing intellectual, in short—and I have seen them eit acd nuree Darwin or Buckle for a whole evening, while they have talked of gowoe and tcnnet? and other girls' flirtations.*' " Then they are not euch Roman maidens as they affect to be," " Far from it. They wfll take the 'pattern of uy ftock with their eyea before I have been in the room 10 minutes. Just watch them." " I -will; ii I can take my eyes off yon." Juanita ran away to change her white peignoir for a walking dress, and reappeared id half in boor radiant and ready for. tbe drive,} (To U continued.) From a ««U-kncva Hddenl et Ooxcoactat— MXwerre Bcootteagc 1 conqrieiely rated a comd M rears' Btaodiiig tftaWflnn OsemdOdbb raaOoass aks Wahs." FaMntoM «r smtmot oMOiod icea. F?k« te. id., d Chemists h3 SaarAeepm. Ftepues Vis t? 1. TOftc, tttoJrt Etfct Jcmu cveo 