A BOHEMIAN'S NOTES- Tiicy had been for a picnic up tho river, and wore walking home up Punt road in tho gloaming— not drunk, you will uudcratand— bub just nice and pic-ulc-oy. And, ns they walked' ono of them drew tho other's attention to a now constellation iu tho hcavcu which both admitted that they had never seen be fore, although often goiug out at night to study astronomy, chiefly of tho "threo star" kind, This, howovcr, was n most pecu liar group of stars— fivo in a direct line. Orion's Belt couhl never look liko that oven to men returning from a picnic. Tlioy were overawed by it as tnen sometimes are by things new, strange, nud boyond thoir comprclicuiiou. Jack was particularly affected by tho discovory. Ho had livod in Richmond for year?, and never noticed thoso stars !u tho district boforo, had they landed by mistake nt Sjutli Ynrrn? Ahd ns ho gazed and gazed, ho broko silcnco again in a solemn : tone with, By Gosh 1 Bill, something awful is grin to happen ; ouo of them stars has just turned green." They wero Appalled At tho new discovery, bub almost immediately the end star turned red and thoy began to realise that thoy wero looking ab tho semaphore lights on tho high railway crossing. I told elite story to a friond, who sccunod a good deal interested in te, And why? "It's strange," ho said, "but I was coming up tho Punt road one fogey night last winter, and for a time tliosc sanio semaphore lights utterly puzzled mo. They seemed so high above the earth, so coraplctriy cloarof human arrange- mout." Aud wo Agreed that half tho mys teries or tho world would bo plain ovory !day occurrences, if tho puzzled person had only waited for tho star to turn green. 60 wilh ghost stories. Tho wonderful Bun- yip has turned out to bo merely a bittern booming in tho marshes, and I havo heard as an actual oxpcrienoojjf ono good ghost story that was spoited through tho shnplo chanco of a man knowing meicof his neighbor's affairs than another. Out on tho plains to westward of Melbourne, thcro is a ccmctcty Btntuling lonely in a wide open space. Passing it ono night ou his way home, a farmer in tho district was startled by tho wail of n child amongst tho tombs. Nature is more potcub whore settle ment Is spnrse, men aro nob Huch materialists as in cities, and strango fancies run in tho heads of louesomo workers. Was it a wonder that this man was startled by that cry coming out of the graves, and that the wail rang in his cai-B all tho way home. Bub later, anothor termor passed by and hoard tho cry, Ho wns nob startled. Ho simply said, " llello 1 Brown's ningpio 1ms gob away again. I'll go into the cemetery and citoli him." That ia the story, and it seems a pity to cast a doubt upon it. But though knowing little of gliosis, I havo taken somo notice of magpies, and Iiavo never known 0110 that whether at ' homo or abroad, lost, strayed or stolon, did not go systematically to sleep at nightfall. This particular bird may havo been abnormal— lio certainly was so in his perfect imilatiou of a crying child— for as ICo Ko said of that lovc- stricken and suicidal tom tit. "I know tho bird intiunatelv." And on the subject of bircte Tho dweller® in our street seem to be pretty well a community of bird-fanciers, and, as a conse quence, ono conclusion ab which I havo arrived is that the average Australian bird can given oven Frank Lincoln points aa a mimic. At ono liouao tho cockatoo mocks tho parrot, the parrot mocks tho magpie, aud tho mngpio mocks both the others, white all threo imitate tho mer chant, who is in tho habit of opening the back gate and throwing into tho yard with a husky voice tho words, " Battles! lady ?" A theatri cal agent, by way of a change, perhaps, irom the weary round of Italinu opera, both la Us harmonious and other aspects has taught his parrot losing "Feek-aboo" whatovor that means. Tho RoboIIa not faraway asks per sistently for "A cup ol tea tor Joey," When in a spasm of industry, I mako nn attempt to dig in the garden tho magpio from next door tries to fly down from tho top of tho fence, but having his wings clipped only manages to fait on his bill. Then he nulls himself together with a sense of having got thero justthosame, and pertinently remarks, "Who are you? What do you want?" No need to ask what ho wants— worms ! Ono lady regrets tlinb liar magpies cnunob sing at nil, buo thoy can do bettor still ; that is to pipe their own fluto notes about sunrise. Thero is another bird who conies yodelling " HuMe-lm-hoo I' about the samo hour, lb is tho milkman, and for him I would bavo 110 oloso season. Mention of milk carries my mind quito naturally over to Willamero Park, ab Kow, tho owner of which, having a model datry has designed a model milk box for his customers. So the Swiss echoes, .which nro' musical round about tho Mattcrhorn,no longer wako up tho dweller on Kow ' Heights, who may have been detained nt tiio lodgo or taking part in n "plicktal incetin'," on tho night before. But there are some drawbacks to the now system. Mr E. Suburb says that ho could always depend upon tho milkman to walco Tlis servants in good time, white now he te generally compelled to finish his breakfast, and risk strangulation while runn ing to catch tho train. The milkman, too, says that delivering milk in this scientific way has, by tho abolition of flirtation, divested his life of half its charm. Some pcoplo say than tho Colonial domestic is not sufficiently polite. My neighbor X has a servant who is intensely polite in ono direction She speaks of M the young lady who goes out with me," M tho lady who comes for tho mangling" while both wero capped by lite announcement tho other daytime sho had seen "a lady drunk in the gutter." But this extreme civility te strangely enough oxtended only to her own sex. When X's brother, who is a banker in the City called to sco him tho other day, tho "young lady," ou answering tho door bell, answered " A mnn to see you." " Anglo-Australian, who writes in the European Mail , and lias a keen car for any thing likely to interest Australian telte a strango story of Charles Whitehead well-known as a London writer in " the forties," who came to Australia in 1857, And tried journalism that broke down Undly, aud died miserably six years later. Ho wns a man of undoubted gonius, but irresolute. With his nervous temperament a mnn of greater energy would have carved his name high and deep on tho monument of fame, bub being without pnrposo he was only a dreamer, one who thinks out so many things tha® would mako tho world wcop or laugh for ever, and yet dies with all those unwritten romances sealed in his poet's brain. Tho interesting point in Whitehead'® career is that ho was tho immcdinto cnuso ot Dickens's rise to fame, Whitehead had been asked by Chapman and Hall, tho publishers, to supply the letterpress for Pickwick, and in dcolining on tiio plea that he could nob work regularly, ho named as his substitute tbo young man, Charles Dickons, standing just then at the threshold uf his career, and known only to tho' literary world through bis " Sketches by Boz.' The story of poor Whitehead's llfo te a pathetic ono, and his' grave, perhaps, marked by a number only, but many, very many will think tenderly of liim as tho godfather of thoso many literary children of "Tho Master," who —children aa well as master— aro immortal. From the same source I clip tbo following : — A well-known London wino merchant,, who makes a special feature of Australian wine, has been remarking on tbo antipathy which is shown by tho Australians iu London to drinkina Australian wine, lb would also seem, said my friend, as if Australians wanted to go out of their way to condemn that .which is likely to become in time one of tho largest and most lucrative of tho Australian export trade. If Australians at their own festivo boardB never miss on opportunity to sneor At Australian wine, how can thoy ex« pecb tho hotter class English publia to drink it ? There may really be a fuwi Australians resident in London, but tha men of whom tho .wino merchant complain aro probably returned Englishmen. In brief, (hoy are "returned empties," thab;Jte, empty of everytliing that'makes a mnn of valuo in a uow country, save as a living aggregation of things to bo avoided. Anglo- Australian is tho name those men delight in, us though one nationality only imperfectly expressed the importauco of a man owning so many sheep, It is somo satisfaction to us to know that there is gener ally n great deal more of tho Anglo than tire Australian, though wo cannot help feeling sad in knowing that Australian gold him enabled these men to advertise themselves injure the colonies. The coin is not sterling. The Australian gold in this case is either a veneer or wash. At it briskly, and you will come to tho old original lump of brasn from " 'Ighgate," or Seven Dials, Possibly it was one of those rich "Australians," whose agent, having purchased for him one of Turner's painting, said, "This 'ere pitcher seems a bit dim. I'll get one of tho best men in tho trade to color it hup a bit. The frame seems a real good harticle though. Don't want nothin' but real gold in my 'ouse." Richerd Jeffries, in noting th6 partiality of the liouso martin and the swallow for building on tho sunny side .of the lanes, says, "lb curious thob in-this country, 'go subject to cold and -cold winds, so many outes aro built to" faco north-' or fpst Mouses nro generally builb to faco the read) quite irrespective of tbo aspect, which custop) te tho origin of many cheorloss dwelling. Tho vory snmo words might havo be-on said til this Viewer couutry, bavo that white it-is acold wind that comes off tho German Ocean, lb is a bob wind that sweeps down from uild- Austrrilin. But in Mclbourno to-day, as forty years ngo, tho builder and tho tenant havo littlo choice. Tho handkerchief allot-, mcnts are so small, that to do other/ wise than faco tho slrceb would bo to run tho risk of finding your fronb door open upon tho least attractive detail of yous neighbor's property. Facing tho stroots may bo— indeed must) be— in many cases clieor-; less, but'ibhnBAtlrnsb tho merit of putting you as far nwny ns possible from tho tynhoid. Writing of Mclbourno nearly forty years ago William Ilowitb said of tbo now suburbs < Collmgwood aud Richmond very mueu ' that will bear, repetition to-dny. "A balder and mora unattractive scene cannot mceb tho eyo of man. Every single tfco has bcon levelled to tho ground ; ib is ono hard bnro expanse, bare of all Nature's Attractions, a wilderness ofwoodenhutsafLiHiputhiudimcuBions. , , : Tho streets, so-called, all run iu truo gridiron or rather hurdlo stylo. . . , When God gives to his children new nnd amplo countries, what a pity tint tho devil Bhould so instantly show himself in theso fresh paradises, and utterly spoil them. The dovils of Government cupidity and trading speculation arc tho' curao of all new colonics, of nono so muoh as this. , , Tho ovor-prcssing throng is unclosed as ib wore in a pound till they romp over ami tread down each other, grow frantic nnd furious, and purchase tho littlo trampled modicum of stauding space undor ouch otiior'a feobab tho nioab fabulous price"ThooUl times writer, it is noticeable, had tlioFurltanV idea of Infinite justice, viz., taking from tho black mnn to givo to tbe white. Religion is unniistakcably a benefit. It gives us souieono upon whom wo may fathor our, transgres- My friend X, whom I have already men- tioned, has a grievance. His friends will per- sist in putting him on a pedestal and calling him a model man. He is genuinely a good fel- low in most of the things that make a man, but not quito so perfect as hte friends aro pleased to consider him, and ho knows it too. Tho weight of his virtues 1ms become n heavy burden, and lio rebels against it. Tho other ovonlug wo wercdiscuBsingamusoinontii, nud i said, "I am going to spend tho ovcuifig at ono of tho music baits, but, of course, you would nob enro for that Borb of thing," Thou tho spirit portnrbod by graco and nob by sin found touguo and spoke. It said, "Look here, now, I'm sick of posing aa a model man. I'm nut ono and I don't want to bo. I'm tirod of being n monument', of vlrtuo for old women to point ab approvingly with' their umbrellas, and young ones to pass by indifforontly. Wby tlrouldn'b I bavo a cotmlo of hours' rest from thinking as well ns ybu. Living up to ft reputation Is intolerable. There's Z ; no ono is surprised when they hear anything about liim. Indeed, thoy expeeb to hoar it, and., would bo inconvenienced if; thoy didn't. He goes on bis elufu), starchiest ' Wav roloioincr. nud I am £n lift rlnmtnnt.ml fnr ever by my stainless character. He can do anything. Thcro Are a thousand thinga I dnro nob do. Whnb would peqplo say, you know, for I'm such a model man. Bah ! I'll have a relapse. I'll get drunk nnd fall off this monu ment, nnd, if I can, I'll fall on my very per fect character, mid smash ib nil to bits." X has had his rolapse, nnd is now ono of rus. Wo wont to tho musio Imll together, and actually bad oysters on tho way home. Indeed X nearly fought ono of Mb best frionds, whom ho mot in tho saloon, simply beoMiso that friend looked surprised, and said, ' Well, I never expected to moot you hero." Ono of the small financial institutions was holding its mcctingjn a room across tho utrceh tho other day, their own" office boing scarcely, largo enough, and at tho closo of tho mooting tho chairman announced that the dividend— thoy were fortunate ouough to have such . a thing— would ho payablo by cheque at onco. And tho mooting rose as ono mnn nud started across iho street for tho dividend. Bub tho chairman appealed to them thus, "For Heaven's sake, gentlemen, don't tush over liko that or pcoplo will think tiio institution has col lapsed, and you may start a panic in tho city." The unanimity with which thoso shareholders decided nob to let tho dividend stand over until to-morrow, npoko - eloquently upon two points. First— tho exceeding acsreitv of ready roonoy, aud secondly, tho conversion nn old motto to tho present requirements of biiBiness in " Never leave until to-morrow whnb you can receivo to-day." After all a financial crisis lias somo good' effect, iu so lar tbae ib regenerates tho city. The man who accepts— without abking for it— tho loan of some of his employer's spare caah, on tho sanguine prlnciplo of finnnco, viz., tho chance of being ablo to put it bnclc agaiu boforo being found out, is one of the first to feel tho pinch, Andnext.to Mm thoao who of necessity wore sailing nomcwhab close to tho wind aro keenly sensitive of tho changed con ditions. So rogues— wlio always multiply when money is plentiful and tho desire to scoop in a largo pile of it great— drop out of tho busi ness world either for Fentridge or tiio Argentine Republic, and tbo commercial Hook is culled. Were things always bright 'ono would find tho ahoop nud goats hopelessly ' mixed, Ouo ofs the stories going round about tho city is of two speculators wiio worked together, not openly bub a very great deal in secret. And ultimately things cnm'e to such a crisis ' that 16 wns agreed that ono of thera niuab be scapegoat, white tbo other remained to pose as tbo injured innocent. Thoy saodown over a bottlo of wino and n pack of cards to decido who bhould bo tho scapegoat, and after a gamo in which each tried all hu knew to eucliro the other, the print was nettled. Three days later tho loser " skipped,' and uow fraka in frosb pastures. Meetings ot public companies aro araoogsb tho tnasb interesting newspaper . reading wo havo now, and ib is said tUab many of tho reporters havo a good plan Of forecasting tho . importance of tho meeting. If th'oro is a dividend of ton per cent ib is safe to. drop in any timo boforo the meeting closo®. \Vhen tho divhleud drops to five attendance at tho ineotiug may safely bo delay od uutil such timo as tho chairman having moved tho adoption of tho bnlanoe-shcot announces his willingness to answer any , questions. In ev?ry meeting of the kind there aro ono or two greedy shareholders who remember that tbey could have gob six per, cenb. from tho banks on fixed dcpoilts, and thoy may have questions, moro or les3 selfish in oliaraotor, to ask. Bub when thero is nb dividend, or only a mere apology of 2J per; cent., with apologies from tho directors, and an expression of kottor things in tho. future, tlicachorulote to attend ' punctually, for there is always electricity in tho air 011 such occasions. Aa a proof of,tho. rapidity with which paint- inga fnde, Ibis said that tiio "Poultry Vendor" in our Na tional Gailory, onco showed twenty figures In that dim background, while now nob mora than (ia)f t|i6 punibor are vaguely defined. Two frionds, tho 'ope iptcrestod in Arb, tho other in Naturo-r-pr as jnuoh'of. ,i£ aa a well-' dressed womnp over eiHibito —'were walking through tjio gallery . the other day, and refereuco. was made to theso figures having disappeared. " Disap peared I Whore to 1 " 'said tho ono whoso ideal in pictures was an oleograph. Of. course lb annoyed tho artist— it always docs annoy an artist to meet a man who knows less about art than ho does, though tho experience is rather pleasing to ordinary people; The ex- planationwas tinged with sarcasm. - "Wolf,' you see, tho artist painted theso pcoplo going home from market, and the picturo was ouch a triumph tjiat in course of tinio they actually , went." On the same theory, tho cab- : bagca, winch it is said were unco an important detail lo tha picture, may havo been so naturally painted, that they decayed ovon boyond tho stage ab which such veget ables are served up with corn beef in a boards idg house (of course Mrs, — — , ' four's A/ nob thab kind of boarding bouse. Thftnj quaint figures, tho critics say, wero tho real beauty of tho work, though for my part I havo always been most attracted by thn candle-light and thorooyes— a ycung man's convictions on art naturally would b# swayed to somo extent by a woman's eyes. The critic who gloried in tho figures was old, and so bilious thab ho dare not ovon look at a woman in a pork pio hat, I had a glance at a couplo of pictures in Col lins street this week, just a glance, for I couldu'6 loiter thero through tho fear ol mooting orcditors. Ono is a view of Mel bourne from tho Domain, with n nieo littla pool in tho foreground. Generally the ponds ore rather more smudged, with smoke and dust, and a trifle less poetic than wa find them in this picture. Possibly tha artist had thena washed and hung out to dry beforo painting- them. Wat I noted more particularly pas tho recur- ran co once jr.oro of the towers of tho Collins atrcefc churches. Thoy aro simply invaluable to tho artist, whether ho bo in tha Btudio or behind. tho stage. If an ovil-mindol earthquako wero in a fib- of passion to Aeatioy thoBp chufckQwo>i'4#uMrM.44clbM-:-; would pass out of cxutcneo oa far as its connection with art Is oonccmcd, The iccoud painting was a Gippslnnd bko accno' eomowlrat After Rolando, bub tbo artist with a supremo contempt for nature, has palatod tlio black BwanB with yellow bills and legs. They nrc, In fact, Anglo-Australian swans, types of Imperial Federation, Raster has como m with tlio chrysantiio- mums, and could scxrcoly havo como with sweeter garlands. Tho florists windows in Bwnnsiou stroob havo been radiant tlifs week villi tbo blooms that en many of us love. And this Autumn is notable ob being tho second centenary of tho chrysanthemums, that is to say, in their character of emigrants for they havo probably been twenty times 200 years under cultivation in China and Japan. It is nob loo much to say that they have n year for every variety, and in English catalogues nlono they liavo reached 2000, ' What a magnificent nutuinn garden ? And f when evolution intelligently directed ' may achibvo so much in a tittle time, surely chnnco evolution may In countless centuries bo truscod for something. Forty years ngo there woro D00 varieties of chrysan themums blooming in the.TeinplcGardcnsaloiip, and everyono who isalovcrofflowcrahas heard how in tho lost days of Autumn thousands rushed for a few moments out of the srnoko and strife and noiso of London for a glimpse of this gloriuUB flower show. Many and deep were tho regrets when untimely tempests and rain spoiled tho flower time. One needs mako no apology for dwelling a while upon this event — this doublo centenary of tho chrysauthemums. Tho first of them is said to havo been brought to Holland in 1G8D by the botanist Braynins, and tho botanical name bestowed upon it is sufficient evi dences that; the bloom was n yellow one— Chrysos, gold | umbos, a flower Such must havo been " tho derivation. Curiously enough, I find this week one of tho most beam lifiil blooms in Mr Futon's window to be the golden dragon. It wits a Chinese variety, and, taking tho history of the flower, together with yhiricso heraldry, into consideration, tho title b rather nppropriate-nob invariably tlio case when new varieties have to be named. The | gardeners' nnmos have, ns a rule, tho | demerit of in no \vay suggesting either i tho plant or its particular trails. 1 But then tho man who could find names 1 euphonious and descriptive for 2000 variations of the same flower would bo something more than a gardener— ho would bo a genius, Tlio distinction between tho Japanese and Chnso chrysanthemums is clenr enough, Tho former is artistically rugged and long poaveu, Its trasses thrown carelessly about like . the ringlets of a romping child. Tho Chinese t flower is moro symmetrical, more suggestive in . tinpe, of its Autumn companion the dahlia. Bri in both countries they aro equally 'cstamcd. Not merely is it tho national flo7er but is reverenced almost as carrying then back inlo tho mists of that antiquity whoh is their pride, Tlio pretty pompon, .wbcli tho French brought out less than half . a cotury ngo under the natno of Chusnn daisies | is to most modern of tho chrysanthemums— .if snh a flower can in any form be modern, f 1 inubt confess, though, to having prcircnco lor somo of tbo older chry- , aanhcmiims, as for many other old- .fattened flowers. But popular taato to- ' dajruns very much in tho direction of the lnrpj Jupaneao kinda and art colors such as tervcottn, chrome, amber, bronze and brown. Andwitli tho Help given him by tho florist, thcibiateurwho wishes to grow show chrysnn- theisms can scarcely fail. A rich soil aud a chaos for sunshino arc tho essentials. In ono of to'.windows there was a ledge of magnificent bloms grown by a young amateur at Bala- clav.j This fashion of tho florists of placing tlici finest blooms iu tho windows is, no doubt, an amicable advertisement, and good for crado Butt 'is something more. It gives those who havsieither gardens nor tho money to buy ftawrsoato 6haro in tho delight of thoso who posisa both. ' Were they material wealth thuuroudly displayed wo might envy the ownr/and call him "Oligarch," and other bad nnna of the Kind. Bub they aro only fleeting, bits! tho beauty of tho world, delighting, whilthoy last, our eyes equally with tho grows' By all moans, then, you who can affoi it, buy flowers and givo every encourage- niento tho gardener and tho florist. "W.h bo popular a flower it is somewhat ro marlblo tlmt'no pet namo has ever been found for to. chrysanthemum. Provincial England bas Inn entirely bappy In that respect; but pcrhflstlifa flower is not so old on emigrant as to ncero-chriatcning— other than as tlioy do t .G tju tho aotry places here, by ignoring tho syllable altogether, and cutting it down to CbryBantum.H For the same reason no doubt le jKicts ignored it, though tho flower must hve been n fcaturo in ninny Autumn scenes i which tho. latter generation of poets, at ay rate, have sung. In this case, probably, tere really was something in n name, for tough ho would bo a dull bard In failing to nliso tbo beauty of tlio chrysanthemum, Iio vuld bo a daring bard who would attempt to lyaae with it 