A uHardy Hosellan. By 0,!VA LYALL, 5,,t4ifw ' n(tw" xv,,," We To,." " In i/o'u/ldc, rays," "Kaighl-2.1i rl" st-c. CHAPTER XVIII.-c"-tiftthdd. FOR the next. lay or t'ii , Fithiof realised tittle. To the dutpilse and delight of all he slept alittost incessantly, waking only to take food, to make sure that Sigrid was with him, and to enjoy a delicious 'setse of ease and relief. Ht H'h Out of the wood now," said Dr. Mlotrit, cheerfully. "You came just in time, Miss Falck. But I will give you one piece of advice; if possible, stay In England and make your home wirth him. He ought not to be so much alodie." " You think that lHer day hate such an attack again ? "asked Sigrid, wistfully. 1 ho', I don't say that ht.all. Hie has a WEi'tddeful 'constitution, 'iad there is no teason why he should ever break down again. But 'he is Mllore likely to get de pressed if ht is alone, and you will be 1 s5lt 'ta 'revent his life from growing i tado tiWnotonous." `o as she lived through those qiet days in the sick-room, Sigridl rad& hher brain to think of sotle i\vay 'f making money, and seartghed, 3 oa any women hatr done be fore ihe\ the columns of the ieospapers, arid hiade fruitless inquiries 1 hiid whsted both time and money in the attempt. One day, Roy, coming in at 1 'his rsual hour in the morning to relieve ktird, brought her a fat envelope which he had found waiting for her in the hall. r She opened it eagerly, and made a little exclamation of disappoiisttffent and vexa tion. 1 "Arsythitg wrong ? "he asked. Shie began to laigh, thouigh.he fancied rie sa' teafrs ith her eyes. " Oh," she said, 'ft debs so ridiculous when I had been bxiestting such great things from it You tno' I have been trying to heat of work v in London, and there was an advertise ment in the paper which said that two a pounds a week might easily be realised t 'ither by teen or women without inter- i Teriig rith their present occupations, and ii that ill particulars would be given on v thb receipt of eighteenpence. So I sent the money, and here is a wretched alu minium pencil in return, and I Aim to I make this two pounds a week by.gettirog i orders for them." fThe absurdity of. the whole thing fi struck her-mor'e forcibly, and she laughed e Again more merrily; Roy laughed too. it " Has you nIatde any other attempts ?" a hie asked. fl "'hO }'yes," said Sigrid, " I began to try in Narway, and even attempted a story daid sent it to one of our best novelists to ask his opinion." "And what did he say?" S "tVell," she said, smiling, "he wrote Is back very kindly, but said that he could not conscientiously recommend anyone w to write stories whose sole idea in taking w up the profession was the making of t money. Myconscience pricked me there aid so I never tried writing again and ft heter will. Then the other day I wrote d to another place which advertised, and I got back a stupid bundle of embroidery s patterns. It is mere waste of money answering these things. They say woinet n can earn a guinea a time for shaving F poodles, but you see I have 1no experi- n ence in poodles," and she laughed ti merrily. I Roy sat nmusing over the perplexities c of ordinary life. Here was he with more g money than he knew what to do with, and here was the woman he loved strug- it gling in vain to earn a few shillings. Yet the mere fact that he worshipped her h made him chivalrously careful to avoid laying her under any obligation. As far o as possiblbo he would serve her, but in is this vithal question of money it seemed y that he could only stand aside and watch n her efforts. Nor did he dare to confess the truth to her as yet, for he perceived t quite plainly that she was absorbed in t Frithiof, and could not possibly for some time to come be free even to consider I her own personal life. Clearly at present r she regarded him with that frank friendli- a ness which he remembered well at Bal- t holm, and in his helpfulness had discerned s nothing that need be construed as the a attentions of a lover. After all he was e her brother's sole friend in England, and it was natural enough that he should do v all that he could do for them. "My father and mother come home t to-night," he said at length, " and if you I will allow me I will ask them if they a know ofanything likely to suit you. Cecil a will be very anxious to meet you again. Don't you think you might go for a drive a with her to-morrow afternoon? I would I be here with your brother." 1 "Oh, I should so like to meet her 1 again," said Sigrid, "we all likid her so much last summer. I don't feel that I really know her at all yet, for she is not very easy to know, but she interested me t just because of that" " I don't think any one can know Cecil who has not lived with her," said Roy, "she is so very reserved." "Yes; at first I thought she was just i gentle and quiet without very much character, but one day when we were out together we tried to get some branches of willow. They were so stiff to break that I lazily gave up, but she held on to hers with a strong look in her face which quite startled me, and said, 'I can't be beaten just by a branch.'" "That is Cecil all over," said Roy, smiling; " she never would let anything daunt her. May I tell her that you will see her to-morrow ?" Sigrid gladly assented, and the next day both Mrs. Boniface and Cecil drove to the little house at Vauxhall. Roy brought Sigrid down to the carriage, and with a very happy satisfied feeling intro duced her to his mother and watched the warm meeting with Cecil. " I can't think what would have become of Frithiof if it had not been for all your kindness," said Sigrid. "Your son has practically saved his life, I am sure, by taking care of him through this illness." "And the worst is over now, I hope," said Mrs. Boniface. "That is such a comfort." At the first moment Sigrid had fallen in love with the sweet-natured, motherly old lady, and now she opened all her heart to her, and they discussed the sad cause of Frithiofs breakdown, and talked of past days in Norway, and of the future that lay before him, Cecil listening with that absolute command of countenance which betokens a strong nature, and her companions little dreaming that their words, though eagerly heard, were like so many sword-thrusts to her. The neat brougham of the successful tradesman might have seemed prosaic enough, and an unlikely place in which to find any romance, but, nevertheless, the three Occupants, with their joys and sorrows, their hopes and fears, were each living out an absorbing life story. For every heart has its own romance, and whether living in the fierce glare of a palace, in the whirl of society, in a quiet London suburb, or in an East-end court, it is all the same. The details dilffer, the access sories are strangely dillesredt, but the loe, which is the great mainsprihg df life is precisely the same all the Wdoild : . " What knaket me a ioliseiable," said Sigtid, "is to feel that his life is, as it tert, blel,4, lhbugh he is so young; it has bdSpoiied and ruined for him when he is tit one-and-twenty." "But the very fact of his being so young seems to me to give hope that brighter things are in store for him," said Mrs. Boniface. "I do not think so," said Sigrid. "That girl has taken something from him which can never come again 1 it does not seem to me .possible ,thMt ad.. il hn love like that twice i a lifethii'e." "Pethaps hot jris if thiat tV y," `aid Mrs. BLonif'&. . "And besides," said Sigrid, "what.girl would care to take such love as he might now be able to give? 1 am suse nothinig would induce me fo accelpt any secondary love of that kind." She spoke as a perfectly heart-whole girl, frankly and unreservedly. And What she said was true. She UtXriould have been satisfied with Yeis than the whole it vaý heiet hitsre to exact much; she co'uf irove very devotedly, but she would 1 jealously demand an equal devotion in return. Now Cecil was of a wholly different type. Already love had taken possession of her, it had stolen into her heart almost I unconsciously and had brought grave shadows into her quiet life, shadows Ecast I by the sorrow of another. He Indtlo of I love was sinply hieddoin to 'love and setve; tb give her this freedorm ithere trust of course be frie love on the dther side, but of its kind or. of its degree she would never trosuble herself to thiik. For already her love 'ivs so pure and deep that it rendered her almost selfless. c Sigrid's speech troubled her for a minute f or two; if one girl could speak so, why 1 not all girls ? Was she perhaps less truly I womanly that she thought less of what f was owing to herself? "It may be so," she admitted, yet with t a latent consciousness that so infinite at thing as love could not be bound by anty I hard and fast rules. " But I canhdt help i it. Whether it is spmenly Or ,tht I t would die to give hih the least Yeal dom fort." " Tei Iadris to stop, Cecil," said Mrs. I Boniface. "We will get some grapes for t Mr. Falck." r And glad to escape from the carriage t for a minute, and glad, too, to be of use ii even in such a far-off way, Cecil went ii into the fruiterer's, returning before long a with a beautiful basket of grapes And la flowers. n " SEE what I have brought you," said Sigrid, ir-entering the sick-room a little later on. Frithiof took the basket and looked, with a pleasure which a few weeks ago would have been impossible to him, at the lovely flowers and fruit. "You have come just at the right time, for he will insist on talking of all the deepest things in heaven and earth," said Roy, "and this inmiks a good diver sion." 4'they are from Mrs. Boniface. Is it rot kind of her? And do you know, Frithiof, she and Dr. Morris have been making quite a deep plot; they want to transplant us bodily to Rowan Tree House, and Dr. Morris thinks the move could do you no harm now that you are getting better." His face lighted up with something of its former expression. " How I should like never to see this hateful room again ! " he exclaimed. "You don't know how I detest it. The old ghosts seem to haunt it still. iThere is nothing that I can bear to look at except your picture of Bergen, which has done - me more than one good turn." Sigrid, partly to keep him from talking too much, partly because she always liked to tell people of that little act of kindness, gave Roy the history of the picture, and Frithiof lay musing over the curious relative power of kindness and cruelty, - and was obliged, though somewhat reluc tantly, to admit to himself that a very slight act of kindness certainly did exert an enormous and unthought of influo- I ence. Physical disorder had had much to do with the black view of life which he had held for the last few months, but now that the climax had been reached and rest had been forced upon him his very exhaustion t and helplessness enabled him to see a side of life which had never before been visible to him. He was very much softened by all that he had been through. I It seemed that while the events of the I past year had embittered and hardened him, this complete break down of bodily strength had brought back something of his old nature. The bright enjoyment of mere existence could of course never return to him, but still, notwithstanding the scar of his old wound, there came to him during those days of his conva lecsence a sense of keen pleasure in Sigrid's presence, in his gradually return ing strength, and in the countless little acts of kindness which everybody showed him. The change to Rowan Tree House seemed to work wonders in him. The house had always charmed him, and the recollection of the first time he had entered it, using it as a shelter from the storm of life, much as Roy and Cecil had used his father's house as a shelter from the drenching rain of Bergen, returned to him again and again through the quiet weeks that followed. The past year looked now to him like a nightmare to a man who has awakened in broad day light. It seemed to him that he was lying at the threshold of a new life; worn and tired with the old life it was true, yet with a gradually increasing interest in what lay beyond, and a perception that there were many things of which he had as yet but the very faintest notion. Sigrid told him all the details of her life in Norway since they had last seen each other, of her refusal of Torvald Lundgren, of her relations with her aunt, of the early morning on Hjerkinshi. And her story touched him. When, stirred by all that had happened into un wonted earnestness, she owned to him that after that morning on the mountain everythinghadseemeddifferent, hedidnot, as he would once have done, laughingly change the subject, or say that religion I was all very well for women. " It was just as if I had worn a crape c veil all my life," she said, looking up from r her work for a moment with those clear > blue, practical eyes of hers. "And up t there on the mountain it seemed as if some one had lifted it quite away." I Her words stirred within him an uneasy r sense of loss, a vague desire which he : had once or twice felt before. He was quite silent for some time, lying back idly in his chair and watching her as she r worked. "Sigrid!" he said, at last, with a sup 1 pressed eagerness in his voice, "Sigrid, you won't go back again to Norway and I leave met?" salt I ea, ivi,. iiever 1eavq yqu;" ell sIr, vzrlnly ' I will try to find some sort of work. To-night I mean to talk to Mr. Boniface about it. Surely in this huge place there must be something I can do." " It is its very hugeness that makes one despair," said Frithiof. "Good God! what I went through last autumn ! And there are thousands in the same plight, thousands who would work if only they could meet with employment." " Discussing the vexed question of the unemployed ?" said Mr. Boniface enter ing the room in time to hStx this last t' nbljr.. .. "Yes," `aid Sigrid.smiling. "Though I'm a wretched foreigner come .to swell tlihir iumber. But wihat can be tlhecause of ,such distress. "1 think it is this," said Mr. Boniface, "population goes on increasing, but practical Christianity does not increase at the same rate." "Are you what they call a Christian Socialist ?" asked Sigrid. " No; I am not very fond of assuming any distinctive party name, and the Socialists seem to me to look too much to compulsion. You can't make people practical Christians by Act of Parliament; you have no right to force the rich to relieve the poor. The nation suffers, and all things are at a dead-lock because so many of us neglect our duty. If we argued less about the ' masses,' aid etly did as We oauld blI doie by to t Mu with whldiii lire brings t1 iittd coi tact I believe the diistress would sdon be at an eid." " Do..'oiu mpa s by that private alms giving ?" asked. rjthidf. ." Surely that cad only pauperize the people." " I certainly don't mean indiscriminate almsgiving," said Mr. Boniface; "I mean only this. You start with your own family; do your duty by them. You have a constant succession of servants passing through your household; be a friend to them. You have men and women in your emtploy i shtrE tlibli troubles. Perhaps you have tenarits; try to look at life from their .point 'df view. If Ke ill tried td do this the cire iould indee4 be fouind, and the breach between the.rich and poor bridged over." How simply and unostentatiously Mr. Boniface lived out his own theory Frithiof knew quite well. He reflected that all the kindness he himself bad received had not tended to pauperize him, had not in the least crushed his independence or injured his self-respect. On the contrary, it had saved him from utter ruin, and had awakened ip him ;t gratitude which would last all.his life. But this new cure was not to depend only oil tiaxation or on the Stati, but on a great influence working "ARE YOU WHAT 'IIrsY CALL. A CHRISTIAN SOCIALIST? within each individual. The idea set him s thinking, and the sense of his own ignor- ii ance weighed upon him. h One morning it chanced that, sitting I out in the verandah at the back of the h house, he overheard Lance's reading- a lesson, which was going on in the morn- t ing room. Sounds of laborious wrestling 1 with the difficulties of " Pat a fat cat," a and other interesting injunctions, made him realize how very slow human nature I is to learn any perfectly new thing, and a how toilsome are first steps. Presently s came a sound of trotting feet. " Gwen! Gwen !" shouted Lance, I "come here to us. Cecil is going to read r to us out of her Bible, and it's awfully I jolly !" He heard a stifled laugh from Cecil. " Oh, Lance," she said, " Gwen is much I too young to care for it. Come, shut the c door, and we will begin." Again came the sound. of trotting feet, then Cecil's clear, low voice. "What story I do you want ? " "Read about the three men walking in the fender and the fairy coming to them," said Lance, promptly. " Not a fairy, Lance." " Oh, I mean an angel," he replied, apo logetically. So she read him his favourite story of Nebuchadnezzar the king, and the golden image and the three men who would not bow down to it. "You see," she said at the end, " they were brave men; they would not do what they knew to be wrong. We wanm you to grow like them." There was a silence, broken at last by Lance. " I will only hammer nails in wood," he said, gravely. "How do you mean?" asked Cecil, not quite seeing the connection. " Not into the tables and chairs," said Lance, who had clearly transgressed in this matter, and had applied the story to his own life with amusing simplicity. " That's right," said Cecil. "God will be pleased if you try." " He can see us, but we can't see Him," said Lance, in his sweet childish tones, quietly telling forth in implicit trust the truth that many a man longs to believe. A minute after he came dancing out into the garden, his short sunny curls waving in the summer wind, his cheeks glowing, his hazel eyes and innocent little mouth beaming with happiness. "He looks like an incarnate smile," : thought Frithiof. And then he remembered what Roy had told him of the father and mother, \- and he thought how much trouble awaited the poor child, and felt the same I keen wish that Cecil had felt that he ;night be brought up in a way which should iibialk iihi able ito resit. iAatev' evil tendencies he had ihherithd. " If anything can save him it will be stiei t home as this," he reflected. Then, as Cecil came out into the verandah, he joined her, and they walked together down one of the shady garden paths. " I overheard your pupil this morn ing," he began, and they laughed together over the child's quaint remarks. "That was very good, his turning the story to practical account all by himself. He is a lucky little beggar tQ have you for his eatbhel-; I adddb} hihdt hakfs ,a thild so ready to swallow quite easily tlid iiiost difficult tiings.ln heavei aid earthi " " I suppose because he knows he can't altdgether understand, and is willing to take things on trust," said Cecil. "If anything can keep him straight when he grows up it will be what you have taught him," said Frithiof. "You wonder that I admit that, and a year ago I couldn't have said as much, but I begin to think that there is, after all, a very great restraining power in the old faith. The difficulty is to get up any sort of interest in that kind of thing." "You talk as if it were a sort of science," said Cecil. " That is precisely what It teeimis to te : and juist as onie man is born with a loie of botany, another takes naturally to astronomy, and a third has no turn for science whatever, but is fond of hunting d fishing so it seems to me with eligion: AlI f yopý perhaps, have inherited the tendeiicj froifi .yer Purit n iorefatlihers; but I have inherited quite thi opposite tendency from my Viking ances tors. Like them, I prefer to love my friend, and hate my enemy, and go through life in the way that best pleases me. I am not a reading man; I can't get up the faintest sort of interest in these religious matters." "We are talking of two different things," said Cecil. " It is of the mere framework of religion that you are speak igI, Vefy likeily itian' of its are born witlitiout any taste, for theology, di: IEi mbnis, dr Church history: We aie not bound surely to force up an interest in them." "Then if all that is not religion, pray what is it? You are not like Miss Char lotte, who uses phrases without analyzing them. What do you mean by feligion ?" "I npean knowing tra Idvihg biod," thi hid aftd'r a inorileht's pniiid. Her tone was very gentle, and not in the least didactic. "I have believed in a God always more or less," said Frithiof, slowly. " But how do you get to know Him?" " I think it is something in the same way that people get to know each other," said Cecil. " Cousin James Horner, for I instance, sees my father every day. He I has often stayed in the same house with him, and has in a sense known him all his life. But lie doesn't really know him I at all. He never takes the trouble really I to know anyone. Ie sees the outside of I my father-that is all. They have hardly anything in common." " \ir. Horner is so full of himself and < his own opinions that he never could I appreciate such a man as your father," I said Frithiof. Then, perceiving that his own mouth had condemned him, he re lapsed into silence. " What is your receipt, now, for getting to know a person ?" he said presently with a smile. "First," she said, thoughtfully, "a desire to know, and a willingness to be known. Then I think one must forget oneself as much as possible, and try to understand the feelings, and words, and acts of the one you wvish to know in the light of the whole life, or as much as you can learn of it, not merely of the present. Then, too, I am quite sure that you must be alone together, for it is only alone that people will talk of the most real things. He was silent, trying in his own mind to fit her words to his own need. "Then you don't think, as some do, that when once we set out with a real desire all the rest is quite easy and to be drifted into without any special effort." " No," she said," I do not believe in drifting. And if we were not so lazy I believe we should all of us know more of God. It is somehow difficult to take quite so much pains about that as about other things." "It can't surely be difficult to you; it always seems to be easy to women, but to us men all is so different." " Are you so sure of that ? " she said, quietly. " I have always fancied so," he replied. "Why, the very idea of shutting oneself in alone to think-to pray-it is so utterly unnatural to a man." " I suppose the harder it is the more it is necessary," said Cecil. "But our Lord was not always praying on moun tains; he was living a quite ordinary shop life, and must have been as busy as you are." Her words startled him; everything connected with Christianity had been to him lifeless, unreal, formal-something utterly apart from the every-day life of a nineteenth century man. She had told him that to her religion meant "know ing" and " loving," and he now perceived that by "loving" she meant the active living of the Christ-life, the constant endeavour to do the will of God. She had not actually said this in so many words, but he knew more plainly than if A .6 fhi hiad spoken that this wais her fme'5 ing' ef a'cd id smilenc tihe s idy garden walk. To Frithiof thb ivhole world seemed 1vdi thani it had ever been before. On the deadly #dioiotony of his business life there had ardsdfl it light which altogether transformed it. He did his best even now to quench its brightness, and said to himself, "This will not last; I shall hate desk and counter and all the rest of it as badly as ever when I go back." For it was his habit since Blanche had deceived him to dtoubt the lastingness of all that he idWfedt to keep: Still, though he doubted fdor tF. fiitife, the ifeserit tas wonder fully changed, and the ndtt,lded that had come into his life was the liest ildlitileie he could have had. Sigrid watched his returning strength with delight; indeed, perhaps she never realized what he had been during his lonely months of London life. She had not seen the bitterness, the depression, the hardness, the too evident deteriora tion which had saddened Cecil's heart through the winter and spring; and she could not see as Cecil saw how he was struggling up now into a nobler manhood. Ry instinctively felt it. Mr. Boniface, with his ready sympathy and keen iisight, totitfl out sdinethintg of the true state of the case; but only Cecil dctu ally knew it. She had had to bear the worst of the suffering all through those long months, and it was but fair that the joy should be hers alone. ,Frithiof hardly knew which part of thi day vids rodost pleasant to him, the quiet irorriin'g aft& Mr. Boniface and Roy had gone to town, when. hd and Sigrid were left to their oWd devices; flie pleasant little break at elevert wh'eh' Mrs. Boniface looked in to remind them that fruit was gold in the morning, and to tempt him with pears and grapes, while Cecil and the two children came in from the garden, bringing with them a sense of freshness and life; the drowsy summer afternoon when he dozed over a novel; the drive in the cool of the day, and the delightfuill horse evehiings with music and reading aloud. Quiet the life was it is true, but dull - never. Everyoiid haLd plenty to do, yet not too much, for Mr. Boiiface had a horror of the modern craie.for rushing into all sorts of philanthropic tindertak ings, would have nothing to do with bazaars, gioarned inwardly when he was obliged by a scnse of duty to attend any public meeting, and protested vehe mently against the multiplicatfit of " Societies." " I have a pet Society of my own," he used to say with a smile. "It is the Keeping at Home Society. Every house holder is his own president, and the com mittee is formed by his family." Notwithstanding this, he was the most widely charitable man, and was always ready to lend a helping hand; but he loved to work qtuietly, and all who be longed to him caught something of the same tone, so that in the house there was a total absence of that wearing whirl of good works in which many people live now-a-days, and though,perhaps,they had not so many irons in the fire, yet the work they did was better done in conse quence, and the home remained what it was meant to be-a centre of love and life, not a mere eating-house and dormi tory. Into the midst of this home there had come now some strangely fresh elements. Three distinct romances were being worked out beneath thatquiet roof. There was poor Frithiof with his shattered life, his past an agony which would scarcely bear thinking of, his future a desperate struggle with circumstances. There was Cecil, whose life was so far bound up with his that when he suffered she suffered too, yet had to live on with a serene face and make no sign. There was Roy already madly in love with the blue-eyed, fair haired Sigrid, who seemed in the glad re action after all her troubles to have developed into a totally different being, and was the life of the party. And yet in spite of the inevitable pain of love, these were happy days for all of them. Happy to Frithiof because his strength was re turning to him; because, with an iron resolution, he as far as possible shut out the remembrance of Blanche; because the spirit of life within him was slowly developing, and for the first time he had become conscious that it was a reality. Happy for Cecil because her love was no foolish sentimentality, no selfish day dream, but a noble love which taught her more than anything else could possibly have done; because instead of pining away at the thought that Frithiof was utterly indifferent to her, she took it on trust that God would withhold from her no really good thing, and made the most of the trifling ways in which she could at present help him. Happiest of all per haps for Roy, because his love story was full of bright hope-a hope that each day grew fuller and clearer. " Robin," said Mrs. Boniface one even ing to her husband, as together they paced to and fro in the verandah, while Frithiof l was being initiated into lawn- tennis in the garden, " I think Sigrid Falck is one of Sthe sweetest girls I ever saw.'" "So thinks some one else if I am not t much mistaken," he replied. "Then you, too, have noticed it. I am Sso glad. I hoped it was so, but could not f feel sur. Oh, Robin, I wonder if he has any chance ? She would make him such h a sweet little wife." i1 "I-low can we tell that she has nor left her heart in Norway?" tl " I do inot think so,"said Mrs. Boniface. it "No, I feel sure that can't be, from the p Waf" hin iwhich slihe speaks of hIerlife there. at If t(fi& is any rival to be feared it is si Frithi f. lie} of eid t6 me wrapped up tl in each other, anid )t is ohly natural too tl after all their troubid stid stiainafion and this illness of his. How strong hieis get= sl ting again, and how naturally he fakes to sl the game I He is such a fine-lookitig a fellow, somehow he dwarfs every one b, else," and she glanced across to the oppo- of site side of the lawn, where Roy with his e' more ordinary height and build certainly cc did seem somewhat eclipsed. And yet to ft her motherly eyes that honest, open, F Ehglish f2c6, 'with its sun-burnt skin, si was perhaps fithe fairest sight ih the world. Not that she was a blditi iricd foolishly t loving mother, she knew that fit had his f faults. But she knew too that he was a a sterling fellow, and that he would make u the woman he married perfectly happy. cl Theywereso taken up with the thoughts of the visible romance that was going on Io beneath their eyes, that it never occurred to them to think of what might be pass- v` ing in the minds of the two on the other e] side of the net. And perhaps that was just as well, for the picture was a sad one lo ti and would certainly have cast a shadow h1 upon their hearts. Cecil was too brave in and resolute and self- controlled to allow her love to undermine her health; nor did she so brood upon her inevitable loss that she ceased to enjoy the rest of life. There was very much still left to her, and though ot times everything seemed to her flavoliless and insipid, yet the mood wouldpass and shewould be able intensely tdo hjof her hohie life. Still there was tic no denying that the happiness which mc seeimed cswniitig for Roy and Sigrid was denied to the other two; they Were landi- fm capped in the ganie of life just as they *lu were at tennis, the setting sao shone full to, in their faces and made the play infinitely an,, more difficult, whereas the others play- ca ing in the shady courts Ihad a considerable in advantage over them. "Well ! is the set over?" asked Mr. ce] Boriface as the two girls came towards Fr them. th "Yes;" cried Sigrid, merrily. "And pr actiaflly our side has won ! I am so wi proud of having beatenr. Cecil and Frithiof, of for, as a rule, Frithiof is one of those de- '' testable people who win everything. It was never any fun playing with him when lei we were children, he was always so ` lucky. tic As she spoke iifthiof had come ap the u steps behind her. va " My luck has turned, you see;" he said, an,, with a smile in which there Itas a good on deal of sadness. But his tone was play- is ful and indeed it seemed that he had rec entirely got rid of the bitterness which H had once dominated every look and wa word. on "Nonsense l" she cried, slipping her he hand into his arm. "Your luck will re- ev IL'nl, it is only that you are not quite of strong again yet. Wait a day or two and i shall net have a chance against you. a You need not grudge me my one little O victory." TI "It has not tired you too much?" rec asked -Mrs. Bonitace, glancing up at is Frithidf. There was a glow of health in an his face which she had never before seen, t ho and his expression which had once been va stern had grown much more gentle. h "But I see," she added," that is a foolish d, question, for I don't think I have ever oa seen you looking better. It seems to me of this is the sort of exercise you need. We let you stay much too long over that translating in the old days." "Yes," said Sigrid; "I hardly know whether to laugh or cry when I think of Frithinf, of all the people in the world, doing learned translations for such a man as Herr Sivertsen. He never could en- 5l dure sedentary life." - "And yet," said Mr. Boniface, pacing s< along the verandah with her, " I tried in at vain to make him take up cricket. He re declared that in Norway you did not go tl in for our English notions of exercise for the sake of exercise." "Perhaps not," said Sigrid; "but he h was always going in for the wildest adven lutes, aind never had the least taste for books. Poor Frithiof, it only shows how brave and resolute he is; he is so set tl upon paying off these debts that he will sacrifice everything to that one idea, and will keep to work which must be hateful to him." " He is a fine fellow," said Mr. Boni- tl face. " I had hardly realized whai his previous life must have been, though of course I knew that the drudgery of shop life was sorely against the grain." I " Ever since he was old enough to hold a gun he used to go with my father in August to the mountains in Nord fjord, for the reindeer hunting," said Sigrid.v "And every Sunday through the winter v he used to go by himself on the wildest excursions after sea-birds. My father said it was good training for him, and as long a as he took with him old Nils, his skyds mand-I think you call that boatman in English-he was never worried about him when he was away. But sometimes I was afraid for him, and old Gro, our nurse, i always declared he would end by being drowned. Come here, Frithiof, and tell Mr. Boniface about your night on the fjord I by Bukken." His eyes lighted up at the recollec- I lion. "Ah, it was such fun!" he cried; " though we were cheated out of our sport I after all. I had left Bergen on the Satur day, going with old Nils to Bukken, and there as usual we took a boat to row across to Gjelleslad where I generally slept, getting up at four in the morning to go after the birds. Well, that night Nils and I set out to row across, but had not got far when the most fearful storm came I down on us. I never saw such lightning t before or since, and the wind was terrific, inwe could do nothing against it, and indeed it was wonderful that we did not go to the I bottom. By good luck we were driven back to land, and managed to haul up the s boat, turn it up, and shelter as best we could under it, old Nils swearing like a r trooper and declaring that I should be the y death of him some day. For four mortal g hours we stayed there, and the storm still .s raged. At last by good luck I hunted up n four men who were willing to run the risk o ofrowing us back to Bergen. Then off we af set, Nilsvowing thatweshouldbedrowned ItI and so we were very nearly. It was r- the wildest night I ever knew, and the es i rowing was fearful work, but at last we .y got safely home." "And you should have seen him," cried Sigrid. "He roused us all up at :d half-past six in the morning, and therehe cf was, soaked to the skin, but looking so me bright and jolly, and making us roar with of laughter with his description of it all. And I really believe it did him good; for after at a few hours' sleep he came down in the best possible of humours. And don't you m remember, Frithiof, how you played it all of on your violin ? " ps "And was only successful in showing how vwdl NiTt growled," said Fritfiof, laughing. The reference to the violin suggested the usual evening's music, and they went into the drawing-room where Sigrid played them some Nowegian airs-, oy standing near her, and watching her fair, sweet face which was still glowing with the recollection of those old days of which they had talked. "Was it possible," he thought, "that she who was so devoted to her brother, that she who loved the thought of perilous adventures, and so ardently admired the bold, furless, peril-seeking nature of the old Vikings, was it possible that she could ever love such an ordinary, humdrum, commonplace Londoner as himself? He fell into great despondency, and envied Frithiof his Norse nature, his fine phy sique, his daring spirit. How infinitely harder life was rendered to his friend by that same nature, he did not pause to think, and sorry as he was for FrithioPs troubles, he scarcely realized at all the force with which they had fallen upon the Norwegian's proud, self-reliant character. Absorbed in the thought of his own love, he had little leisure for such obser vations. The one all-engrossing question excluded everything else. And sometimes with hope he asked himself, " Can she love me?" Sometimes in despair assured himself that it was impossible- altogether impossible. (To be con Inued.) 