THE UNLAID GHOST ONCE MORE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir, Free trade is (dead and buried, and Mr. Zox is its solitary mourner. But its ghost refuses to be laid, or, rather, its manyghoBta persist in name at inconvenient times to affright the souls of those who killed it. Some of these ghosts, according to Mr Davis, M L C, ore on the Treasury benches, though Mr. Zox sees them not. Others haunt the Chamber of Commerce, and a few the Chamber of Manufactures, but the most terrible spectre of all rises behind the farmers' leagues, and can only be exercised by a stock tax heavy enough-not to increase the price of meat, oh, no 'but to regulate it. The cry is, "If you don't give the farmers an increase in the stock tax they will all turn freetraders." The present stock tax does not keep out a single hoof. It is very doubtful if Pten the 21 on eggs will stop the South Australian hens from laying and their owners from sending the eggs to Victoria, and it is equally uncertain if the extra Id on iam will go to the fruit grower. Mr. Gillies offers us these and a few other good things, but he takes more from us. The total increases and new duties amount to £70,300, and of this sum only £23,000 is on farm and garden produce. What is this among so many' Mr McLean says that the adult agricultural population is 160,000. I think that he has omitted the wives and daughters ¡ but, taking his hearers, the estimated revenue, it equally divided among the farmers, will give them exactly 2s 11 Jd each as their share of the new protective duties on produce. Of course they won't get the money. That goes into the Treasury, where it is not wanted, and the gain to the producer is presumed to be the one in value of his produce caused by the tax Well, let us take one item and see how this will be. Say that eggs are selling in Melbourne at 8d. per dozen. Then the South Australian egg merchant will only get 0d and possibly may decline to send them at that price. So, the importation ceasing, Victorian engs nee to 10d. or la, and, as 2d. less than these prices will pay our neighbours, the trade commences again, and down go eggs. This is what our protectionist teachers call steadying the market " And what applies to eggs applies also to sheep and cattle. Mr M'Lean tells us that at present the price of beef times from 12s to £2 per 100lbs and that an increased duty would prevent such extreme fluctuations, and confine it within the limit of from 20s. to 27s perlOOIb. W hot the increased duty is to be we are not told, but it would certainly not be more than 20s per head. Taking the average fat bullock to be 7000., this would be equal to about 3s. per 100lbs and as this would not prevent the New South Wales and Queensland growers from sending fat cattle across the border at any time, the tax would fall chiefly upon store cattle, and the Victorian farmer, who has not land enough to breed on, would really pay the duty. The same calculation applies to sheep, and it is to New South Wales that the small farmer looks for the big merino store wethers that fatten most quickly with him, and bring a higher price from the better quality of their wool. He would probably have to ney more for these us stored it the duty were raise I, but he would assuredly get no more for them when they were fat. And, granting all that is said about the "steadying" effects of a duty on stock, is it intended to levy the same tax upon dead meat Because the recent experiments in carrying carcases in cool trucks point to an almost certain revolution in the trade, and who was the man who will venture to propose a duty of 2d. per lb. on beef and mutton The Trades hall would have his scalp twelve hours afterwards. And that brings us face to lace with the other side of the question, or rather of the bargain, that is to be made with this redoubtable Trades-hall for which the farmer, poor fellow, is no match. The president of the Victorian Farmers' Protection Association eula rather a sorry figure in the report of the reception given him by the Trades-hall Council last week, and it is a little humiliating to see the representative of the farmers of Victoria bowing in the ante- chamber of the labour parliament, and offer- ing to sell his great and powerful constituency for a very sorry mess of pottage. And, small as the mess is, there are evidently a number of the representatives of labour who are not inclined to give it at all, and who look upon the farmer as an in- trader within the charmed circle of protection. However, as we are in the market it may be well to see what price is to be paid stores, and what we are expected to give in return It is the more necessary to do so because our champions of the Farmers' Protection Association have published a series of so called statistics, which are utterly false and misleading, and which profess to show that the farmer suffers more by the absence of heavy duties on agricultural and pastoral products than he does from the duties on manufactures. As duties on important agricultural produce are hardly in question just now, and ore, with the exception of oats and barley, of very little consequence, I will confine myself to stock imported and exported, as given in the last Year Book issued by the Government statist: I torsos. CaUlu . Sheep . Imports. Number. 6 371 DILLON 1,070,1.1)1 Reports Number nice 17\. Wl 6 35 So that we exported 1,093 more horses than we imported, and the net number of cattle and sheep imported after deducting exports was as follows : Cnttls 8-11 Sheep .&D;_i,_.lel The number of cattle in Victoria in that y ear 1837 exclusive of milch cows, was öfiü,C05, which was a decrease on the previous year of 033 head. The number of cattle slaughtered was 210,34"!, and we therefore consumed the whole of the increase and 933 head in addition. But our net imports, as shown above, were 82 015 head, and these disappeared also , so that, had there been no imports, the return would have shown decrease equal to the whole of our net imports added to the actual degree of 933, or 82,9 And now for sheep - In March, 1887, then, went; in the colonies "Mr .ñu In March, lid, Allied),;.'! Shows. big decrease .... 03 682 The number of sheep and lambs slaughtered during the year was 2 214,730, so that we consumed the whole of our increase in sheep in addition to the actual decrease of 93,082, and also the net import of 611,8 10 In other words, if we had neither imports nor exported any sheep or cattle mining 1887-8 our stock of cattle would have decreased by 82,018, and our stock of sheep would have diminished by - Ihn actual decrease .. " .. n*l,f*S2 And the net importer's s 1 It Total. 7.62 By extending the figures over several years additional proof is easily obtained, thus. In 1881 the number of cattle in the colony, exclusive of tulloh cows, ma.n.T.on In lbbS.VfiOftl» Itiorcasoin never tears .... f) 14) During those seven years we imported, less exports, about half a million cattle, and, presumably, eat them, in addition to nearly the whole of our increase. Again, In 1881 the number of sheep in the colony wa«.101(10 isle 1S--.10,000,7-1 Increase) in seven years .. 2.0,30 We imported during this term, lead exports, about three and a half millions of sheep, and, presumably, eat them also In addition to the increase, less the above small balance. In 1875 we had a million more sheep than we have now i but our horses, in spite of a continual export, have nearly doubled in number in the same time, and this is another proof that the statistics of our consumable stock are faith correct, lb on if we add the milch cows, the deficiency in the supply of Victorian bred cattle would be very heavy, 'The outcome is that our cattle have increased less than 1 per cent in seven years, and our sheep a little more than 2 per cent, in the same time What cornes then of the story of which we have heard so much that Victoria had four and a half years' stock of sheep and cattle, and so is independent of the other colonies' Mr Trenwith matin that triumphant statement during the elections, and may be forgiven because he cannot be expected to know anything about it; but Mr. McLean girth pastor ! Hu, at least, must know that Hillocks and wethers do not breed, and that if we eat the cows and ewes also we all all BOOK come to grief Of course, I know that the reply to all this is, that it importation ceases, or is seriously checked, Victorian graziers will begin to breed more stock. But surely the land, which Mr. McLean says hua rust I'lO 000 000 to improve, can be more pro suitably used than in raising store stock, for which the vast territory of New South Wales and Queensland is an nell lifted. I have devoted so much space to the consideration of the price to be paid to the farmer for his adhesion to protection, and which I fear is only on paper, not negotiable, that I can only briefly notice the other side of the bargain. A conference is to be held between the officials of the Farmers' Protec- tion Association and the agricultural imple- ment makers and others who desire a very substantial increase in the duties on imports, 'the conference is, of course, the suggestion of the Trades hall Council, and I would recall to the memory of the farmer, the story of the spider and the Hy, They are pretty well tangled up in the web of protection as it is, credit the threads are to be strengthened again they may be strangled altogether. The list of articles upon which increased duty is demanded includes very nearly everything used by the farmer in his business, and upon which there is now a duty of 20 per cent, it is proposed to raise this to 35 per cent We are told, as usual, that this will not increase the price of the colonial article, but that it is intended to keep out the foreigner Well, I, for one, have no objection to keep out the foreign seller if the foreign buyer can be kept out also If I can sell my wool and wheat, it, for consumption in the colons at as good a price as the foreigner will give I am satisfied But I know very well that I cannot, and I know also that if there are no imports the value of exports will speedily fall, and that I shall not only have to pay more for what I hu), but get less for what I have to sell If I have to go abroad to sell I or someone for me, must go abroad to buy There can be no one sided dealing Besides, I doubt very much if the additional duty will not raise the price of the colonial article, especially when I bear the furniture makers, the hatters, the broom and brush makers, the carriage builders, and the rest all complaining that their trades and unprofitable, and that they cannot compete with the importer, who is able to undersell them But does that really concern the farmer setting aside the sentimental view of the question' He has to compete in the " foreign markets of Great Britain with the Russian, American, and Indian wheat grower, the Egyptian and South American woolgrowers, the Conti mental winemakers in fact there is hardly a single product of the Victorian farmer which has not to meet the competition of the world market, and why then should he help to make a close monopoly of the home market againSt. himself If the Melbourne manufacturers cannot supply our wants at the same prices as we can buy elsewhere, why should we not be allowed to go elsewhere' Not one of swishes to do so We are content to buy at home, even though we must sell abroad, but we must buy in an open market I like illustrations, and here is one I have just bought a plough by a first class Melbourne maker, and an excellent plough it is I paid JLJO for it. Now, I can buy as good a plough delivered in Melbourne, if there were no duty on it, for 121 The duty at present would be £4, and, it it be raised, as proposed, to 35 percent, it will be about 17, and probably prohibitive Can I believe, then, that if all outside competition be thus excluded, the price and quality of the colonial plough will remain the same' I think not. As to the proposal to put a duty of 33 per cent, on reapers and binders, and on butter workers and creamery now admitted free it is an infamous attempt to rob the man who is of all others the struggling farmer, namely, the wheat grower and dairy man. It is a fact that all the proposed new duties, With the exception, perhaps, of works of art and silk hats, neither of which are in our was directly concern the farmer, and a large proportion of them would come out of his pocket. And set his self appointed guardians, IIIB supposed watch dogs, are leaguing with the wolves. we bat are the other leagues about that they do not make their voices heard in emphatic protest against this conspiracy' 1 freetraders are all bigoted, we know, and a "bigot has been denned to be "a dog who doesn't believe in allowing other dogs to wag their own tails in their own way, ' but a bigoted protectionist goes further, and insists on all the dogs wagging their tails his way, and no other 'lhereB where we differ - Yours, Pte, SAML. RINDLU. Wedderburn, Aug. 17. 