l0lovelot, The Midnight Prophecy 01 TaiE HIEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. BU Eutmmt Ga'r'isonT Jones. CHAPTER LXVII. "I WILL SAVE YOU." "I climbed the gory vulture's nest. And found the trembling dove within." The voice of Mother Gwynneth aroused her from a deep sleep, the sleep of utter exhaustion. She started uip with a thrill of'terror. The sun woo shining in at the window, and ihe old woman was placing the tray containing her breakfast on the table. " Ye slumber Into, my lassie," she re marked, as Maggic sprang up, all dressed as she lhad thrown herself down ; "ye inast a keep bad hours lastniglht ;see'" petnted to the empty candlestick-" yer epaodles burnt out." S'f?liketo burn my light all night in 4lhis ghostly place," replied Maggie quietly, lut tirilling with terror lest the dibt op her clothes or some disarrange. .: eot about the room should betray her; ond'Igotto rummaging among the dusty Jqa bonks, too, to pass away the timoe tUs awfully dull shut up in this way, my good woman." . 7Weel, weel," responded the old w man. her eyes gleaming wickedly, ' 'twas yor own stubborn will as brung ye here; why diana ye marry the young laird at once ?" i" Because I was foolish, 1 dare say," .sad Maggie, obeying a sudden determin aion .to pretend site was being conquered in order to .ward off suspicion ; " but Lorda Anus should have been patient and enut whisiked me off and shut me up like a prisoner. I can't forgive hint." " • ps, ye can," coaxed Mother Gwyni ieth. , " Why lie done it all fur love of ye, ant hobe a braw young laird is any lassio need hoe proud to win. Ye'll for gib''ft1n n' meet him wi' a kiss when he gets back from Lunnon, wan't ye now ?' MaRggie tossed her head with a charm. ing coquettish air. " When does he come 1" she asked. "Tp-morrow, mcbbe; he thought to be gonea week, but Berkit came last night ain' says he'll be back sooner-so ye may be lookin' yer puttiest. Coom, here's yer breakfast all hot now ; sit ye down an' a', an' dont fret any more; I shall be busy to-day, since the young laird cuoms to-tmarrow." and Maggie heard her go shuffling down -the great stairway with the blood-hound whining at her hcols. He followed the old creature wherever she went. 'To-morrow ! Lord Angus coming back to-morrow I Oh, what should she do ? How should she escape I She eat for a long time in deep thought. There seemed to be no hope, and she came to her decision in silent calmness. If the worst camo she would slip through the aperture, replace the sliding panel, and lie down in the awful gloori somewhere below and die. They \- would hover find her for it was evident they knew nothing of the secret pas a?st it would be a dreadful end to life sad her old father mourning over her liis. And the E trl of Strathspey ! At thought of him she started up. The re maombrance of his white face and hungry eyes thrilled her with new hope. She crossed over to thi table. The breakfast was very tempting and she was weak and hungry. She ate one cake, a little bit of the broiledbacon, and swallowed a mouth ful of tea; the renaainderashe reserved fir the poor sufferer below. But dare shei attempt to mrke the descent by daylight ? What if some dnue should cnt-. Is r hroaml and find the panel open, the acer.t sLair way revealed ? But she could not bear to It the earl famish throughout the long, long day. She resolved to risk it. Taking the food in her apron as before she removed the panel and hurried down. When she reached the vault she was breathless. The peer, reclining on his bed of stone, heard ]her coining and ari"ne to meet her, his white face eager and smiling. It had seemed an eternity sinmce she left him." She spread her breakfast before himis and invited him to partake of it. "But, my little friend," he said, gravely, his eyes turning with wistful long ing toward the food, in spite of his will, "I cannot prolong my life at the cost of yours-you bring me your food while you are starving i" SsiOh, no," she cried. " No, indeed. I have eaten asome, and I s?ll ll have ImireI at noon-please eat it, and Iry to gol. yo ur s::ltrength; you will need it all. And I must lenvo you again this moment. I will come again; in the meantime, rer:ain quiet, and do not despair. The darkest hour is just before the dawn." She fl d away as she had come, with noiseless steps, up tile spiral stairs, and back to her prison. Tihe morn;ing wore away. Noon came, and a hot September sun blazed downl upon the hoary battleients; thle long.long afternoon, tile cool gray twilight, and at last, at last tile silent night. Maggie threw aside tile old volume she had been trying in vain 'o read, and went to the window with a sigh of relief. The day had seemed so endless, and she had lor.ged for the night with a vague hope. A groundless hope, alas, for there was not tie most remote possibility of escape. Yet she longed with feverish imr patiercae for the darkness, and welcomed it now, and watched thegreat white stare, flashing out in the far-off sky, with tear dimmed eyes. Her keeper came up with her supper and a ittloe morsel of candle that would not last through half tie night. "I won't have ye watching the night through, an' usakin' a ghost o' yersel," she said; "go to bed like a gude lassie; yer braw young sweetheart will be here to-morrow. Maggie shuddered and sat down by the casement, that foolish, vague hope still tormenting her. She reserved horsupper for the earl, intending to take it down to him by and by. Slowly the hours went by, and she sat there counting her own heart-beats. She could hear the fir trees moaning in the September winds, and the sea beating on tie sands below, and at last, after weary, weary waiting, she heard that for which she had hoped with such feverish unrest. The sweet flute-notes set to the music of the dear old song, ' The Camp bells are coining." As.rured now that it was intended as a signal to herself, ashe arose, in a tremor of excitement, and lit her bit of candle. Then she made her way out, and started up the dizzy stairs again. Impatience winlged her feet, and she rmade the long and tiresome ascent very speedily. A stout wind was blowing when she reached the tower-chamber, and she hurried her candle into a sheltered corner lest it should be blown out. Then she tore a strip from her apron, and twisting it into a wisp, lit it at the blaze, and hastening to the window throw it out as before. Tihe wind caught it and whirled it away, like a flaming pennon in tile dark ness, and swift as thought, from below, came the dulcet numbers of "Highland Mary." Maggie knew that she was answered. A delicious thrill stirred her heart, and a bright bloom suffused her waxen cheeks as he gazed down the dizzy distance. She could see a man's figure crossing the barren heath below, and raising an arm, ever and anon, with a warning gesture. She watched the dark, tall figure with fascinated eyes. It saproached the base of the ruins with rapid steps, and then she lost sight of it. Still she did not re move her fascinated gaze, but continued to lean over the stone sill, her eyes strained down into the shadowy depths below. Ten minutes passed in dead silence I Then, all at once, a strain of cxquisite melody broke on her ear. And, wonder of wonders, it came, not from the heath below, but from some near point. Her heart throbbed with painful rapidity, and shal drew back half in terror. Ten minutes more ! The great owl, startled from his roost in the ivy, flew out with a wild cry, and in the after silence the girl caught, at intervals, the sound of hoarse, panting respirations. Impelled by some orriotion stronger than her terror, she leaned far out into tihe night, and she caught sight of a man's cead protruding above tile clustering ivy. A low, startled cry escaped her lips. It was instantaneously answered. " Be quiet," spoke a clear, firm[ voice, a voice that inspired her withi confidence and courago; "do not fear; I am coming to helpyou." ar Come on I" elshe responded, still look ing out. The ivy vines that clung about the lofty tower began to shako and rustle, tile panting respirations cante nearer, and presently the man's head came distinctly into view-a handsome, blonde head, and a pair of shining, resolute blue eyes. Their owner was accomplishing the dar ing feat of climbing the " Border Watch tower" by aid of the ivy vines that covered it. He came up cautiously, but fearlessly, now clinging by his arms, now finding a foothold against the rugged masonry. Maggie grew sick and faint as she watched him, but he smiled up into her white face, as it hung over him in the silvery moonlight; and in another breath he swung himself up to the window-sill, anl Icalped in. Covered with perspiration, and almost gasping from his great exertion, his close fitting iunting-jacket tom into shreds, his handsome face lushed, his blonde curls all in a tumble ; yet Maggie knew him in all instant. lHe was the young stranger who had drawn her from under the horse's feet at tihe "Lion and the Unicorn," and to whom shaie appealed for help when Lord Arnaus forced her away. Her eyes brighttnerd, and a lovely color rose to her cheeks. She extended her hand with a shy but exquisite grace. "I remnicber you," she said, simply; "and you have risked your life to conmeto Tlie young uran bowed, and tooke the cold little lingers in hiis own shapely hand. "No, niot quite that," hie replied. " ''Twns a close thiing, I'll admoit, bur I've a talent for climrbing, and tie icy is stron, and safe ; my lifa was illu a danger. Brit I'm g.ad you reti.?lriber trlre," he added, with a tl.rshiig glanuc, "bbec.use r 've never flrgrrlltrrn -oui for oie single inomerirt sleerping r r waking, your face has hatnted rie. I knew vrr ;were, not mad, as they asserted, and I determined to saue you. 1 follownd the car'risit, Irhat bsere yi, anoy thatr night. rard s-tw yon cnveyed irto this place ; and finding nsr ther nldrle of entiaLCne, you sR., 'lre climbed thse gory vulture's neat.' Arnd now, whIat can I do fur yru ?' " Help me to escaper," replied Maggie, proriithl-. "If I re:main till to-morroo, a fate wa-rse than deahlt will le mine." lie crnsaidered ira moment, lis harnidsomer faer etlrlletd lowarr thie r( illni irsoan. S'"First. tell rni,'" s-. thsrn repl~ied, " i.r' yoi revor ir tlagerd h, get up here, if, as I infer, yoeu have b.ent boll s 1-r;i soner. You surely did not ascend by the secret stairway ?" " Yes, I did," Maggie replied. " Idis covered it by chance, anld came liup here attracted ly the sound of your fautoe; but I fancied no one know that such a stair way existed." Tile young man smiled, showing lhis handssole white teeth. " You fancied rightly. I stumbled upon it icy chance, like yourself, when this old place was unoccupied and I was here on an investigating tour ; but 1 can't well believe that /youe had the courage to ascend it." "I did," said Maggie. "I would go through the gates of death, I think, to lmalke ? ly escape." lie flashed another glance upon her from his bright blue eyes. " Come, lhen," lie said ; " we have no time to lose, and there is but one way. The doors and gates are barred ald bolted, and Mother Gwynneth and her blood-hound are playing sentinel. We must go downt by the ivy." Maggie started in surprise, and grew a shade paler as she glanced down the dizzy distance. "There's no danger," replied the stranger, encouragingly; "if you will only trust me, I will save you. Cose I" He held out his hand, and Maggie drew near. "Now you'll have to cling to me with all your strength-here, this way, so that I can use miy hands in descending, and do not fear ; you look like a brave girl." She permitted him to clasp her close, while she twined her arms about his stal wart shoulders. He was just on the point of springing through the window, when she uttered a quick cry I "Oh, I had forgotten I" she exclaimed ; " how utterly selfish I am in my eager ness to save myself. There is another prisoner in this old castle-away down in the old donjon keep, the Earl of Stralt spey lies dying. We must save himi-I won't leave him behind." The young man turned and faced her, a curious expression il his eyes; " Wiat do you say ?" he cried ; " thile Earl of Strathepey a prisoner here ?" " Yes-his own son, or thle boy rather, who has been reared as his son, lured him here by a false letter, and locked him in the denjon to die. Providence sent me down to him, I think, and I saved Ihis life by sharing my food with him." ".And why should this boy lure his father here, and leave him to die ?" ques tioned the stranger, a slight tremor run ning through his clear voice. " The carl suspects that the boy is not his son, and talks of renouncing him, and the young man wants to murder him, and secure the earldom." For the space of an instant the young man stood silent, a slow flash arising to his fair, clear- cut face. "Well," he ejaculated at last, "of all strange things, this is the strangest, the Earl of Strathspoy incarcerated hero by his son and heir. I can scarcely believe it." "It is true," cried Maggie, eagerly ; "and he will die- lie looks like death now--and I have carried him no food since morning. Oh, sir, can't you help me l" 'Of course I will-I'll rouse the oflicers of the law, and ransack this old ghost nest from top to bottom--" ' But every moment is precious," inter posed Maggie ; "the young Lord Angus, as lie is called, falsely enough too, for I have the roef that lihe is no son of the earl." ' What, you have the proof ?" ' Yes-I found it, as 1 seem to find everything, by mere chance, in the flan nel mantle worn by that poor little babe that was found, on the Tyrol mountain the written proof that--" "Hist !" cried the young man, catching at her arm, " there's a carriage below put out your candle, quick !" Maggie darted across to the curner int which the candle flickered, and cx tinguished it with a breath, then she turned to the cindow, gazing cautiously down. A two-wheeled vehicle containing 1a couple of men was bowling up the gravel walk. In a second they paused at the great gate, and one of theml Iaped out, and proceeded to unlock it. Maggie had a fair view of the other as he sat in the white moonlight. "Oh, heavens!" she whispered, her cheeks paling with terror, "it is Lord Ailgisl, the earl's son ; we are lost T' "Nay," replied the stranger, " not lost yet. See, they have entered--31ther twynneth's blood-hound bids theia wetl comle. Come !" He clasped hlier firmly with one arm and approached the window. " But thie earl ?"gasped Maggie, shiver. ing with terror, as ohu heard the fierce baying of tile beast below. " I'll save him," replied the young mian, quietly; "but you must be got istuo a safe place lirst. Come--tl;e moments are precious." And clasping lier once more, lie leaped lightly thouugh thie window and awung himself out. CHAPTER LXVIIl. TIIE IIEiIMIT ? CAVE. "Now cling to mne with all your might," lie said, gently, "and don't look down ; keep your eyes on the moon. Poor little dove, do not tremble so ; I'll not let you fall." lie swung himself out, holding on to the window-sill, and Maggie clasped him close with her lithe, young arms, her wide, brown eyes fixed upon the white Septenm bher moon, dropping slowely out of sight behind theScottish hills. Down he went, swinging himself from one twisting vine to another, never for one moment loosen ing his firm clasp. Maggie could feel his heart ihrobbing with great bounds, ald hear him breathing in gasps, so tremend ous was his exertion. High fellowship beeats love, it is said, and I think the old doctor's fair daughter verified the old caying, in her hazardous descent that night. 11 she did not love this brave young stralngr, who held lher so firmly in his anrl, cand risked his life for her sake, with every breath he drew. her heart was filled with a boundless gratitude. Down acnil down, fromn one gnarled vine to an other, past the hoary battlemlents, plast the mulhioned windows, now suspended in emid-air, anon sliding down tlhe rugged rock, deceived by a treacherous hold, but safe at last. ulaggie's feet touched thle crisp, brown soil of the, blighted heath, at the base of tise gccaet tower ; her brave knight relaxed his firm clasp, reeled for a moment, pant ing and gasping for breath, and then stood nobly c'ect. ' Oh, what shall I ever do to repay you ?"' began Maggio, in her gratitude, but he cut her short. " lush,' lie said, grasping her hand; " we shall have the blood-hound at our heels. Comet !" Hle hurried her across the heath, roulnd the skirt of the fir thicket, and under the base of the mountain, toward the cavern known as the " Hermit's Cave." The entrance was n lescriba',ly gloomy in the fitful light of the setting moon ; a gr at, yawning chasm opening under a rocky roof, curtained by black fir-branches and rank growing vines. lie smiled down upon her as they neared this dismal entrance, something unutterably tender and reassuring in his bright, resolute eyes. "Don't be afraid, little one." 'he said, kindly; "you have been very brave to night. We or.- safe now-a friend of mine lives in this gloomy cave-a good and wise old man, whose hospitality we must share :o-night. You can trust me, can you not ?" "I can ;rust you," said Maggie, quietly. He led her on through a kind of rocky tunnel, dark and damp, which led at last into a wide, reverberating cavern. Away at the remote end a taper glimmered, and as they drew near, Maggie perceived a little square compartment, formed in a turn of the cavern, litted up as a human dwelling. At their approach an old man, wearing the garb of an ancient monk, with a black cowl on his Bead, and a white, flowing beard, appeared in the entrance. "Who comes?" he domnanded, his voice awakening a thousand sepulchral echoes. " A friend," responded the young man. At the sound of his voice the hermit advanced to meet them. * ' You are welcomeo, my son," he said; then his eye falling on Maggie, who clung to her deliverer's arms half in terror, he added, "You have succeeded, I see conc, may child," extending Ilia hand to her, " the lhermit bids you welcomne." lie led her into his rude little temple, and seated her on the bench before the wood fire that bliazed in one corner. " Y u are white and cold " he sa(d, turning to a small table, and pouring some wine froai a Ilask, "drink this, it will do you good." Maggioe obeyed, and felt the rare old vintage tingling through her chilled veins, and bringing a glow to her'checks. " And you, my soan," continued tile hIlr mit, turning to' the young man, "look worn out-a drop will renew your strength." But trleyoung man shook his head. "No wine for me," lie said, smiling, " but a glass of cold water, if you please -and live minutes to breathe in, then I must leave this young lady in your care, and be off again-the Earl of Strathapcy is a prisoner in the old donllj'." The hermit turned in amazement. " The Earl of Strathspey a prisoner I How can that be?" "The iasn who bears his name, who has been reared as his son, has confined him there to die. SAnd wherefore ?' "To secure the earldom--the earl doubted that he was in truth his son, and talked of renouncing hil." For a minute the two looked into each other's eyes, and tllhe the hermit laid his hand lupon the young lmal's shclulder. "I see!" he anaswered, solclllhl; "Ji,,lelluse, my soll, llaven's justice may be sloc, but it is sire !" Tile young mail sat silent an instant, and then he arose. "I must not delay," ihe said ; "every mioment tells, and the earl must be rescued this night." " Whly nolt call out the proper authori ties, and havre the ruiins searched ?" sug gestedl te hermit, "That would take time in this wilder ness," seplied the otlier, " and the earl's enemies would be pretty sure to murder hilm while a pair of oilicore are pounding at the gates. No; I'll try it mycelf. I've climbed the lower twice tit-night, and I'll make the third attemlpt. I cans get on better without help tlhan with it." lie started down the cavern, and then trurned back abruptly. "lIf anything should befall mnc," lie said, cooully, " and I don't return, you will see that this young lady is restored to her friends 1' "I will," replied the herrit. " But, my suit, do not rashly throw away your life." "I shall save the earl, and myself too, if possible," was his quiet insitaer. " I lliltuk I'n a match for Mother i wynncv th and all her etnissaries, tile blood-lihound included." lie touk a short kllife from a crevice overhead, and pUt it in his belt as lie hspoke. Mliat.ie watched him, with whiteniung cheeks, her very heart sinking withi lin her. She arose, and extended lier had. "• You risked your life to save sie," she faltered, " and I lihas not even thanked you-and now-" "My success in saving is ample re ward," lie replied, taking her trem bling hand, and retaining it in his firm clasp. " You are not afraid to re main here ?" lie added. " Wlhy do you tromlle so ?" "Not afraid--oh, no, not for imyself but for your safety," shle nlurlurid, dropping her eyes shyly beneath his gaze. A sudden light flashed over lher hand omeo face, aid lie raised the little hand hlie held to his lips, withll grave reverence,. "Do not fear," Ie replied, gently; "I shlall comele to no haril. Farewell I" lie turned again to go, but looked back, struck willth a sudden remembraace. " You said you Ihad r,.o./,' lie said, "l that this man who bears tile eerl's name is not hIis son. Mhy I ask what proof ?" Maggie resumend hier seat, sland, with a deprecating glance, alid a movement of exquisite grace atnd modesty, removed tihe boot from hler dainty foot, and extracted the yellow paper from its hidiug place be neath tile lining. " I put it there for safe keeping," she explained, an shelhanded it to the young man. "I had only found it when I was drugged and forced from horle." He rat it ever with his keen blue eyes, a hot flush mnounting to his cheeks. Tllen hlie passed it to the herlmit. " Little girl," lie said, turning again to Maggie, " I thinik there is soete power, higher and more divine tls nn iere chance, a t work for us all to-Iliglit. You will think iio to, by and by. (tuIvc. And, vi'.lIi a boss' and :-wile, lIee a aI)Isuicud, tad 1Mag.iu awas left olso ' ill the lhIursit's case. 7' L 'In ,tilssicd. 