The Ilgoldsby Legends. BY THOMAS INGOLDSBY, ESQ. -0 It has been already hinted that bMr. Pethrs had been a "traveller" in his day. The only story which his lady would ever allow "her P." to finish-he began as many as would furnish an additional volume to the "Thousand and One Nights "-is the last I shall offer. The subject, I fear me, is not over new, but will remind my friends " Of something better they have seen before." The best bower cable,-the jib,--and sheet anchor; Of lower-deck guns,-and of broadsides and chases, Of taffrails and topsails, and splicing main braces. And "Shiver my timbers ! ' and other odd phrases Employ'd by old pilots with hard-featured faces ; Of the expletives sea-faring Gentlemen use, The allusions they make to the eyes of their crews ; How the Sailors, too, swear, How they cherish their hair, And what very long pigtails a great many wear.-- But, Reader, I scorn it-the fact is, I fear, To be candid, I can't make these matters so clear As Marryat, or Cooper, or Captain Chamier, Or Sir E. Lytton Bulwer, who brought up the rear Of the "Nauticale," just at the end of last year, Eighteen thirty-nine-(how Time ldies !-Oh, dear !) With a well-written preface, to make it appear That his play, the "Sea-Captain," 'a by no means small beer. There !-" brought up the rear "-you see there's a mistake Which not one of the authors I've mentioned would make, I ought to have said, that he "sail'd in their wake." So I'll merely observe, as the water grew rougher The more my poor hero continued to suffer, Till the Sailors themselves cried, in pity, "Poor Buffer ! " Still rougher it grew, And still harder it blew, And the thunder kick'd up such a halliballoo, That even the Skipper began to look blue ; While the crew, who were few, Look'd very queer, too, And aeem'd not to know what exactly to do, And they who'd the charge of them wrote in the logs, "Wind N.E.-blows a hurricane-rains cats and dogs." In short, it soon grew to a tempest as rude as That Shakspeare describes near the "still vext Bermudas," When the winds, in their sport, Drove aside from its port The King's ship, with the whole Neapolitan Court, And swamp'd it to give "the King's Son, Ferdinand," a Soft moment or two with the Lady Miranda, While her Pa met the rest, and severely rebuked 'em For unhandsomely doing him out of his Dukedom. You don't want me, however, to paint you a Storm, As so many have done, and in colours so warm : Lord Byron, for instance, in manner facetious, Mr. Ainsworth more gravely,-see also Lucre tius, -A writer who gave me no trifling vexation When a youngster at school on Dean Colet's foundation. Suffice it to say That the whole of that day, And the next, and the next, they were scud. ding away Quite out of their course, Propell'd by the force Of those flatulent folks known in Classical story as Aquilo, Libs, Notus, Auster, and Boreas, Driven quite at their mercy 'Twixt Guern sey and Jersey Till at length they came bump on the rocks and the shallows, In West longitude, One, fifty-seven, near St. Maloes ; There you will not be surprised That the vessel capsized, Or that Blogg, who had made, from intestine commotions, His specifical gravity less than the Ocean's, Should go floating away, Midst the surges and spray, Like a cork in a gutter, which, swoln by a shower, Runs down Holborn-hill about nine knots an hour. You've seen, I've no doubt, at Bartholomew Fair, Gentle Reader,-that is, if you've ever been there, With their hands tied behind them, some two or three pair Of boys round a bucket set up on a chair, Skipping, and dipping Eyes, nose, chin, and lip in, Their faces and hair with the water all dripping, In an anxious attempt to catch hold of a pippin, That bobs up and down in the water when. ever They touch it, as mocking the fruitless en deavour; Exactly as Poets say,-how, though, they can't tell us, Old Nick's Nonpareils play at bob with poor Tantalus. -Stay !-I'm not clear, But I'm rather out here; 'Twas the water itself that slipp'd from him, I fear; Faith, I can't recollect-and I haven't Lem. priere. No matter,-poor Blogg went on ducking and bobbing, Sneezing out the salt water, and gulping and sobbing, Just as Clarence, in Shakapeare, describes all the qualms he Experienced while dreaming they'd drowned him in Malmsey. "0 Lord," he thought, " what pain it was to drown I " And saw great fishes with great goggling eyes, Glaring as he was bobbing up and down, And looking as they thought him quite a prize; When, as he sank, and all was growing dark, A something eeized him with its jaws I-A Shark? No such thing, Reader :-most opportunely for Blogg, 'Twos a very large, web.footed, curly-tail'd Dog I I'm not much of a trav'ller, and really can't boast That 1 know a greatdeal of the Brittany coast, But I've often heard say That e'en to this day. The people of Granville, St. Maloesa, and there about Are a class that Society doesn't much care about; Men who gain their subsistence by contraband dealing, And a mode of abstraction strict people call "stealing ;" Notwithstanding all which, they are civil of speechb, Above all to a Stranger who comes within reach; And they were so to Blogg When the curly-tail'd Dog At last dragg'd him out, high and dry on the beach. But we all have been told, By the proverb of old, By no means to think "all that glitters in gold;" And, in fact, some advance That most people in France Join the manners and air of a Aalfre de IDanme, To the morals-(as Johnson of Chesterfield said) Of an elderly Lady, in Babylon bred, Much addicted to flirting, and dressing in red. Be this as it might, It embarrass'd Blogg quite To find those about him so very polite. A suspicious observer perhaps might have traced The pet ites soiss, tendered with so much good taste, To the sight of an old-fashioned pocket-book, placed In a black leather belt well secured round his waist. And a ring sete with diamonds, his finger that graced, So brilliant no one could have guess'd they were paste. The graoup on the shore Consisted of four; You will wonder, pelhaps, there were not a few more; But the fact is they've not, in that part of the nation, What M?althus would term, a "too dense population," Indeed the sole sign there of man's habitation Was merely a single Rude hut in a dingle That led away inland direct from the shingle, Its sides clothed with underwood, gloomy and dark, Some two hundred yards above high-water mark; And thither the party, So cordial and hearty, Via., an old mian, his wife, and two lads, mad?a a start, he, The Bagman, proceeding, With equal good breeding, To express, in indifferent French all he feels, The great curly-tail'd Dog keeping close to his heels. They soon reach'd the hut, which seem'd partly in ruin, All the way bowilr, chattering, shrugging, MonDieuing, Grimacing, and whatbSailors call parley- vooing. Is it Paris or Kitahener, Reader, exhorts You, whenever your stomach's at all out of sorts, To try,.if you find richer viands won't stop in it, A. basin of good mutton broth with a chop in it? (Such a basin and chop as I once heard a witty one Call, at the Garrick, a "c-d Committee one," An expression, I own, I do not think a pretty one.) However, it's clear That, with sound table beer, Such a mess as I speak of is very good cheer; Especially, too, When a person's wet through, And is hungry, and tired, and don't know what to do. Now just such a mess of delicious hot pottage Was smoking away when they enter'd the cottage, And casting a truly delicious perfume Through the whole of an ugly, old, ill-furnish'd room ; " Hot, smoking hot," On the fire was a pot Well replenish'd, but really I can't say with what; For, famed as the French always are for ragouts, No creature can tell what they put in their stews, Whether bull-frogs, old gloves, or old wigs, or old shoes ; Notwithstanding, when offer'd I rarely refuse, Any more than poor Blogg did, when, seeing the reeky Repast placed before him, scarce able to speak, he In ecstacy muttered" By Jove, Cocky-leeky !" In an instant, as soon As they gave him a spoon, Every feeling and faculty bent on the gruel, he No more blamed Fortune for treating him cruelly, But fell tooth and nail on the soup and the bouilli. Ieanwhile that old man standing by, Subducted his long coat-tails on high, With his back to the fire, as if to dry A part of his dress which the watery sky Had visited rather inclemently. Blandly he smiled, but still he looked sly, And a something sinister lurk'd in his eye. Indeed, had you seen him his maritime dress in, You'd have own'd his appearance was not prepossessing; He'd a "dreadnought" coat, and heavy sabots With thick wooden soles turned up at the toes, His nether man cased in a striped quelnue chose, And a hump on his back, and a great hook'd nose, So that nine out of ten would be led to sup pose That the person before them was Punch in plain clothes. Yet still, as I told you, he smiled on all pre sent, And did all that lay in his power to look pleasant. The old woman, too, Made a mighty ado, Helping her guest to a deal of the stew; She fish'd up the meat, and she helped him to that, She help'd him to lean, and she help'd him to fat, And it looked like Hare-but it might have been Cat. The little garfons, too, strove to express Their sympathy towards the "Child of dis. tress " With a great deal of juvenile French politesse: But the Bagman bluff Continued to "stuff" Of the fat, and the lean, and the tender and tough, Till they thought he would never cry "Hold, enough ! " And the old woman's tones became far less agreeable, Sounding like petes! and saere I and diable I I've seen an old saw which is well worth repeating, That says, "tboobr at_?rtgr esfrbhptf) goobr Drpnitngr." You'll find it so printed by Iaxtoln or fgnkpln, And a very good proverb it is.to my thinking. Blogg thought so too;- As he finished his stew, His ear caught the sound of the word " MorblcaI" Pronounced by the old woman under her breath. Now, not knowing what she could mean by " Blue Death " He conceived she referr'd to a delicate brewing Which is almostsynonymous,-namely, "Blue Ruin." So he pursed up his lip to a smile, and with glee, In his cockneyfy'd accent, responded, "Oh, Vee l " Which made her understand he Was asking for brandy; So she turn'd to the cupboard, and, having some handy, Produced, rightly deeming he would not object to it, An orbicular bulb with a very long neck to it ; In fact, you perceive her mistake was the same as his, Each of them "reasoning right from wrong premises ;" -And, here, by the way Allow me to say, Kind Reader, you sometimes permit me to stray 'Tis strange the French prove, when they take to aspersing, So inferior to us in the science of cursing; Kick a Frenchman down stairs, How absurdly he swears, And how odd 'tis tb hear him, when beat to a jelly, Roar out in a passion, "Blue Death !" and "Blue Belly I" "To return to our sheep" from this little digression: Blogg's features assumed a complacent ex pression As he emptied his glass, and she gave him a fresh one; Too little he heeded How fast they sueo ceeded. Perhaps you or I might have done, though, as he did, For when once Madame Fortune deals out her hard raps, It's amazingt to think, How one" cottons" to drink ! At such times, of all things in nature, perhaps, There's not one that's half so seducing as Sclhnps. Mr. Blogg, beside being uncommonly dry, Was, like most other Bagmen, remarkably shy, -" Did you like to deny "- "Felt obliged to comply" Every time that she asked him to " wet t'other eye ;" For 'twns worthy remark that sha spared not the stoup, Though before she had seem'd so to grudge him the soup. At length the fumes rose To his brain; and his nose Gave hints of a strong disposition to doze, And ayearning to seek "horizontal repose." His queer.looking host, Wiho, firm at his post, During all the long meal had continued to toast That garment 'twere rude to Do more than allude to, Perceived, from his breathing and nodding, the views Of his guest were directed to "taking a anooze :" So he caught up a lamp in his huge dirtypaw, With (as Blogg used to tell it) "Mounseer, soivry mauwl " And "marshaball'd" him so "The way he should go," Upstairs to an attic, large, gloomy, and low. Without table or chair, Or a moveable there, Save an old- fashion'd beestead, much out of repair, That stood at the end most removed from the stair. With a grin and a shrug The host points to the rug, Just as much as to say, "There i-I think you'll be snug !" Puts the light on the floor, Walks to th)e Hoakes a fdrmal Saldan, apd is then seen no more: When just as the ear lost the sound of his tread, To the Bagman's surprise, and, at first, to his dread, The great curly-tail'd Dog crept from under the bed ! -It's a very nice thing when a man's in a fright, And thinks matters all wrong, to find matters all right; As, for instance, .when going home late-ish at night Through a Churchyard, and seeing a thing all in white, Which, of course, one is led to consider a Sprite, To find that the Ghost Is merely a post, Or a miller, or chalky-faced donkey at most; Or, when taking a walk as the evenings begin To close, or, as some people call it, "draw in," And some undefined form, " looming large " through the haze, Presents itself, right in your path, to your gaze, Inducing a dread Of a knock on the head, Or a sEver'd carotid, to find that, instead Of one of those ruffians who murder and fleece men, It's your Uncle, or one of the "Rural Police men ; " Then the blood flows again Through artery and vein; You're delighted with what just before gave you pain : You laugh at your fears-and your friend in the fog Meots a welcome as cordial as Anthony Blogg Now bealow'd on his friend-the great curly. tail'd Dog. For the Dog leap'd up, and his paws found a place On each side his neck in a canine embrace, And he lick'd Blogg's hands, and he lick'd his face, And he waggled his tail, as much as to say, " Mr. Blogg, we've foregather'd before to day ! " And the Bagman saw, as he now sprang up, What, beyond all doubt, He might have found out Before, had he not been so eager to sup, 'Twas Sancho !-the Dog he had rear'd from a pup ! The Dog who when sinking had seized his hair, The Dog who had saved, and conducted him there, The Dog he had lost out of Billiter Square ! I It's passing sweet, An absolute treat, When friends, longsever'd by distance meet, With what warmth and affection each other they greet ! Especially, too, as we very well know, If there seems any chance of a little cadcau, A "Present from Brighton," or "Token " to show, In the shape of a work-box, ring, bracelet, or ao, That our friends don't forget us, although they may go To Ramsgate, or Rome, or Fernando Pc. If some little advantage seems likely to start, From a fifty-pound note to a two-penny tart, It's surprising to see how it softens the heart, And you'll find those whose hopes from the other are strongest, Use, in common, endearments the thickest and longest. But, it was not so here ; For although it is clear, When abroad,and we hare not a single friend near, E'en a cur that will love us becomes very dear, And the balance of interest 'twixt him and the Dog Of course was inclining to Anthony Blogg, Yet he, first of all, ceased To encourage the beast, Perhaps thinking "Euough is as good as a feast; " And besides, as we've said, being sleepy and mellow, He grew tired of patting, and crying "Poor fellow ! " So his smile by degrees harden'd into a frown, And his " That's a good dog ! " into " Down, Sancho ! down I" But nothing could stop his mute fav'rite's caressing, Who, in fact, seemed resolved to prevent his undressing, Using paws, tail, and head, As if he had said, "Most beloved of masters,. pray, don't go to bed; You had much better sit up, and, pat me in. stead !" Nay, at last, when determined to take some repose, Blogg threw himself down on the outside the clothes, Spite of all he could do, The Dog jump'd up too, And kept him awake with his very cold nose Scratching and whining, And moaning and pining, Till Blogg really believed he must have some design in Thus breaking his rest; above all, when at length The Dog scratch'd him off from the bed by sheer strength. Extremely annoy'd by the "tarnation whop," as it 'a call'd in Kentuck, on his head and its oppo. site, Blogg showed fight; When he saw, by the light Of the flickering candle, that had not yet quite Burnt down in the socket, though not over bright, Certain dark-colour'd stains, as of blood newly spilt, Reveal'd by the dog's having scratch'd off the quilt,- Which hinted a story of horror and guilt - 'Twas "no mistakoe,"- He Was a wide awake" In an instant ; for, when only decently drunk, Nothing sobers a man so completely as" funk." And hark l-what's that ?- They have got into chat In the kitchen below-what the deuce are they at ? There's the ugly old Fisherman scolding his wife And she-by the Pope I she's whetting a knife! At each twist Of her wrist, And her great mutton fist, The edge of thdi weapon sounds shriller and louder I The fiercekitehen fire Had not madeBlogg perspire Half so much, or a dose of the best James's powder. It ceases-all's silent !-and now, I declare There's somebody crawls up that rickety stair 1 The horrid old ruffian comes, cat-like, creep ing; He opens the door just sufficient to peep in, And sees, as he fancies, the Bagman sleeping ! For Blogg, when he'd once ascertain'd that there was some "Precious mischief" on foot, had resolv'd to play "Possum ;" Down he went, legs and head, Flat on the bed, Apparently sleeping as sound as the dead; While, though none who look'd at him would think such a thing Every nerve iu his frame was braced up for a spring. Then, just as the villain Crept, stealthily still, in, And you'd not have insur'd his guest's life for n shilling, As the knife gleam'd on high, bright and sharp as a razor, Bloge. starting upright, "tipped" the fellow "a facer;" -Down went man and weapon.--0E all sorts of blows, From what Mr. Jackson reports, I ouppose There are few that surpass a flush hit on the nose. Now had I the pen of old Ossian or Homer, (Though each of these names some pronounce a misnomer. And say the first person Was call'd James M'Pherson, While, as to the second, they stoutly declare He was no one knows who, and born no one knows where,) Or had I the quill of Pierce Egan, a writer Acknowledged the best theoretical fighter For the last twenty years, By the lively young Peers, VWho, doffing their coronets, collars, and ermines, treat Boxers to "Max," at the Oeua Tun in Jermyn Street; -I say, could I borrow these .Gentlemen's Muses, More skill'd than my meek one in "fibbing " and bruises, I'd debe'cribe ndw tb yobu As "prime a Set. And "regsular tiurni-p," as eer you knew : A 13 Not inferior in " bottom" to aught you have read of Since Cribb, years ago, half knock'd Moly neux's bead off. But my dainty Urania says, "Such things are shocking !" Lace mittens She loves, Detesting "The Gloves ;" And turning, with air most disdainfully mock ing, From Mfelpomene'a buskin, adopts the silk stocking. So, as far as I can see, I must leave you to "fancy " The thumps and the bumps, and the ups and the downs, And the taps, and the slaps, and the raps on the crowns, That pass'd 'twixt the Husband, Wife, Bag man, and Dog, As Blogg rolled over them, and they roll'd over Blogg; While what's called "The Claret" Flew over the garret: Merely stating the fact, As each other they whack'd, The Dog his old master most gallantly baok'd; .Making both the parpons, who came running in, sheer off, With "Hippolyto's" thumb, and "Al phonse's " left ear off; Next, making a stoop on The buffetting group on The floor, rent in tatters the old woman's jupos; Then the old man turn'd up, and a fresh bite of Sancho's Tore out the whole seat of his striped Cali mancoes. Really, which way This desperate fray Might have ended at last, I'm noc able to say, The dog keeping thus the assassins at bay: But a few fresh arrivals decided the day For bounce went the door, In came half a score Of the passengers, sailors, and one or two more Who had aided the party in gaining the shore I It's a great many years ago-mine then were few Since I spent a short time in the old Coun. ragcu:c; I think that they say She had been,in her day. A First-rate-but was then \what they term a Rasle, And they took me on board in the Downs, where she lay (Captain Wilkinson held the command, by the way.) In her I pick'd up, on that single occasion, The little I know that concerns Navigation, And obtained, inter alia, some vague infor mation Of a practice which often, in cases of robbing, Was adopted on shipboard-I think 'twas call'd "cobbing." How 'twas managed exactly I really can't say, But I think that a Boot-jack was brought into play That is if I m right :--it exceeds my ability To tell how 'tis done; But the system is one Of which Sancho's exploit would increase the facility, And, from all I could learn, I'd much rather be robb'd Of tihe little I have in my purse, than be "cobb'd;" That's mere matter of taste: But the Frenchman was placed I mean the old scoundrel whose actions we've traced In such a position, that, on this unmasking, His consent was the last thing the men thought of asking. The old woman, too, Was obliged to go Through, With her boys, the rough discipline used by the crew, Who, before they let one of the set see the back of them, "Cobb'd " the whole party-ay, "every man Jack of them." MORAL. And now, Gentle Reader, before that I say Farewell for the present, and wish you good day, Attend to the moral I draw from my lay ! If ever you travel, like Anthony Blogg, Be wary of strangers !-don't take too much grog ! And don't fall asleep, if you should, like a hog ! Above all-carry with you a curly-tail'd Dog I Lastly, don't act like Blogg, who, I say it with blushing, Sold Sancho next month for two guineas at Flushing ; But still on these words of the Bard keep a fixt eye INGRATUM I DInExRIS, OMNLu DIXTI ! I L'Etnroyc. I felt so disgusted with Blogg, from sheer shame of him, I never once thought to inquire what became of him; If youl want to know, Reader, the way, I opine, To achieve your design,--3ind, it's no wish of mine, Is,-(a penny will do't)-by addressing a line To Turner, Dry, Weipersyde, Rogers, and Pyne. APPENDIX. SINCE penning this stanza, a learn'd Antiquary Has put my poor muse in no trifling quandary, By writing an essay to prove that he knaows a Spot which, in truth, is The real "Ber. moothes," In the Mediterraneon,-now called Lampedosa 1 -For proofs, having made, as he farther alleges, stir, An entry was found in the old Parish Register, The which at his instance the excellent Vicar ex. traoted : viz. "Caliban, base son of Sycorax." -He had rather by IHalf Have found Prosporo's "Stuff;" But 'twas useless to dig, for the want of a pick or axe. Colonel Paisley, however, 'tis everywhere said, When he's blown up the whole RIoyal cGeorge at Spithead, And the great cliff at Dover, of which we've all read, Takes his new apparatus, and goes out to look And see if he can't try and blow up "the Book." -Gentle Reader, farewell I--If I add one more line, He'll be, in all likelihood, blowing up mine ! 