AI'%'1W SAGA. r.7.:. ? .'.· " "-;- -· " ·. BP HALL CAINE,I Anuthw of "The D sR ," "A p n of Ragair," "The Shadow ofa Crime," etc., etc. " SYOrsys OFrl PtE\IOUs CLArI''EIn. ConAPemn I. and JI.-Jorgen Jorenson "ia tihe One nar-(eeneral of Iceland, ws-here tire ptst of tre atoryin laid. lis duaghter, lachasel, hoes s.osnisus should msrrv Count Trtll~p, the Danish mlnit tl fosr Icaland, hslt he iaaeerseetorhie ps-opasl Ili". ettnadilol.a wresthlig tounsament, one of l.,:,m te-tanti. 5atrickhea, cnries all befae - : lei sal iaeiaei presentsl him wsith the Champion's b t?.. Kwaggeirhles away with his prize he enea:tn.ers ts-anger. itephes Or-s- n-ho, heing chmlk o i"d e-nily th'rova ]?ols-ahrssie , grestly Is tile ssn'pria- .if tlir.onlonkers. Tlit ne?tam night Pletriehosen is faun murdered. The months paessed on. and the lose ef 2scthaei and Slatohen ltrin ditchv-e:ad, ber litter cursei them end they tlte trom his prieeene. Titer seltieatelr merry. mul Ste??hea t:iras -oist sid-le aa eessolaie. lit-s soother is ins-ite'I te come oslise ita them In ttse hlst that she will saee osme islaid ensea oes her sos, hblt he in no woy iloi?rvesu AnaYioua to psresase al boat she selle l;er low7 nud beautifullmir to a dealer, and pirsents the prisOa d? toherlhesband. lie teasves her, but onlytotgamble and lose it ail. A qstrrel ensues between Itcleael -nd hor mot?es-in-law, and SLepiscn in h nsanser strika- ihrs wife sroes tise fase. Enseglhe niaseo. "LHave yoas forgotten the death of Patriceoen '" liea asdsaoet hike a blos, and he reels ol of tille hi.mss idts tlse ni-hi. VH~raEolt 1.-Aiter fitephea'o base dtecrtion of his wife. Itnchel gives birth to a son, and calls his mname.Tih-.'1 Time rlls on. twenty year' s pasoi enad the chlid beom-saeman. Helelorsstheostory ofbisj m.iother' !It treatnient, sInd vmw on her dead b.id' forase dl;m befrro the retaur of her htaibanu, te wmnkvc-,Imnce on his fatlher for his inhuman cou duct, CJHAPTE: TV.-Tlio seene of the story is then Chanjged tl Mhe ,lo of Ml , and the Gorrror of Man. A,'.n lm Eirbrother, receives a hunted wsif. a r s ifhia body tho marks ofscrvitude and CHAPTER IV. (Cosr?niED.) Hardly had the Governor got back to the ouse, when lhis boys, his men, and tile maids returned from Ramsey. Very full they all weare of the doingsof the day, and Adam, who neverasked that son or servant of lis slhould abridge tile ilow of talk for his preseoce, sat with his face to the fire and smoked, dozed, dreamt or thoughlt, and left his people to gossip on. Whsat clhance had brouhlt the poor man to his door that niglst? An Ice lander, lrdumb for all uses of speech, who hjel lain in the clhains of some t yrsnt estaoin--a lone mau, a sesomao with out wifi or child in his own country ; and a fiugitive. a runaway, a hunted dog in this onle ! What angel of pleading hlad thalt very night been bury in his own memory with the days of his similar sufferhlgs ? Allat once his ear was arrested by whlat was being slid bblhind him. Thle talk was of a sailor w'r load passed through tlhe town, andof the bluejackets who were in pursuit of him. i ?? had stolen somethinog. No, Ihe hlad murderce somebody. Anyway there was a warrant for his arrest, for the high-laili!ff hd drawn it. to ill-loolking fellow, buthe wcould be caughot yet, thank goodness, in God's good time. The Governor twisted about, and asked what thl sailor was like, and lis boys answered him that he was a foreign- eringo sort of mao in a skin cap and long stockings, and bigger by half a head than Billv-by-Nite. Jut tlhe thLere waa the tramn of feet on the gravel outside and a loud rapat the door. Four menent-ered. They were the blue- jackets. The foreign seaman thlat they were in searchl of had been seen creeping up Ballure, and turning down towards Lague. Had he been there ? At that one of tlheboys, saying that his fathler had been at home all evening, turned to the Governor and repeated the question. But the good Adam had twisted back to the fire, and with the shalnk of his pipe han-ions loosely from his lips, was snoring healy. " His Excellency is asleep," said theblue jacket. N o, no, that could not be, for he lhad been aulng as they entered. " Father," cried the lad, asd osloed him. Then the Governor opened his eves, and yawned heavily. The blue-jacket, cap int band, told his story again, and the good Adam seemed to struggle hard in the effort to grasp it through the mists of sleep. At length he said," 00What has the man done ?' "Deserted his ship, your Exeelleocy." " Nothing else-no crime ?" SNothing else, your Excellency. HIas he .oen hero ?' "No," said the GovernOor. And at that the weary man shut lhis eyes asan and begah n to breathe mostandibly. liut wien tho blue-jackets, taking council together, concludel that somevlwhere thereabouts the man must surely be, and decided to sleep the night in the stable-loft, that they might scour the countryin the mornoting, the Governor awoke suddenly, saying lhe had nto beds to offer them,batthey m~ghtsleep on thebenchls of tile kitchen. An houtr later, when all Lague was asleep, Adam rose from his bed, took adurk lantern and went back to the stable-loft, aroused the Icelander, and motioned him to follow. Tley .crossed the paved court-yard and came ii front of the window. Adam pointed and the man looked in. The four bbue-jackets were lying on the benches dra:n rounld the lire, atnd the dull glare of the slumbering peat was on their faces. They were asleep. At that sight the man's eyes flashed, his mouth set hlrd, the mnuscles of his cheeks con toracted, and with a hoarse cry inhis throat, h?e fumblled the haft of the seaman's klnife thathungin his belt; andmade one step for ward. ButAdam, laying hold of his arm, looked into his eyes steadfastly, and in the light of the lantern their wild glance fell before him. At thbg.nextinstant the man was gone. 'The night was nowv far spent. In the town the forts were silent, the streets quiet, the market-place vacant, and on the hill-tops the fir-s han d sno:ldcred doen. By daybreak next morning thleblue-jackets had gone ba:ekempty to Ramsc, and by sunrise the English brig had sailed bout of the bay. Tvo bsutiful creeks lie to the south of RB;sey and north of nlaughold Head. One is'callcd Lgae, tlhe other Port---Voollin. On .hlshore of Port-y-Yullin there h a hutbuilt of eat -ad thatched with broom-dark, damp, ogy, andl ruinous, a ditch where the teonant is alloaed to sit rent free. The sun stood high when a sceloaao, coming out of this place, found a man soeepintg ia a bro-okn-ribbed boat thot lay sid-e.down on the beoich. She awakened him, anso asked him into her hut. He rose to his feet and followed her. Last night he had been touroed out of the best house in the istlod ; this msioonig ! e was about to be received into the L?? woman rwas Liza Killey-the slut, tihe irolop, the trull, the slattern and drab of the \- The man was Stephen Orry. ICHAPTER V. \-- LfL55 OUN~lOUS Qn, Ohe month donly had then paooe& since the +-iAts-o Steophen Orry'sftilght from Iceland, aid the story of his fortunes in the mreautie is quickly told. In shame of his brutal blow, as wdll as fc.r of his wife's threat, he had stowed away in the hold of an Engli ship that sailed thd same night. Two days later famine had bro?ght him out of his hiding-place, and he had been compelled to work before the mast. In ten more days he had signed articles as able seaman at the firstEnghli port of call. Then had followed punishments for sloth, punish ments for ignorance, and punishments for not knowing tiso high-flavoured luoanguage of his boatswa.n. After that had come bickerings, threats, scorls, oaths, and open ruptures with this chiof of petty tyrants, ending with the blow of a marlin-spike over the big Ice lander's crown, and the little boatswain rolliun headlong overboard. Then had followe t?-enty-cight days opent in irons, rivotted to the hip'a side on ithe under deck, with bread and water diet every second day and nothinbg between. Finally, by the secret good-fellow sbip of a shipmate with some bowels of compas utoo,,escoape had come after starvation, as st ar vationhad come after slavery and Stephlenhad swum ashore while his sheip lay rat anchor in 1l y Bay. at occurred thereafter at the house whereto he had drifted no one could rightly tell. -fdcontinued to live there with the trall lwho keptit. She had been the illegitimate child of sniunsolent English debtor and the das:ghter of a neighbouring vicar, had been ignored by her faLther, put out to nurse by her mother, bred hi ig:orasce, reared in impurity, and had gritown tinto a buxom hussy-idle, immodest, -uttish, the sewer of lewdness for bestial men within a radius of miles. By what arts, w-hat hints, swhat appeals, what allurements, this trollop got possession of Stephen Orry it is not hard to guess. First, he was a hunted man, and only one who dare do anything dare opo:es Adors to him. Next, he was a foreigner, dumb for speech, ald deaf for secndanl, and therefore unable to learn more than his eyes could tell him of the woman who had given hini shelter. Then the big Icelauder was a handsome fellow; and the veriest drab thlat ever trailed a petticoat knows how to hide her slatternly habits while she is hankering after a fine-grown man. So thrend of many conspiring circumstances was *Alnghlsrsresaed. - that atr iaiz;chl ~ooezp~ in crorexo, mIiy ljjeers, and s0501 tosoingi of 01 tale Iheads, tile vicer or the parish, t'trson teil, called onec dcv at the hut inaPort-y-Vullin, hand oatho follow ngSun day morning, at charch, littltoRobbe Chrictian, the clerk anud sexton, rol4 out the askhus for the marriage of Lica Killey, spelater, of the paicrhh of nutiaghold, and Stephea Orry, bacho. lot. out of Icoland. iV fat a wcdaediug it wa that came tnree weeks later! Liza wore a gay new gown that had b-en ll -t her by ; n?eighour, Bella Coobragh, a girl who h?d" meant to be married in it hier. stlf the year beforei but had nlot fully carried oldt her moral inteltlio and had since borno a child. Wearing such boIrrowe, pWlumes aud a irmzcin smile of detilncc, Liz:a stratted sip to the Conmnuition rail, looking impuedently into the mleu's faces, and stucilv into thle women's --fur the church was thronged w-i;lh ;in odorous mob t!itlt Icep.tup tile j.ibluriug of frogs at sula- - ::d Stephcu Orry slouched after lihr'in his blo;er garaoeosu with :a. -downward shanle faced," nervous look that his hulkr ' manners could not conceal. T?ea what n ,lding fea:st it was thaft il:oved! Tih little ct?ia in Port-y-Vullin reeked and sano?eld with elen and women, and riii out on to thle a;nd and pebbles of the beach, for the time of year was opring and the day was clear and warm. Lizt's old love-rs were there in troops. vWith _. ce of ruin over his shoulder Nary Crowe, the inu keep3r, had come down fromC the " Hibernian" to give iherjoy, tndlceavIo inle- , the butelier, had brouht her ilu l hif ai lanb frrom Ball:a glass, and Matrt ?tMylchrcesi, the nut-taker--a ve-nal old skidlihit-lihad charged his bigb suutl horn to the brim for the inasy noses of the guests. On the table, the form, the tlhree-lecd stool, the bed, and the hearth, thlley sat toegetTier cheek by jowl, their hats hiung oi thie' roof rafters,. their olates irerchld ol thellir k1-n,?. And loud woos teir laughter anud dubious their talk. Old Thurs ta i Coubragls led off ot Leb adrovstoea of--mn'ariage, saying it woo l wevlded when they were babies in arnus, f-sr hye-childers were commuon, anl a gel 's faLther didn't care in a general way to 10ok like a fool; but Nary Crowe saw no hans in a bit of sweet heartin', and Cleave Kiniley said no, of coorse, not if a man wasn't piuttin' niotios into a gel's head; and MIatt Itylchlreest for his part tlhought the gels were amazin' like the ghosts, for they got into every skeleton closet about the house. "But then," said iaitt, " I'm an ould bachelor, as the saySn' is, and don't nlo.w nothin.' " "Ita, ha, ha! of .coerse not," laughed, the others; and then tlerewas a taste of a toest to Liza's future in.Nary's ruin. " Drop it,'" slid 'Lizau.as Narj', lifting his cup, le:resd oir" to whisper. "So I will, b·latitt 'llbe into your ear, woman," said Nary.:" Sd here's to the king hat's comii.' o " - : LBy this time Stphlln had slipped out of the noisome ?place, aud was rambling on the qiett slhore alone, with head .lIilt, cheeks ashy pale, eves fixed, and his brawny hands thrust deep into hI i lockels. At last, through t!he dense fumes within ties house, Bdella Coobragh noted Stephen's absence, and " Whenrb's your man " she said to 'Liza, with a tantalizing light inher eyes. "Iaybe where yurs is, ~ D ella," said 'Liz, with a toss of th head; "near enouglh, perhaps, but not visible to tihe naked oye." Tho elfects of going to .church on 'Liza iilley were iwhat they often are on a woman of base nature. With a man to work for her she became mnore idle than before, and with nothilng to fear from scandal soore reckless and sluttislh. Having hidden her nakedness in tihe gown of uarriage, she lost the last rag of womanly shame. The effects on Stoplen Orryawere the doepen ini ofhis sloth, hIis loom, asd his helpleassess. What pur.,ose in tte he ever had was pra I-sed. On his first coming to tle island ihe had sailed to the msackeral ishinsg is the boats of Kane WVade-a shlrewrd fauxman, wrho fomld the big, dumb Icelander a skilful fisherman. Now he neglected his work, lost self-reliance, and lay about for lhours, nieither thinkingt nor feeling, but with a look of sheer stupidity. And so the two sat together in their ditch, sinkisg day byday deeper and yet deeper into the mire of idleness, moroseness, anld mutual loathing. Novertheless, they had their cheerful hIours togoither. - T'ls'e king' of Nsary's toast soon came. A child was barn-a bohnny, sunn Iy boy as ever yet drewv breath ; but 'Liza looked on it as a check to her freedom, a drain oil hier energy, somo thing helpless sd looking to her for succour. So the cissatural sother InCrlected it. uand ntephesi, tns avttn rsosllatllla b5 tts eosisgecnr Raohel htd beens ab3ut to giv& birth to a child, turned his heart from it uand ignored it. Thus there spirit-breaking years dragged on, and Stephen Orry grew woe-begoaie and stone eyed. Of old he had been slothful and spirit less indeed, but not a base man. Now his whole nature wa.s all but gone to the gutter. He had once been a truth-teller, but living with a women who assumsed that he must be a liar, he had endedb by beesom:ing onl. Ie had no com anyy save hier company, for his slow wit had found it hiard to learn thie English tongue, :rnd hsoe alone could rightly follow him; he had no desires save the petty ones of daily food aid drink; he had no purpose save the degrading purpose of defieatig the nIighlitly wmnderigis of his drunkein wife. Thus without any hsmani yce iupon him inii the dark way he was goisg, Stepheni Orry lind gro,-vs coarse nldbase. But the end was not yet, of all this man was tobe and know. One sighst, after spending tUe day on the sea with the lines for cod, the year deepening to winter, tile air muggy and cold, he wenIt aw?ry home, hungry, and wet and cold, leaving Ihis mates at the door of the "Plouglh," where there was good company within and the cheer of a busy tire. Homo! On reachinsg Port-y-Vullin he found the door open, the hoearth cold, the floor in a puddle from tihet driving rain, not a bite or sup in the cuspboard, and his wife lying drunk across tihe bed, with the child hi its igrimy blueness creep. ing and crying about her head. It was thi beginning? of tile end. Osco again hie futmbled the haft of Ihis seaman's knife, and then by a quick impulse he plucked up the child in his arms. "Now God be praised for your poor face," ihe said, and while he dried the child's pitiful eyes. tie hou drops started to hIis own. Hie lit the fire, lie cooked a cod he hai brought home with him. hlie ate himself and fed the hlittle one. Then lie sat beforethe hearth with the child at his breast, as any mother might do, and hung over it asonly a womans could who had suckled it there, for at length it lhad come to him to know that if it was not to be lost and worse than orphaned, he must Ihenceforth he fatllher and mother both to it. Aild when tihe little eyes, wet no longer, but laughing like sunshsine into the big seared face above shem struggled in vain with sleep, he wrapped the child in his ragged guernsey and put it to lie like a bundle where the fire could warm it. Then ll being done he sat again, and leaning his elbows on his knees covered his ears with his hands, so that they might shut out the sound of the woman's heavy breathing. It wos on that night, for the first time since he fled from leeletnd, that he saw the full depth of his oilence. Offence ? Crime it was, and that of the blackest ; and ill the terror of his honeliness he trembled at the thought that some day hIis hornhble dumb secret would become known, that something would happen to tell it -that he was married already when he married the woman who lay behind him. At that he saw how low he had fallen-from her Lwho once had been so pure and true beside him, and had loved him and given up father, and home, and fame for him; to tids trull, who now dragged him through the slush, and trod on hin and-hated him. 'rihen the bitter thought came that what she ihad suffered for him, who ihad given him everything, he could never repay by one kindword or look. Lost she was to him for over and over, and parted from him by a yetwider gulf than fire hundred miles of sea. Such was the agony of his dshame, and through, it all the snore of the sleeping woman went liie iron through his head, so that at last he wrapped hIis arms about it and sobbed out to the dead fire at hisfeet, " Rachel ! R.achel l Rachel !" All at once he became conscious that the heavy breathing had ceased, that the housec was silent, that something had touched him on Ithe shouldePh and that a gaunt shadow stood beside him. Itwas the woman, who at the sound of his voice had arisen from her drunken sleep, and now gasped, " Wrho is Rachel ?" At that word his blood ran cold, and shiver ing in his clothes, he crouched lower at the hearth, neither ausweoring nor looking up. The with eyes of hIate she cried again, " Who is lachled ?" But thle only voice that answered her was the voice that rang within him--" I'm a lost man. God helu me !" ': Who is Rtachel ?" the woman cried once more, and thle sound of that name from her lips, hardening it, brutalisiug it, befouling it, was tile mnost awful thing by which his soul had yet bheeu shaken out of its stupor. " Who is she I say ? Answer me," she cried in a raghlg voice; but he crouched there still, with his haggard face and misty eyes turned down. Then she laid her hand onhisshoulder and shook him, and cried bitterly. "Who is she, this light o'love--this bag a ?t he stiffened himself up, shuddered from head to foot, flung her from him; and unsve.ed in a terrible voice, '" Woman, she ismuy wife !" That word, like a thunderbolt, left a heavy silence behindit. 'Liza stood looking in terror at Stephlei's face, unaoble to utter a cry. But next day she went to Parson Gell and told lim all. She got small comfort. Parson Goll had himself had two wives; the first had deserted him, and after auo interval of uix years, in which hee hla not heoard from her. hie hand married thesecond. So to'Liza he said "He may have slnned against the law, but what proof have you? None." Then she rent to the Deemster at Ramsey. It o s D eemater Lace-a bachelor much given to:?seret geaautrics. She got as little cheer from this source, but yet she came away with one drop of solace fer nenting hl the bitterness of her heart. "'.Tat, wellliel, it's more commoa! thllu yeu think for. And rhere'o the hairmi Ochl! it's happened to some of the best that's going. Now, if he'd beaten you, or struckyou"-and tile good man raosed both hinds and shook hisl heetld. Thenthe thouglit leapt to her mind thatshe herself could lenish Steptten a hundredfold worse than ainy law of bishop or deemster. If ehe coisli she would notinow pet; him away. Ho should live ox with tier, husband or Io hus b:ad, and she with him, wife or no wife. On hier way homo she cslled at the house of Kane Wtade, sat down with old Bridget, shed some crocodile tears, vowed she dares't have ould it on no occount to no other morthnl cowl, but would the Iseort of a wosomin Isolavo it ? her man lhad a wife i his own counlithry Bridget, weie hadherself had four hlsbaeids, lifted her linds in horror, anid next day when Stephen Orryo wei dows to thile boeats Kane filde, who ied ewlyl tered itethodiot, was here alrteoiy and told hhim--wihitgtlb a stick ie sne that e r the fiehingwr wan senderful cau livn geta'? nrdif he diuM't shortoen hneand sii be, sartons sure. Stephen took the ilnt in silence, and went off hom e. 'Liza saw him comiusg, watched him Nfrom the door, aud studied his hard set ace ewith a grim s:naile on her onn. Nest day Steh phen went off to ~Iatt iyl chreest the ncetmaker, hut h~att shook his heed, saying that t~aunsuxen had strulck u',inSt oreigni mes all over the island, and woun l not fwoe wit ttem. The dlay tafter tbhat Stephens tried Nary Crowe, the sinnkeeper, but ary said, of coorsue, it wasn't himself that was particular, only his customers were geottis' nice extreorlihiary about a m:an' snmoral lcsea r ef ar. As a last hope, Stephen went rp to Cleave Iiniley, who hald telnl, used oskedeor u croft of ive acres that ran down to the beach of Port-y Vullin. "Nothing easier," said inley, "obut I moust have saix pousids for it begining half quarter day." The reut was high, but Stephen agreesd to it, roid promised to go agains the following day to sceshIis bargain. Stepthme was priopt to his engagemi nt, but Kinley thed gone ons the mountoins after some sheep. Stephen wvaited, end four hours later Kiuley returned, looking abashed, but dogged, and sayisig he must have good security for a year's reot doeni. Stephen went hack home with his head deep to his breast. Again the woman sas hin cosing, gain she studied his face, and again she lisghld in her heart. " He will lift his hand to me," she thlought, i and then we shall see." But he seemed to read her purplose; and determined to defeat it. She might starve lim. herself, and their child, but the revenge she hlind set her mind upon she should not have. Yet to live with hier and contain himself at every brutul act or bestial word was more than he could trust himself to do, and he detersoined to flyavway. Let it be Sanywhrlereo-anywhlere if only out of the torture of her presence. One place was like another in MIsann, for go where ie would to any conser of the island, there she rould surely follow him. Old Tlurstan Coobragh, of Ballacreggan, gLve him work at draining a flooded meadow. It was slavery that no othler Christian man e-ould do; but for a mouth Stephen Orry orekod up to his waist in water, and lived on barley-bread and porridge. At the end of hisi jobhehad 36s. saved, and with this money in iis pocket, and the child in his arms, he hurried dlown to the Ilsrbour at Ramsey, where an Irish packetlay ready to sail. Could heo have a passage to Treland ? Cer. tainly he could, but where wa u his licence ? ..;?fejrl~n ~Olr-vIhad never hc.?f.n ntrtd a: mI a-oero-a '-'ma~lln- e I~OtU te -- o) Ioan he must hold a licence permittisg him to do so Go to the high bailiff," said the captain of the packet; tod to the high bailiff Stephen Orry went. " I come for a licence to go away into Ire land," he said. " Very good. But whlere is your wrife ?" said the high bailiff. Are you leaving her be hhind you to b a burden onthe parish '" At that Stephen's heart sank, for he saw that his toil lihd been wasted, and thlat his savings were worthless. Doomed ihe was for all his weary days to live with the woman who hated him. He was bonund to her, he was leashed to her, and he must go begismed and bedraggled, to the dregs of life with her. So he wenvt back home, andi hid his money in a hole in the thatchl of the roof, that the touch of it might vex his memory no more. And then it flashed upon him that what he was now suffering from this wroman si as after all no more than the complement aud counter part of what Rachel had sulfered from him in the years bhlind them. It was just-yes, it was just-and because hlie was a oans and Rachel a woman, it was less than he deserved. So thinking, he sat himself down in his misery withl resigsation, if not content, vowing never to lift his hand to the woman, howveer tormented, and never to leave her, however tempted. And when one night, after a storm, an open boat came ashore, he took it aed used it to fish wvith, and th'us tie lived, and thus he wore away his wretched days. And yet hie never could have borno his punishmlent but for the swreet solace of hIis child. It eas the flower in his dungeon, the bird at its bhrs. Since that bad night, when' his secret had burst from him, he had nurSed it and cherished it, and had done for it many tender oflices. Every day he had softened its oatcake in his brothl, and lifted the barley out of his own bowl intlo the child's basin. In the summer he had stripped off-shoes and stockings to bathe the little ankles in the bay, and in winter he had wrapped the child in hIis jacket and gone bare-armed. It was now four years old asd went overywlheore with Stephen, astride on his broad back or perched on hIis high shoulders. He had christened it ifchael, but because its long wavy hair grew to be of the colour of the sun hlie called it, after the mansuer of the people, Sunloeks. And like the sun it was, in that hut in Port-y-Vullin, for when it awoke there was'a glint of rosy light, ans1 when t slept :all was gloom. He taught it to speak his native Icelondic tongue, adu the womas, who founetoverythsis evil that Stelphen did, found tis a barrier betweesnhor aisdthchicl!d. Itwas onlyinhisigno reance thhtohe didit. Butoh,strange destisny! that out of the father's ignorauceowas to shape the child's wisdom in the days that were to come! And little Sunlocks was eyes. an(t ears to Stephen, and hope to his crushed spirit and in telligence to his slow mind. At sight of the child the vacant look would die away from Stephen's face; at play with him Stephen's great hulking legs would run hither and thither in ready willingness : and at hearing his strange questions, his wondrous answers, his pretty, cleversayings. Stephen's poor dense wit would seem to stand agape. Oh, little Sunlocks-little Sunlocks-floating like the daydawn into this lone man's prison house, how soon was your glad light to be overcast! For all at once it smote Stephen like a blow on the brain that though it was right that he should live with the woman, yet it was an awful thing that the child should continue to do so. Growing up in such an atmosphere with such an example always present to his eyes. what would the child become ? Soured, saddened, perhaps cunning, perhaps malicious; at least adapting himself, as his father had done before him, to the air he had to breathe. And thinking thatlittle Sunlocks, now so sweet, so sunny, so artless, so innocent, must come to this, allthe gall of Stephen Orry's fate rose to his throat again. What could he do ? Take little Sunlocks away ? That was impossible, for lie couldaot take himself away. Why had the child been born? Why had he not died ? Would not the good God take him to himself even now, m all the sweetness of his childhood ? No, no, no-not that either; and yet-yes, yes, yes ! Stephen's poor slow brain struggled long with this thought, and at length a stranre and solemn idea tookhold of it; little Sunlocks must die, and lie must kill him. Stephen Orry did not wriggle with his con science, orif he cozencd it at a he made him self believe that it would not be sin but sacrifice to part with the thing he held dearest in all the world. Little Sunloeks was his life, but little Sunlocks must die! Better, better, better so! And having thus determined, he went cau tiou ,aLd. even unninglj, to work. When the little one. had disappeared, he himself would never be supected for all the island would say he loved it too tenderly to do it a wrong, and le would tell everbody that he had t tlen it to some old body In the south who had wished to adopt a child. So with Sunlock laughing and eo?wing astride his ahoulder, he called at Kane Wade's houme on Bllure one day, .ad told Bridget how he should miss the little chiap, for Sunlocks was going dojwan to thp Calf very soon, and would not come home again for a long time, perhaps not for many a year, - perhlaps not untillie was a big slip ofa lad, and, maybe-who could tell ?-he would never come * iback at all. Thus he laid his plans, but even when they were complete he tould not bring himself to carry them through, until one day, going Up rom the beach to sell a basket of crabs and ols, lie found 'Liza drinking at the "Hiber Ian." How she came by the money was at first his surprise, for tary Croe had long abandoned her; and having bitter knowledg of the way she had once spent his earnings, he himself gave her nothing now. But suddenly a dark thought came, and he hurried home, thrust his hand into the thatch where he had hidden his savings, and found the plVas empty. "That was the day to do it, hethought ; and he tooklittle Sunlocks and washed his chubby face and combed his yellow hair, curling it over his own breat undeft fingers, and put his best clothes on him-the white cotton pinafore, and the red worsted cap, ans the blue stockings freshly darned. This he did that le miht comfort the child member him at his best. i m re And little Sunlocks, in eigh glee at such busy preparations, laughed muIo and chatteredlong asking many questions. her u eii n" Whire are we goig, father Out-eh F Where ?" . SThe last, little Sunloeks, the last." " Oh, I know, Sunday." When all was ready, Ste pen lifted the child to the old perch across his shoulders, and made for the shore. His boat was lyingaground there; he pushedit adrift, lifted the child into it, and leapt after him. Then, taking the oars, he pulled out for Maug hold Head. Little Suulocks had neverbeen out in the boat before, and everything was a wonder and de li'ght to him. "You said you would take me on the water some day. Didn't youn, father ?" "Yes, little Sunlocks, yes." It was evening, and the sun was sinking behilld the land, very large and red in its setting. ' Do the sun fall down eve'ry day, father ?" " It sets, little Sunlocks, it sets." ' What is sets P" 'Dies." * Oh.".. The waters lay as!cel inder the soft red glow, and ovcir tholn the seafowl were sailing. *'" Why are the white birds sc'eimieig '" "~Maybo they're calling their young, little Smsoecks." It was late spring, ahd on the headland the sheep were bleating. "LoLtok the baby one--raway, away, up yonder. What's it doing there bh itself on use 'ock, and c'?ug and c'yiu and c''ing ?" " Maybe it'selost, little Sunloeks." " ThTen wihys doesn't somebody go and tell its father ?" And the innocent face wasfull of trouble. The sun rent down, the twilight deepened, tile air grew chill, the waters black, audStephen was still pulling round the head. " Father, whelre does the nighit go when we are asleep ?" "To the othlier world, little Stslecks." "Oh, I klow-- eavelln." Stephen stripped off his guernsey and wrapped it about the child. His eyes saons briglstly, his mouth was parched, buthe didnot flinch. All tsoughts, save one thought, had faded from his view. As ihe came to Port Mooar the moon rose, and about the saone tims3the light appeared on Point of Ayre. A little later hie saw thie twinkle of lesser lights to the south. They were the lights of : saey, wihere many happy children gladdened many lhppy firesides, lIe lookhed around. There was not a sail in sight, and enot a soun. came to his ear over thle low murmnur of tile sea's gentle swell. "Now is the time," he thought. Hie put in his oars and the beat began to drift. Buit no, he could not look into thile child's eva clihsevfld betsier doioh. S Ke tsolshiizi in his arms and wrapped himn in a piece of sail cloth. "Shut your eyes and sleep, little Sun locks." " I'm not sleepy, I'm not." Yet soon the little lids fell, opened again and fell once more, and then suddenly the child started up. "But I haven't said my p'ayers.' " Say them now, little Sunloeks." " Gentle Jesus, meek andinild, Loosk pon a little child, Guard me whlile in sleepl lie; Tak me to Thy home on--on- - " Would you like to go to lheven, little Sunlocks k "' " No." " Why not ?' - "I w\ant to keep with-withl-my fath~-'-" The little eyes were closed by this time, and thechild was asleep on Stephen's knees. Now wasthe time-now--now. But noit washarder now than ever. The little face-so silest, so peaceful how formidable it was The little soft hand in his own big hardpalm--howstrong and ter rible ! Stephen looked down at the child and hIis bowels yearcnedover it. It cost him a struggle notto kiss it; but no, thatwould only maketth task harder. Suddenly a new ithought smote him. What had this child done that he should take its life ? Who was he that Lhe.should rob it of whac t he could niever give it again? By wlmat right did lie dare to come between this living soul and heaven ? When did the Almighty God tell himi what the after life of this bable was to be? Stephen trembled at the thought. It was like a voice from the skies calling on himu to stop, and a hand reachling out of them to snatch the child from his grasp.. . What he had intended to do was not to be HIeaven had set its face aorinmst it ! Little Sunlocks was not to die! £ittle Sun lockswas to live. ThankGodL Oh! Thank God! But late thlatnight, a group of people stand ing attheir doors on the beach at Port Lague saw a tall man in his shirt sleeves go by inithe darlness, with a sleeping child in his arms. The man was Stephen Orry, and lhe was sobbiing like a woman whose heart is broken. Tihe child was little Sunlocks, and he was bheing carried back to his mother's home. The people hailed Stephen and told him that a foreigner from a ship in the bay had been asking for him that evening, They had sent the man aloisg to JPort-y-Vuthln. Stephe hurried homo with fear thisheart. In five minutes he weis there, and tlhen his life's blood ran cold. He found the house empty, except for his wife, anid she y ountstretched on thle floor. She was cold-she was dead; and in clay, oil the wall above her head, these words were wrritten in the Icelandic tongue, "So is ?atrickeen avenged." Avenged! Oh, powers of Heavenu, that drive the petty passions of men like dust before you! CHAPTER VI. TIE cITTLE WOPcLD OF BOY AND GIRL. Three days later the liad lottery of 'Liea yilley's lifennd death wasplayed out and done. On tile moninlg of tile fourth day, some time before the dawn, though tile mists were rolling in front of it, Stephen Orry rose in his silent hut in Port-y-Vuliin, lit a fire, cooked a hasty meal, wakened, washed, dressed, and fed little Sunlocks, thennailed up the doorfrom the out side, lifted the child to his shoulders, and turned his face towards the south. When he passed through Laxey, the sun steood hih, and the tduet of the roads was beng driven in their faces. It was long past noon when he eameo to Douglas, and at a little shop by the harbour bridge he bought a peecnycorth of barley cake, gave half to Sunlocks, put the other half into his pocket, andpushed on with longer strides. Thetwilight was deepening when he reached Castletown, and there hi icquired for the house of the Governor. It wes pointed out to him, and through heavy iron gates, up a windicg ar ,risre-wa?icied cwith lies and bordered tl daffodils, he made towards the onlydoor he saw. It was the main entrance to Government-. house, a lowv broad porch, with a benich on either side, and a cross-barred door of knotted oak. Stephen Orry paused before it, looked nervously around, and then klocked with his knuckles. He had walkedl six and twenty miles, carryincg the chdld all the way. He wansweary, footsore, hungry, and covered with dust. The child on his shoulder was begrimed and dirty, his little face smeared in streaks, his wavy hair loaded and unkempt. A footman in red and buff, powdered, starehed, gartered and dainty, openedthe door. Stephen Orrt asked for the Governor. The footman looked out with csur priseat the draggihd mian with the child, aind aked who hewas. Stephen told his name. The footman asked where he- came from. Stephen answered. The footman asked what he amr for. Stephen did not reply; Was itfor meal? Sthen shook his head. Or money ? Stephen aaiduno. With another glance of surplise the footman shntthe door, saying the Governor was at dinner., Stephen Orry lowered the little one from his shoulder, sat on the bench;in the porch, placed the child on his knee, and gave him the re mainder of the barley cake. All the weary journey through he had been patient and cheerful, the brave little man, never once crying aloud at the pains of his long ride, never none whimpering at the dust that blinded him, or theheat that made him thirsty. Holdhig on athis father's cap, he had laughed and suuI evenwith the channels still wet on his cheelks` where the big drops had rolled from his eyes to his chin. Little Sunlocks munched at his barley cake i eilenoe, and in the gathering darkness Stephen watched him as he ate. All at once a silvery peal of child's laughter came from within the house, and little Sunlocks dropped the barley cake from his mouth to listen. Again it came; and the grimy face of ittle Sunlocks lightened to a smile, antd that of Stephen Orrylowered and fell. "WVouldnt you like to live in a house like his, little Sunlocks ?" " Yes-with my father." Just then the dark door opened again, and he otman with a taper in lls hand, came out to ight the lamp in the porch. " Vhat, hero still "' he said. " I'm waiting to see the Governor," Stephen )rry answered. The tne foouttrmwentin and told the Gove:nor that a big mani and a child were sitting in the porch, tolkingsome foreign lingo together, and refusingto o away without seeing his Excel -.-.AdOa?i rfldb'thercwa.:en-thdcminsr-taplei,'. enveloped in tobacco clouds. His wife, Ruth, haddrawn her chair aside that she might knit. 1 Stephen Orry entered slowly with little Sun- I loeeks by the hand. " Thisis the person, your Excellency," said the footman. " Come in, Stephen Orry," said the Go vernor. J Stephen Orry's face softened at that word of welcome. The footman's dropped and lie dis appeared. Then Stephen told his errand. "I shallcome ] to have giveyou something," he said trying to 1 speak in English. i Adam's wife raised her eyes and glanced over him. Adam himself laid down his pipe and 1 held out his hand towards Sunlocks. But 1 Stephen held the child back a moment and spoke I agoain. i '" It's all I shall have got to give," he said. " Whatis it ?" said Adam. "The child," said Stephen, and passedlittle 1 Sunlocks to Adam's outstretched hand. At thatAdam's wife dropped her knitting to her lap, but Stephen seeing nothing of the amazement' written in her face, went on in his broken words to tell them all-of his wife's life, her death, his own sore temptation, and the voice out of heaven that had called to him. And then with a moistened eye and a glance at Sun locks, and in a lower tone as if fearing the child might hear, he spoke of what he meant to do now-of how he would go back to the herrings, and maybe to sea, or perhaps down into the mines, but never again to Port-y Yullin. And because a lone man was no com pany for a child, and could not take a little one with him if he would, he had come to it at last that he must needs part with little Sunlocks, lending him, or maybe giving, to someone lie could trust. " And so," he said huskily, " I shall say to me often and often,' The Governor is a good man and kind to me long, long ago,'and Ishall give little Sunlocks to him.' " He had dropped his leaO nto nt ore as no spoke, and beiug no-linishedhe stood fumbling his scraggy goatskin cap. Then Adam's wife, who had listened in mute surprise, drew herself up, took a long breath, looked first at Stephen, then at Adam, then back at Stephen, and said in a bated whisper : " Well, did any living soul ever hear the like in this island before ?" Not rightly understanding what this might mean, poor Stephen looked back at her in his weak, dazed way, but madeher no answer. -.~il~il~ T C~bu'^ i~~llte'lkB^'^te-.S lic said, and Stillthie h iiesasiig: of i- what a'she said haa'not worked its way through Stephen's slow wit, and he mumbled in his poor blundering fashion: " Heis all I have. ma'am." "Lord-a-massy, hma," she cried sharp!y, "butwe might have every child in the parish at your price." Stephen's fingers now clutched at his.cap, his parted lips quivered, and again he floundered out, stamnmering like an idiot: . S"But I love him, ma'am, more than 'all the world." - "Then I'll thank you to keep him," she ais.wered, hotly ; and after that there was a dead silcecs for a moment. . . In all Stephen's reckoning never once had he counted on this-that after lie had brounght himself to thatsore pass, at whlich he cotild par with Sunlocks,' and turn .his back. orihim; never more to be cheered by his sunny face and merry tongue, nover again to- be wakened by him in the morning, never to listen to his gentle breathing in.the night, never to feed him and wash him, never to carry him shoulder high-any human creature could say no to him frome thought of Sthe little food lie would eat or the little trouble Ihe would ask. Stephen stood a moment, with his pcor bea wildered, stupefied face hung down, and the great lumps surging hot in his throat, and then, without a word more, lie stretched out his hand towards the child. But all this time Adam had looked on with swimming eyes,. and now le drew little Sunlocks yet closer between his knees, and said, quietly :. ! . '.., " " Iuth, we are going to keep the little orie. Two faggots.will'burn better thalioi,.e hild this sneet boy will be compainy for ourý little Greeba." "Adam,"- she cried, :.haivn't youichildrei, -enough of your own, but youmliust':ieddstake. other folks'.?";-. :. i : '; S" Ruth," he answered, *". I, have six sons, and if they had ben tivolveIperhap3s,: [ should have been better pleased, so they liad ill .i enas strongarid hearty; and I hjivab il daghter, and if there had beau two it would iha'v suited mdaswell," . "".:: " ' '* "'." .. ", eow the ru nour of Steophn Orry's former marriage, which i 'Liza lhad so z? aously set afoot, h.d rvached Government-house by way of- Lague, and while Stephen had spoken Adam had remembsred the story, and thinking of it 'e had smoothed the Ihead f little Senlockswitl a yet tenderer hand. But Adamds wife, recalling it now, said warmly : " Maybe yot tlunk it wise tobring up your daughter with.the merry- begot of any ragabash that comes prowliug along from goodness knows where." " Ruth," 'said Adam, as quietly as before, " we are going to keep the little one," and at that his wife rose and walked out of the room. Thelook of bewilderment hlad not yet been driven from Stephen Orry's face by the expres sion of joy that had followed it, and now le stoodglaucing from Adam to tie door and from the door to Adam, as nmuch as to say, if Iis coming had brought strife he was ready to go. But the Governor waved his hand, as though following his thought and dismissing it. Then lifting the child to his knee, he asked hisname, whereupon the litt!e man answered promptly that his name was Sunlocks. " Michael," said Stephen Orry; " but I call him Sunlocks." " Miichael Sunlocks-a good name, too. .lul what is his age ?" " Four years." "Just the age of my owu darling," said the Governor; and setting the child on his feet, li rang the bell and said, " Briug little Greeba here." A minute latter a little brown-haired lassie, with ruddy cheeks and lanuhling lips and sparkling brown eyes, came racing into the room. She was in her night-gown,I ready for bed, lier feet were bare, and under one arm she carried a doll. " Come here, Greelbareg," said the Governor. and lie brought the children face to face, and then stood aside to watch them. They regarded each other for a moment with the solemn aloofness that only children know, twisting and curling aside, eveing one another furtively, neither of them seeming so much as to see the other, yet neither of them seeing anythiig or anybody else. This little freak of child manners ran its course, and then Sunlocks, never heeding his dusty pinafore, or the little maiden's white nightgown, but glancing down at her bAir feet, and seeming to remember that when his own were shoeless someone carried him, stepped up to her, put his arms about her, and with lordly, mascuhlno superiority of strength, pro ceeded to lift her bodily in his arms. The attempt was a dieahtrous failure, and in another moment the two were rolling over each other onthe floor ; a result that provoked the little mniden's direst wrath, cod the blank astonishl mont of little Suosloek.s. SBut before tihe tear-drop of vexation'was yet dry on Greoba's face, or thesilent bowilderment sad gone from the f?ies of Sunlocks, sho tws holdhlg ouet lr doll in a silelor, wlray in sis direction, os iuacis cto say t e migsit look at it if hoe liked, only ne must istthike thal lse tcas asineg him; sud lie; otlil, dg loth for her fierce reception of his gallamt tleder. was devouroio lthe stroge sight ilth lere ful oft awe. , Then follo\w;ed soaue sliest, ihcalitulate chirps, and the doll as- pssed to Scicoeks, who turn'ed the strahge tlimne--seol o a eyes of hlil ad isver bhhlld--orer o li over ind es- er, wchile the little woms broughf t eat from dark coriers of the rooococnl froic enrious receses ollnliocwn save to her one ucnds aeisd iuees, c chile crith a pencil and spojnoce tied to it by a siriug, a pic tpce.book whereof tle bindiig hurlog looe, solne bits of ribbon, red and bilu, anldlinhrdly three tiriy cups and saucerswit awllo tche o ccoilccay ig wonder of craln-jiu, anud tea-sot. In tmhre minutes more to little Iodieas sere sittinr n their Ihauncches. to, little toncgues eeroe ackll?i acid cov'rnblig, the rooa wviic rippliing eover itic a emery t oritter, the strange seriousn air ewas gone fom the little fitcers, tile little kcan acnd tlie litle iaid as-ere far ciray calrcady in tice little world of clildlhood, and all tIce universe baeside woas gone, aid lest and for gettenc Stephen Orry had looced" downv from his great height at this encoulcter oi tle floor, snd hcs dull, slow eyes had ttled, for icn some way that he could not follow there had come to hie at that sieetsiglt tshe cltin deep carnicig thcmt had pahined him in tie boat. And seeing how little Sunloeks weas rapt, Stepheln struggled hard witls himself and said, tuneing to thi Goverenor: " iseow's tlhe time for me to slip'aayg.'" Then they left the resn, ue motited of the bus1 people on tie floor. to cry etch efjoyaof hias cecnfideiijhd - had then nestled dowc his soiuniy head on thie pillow where little Grceba's curly doll also lcy, with lieh doll bemctween him anid her, acd sione marbles in ilis hand to comfort his hoort. Stepcen Orry, unable to drag hihiscelf cerisy, was trIhpirng tice dark roads about tie hroate. He wectl off at lengthl, and wrs secc nno more dt Casutlerow for macny years tcereafter. Noow this adoption of little Sucnlocka into tlie family of tIce tovernor waes anc incidest that produced many elfects, aid tI he irt of them was the serious estrangement of Adam and hIis wife. Never ad trwo persons of tecspeaermelts so olp-i posed lived so long in outward liareony. ielr face, like seine coeuntid cuntry, revealed itsla before and after. Its spring must hla been keeli and eager, its sunmaer was overcast, and its winter eould be cold acid frozee. Shel weas noto Mcacux wom n can, bt an fdamily of Freanch refugess, settled as ideocates onic tie north of tlc island. Alwvs vis eiof hose, aie had mnarried in her early avomnuhoed, when Ada u Fairbrotcer wsas newly returced fromn acrbary, csid hisa adventu e abroad were tIce cosmoo gossip nad seiculaatioc. Brcl uilaim had diayhisited her aubitioc at tihe outed by drolsicunino the ruts of a homely life. Only eonc hashe i lifted him out of them, and that arilse fter twenty years, whec the whni acd -lise,, of tile dake latd led h l toevisit Lage ; cad Tlsen her impatieneo, her iAportuncilt, ler fuss ancL thurry, and appeals in the nacm of thcir ehildren, had made him governor. Ilecimtime, she had bornos him silot sons in rapid succession during tIshe lirst te yeanrs of marriage, andauter lc iciterval of ten other years she hlad hene a daughlter. osur ecd twenty years tlie good mccn lived at pece with lir, drained of hisa serenity by her restlessouess, and of his usoel fshness by herself-scelcng. With ase wsecoil tempt of trines, tIe had kept pesce over little t hlings, and the islmid had lonci irnnsed itself about his plianct disposition, but now thant for the firslttime he proved ucyildtig, tlie itsihtd said he wics wroneg. To adopt a child gacinst the wish of his wife, to tale ito hris foly tihes waif of a drunken woman and sin idle foreigisor, was an act of stubborn bijusticeand folly. But Adcno held to his porpose, and Michael St!eoics remained at Gosra- ment house. A year psnced, and Sunloeaks has trans formed. No one would have rccogiscd him. Thei day hIis father brought him he had been pale snider tile dusto that coveredl him; lie hind been thinid acid had trembled, and his eyes had looited startled, as though ce had already bheen beaten and cuffed and scolded. A ehild, like a fioe wer, se tia e s colour of tihe air it breatilces, and Sucloeks had not beci too ouescg to feel tie to tlis doii, ,?id" hi°li hitcfb?w rddy? and his eyes sewre bright. He had becoe ploump and round -dc osturdy, and his hair had eoroe.l around hris head dad gromwc yet arouer of hue, like the plumes of a bird ioc the laove seasoe. Aud, like a bird, ie lunrrupletl tie lonbg day tlirougIh, skipphcg and tripplig and tlghylling aid sclgisg all over the hcaue, idolised iy sosice, beloved by many, caressed by aoli, even scinocing upon Xlrs Fairbrother herself, who, whalitever her objection to his presence, I:id not yet steeled hcierl agalrinst hsis sweetlcess. Amiotlher year passed, and tlc cheildren grcwa tousotlerh-Suilo s lad Grteba, bury tand girl, batllced sil ister-- tle sealeosu .chisionsouciecon heciithi yclhildhood, with helrc.little wcliccs, tLheirh, lttle c s, their little tiffos and with theb litle- scrr-as- "t-as overc:a?. existe- uee:. c -t n. Suliocl:a picedls tip his I-ngioh Wordms fi s as c idce: icked shella or tile boecneh , wtheIrg them on his tesg s t Ie cgalredt cbeslieltls into Idlg haiafor, i d-e -spin' themi alid i!cr themc:up aain. . - h." h cut let cnoter year?vn at b e, icd tou.ever, thlo lmucii ous inaeteno ef the abhilde .thcs ree Pt the cstr-ne trail e 'shex rceveain alreiady tlceir little diffrclenees eof rlchretcr, siad eliowiei g liit theay were to b in day a to oin-s tlics .licle macdl qcisceh, urgent, imcissie, aid vaici -c;uei little manc, quid, uncselfsh; andoustpatientbeutu Lable to outbursts of t'cpdr. : :i : A fourth year e .ssed, an d then' otl cslittle hooplae were parcted. 'ie duiressa?thaf' ndom Lonadon, wheare ler igihts had so reidsoe anti hieteldys iso frehlncess, to get baisk - lictlc'ef thle colour of tice sucs incto. lier pialld chtel s? acid driving nice day from 5lnounit Macrcry?..ho Goveunneint-lonuse nice tls o0, &Tc-bls-i; in ticls cad outside Castletown- It was cicicnuacr;aciidlice litlto iiicidetli ofleight, berilt ;is:tic.'n.liglit tic:it irlistnced eon her head, her ebels allp inscelicid aelhite, her cyes sparckiico niudeer Icsr dacr?, lfslie]sf, her browro hair rippliiig beincdliar,b'ticr freck tufkrfd up iclfishwife fasohidni, hor legs bare, aid list aWhits lihen cun-bonccet swehigiing in 'lr idad 'c?mas chasing a buttcrliy amid thce yeliov tipped guse tiht bolew by tile roed side. 'lhat vision of beauty scud healtlcavwatened a memory of less charm and freslices. T lihe duches'rae mecbhered a little miaidec of her ocni who was also eight years old, dsaicity cii ii'oretty, bntpcle sitd sickly, peaked up in a chill static house in Louidoec, pl-ying alone switll bcws anii ribboes, alkicing to hceroelf, and hiasiucg iio oempailnio i ex cept cc fidgstty Frencih governess, who waes werinkled acutd 1d lost Bclne of hour teeth. A few diays lutter tie duchess cames aigaisi to Govermenit ousce, brought a gay iece hat foe Greseb, and proposed th:et use little ceasid should go home weith ler as playfellowe for hle only child. Adam promptly said 'No"ito her piropsaud, with what esIsphoeLS hid courtesy would permit, srging thlast Gireeba, luecing so muehi gounici" tin, lier brroUthrs, was like anc oily child cc tlice failr, and tllat se sc-sicn any casemno only dugltir. hati Adau'swisae, thlincking s-ac \" her spporltscity, feoucd causicy reasons whlv rcesha scould be alloeed lo gso. Feor wosld1it hi right, to crss tIce wish of so great a lady i--acd ose, Ic e, whos case to iu aeiseU cheir niistrcss also. Anid thlcec aho could say what the duchess might do for the child samc day --acid inc any evect avsct' it at chaccc fos wicthc ancybady -lbse iuc the isloncd woulu give both his cars to haivo his dauiglter brought np iu Locndsn, and at the great Icouse of the Duke of AhtiOL? ofThe enOd of it was that Adaou yielded to his wife now, as he had often yielded before. ' ButI'll eadly mise my little lassie," 'lhe said, "c and i muelf miedoubt but I'll repent moe of letting her go." Yet, while Adam shook his head and looked troubled, the little maid herself was in an ecstasy of delighlt. e Atd o1Id yon really like to go to Lon don, Greoba ven ?" " But should I see the lerriages, and the ladies on horseback, and thile shops, aion the little girls ii velvet--should I, ohl ?" L Maybe so, my veen, maybe so." " Oh!" The little maid gave one glance at the infi nite splendour of her inew how and feather, :od hier dark eyes sparkled, while the eyes of her fatlhr tilled. 's tu not Miiclhael Suiloeks, yon kinow, Greobaven; no, tnor mother, nor fattler." At that word there was a pretty downwaird curve of thie little lip; but life ltad no real sorrow for one with such a. hat and such it prospect, and the next instant the bright eyes leapt again to the lo,-ing heart. " Then ran away, Greeba ven--run." The little maiden took her father at his word, thlough it was but sadly spoken, and bounded off iu chase of Michael Sunloocks, that.she might tellhim the great news. She found him by the old wooden bridge of the Silver Bunt near tite Malew Churoh. Michael Sunlocks liad lately struck up a fast friendship with the carrier, old crazy Chalso A'Killey, who sometimes lent him his donkey |for a ride.c Bareheaded, barefooted, with b ech s rolle us abo 6 the. knees, his shoiW and stocking swanmg aboict his neck, ad his wavy, yellow lea rough and tangled, Michiel. Sanlocsa was now seated "barelacked on this donkey, tugging the rope that served it for curb iced snaooe, acid persuading it by the help of a blaclethorn stick to cross the river to the meadow opposite. And it was just whon the donkiey, a creature of becomin- meekoess and ncest venerable age; wao relacting on these airgetceetas, alnd conteeplating the water at his slhoes with a pensive eye, that Greeba, radiant il the lhappineslto of her marvellous lhat, came ekipieilg on to tiee bridge. ice a momrent she bIurted out hler news be tirwcee many gusts of breath, and Michael Sun loct, itausing from his labours, sat on his locilc -asit, cd looked up oethler with great ,ender in his wide blue eyes. Sned I shall see ties carriages, and the " Ildiecs o horsablck, crdd ohe hi1se, and the wax- "" waors, and the wild beasts." r .b - a Sie eihyes of Smalocn gler hazy and wet, bati tie little ailceii rattled oni, cocking her eye : doec asoe spoke at herlrefiection in the smooth river, for it took a worldr of glances to ;roo- ftemiliar with the marvel han t ot on lmer blead. Adeand I slel wearvelvet fraocks, and leave civw aitrs oiteh, and lots of goodies and thingens and-cud didce't I always coy a good fairy conid voies for es some day." " What are tali1ug of, you sillyn " o sid .. Micihel Sunlocks. t I'm not a silly, a ed I'm going away, aend you are lot; andI'l le a girn to play with cisw- c it-boys-there I" - letilcila Sunlocos could bear no more. His sind Oercoed, buthis cheeks redened, and he ;/aid : " - ' " W?let do I re, yen stopid You aen go, if you like," and then down came his - tick riti a soundingt thwack on the dlcekey's Senlocks scrambled to is feet, all dripping rret, bu~t with eyes aflame anld his little lips set card, and the laid hold of the rope briidle and tuggoed citchone hand, wiele ith the stick in time oter he cudgeclled tthe donkey untlhe had Eorcd it to cross the river /nWnilo this robugh soe wras going forward, 2rcebs, who had shrieked at Mieaael's fall, teood treablin," wcith clasped hands on the bridge, and w'oen all was ovr,k the litle mnn turned to her c it high disdain, and rid, after a mighty toss of lics glieteningwet hea(? : " Did yreou think I was tdrowinedl, yousilly ? -l/Ic doee't yu go, if you are going I" lNst all the sldendour of hoer and feather: ould help the little maiden to withstand ndifference like ethis, so her lip fell, and she col: ciVWell, you needn't say so, if you acrc glad I'm gonlg."i And t acnlocks answered, "iWho says I'm" ladt Ntot that I say I'm not, neither," tee added qauickly, leapinog astride his beast igacnc. Where'cponGreeba said, iiIf- oe had been eing away, I shold haver cried," and then s save eeulf from bursting aout in his very icr,' she tuaned about quickly and fled. fluti'm not such a silly, I'm not," Michael Sunlocks shouted after her, and then down amce another thwe ck eon the dasonkey, and away espedacrssothe meadow. Butbefore he had idden far he drewy rein and twisted about, aud now hi b eyes eore swimming once luore. " Greebt," he called, and his little voice broke, but no mansoer came back to him. " Greeba," he called agais , more loudly, but Dreebt did not stop. SGreichae !" e sheoted with oall his strength ' Greeba--Greeba !" fut the little ceaid had gone, and thcre was no response. Thbes werene humming ine the gold of the gones, and tie firs- flies were bsuzzig abhouet the donkey's ears, ie the mountains evre fading away into a dimwet haze. plfh a hourlater tie carriage df the ducheoss-. drove out through the iron gates of Govern ment-leuse, and the little maiden seated le it by ti side of the stately ladycwas cryicg inc voice of child-like grief: " Sunloeks-Smhlcks! Little Sunloeks !" Tile advantage which the Governor's wife proposed to herself in parting with her daughter soh iever gained, and one of tie secret ends of" lmir life was tlmreby not only dnappointed but defected; for while the duchess did enothing for Gresba, tie girl's absence from homoe led Adam own little .t idtcitAbd.;" >ii?serl hedd?thr love on the strueglaer chem chances had brought to his door; being first prompted thiereto by the theought, which came only vhenlc it was too late, that im sending Greebk away to be compcany to some other childhe had left poinor little Sunlocks at home to be sole com pany to himself. But Michael Sunloeks soon won for himself lhe ceresaes that ehere once 'duo merely to pity of lies lonIelhceS, and Adam's heart went out to id rwitli the strong affection of afather. Ithe theroic, lee grew--a tall, lithe, round-limbed lad, with the smack of a man in his speec cnd ways, aned all tlie strong ?e:uthy of a vigoorous wonan in his face. Year followed year, hlis schooldays came erd., esut, he bescae sorte iad yetll mored tle Governor's quickr right hand •is pene aced.l his memory, even hois jsdgment and tho stai he ileaned onl. It was "Miichat el cilocke" ere, l rsand" Milel Sunldcks " there, and cc Mielicesi SIccnlcks wvill see to that," and - ' ea o y y safely nleave it to ichael Sun locics," ciadmecmetems thle comely acd winsome lad, withll a msiu's sterdy iodependence of sicrite but a romanc's ycercing for love, hleving lon found hc ero this acouantllay in tics hlouse o doverorirlirbrothlr, ciung to cl:at goOd " celin itli more tihcan the affectio, because less tclitho cofidLec, oe of i son, nid liko ason he. oteod to heim. f ow, for one who found this relatioe sweetu th :id beautiful, theree were massy who focicd it fai'hcnd 'unjuast, ickplying ne ucntaural preo frecce ofca cather fora stranghrbefdro hie own ehldcuden ; e-ie foraccst amnene those crio took :ch flis ufcicvourable vieweiere 3t1r. Fairlhrotler.: eundleer seeas:.l" ti-w.blead lher hasoucit dad, thbfy bceciice itle-cioel Smalocis. ' " i els sis hes'of Adcdr ISpaiberother Ir d groe e hio esi. rad e mei; ll bi, s.lomty fellows, rsghi ieilandI , i -r seCred teidseered, like ti lea dt tley l?e ed .sic, bat di- eringe lnch at malny . poinis Asker, the eldest, three i dtl r hirty when Sieclootes ccas fiftesuc, wasaciLe 'with grey: eyes. flabby tace, aid c clhit toispeLk of, good hecerted, but ucetable as water.. He \vas. for. letti~rrtcs odi noi and thipes id lo::oe. ".Aisy, ane, cyiser wlapt's the odds "' lhe weould say, i hid eraelineg wertey of spekint. hiat Ros, the seeon.l soce, cacd Steen, the third, ubotl "crsel, and ilot-b!osodd melt,repreioced heser with net osbjetice fro n thle lint, forc OCh," tiey notald sac, " oas aof these fiee d oys tie "slip will be wrecked cind scattled beforayer very eyes, atd not a peedl of caro left at here oted .lil aloag of tflea ctntulod voulg i:np that'isofteir ene'"t atnd snifilo' a ltaff o f tlhe. uld ma:ci," a-iouroe of speccie tici whih ea:t talt Aduic wouold wlc hi c belon,,ghtcg to Mietellael Scelocl. Aied at thalt conjeoticrc, Thucrtac, "tie 's.ofrtbs-onoa 1-lacsle- bearded fellow in top boots, aelraysrsd-eyed." witic cuteah dcnicekieg, but stroog of will and thl ruler of leis brithe, wroukl say " A', well, let the little bcaChe-L.nrCce keel lhis welathel r eye Ilitiec'," cetil Jaccob, tiee litthl soin, sandy as a fOa, sced ice sly acd watcheful, aced] Iodea, the yacengest, kccown as GeCntleisac Johalecy, out of tribute to lets love of dress, would shike their haceds tolgetiecr, and lent that they ronid yet. find a cry toI cook the goose of any siiooth-. facedil hypocrite shamicg Aberbrac. . " IsIey a device they tried to get Michael Suenloks tunecd cwray. ThIeya brooghet bad stories of his fEtther, Stephene Orcv,. now a imme of tee- ror to good people froee nortih to south of tie islaned, ai ease-ct trader rocnnitteg bletiwreen the revenue cutters ic tee ports ape l s-ueegglers out side, perhaps a wrecker hleoeclintcg ihe rough cicmncelsof tile COif, ace oul.ilaw rowing rich icy cricie, acd mlcarbe by blood. The evil rumours made seo ilpress'ionc osi old Ad.tn, but tlceyproduced Ia powerful offect where t:e effect hlad bacu epeted. Bit by bit, hideheart went out to tie Govercor, there grew upoa Michael Sunloeks o de1, loathing of tce very ascne cad thoeght of his feither. 'flee mecory -f his f;ather was now a thing of tlie mind, not the affections, acd tiee chsie oa tle two emotions, love for his foster father and ctdread of his cnatural osee, slowly but surely tigictued about hiceso that heia stergest ehops ccas that he eight never again set eyes en StephenOiry. fly this wcaescei he fell agaiso at lentc into tie hinds of tle sic Fcairhrcthrs, - sad isL1 the way to etotal rapture of old Adam's /fatnilg.• irnao Brr CNIU ED. " fieccelir. -~ 