Of Interest to Some THK starter for the Rockhauipton Jockey Club is an undertaker by trade. IF JSfellie Farren is fifty, it will soon be time for her to take to the ballet. LOCAL brewers own two out of every three ol the public-houses in Sydney and suburbs. AN ex-C. E. clergyman, of some fame for his preaching a decade ago, now keeps a pub. in North Queensland. CARRIE KII/LGORE is the name of the only female lawyer in Philadelphia, U.S. Lawyers here usually kill without gore AMONG the new candidates afc the next general elections in New South Wales will be twenty-four lawyers and live ex-clergymen. DR. KNAPPE has been appointed German Consul at Samoa. Are the Germans going to play " nap there—or, as they often pronounce it—nabt THEY were charging sixpence for drinks, and half-a-crown for a wash, at a bush pub. near ftorrangal, New South Wales, about a month back. A NORTH QUEENSLAND newspaper supplied its readers with a full history o| the Whitechapel murders under the heading of ".Our Christmas Supplement." THE Transit Commissioners in Sydney demand that they shall, Gallic fashion, be supplied with a harnessed wooden horse, for the purpise of testing the abilities of cabmen who apply for licenses. " CHARLES MARTIN, aged 18 years, weak intellect," is advertised for as missiDg. His friends should look for him at the Hall of Science. He is probably studying to be a Freeth ought lecturer. MR. GILLIES thinks that if he is allowed to allowed to retain the office of Minister of Hallways until 1S99 it is very likely that the Whittle, sea Railway line will be opened-by his successor MR. PARSELL, it seems, is a vegetarian. And yet the 7iines will have it that he is an agrarian. B t it is quite in keeping with Mr. Parnell s Home llule policy, and another proof of his astuteness that he should stick to qreeniood. " AUGUR," of the Australasian, is rather hard on Mr. S. Miller for devoting his sporting attention to "winning prizes of £40 and £50 at suburban meetings." As a matter of fact the stake in the recent Elstemwick Park race -in which ilex performed, was £350. A SUBSCRIPTION is to be got up in favour of the widow of an old colonist named Barrett, who died lately. He was one of the most ardent and useful workers in the Protection movement, but, poor man, he, like many another, was not able to carry out Protection on a small scale at home so successfully as on the great scale abroad. MB. J. C. KINNANDER, of Port Melbourne, has written to the President of the Central Board of Health, stating that the Indian " Baal-Fruit" is an almost infallible cure for typhoid fever. We hope this is not " Baal-gammon," as our brethren, the blackfellows, say. PARSON GANSTAD asked the N. Z. Government to give him a subsidy for a dozen lectures on the colony, to be delivered by liirn in the course of a trip over the whole world. The Government deilined. Journalist W H. L. Bailey asked a similar subsidy from the N.S \V. (iovernment. Parkes granted it, but said it was through pity for Bai'ey. A LADY writing in the S, M. Herald says that superior women, instead of marrying as at present, should be regarded as the property of th«s S ate' and be united by it with such men as had distinguished themselves by public services. This, she contends, would spur men on to great deeds' and would originate a species of superior human beings. It is characteristic of S. M. Herald writers that as soon as they attempt to be original they become aboriginal. Tins year of our Lord marks another, and by no means, an unimportant Australian Centenary. In the year I7S9, the first theatrical performance took place in Australia. It was a "Convict show," and was given in Sydney. The event is rendered doubly historical, not only as the first theatrical pe rformarce, but from the fact that the famous pkkpicket, George Parrington, took part. He wrote and delivered on that occasion the prologue in which occurred the celebrated lines :— " Irue patriots we, for be it understood, We left our country for our country's good." Jf Australian managers desire to keep up the Centennial, we may info- m them that the exact date was 4th June, 1789. The centenary of the first Australian newspaper will not arrive until 1903 IN an obituary notice in the Age of the otlier day, H e bereaved ore says that " o'er thy grave I sweel y weep sad eilent tears." Hum ! Thought water of that description was more briny than otherwise. Must have been mistaken though. But the "sad silent tears" breaks us all up. Who ever saw a tear that wasn't silent, saving only the large cross-eyed variety that a fat woman, weeping at an altitude of 47 feet, allows to fall on the footwalk with a dull thud? Anyhow, does that snuffling obituaryist expect the tears to jump up on thenhind legs and yell " Ballyhooly," oris he disgusted because they don't do a song and dance ? If the bereavel one is intimate with a tear that has an upper G in its voice, we will be happy to be introduced. THE nomenclature of New South Welshmen, who devote their lives to living on the mother colony is often singularly appropriate. The other day Mr. Wisdom was Attorney-General - a typical Australian lawyer. Mr. Goodchap, the Chief Commissioner of Railways, who has gone home with Mr. Speight, is being contrasted with another railway chap from Victoria, whom Mr. Want, another former Attorney-General, wants to get ousted. And now Mr. Dibbs, a late Treasurer, who so managed the Sydney Treasury that a cry arose, " Down with the 'Dibbs.' " THE Daily Telegraph says, " We have received a copy of a new work by Charlotte M. Younge, ' Pynevor Te quite equal to any of her past efforts. ' It doesn't matter very much, tut all those statements are wrong. Miss Younge has been dead over a year, and so " Dynevor Terrace" cannot be a new book, even if it did not happen to have been published some 32 years ago, as it was, although it is probably equal to " her past efforts." Miss VON FIKKELSTEIN says she wants to get home to Jerusalem before the railway from Jaffa to the Holy City is completed and the sacred and poetical associations of the place ruined for ever. No doubt pilgrims will travel by that line in future. Fancy making a pilgrimage in a train ! We are certainly progressing. In course of time pilgrimages will probably be made in Pullman cars with a comic opera company on board. The line from Jaffa to Jerusalem may not be a very good jone, but it will be a distinct advance on the old plan of walking to Jerusalem with dried peas in the boots, a 1 ? was the jocular custom of the old-fashioned pilgrims. THE Telephone officials saj' they have more trouble in understanding messages "on hot and dry days " than any.other time. Would you like to know why ? The reply then comes quicker Than lightning and slicker, (At replies we're aufait) ; Folks at these times speak thicker On account of the liquor Imbibed through the day. THERE is a paper published in Clifton Hill called the Sun. It's a dark day for Clifton Hill when that paper doesn't come out. There are six dark days in the week on Clifton Hill at this computation. There is a very scornful scribe on tie Sun, who waxes exceeding bitter and sarcastic at the ignorance he sees around him. "Passing," says he, "through the Fitzroy Gardens one day recently, and looking up at the Btatues stationed along the paths, the word DIANNA, painted at the bottom of the Goddess of the Woods's statue, caused me to wonder for a moment." It would be, perhaps; impertinent on our part to remind the gentleman that Diana was no more goddess of the woods thau she was goddess of furniture polish. And even if she had been goddess of the woods, she would have had-no connection with the " Woods's." Though Bhe might have taken the brush " now and then, she never descended to tar. EDISON, the great American scientist, informs the world that he is able kisseB by the aid of his new phonograph. This is not a bad idea, and, though for our part we prefer our kisses off the half-shell, so to speak, the phonographic kiss is likely to become popular, especially if the machine can throw expression into its kisses. The great disadvantage of the phonographic article rests in the fact that it won't matter a hang whom a mail gets his kisses from ; the kiss of a washerwoman with a face like a bladder of lard that has been run over by a circus, and smel'- ing of beer, will taste just as good, coming through a phonograph, as that of the daintiest little damsel of eighteen. The field for conjecture this suggestion opens up is unlimited. When correspondence by the phonograph becomes common, fancy a fallow's sweetheart talking a tender message "into the concern, and then handing the machine over to the cook, with an order to fill it up witli kisses :— Remember, darling, when I'm gone To think of me sometime, And send a tender message to 'J hat far-off foreign clime. Send phonographic words of love, And vows in which all bliss is, And promise, darling, promise you Won't send the slush's kisses ! •••vv THFCRE is to be no grand temperance demonstration day at the Exhibition—the project has been dropped and trodden on, and a look of awful reproach is discernible in the weather eye of every notable cold-water apostle in the metropolis. The reason for the abandonment of this cheiished idea is unique, and proves that the commissioners are not devoid of a species of fine, old, dry, Scotch humour. There is to be no anti-alcohol gala, because the bar-keepers who retail that popular poison are not agreeable to shut up shop for a day, and give the agitators scope for an onslaughter. Of course the Exhibition authorities expected the purveyors of the cup that inebriates to close down for the occasion when the. project was mooted, and their excuse is not accompanied by a facetious wink, as some people presume. The entire blame for the collapse is attributable to the grasping proclivities and the prejudices of the publicans, who churlishly refuse to cut off supplies of beer, and brandy, and wine, and whiskey, whilst the opposition pirty drives a thriving trade in lemonade and raspberry vinegar. We are sorry for all this—we fondly expected to be dazzled by the spectacle of the great circus bedizzened with rainbow-coloured diagrams of the human interior divine in its various stages of decay —we eagerly looked forward to a protracted study of the hi b-nailed liver and those other interesting items of internal economy, that the tea and toast advocate is given to flaunt in the faces of a fickle generation, to wring a pledge from a trembling wretch—we wanted to see a furious orator raging on every eminence, and - terrible examples in advanced stages of delirium chained to every post; but it is not to be and we are sad. We must go out and have a brandy and soda, or we fear we «)ay succumb to tears. FLEGY ON A BALLARAT RESIDENT, LATELY DE OASED, AND COT OFF IN THE FLOWER OF HIS YOUTH. A Ballarat resident—readers, give ear To as doleful a tale as you've heard for a year— Who had made out a living not boist'rously gay, In a sort of mug-to- mouth wood-carting way, Suddenly stopped, His wood-carting dropped, And down from the tree of existence kerflopped. And his name was—no matter—what matteis a name ? But he died, and he went to—the priest said the same— A swee spot, where there's, if we believe what we should, ND humping of water or cai ting of wood. Trite ev'n if true? How'd you like it if you ' Were cut off at the age of a Hundred and Two ? And his ghost slithered off to that shadowy bourne Whence we've heard of no wood-carting phantom return, And he left a disconsolate widow to start In her dreams at the ghost of the creak of his cart. Yes, sh« is alive, And whoe'er would wive Should this chance seize -she's only a HUNDRED AND FIVE. FROM New York comes the news of a wedding that actually took place up a tree. This is reversing the order of things with a vengeance. There is a vast difference between the American couple and ourselves. We got married first and have been " up a tree ' ever since. I he New Yorker's adventure came about in the following fashion :—He and hia best girl were invited to a party* where they had one of the inevitable lover's tiffs. They left the scene of merry-making together, though, mind you, they were not speaking to each other. On their way home they were joined by a clergyman, who unsuccessfully endeavoured to smooth matters. They had not proceeded far when a bull put in an appearance and went bald-headed for the trio. The whole party shinned up a tree like the proverbial greased lightning, the clergyman kindly assisting the other's girl up. The wild bu 1 scampered about the foot of the tree in such a manner that those above fairly shook in their shoes. Taking in the situation, the thoughtful clergyman admonished the couple as to the folly of quarrelling, and, what with fear and the minister, the business was settled, for they agreed to become one straight away. They were married right off. H ow different is this to the case of the young man in Fitzroy, who the other day solemnly made up his mind to part with his portmanteau—that is, to endow with all MB worldly goods the young lady who was to accompany him on life's journey. Now everything was The bridegroom failed to put in an appear, " Surely," said one well-known resident of Fit "surely he can't a forgotten his appointing Still the wedding party waited on, when 1 0 , behold, news of the wanderer arrived. The Pit, police had him. The explanation given was the wculd-be'husband had been caught furnish his house; but,' unfortunately for himself, he a1j& mindedly "used, somebody .else's furniture ^ relative's, we believe. . Moral.—Don't try toy the time-payment system:. Here, then, is anoJL illustration of, in a different manner, going tree." ' - • THE WA3CWofiKS.*-Still greater attractions. WE notice that Stillman and Co., Limiyl auctioneers afid financial agents, of 24 Swanstml street, have opened a branch office at 126%! s'reet, Sydney, and are now in a position to under! take agency and other business in that colony. WE have received from Mr. J. J. Miller ali publication entitled " Theatrical Sketches," fa a series of drawings of the various characters iil plays recently well known in Melbourne, raj artistic work has been done by Mr. F. KneeWi and the collection should prove an interest®! memento of theatrical personages. WK have received from Messrs. D. Cope Son a song, entitled "Long it is, love, since parted," the words being by J. Bemus and music by D. Cope. The air is a pleasing one, i as the words are not as nonsensical as the com. run of such compositions, we should think song would become popular. p l 