Mrs.; Bunny's -Burglars. (Continued.) There was no time to spare during the day at Mrs. Bunny's; everyone hulried over the morning meal; the Barrons went off in a great hurry; so;did Mr. Spoonie, after drink ing a cup of tea under Mrs. Bunny's re proachful eye. Bertha seemed a "little out of gear," as Ferries expressed it; and even' Miss Jones seamed quiet and 'preoccupied. Everyone had gone when Parkes and Pearce came down, for in spite of the fact that they required so little sleep, a great amount of calling was necessary every morning before they made their appearance. Mrs. Bunny waited on them herself ; and they held a low-toned, mysterious conversation, after which she seemed very low-spirited, and was heard to say, " Do as you think best, gentle men; perhaps it is, as you say, only right to take needful precautions." Dinner that night was quieter than usual; Miss Carney and Miss Jones had gone out, and Spoonie did, not put in an appearance. "I hope he's gone to the Young Men's Christian Association rooms ;":he does some times," said Mrs. Bunny with some anxiety. "Afraid not," said Parkes. "He's weak minded, you see; no brain power." "He's a good-hearted young man, but easily led," she sighed. The Barrens continued their dinner in a business-like way, and seeined to take no in terest in Spoonie's weak or strong points, nor in anything else that went on; a fact that Parkes and Pearce noted with sundry nods and raising of eyebrows... " Excuse me, Mr. Barron,".said Pearce in a suave manner, "are you suffering from bad eyes??" " Well," replied Jonathon, ":they rather weak." "Don't you .find it inconvenient to wear those goggles ?" " Use is everything, Mr. Pearce." "Oh I then you always wear them, I sup -pose," he said, reaching forth his foot to touch Mrs. Bunny's, so as to impress her with the necessity of taking, due note of what was going forward, and touching, in stead, Joey's ; whose long eyes were stretched far and wide, and whose attention was aroused to the fact that something was going on., "Well, yes; I may say that I nearly live in them," replied Jonathan. "Do you know," he- said confidentially, "I've seen a good deal of bad eyes (I'm sorry to say they're rather prevalent in the colony), and if you'll allow me to examine yours, I fancy I can recommend a cure." " Much obliged, I'm sure;" "said Jonathan, turning his goggles on him in what was no doubt a surprised look; " but my eyes are not used to lotions and that kind of thing, you know; they are simnply weak, and I wear the glasses as a protection from the glare of the sun on the light-colored build logs; it's trying to Victorians, you know, accustomed to dingy bluestone and dingy brick." "Ah Just so," agreed Pearce, again touching Joey's foot, and receiving, to his surprise, a somewhat energetic response, right on his pet corn. Immediately after dinner, Jonathan said something to his brother in -an undertone, and they rose, and went to. his room and they were distinctly heard filing and rasping at something. "Did you note what he said about not being able to go'without his goggles, Mrs. Bunny ?"'asked Pearce, irrepressively. "Well, I sawhim to-day in an ironmonger's, ex amining tools, and he wore no glasses at all !" "You don't say so, Mr. Pearce. What does it mean 2" "We'll find out before long, ma'am. Don't you worry; Mr. Parkes and I will not go out; we have a most important meeting for to-night, too, but will have to postpone it at whatever cost." " Oh I :How can lever feel grateful enough to you,. Mr. Pearce? - :Is that a knock? I hope' it is those girls come -home. I'm anxious about them," she said, hurrying away :. ... . "Good evenin' mum," said the rough voice of the previous :night' visitor; Mr. Barron home?" ". S"Yes; he's in-his room, but I'll tell him you want him." • "Do, if you please, mum," he growled. "Mr. Barren I" she called, in a trembling voice, for, as she said afterwards, that man Swith his one glaring eye at her and the black patch over the other, quite upset her, think ing that perhaps he might be.planning to kill them all all. "Here's a. person to see youn." S"Send him here, please,".cried Jonathan from within, and the man stumblel along. The door was opened sufficiently to admit him, and there he remained for hours, it seemed to them waiting in the parlor; but it was only an hour by the clock. And then they were rewarded; the door was opened, cautiously, it seemed, and Joey was heard to say in those round clear tones, somewhat suppressed-' " Must manage to get the whole job done to-night. We've lost time waiting for you." "Well," returned the other, his growl sub dned also; "mnst, I s'pose, if you say so. Two o'clock it'll be through." He-came along the hall and Mrs. Bunny met him and opened the door, and responded tbo his good-night, and then tottered feebly back to the parlor. "I'm ;afraid it's true, Mr. Pearce; he had a big, heavy-looking parcel when he came, and he's left it behind." - "Tools, no doubt," said Parkes. " Mercy on us I There's another knock." "I'll .:go," said Parkes. "Come along, SPearce; we'll let them see they have got de termined men to deal with." They. went quietly to the door, and then threw it open with sudden emphasis. "Thank you, Mr. Parkes. We both forgot our latch keys. Why, what's the matter ? Did you expect to see a ghost ? ' "Yes-no. , Well-a--the fact is yon startleime a little. I thought you were in the houso; mind very much occupied just now." They both laughed and ran into the parlor where Mrs. Bunny sat, looking white and ill. Bertha went up to her, exclaiming,in dis may--.: "Oh I how ill yo look '. " No, no, dear; not ill; I'm just tired out, that's all." . "Of course. -you are, after last night; go up to bed now, and I'1 make yousome gruel, and havea good night's rest, and you'll be better to-morrow.. .There's a knock; rI'll go," and off shei.raninlspite of Mrs. Bunny's endeavor-to prevent her. . . " Most imprudent,": murmured Parkes, standing up to listen. "Mr.; Barren home 7" inquired the man with the black bag who called the night be fore. "Yes. This way, Crow," called out Joey, who had evidently been expecting him. "I've fixed it proper this time," he was heard to say, excitedly. " Once they get into this trap they can't movre till they're let.". Then the door closed on the conspirators, but he did not remain very long, and when the door opened Joey said, quite distinctly "If it's a suc-ess, you'll get well paid. Make t 'se alterations my brother suggested, and do;i't be later th~-± two o'clock, becauise the horIs s and tras will be waiting, and there will be no time to lose, as the load will be heavy."' He let him out, black bag and all. Then, taking his candle, he said good-night to his brother, and mounted the staiis to his own room. - '" Well, that's pretty conclusive. They're evidenitly going to make the attempt at two? o'clock in the morning," whispered: Parkee, incoherently., -" You'd better go to the station and ask for police protection, Pearce I" "I've already done so. There's an extra man coming on at midnight to watch the house." "But what is it ? Do tell me, some one ?" cried Bertha. " Oh, Bertha ! those wicked young men are going to rob the house."' Bertha looked incredulous. " We heard them planning it with their confederates, and they are to be here at two o'clock, Mr. Pearce has informed the police, and we will take care they don't succeed," said Parkes. Bertha sat down with a faint, sick feeling at her heart. It was true, then; he was a common burglar. A thief, infinitely below those inflated fellows whom she had despised, for they, at least, were honest. "So," he continued, "if you three ladies will go up to your room so as not to alarm them, and Ferriss and Williams will be in directly, and after they're in bed, we lay our plans. Just as they begin operations we'll pounce on them ; of course Ferriss and Williams will help us, though we think it best not to tell them; they might bungle." "They've got a trap to spring out and catch us, and prevent us making a noise while they rob us. Two such pleasant lads, and so wicked," said Mrs. Bunny, weeping. "Don't fret about it, Mrs. Bunny. We'll soon have them under lock aind key," said Parkes, exultingly. "Wouldn't.it be kinder if you gave them another chance, Mr. Parkes ?" pleaded Miss Carney. "They are only young men, and if you were to tell them that you know their intentions, and will let them go if they pro mise to amend their-" "Oh, yes 1 I agree with Bertha, Mr. Parkes," said Mrs. Bunny, earnestly. "I couldn't bear to see them imprisoned, poor lads. It will be best to warn them, and let them go." " To rob others ? Oh ! no, Mrs. Bunny. Your kindness of heart does you credit, and, of course, is only what I should have ex pected from you. But a man has his duty to society to perform, however much against his inclinations, and we will do ours, and hand those culprits over to justice, even in violence to our own feelings. "But you must be sure, you know, Mr. Parkes," said Mrs. Jones, who was feeling very anxious as to how much they knew. ," Have you sufficient proof to warrant your giving them in charge ? Because they may bring an action for damages against you both?" . They smiled pityingly, and then Pearce condescended to explain. " Those men come over here on the pre tence of being small farmers, sort of market gardeners, in fact, one of them wears goggles and a large beard. His eyes are weak, he says; but I have seen him repeatedly wit i. out his goggles, and no doubt his beard can be as easily removed. Two men came to see them, both of whom the policemen recog. nised, when, I described them, as noted thieves, who have been suspected of having a a hand in several burglaries. To-night not only Mr. Parkes and myself, but Mrs. Bunny also, heard them making final arrangements for-two o'clock to-night, or rather to-morrow morning. They have a horse and a vehicle of some sort waiting, and they expect to have a heavy load. Of course they never dream of being suspected and opposed, and no doubt they have more "little jobs," as they call them, on hand to-night. Don't you think that is sufficient evidence or proof ?" Miss Jones sighed in a way that exasper. ated Parkes. "Strange," he said, " what sympathy a wo man has for a criminal-a common thief who wouldn't think twice of taking a life if interfered with in his plans." "I'm sn-sure," said Miss Jones, begin ning to sob, "they wouldn't do anything of the sort. If they do commit burglaries, per haps its because they're socialists, or some thing- those people who think everyone has a right to a share of somebody else's wealth. I dont think they are low, common thieves; do you, Bertha ?" But Bertha was too sick at heart to reply. She sat there, feeling that the whole world was rotten, and that there was really nothing, after all, worth living for. "I believe there's a step on the verandah," said Parkes. It was not only a step on the verandah, but a heavy blow on the door, and a husky demand to be admitted. "Good gracious I what is that ?" exclaimed Mrs. Bunny. The two men looked at one another, unde cided whether to answer or not. "I shay, Ferris, let'sh in quietly, there's a good chap." "Oh, it's Spoonie. I forgot he was out," Pearce said, looking quite relieved as he went to admit him. "Thanks, old fellow," he said; "first give me a help up-stairs; fact is, I had a glass- bio-champagne, and not being 'ous tomed to it, y'see, it went to my legs, but," he added confidently, "my head's clear as a bell, only I'm just a little giddy, and d don't to-hic-disturb the ladies. Keep it dark, you know." "Mr. Spoonie I Oh I Mr. Spoonie," said Mrs. Bunny, almost forgetting the burglars in her sorrowful indignation; "is this the way you keep your promise ? This is a nice state to be in." "Mrs. Bunny," said he with drunken solemnity, "look over it this time, and I'11 do--sme for you, some other time." "Come," said Pearce, "I'11 help you up to bel. Keep as quiet as you can." " Let me 'splain to Mrs. Bunny. "Come along, you miserable little don key," said Pearce in a savage undertone; " everything iWill be upset through you." "Yes; take the little brute up to bed and hasten back; we've a good deal to arrange yet," said Parkes. Hereupon Pearce hurried him, weeping copiously, up-stairs and into his room. When he returned he brought Spoonie's gun and a revolver from his own room. "I think these will do, Parkes," he said. "Yes; I have my loaded stick." "Now, if you hldies will go up to your room, we will make what protection we can for your safety, though I'm sure it won't be needed. We won't let them get up-stairs, I think, Parkes?" "I rabher fancy not," said PaFrkes know ingly. "Hadn't we better put some of the silver away ?" suggested Mrs. Bunny timidly. "The plate poor Mr. Bunny had presented to him, and the cups the boys won. "Not on any account," exclaimed Pearce hastily; "you'll only put off the evil day, and they'll attack you some time when you have no one at home to protect you. Come now; I will go with you up-stairs and see that your room is secure;you had better lock yourselves in one room." "No; we will not lock ourselves in. If there is any danger I'd much rather face it; but I'm sure he-they would ntt hurt us,"' said Miss Carney with a break in her voice that sounded like a sob. "No. I'm sure they wouldn't," assented Mrs. Bunny, ai she mounted the stairs. "Thank you for all the trouble you have taken, Mr. Pearce, but we'll be safe enough. Here's the key of the sideboard ; you'll find the whisky in the right-hand corner. " Mrs. Bunny, come here and say you for give me," cried Spoonie, whose head felt steadier since he had been lying down, and he was getting soberenough to realise howgriev iously he had offended. "Do, do forgive me." " You had better go and speak to the little idiot, to keep him quiet," said Pearce. So Mrs. Banny sighed and ivent to his door. "I forgive you, Mr. Spoonie; you have sinned more against yourself than against me; but, remember there is Another, whose forgiveness you must ask," she said. "Another? Oh I you mean Miss Carney.! I do beg her to forgive me. " If you speak another word to-night I'll never forgive you, or speak to you again," said Bertha impatiently. And Spoonie collapsed utterly, and silence fell upon the house. Meanwhile, the two downstairs had seated themselves comfortably to watch.4Pearce got out the whisky and some cigars, and pre pared to enjoy himself. Parkes, who did not smoke, occupied himself in writing a thrilling account of the affair, as it would, of course, happen for the next day's paper. He thought of the sensation it would cause, and what a hero he would be amongst those in the house, and how, possibly, his salary might be raised, and goodn,.s :knows what might happen if the foresight which frus trated this burglary, and was the means of breaking up the gang, received its due re-. cognition. Pearce's thoughts were much the same evidently, for he said, inma low tone-" This will make a stir in our shop, Parkes." "It should, I think," assented Parkes. " It's a public service and deserves a public recognition." "Yes, certainly. What a gift it is to be able to read faces. Directly I saw that fel low Barron (of course his name isn't Barron) I noticed the villany of his face ; that ready grin of his, showing all his white teeth, and the bold wiy he looks in a person's face, all denote the Hardened reprobate; no modesty, you know." " No; you're quite right, and the ;other fellow, hiding his face under his beard and goggles I Of course both can be removed at a moment's notice." 1" Of course. And the young fellow puts them on, being taller and a different build, he counts on being thoroughly disguised; that's why he shaved." "I say, Pearce, some one is taken down a bit. Was quite civil to-night, begging us to, give them another chance." "Serve her right. She fancies she's such a judge of a gentZeman." " She won't be quite so uppish in future, I think." "For my part," said Pearce, grandly, " I'll let her see that she's fallen considerably in my estimation. She'll refuse next time I invite her to go anywhere with me." " Ah I that was nasty. When you had tickets for the reserved seats, too," replied Parkes, sympathetically, but with evident relish. "'And she almost laughed in your face when you asked her," said Pearce. " Well, yes, in a manner," rejoined Parkes, the relish considerably lessened. " And three days I saw her walking by'the lake with that-that-burglar." "Well, she'll have to bail, him out next week if she desires his company," said Parkes,' spitefully. " Yes ; and the musical evenings will come to a close," said Pearce. "End of the season," said Parkes, wittily, and they laughed long and silently. "When this is over," said Pearce, at length, "I'll give a lecture at our association on ' Face reading; a few characteristics of criminals,' and invite her and the old lady." " And I'll write a comic song about them and get Spoonie to sing it," said Parkes. "Lucky he's drunk, ain't it 1" "Yes. He'd only be in the way." Just then the post-office clock chimed twelve, and, according to their programme, they turned out the gas and sat in darkness. Everything was quiet so far. Pearce smoked a few more cigars, and they both had a few more nips of whisky, and were beginning to feel cramped and sleepy when it struck one. They listened intently, then Pearce caught Parkes by the arm warningly. Yes, a door had opened, and some one was coming cauti ously down stairs. The steps went stealthily over the oilclothed hall, and stopped at Bar rons' door. It opened gently, and a low voice, Joey's unmistakably, asked-" Awake, Jonathan? Isn't it time for--?" Then the door closed. Pearce drew in his breath, and grasped the revolver, and Parkes felt along the wall for the gun. The time had come at last. They were not cowards; they had even more than the average amount of courage, but no one can wonder if they felt a monentary nervousness. The fastenings of the back doors and windows were of the usual insecure kind, and, for all they knew, might be open at that moment, ready to ad niit the accomplices at a given signal, and there were only themselves till Williams and Ferriss were aroused. Parkes sincerely wished now that they had been let into the secret, even if theyshared the honor and glory. If they would wake up in time, and the policeman was on watch as he promised, all would be well. ('o be continued.) 