supplying tobacco to prisoners, ALSO LITERATURE AND LETTERS. A "STIFF" SENTENCE. Another of thoso cases which have lyecnmo Bo -frequent of late, and which tho (hjUco authorities have determined to put a scon to by making an example of all offenders, came before the City Court this morning. when uilhnm Hotelier was charged with attempting to deliver tobacco to prisoners undergoing sentence in Her Majesty's Gaol. It -appeared, from the lUtemcnt of Roger Jones, warder at the gaol, that at nlmut 10.15 last night ho had occasion to open a door in tho wall which opens into an enclosed yard, where prisoners work in the daytime. Ho found Klutchcr lying concealed in a cart in tho yard, and re cognised him as a prisoner who had only been liberated it fow days previously. Searching him, he found in his possession a parcel ol tobacco rolled up in a letter, also a copy of the "Sportsman" and Herald. Tho newspapers woro addressed to two prisoners at present in the gaol, and the lcttor, which was addressed to "Dear Hill," hoped that the receiver would excuse the writer for not "turning up last night." Tho reason was that he got tight. Then thoro woro a few lines to Jerry Murphy about Jerry's young woman, who, tho writer said, wasn't " in a position to send him nothing." A message was also eent to " Doll" uaynor about a piece of " timber" that ho wanted, and a request, was expressed that one Murphy should Ihj in formed of tho writer's inability "to send hint afew plugs. Tho "Sportsman was for "Hilly Bluff, whois npatron of tho game, and might liko to know what was going on in tho world of sport . Tho prisoner was taken by tho warder into tho gaol, whero ho was given over to the governor. Hotelier was under the influence of drink, ami remarked to tho warder that had ho had " a little less liquor on board " ho wouldn't have "given up the ghost" bo cosily. On his way to tho watch- house ho remarked to Constnblo Nolan that " if ho had a fow pals in quod, lie wouldn't hesitate to do tbo sania himself." When before tho court this morning the Kisoncr looked very penitent and crest- Hen. Ho honed they wouldn't " send htm back for long." Inspector Larkin hoped tho Bench would mako on oxamplo of the prisoner. The practico of smuggling prisoners tolmcco had hccomo so gcuorm of lato that tho guard had to bo increased. Tho Bench sent him to gaol for twelve months' hard labor. 