THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL.. A sombre, overcast sky, from which d drizzling rain leaked at intervals, wa3 not. calculated to encourage tho general public to crowd up to Pain's electric display in Phillip Park on Saturday night. Uadcr drier circumstances thero oan be little doubt that tbe enclosure would have been taxed to its utmost extent. The unoheer fulness of the weather, nevertheless, failed to debar thousands from enjoying the promised spectacle, and by the time the aerial wire-walker made his opening bow, be gazed on nn audience, of which the management of any similar stupendous enterprise might well be proud. Tho programme was necessarily curtailed on 'account of tho weeping tendency of tho elements, but the general opinion at the finish appeared to be ono of satisfaction. The aerial wire wonder, who opened the proceedings, merits a large— very large — amount of admiration for the manner in which he capered along the rope between heaven and earth, and the aiiy style in which ho fooled Fate by balancing himself in numerous attitudes, sometimes ononefoot, then on tbe other, and again on nothing in particular and everything in general. Ho must be seen to be appreciated. Suffice it to say bo left us under tbe impression that he is at least exempt from one of the greatest misfortunes in this vale of tears— we mean that we do not think he is much troubled with life assurance agents. Wheu the parting plaudits to this clever gymnast bad Bubsiaod, the line of building.? courtyards, &c;,, representing Pompeii as it UBed to be, was brilliantly illuminated, while the audience sat in tbe shade and murmured with admiration, as the various processions, representing Roman courtiers, soldiers, slaves, Ac., filed into thelong, spacious grounds, and took up various positions. There were the veterans of the legions with shield and sword, the colored slaves, the competitors in the various games, the dancing girls, and all the other participants in the cere monies which go to make a Roman 1 holiday. Racing, boxing, and fencing were among the pastimes. From the style of boxing we conclude that the Marquis of Queensberry must have borrowed his rules from tbe ancients. The great piece of the night, however, wa3 the imitation of Vesuvius in erup tion. Tongues of fire shot up, and the earth rumbled, and general dis organisation and chaoB appeared to be gathering around as the city of Pompeii gave up tbe ghost, and itB inhabitants fled 1 in vain from bhe universal burst-up. The : effect was Eplendidly executed, und the ; scene was one not to' be forgotten : in a hurry. Subsequently beautiful fireworks of variegated hue3 broke out iu 1 several places, and made us sigh a3 they ; died away in the blackness of the night, 1 leaving us to pilot our way amid tho : glare of Messts. Kiikland and Co.'s powerful electric lamps to tho outer world. The show promises to be a large success if the weather man will only smile every evening. At Her Majesty's Mr. Gilbert Parker's version of " Mr. Barnes of New York," presented under the name of " The Ven detta," is rapidly winning for itself popu larity .and for its managers golden gain. A man has got to be an irrsclaimab'e glutton for sensation if " The Vendetta" does not fill his craving, for from tho very outset to the last moment thero is cold death in tho atmosphere. Much of the acting presented in " The Vendetta" is praiseworthy, and for the manner - in which the play is mounted wo heartily ; accord our warmest commendation. The ' public should remember ono important fact, viz., that other big ventures are in preparation, -therefore must the life of " The Vendetta" bo brief, so if they would witness a clever performance of a powerfal piny there is no time like the presans. That very popular and morally instruc tive play "It's Never Too L-.to to Mend" drew a houso to the Royal on Saturday tnat, considering the dirty weather ana the heavy counter inducements, was par ticularly creditable. The swiftly chaugi-ig incidents in the chequered life of Tom Robinson, the jolly "ely faker," was watched throughout the piece with unababinginber- est, and when at length his penitence 13 re warded by a great nugget find the house invariably declares itself on the side of the reformed thief by awarding a hearty round of applause. "It's Never Too Lite to Mend" is a good sound play, full of moral teachings and proper principles; therefore, if only in the cause of virtue, we hope for a successful last five nights. On Saturday next " The Streets of Lon don," with Mr. Warner as Badger, will be put up. " Betsy " attracted an overflowing house at tho Criterion Theatre on Saturday night, and standing room when the curtain rose was not to be obtained. This laughter- provoking comedy at onceput the audienco in a good humor, and the fun was fast and furious. There is talk of withdrawing " Betsy " at the end of the week, but considering its extraordinary popularity and success, no doubt the management will consent to play the piece longer. The management has a big card in reserve, and as soon as " Betsy " is with drawn the trump is to be played. It is no less than Lytton's great comedy, " Money," and tbe cast tbat Messrs Brough and Boucicault have got together to pre sent this fine work will stand, we Bhould say, unrivalled on this side of the belt. Vast preparations have been made for tbe adequate mounting and dressing of the play- Wallace's imperishable " Marltana " has been charming New Opera House audienceB —when did Maritana fail to charm, and we've seen it under the most ghastly circumstances ? This time, however, every thing is in favor of a completely acceptable rendering, and tbe audience are treated to the delightful music of the opera produced by capable people. Miss Graupner has scored another triumph by her fascinating impersonation of the pretty Gitapa, and Malle. Lablache's Lazzarillo ranks, of eourse, with the very finest we have had colonial boards. Signor Fimazzoni'e Don Joso will live in the memory of his ad mirers for many a day, and, in fact, the whole impression left by the performance ie undoubtedly pleasant. A silver entertainment waB given by the memberB of the Leichhardt Literary and Debating Society in the Presbyterian school-room, Marion-street, on Wednesday evening, to a large and fashionable andience. Miss Murray kindly acted as accompanist. The following is the pro gramme :— Overture, Miss Murray ; quar tette, " Sweet and Low," the Misses Kelly and Treadgold and Messrs. Langdale and Clarke; recitation, "Mary, Queen of Scots," Mr. Symes ; song, " Love's Old Sweet Song," Miss Lutnley (oncorod) duet, "Tho Minute Gun at Sea," Messrs. Langdale and Clarke ; recitation, " The Sergeant's Story," Mr. Sfcovons j song, "Homo Tbey Brought Her Warrior Dead," Miss Walsh; dialogue, "Tho Littlo Comedy of Marriage," Messrs. Kilpatrick, Clifford, Stevens, and Hyde ; recitation, " Over the Hill from the Poorhouso," Mr. M'Cready ; song, "The Miller and the Maid," M'ss j Parkhill (encored) ; recitation, " Inker- man," Mr, D. Clifford ; trio, " A Little Farm well Tilled," Messrs. T. Clarke, Langdale, and Hyde; song, " I'he Maid of tho Mill," Miss Lumlcy ; Seotoh read ing, Mr, Buchanan ; 6ong, Mr. C-ilbrou ; recitation from Shakespeare, Mr. lteevee. , Tho Associated Italian Artists will take a benefit at Her Majesty's tomorrow afternoon, when " Un Ballo in Maschera " will be given. 'J he opera is moot charm ing, and the cause, we hold, ie a good on tt'Jtfw.' the results should be cninen'.L satisfactory. The Governor has intimated his intention of being present. The Cogills will open a Gaiety seif-oa about the middle of next month. Wel come news. Arrangements aro in course of progress to bring the Hicks-Sawyor colored min strels bask here. The news of the sad death of Madame lima di Murslta surprised and grieved her many admirers in this country, as well as in England. According to one account she was born in Croatia, of noble parents, in 1835 ; to another in 1813 ; though Fcti3 gives her birth year as 1836. She studied singing with Signor and Madame Marchesi, and was possessed of a voice of exceptional range and quality. She made her appear ance at Her Majesty's Theatre, May 11, 1SG5, and sang there occasionally until 1873, as well as at Covent Garden and Diury-lano. She went on a tour in the Colonies in- 1873, and returned to England in 1S79. "Her former influence over her hearers was weakened in the meantime. She returned to America, and was said to bo living in poverty and obscurity in New York.'. Means were provided to send her back to Munich, where she died. " Sauvagette" iB the title of a new comic opera; the music of which will be supplied by M.jCbassaigne, the libretto being the joint work of two well-known French authors, who have had the benefit of the experienced counsel and valuable assist ance qf M. Marius. Tho opsra will be produaed in Paris under the above title, which will be altered to " 1796" on its re production in London. The drama witten by the reigning Prmcd of Montenegro, Nicholas I., ha3 1 been performed at the chief theatre of Cettinge, the capital of Montenegro. It is called the " Czarina of the Balkans," and, according to the Greek papers, it has achieved n great popular success. Mr. Charles Dickens, who 1b touring in Scotland, is meeting with great and gratifying success. On' Monday, January 23, at tbe City Hall, Glasgow, he had a splendid audience of over 2000 to hear " Bob Sawyer's Party " and " Trial from Pickwick." On Tuesday Mr. -Dickens was introduced at the local Royal Exchange, and, with many tokens of respect from the members, was courteously invited to sign his name in the distinguished strangers' book, subsequently complying briefly with tbe demands for a speech. The death of Mr. Frsnz Hueffer, at the comparatively early age of 4-3, has de prived the musical world of an erudite critic, aiid the Wagner party in Eng land of one of the earliest and most powerful of its championB. Only recently, by permission of Madame Wagner, he translated the correspondence between her husband and Liszt, and at the period of his death he leaves the first volume of the " History of Music in the Queen's reign " without its preface, and a libretto only barely sketched for an opera intended for Mr. F. H. Cowen. Mr. Hueffer's demise was so sudden, that a letter from him re ferring to his illness as merely a transitory touoh of erysipelas, following on a bad cold, caught at the Lyceum Theatre on the first night of " Macbeth," was received by a .colleague only a few days before the end. The funeral took place at the St. Pancuas Cemetery, Finchley. Little did Mr. F. H. Cowen anticipate the long and last pec ting with his collaborateur some few months ago. In speaking of Mrs. Brown-Potter's appearance as Cleopatra at Palmer's Theatre, New York, the Era correspondent said : — " Mcs. Pottor's costume was a little startling. Short skirts of a gauzy material disclosed limbs of rather pretty outline, but of not too solid and material a nature. The costume savored more of the burlesque stage than of tragic boards, and not a little surprise was felt at tbe exhibi tion. This surprise was farther heightened by the action of the lady in the death scene. The text makes Cleopatra liken the asp which she is about to put to her bosom to a babe that suckles its nurse to death, and the andience were made to realise the point of the simile by Mrs. Potter almost tearing open the entire front of her dress. Since the opening night this has been remedied, and it is now explained tbat the actress was suffering from ner vousness, and in ber excitement hardly knew what she was doing." This is a funny world. 