TALE ON CHANGE. One of the most singular points about oar election meetings, particularly in the metro politan districts, is the amount of excitement cot up whea there is nothing about which to be excited. One can understand that when political feelings run high, and the country is divided into two hostile camps upon some vital question, there should be disorder and riot daring a fiercely contested election; but at present, when there is nothing to fight about, it seems a great waste of national energy to expend so much time and trouble in trying to prevent candidates from peaceably getting rid of their burden of platitudes. By the way, if the electors who went to Kcw the other night to put down the Premier had only realised the hopeless contract that they had undertaken, they would probably have stayed at home Mr. Gillies has his faults, but an over- sensitiveness of disposition and a readi ness to be put dowa by noise are not of them. That is sad but curious intelligence that conies to ns from the Yellowstone- park, that a party of tourists have been seised and scalped by the Indians. The march of civili sation is so fast in these days that we had come to took upon the scalping Red Indian as an extinct species, living ouly in romance and on the stage, whilst the real article loafed round the overland railway stations, begging tor toljacco and rum. These ideas mnst, it seems, be recast. It is a proud position to be a member of the House of Commons, and still prouder to be member there "lor ail Australia," and to be able to hurl, in the interest of Australia, speeches nightly at the Treasury benches, aud letters daily at the English newspapers. But, alas, when the speeches are found out to be composed by another, and the letters are discovered to be written by another, the position becomes a very poor one indeed. By the way, what is "a ghost?" It is well known that m&uy; successful lawyers have "devils," but that members of Parliament employ "ghosts" is a better-kept secret. With us at election time they are much more likely to indulge in spirits. More " boom" insolvencies,and all of them with surpluses that make the mouths of ordinary solvent, twenty-shilling-in-the pound, mind-their-own-buainea9, pay-their debts people water. I fear, thougli, that the surpluses are only on paper; and paper surpluses (unless the paper consists of bank notes) are rather precarious just at present 2 am told that during the bad titpes in " the forties" it was rather "bad form" not to have been through the court Are we coming to that again ? He had returned from his holiday trip during the long vacation, and as he took his seat in his chambers, before the table covered with briefs, he noticed a letter marked "urgent" lying on his pad. He opened it at once. To his surprise and disgust lie found that it was from a well-known firm of solicitors, and was couched in the fol lowing terms:-"Sir,-Smith v. Brown As your delay iu settling the plead ings in this caBe has been productive ol great inconvenience to us, and has been the cause ot serious loss to our client, we trust that you will return the dr&tts; settled without further delay. Yours, &c.;, -He did not remember the case at all, and at once communicated with bis' clerk to ascertain what h&A; ftecasioned the logs of time. But the clerk reassured him. The solicitors had sentthe letter at the same tune with the papers. Experience told them what was likely to happen, and they had resolved to take tine hy the forelock. The dignified prelate was visiting his op* country parishes. Amongst others he s historic town on the Sydney-road. The local -lft-fff""" met his lordship with his well-knows pair of horse* onetrf whom wop indeed called alter the visitor. Now, the venerated pastor war supposed to pcnchaitf fbr proctic&l; jokea, and fcia ecclesi astical superior, as they- drove rapidly to the presbytery, seemed to be considering whether the inveterate joker would venture to play one upon him. ite didnot do so, however, and ail west well till dinner-time. Hat Just as the dessert was placed upon the table.fche coachman threw the door open suddenly, and called out, " Shall I throw a bucket of water over the Bishop-2" He got no further ; (he outraged prelate rose and froze his utterance with a glance, and was no doubt proceeding to launch the greater excommunication when his host hastily intervened, and in formed him that" the Bishop " was the near side horse, who had probably been token with colic. Bat his lordship took the other road when going home. He was summoned on the jury for the same day upon which the trade picnic took place down the Bay. Here was a dilemma. Happy thought-take advice. Advice given across the bar by smart lawyer's clerk. " Be ill in bed, I'll explain to the judge." Next morning accordingly he was snug in the blankets when the court opened, and the clerk went to the court to explain. The cases had all /alien through, and the jurymen were being called to receive their pay. Luckily the clerk had sufficient presence of mind .to meet the emergency. Not a moment was lost, the sick man was hustled out of bed, received his tea shillings for one day's attendance, and went to his picnic liappy. But the clerk has had a pound's worth of liquor since. There is a railway line on the South American pampas two hundred and eleven miles in length without a twist or curve in it; and not a bridge in the whole distance. Quite a contrast to some ot the suburban lines we wot oL I imagine, however, that we can match the above line in Australia. I believe that there is a section of the Sydney and Bourke rail road, down on the Bogan, which runs absolutely straight, without a single curve, for over two hundred miles. There cannot be any townships or syndicates thereabouts. Little town girl to young country friend on a visit-"I've told yoa all about Hiss Smith ; yon tell me what sort of a governess you have got." " She's right enough. She's very nice now. She used to be awful cross, bat that was when she was breaking as in." "Well, Jim, how are jrou getting on?" asked Slip-rail on meeting a stockman who had just selected fifty acres on the ran, and who owned two horses. "Badly, sir, I'm sorry to say; Diamond and Dandy are both dead," replied Jim sadly, but then, remember ing his position as a landed proprietor, he added with dignified resignation-" We stock owners must expect losses." I was reading the other day the report of a tuneral sermon preached on the occasion of the death of a late reverend divine. The preacher in the course of his sermon told a story of another clergyman, beginning in these words:-"A preacher was attracting crowds of unreasoning and emotional women, nearly all of them of the female sex" This sentence seemed rather startling at first sight, but probably the orator wished to draw a fine distinction and divide the other congregation into three classes-un reasoning and emotional women of the female Bex, unreasoning and emotional women of the male sex, and unreasoning and emotional women who want to vote. But it is not every preacher who could have put such an amount of classification into such a brief and peculiar sentence. ATJLUS. 