St. Monica's Church, Parramatta North. VISIT OF THE CARDINAL. The new Roman Catholic Church at Waitemata, Parramatta North, dedicated to the Saint Monica, was solomnly opened and blessed by His Eminence Cardinal Moran on Sunday morning last. There was a very large attend- ance, and before mass commenced the church was full to excess. The Cardinal was accompanied by Dr. O'Haran and Father Kavanagh, O.P., from Sydney and was received on arrival in Parramatta by Monsignor Rigney. The cere- mony at the church commenced shortly after 1 1 o'clock. Tho solomn procession around the edifice, according to church ritual, preceded High Mass. The acolytes were dressed in cardinal cassocks, and carrying lighted candles, the crucifex, etc., preceded the Cardinal in the procession. His Eminence presided at mass, and Monsignor Rigney was celebrant, Father Grace deacon, Father O'Reilly sub-deacon, and Dr. O'Haran master of ceremonies. Mrs. Colloy presided at tho organ, and conducted the choir, which in addition to her services, was ably assisted by Mr. Colley, Mr. W. J. Ferris, Mr. J. Garland, Miss Barrett, Miss Salloway, Miss Klien, and Mr. G. Roche. The foundation stone of the building was laid on July 22 by Archpriest Sheehy. The style of the architecture is Early English. It is built of brick on stone foundations, and is re lieved with cement facings and tuck pointed bands. The interior dimensions arc 50 feet x 23 feet, and the front elevation is 32 feet. The roof is an open principal, and is lined diagonally with alternate red and white, boards, which gives it a striking and pleasing effect. Light is afforded by thirteen lancet windows, the whole of which open and shut, thus affording gnod ventilation, in addition to the six louvre ventilators on the roof. The walls are 14 inches thick, and the total cost of the work, which was executed with that finish and neat- ness for which the builder, Mr. A. Ross, of Granville, is noted, is ridiculously cheap. Ex- clusive of fittings, the building only cost £380. There is a main entrance in Church-street, and another side-entrance and a porch for the convenience of the Sisters of Waitemata. The edifice will seat about 300 persons. Mr. Gordon McKinnon, of Parramatta, is the architect. On the conclusion of the Mass, the Cardinal was driven to St. Patrick's Schoolroom, and here invested thirty members of the Parramatta branch of the Holy Catholic Guild. In the course of an address to thd members, the Car- dinal said the present was the time when they expected members to show their loyalty and love for the Church. His Eminence also dwelt at length on the duties and responsibilities of members. After lunching with Monsignor Rigney, the Cardinal, assisted by Dr. O'Haran and Father Grace, confirmed Mr. Thomas Ga- gon at his residence, and left Parramatta about 5 o'clock. At the mass at St. Monica's, the Rev. Father Kavanagh, O.P., delivered the sermon, taking for his text, the 1st epistle of St. Paul to the Corinthians, 12th chapter, 12th verso:— 'For as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that body, being many, are one body ; so also is Christ.' Before going into tho subject, the reverend preacher took oc- casion to congratulate the community on the very handsome edifice they had raised. It wits a fit subject for congratulation, and the fact of their meeting that day to celebrate its opening was one which might well afford of congratu- lation and joy. They had raised another house to the living God, which would be a centre for the faithful to gather together in to worship and offer up supplications to their Maker — -another centre from which would go forth blessings to Almighty God. It must be a source of great joy to their reverend pastor to see the work at which he had so assiduously laboured, at length completed— to see provisions made to facilitate the carrying out of the duties of religion. Here the children would learn to love and serve God. The church to the people would be a token of God's love and mercy. God would dwell here with them, and the children would be taught to be good Catholics, and in conse- quence, good citizens. The faint-hearted would be made strong, and when the life of the good Catholic was ended, they would be brought here and prayers offered up on their behalf. The proceedings on that day should be a subject for rejoicing to all the Catholics of the colony. Every church raised was a token that religion is a power that still lives. He would not dwell on the circumstances connected with the dedication of the edifice. Suffice it to say that there would be associated with the church a name that had lived for centuries — Monica — this was to be tho church of St. Monica. Wherein was the significance of naming a church after any particular saint? What was the idea ? It was practiced outside as well as in tho Catholic Church. Nearly all churches wore dedicated to some saint, or at least to some mystery of faith, but only in the Catholic Church had this ceremony any true meaning. The object of dedicating a church to any particular saint was to secure the es- pecial protection of that saint, for those who entered the Church to pray. It would help to remind the faithful of tho life of that saint, and the lessons taught by that life. By the Holy Scriptures they were all taught to be- lieve in the Communion of Saints. Their relig- ion was the embodiment of that doctrine in a practical manner. The saints who are reigning with Christ offer their prayers for men to God. To obtain benefits they call upon those saints to intercede for them through Christ the Redeemer. This is the great stumbling block. They do not thoroughly realise the great fact put forth by St. Paul that we are all members of one body, with Christ the head. Whon they are made members of the church they never cease to be members. They may for a time go- astray — be cast away — but they were stamped with that membership — a thing of all time. The work of God was being carried on in the world, till the time when all members of tho church should meet as the church triumph- ant in Heaven. Some would have to be purified before that time, but by God's grace they were all at last to be one triumphant body in Heaven. They prayed for each other, and why was it unreasonable to believe that those who had lived with us on earth and gone before us to the Great Presence, should offer up their prayers and supplications for those on earth. This was the meaning of the Communion of Saints. We are journeying on, and we pray to others to pray for help for us, that we fail not on the way . They had been taught to render honor where honor is duo, so that when they came to be old, their bodies might become the temple of the Holy Ghost. The spirit of reverence was in born in the soul. When they honored a saint they praised God that he had shed the lustre of his mercy and greatness and goodness on one of themselves. It was natural to all good Christians to honor that which was good in a man. Even when a man had done anything meritorious, we paid to him our tribute of honor —we honored our King ; we honored the soldier for this deeds of valour ; we honored the poet and the sculptor ; and we honored those who brought the faith to us and kept it. They had given us something to encourage us and help us on the way. The Council of Trent told us that the continual prayer of the good man availith much. Wlien we want a special favour we ask good men to pray that we may receive that favour, and the worthier the man the more confidence have we that his prayers will be answered. How much more so ought we to believe that the prayer of the saint will be answered. We do not believe that the saint can redeem us : we know that Christ is the only Redeemer, and all the saints can do is to pray and intercede for us with Christ. Great as the power and the will is of good men to pray for us, it falls shorts of the power of those in heaven. In heaven the love of a mother is increased, the love of a father doubly strong, and the love of a brother and sister intensified. The angels manifest joy on the return of one to God, and that being so, will they not use their prayers on our behalf!' Centuries back, when the Martyrs died for the truth, a mass was held on the spot where they died as the fittest place, and prayers were offered that the departed should pray for those who stood around. When a Church was dedicated to a particular Saint, or some mystery of religion, that saint was there raised as a model and an example. Those who would banish that doctrine would banish one of the most beautiful features of the Catholic religion. The Saints need nought for themselves, but we need much. We should use our prayers, and ask the prayers of the saints for those who had gone before, but were not yet pure enough to enter into the presence of the All Pure. They had dedicated their church to the name of a great and holy woman who had lived for God — a true daughter of the Christian religion. Was it not a mar- vellous thing that her memory still ex- isted. How it exemplified the great truth that the just shall be held in everlasting rever- ence. The royal seal of sanctity had been stamped upon the Church. Lands might be separated, nations might differ, but the relig- ion of their church was always the same. St. Monica by her prayers and tears succeeded in winning to God the great St. Augustine. What a lesson it was for mothers. Let them remem- ber it. Those who had sons, talented, with every promise of success in this world, should remember that by their example and prayers they might win them to God, for talent was as nought without it was dedicated to God. In this life we should be making friends who would pray for us after we had gone, and our lives should be an example to those around us. This church would be handed to their children, who would pray for them in this sanctuary. They would call upon the saints to help us, and especially that saint whose name was Monica. At the conclusion of the sermon a collection was taken up, the result being the respectable sum of £50. The Cardinal congratulated the congregation on the result of their efforts. He prayed that it would prove a new fountain of blessing and a centre of spiritual education. He then pro- nounced the Benediction. The crozier His Eminence carried was that presented to him by the parishioners of St. Patrick's Church on the occasion of his first official visit to Parramatta in 1886. Mr. J. D. MoMahon, of Moore Park Road, Sydney, has presented St. Monica's with half a dozen brass candlesticks. 