MELBOUltNE, SATURDAY, 16th November, 1889. Tiere is an old story of an Oxford Don who exhorted an undergraduate audience from the pulpit to devote themselves to " the study of the dead languages, which " would lead to places of great trust and " emolument, not, only in this world, hat " even in the next." Dr. Gaisford's theory of life here and hereafter had substantial warrant. He had seen one clergyman aftor another commissioned to transfer the Holy Ghost for the merit of a fow emendations in a corrupt text, or a fow happy guesses as to the meaning of an ohsceno author. lie could remember the days when every leading jiidgo and great physician was more or less distinguished in classics, for the excellent reason that only classical scholars were admitted to pleipl at tho bar or prescribe pills, lie knew tho tradition of times when Burko was laughed at for false quantities, and when a happy quota tion from Horace was incomparably more likely to ho recognised and caught up than an allusion to Shakspearc. It was only natural to assume that lifo among the many mansions would continue to be governed by tho same harmonious laws, and that future archangels would in all likelihood bo designated out of the best writers of Greek iambics. Since that day a groat change has come upon the world. Mr. Gladstone is probably the best scholar in the English House of Commons, and he never satislied the complete requirements of Oxford. He would not bo understood by nine out of ten of his followers if ho quoted Homer. A man now may be a Cabinot Minister, a Judge, a Physician, an Attache or an Indian Civil Servant, although, as Mr. Way puts it, lie should " positively not know a " Greek Testament wlion ho saw it." Perhaps it may he said that as regards tho Greek Testament, which is always ostentatiously put forward when a knowledge of tho dead languages is advocated, tho instruction givon at the old Universities was never vory profound. St. John and St. Paul wrote in a dialect which ce)h>l c rc ho Tvh value and the care ful instructor of undergraduates generally warned thdnr not to read ,aJ book, which might have a disastrous influence on' their style. In this particular case , we' may claim more for the translation thair for the original. May it not be added that out of the indiscriminate many, who learn Greek aftor a fashion, and whose number Dr. Morrison thinks is increasing, not one in a thousand learns it so thoroughly as to understand more than ho would got from King James's version. For instance, every careful student knows that the word habitually translated "repentance" would, be more accurately translated "change of " purpose," a difference of rendering which substitutes a virile transforma tion of. will for sentimental agony. It may he said that little points of this kind are really imparted by the best teachers, but, oven so, they can only bo taught by rote, and the student ought t-o he fairly imbued with a knowledge of Greek metaphysics or Roman law to understand the true meaning of many words UBed by the evangelists. If wo go to profane litera ture, the caso is even stronger against the dead language. Mauy excellent transla tions of the Greek classics have been pro duced, but will even Mr. Way, who has contributed somo of tho besta maintain that any rendering into a modern tongue can give the rush and coloring of Homer, or the vivid wit of , Aristophanes, or the statuesque simplicity of Sophocles? The valuo of translations is rather to assist scholars, as the most perfect form of para phrase, than to reproduce the original to the unlearned multitude; and so far as it gives these anything, it gives them only a narrative and an idoa of what is aimed at in style. Let our readors imagine, if they havo nob seen, a French translation of Shakspeare or Tennyson or of tho more lucid parts of Browning, and compare tho inadequacies of the best work of this sort with what the mastery of a language is supposed to give. The simple fact is, that style is in its best sense incommuni cable, and that the highest stylos of all are the most evanescent. The best scholar con understand them, but cannot commu nicate what he knows, and to all but tho best scholars they 'are unattainable, with all the aid of grammar and dictionary. Even Plato's prose, though it has hud admirable translators in Vaughan and Jowett, has never been reproduced with the subtle delicacy of thought and aroma of playful wit that are the charms of the original. Therefore, when we talk of our boys or young men learning Greek, let it he well understood that it is a question of setting them to do what to the great mass of them will never bo more than the confused ponderiiig of a vory difficult grammar, and the learning by rote of a vocabulary. No doubt the medical student who has learnt to con strue four books of Homer will find it easier to understand half a dozen of the simplest terms of medical nomenclature ; but in general the Greek of the ' pharma copoeia and the Greek of a poet or orator are absolutely distinct. In short, for the young surgeon and for all but a fow of the very ablest students, tho hours of toil given to a language that it is impossible for most to master with any thoroughness in a few years will represent nothing but a lamentable waste of time and energy. The reasons that we suspect really animate most men in maintaining the dead languages in our curriculum are an appreciation of the study of language in itself, and the feeling that a noble litera ture gives something of deeper significance than the best possible scientific manual can impart. Now all this may freely ho admitted. The contention of those who would banish Greek as an obligatory study from our schools is not for a moment that Greek is unworthy of serious regard. Scarcely any of them doubt that it mil hold its place to all time among a select but ever increasing fow, as the gate that opens into an old and rich fairy land of fancy and thought. What is felt is that nothing is really worth knowing except what is known thoroughly, and that since the sixteenth century modern literatures have sprung into existence, and tho outlines of science require to be understood, and generally that where nine or ten years could be set aside in by -gone times for the study of Greek,... we cannot now dovote more than four or live,. Neither is it quite unreasonable to say that for men living in tho actual world tho thorough acquisition of a modern language is desirable; and that a capable boy might learn more of French or German, under native instructors, in two years than lie could learn of Greek in live. Nay more, if wo assume Frencli and German to he disre garded, our own literature deserves recog nition, and is at presont literally crowded out. What is the English course at a modern school except the study of analysis, aud the committal to memory of two or three text hooks for Matriculation, a play of Shakspeare, half a dozen essays by Bacon or Addison, or a poem by Goldsmith, tho whole, of course, with explanatory noteB ? How many students at the University know Swift or Dryden or Fopo as they were known by gentlemen of the old school, so that they could recognise at a glance a quotation from Swift's inimitable proso, and cap lines from Absalom and Ahitophel or the more popular of Pope's satires ? It is perhaps true that no single English satirist is quite equal to Aristophanes and Lucian — though many of us would assert Swift's claim — but the broad fact remains that our satirical literature is incomparably larger in volume and more various in allusion than that of Greece or Rome. It is certainly truo that in ono great department we are so incom parably superior that Shakspeare alone outweighs all tho great artificers of tragic poetry, and of the comedy of manners in Greek and Roman literature. Therefore, on grounds of literary culture alone, it would he well to saturate the rising generation with the masterpieces of English genius rather than to give them an imper fect knowledge of the best pos- sible foreign models. Bnt in educational matters we aro forced to consider something more than intellectual trnining. Wo above all who are founding Creator Britain at the Antipodes are' bound to sec that what ever of history or association or thought has been justly precious to Englishmen.iii the past shall bo carried with us into, oiir now lioine3. There are some who think, that the race is losing a little of its heart and fibre in the old soil, aud that it gains by being transplanted into new earth ; that the Americans, who redeemed their country from slavery at the cost of a great war were more like tlio niun whom Elizabeth and Cromwell animated than tho English Government which deserted Gordon ; and similarly, that the question of New Guinea would have been treated from Brisbane or Mel bourne, if those colonies had been allowed to sottlo it, in a mannor for which English men would have had no occasion to blush. Wo can afford in fact to part company with tho generation which is making a great country small, and to feel that wc lose littlo by it. What wc cannot aiford is to part company with tlio thoughts and examples of the men who made a small country groat. It may be an injustice to both Mr. Gillies and Sir Henry Parkos to describe their deliverances on tlio federation question as representing respectively tlio prose and poetry of the subject, but there cannot be a doubt that while our own Premier limits his attention niainly to the practical, the head of tho New South Wales Government gives the reins to his imagination, and allows it to fairly revel in the ideal. Ho 1ms conjured up a vision, in which Dominion Parliaments,. Governors-General, great Australian armies . and Commanders- in-chiof fill up the scene, and challenge the admiration of the world. Needless to say tho picture is a captivating one, but its brighter tints aro apt to fade when a level-headed observer questions how it is to bo brought about. That the pageant, will he witnessed on tho stage of coming history no one gainsays. But tiie doubts Mr. Gillies ventures to hazard suggest the counter questions — Havo we arrived at the opportune period for its accomplishment ? and, Is there not something more imme diately important and feasible pressing for solution? In tlio reply forwarded to Sir Honi-y's circular letter, Mr. Gillies makes reference to a private communication of his, written three months ago, which is now for the first time made public. In this document tlio facilities all'orded by the Federal Council Act for legalising united defensive operations, and enabling the forces of one colony to be made available for service in any other colony, uro forcibly presented, and Sir Henry Parkos is urged to take the lead in tho movement for utilising tliem. .In the friendliest spirit Mr. Gillies wrote on the 12th of August last : — " Surely it would ho " a worthy ambition for you to adopt " the best moans at your disposal, iu fact " at your hand, to unite Australia m a " Federation which would not only pro- " mote her material interests, and streng- " then her against aggression, but also " powerfully aid in uniting and cementing " together all parts of the great Empire of " which slio forms a part." Sir Henry is reminded that no ono at present but him self can do the work, as a barrier has been createdby theisolationofNew South Wales, and hois advised to " spend no unnecessary " time in trying hew means, but make use " of the agencies which exist, and which, " when being used, will create no alarm in " the minds of tho timid." Finally, he is warned, "What you may refuse to do "to-day, someone else will do to-morrow ; "and," Mr. Gillies adds, "I should be , " pleased to see you take the pride of "place." All this must bo recognised as sound common sense, set in words manifesting a truly fraternal spirit, unim paired by tlio slightest exhibition of jealousy or envy. It had no effect on the Now Soutli Wales Premier, who, oitlier on account of some undivulged political reasons, or because of his poetical tempera ment, has set liis heart on the instant organisation of a Dominion of Aus tralasia. Mr. Gillies's answer to Sir Henry's latest proposals may be summed up as containing a ready acquiescence to the proposition for an intercolonial conference, though not exactly of the ambitious kind suggested. A convention appointed by the various Parliaments would, he conceives, be objec tionable as appearing to pledge those Par liaments to the determination that tho timo is ripe to establish a comprehensive Federal government. In the place of sneli a convention, he suggests that tho representatives of the various colonies in the Federal Council should meet- representatives of New South Wales to discuss the merits of an enlarged federal scheme, and, if necessary, report upon it. A strong reason is given for tho adoption of this course, which should appeal to Sir Henry Parkes's sonse of justice, namely, that it would leave no room for suspicion that the members of the Federal Council were being discredited, and intentionally thrust aside. Wo have already in theso columns stigmatised the astounding assumption of the Promior of New South Wales, in proposing that tho five colonies that have coalesced in a measure of federa tion shall turn their hacks on tho work at the dictation of the sixth colony, whioh has persistently remained isolated. Mr. Gillies gives expression ' to no opinion of this description, whatever lie may think, but merely solicits Sir Henry to behave witli common civility to the existing Council. He then proceeds to show that whatever may ho the fate of the ambitious Dominion project, the urgent need of the present day is for a means of unitod defence, and that to accomplish this, providing all the colonies be willing, it is nob necessary that the Federal Council should possess or exercise executive authority. All that is re quired, after it has become represen tative of the group, would bo that the subject of "general defences " be reforred to it for legislation. It could then pas3 a General Discipline Act, providing for troops serving outside of their own colony, and detailing tlio circumstances and conditions of such service, and could also make pro vision for the appointment of a general commanding officer, and for the regulation of other matters needful to ensure the strongest defence of Australia in any emergency. Iu this way the colonies could promptly take concerted action, while the formation of a Dominion Parlia ment could .hardly bo effected, under the most favorable circumstances, before the lapse of years. It is true that the work of tho Federal Council would bo upheld by no combined executive authority, and would bo futilo unless supported by the goodwill of each colony ; but if this goodwill bo lacking, how remote must be the chance of uniting under a Dominion Government I In effect, Mr. Gillies's contention amounts to this— Lot U3 talk over any fascinating day dreams that may he conjured up, but at the same time let us not neglect the prac tical work that lies at our, hands. War may break oat and- an enomy put in an appearance before : we have elaborated' our Dominion Parliament. No sooner have the directors of the Broken Hill mines affected By the Strike con descended to parley with their discontented employes than the trouble ends. Misled at first by unwise counsel, they "declined to recognise the organisation that seemed to ho Betting itself up in opposition to their interests. They wero tohl hy a section of tlio Melbourne Press, which never fails to misrepresent tlio straggles of the working classes, that the strike was merely "an attempt to bolster a " weak union," that tlio matter "con- " cefiied ' tiie' minors alone'," and that " tlio directors could hardly lio ' expected " to add to tlieir other responsibilities tlio " task of composing sucli private disputes " and reconciling contending factions " among tlio minora themselves." What ever may have been the case" a quarter of a century ago, employers aro happily dis covering that there is nothing that affects their workpeople which does not instantly affect themselves, and that thoy can no longer afford to assume a position of lofty isolation, leaving tlio wage earners when they differ to fight it out uinon thouiselve3. Neutrality in such cases lias" in fact, since Labor learned how to organise, become impossible to Capital and as it is compelled to take sides, it is well for it to adopt measures to discover tlio right side to take. The directors wero asked to discourage tlio non- f unionists iu tlieir employ, and, after £ examining into tliov merits of tlio f controversy upon the spot, they havo I deemed it wise to do more than was asked I of them. Not only will they discounter I anco the section of outside workers, bub I they will authorise tlieir own paymasters I to collect fees due to tlio unions, under I penalty of dismissal for defaulters. I An agreement lias been entered into I between tlio Amalgamated Mine; ' Association and the directors, which I will place the Barrier district under I almost identical union jurisdiction with I the mining centres of this colony. It will I ho a colonial district operating under its j own oxecut-ive, and constituting another I important branch of the Amalgamated I Miners' Association. Tlio directors and I tlio association will thus work liar- I nioniously togotlier, and there need ho I no fear of another strike unless the men I have just cause to complain of grievances I which tlieir employers decline to redress. I In view of the more perfect labor I organisation which is nowadays being I effected, there is really no other I safe modus vivendi for tlio oppos- I ing classes.- Each side has to treat tlio other with duo respect, and neither can venture to remain recklessly ignorant of I what the other desires to aceomplish, I Broken Hill interests generally have been measurably improved by this speedy settle- inent of a conflict whicii appeared for a moment menacing, and tiie outcomo is likely to , have a beneficial influence in other outlying districts. 