NEW ZEALAND SPORT- By "Wapiti." Dcxedin, 23rd February, We nro just in tbe middle ot ine Lianedm. Jockey Club Aututrm meeting, and Ike sporting scribe Bur little time hanging on Itis hands, but tlie readers of The Spobtsmak nil expect lo hear something of the week's dotngj and in the half- hour which iuay be allowed io pass before I drive out to the course to witndlt realization of tbeir expectations. The meeting commenced on Wednesday (this is Saturday) in the preB-nce of one of ilia largest crowds that have ever been on the Turbury course. a great number of viators came down from Canterbury, fully satisfied that tbey would be able to do rather more than pay their expenses fay backing Mime of the irood things despatched from Ric arton. So far, they have been wofollr disappointed. Under separate cover I 6end vou detailed account? of Wednesday's and Thursday' racing. From these you will faa able to take such particulars ax you think «rdt interest your readers. . You win notice tbas Irish Kiug won botn tte jumping races, thus realising tbe prophecy I ventured iu ynnx ooluums a couple a years ago, that this plaia sou of Hibernian ana Stella would ultimately beat the very head of our hurdle racer. Ha is trained, and wonderfully, well trained, tatfe by H. Luun, tbc "geuiteman" jockey, so lonjg identified with the success of Clarence, tha steeplechaser, we eent you three or four yeani ago. Mr. H. Luna also shares with Mr. K Rutherford tbe ownership of the gelding. The Champagne ritakre was expected to produce a great race between on two erode two-year-olds, Cyuihca and Uunkeld, both by Agremont — the for mer from Nautilus (Traducer-WaterwitcfaL aud tbe latter from tbe Blair Athol xnara r Atholo, The filly slipped away directly tits - flag fell, and never gave Dunkeld, who beat tbe rest of the field very easily, the ghost of ' ehow. Tbe next day Dunkeld won the Cicy Handicap for two-year-oba, giving weight to all his opponents, and Crmsca uterally can tered home in the Railway Plate, over half - j mile. at weight-for-age, beating some off Wtat mrintM. with-A« Dtaiart tuf I MKim Oj3k» to be MmunuteMttlly I biv. Mram uNnr Ztilua, 1%e Haoedin Cap wm pnided is a tw aoodthra lor Data who had Incurred 71b eudty for beating Saltan by twenty fangtha IwtheiYriliitttonCap only a fortnight before A shade odds were laid on tbe mare before .the flag fell, and Martoo, who was far from vtU, end Vandal were next in demand. The vbpt ot Saltan, the hone badly beaten to the Wellington Cap, on little better fence, was - wesy confident, mad he did not hesitate to girt Me friends the benefit of hie opinion. The 1 emit showed be was right, the Agreojnnt : terse winning comfortably, olid Dodu finish- Inc absolutely last. The next day Dodo won the D.J.C. Handi cap and tbe reversal of form h&a; not been al tered to escape eome unpleasant continent. At jsracnt rt ism complete mystery to me. At tMs rime I cou only say I am quite ante Dudu's display in tbe Cop was altogether wrong, wbifa 2 am almost as sure £. Cutts, tier trainer and owner, was in no way benefited by tlie defeat Dor drag is at the door of tbe Grand, end there are loud calls far your humble wrvsut. 