HUMOUR. Writer's cramp is generally a cramp for funds. A baby always helps to muke homo happy — particularly when the baby is asleep. Night Drug Clerk ('J a.m., with glaring eyes)— Well? Customor— No ; sick ! St. Louis boasts of a dwarf barber less than four loot Jugli. Ho must lie a little shaver. A Koi-lie.i(-.-i- cat gels drunk ou liccr, which proves beyond a doubt that beer will iutoxu i:at. ' Siid about ('.'holly, wasn't it i (Lit hi.-, cnnehcid in his mouth, you know, aud couldn't get it out.' 'How much was it worth ':' A good iiliu-l.-'Do d« child talk, Missus Parkas ':' ' Wa-nl, only pa'tly : he nii-k do sounds, but kain't fo'in ilo wilds yit.' Eldurlvlicnt — I am eighty years old, young mini, ima I don't ivcllwaW-r tolling u Ho. The- Young M 'in— Well, you i-nn't. 'export yniiv niPiiiwy to bpnltnirWlif-l- ivlial.l- at lli.'.t lii-sruvi' (to man ho had jusr. cut clown} — The buys lynclu-d vrr and 'l.-fl yi-r foi- dead, did they r Well, how do yer IV,1 now:- Half hiitigeii Jfau— (iuitc unstrung. A Kansas City Marshal has p:wd tho fol lowing pi'iiiiliiMititixii : ' All puivons u-i own dogs urn heivby certi Ii :d that Mjd dujrs is in - dobtod to this'sity i'i the sum of one rj, and if thoy don't, pay will bo por.-wruled to the fullest ex leu tot tho constitootiou, this mean) biznos?. Sity Marshal,' Teaohe!.- — Johnny, what, nro the duties of a foreign minister ? Johnny — To prouch lo the heathen, and to keep out of tho soup. Jim— Miss Debowneer looks woll in a rid ing habit. Gus — Yes, but sho would look better, if sho would only get into a habit of riding well. Colonel Thomas Gharst of Indiana drank a pint of whisky containing nn ounco of quin ine, the other day. lie is now Colonel Thoniis Ghost. HOI), THK 0001) ]IOY. ' I'll never me tobacco, no ; It is n filthy weed. I'll never put it in my mouth,' Said little Robert Heed. ' I'll nover uso tobacc3, no ; It's uso nil woe begets. I'll scom tiio weed iu overy form, I'll just sinoko cigarettes.' An independent old lady, speaking of Adam's naming all tho animals, said she did not think ho deserved any credit for naming the pig. Any one would know what to call him. Italian Decoration. — ' I don't caro very much for tho friezo, but I'd liko a dago. What havo you in the way of dugos r' Aud the wall-papr man went into the back room and had a fit. Pat— If I put my money into tho savings hank, when can I draw it out again ? Jim — Oh, if you put it in to-day you can get it out to-morrow by giving a fortnight's no tieo. Arizona boasts of a womau who ' can drive a nail with a bullet at forty yards.' AVhen Arizona can produce a woman able to drive a nail with a hammer at a distance of one foot, without wounding 1 er fingers, it will havo a curiosity worth boasting about. Managing Girls. — I-'irst Danio — So all your daughters mnrrind rich? How did you manage it? Second Damo — From the mo ment they wero big enough to understand anything I kept dinging into their cars all sorts of waruinga against tho folly and wickedness of marrying for mouey. Mrs. Testy (looking up from the paper)- - Isn't this strango P A Californiaii, after a fit of illness, was absolutely unable to re member his wife, and did not believe sho was the ono ho married. ? Mr. Testy — Well, I dunuo. It's pretty hard work sometimes for a man to roalizo that his wife is the same woman ho onco went crazy over. Miss Kate Field — I have called to see tho religious editor. As tho great American champion of Californian wines, ns a solution of tho Temperanco problem, I sent him n caso of tho wines, with a request for a strong ar ticle on tho subject in tho religious depart ment, but the article has not appeared. Ollico Boy — No, mum; bo's drunk yet.' 1 How did you fiud society out in Chicago ?' ' Oh, there's a good deal of it theie. But thoy have strango ways.' ' How so ':' ' Well, if a man goes to an evening party and keeps his coat on tho ontiro evening, the company concludes right nway that his shirt is in tho wash.' ' You aro Mr. Quezeon, tho husband of tho celebrated lecturess on cookery, aro )-ou not ?' ' You, sir,' replied tho dejected hollow-eyed man, 'I'm the innn sho tries her now dishes ou. Mistress — Mary, have you mado tho dress ing for tho turkey? Mary — Sure, ma'am, an' I've mado his pants, but I'm having hard work wid his coat, for it's no samestress I am at all, at all. 'Young mou beliovo in nothing,nowadiiys,' says Mrs. lluusbothom, with a deep sigh. ' Why, thero's my nephew, Tom, who was brought up as a Christian, and now ho's an acrostic. Cynical Dentist— AVell, how do tho teeth work ? Patient — Not very well. Tlioy seem to cut tho others. Cynical Deutist — That is perfectly natural. Thoy belong to an entirely di n'crout set, you know. Not a Match — ' I — aw — walmt a tio, doncherkuow, to match my oyes.' ' Lot mo seo ! I51uo eyes and — er — sorry, sir, but our bluo ties with red edges aro all sold. Havo somo in next week.' McCrncklo — I supposo that orchids aro tho most costly of plants. I seo that somotimw) a.s much as a thousand dollars is paid for one. Ciim.so — Oh, no; they aro not tho costliest. I havo known mining plants to fetch a dozen times that sum . Answered at Last — Wo havo received tho following iu a perfumed, square envelope If tho Author will acknowledge it wo' 11 sym pathize with her : Sally — Why is marriago a failure, CSeorgo? Goorgo — bocauso tho bride never marries the best man. Dr. Swell — You must taks a trip abroad and remain away a year. Patient — Thunderatiou man ! I can't do that. It willcost too much. Doctor — Very well, you can stay at home and I'll visit you overy day and try to pull you through. Patient (reflectivoly) — Don't men tion it, Doctor. I hadn't thought of that. I guess I'll go abroad. Secrets of Greatness — Ambitious Youth — Father, I am unwilling to go through lifo a nobody. I wish to leuvo a name. I long tn breathe the sweet atmosphere of fame. I am resolved to become groat. AVill you ad vise mo ? Wise Fathor — AVith pleasure. The foundation of greatness is n good education. A. Y. — I am laying it. AV. F. — Next, you need industry and good habits. A. Y. — Yes. AYhatelso? AV. F. — Always bo po lite to newspaper men. 