BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) rr.ooKEasiGN, our. KionTS, axd ouk iiesouhces. SANDHURST, WFDNESDAY, DEC. 25, 1839 CHRISTMAS. Nearly nineteen centuries have passed aivay oinoo the wise men of the east were lad by the Star to the humble abode of the infant Saviour, and to-day his birth will bn cele brated by hundreds of millions of God's cireatureB among tho Christian nationa of the earth. Properly speaking, tho joyous evont did not ocour at this Beaaon of the year. The ond of Decerabor ia almost tho middlo of wintor in Palestine, and the shepherds spokon of by St. Luko could' not at such a season have been "abiding in the fifld keep ing watch over their flock by night." It waa only in tho summer seeson that they wore able to do this, and therefore it is pro bable that thero is an error in associating the birth of Christ with tho close of tho i year. However, the present period oi tho year has from time immemorial been cele brated in memory of Christ's coming, and abundant evidence of tho remarkable extent and strengh of tho influence of Jobub Christ upon tho minds and hearts of the world's , inhabitants will be found in tho observanca of .lib present, holiday season in every clime and on nearly all lands and seas. The sacred character of the day does not inter fere with the merrymaking which is usually associated with it. Christ's advent brought joy and gladness to the earth, and the ChristmasseaBon isunivereally regardedasone of peace and good-will among men. The laborer rests from h:s work, the clerk deserts his high stool and leaves his calcula tions with his books in his oflice, the father spends his day with his family, and the sons and daughters whoso avocations take them away from the scenes of their childhood, return to spend thoir Christmas under the parental roof. Many a household will be glad to day by reason of a,family reunion, and many u mother will weep tears of joy on the re turn homo for the season, of a son or daughter from whom sho has long been separated. Lot uo hope the Scrooges will be in an in significant minority to-day, and that those who were Scrooges yesterday were visited by a Marley's ghost last night in order that their hearts might bo softened as was the heart of the original Scroogo of Dickon's beautiful old Christmas story. We fear there are many Bob Crachits in the world in need of words of kindness, and the generosity of employers to bring sunshine to their homes. What a day this will be to the children 1 With what beating hearts will they exa; mino the stockings hung at the bedpost overnight, in order to see how kind Santa Claus has been while they wore asleep? But in our merrymaking we must not forget tke poor amongst us. It is pleasing to know that many of our citizens are mindful o? the wants of the inmates of the charitable institutions, and that efforts have been made to raise the present season out of the ordinary groove, so far as they are concerned. The inmates of tho hospital and asylum did not abandon their right to participate in the pleasures of Christmastide when they entered those institutions, and the hearts of many of the patients will be gladdened to-day by the knowledge that their moro fortunate fellow-creatures have had a thought beyond themselves. The kind action of our mayor must not be forgotten. It was a happy idea which led to the determination to give a Christmas dinner to sereral hundreds of the citizens. Kind actions such as these are fruitful in many ways, and not the least is the example of care for the happiness of others which is Bet forth. We hope it will be so on the present occasion, and that all who are able will vie with each other in bringing happiness to other family circles besides their own. With everybody animated by such a desire the present season could not fail to be what we now take the opportunity to wish our readers, one and all, A Happy Christmas. This Bendio.o Advertiser will not be pub lished to-morrow. The office will be closed from 11 o'clock this morning till 6 o'clock on Thursday evening, when business will be re sumed as usual. The Rev. F. Lf.ypoldt.—In an article iu roferenee to Br. Nish's retirement from St. Andrew's Church, we mentioned ihe names of several clergymen whoso connection with the district hud extended over long periods. We inadvertently omitted that of the Rev. F. Leypolur, of the Lutheran Church, who has •been connected with Sandhurst for exactly 20 years. Funeral.—The funeral of the late Mrs. Pen fold, wife of Dr. tenfold, J.P., took place yes terday, the place of .interment being the family vault of her father, Mr. Alex. Bayne, J.P., in the Sandhurst Cemetery. Notwithstanding that it was the wiBh of the relatives of the deceased lady that the funeral should be con ducted as quietly as possible, there were a num ber of representative gentlemen present, in cluding the lion. R. Burrowes, M.P., the Revs. Dr. Nish, F. Leypoldt.J. Hunter 1'otter, andl)r. Hinchcliff, Dr. H. Boyd, and other gentlemen, The Lier. J. Garlick, assisted by the Ven. Archdeacon MucCulIagh officiated at the grave, and the firstnamed gentlemau also delivered an appropriate address. The mortuary arrange ments were carried out under the personal supervision of Mr. W. H. Oakley, undertaker, of Bridge-street, Postal.—To-tlay will be observed aa a com plete holiday in the postoflice (states the "Argus.") Postal, money order, and savings' bank business will be entirely suspended. No mails will be despatched, nor letters, etc., de livered, and in telegraph offices Sunday arrange ments will be observed. On Thursday all post offices will be closed to the public at 10 a.m. and only the first delivery by letter-carrier will be effected, but all country mails will be received and despatched as usual. jNo money order or ;\>.yings bank business will be transacted. Tele gia(;l; o,dices appointed to be open on holidays will be oji£ii #.s usual. Other officcs will be open from 8.1)0 till If) 11.m., and from G till 7 p.m. Tiib Strike or Operativk Maso.vs,—The strik of operative masons at Messrs. V. Finn and Co.'a monumental works is still unsettled. Mr. pjnn returned to Sandhurst froni Phillip Island by tl;e evening train yesterday after seeing a load of giuijjfe shipped to Melbourne. Cr. Carolin's Nominamon for the Board ok Health.—At a meeting of the Raywood Borough Council, on Saturday, Cr, Carolin, Jfl&yor; of Sandhurst, was unanimously noinin at£<? for the representation of the Eastern Boroughs' firoup on the new Board of Public: Health. An Unwelcome Xuas Jjox.—Mr. Thomas Ashe Farrell, a storekeeper awl dgal.qr in dairy produce at Coburg, instituted legal prooc-cdinszs against a number of farmers residing at Too borac, near Heathcote, to recover various £ij)Ounts alleged to be due by thein to him in conflA?,tj.on with the dealings between them. Mr. •Mauobo.y, of Sandhurse, solicitor, was re tained for the dofoiulants, the plaintiff being represented by Mr. Goldsmith, of Melbourne. The cases came before the Police Court, Lance field, y9Stct'day, when Mr. Maeoboy succeeded in having tho whole of them struck out with cost;, "Considering that the number of cases doalfc with was very large—namely, 52—and that oosts ayfli'iiging £2 2s. were allowed in each I case, Mr. Farr,eU ja flikely to appreciate the Christmas box. CBRfSWAS Gift.—Messrs. Raioigh Bros., of Tundara station, hav.e forwarded t,<? J5r. Jaiij.es Boyd, the hou. treasurer of the Bendigo Bene volent Asylum a cheque for £2 2s. towards the funds for good cheer at Christmas fyr the in - matos. Christims Cheek. — Yesterday afternoon, Mr. H. B. Chappie interested himself in getting up a collection amongst the brokers and others undar the Beehive Exchange, on behalf of the Asylum /nmates and the convalescent patients in tho hospital. His efforts resulted in £'2 l-is being obtained., an4 {yith this sum six pounds of tobacco were forvvarde.cji through Mr. H. Bur ridee to the hospital aoij a similar quantity to the'asylum. Mr. Burridgc gcner.ojuily s,u»nljed the tobacco at less than the actual cost price. Sadxkss at Christmas.—Of tlio sad aspects of Xmas (says our' Melbourne correspondent) there conies to us a story of a woman named Margarrtt Field, -12 years of age, who has heen supporting ffcj\self by sewing, but was unable thereby to obtain means of subsistence. Turned out of her lodging, siia 'W?nt to iind another, was taken ill in the street, uu4 taken tu the hospital, where she now lies suffering from phthisis and general debility, the result maini^ of insufficient nourishment. Another ease is that of Lewis J. Dunstone, whose body was recoiVJf'ad from the Yarr(a on Saturday. Letters left by fciie/deceased indicated that he was pas sionately attac!;e.<J to his wife and child, and being unable to majjjiain them committed suicide while in a state of dcapwj.Ooncy thereby occasioned. An inquest was belli to-rj'iy, re sulting in a verdict of suicide whilst in a stetP of unsound mind. JTorkstkrs' Picnic.—A final meeting took place. Usf evening, at which all delogates ^vcro present. It >vas carried unanimously that pur chasers of railway tickets on Boxing Day should have a chance in the ijjonster art union. There was a great crush for tickets at the office, Pall Mall, and a Urge puinbersoid. arrange ments were inado and a committee apprint^ to visit Hareourt on Boxing Day morning to sec that everything was prepared for the comfort of the visitors. Tjie Rev. W. R. Fletcher, the pastor of the Stow Memorial Church, Adelaide (wires the correspondent of the " A reus ") leaves for England by tiie J?..M.S. Victoria three weeks hence. He will be abwftt from the colony for 12 montliii or more, and on his return will de vote his time for the most pare to li.'j /y.uties as principal of the new Congregational .College, Adelaide. His leave of absence is tantamount to a resignation of tl\e pastorate. Mr. Fletcher h$LS been minister of .the Stow Church for 14 years, aji<i p?.stor for 33 years, having como to this colony frpm VWtpriu. Greetings xo the Ca^rp have been re ceived from the " Ballarnt Star" an/i 'mil) flip " Herald" companionships, and otluirs duly acknowledged, and reciprocated. Uoudejiy,—Sergeant Douglas (wires our correspondent) was informed last night by a j passenger named James Hurst, by the afternoon j train that lie had missed £21 10a and a i railway ticket after he left Snencer-street for Sandhurst. He believes he was robbed of the money and ticket during the cruuh at the Spencer-3treet station. The matter has been re port ed to the detectives in Melbourne'. Decorations at the Railway Station.— The local stationinaster and porters not to be ' iiiitilone have with the assistance of two outside friends decorated the railway station in a man ner rejecting the greatest credit on them. Mklboukne Usivhksity.—Among the suc cessful candidates at the recent examinations at the Melbourne University, was Mr. Thomas H. Boyd, son of Dr. James Boyd, who passed his fourth year in medicine. Death Timoooii Assault from Criminals. —Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday on the body of"Gunney" Hughes (writes our Mel bourne correspondent), who died in the hospital on Monday. The evidence showed that he was admitted to the hospital three months ago, suffering from injuries received from a number of the criminal flass, who looked upon him as au informer. Two of these men aro now in gaol for the assault. '/be inquest was ad journed for u fortnight. J.he Havekfikm) Memorial Fc.vd. —This fund, which was initiated by the friends of the late Mr. R. R. Haverfield, has been closed, and the committee have submitted a very favorable statement in regard to it. Altogether a sum of L190 was raised, by means of which not only has Mrs. Haverfield's residence been rendered free from debt, and the medical and funeral expenses and cost of a monument been defrayed, but a balance of L50 has been handed to Mrs. Haverfield as a Christinas box. That la'.ly desires to convey to the subscribers to the fund, and those who interested themselves in the movement, her most grateful acknowledgment of their kindness. OtNiEXNiAi, Skating Rink.Fokeststrekt. — Tins place of amusemeut was well patronised hut uiclit. The rink will be open this after noon and evening, and the band will be in at tendance each session. The proprietors desire to announce that the rink is now open three sessions daily, viz., morning, afternoon'and evening. tltk miners AND ENGINE-DRIVERS sl'ORTS. —-The total profits on the recent sports and art union celebration of the anniversary of the Miners'and Engine-drivers' associations amount to £241, not i-10'1, as erroneously stated in yes terday's issue. miners' Association prospecting Commit tee.—This committee met at the association offices, Keehive Exchange, last evening, the president (Mr. Uus. Cocking) in the chair, when the application of Stanlake and party for as sistance was considered. A sub-committee, which had been appointed on the previous even ing, reported that they had visited the ground, which is on the Tyson's reef, and it was ulti mately decided that the sum of £30 should be recommended. The meeting then closed. Shocking Accident to a Locomotive Driver. —An engine-driver, named John Fisher, (wires the Sydney correspondent of the ' Ace") cot Ms leg jammed in one of the wheels of his engine whilst it •vaa travelling at the rate of 20 miles an hour on the line between Breeza and Gunnedah. Fisher's leg was smashed to pieces, and he is not expected to recover from the injuries. Fatal Accident to a Miner at Broken Hill.—A miner named Harry Taylor, working at the Silver King mine, a few miles from here, was descending the shaft by a ladder-way on Monday morning (wires the "Age" Broken Hill correspondent), when he fell to the bottom, a distance of 120 feet. Death was instantane ous. It is stateil that Taylor, had just pre viously complained of the unsafe ladder. The circumstances were reported to the Amalga mated Miners' Association, and an investigation is beine made. City Po',ick Conr.T.—The Mayor and Mr. Gibson, Js.P., presided yesterday, and fined two inebriates 5a., or 24 hours' imprisonment. A third offender was discharged. The little girl named Louisa Bell was brought up on remand as a neglected child. Sergeant Fahey stated thit the police had been unable to find the heartless mother, who was supposed to be living in View lane. He asked the Bench to adjourn the ease until four o'clock in the afternoon, by which hour it was expected that they would ascertain the whereabouts of the mother. At four o'clock, however, the mayor attended, and Sergeant Fahey reported that the efforts of the police had been unsuccessful, ana the girl was remanded until Friday. Several debt cases were dealt with before the court adjourned. M.U.I.O.O.F., Oddfellows' Picnic, New Ybak's Day.—A meeting of the executive com mittee was held on Saturday evening. Com munication was received from the Railway de partment, stating that they could not accede to the requost that a later special than 11.35 a.m. should start from Sandhurst, but that they would stop at California Gully to take up and put down passengers. A large amount of routine business was disposed of, and the meet ing closed. Myeiss' Flat Recreation Clujj.—It was not without regret on the part of the committee of the Myers'Plat Recreation Club (writes our correspondent) that they were reluctantly compelled this season to forego their popular annual sports demonstration. The majority of the members, and hard workers of the club, belong to that industrious class, "tillers of the soil," and owing to the extreme scarcity of hands, which were almost unobtainable in the district for this year's harvest requirements, •they found they had little or no time at command to devote to the many necessary arrangements to provide and carry out a first class programme for the delectation and satis faction of the public, who have hitherto so numerously patronised and applauded our annual gatherings. Under those circumstances it was considered advisable to allow their intended New Year's Day gathering to lapse, with the intention that on the corresponding day of the following year to present s.uch a programme as must undoubtedly eclipse all their former efforts. Bkndigo Hospital.—The weekly meeting of the visiting committee was held yesterday afternoon at the hospital. Present—The presi dent (Mr. K. Vim Damme) and Mr. H. M. Marks. Only one application was made for out patient relief, which was granted. The wards were then inspected and found in excel lent order and cleanliness. Besdioo Besevolest Asyldm and Lyino ix-Hospitai..— The president (Mr. E. W. l^irhy) attended at the institution yesterday afternoon and granted aid to <jl apnlicriqts !>y orders on stores, and to 10 in kind from the in stitution. Admitted one man and ono woman. Discontinued aid in one case and refused ad mission in one case. Granted a pair of boots and a serge shirt to needy persona. 318 distributions were made out-door during the week to families consisting of 372 adults and 169 children, and there are in tlio institution 1G9 males, 29_ fe males, 3 lying-in patients; total, 201. Mrs S. Brutin, of View-street, lias a splendid assortment of the season's fruits, notably bananas, cherries, apricots and peaches. Willi's of tlio best quality are also in stock, and choice confectionery of all descriptions. Messrs. Kea and M'Callum, gunsmiths of ^I'Crae-atreet, announce in our advertising puluniu? thin morning that they have received four 'casts of guin diri-pt. 