WHY CLARKE RUSSELL ABAN DONED THE SEA. (new york world.) In ono very small particular indeed I may claim to resemble tho poet Wordsworth : lam liot one who much or oft delights To season my friends ivith personul talk — but having beou asked to contribute " some- thing of a slim, autobiographical character," it lias occurred to me to convert tlio proposal into ail opjiortunity, that I may bo enabled to answor a question which has been very ofton put to mo since tho first of my ocean stories, " Tho Wreck of tlio Grosvenor," found a public in America. Why did I give up tho sea ? " How did it happen, Mr. Clark Russell, that you should havo abandoned a vocation which you are nover weary of writing about ? There is not a pa«o in your novels but expresses you as all ardent admirer nf tho deep in every phase of its variable mind. You create some fuity fabric of ship or yacht, ond 'love it to vitality.' AVhatmado you giveup tlio sea, then —you who uro assuredly abreast of most nau tical mon iu appreciation of the many as in re luctance to admit tho sombre characteristic of a calling that has hoisted your tight littlo island to tlio world's masthead ?" This is the gist of a fair proportion of the lottors I liavo received from a great number of correspondents iu all parts of America since I made iny first nautical scrape. Tlio recurrence of tho question has positively grown teasing. I grasp, therefore, with avidity the chanco now offered mo to extinguish for ever, I liopc, an almost stereotyped iuterrogiitory : Wliy did I give up the sea ? I might answer this in a single sentence : Bccauso 1 wus sick of it. What fruit do the idealisms of tlio schoolboy hear when tlio littlo creature swaggers with a badge upon his 'cap and a holt around his waist and brass buttons upon his jacket ? I have plucked and eaten of thut growth, aiid I protest there is nothing in tho romanco and poetry of tho ocean to render endurable to what I must term . tho memory of ray palate tlio sickening flavour of tho pork, the odious stcum of tho pea-soup, the insufforablo smell of warm soup and boulliupon which I ivus regaled for ovor eight years of ray young life. Tint to nrnpfvwl firfmtirjillf. Tfe wns iti tlm last ship I ever served aboard of as a sailor. Her liamo was tlio Duncan Dunbar. She was a well-known Australian trade and passenger craft named after her owner, a huge, fat, self- made purplc-faco Scotchman with a turtle-soup accent, it you know what that means, and somo two millions sterling to his earnings. She was commanded by a typo of skipper now vory nearly oxtiuct, a figure formed of oval sliauks and up iuid down arms, and carrot-shaped fiugors curled liko fish-hooks. I11 tho centre, of his crimson faco sliono a fiory pimple of a nose, on either sido of wliieh was a. small rheumatic, deep-sank cyo.7 His one headgear, in storm or shine, blow high, blow low, was a tall silk liat, a tolerably good ono for Sunday uud a shockingly bad ono — rusty us though still reflecting the angry blush of a stormy sunset— for week days aud nights. I was this littlo old man's third mate — no very distinctive position to till, though it ivus not without its minute and vexatious duties and responsibilities. Ho (lid not love me — lib once caught mo mimicking him ; I was imitating liis walk und bearing, and looking up at tlio break of tho poop, I mat his oyo. There was iiotmucli- of it, indeed, to meet, but what littlo there was sliouo with rcsoutmout liko the glowing end of a cigurotte. a now with the captain.' IIo durs| not ehullcngo my meaning, for I ivus acting before a number of passengers, uud an explanation must liavo proved more em barrassing to liim thuu to mo; hut ho was aftarwiirds nlirays on the look-out to punisli by humiliating 1110. As an oxumplc, an order was given to roof topsails. I sprang into the rigging for the weather maintopsail caring, but before I was up to the futtbek shrouds tno old mun won again roaring : " Come down, Mr. Russoll, como down, sir ! You're too young, sir ! You hain't got hoof enough in yo for such work! Lay down, Bir, before you're overboard ! " Thoro ivero many lady passen gers on deck nt tho time, and 1 continued my climb, heedless of his yells, hot as fire with wrath and sliamo from my toes to the topmost curl on my head. "VVoll, now, tlio Dunbar Dunbar, homeward bound from Sydney, was approaching tho longi tude of tho Horn, wo were very fnr north ; the old man had got some lialf-muddlcd notion of tlio Great Circle sailing under liis chimney-pot .liat, and wo wore ns high as lifty-nino or sixty degrees, running ono ul'teriioon boforo a galo of wind from tlio westward, a sea as tall as our mizzontop following us till, if you stood aft and .watched- tho slope of thoBhip's long flying body when tlio liugo foaming knoll took hor fair undor hor ' roaring counter, 'twas liko looking down a stoop hill, ivith tho curve of tlio how Hat us u spoon iu the livid hollow and the well- steered bowsprit and jilibooms a horizontal lino. Our canvus was a narrow hand of close-roefod nuliutopsail uud a forotopmust staysail. Though about 2 o'clock in tho afternoon watch, tho month boing May, it was more a sort of visiblo flying dust than daylight all about us, often lionry with such snow squalls as you must enter thoso parallels to moot with tho liko of; so that again and again, to an observer standing aft, the Bliip seemed cut in two, aU forward of tho muiumast hidden in tho boiling smothor of flukes aud tlio two follows grinding at tho whcol dim us drouras, us you looked at them from tho break of tho poop. ' It wns at this break of tho poop thut I was standing ivitli tho chiof mato; tho skippor'ivas oft holding on by tho vang tliat Bteadiod tho mizzongatf; tlio hands ivcro under covor. There were two monforivurdontUolookoutforico, l>ut thoy only showed at intervals ivhon tho . snow thinned and lot the topgallunt forecastle gleam out orystal'ivliito. Tho. roaring of the wind was liko thunder about our mustheads, but tho spoed of tho sliip, that was probably t.wolvo knots 1111 hour, took a portion ot tho weight out of it, mid it was possible to couvoiso. Tlio niuto was u Scotchuuin, tho most agreeable person I was ovor associated with at sea ; a sailor of intelli gence and of, groat "oxperienco, who. was good onougli to haul liis wind for 1110 iu proportion as my how-logged frioud aft made sail t'other way. .; -7".; an ioedero dead ahead. ... This gontlomauaud I wore chatting vory umi- ahly togotlior as ivo overhung the brass fail, .when suddenly ho 'stiffonod himself up liko a marlin-spiko aud foil a sniffing violontly as though to tho sudden rising of soino evil odour. " I smoll ico !" said lio. I sniffed again, but could tasto nothing but- snow. " Thorn's ico in tho noignbourhood!" cried ho, still sniffing, und was . about to hail tho forecustlo, when thoro arose a loud and fearful ory from that quarter of tho ship, "loo right ahead, sir!" "loo right ahead!" shrieked tlio mato, ivhcoliug round to tho captain. "I seq it, sir, I sco it!!' howled tlio skipper, "hard up, hard up!" Tlio spokes ilushod in tho hands ot tlio two scamoit liko tho driving whcol of a locomotivo, anil tho whole Bliip, rising to tho lioiglitof a hugo Pucifio surgo, paid off ivith tho niubloncss of something sontiout in torror of its lifo; whilst at tlio instunt right ovor tho' star board cathead thoro leapt out of tho whirling, , whttdiiod gloom an Alpino height '.of ico, a, prodigious berg with its summits obscured,' leaving it to soom thousands of foot high to tlio imagination.' Tho bou broko in hills of foam against its weather sido ; tho re verberation of tlio gale Iu clmsni, ravino, and gorge came to the ear with tlio uproar of a hundred broadsidos through tho pouring winds tliat produced tlio amazing sounds ; it showed green, glittering, ghastly, then vanisliod abeam amid tlio rattling of tlio main topsail und tlio shock of tlio blows of bumps of flouting ice rushing along our bonds. "Ar light ahead, sir J'1 ivasagainyolled from tho forceastlo; nnd right ovor our jib-boom loomed out such another island as wo had narrowly missod. Fortunately tlio enow just then ccuscd, tho horizon cleared to tho distance of a milo, and ivo wore presontly hovo -to, making noble weather of it ; hut wlion I wont bolow ut eight hells I found myself unusually rolluctivo, all sorts of prejudices uud thoughts which had been hanging looso about mo burdening into u resolution wiiich hold mo so moody that I forgot to swear whon at supper, 11 gluttoiious midship, man told mo that all tho pork ivas cuton, and ivhon I discovered, in consoquciico of tho galley fire boing washed out, there was nothing better to niako a lucal of than soft houoycombod Bliip's bread uud a pannikin of cold water. meditating on his sailou life. ' I meditated a good doal that night iu my bunk aud 011 deck. It was a part of tho world to render funoy acute ; horrible enough below in 3 hole pluiiiorqus'tb distraction with tlio giant groaning' gf 'tho labouring ship, infinitely inoauclioly witli tlio dusky flitting that hovcrcu Hpqn flio utmospliurp 'from tliq qiijokipg and naijscous-smelliiig tlmiio of a himpwiuk fed hy slush, and inexpressi)ily uiiooin'fortablp with thu drainijig's qf water through tho sputtlps into tljp liupks iuid tho wash of black brino to liud fro, to and fro, upqn the cabin floor ; but hideously piiqorablo oil deok wliieh you ivcpt to' fresh ironi such warmth as you would get'out pf your blaukets. and iviioro you found' tlio blackness full of thunder and frost and sleet qnil snow, with tlio waist am) gangway every ii'oiy und ugaiu echoing, lilfo a volcanic explosion, tq ffip smiting of a green pen pf Niagara-liko propor- tjop, plumping liuwpishly out pf our meficctudl to lopffw; on to tho with wweijjht of ii great building coming down all at once nnd with a run. "Why am I hero? thought I. What is this sort of lifo going to do for mo ? Had wo struck tho iceberg this nftcrnoon wo should havo been telescoped into about an eighth part of oar length, as you closo tlio tubes of a spy-glass, and gono down liko a dccp-soa lead with no'er a fragment of anything to survivo us as a hint of our end, so that what had become of us would, ut home, liavo remained to eternity a matter of idle conjecture. Why am I lioro ? thought I. How much am I cjmiing ? Heaven bless mo! two pounds a month only! How much has this training cost my father 7 Above two hundred guineas m premiums, not to speak of outfits, mess money, and tho like, which I durst not attempt to assesi. For what Hug do I toil? Thus I meditated to tho accompaniment of that Capo Horn gale. Well, tlio weather moderated next day at dawn ; tlio ship was got before it, tho reefed foresail sot, a couple of reefs shaken out of tho main topsail, and away drove tho noblo old fabric, surging through tho swollen knolls of yenstwith tlio lioadlong hurry of a creature mad in lier yearnings for tho sun. Tho decks were to ho wusliod down. Tho poop waB my particular care ; for as third mato it was my business to reccivo tho wator handed in buckets from a little pump boforo or abaft the mizzen mast — I forget which— and rush it along, calling upon tlio middios to scrub handsomely whilst I saw that evory portion of tho dock ivas thoroughly clcansod. Wo carried hen coops on eithor sido tho poop: under tho hen-coops were battens designed to prevent tho dirt of the coops from sifting out on to tho clean planks when the ship was on a wind or whon sho rolled. In washing down, these battens were always removed to citablo tho wntor to swoop frcoly undor tho coops. Tho captain was on deck, as usual, pacing to wind ward in a pair of galoches and liis high liat, which seemed to cling to his licnd ivith tho tenacity of a sou'-wester. Tho poop being washed down, I fell half frozen, and in a very ugly tempor, to replacing tho battens, but ono was missing. I looked about for it, but it was nowliore to be seen. My captain ,waa as penurious a roguo as over saved raonoy out of nautical chccso-paring; tho loss, therefore, of nn old pieco of wood would necessarily affect liim as a voiy considerable blow. ' refusing to do duty. " Where's tho batten, Mr. Russoll?" lib roared. " I don't ktiow, sir." "Don't know ! _ But you miat know!" ho shouted with liis faco liko a north-west moon in tho German Ocean. " Where is it; sir ?" . ;" I um afraid it is overboard, ''"said I. . " By G — !" ho hollowed, " if it is -overboard, you go after it !" - , , 1 ran my oyes .from his'galochcs to his fiery pimplo of a 11030. . . "Find it, sir! find it!" ho screamed, bring- ' nig his foot with- a squelching blow, of tho galoclio downon tlio dock. . . : I walked forward, and after partaking, of n cup of coffee with tlio boatswain in liis bortli, I returned to tlio poop refreshed, warm and re solved. I walked right up to tho skinner. Now, Mr. N said I, not condescend ing to torm him captain, to which titlo no ship master has right, " I'vo had enough of son- faring, and as I- proposo to abandon tho' lifo whou I roach tho Thames, I think I may us well coil up and stop short just here!" 7 " Go below, sir !" ho roared; "You've treated mo very rudoly," I. con tinued, astonished by my own determina tion, " and liavo shown yourself utterly incapable of distinguishing between .norsons. Your master lias had a vory groat deal of money out of my father, iib you know, nnd if there wore more to be obtained I don't question that you would liavo used mo vorv- much mm-n' civilly. Sir, I'm sick of tho sea, sick of this ship, and sick of you ;" and so saying I walked off tho poop, loaving tho old chap epeochless with rage. , . ;17 - I ofton wonder I did not causo his death. Holiad heart disease, and drbppod dead at his door soon of tor tho arrival of tho ship in iho Thames; " ' . Half an hour after; tho steward caihe to tlio midshipman's berth-' and told mo tlio captain wanted me. I wont aft to his cabin, whero I found him sitting at tho tablo. I soo bis white Iniir now, contrasting with bis purplo faco, and rcmcmbor bis old-mackintosh swinging against the bulkhead with liis hat on top of it, looking exactly liko him, as though indeed ho had bunged himself. Tho official log-book wus ' bo foro liim. ' " You rofuso duty ?" "Most emphatically," Buid L Oil that ho "logged" mo, and- tlion I went about my business. I was supposed to ho 011 broad and wator for the rest of /ho time, hut I managed pretty well on tho cabin leavings, through tipping tho stew ard. All tho way homo I nover did a harder stroke of work than cutting up sticks of Caven dish tobacco and smoking them. In foot, as I havo said, I was siek of tho lifo ; hut sinco then, thanks probably to a courso of spring mattresses, good roast hoef, dry clothes, rest o' nights, and total freedom from tho obligation of scrubbing plonkB and tarring rigging, I havo discovered that tho ocean is not wholly without romanco. Lot tho ghost of my old skipper, however, consider itself avongod, for I boliuve I owo tlio rhoumatism that bus afflicted mo now. most conscientiously for the last four years wholly to.n trick of sitting too lato oil tho. oookiug-hateh of a night, smoking und yarning ivith anyono I could 1 detain through idieer' loathing of the cabin bolow, in which I ivas supposed to ho imprisoned. Clark Russell.- ' 