. IFlovcHst. Tie Midnight Prophecy on TUE HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. 2ty Emma GarrlsonJ ones. CHAPTER IjVJL— (Continued.) ."Now, se'o lioro, wliat's tlio uso of-' sticking it out ? Yuu c.'in'fc liL'lp youraclF. You are wholly at my mcroy. l'va told. . ' tho peoplo hero "—with a bru tal laugh — " that you are orazy, an. escaped lunnlic, . . aim it you oattor tho windows down they'll only think you crnziur, don't you aoo. You can't eacapo. Como now, Jot's go and got married poacofully, and bo good friendo all tho rat of our days." He aroso ond rnado on attompt to talco her hand, but sho repelled him with a \- gosturo. " Lord Strathapoy," hor young voice ringing liko a trumpot, " I shall noror bo your wifo 1 You nihy drag mo to tHo altar, but. I'll denotmoo and defy you there as I do hero l'1 . ; IIo watcliod. hor a momout, tlio old, dniigeroua look coming book to hia ryra. " Very woii," ho replied then, in the quiet toiio ho alwdya .uaod when ho' wna muoli moved, " have it your own way. . You'll apo whether you'll hold out or not wlien I got you in tho quarters I'vo pro- pared for you. "Wo'Jl aeo." . llo-turncd and strode from tho room, hia faco white with angor; and lookod the door after him. . ' Maggie ant |by the window, gazing down into the dingy yard below, and . poudering on what Lord Strathapoy Had aaid. Tlio-- people at tho inu regarded hor <ra an Oflqaped lunatic— that oxploinod at onoo tho poouliar oonubt of tho land lady. The young nobleman "hod apokon ndviapdly when lie aaid sho wos utterly in his power Sho was, and without ono single hopo of 1 eacapo. Thinking it all over, Maggie's bravo heart failed hor, and . dropping hor bright bond forward on tho ivindow-sill, sho sobbed, in hor impotent despair, like n oliild. ' But hor grief was more for lioi" old father's sake than for . hor own. Tbo long, dreamy summer day wont ... slowly by.' It sonniod au eternity to poor' Maggioj' pacing up and down 'her bare prison in f rani io inipnticnao. . But at last it oamo to : au ond | tho sun wont down ..' behind tho Scottish hills, tlio purple . twilight, foil, and tho great wiuto stars -oamo Hashing out 111 tho opal sky liko un- sot diamonds. ' Onoo again her prison door waa opened, ; v : ttid tho young lord onterod. Oomo," ho said, quiotly, unfolding a parcel contaicing a shawl and lmt, "got v. ... these on ; wo are going now." Maggie paid no hoodto his command- " Will you go quietly ? ho contmuod. \- . 't I wieh yon would, but if yon liko to ho \- . itubborn. thoro's nothing to hinder.'. You too this,' ho added, prudiioing a small, iratiBparent' vial, and holding it keforo oor oyos ; " ono singloamffat it will make . . fou as gontla as n lamb, and thoro aro plenty to holp mo carry you down. Tako your ohoico at once. Will you go quietly -or not tslio aroso without a word, nnd put oil \- tho shawl and lmt. Thoro was nothing to bo gained by resisting, with that deadly ; drug before her oyes. Tlio younw mini took hor linnd, nnd drew it. through hia , arm,- and thoy descended to tho public parlor of " Tho Ltoli and tho Unicorn " Tho landlord and ins wifo and ono or two guests wore present, nnd tho wlioto of thorn arose at onco, and stood rondy to do- ; - - .camp inoosoof any violent inauifestalionu. Maggio Imd thought to nppcal to tlioin \- : . lor holp, hut Booing tlioir iriuks, and noda, : ; and Bigmfionnt glances, bIio roframod. . Tlioy behoved hor to bo mad, and would : . not givo oav to anything alio Bind. ' She suffered Lord Strathspoy to load titty hor out to tho tavorn poroh. Thoro was a : rlosod carriage m waiting a few yards from tlio stops, nnd half a dozen boys and . nen loitered around, luokiug on with : , ourious msoloiico- Tho poor girl's oiiooks tingled with outraged pndo and angor, and situ went to tho cnrriago door in uttor.- Bilonco. At tho vory lustant tlmt iior foot touched tlio stop, and tho young lord wob .hurrying lior- in, tlio horses slued anil plungod forwa-d, throwing hor buck with sonto violonco. - . " fnko onro, madam," cnod a young mnn, who hnd.just como up from anothor direction. '1 Allow mu to holp you.' . IIo caught hor before sho foil, and drew hor back a stop or two, wlnlo tho horses were bolng restrained. Maggio turned tlio moinont sho roeovcrod from the. shock, nnd looked at him. and in tho summer: duolc sho saw something ill his hnndsomo, blondo faco that inspired her witlr conlidonco. Swifter than thought — for Lord Strathspoy was approaching rapidly, wlulo tho stablo-boy hold tlio horses-she grasped his arm with both hor slender hnnds, and raised her lovely oyos to his face. "Oil, sir, for Hoavons sako holp mo," elio implored ; " that man la tho Earl of Strathspoy's son, and ho is forcing mo frem huuiu and friends — aavo mo — help mo I" ' ; The young Iord rushod up, with a bitter oath.. "She's a lunatic— don't hoed her," ho cried, hotly, toojiotly, it struck tho calm young stranger, "Oorao on— como, I siiy." . .. -. Ho drow hoc to the carriage door, and lifted her in bv. main foroe, springing after; hor, with astonishing rapidity. Maggio straggled from his grasp, and sue- .co'cded iu reaching tho window. "Oh, sir, Bavo me — savo mo I" bIio cried, in imploring accents. '.' Who is alio ?" demanded tho young man . of tho landlord, ss tho' carriage whirled away. A mad woman, as ho told yo ; she 'scaped, an' he ho taken hor back — she's a purty young thing." Tlio stranger sauntercdoff iu the deepen- inu twilight, liia riflo swung across his stalwart shoulders, and a short hunting knife in his belt. " I don't beliovo it," ho murmured, his. bluo eyes brooding and serious ; " thoro was no madness m hor face 1 Hoavons, what a faco it was i Liko ono of Raphael's Madonnas. I'vo half n mind to follow hor, and unravel this mystery, By Jove, I will." And lie Bhot of! through tho purplo gloom, with tho speed of an antolopo. CHAPTER LVIII. THE bohdeh W'ATC'U iower. Away up oil the bloakost and wildest portion of tho North country coast, there stood, at tho timu of our story, a pilo of gray old ruins, known by tlio name of tho Border Watch Toivor, because of a toll turret or tnnor, which loomed up above the main structure, and from which, in days'gonoby, tho border warriors wore wont to rcconnoitor tiio movomonts of thoir onomy. Tlio surrounding country was vory bloak nnd dosolato, nnd tho old castlb, with its ruined drawbridgo, and stagnant moat, and crumbling battle ments, was porhnp3 tho dreariest and most uncanny old plnco within tho length and breadth of England. For ages it has been utterly deserted, Bavo by the bats and owls, and tlio ghosts of tho mailed warriors, who usod to hold tlioir nightly revels in its spacious halls. On ono side, its gray and mouldy parapctB lookod down into . the sullen wntors of Solway Firth, nnd on tho othor hand, outstretchod a blighted heath, utterly storilo and verduroloss, dotted horo and there with dwarfed oaks and black thorn bushes, andboundod by a lodge of wild, rocky oliffa. Under. the. baso of those oxtendod a gloomy eavo, known among tho peasants as the " Hermit's Cavo,'.'aud inhabited, so thoy assorted, by a wierd old mnn, with fiory oycB and flowing board, whoso lifo, liko that of tlio Wnndoring Jow, was ondless ; and who possos8cd, moreover, tho ubiquity of Asmodous ; appearing undor tho shadow of the black thorns at ono moment, and away up on tho bootling summit of the bald cliffs in the next. _ In tlio dead of niglit, the same night on wliicii our lust chapter closed,, a carriage rolled rapidly up tho broad avonuo that led to this grim old Wofoli Tower; The: immense gates stood wido open, as they had boon etauding, no doubt,' for half a dozen years ; and tho cnrriago drovo in, andovor the mouldy flag- stones, up to tho. front ontranco. The driver leaped from Ins boxj and throw opoa tho carriago door. . . . Ho was a tall, dark man, with; all ugly; face, and a dark scar like a sabre cut aoross. his right tomplo. . - . " Horo we are, my lord," ho said. Lord Angus put his head out and looked : about him; . . ; . "DarknBa dungoon," ho ojaoulated, with a slight sliuddor, as his eyes roved ovor tlio groat gray pile ; .of ruins,, looming up boforo' him in the' summer starlight. " S'posc you run up and knock, Berkot, and bo sure you're all right." , Tho mnn ascendod the long flight of stono stops, wluoli led to an arolicd door way, and procooded to pound lustily. At iirst, only tho bats and owls, startled, from thoir roosts, made any. sound in roBponso. Ho knocked again; with tho loaded ond of his whip, till tho onipty Imlls witluu rang with the sound. r Ton lmnutos passed, and tlion a sound of footsteps ooliood within, and presently, after n great clattor of bolts nnd bars; tlio massive doors swung cautiously open; nnd tlio driod and wrinkled faco of an. old woman lookod out. " Willi's that V alio domnudod in strong Scutch accents, ono hand on tho door, and tho othor on tho bond of an nnmonso blood-hound, that crouchod at lior aido, with blood-shot oyos, and rod, hnlf-opon yaws. , . "Mo, .Mothor Givinnoth, me, to be snro I" cnod Borkot ; " tho day o' yudg- menb might oomo, an' yo'd novor know. Why, I'vo boon poundin' horo an hour." "I honrn yo," responded the old woman. " Bo tlio young laird coom 1 Borkot nodded as ho turnod nnd ran down tho stops. " Ail right, yor lordship," ho enllod nt tbo door ot tlio oarringo. Lord Angus leaped out with Maggio in his arms. Tlio poor girl had given ovor rosistauco. Tlio sight of tho drivers wicked faco, and of tlio grim ond ghostly old building, awed her into silent obedience. Her faco woo as wiuto as tlio young moonlight ttiat began to slnmmor on tho Scottish ppnks, mid hor oyos wore a siilumn startled expression. If Iloavon did not interpose and savo her, sho was lost, Tlio young man sot her foot upon tho muddy Hug-stones, nnd drawing hor hand through lus arm, Iod hor along by his sido. Thoy .ascended tho steps and npproaclicd tho door, whoro tho old woman awaited thorn with a dun lantern in hor hand. At Bight of them, tho blood hound uttered a terrible growl, and moved stealthily forward. " Duon, yo bruto— doon this minmt 1" commanded tlio old woman./ Ho cowered back in an instant, and tho old woman camo'fnrward, hor iosdon oyos lightiug at tho sight of Lord Strathspoy s faco. " I dinna bo sure it ivas yor hardship, ' sho Baid, watching him. with n curious, eager look, and touching ins arm with Iter withorcd hand : " but I know its ycr-ol' now. Yor a braw la l now. lis mony a year sinco mo auld oyes had sight of ye. A braw young laird yo bo." Lord Angus shook off iior hind with an oath, staring at lior in amazement. " Hush your gibbor, will you? ' ho cried, harshly. " Do you moan to koop mo out hero all night ?" Tho old oreaturo .hurriod back, allow ing him to pass in, with a look of pain and disappointment in hor leaden oyos liko that we often see in dumb animals. " Tho young loddy's room bo all rondy," she said, humbly. " Will ys go right up now, or " " Right up now," interrupted tho young poor. " Load tho way." She oboyod in silonco, going bofore' them up' tlio groat onkati staircase, tlio blood-hound crouching along at hor hcols. She paused midway tho grant ball tbat ran from tho head of tho stairs, batween two rows of chambers that had once boon vory grand and stately, and taking a key from her pocket, unlocked and opened ono of tho carved oaken doors. Lord Strathspoy, with Maggio on his arm, followed her into a largo and hnndsomo apartment. In its day, this old atato chamber had boon a mngniflcont ono, but noiv tho tapestry was faded and moth- oaten, rats burrowed behind the carved wainscot, and tho bronze candlcstioks and ornaments on tlio marbla mantel woro grcon with mould. Tho ricli furniture, too, of an antique stylo, was sadly decayed and faded, and tho groat Turkish rug in tlio contro of tho floor sont up littlo puffs of dust at cvory touch of thoir feet. Tlio solitary candle that burned on tho mnntol throw a dim and ghostly light into tho distant corners of tho vast roam, whore' an immenso bed uproarcd itself liko a mountain, alt draped with faded velvet, ond barely disclosed tho dim por traits of somo dcad-and-gono race that adorned tho walls. Altogether it was as dreary ond tomb- like a chamber as ono can possibly imagine. Lord Angus led his lovely young prisoner into this haunted old Btate- chamber and seated lier, with o bow of mocking gallantry, on tho volvot couch that filled ono corner. Then he turned to tho old woman that stood just, within tho doorway, her oyes following him with that curious, eagor look. . " Give mo tlio key," ho saidi roughly, " and take yourself off. I can find my way down." . She obeyod without a word; and with tho key in his hand the young mnn turned to Maggie. " You believe me now ?" ho began, his evil eyos flashing witli triumph ; "you see how completely you are in my power ? The doors are strong horo— to-night tlio groat gatcB will be closed and locked; arid day and night thnt old crone and lior blood hound will stand guard to prevent your' escape. You see there is no hope , for you." Maggio uttored no word in answer. She eat motionless on tho edge of the 'moth- , oaton sofa, her faco white .and rigid, her. sweotlirown eyes stony witli horror nnd despair. Tho young lord's heart relontod' a little as he lookod at lior. "I don't liko to do. this," ho continued,' his tone softening as ho spoko ; I want' to bo good- to you, Maggie— it is all your own fault. Tho moment -you consent to become my wife, you 'are ..free. I.want you to think it over to-night andhmko,uji your mind to liko mo-ryoii can easily enough if you will. I shall oomo to .seo you early in tho morning, and if you'll say tho word wo will be marriod at once, und l'U take you back to your father the Countess of Strathspey Towors." : , Still sho uttored: no word in response, 'but sat in that white, stony silonbo. The young man oould not boar to look at her, and he turned townrd the door. "I won't annoy you to-niglit," heaaid ; "you're tired. I'll go down and send Gwynnoth" up with soma Bupper. and a glass of wine and you'll fool, bettor to morrow. Good-night." .. Ho lingered nn. instant; hoping she would, speak; but sho did . not, and' ho wen, out, olosing and loolring : llid 'door after hinu. And Maggie was ; loft alone' a prisoner in -..this... groat; 'ghbatly : old' chamber, . - . . ./. : , - \- V- CHAPTER LIX. : tiie-decoy. / Tho Earl of Strathspoy left Ravensivold on tlio.toriLii of: September' to make a run down to London - and' return in tune for ' his- daughter's marrmgo;.wlnoh was ap pointed to take placo on tho -..'twenty- - thud. Ho hud various commissions to oxooute, .business matters to nrrango, and tbo mnrringu settlements lo.nttond to. In addition, tlio earl wislied to consult with his solicitor, in regard to tho oxpedicncy o£ disinheriting, or disowning ratlior, the young mnn who lmd so long boon known as his son. » T'tio subject was a vory painful ono, but Lord Strathspey was not the :innu to sIukJc what ha considered to be his duty, no matter how much pain it might causo him. . Day by day, hour by hour, tho convic tion tluvt, the boy ivns not his son, that ho had been docoivod and imposed upon, grew upon lum ; and wlulo ho rejoiced to bolievo that so depraved and unpromising a young nmn was in truth no son of lus, u was with a fouling of koou pain that lio thought of runounamg him. ACtor till ins hopes, after all lie had borne mid sultored, l.o should dio without an hoir, and the tnuo-honorod mimo of Strathspoy would dio with. lum. Better thus, liowovcr, than to lonvo it in tho hands of ono who would surely bring dis- graco nnd shame upon it. IIo was lixed in lus determination, nnd started down, to Loudon to: look into tho maltor and soo what - could bo dono, . Iminodmtely after tlio mnrriago of lus daughtor lie proposod having- tlio remains of his wife disuiteiiud and -'.removed fo tho grand burial-pluco at Starthspoy- Towors.- That . dono, Ins life-work was ondod, nnd .. .nothing remained for him but death. : -Ho.' -purposed loaving : Eng land in alt , probability forever, and otid- ing his. misorablo oxistcaco in a-forcignr laud; . Thus, tlio- earl purposed doing, as ho, stood on the platform at tlio Perth rnil- ,way, waiting . iinpntiontly for tho exproBS train to.London, but a trifling iucidont, or. shall wo Bay, a providence, which works; oven -through the wrath of evil nien,to-nc- eomplish nnd porfoct its miu-volloua ends- — caused- lum to oliaugo ins mind- \- Tho earl rocoivod a lot tor ; a yellow on- volopo, directed iu a scrawling hand, and dolivcrcd by a dalk man, witli a sabro out : over lus right tomplo. Ho.tore it open a triflo impatiently, and reau its contents. It ran thua: . If tlio Earl of Strathspoy will oomo to tho-old castlo called ' Tlio Border Watch .Tower,' ho may learn something in regard - to fus own son." "Hia owii son" mused tho poor, walk ing up and down.. " What can it mean, I wondor? , I've half a mind to go nnd: see. I know tho old castlo woll. . By Jove, I will go 1" \- He turned on his liool, while tlio express train wont crashing out on its wayto Lon don; and half nn hour lator lio was aboard a passenger train, bound for tho North country border. Ho got off at Hawick, undor tho shadow of tlio Cheviot Hills, and finding no bettor mode of travoliing at hand, after making a ljosty dinner, ho socured a seat in a mail-coach, whioh would convoy him with in n fow milos of tho ruins. With ovory milo lio travelled, his im patience increased. ITis own aon'l He kopt repeating tlio words over and over, with something like a thrill of pleasure. Ho lmd boon so deceived, and baffluil, nnd disappointed— what if at last his very own son was to bo restored to him 'I Tlio littlo Tyrol foundling, that his dond wifo claimed as her own? It might bo so. Strangor things hid hnp- ponod. Wo havo boforo stated that tho onrl wns impulsive and impetuous by nature ; wlmtovor ho bcliovod, became a faith to him. And now thinking it ovor, as ho rattled along in tiio mail-coach, bis im- palieuco waxed hotter and hotter. If it might only turn out as ho hoped — if ho might find and claim tho boy his wifo loved, the child for whoso sako sho sacri ficed hor homo and happiness, and hor life — whnt joy it would bo to endowhim with his nnmo, his woclth, iiis honors, for ths sako of hor whom ho had so dooply in jured I It was tho ono only thing which could in any way Afford him. comfort, or appenso tho cruel romorso that stung linn liko an adder ; and his great desire that it might bo so. grow into a hopeful faith. . Jlie own eon I It must bo tho littlo foundling of the Tyrol that ho was Boon to hear of. The mail-coach put him down in the silver dusk of a September bvo. A'young 'mboii hung like a silvor crescont' oyer theiblua Cheviot peaks, and tho stars' came out like jewels in the farmff, misty blue.. . ... .-.The ''Border Watoh Tower" was a fow miles distant ; he could seo.the round tur-. rot looming up gray and grim; in the opal: light. . ' There was no conveyance at hand, :and; the impatient earl, too eagor; t.o brook a- motnent'sdelay, dptormiried' to walk the: distaiico, .Hedid so, striking off in a direot. line across thouortli country,. aiid.loaving tho rolling downs and rugged peaks far: behind. ; . ; . . , . . Tho moon was going do'wn in a- bank of tliundorous storm-cloud when ho rudohe'd tlio great goto of tlio old castle;::aiid an owl was hooting dismally from some hid-; .deivpproli.awoy up iu tho: windy battle-; ments. : ' Thio oarl paused,:' panting and weary, from his long and rapid walk, arid loaning Against the huge stono pillar, gazed arbund him. . 1' \- And at sight of .the dreary prospoet— tho black; and sulloii waters bepoath the ruined moat ; tho blighted heath; stretch ing far away in the dim light ; tho gloomy, fir-grovo'that-. flanked: the broad avonuo, and the groat gray pile -of ' ruins, so still, mid ghostly, and tomb- liko in tbo uneor- tain mooh-ray s— at sight of all this, for the first time a thrill of apprehension assailed him. What if ho wore being lured into a trap ?. Could it bo eo ? . ; : Asking himself tlio question, as if by; somo weird mogio the faco of his son, of tho boy. who had borne his name and on- joyed his bouefits so long, Boomed to riso before him— a faeo full of wickod malig nant triumph. For ono brief moment tlio oarl hesitated, half inclined to turn back. Then ho raised liia haughty, head with a scornful smilo. Ho lmd nover met n dangor ip all his life long that ho dared not faco, and should lie turn baok from this— he, who hold Jiis jife bo lightly,? i- / ..'> A rusty born hung suspended from tho Hugo goto, which was socuroly looked. The oarl took it down, nnd blow a long, loud blnst, such- a blast as wns wont in days gono by to rouso tlio border warriors from tlioir revels. The hoarse braying of a: blood houud within responded to his summons, and ail agnin wns silent for tho space of ten min utes, when a footstep echoed on tho damp iiug-stono, and ; direotly nftor tho rusty bolts and bars began to rattle. - - \- Tiio gate was cautiously oponod, and tho samo man who had delivered tho - lotlcr lookod out. " All 1 ' ho ojuculatod, "the oarl at last. Will your lordehip ho ploased to enter?' - . " Who dosireB my proaonco horo ?" <lo- domnndod tho earl. . "Tito master," replied; tho man, glibly; "ho hns tidings for your.lonlship, if. yon will have- tlio goodness, to walk; in and hear." .. . .:. \- The oarl strodo in without anothor quostion. The gate was olnsod and looked aftor him, and tlion his guido led tho way to tho cnstlo ontranco. , . Tlio onrl followed uu tlio- mouldy stops and through tiio archod door way. In tho groat hull, tlio old woman known as Motlior Gwynnoth stood with a light, and at n signal from the man, sho at oncu loci tlio way into a spacious draivingroom. A grand, gloomy apartment, filled with must and decay, and floored with colored tilos, liko the rooms abovo.. From a volvot chair in a romoto corner, \- a mans figure aroso. Gwynnoth put down tho light- and rotreatod, npd tho E-ulof Strathspey stood faco to faca with his son, tho young Lord Angus. For tho spaoo of a ininuto, tlio two mon facod each other m dead silonco ; tlion tlio earl spoko, his voico quivoring with rago : " Did you send thnt lotlor? ' ho do- mandod ; " did you daro to decoy mo into this den ?" Tiio young mans faco woro a smile of diabolical truimph. "I did, heggmg your lordship's pardon." lie ropliod; '- 1 mvitod you to como it you .wwliod to lioarsomothing of your own eon; nnd lie is vory muoli at- your honor s ser vice, tlio only eon, tlio only /icir.tho Earl of Strathspoy will ovor own." For au matnnt tho oarl stood breathless — uttorly dnmfoundcd nt tho young man's nrrogant impudonco. Tlion ins. iiot and liasty.tcmpor flamod up. You young villain 1 ' ho cnod, rushing, toward Lord Angus, "1 11 tcooh you how to mnko a fool of mo." Ho - mndo an nttompt to grasp tho younjj man's collar, but Lord Angus elu ded him, and. retreating Btopbystop, drew tho earl on io tho fartner cornor of tno spacious room. Thoro wob a wido tiio just bonoath thoir foot. Tho young lord pressod upon ono cornor of this with tho too of liis boot, and it slid slowly downward, carrying tho oarl with it, down into an abyss of uttor darkness. - Lord Angus peered down into tho awful oliasm, his fnco full of wicked exul tation. ' " Who will bo Earl of Strathspoy now, my lord?" ho called, mockingly. Then tho heavy tiio slowly rose, and slid hack to its placo with a sharp snap. „ "A snug trap that," musod tho young peer, with his hands in his pookets ; "and my Lady Cooilin Driimmond's a clovor woman— a doucod clovor woman, and a hnndsomo one. If I don't succcd in break ing in my wild fury, I'vo half a mind to mako lovo to hor, now that tho oarldom's mino. CHATTER LX. defeated. Judith lost no timo in carrying out hor determination to warn Captain Fossbroke of his dangor. Tho momont hor duties to Lady Marguerito woro ondod, sho hurried across the wold, in tho waning light, to tho residence of Mr. Keith. The old highland country houso was vory Bilcnt and sad, for Mr. Koftii was ah- sont, at work with tho detectives who wore trying to find poor Maggio ; and tho old doctor was silting out upon tho stono stops, his head bent upon hia breast, givon ovor to despair and grief. Judith approached him with tears in her oyos. " Ay, 'tis you, niy girl," he said, in re ply to hor Bnlutatiou, his oyos full of tlio wiBtful inquiry thnt novor loft tliom. "I was in hopes " Ho stopped short, his voice choked and unsteady. "But 'tis usolosa," ho added, nftor nmomont. . "I may as well give up all hope, Sho's gono, Judith— my pretty. bairn's gono— I shall nover lioar from her; again." T; . . Thoro wasa deop patbos'in tho father's grief/ for tho daughter . lio loved so fondly. ' ; A r."";-"V;i \- Judith's tears fell fast as she looked at him; but hor words were the words of hope' and consolation. . - . ; « "Do not despair," sho said; " I'msure you will find hor— I fool it somoho-v, doc tor — tho'a not -gono, But ho shook ' his grny hend in dos- pair. . - . "Remember how it" wns- about .Hen-, driek;" tlio girl continuod, hoping to cheor him. - "I had mourned' him as-dead so' long, and, iii tho hour I least looked for it, ho wns restored to. mo. Tlio nieroy of Heaven is endloasl niid its powor is oinni- potent, doctor. You will surely find your" oliild again." : . \- . Ho looked up nt tho summbr stars abovo liiui. . Juditli's onrnest . words thrilled him. with renewed hopo. Slio passcd on, in soaroh of. the captain, imd found to her eonstornatian, that ho was absent, gone to Glasgow, to return on Thursday. Oil Thursday, tlio vory day on which the fatal ivino. supper .was to bo held 1 What should alio do ? Hurrying homeward through tho Bilent starlight, alio thought until her. tomplos. throbbed with pain, and. at last deter mined to rovoal tho wholo aflair to the countess. Lady Margiieritowasin tlio musio-room' when Judith ranched Ravenswold, filling all the summer sUence with hermournful : molcdies, and tho girl ran to her own littlo room, To seok advico from hor husband.. She -had told him the story of .the baro- no''s treaoliory boforo, and lio strongly approved of hor decision to rovoal all to tho countess. " There s somothing wrong," ho said, in his grave, Blow mannor, " though I can't boo through it. I'vo beon wntolungtho baronet siuco you told mo, and thoro's somothing wrong with lum, Judith. Ho starts and looks bohind lum whon thoro's no oausa — he's got a soorot of somo kind on lus mind, I'm sure o' that." "And ho to bo my poor littlo Poarl's hushandl" cried Judith. "And a night or two ago," pursued Hondrick, without noticing what sho said, " I was down in the stables, and Sir Bay ard came down — ho sal ways prying about tbo horses. Bight m tlio yard ho n. ot Oa )- tain Fossbrooko faco to face. Thoy both stopped and stared at oaoh othor, and says the captain. " Why, Colonel Richmond 11. o 'he, as I livo 1" " And Sir Bayard, ho turned so wlilto that I thought ho'd drop whoro; ho Btood. Tlio captain wont on with a laugh, and then Sir Bayard foil to swonrin' awful. I wonder what it all means I ' " Colouol Richmond Brooko," ropentod Judith, thoughtfully. "Yos," said Hondrick; "thnt'stho name, I rcmcmbor it well.' " Well, 'tis all in a tnnglo," she ropliod; "I can't begin to soo ono ond fromt'othor; bnt I'll tako your advioo ond toll tbowliolo thing to tho countess.-' "Ay, lass, lis tlio best tiling you oan do," responded Hondrick, stroking hor brown hair as ho uroao to go out. And Judith wont straightway and tap ped for admittance at tlio door of tlio countess' sittiugroom. The old lady had a now novel boforo hor nnd hor inovitnblo silver mug of strong coffcu at lior elbow. Sho stared a littlo as Judith ontcrcd and bogged tho favor of her nttoi,.,,.- or a fow inmnlcs. But sho closed her novel, and pushed: hack her goggles; and laid ono imnd uil thu'Juivulleil bond of hor stuff, and bado lior1 .-proceed with what sho wished to say. - Judith obeyed, i-ohcnranig in n concise nnd strictly trtuiiful niaiuior, nnd with thai torso and strikinu stylo tliat ivns one ofiior gifts thuwludu nilair from -begin-, mug to ond, winding up Willi , tlio littlo incident tliat Hondrick hail noticed in tho stnhlo-ynrd. ' _ .. I lie oouutcss listened, hor. keen eya blazing, lior liands working nervously on tlio top of lior cane. Sho comprehended all tho points that had escaped the girl's comprehension. Whon tho story wns ondod she brought down hor stick with a ornsb. " ihoro,1 sho cried; oxcilodly, "I soo tho wholo thing now as clear as daylight; What a blind miot I've beon not to sus pect it before. Tho man's an unpoBtor, nnd Bayard Brompton's dead — murdered I That's tho wholo in a nutslioll. Poor Bayard." Sho meditatod a moment and thon bounded to nor foot with the alacrity of a girl. " Hero, my good girl," she oried, as sho threw off hor velvet gown, " dress mo quiok. 1 won't ring for my maid— there, the black satin and a fresh turban. Oh, Hotivonl" sho wont on excitedly, as Judith hastened to oboy, " to think how I've suffored mysolf to be duped — thank Heavon 'tis not . too Into. Poor Pearl, poor littlo girl, what a fate slio has es caped. " Girl," turning upon Judith as showns folding the snowy turban, "I'll givo you a fortuno for tho sorvico you'vo dono me to-night ; a fortuno that wilt mako you a lady/'. Judith thanked hor as sho arranged tho turban and loopod it in front with tho great fleshing diamond. Tho countess grasped hor stick and hurriod down. Posrl was still at tho piano, and tho baronet was bonding ovor hor chair doing his utmost to play tho devoted lovor, tho poor girl shrinking away from him with horror and aversion. Tho countess crossed tho room with tho tread of a cat and put her lips oloso to tiio baronet's car. " Colonel Richmond Rroohc," sho cried, shrilly, " when dkl you murder Sir Bayard Rromylon 1" Tho baronet bounded up as if a bullet had struck him, turned sharply and stared at tho countess in blank consternation. Thon comprehending tho wholo, his faco slowly whitoncd, and witli ono or two in effectual gasps ho sank to the floor in- sonsiblo. The couutoss sat down contemplating tho prostrato soldier with an amusod twinklo in her sharp eyes. " I'ro given mysolf credit ail my life for being aclevorwonian," sho obsorvod, "but I'm convinced now that' I'm insufferably stupid, that I over should havo been brought to beliovo that creature n Bromp- ton. Pah I Marguerito, child, ring the boil, will you ?" Marguerite, palo with- wondering dis may, hastened to obsy. " Onll that gentleman's vnlot," com manded tho countess , of the servant who entered, indicating tho prostrato' baronet with the toe of lier satin slipper. In five, miniitos Leonard entered, a startled look in hisjjlnck byes. " Tako, your master :to his room," said '.the-oountpss ; "lio ia ill. 1 will have a physioian colled in;" " Leonard obeyodwith alacrity, and- the downgor procoeded to, call in;, not' a physioian', but a pair of Jo/floors; Half an hour lator tlioy invaded; tho: baronet's room, but lo, the cosombnt was Vide open, and the biwonct and his' valet wore both: gone.. ' But tho unsucoossful soldier hndleft, his writton confossion behind him. " I. am Sir Bayard;. Brompton's half- brothor by an illogitimuts connection. HiBfachor did iny mother an unpardon- ablo wrong, and I owed iiorson a grudgo. Moreover,- 1 wna tho cldor son, tlio title and woaltli wore' mine ; I tried to spcure tlioin ; I havo failed. "Hobr follqiv," musod the countoss ; " ho did have a look of' tho Bromptons, and I can't help feeling somo pity for lum. But lie's a murdorer — put tho oflicors on his track." To ho continued. 