¡ INVESTITURE OF ARCHBISHOP I - MURPHY. The ceremony of investing the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Archbishop elect of Hobart with the Pallium, took place at St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday morning. Long before the time of commencement large numbers of people of all denominations swarmed to the sacred edifice, and although seats were found for the majority very many had to be content with standing room. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Hamilton, accompanied by the Private Secretary (Mr. H. W. B. Robinson) arrived in good time, and were accommodated with seats in the sanctuary. Near to the vice-regal party seats were also provided for the Hon. Christopher O'Reilly, Knight of St. Gregory, and the Chief Justice, Sir Lambert Dobson, and in various parts of the large building were seated many members of Parliament and leading citizens. of At 10.45, a procession of priests, bishops, archbishops, and the Cardinal started from the Archbishop's palace to the sacristy and entered by the great western door into the sanctuary.- His Eminence was vested in capps magna and red Stretta and had for his deacons the Very Rev. Dean Woods, of Hobart, and the Very Rev. Archdeacon Hogan, of Westbury, a number of acolytes bearing His Eminence's train. The Archbishop elect (Dr. Murphy came next similarly vested, but in nozzles and purple biretta, with his attendants the Revs., Fathers Moore, of Lntrol e, and Feehan, of Oatlands, as deacons. Then followed the Bishops of Goulbourn (Dr Lanigan), Bathurst (Dr. Byrne), and Grafton (Dr. Doyle), His Eminence being seated on the archiepiscopal throne, another procession issued from the sacristy, consisting of His Grace the Archbishop of Adelaide (Dr. Reynolds), who sang pontifical mass, Dean Beechinor, wearing a white cope, acting as assistant priest, and the deacons of the mass the Revs. Fathers Hennebry and Bernard Murphy. On arrival at the altar, His Grace began the mass, the pontifical choir rendering Mozart's "Kyrie and Gloria." After communion, the sacred pallium was placed on the altar, and at the conclusion of the mass, His Eminence laid aside the coppa, and was vested in white cope, mitre, and pastoral staff. The arch- bishop-elect was then vested in full points- fell, and accompanied to the altar by his attendants. His Eminence then handed the Apostolic Brief to Dean Beechinor, who read it aloud from the altar steps in Latin, and afterwards, at the request of His Grace (Dr. Murphy), read the following translation Pope Leo XIII. - Venerable brother, health and apostolic benediction, Being placed by the arrangement of Divine Providence in the chair of the Prince of the Apostles, and presiding over all the churches, We from time to time by Our Supreme power, raise some of the said churches to greater dignity, when the good of religion and the welfare of the people seem to require it. And as our beloved son Patrick Francis Cardinal Moran, with the title of St. Susanna, by apostolic dispensation Archbishop of Sydney, explained to us that it would conduce much to the good of religion to raise the Episcopal See of Hobart to the dignity of a " Metropolitan See," We Having carefully weighed the matter, and examined its advantage to religion and the faithful, erect, and constitute by our apostolic authority, by, force of these letters, the Episcopal See of Hobart into a Metropolitan See, and we confer and bestow upon it all and each of the rights, honours, and pre- eminences which belong to Metropolitan area. To this see, constituted mHropolHuú by our present letters, and enhanced by the honours and rights of this, dignity, We '. promote you, venerable brother, who-, heretofore have governed the same see, with all the rights, honours, prerogatives and pre-eminence proper to archbishops . To us, however, and to the Apostolic See, we reserve the faculty of dividing, at any time, according to our will, and that of the Holy See, the same territory for a Suffragan Seo. Notwithstanding the statutes of our predecessor Benedict XIV-, of happy memory, respecting the division of dioceses, and other constitutions and Apostolic ordinances; also of the Church of Hobart itself, though confirmed by oath or strengthened by any other Apostolic confirmation what ever, statutes or customs, all things else Whatever to the contrary. ' Given at Rome, at St. Peter's, under the soul of the fisher man, 3rd of August, 1888, the 11th of Ponti- greatest.- Cardinal. Ledochowski. To our venerable brother, Daniel Murphy," Bishop of Hobart. Then His Grace knelt before His Eminence,, and made the profession of faith prescribed by Pius IV. He then took the usual, oaths of allegiance to the Holy See, and the Cardinal holding the holy 'book on his lap,' the Archbishop kissed it, within ceremony occupying considerable time The Cardinal then read the prescribed prayers, aftofArhich he solemnly invested His "Grace" with the insignia of archiepiscopal authority. After this the newly-created Archbishop of Hobart gave his solemn blessing to the multitude, and then he imparted the Pax or "kiss of peace " to His Eminence and to each of the prelates in succession. Then all the clergy of the diocese present approached, and kneeling kissed His Grace's ring as a sign of obedience and submission. The visiting clergy of other dioceses did not go through this ceremony, as they owe allegiance elsewhere. At its conclusion, His Eminence was divested of his pontifical robes, and again assumed the red capes magna, and with his deacons and several attendants, went down the centre of the church to the pulpit'. Upon ascending the pulpit the Cardinal opened the Bible, and read from John c. xviii., v. 18 te2S. After reading the text His Eminence went on to say that the ceremony at which they had assisted invited them to fix their thoughts for a little while upon that marvellous unity which it had pleased their Divine Saviour to set as His heavenly seal upon His holy Church. He formed to Himself His spiritual kingdom upon earth, He enriched it with all Divine truths, and coming from the bosom of his father He laid down his life to sanctify it, and thus instituted a Holy Sacrifice. The same sacrifice once offered on Calvary as a covenant of mercy ; the same sacrifice that on the golden altar of Heaven ever pleads for mercy, in our behalf that same sacrifice, one which is universally offered on a thousand altars from the rising to the setting of the Bun, giving glory to God and pleading for mercy on behalf of a sinful world. And in the Holy Sacraments this sacrifice had been per per tun ted. The Saviour offered His own Divine life to sanctify His Church, and His own glory He gave to it. That glory was the power and wisdom of God made known to us in wonders and in peace and charity to sanctify the children of God on earth. If I they went to the banks of Jordan and saw the Saviour as they read in the Gospel of the day, come forth after sanctifying the ' waters of baptism, they would see the heavens 1 open and the Holy Ghost in the form of a dove descending upon him, and they would hear the words of the Father saying "This is my beloved Son in whom I am well pleased." And now He prays that the eve extended to Him might be extended to the Church of to-day. The Holy Spirit of God is the bond of union that knits together the Father and Son with the Holy Ghost, one in substance, and the Saviour breathed the i Burne divine spirit upon His Holy Church. All His glorious gifts, so rich, so rare, be divine He has passed into His Holy Church, and these were the treasures He bequeathed unto His disciples that the seal of heaven upon their mission should be the unity of His Holy Church.' That is the type of unity so blessed and privileged with which they were associated. in, that sacred invincible unity they could see the glories and the triumphs, the victories and the merits of the martyrs. For three centuries the powers of the world waged war against the Holy Church, and Imperial Borne marshalled all its strength that it might combat for the Church of Christ. The martyrs offered themselves as victims to the executioners, and their blood became the seed of Christianity, and also fulfilled the; prophecy of the Divine Saviour, " If you are of the world the world will love you, I but now the world hates you because you are not of it. " What beautiful pictures the li ves of the martyrs presented >? When the aged Bishop of Smyrna, St. Polycarp, in his 80th year was led before the tyrant and asked to deny the Saviour, he cried, "For 86 years the Divine Master has loved me and how can I deny Him who has so loved me. It was his own prayer that his hands should not be bound, and when he ascended the pile prepared for his execution, the flames leaped around him a trim plain arch of living Greayer the martyr himself remained unharmed. Again he prayed that Heaven might not deprive him of his palm of martyrdom, and it was by the sword of the executioner that he obtained his crown.' So with the humble' slave Bluudiua, when interrogated as to her name, she replied, "Inch the servant of Christ." She was thrown into the arena to be de- voured by wild beasts, but even of the lions of old refused to touch Daniel, she remained unmarried, and she also by the sword of the executioner obtained ber crown. And so it was by the triumphs of the martyrs that the victories and privileges of the Holy Catholic Church were won. Again the power, of Rome was Jjroken. Countless swarms of a nation hitherto on a line I - r Ezra: arr" .71^77^517 is known came forth from the forests of Germany. They passed the Danube, the Rhine, and the Rhone ; they clustered around the devoted city," the capital of Imperial Rome. Those nations were the avenging messengers of the anger of God. ' But again when they had done their work, 'countless < missionaries went forth and reformed hordes of those savages, who would not receive the mission from those whom they had conquered.' But nothing daunted the missionaries pushed forth from the remotest countries of the east and west, and turned the hearts of those barburmttB to a knowledge of truth and from those butbnriunHliuvonpriingtliecn lightened nations of Christendom of the present day. The triumphs, zeal, and devotedness of these missionaries was their inheritance, for they were brothers in the faith. Again, corruption found its way among the children of the church ; ambitious men anxious to seize upon the wealth of the Church, and with their corrupt hearts to set aside God's law to avail themselves more freely of their passions and their vices. They found monarchs turning away their nations from the faith of Christ, but at the present day eminent men have discovered from the letters of Henry VIII. and Elizabeth that if the Sovereign Pontiff of that day would have yielded to their wishes that bright gem which England was in the crown of the Holy Church would not have been snatched away from their inheritance. But the Sovereign Pontiff who has ever been as firm as a rock when there was a question of Divine truth or Divine will-sooner than one jot or tittle of God's commands should be fritter away allowed the brightest gem in the diadem of the church to be lost to her. The heroism of the pontiffs of old who suffered martyrdom and imprisonment rather than sever themselves from the Holy Church was their heritage and crown, even to the present day. And thus it was that the [Holy Church had not passed away but remained one, and universal as it was eighteen centuries ago, and the same prayer that the Saviour prayed for the unity of the Apostles holds as good to day as it did for the Apostles of old. His thoughts went back some 45 years to May 12, 1844, when the first bishop of this see was enthroned in the humble church of St Josephs. He was a man who, by his zeal and labours had won bright laurels in his native land. Dr. Will- son, by his untiring labours to ameliorate the condition of the poor prisoners and those who were suffering from infirmity of mind had won a bright and foremost place amongst; the greatest philanthropists of the present day. He was welcomed' by two or three humble priests who had spent their lives ministering to the suffering members of the flock of Christ. The scene had changed, and that day they saw their venerable bishop surrounded by archbishops and pre- lates, and devoted priests, many of whom had come from afar to offer tributes of their affection and love to one whose virtuous and unblemished life had won for him a name high amongst Australian bishops. If asked the meaning of that scene he would again ask them to look to the source of that unity which marked their Holy Church that Church which was founded upon a rock symbolical of endurance and constancy-and, as prophesied, it had stood firm for ages, and the powers of the world had raged in vain to overcome it. The Saviour had chosen St. Peter as the rock on which His own Heavenly Church, should be built, and on the mantle of Elisha had fallen upon Elijah, sq had Christ's supreme authority been given to Streeter, making him heir to His prerogative of royal and spiritual authority, in His own Church. And that day the same mantle, " figuratively speaking,, was bestowed by the Sovereign Pontiff upon the prelate, who so wisely and so mildly ruled this portion of God's Church _- It had pleased Almighty God that those institutions which were to bear abundant fruit should be cradled in tempest and persecu- tion. He did not know that in the history of the past 18 centuries they would find a single Church that had been so 'beset with difficulties, humiliations, and hardships, than their own Australian Church. For many years no priest was allowed to visit the vast territories of the Australian continent, and, not a single priest would be allowed to come and minister to his suffering, 'co'religionist«-the consolation of the Holy faith. The first priest; (Father i Flinn), who was permitted to come, had no sooner landed than he was thrown into prison notwithstand. Urge petition signed by the leading Protestants of Sydney and returned by the, first vessel to England. Later two priests came to this vast southern world, one choosing New South Wales the other Tasmania for their labours. Father Phillip Connolly was the name of the devoted priest who came to Tasmania, and although a man of giant ¡ strength and intellect,. 110 13 years he laboured here amidst the great disabilities and hardships of the country at that time, caused his latter years to be colided with' gloom and in- firmities, but his name will never be for gotten in the Australian church. In the other colonies they had come so far as to insert in their constitution a clause forbidding the landing of J any Catholic priests. All that had, however, passed away, and yet perhaps it was the first form of persecution against which the church had to contend. The greatest difficulty, with which the Church had had to contend in this Tasmanian land, this fairest of the Australian colonies, on which nature had lavished all Its 1 chosen gifts, was that she was destined in a special way to be beset by divisions and dissensions all other such difficulties which, perhaps, more terribly affected the Holy Church than open persecution. That had now happily all melted away, and the ceremony they had that day witnessed showed the increase of faith in this diocese during the past 40 years. When Bishop Wilson was appointed to the See of Hobart, the sees of Goulburn, Grafton, and Bathurst were then only small villages, but now they were grown into important need, and their repre- sentatives had been present that day, and had taken part in the ceromony which had just been performed. It was fortunate that 'Providence had' permitted them in these colonies to be associated with an Empire that had no equal in history, whose resources, commercial and otherwise, were be great, and embracing as it did so many different places. The extension of that vast Empire opened fresh 'fields for the Holy Church tal win' now victories for en- lightenment 1fwd Christian progress, for wherever the flag of that empire had been unfurled in the colonies they saw the devoted priests following in its track and unfurling the standard of the Cross, the standard of redemption and enlightenment to now nations and new people. in the future realisation of these things, doubtless Tasmania ' would make her mark. They must pray for their zealous prelate, their devout pastor, who that day. had received from the Pontiff the special authority appointing him to rule over what was hence forth to be the Metropolitan See of. Hobart. It should be their prayer from the; time that that devout prelate might continue to lead his flocks in the paths of Christ to sanctify and instruct them how To gain some of his saintly life. It should also be their prayer that, us in the past, he would be enriched with new virtues, and that when the time came for him to receive the reward pro missed to a faithful pastor his hands-'. might -be found full of met its and virtues, and that their merits and virtues, and those crowns prepared to < reward them, should also become the inheritance of his people. In conclusion, they should also _, pray that the blessing be given to their pastor to judge all his faithful children in the name of the God of the Faithful. '' After the sermon His Eminence returned to the sanctuary, and gave his blessing from the altar. At the conclusion of the function the procession left the church as it entered, the multitude kneeling as the Cardinal passed by, he imparting his blessing to all. Immediately after the Mass, His Eminence held a levee, meeting His Excellency the Governor, the Chief Justice, and several distinguished visitors. After partaking of light refreshments in one of the halls of the convent, the whole of the clergy returned to the palace. At 3.30 in the afternoon, His Grace the Archbishop of Hobart entertained a large party, numbering between 40 and 60, in the large, handsome schoolroom of the convent, During the proceedings, Dr. Doyle, Bishop of Grafton, mentioned a singular coincidence. The reverend doctor said he was born three years after Dr. Murphy was made a Bishop. He was born in the same parish, received communion in the same church, and the church was erected chiefly at the expense of Dr. Murphy's father. Fri The following is the full list of prelates and priests who were in the sanctuary with His Eminence The Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, Archbishop of Hobart ; the Most Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Archbishop of Adelaide; the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulbourn ; the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst ; the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of Grafton ; the Very Rev. Father Sturtzo, Superior ' of the Jesuits in Australia ; the Very Rev. Father Hegarty,, Vicar Foran, v St.' Kilda, Victoria; the Very Rev. Dean O'Connell, Sydney. The following priests belonging to the Tasmanian diocese were also present The Very Rev. Dean Woods, Hobart; the Very Rev' Dean. Beechinor, a 18 bits % 'Kinsella . . <\- . ° / ' ! 6gllll!l,i(i owT ... Aji J'" t-^riillifia smile . due Launceston; the Rev. Annaeacoif Hogan, -Westbury.; fish Very Rev, Father Noone, Latrobe ; the Very Rev. Father Gleeson, Hobart; fovV^ToVn^MtíFpnV, Franklin; Rev. M. - [ O'Callaghan, Emu Bay ; Rev. Joseph A. Sheehy, Hobart ; Rev. J. Holehan, Port Cygnet ; Rev. P. R. R. Hennebry Hobart ; Rev. J. Feehan, Oatlands, Rev. T. Kelsh, Hobart ; Rev. M. J. O'Regan, Hobart ; Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan, New Norfolk; LeRoy. B. Murphy, Hobart, In addition to the above the Cardinal's secretary, the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, was present, and acted as Master of Ceremonies at the Throne, the Rev. T. Kelsh taking charge of the general ceremonie of the Mass. " The following comprised the orchestra ; Loader, Mr. J. Brown ; second violins, Messrs J. Crooks and T. Waites ; flute, Mr. G. Sharp ; cornet, Mr. J. Needham ; bass, Mr. Pitman ; organist, Miss Shields. The music rendered was the Processional March j Farmer's Credo ; Mozart's Agnes Dei at the offertory Kingarelh's Landale tenor solo and chorus, and the Te Deum. The soloists were Misses Bingham and Thornton, and Mr. Johnson, the latter singing the solo part in the Laudate, The choir was strengthened for the occasion by some of our leading local amateurs, and under the able conductorship of Mr. J. R. McCann, ' i performed the important part they took tin' | the ceremonies with precision una marked 'success <. '1,1 At 7 p.m. solemn pontifical vespers were celebrated the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of Grafton, officiating. His Eminence Cardinal Moran again occupied the throne, the Archbishop of Hobart occupy- ing a throne immediately opposite, and to his left were seated all the other prelates and dignitaries. The deacons at the throne were the Very Revs. Dean' Beechinor, of Launceston, and Archdeacon Hogan, of Westbury. The chanters of vespers were the Rev. J. A. Sheehy, and the Very Rev. Father Hagerty, of St. Kilda, Melbourne, wearing copes and Stretta. At the conclusion of vespers the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst, wearing" his episcopal robes, preached a most eloquent, and practical dis- course of the festival of the day, the least of the patronage of St. Joseph.' After the sermon, the Cardinal was Vested again in cope, mitre, and( crozier and,- gave the solemn benediction of the most holy Spero; ment, being assisted on this occasion by the Revs. Fathers Bernard, Murphyjujd,,T. M. O'Callaghan. The masters of, ceremonies were the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran (the Cardinal's secretary) and the Rev. Father Kelsh. The choir, under Mr. McCaw again supplied most appropriate music, and during benediction Heminel's "O'aalutare's,"¡was sung by Mr. J. Mulhall ,, a ,, ( 1 fire is lit 