f gg ignei&iif; . ' Why, Mrs. Hashhouse, you surprise me ; I never saw wine on your table before. Is it a . regular attribute of your dinner service ?' ' Well, really, Mr. Slowpay, I can hardly promise you that. You see I have an idea that wine, if chosen to fit an emergency, may stimulate in a special direction.' ' Ah, ves, I see. Then you think I need stimulating ! Very thoughtful of you, in deed. And this wine you have chosen for is a — a — a Bordeaux?' 'Precisely, boardowe, Mr. Slowpay. Do you absorb ?' Mrs. Frame received a visit the other day from Mrs. Carruthers, the minister's wife, and the hostess was just congratulating the wife on her husband's pulpit powers when the cries of the baby were heard from upstairs. Presently the eldest sister of the infant came into the room. 'Is baby crying, my dear?' said Mrs. Carru thers to the little, girl. 'Yes; it is such a bother,' returned the young minx, with all the air of a fashionable lady. ' Your babies don't bother you much, 1 know.' ' No,' exclaimed the minister's wife, laughing. ' How do you get such a good opinion of my babies ?' ' Oh, it's mamma's,' said the little girl, frankly. ' She says Mr. Carruthers can put any one to sleep in five minutes.' A wretched-looking tramp went into an Austin saloon and begged with tears in his eyes for the barkeeper to give him a nickel with which to get something to eat. He got it. As soon as he got it in his hand he slapped it down on the bar and said, in a loud, vociferous, peremptory tone of voice, 'Beer!' It was several minutes before the barkeeper could catch his breath, and then he was eloquent. ' Well, if that ain't gall I hope I may never live to see any. Why, you — you — you, &c.; ' 'No speeches. Begging is my business and beer-jerking is yours. Just you attend to your business and I'll attend to mine. It i3 going to be a cold winter, and if you want to keep your job you had better attend to it,' said the mendicant. The partially paralysed bar keeper handed out th» schooner, the tramp downed it slowly and drifted out, perfectly satis fied with that little business transaction. A young masher walking up and down the plat form of a railway station with a companion who had come, to see him off observed two handsome girls enter a first-class carriage. ' Look here,' he said to his companion, who did not pay much attention to his dress, ' I'll get into that same com partment, and I'll tell you what 1 want you to do. When the train is about to start, you come up and touch your hat, and say to me, 4 My Lord, the dogs 'and guns are in the van. ' ' His companion smiled assent, but said he doubted if he could do it with the air of a nobleman's servant. The masher took his seat with a lordly air in the same carriage with the young ladies whose interest he wished to excite. The moment arrived when the train began to move, and his companion came up to the carriage window. 'Jack,' he shouted, ' tell your master to be sure to send those trousers of mine by Saturday !' the young masher having to reconcile himself as best he could to being regarded as a tailor's apprentice, At Greensboro they pointed out an old darkey who they said had just got married aud was going out on a piece of rented land to make a start in life. I followed him out to his cart, to which was hitched an old and faded ox. His bride, a coal black damsel of 18, sat on a bag of corn in the cart, and held to the rope lines around the ox's horns. The cart contained, in addition, a skillet, a kettle, 101b. of side-pork, and a jug holding two quarts of mollasses. There was a tick for a straw bed, a hen's feather pillow, and an old blanket. That was the .outfit. ' So you have just got .married?' I asked. '.'Yes, eah— dun jist got married to dat gal.' ' How old are you, unc[e ?' 'Shoo, now, but I reckon Ize about 60.' 'And you' ve got a young wife ?' ' Yes, sab—dun got a gal.' ' And are you happy ?' 'Happy, sah! Why, Ize walkin' light on aigs all de time?' ?'And you are now, going out to make a start in life?' 'Yes, sah— g wine to start xight off. Got de ox, got die cart, got de ' gal; . and got two hull weeks' pur vishunB, an' if dar's any ole niggef ih Norf Caroliny who feels mo' like jumpin' to' feet high aii' ydlin' for Caanan dan I does I'll gin two bits.to see him.' : V-. ? - In a Scottish seaport town, spine years agpj . the minister was temporarily laid wide by indispoii-'; tion, and his duties were discharged by a young ' clergyman, eon of a neighbouring minister, .lirhp' ako.- occasionally filled the pulpit. Thisybiuij| ? gentleman was very fond of astonishing the hatafes . ' by introducing apprpximations of Anglican -fornix , or worship, which were not ? particularly retislj&d; - by the bulk of the congregation. ;On oneticcjisio'nj at the close of the service, intitnhtion was given from the pulpit that if any members of the congre gation wished the minister to visit them, by : mating their desire to the ' sacristan,' the 'miplstejv would be happy to comply with their request, '. The following day the beadle, being considerably' chaffed about his new title, and being very inu^h' displeased with the stjrle of conducting ; the' services, determined to bring the young to book. 'Man,' said he, 'what kindo' wye is, yon to gang on i' the poopit, ca'in* folk names/' ; . ' Calling folk names ! eaid the minister. ' What ' names was I calling r' ' Ye ca*d me a « sarkipjiah - but, man, it's no wyselike, an* if you're np gaun I to behave better I'll tell yer auld faither on ye the j very first time he comes doon here to preach.' There is a younf, man in the West End who threatens to rival Ben Hopkins as a manipulator of the spirits. He went out calling the 'other eyening on a very beautiful, young-lgiri, with dreamy eyes, and a most Jdssable mouth. After engaging in earnest and thrilling conversa tion for something like ah hour, he discovered that she was inclined to believe in spiritualism. : . ' So do I,' said the youth. ' What do you Bay. to a little seance?' Miss Dreamyeyes was willing, and a table was prepared. The lights wer£ then turned down, and the two young people sat at the table neat one another in the semi-darkness. The spirits talked readily, and said some very interest ing and curious things. Pretty soon the young man said in a low, solemn voiced to the attendant spirit— the girl's grandfather — ' Don't you think this_ is a beautiful young girl here with me?' u Yes,' rapped the spirit. ' She is very lovable, is she not?'' '\cs,' replied the ghost of her grandfather, y Do you blame me for wanting to iiiss her?' ' Xo.' '? May I kiss her f'! ' Yes,' came from the departed ancestor. How could she disobey the voice from the grave ? The spirit was forgotten, and the young people sat on the same chairjn the darkness murmuring to one another softly. 