HUMOUR. Writer's cramp is generally a cramp for funds. A baby always helps to make home happy —particularly when the baby is asleep. Night Drug Clerk (2 a.m., with glaring eyes)—Well? Customer—No; sick! St. Louis boasts of a dwarf barber less than four feet high. He must be a little shaver. A Rochester cat gets drunk on beer, which proves beyond a doubt that beer will intox-a- cat. 'Sad about Cholly, wasn't it? Got his canehead in his mouth, you know, and couldn't get it out.' 'How much was it worth?' A good start.—'Do de child talk, Missus Parkus?' 'Wa-al, only pa'tly; he mek de sounds, but kain't fo'm de wuds yit.' Elderly Gent—I am eighty years old, young man, and I don't recollect ever telling a lie. The Young Man—Well, you can't expect your memory to be altogether reliable at that age. Rescuer (to man he had just cut down)— The boys lynched yer and left yer for dead, did they? Well, how do yer feel now? Half hanged Man—Quite unstrung. A Kansas City Marshal has pssed the fol- lowing proclamation: 'All pursons as own dogs are hereby certified that sed dogs is in- debted to this sity in the sum of one $, and if they don't pay will be persecuted to the fullest extent of the constitootion, this means bizness. Sity Marshal.' Teacher—Johnny, what are the duties of a foreign minister? Johnny—To preach to the heathen, and to keep out of the soup. Jim—Miss Debowncer loots well in a rid- ing habit. Gus—Yes, but she would look better, if she would only get into a habit of riding well. Colonel Thomas Gharst of Indiana drank a pint of whisky containing an ounce of quin- ine, the other day. He is now Colonel Thomas Ghost. BOB, THE GOOD BOY. 'I'll never use tobacco, no; It is a filthy weed. I'll never put it in my mouth,' Said little Robert Reed. 'I'll never use tobacco, no; It's use all woe begets. I'll scorn the weed in every form, I'll just smoke cigarettes.' An independent old lady, speaking of Adam's naming all the animals, said she did not think he deserved any credit for naming the pig. Any one would know what to call him. Italian Decoration.—'I don't care very much for the frieze, but I'd like a dago. What have you in the way of dagos?' And the wall-paper man went into the back room and had a fit. Pat—If put my money into the savings bank, when can I draw it out again? Jim— Oh, if you put it in to-day you can get it out to-morrow by giving a fortnight's no- tice. Arizona boasts of a woman who 'can drive a nail with a bullet at forty yards.' When Arizona can produce a woman able to drive a nail with a hammer at a distance of one foot, without wounding her fingers, it will have a curiosity worth boasting about. Managing Girls.—First Dame—So all your daughters married rich? How did you manage it? Second Dame—From the mo- ment they were big enough to understand anything I kept dinging into their ears all sorts of warnings against the folly and wickedness of marrying for money. Mrs. Testy (looking up from the paper)— Isn't this strange? A Californian, after a fit of illness, was absolutely unable to re- member his wife, and did not believe she was the one he married. Mr. Testy—Well, I dunno. It's pretty hard work sometimes for a man to realize that his wife is the same woman he once went crazy over. Miss Kate Field—I have called to see the religious editor. As the great American champion of Californian wines, as a solution of the Temperance problem, I sent him a case of the wines, with a request for a strong ar- ticle on the subject in the religious depart- ment, but the article has not appeared. Office Boy—No, mum; he's drunk yet.' 'How did you find society out in Chicago?' 'Oh, there's a good deal of it there. But they have strange ways.' 'How so?' 'Well, if a man goes to an evening party and keeps his coat on the entire evening, the company concludes right away that his shirt is in the wash.' 'You are Mr. Quezeen, the husband of the celebrated lecturess on cookery, are you not?' 'Yes, sir,' replied the dejected hollow-eyed man, 'I'm the man she tries her new dishes on. Mistress—Mary, have you made the dress- ing for the turkey? Mary—Sure, ma'am, an' I've made his pants, but I'm having hard work wid his coat, for it's no samestress I am at all, at all.' 'Young men believe in nothing, nowadays,' says Mrs. Ransbothom, with a deep sigh. 'Why, there's my nephew, Tom, who was brought up as a Christian, and now he's an acrostic. Cynical Dentist—Well, how do the teeth work? Patient—Not very well. They seem to cut the others. Cynical Dentist—That is perfectly natural. They belong to an entirely different set, you know. Not a Match—'I—aw—wahnt a tie, doncherknow, to match my eyes.' 'Let me see! Blue eyes and—er—sorry, sir, but our blue ties with red edges are all sold. Have some in next week.' McCrackle—I suppose that orchids are the most costly of plants. I see that sometimes as much as a thousand dollars is paid for one. Cumso—Oh, no; they are not the costliest. I have known mining plants to fetch a dozen times that sum. Answered at Last—We have received the following in a perfumed, square envelope. If the Author will acknowledge it we'll sym- pathize with her: Sally—Why is marriage a failure, George? George—because the bride never marries the best man. Dr. Swell—You must take a trip abroad and remain away a year. Patient—Thunderation man! I can't do that. It will cost too much. Doctor—Very well, you can stay at home and I'll visit you every day and try to pull you through. Patient (reflectively)—Don't men- tion it, Doctor. I hadn't thought of that. I guess I'll go abroad. Secrets of Greatness—Ambitious Youth— Father, I am unwilling to go through life a nobody. I wish to leave a name. I long to breathe the sweet atmosphere of fame. I am resolved to become great. Will you ad- vise me? Wise Father—With pleasure. The foundation of greatness is a good education. A. Y.—I am laying it. W. F.—Next, you need industry and good habits. A. Y.— Yes. What else? W. F.—Always be po- lite to newspaper men. 