Wild Margaret. CHAPTER XXV. ' Not in bed j'et. You ladies arc as dissipated as we men.' ' Yos. tliir' is dreadful dissipation, is- it. not ?' sho retorted inmiciilly. ' Yi.u look tirud,' lie said. ' Violet, I don't think this air .suits \T. Ml ? ' Slio l.-iiitjlioil sarcastically. ' Really you ;iro too transparent. lUniv Iiu.s bt;en telling you I want a ehunire and you can't summon up courage to tell me so openly. What ou wards men are.' Austin Ambrose's pale face Hushed. Was it fated that chance should help him sit every move of his gaine ?' ' Blair h;vs not been speaking to me, he said. 'But all the same I think you .should go away, both ol you. lie looks bored, don't you think ; rather off tone ? ' ' No, I don't think — I am sure,' she retorted. ' Leyton never is very good in the winter, I belie. vo,1 lie said hastily. 1 What do you say to — Naples for instance ?' ' What do you say ?' sho respon ded, her keen vyus seeking liis fixed steadily upon smiie point above her head. ' That is the question, be cause whatever place you say will doubtless be the one selected. I wonder why you take such an interest in us both?' and her eyes grew as hard as steel. He laughed softly, and his hand, re.sting on the head of the couch, just touched her hair as if by stcci .deut. * Oh, an old friend ? ' She laughed, a little incredulous laugh. ' Even that does not explain it. It is a riddle that has occurred to me very often lately, but I can't even guess at it.' ' I' will tell you some day,' he said smiling. ' And I can say that you would like ^Naples V 'You cat) say that I am pining for it, that it is the one desire of my heart, that I shall die if I'm not taken there at once ? ' His face contracted suddenly. 'Don't jest on such a gruesome top'.c,' he said. 'Joking apart, I will venture to prophecy that you will be happier at Naples than you have ever been in your life. It is so warm there.' ' Even that will not be wonder ful, she retorted ; then suddenly her voice changed, and she looked up at him almost fiercely. ' Do you think it will bu warm enough to thaw Blair's heart? Austin', will he n'kver forget that girl ? Oh, Heaven, how I hate her.' ' Hush,' he said, in a low voice. ' You forget — the dead.' 1 No.' she retorted,' the two bright soots burning fiercely on her cheekb, her eyes glittering like dag ger points ; ' I hate her more uow she is dead, for if she had lived he would have tired of her, but now she comes between us like a ghost ; and you cannot got rid of that for me. even you, clover as you are, Austin.' CHAPTER XXVI. A month later, the sun, which in England was shining with a sickly affectation of geniality, was pouring a flood of warmth and light on every house and (street in NapleR. In the bay the sea shone a sheet of dazz ling blue, rivalling the cloudless sky, which seemed to, smile as though in scorn of the 'winter as an impossibility. In the streets the flower girls tripped to and fro, and the beggars, whose name is Legion, lay stretched on the warm pave ment and in an Elysium of idleness. Colour, warmth, /brightness were all there, not in niggardly patches, but in la\ish profusion, and in no spot of the enchanted city more profuse than in the palace, in which resided the Earl arid Countess of Ferrers ; for to Naples they had come, and, needless to say, Ifr. Austin with them. But though he had prophesied that Violet should be happier there than she had everbeenj hisprophecy had not yet fulfilled itself, for even tiie N'iples' sun could not thaw 3Jlair'& heart, and, as in England, there was still that weary, absent expression in his face, which pro claims the man to whom life has bo conie joyless and hopeless. Of all the noble palaces which the Nuiipolituns so cheerfully let to tho. Eiiylish visitors, tho palace Austin Aoibroso had choRen was the most sumptuous ; and if rooms which emperor* might have dwelt in, and ?surroundings .vhich would have inspired a poet, could have made a woman happy.then Violet Countess, of Ferrers should have been the most beatified of her sex. But on this glorious evening in Spring, slu: was lying on her couch on the bal cony overlooking the bay. with the same restless fire in her eyes, the old red fever spots on her cheeks. Leaning over the balcony was Mr. Austin Ambrose, attired in a spot less linen suit, with a cigar between his lips, and his eyes keenly noting the passers by in the street beneath him. ' What are you starting at ? Have you become suddenly dumb V exclaimed Lady Violet, with irrita bility. ' I was looking at the beggars, he taid, with a patience in iharknl eon tiyist to her itiifvttmuce. ' Naples is the pnrndisi! of the mendicant. Shall I v. heel you nearer the bal rony ? — you would find them very amusing.' ' No, thanks,1 she retorted. ' Misery neither interests or amuses me. Where is Blair ?' lie shrugged his shoulders with a touch of impatience closely resem bling hers. ' He is out, wandering about the bills as usual, I suppose. Do you want him ?' ' No,' she said sullenly. ? And if I did ? ' ' Oh, I would fetch him for you,' be said, with quiet irony. ' I am pour slave, and live only to gratify your every wish. Say the word, md I will sally forth and broil my self in search of him ; but seriously, if he came, I doubt whether you would find it more amusing.' ' No,' she said, almost to herself, 1 no.' ' Come and look at the beggars,' he said again, and he wheeled the couch close to*the balcony. She looked over listlessly. 1 They are not amusing, she com plained, shrugging her shoulders. ' At any rate they are a study,' he said. ? There are beggars of every nationality under the sun, I should think, ptrange'how easy it is to distinguish them even through their rags. There is the Neapoli tan, for instance, that old man there with the boy ; and there is a Sjianiard, and there are two Freuch raen, and thera is an English girl—' he stopped suddenly, and let his uigar fall to the ground. ' What is the matter ?' she isked. ' The matter V he said, turning ivith a smile, though his face wore a strange expression. ' What do you nean V ? ? ? * Why did you start as if you had seen a ghost V ' Oh, come ; you are fanciful this evening,' he retorted laughing. ' But you did start,' she persisted listlessly. * Ir'tiever contradict a lady,' be 3aid lightly. ' But, believe me, the movement was unconscious,' and lit took out his cigar-case, and languid ly chose a fresh cigar ; but as he did bo: he leant over the balcony, and keenly scrutinised the crowd be beneath ; for that which had caused him to. start, and drop his cigar, was the form of someone who bore a strange likeness to Lottie Belvoir, '. The girl was not amongst thie long file of beggars making their way towards the cathedral, but was walking, by herself,.. a thin shawl drawn round her, after the fashion which ?'pertains- to -Englishwomen, not so nirich warmth as a cloak for a jworn and ragged dress. Mr. Austin, Asibrose looked in the direction thegiri had taken, but she had, dissappeared, probably up one of the narrow streets, and smil ing at the fancied resemblance, he smoked on comforJtably and devoted his attention W:th# *rowd/ Pres ently a servant came from1 the room behind them, and handed a card on a salver. The countess took' it languidly. 'What a nuisance people are. Did you say that we were not at home'?''; ' 1 Yes, my lady,' said the footman ; 4 but his highness wrote on the card, my lady.' '?' (TohtCfutiwnl.) 