^Bbsai.'£Ubi0. LONDON TABLE TALK (From our Special Correspondent.) London, August 30, 1889. August, 1889, will like August, 1888, be remembered by tens of thousands of embittered holiday-makers as a wet, cold, windy, miserable month. Families at the seaside — Eastbourne, Margate, Ramsgabe, and Yarmouth — have more particularly suffered abominably. Daring the greater part of the last fortnight it blew half a hurricane from the north eaatj accompa nied by blinding storms of hail and uleeS. All out-of-door pursuits were impos sible, and the cross tourists could only sit and glower at one another in their com fortless hotels and boarding- houses. Thank goodness we have done with Mrs. 3laybrlck at last, Even the New York Herald feels that as a subject for ' copy' the case is played out, and that the sooner some fresh 'sensation' to enliven the silly season crops up ths pleasanter It will be for all parties. Albert Brierley left for America on Thursday a broken, ruined man. Hla brother and sister-in-law saw him off, and appeared to have some difficalfcy in cjm forting the poor fellow. Fortunately the few people on the Liverpool landing stage who recognised him had the grace not to evidence the fact, and the sad little party were allowed to pasB onto the tender in peace. The prolonged deliberations of Mr. Matthews over the Maybrick verdict ware, 1 am told on the authority of an Intimate friend who dined with the Rome Secre tary on Saturday evening and talked over the whole affair, caused by the inexplicable weakness of Sir James Stephen, who would give no definite opinion on the case, but Btmply repeated over and over again that the summing- no was a fair anmrnliw. pp. In thlB dilemma Mr. Matthe tva called in the Lord Chancellor, who expressed himself at first dead against meddling with the verdict. After hearing Drs. Steveneon and Tidy, however, Lord Hals bmy somewhat modified his opinion. Beth were distinctly of opinion that arsenic had been administered to Me. Maybrick, bat neither would swear that he died from it. There was just a tiny scintilla of doubt on this nice point, and of it the Home Secretary gladly availed himself. The Crown official who visited Liverpool to collect any scraps of evidence that might have been overlooked in the excitement of the trial, did not suc ceed In eliciting a single point favorable to the convicted wooiaa. On the other hand, however, he examined Mra. Maybiick'e mother, and soon discovered why the defence had not elected to call that talkative and hope lessly indiscreet lady. The baroness's conversation waB to the effect that Florrie was perfectly innocent, poor darling, and even If she wasn't, James Maybrick ivas a brute, and deserved his fate. 'As for that Mia. Brigga coming meddling in other people's business, she'd no patience with her. Everything would have been all right but for her. If there really teas any arsenic In the foods and medicines, which she (the baroness) would never believe, it was far more likely Mrs. Biiggs or that sly cat Yapp put it there than poor dear Florrie.' Another witness, whom It was said the defence should have called, proved to be a semi cracked old maid called the Hon. Pauline Cranstone, who swore Maybrick had con sulted her about his horoscope some years back, and in numerous letters confessed to taking arsenic with every meal. Arsenic, in fact, waB the deceased's regular food and Invariable tipple. The Bin. Pauline knew it, she was sure of it. He had told her bo again and again. The letters, of course, had most unfortunately been destroyed. Taia dauntless lady deluged poor Mr. Matbhawa w ith letters, and for three whole ~diys literally blockaded the Home Ofiise, re -feeing fo leave until informed her victim had fled by a side door. Mies Cranstoua even visited Liverpool, armed with a large loaf of bread for the prisoner, and swooped down on the Baroness von Roqae, whom she speedily talked into hysterics, and then left in order to give Mrs. BrJggs 'a piece of her mind.' Mrs. Maybrick has been removed to MI1I ba&k.; The chaplain at Walton Bays she does not seem to realise the long, dreary, convict life before her aa yet. A few people are still agitating for a pardon, but the movement has lost its vitality. The nine days' wonder is over. Every one now talks of the great strike, and In a very few days public interest in the central figure in ' The Great Liverpool PolEODiBg CaEe ' will ba as moribund as Queen Anne herself. Sara Bernhardt would not be Sara Bernhardt if she could have bnried Pamala in an ordinary commonplace manner. Naturally there had to ha something morbid and ouirc about the obsequies. One reads that to costume the deceased in gala attire (ic, dress clothes) seat him upright in an armchair, and then kneel around praying and bim icg incenee, is in strict accordance with the custom of the Greek Church, arid waB therefore essential In the case of Damala. Still, it seems hard to Imagine a woman who really loved him assisting at such gruesome ceremonies. But then Sarah is a genius and must not, I suppose, be judged by ordinary canoas. danger's Circus used to be known all the woild over, so that the death of hale old Geo. Sanger, at the advanced age of 76, m»y be worth -a line. Latterly he ccaecd peregrinating with his show sava in the Englieh provinces, and settled down at ABtley's (rechratened Saoger'e), In the Westminster Bridge-road, where his[Chiii:tmas pantomimes became famous. Old George leaves a numerous family to carry on the traditions of Sanger's. Another veteran I must not forget to mention who has recently gone aloft at a ripe old age is Madam Puzzi, or ' Mama' Puzzi as generations of Italian opera singers have called her. Emma Puzzi was herself a prima donna known to fame in early youth. Subsequently she and her husband taught singing In Lon don, and turned out many noted voci lists. She really was a sort of mother to many an irresponsible Italian tenor. Giu&llni; (the saver-voiced) worshipped Mama PnzzI, and sent for her whenever his amourettes became too much for him. Those who care to know more of this re markable woman should read Mapleson's 'Memoirs,' which teem with reminis cences of her. The American ' Biffleuse,'1 Mrs. Shaw, appeared for the first time in public in England on Monday at her Majesty's promenade concerts. She has, o! course, performed on many occasions seml publlcly (at the Lyric Club, the Grosvenor, the Gardenia, and similar resorts), but this was her first genuine debut before the great P.P. (paying public.) A great BUCcesB resulted, Notwithstanding the immensity of the house Mrs. Shaw's whistle rang out sweet and clear as a flageolet, and the audience behaved as though they could never have enough of it. The fair Blffleuse was twice encored, and then recalled again and again. She declined to do any more at the moment, but gracefully indicated that after wetting her whistle In the green-room ahe . would reappear later. The Kendals are, I hear, by no means certain of a cordial receptionln the States. The fair Madge's ill-advised animadver sions on Yankee interviewers 'and re porters have given great offence ; In fact it is said tie maligned pressmen are thirst Ing for revenge. If »o, I pity poor Mrs. Kendal. '?: ? ' ' - The rage for certain first editions seems rather on the Increase than tie decrease. \- At Sotheby's last weei ^s^uia^4^^' 'Second Funeral of Napoleon' Iwid ~ 'Chronicle of ike Drum! 'fetched ;-?£&££. wfcifct a t*ria!nly;,*p«aeBs -/-(Hife* -i Twist' realised £32, and & beautifully dean 'David Gopperfield, ' la parts, £9. Daring the coming publishing eeuou the famouB old firm of Longmans (gene rally first in the field with their announce ments) will Issue three new volumes of the popular ' Badminton Library,' viz., «« Fencing,' ' Riding,' ' Yachting,' and ' Golf ;' also Sir J. WiUoughby's 'Travels and Experiences whilst after Big Game in South Africa;' 'The Skipper in Arctic Seas,' by the author of that clever little book, ' Three In Jforway ;' 'Russia in Asia In 1888,' by Hon. Geo. Oarzon; and the following novels : — ' Such la I/lfe,' by May Ken dall ; «* Wild Darrio,' by H, Herman and Christie Murray ; and 'Gobe or Shamo,' by G A. Murray. .That a large number of English folk must read Tolstoi nowadays is evident from the fact that Walter Scott's new edition of the Russian's works sells largely, although Vizetelly published fchem nearly all previously at much the Eame price, I confess the only one I could Btand at all was t: Anna Karenena,' and a little of that goeB a long way. Ib3an is much mere comprehensible. By the way, if you care to appreciate the Norwegian read the Rev. Philip Wickstead's article on his latest work in the August Content ?pca'&ry.; It quite converted me. London, September 6, 1889. The str&e;, which has already cost Lou don a million and a half of money, still continues, and at the time of writing there seems small prospect of a satisfactory ieene. This morning's Telegraph devotes a gloomy article to calculating the price which the Btrlke has cost the various parties concerned. It says: — 'Roughly speaking, the loss In wages alone in the East-end, the south-east district, and along the banks of the river during the three weeks which the strike has lasted, may be put at £200,000. Men who were formerly able to take that aggregate to their homes have for 21 days taken nothing, relying for their subsistence upon the contributions of trade organisa tions and the offerings of chari table sympathisers. Landlords have been unable to get their rents. The small shopkeepers with whom the laborers deal suffer equally from the absence of com, and at the same time are compelled to keep on supplying email quantities of goods in order to retain their customers when work is resumed. The dock companies are natu rally enough averse to make known what the strike has really coBt them ; but, between the loss of revenue from dock dues leviable from their regular customers, the expenses they have been put to in gettirg a few men Into the docks and keeping them there, and the permanent charges of salaries with no revenue coming In, their dead loss cannot be much less than £100,000 all round, while the pro spective detriment caused by the shifting of trade, which has already begun, cannot be even estimated. The loss to the ship owners and merchants is even larger. la the case of large Efceamship companies, like the Peninsular and Oriental, the Brltbh-Indla Company, the Orient Line, Donald Currie & Co., the New Zealand Shipping Company, and Shaw, Savill, and Co., who load their own steamers for their own account, all the losa caused by the delay falls npon them direct. Many of the reaEels have been lying idle for weeks, and only by the greatest and most expen sive exertions have they been able to get ready the steamers which it was absolutely necessary should be dispatched. To them the inconvenience of the strike Is becom ing unbearable, as they cannot get their chips now in dock unloaded. Cargoes are waiting to be sent abroad, bnt they cannot be put on board. The ships are lying as unprofitable as toys, each coating Its pro prietors at' the rate of £4 or £5 per hoar. There are at present distributed among the various docks— East India, West India, Tilbury, London, St. Katharine, Royal Victoria and Albert, Itllwail, the Surrey Commercial, and the Regent's Canal — no lees than 400 vessels, ranging from tiny craft of 53 tons to huge steamers like the Orninz of 6,185. Most of them are large, and only twoor three are described aa 'lying np.: It Is, of course, difficult to get at what would have been the precise earn IngB of this huge fleet had it been fully employed instead of being docked. Bear in mind also that the majority of these ships have considerable expenses running even though they are idle. Their engines have to be kept in working order, their crews have to be paid, and their stores kept up. The loss caused to the ship ping trade alone from the non- employ ment of carrying power — not only in the docks, but in the river— is not less than £650,000.' The Lord Mayor returns to day to the Mansion House, and It is hoped that he may be able to effect terms. The few bystanders at Lime street station last Friday morning who caught a glimpse of a brlBk, alert looking woman in prison dresB, who looked curiously around as she walked from the waiting room to the train between two female warders, found It difficult to believe that this could be the ' mentally and physic ally broken' Mrs. Maybrlck. Oddly enough one of the prisoner's former friends happened to be going to town by the same train. She instantly recognised him with a bow and smile, and when the unfortunate man stood rooted to the spot with surprise and dismay, not knowing what to do, tried hard to catch his eye again. The warders, however, objected to this, and the Instant the trio entered a second-class carriagethe blinds weredrawn. A week ago the Baroness von Roque solemnly vowed she would never leave England till her Florrie was free. Never theless, withcharacberistic inconsequence, abe departed for Paris yesterday. Mrs. BriggB has had to leave Liverpool, and the three servants at Battlecrease House for a long time found It impossible to obtain situations. At last a philanthropic lady engaged Yapp, and places were found for the cook and housemaid in Manchester. Mr. Michael Maybrlck has placed his brother's children In safe and suitable bands away from Liverpool, and will, for gocd and sufficient reasons it is unneces sary to enter Into, decline to hand them over to the Baroness Yon Roque unless compelled by law to do bo. The announcement of the engagement of Lord Dangan to Lady Violet Nevill, the younger of the beautiful Abergavenay twins, explains why Lord Cowley's heir threw over Miss Phyllis Broughton, and also why the family paid that Injured lady £3,000 rather than let her breach of pro mise case come to court. The bride-elect is like her sister, Lady Rose Leigh, very lovely, and as Lord Dangan has a fair share of good lookB, they will make a very handsome couple. Viscount Hinton, who has been earning a comfortable livelihood playing a piano organ, on which his name is scored in giant letters, for the last two years, was summoned and fined 40a. for being a nuisance one day last week. The new romantic and semi-historic drama, which Augustus Harris produces at DruryLane on the 21st hut, will be called 'The Royal Oak,' and divided Into four acta. Irving has returned from his annual holiday, and ' The Dead Heart ' Is now lnfull rehearsal at the Lyceum. The mise en scene, will be one of the heaviest ever known even at this house, and as usual the management are taking extra ordinary pains to have details accurate. No date has yet been fixed for the pro duction. The Haymatket version of 'Roger le Honie ' has been rather feebly christened ' A Man's Shadow.' ' Bosom Fclenda ' would have been much better. Domestic affliction seems to have marked the most genial of our low come dians for her own. Poor J. L. Toole's beloved eon, beautiful daughter, and adored wife all died within a compara tively short time, and now his elder brotfeer, Frank Toole, to whom he waff tranuiy attached, has gone aloft too.' Frank Toole wm educated ab the Oiby of London School, add succeeded his father as city toastmaster. He was a very quiet little man, but like his brother loved a joke, and never failed to put in en appear anoeon 'first nights' at King William street. Frlkell, the once-renowned conjuror and preBtidlgitateur, died, or rather pud an end to his life, at Scarborough last week in sad want and suffering. In his prime Frlkell had the genuine gift of elelght-of-hand, aa distinguished from the illusion which depends on apparatus, and was known all over the world as one of the cleverest and moBt popular magicians. Heller alone, of contemporary enter tainers, enrpaeeed him. Frlkeil made pots of money during his career, but like xnoBt of his class he failed to save, conse quently when old age robbed his hand of Its cunnlcg, and other and abler conjurors, each as Maskelyne, Ber tram, and Co., opposed him, Frikeil could not retire from work, bnt had to slave on, sinking gradaaliy lower and lower. The last stroke of ill- fortune seems to have come at the brilliant Yorkshire watering-place, where the poor old man had been performing for a few nights. Three shillings and some coppers were found on him. With this money was a pathetic scrap of paper, In which the de ceased told how he had struggled with ad versity, laboring in vain to secure engage ments, and complained particularly of a swindling agent who had defrauded him. The writer had reckoned, he added, on the Scarborough engagement to ' procure the necessaries of life,' and now his manager had decamped without paying him. On the whole, the worn-out old conjuror thought he had better play his last trick, and swallowing a little of that magic potion, laudanum, pass silently in sleep to where beyond these voices there is peace. All 'the chappies' and 'dear boys' who have given the Gaiety Theatre Its unique reputation will make a point of being In town next Saturday week, when Nellie Farren, Fred Leslie, Letty Llnd, Marion Hood, & Co. make their reap pearance on the familiar boards for the first time since their visit ' to the land of the golden fleece.' It Is sure to be a gteat, nay an historic occasion, more especially as the programme will consist of the volatile Leslie's new burlesque, ' Ruy Bias, or the Blase Roue,' a punning title that almost sets one's teeth on edge. In 'The Middleman' Mr. Henry Arthur Jones has at last justified the reputation which his friends have always claimed for Mm, and produced a thoroughly good all- round play. Whether It will prove as effective as it is at the Shafte&bury; Theatre, when played by a moderate provincial or colonial company, 1 shouldn't like to determine. One can* hardly fancy Willard's part In other hands. Suffice it to say the London per formance of ' The ' Middleman' has proved a striking and deserved success, and will nil Mr. Jno. Lart's handsome house for a good year to come. The story comes particularly apropos at this present time of Etrikes, and on the first night many of Jones's admirable, if somewhat copybooky, sentiments anent the mutual responsibilities of capital and labor were cheered to the echo. Here is a brief eketch of the plot by 'Carados': — ' Wiliard, let me tell you, represents an old pottering potter, one Cyrus Blenkarn, in the employ of Joseph Chandler, Esq., who, about the time the curtain rises on the play, Is addressing the free and in dependent electors of Tatlow, whose votes he wants to send him to Parliament, re minding them that, no matter what might happen to the British Constltooshun, they will find plenty of refreshments in the tent he has put up in his back garden. The pottery town of Tatlow and Joseph Chandler, Esq., have flourished chiefly through the inventive genius of Cyrus Blenkarn, who, In his enthusiastic devo tion to bis art, has neglected his own interests and has been the victim of the brain-suckers. He toils night and day for the realisation of his grand idea — the production of a peculiar glaze which, shall enable him to rival some ancient ware, which Is so rare as to be almost priceless. While he is toll log and dreaming his favorite daughter Mary Is seduced by his employer's son, Captain Julian Chandler, and the dis covery of the terrible truth gives him a new Incentive to work. The artist has labored for love of his art. Now he will labor for money that he may have the means to work out his revenge upon those who have done him grievous wrong. Julian, it should be said, Is quite ready to make reparation to the girl he has betrayed, and would make her his wife but for the determined opposition of his father, who desired an alliance with the family of a poor baronet, whose support he would secure in the coming election. This opposition leads Julian to resort to trickery. He pretends to assent to his father's wishes, .but being ordered abroad to join his regiment writes from Paris for Mary to meet him there and become his wife. The letter 1b intercepted and burnt by Chandler pere, and poor Mary, who will ere long become a mother, thinking herself deserted as well as betrayed, leaves her home to hide her shame, and is soon afterwards reported dead. ... Meanwhile Cyrus Blenkarn tolls on, piles on the coals while his stock lasts, and when It gives out makes fuel of the chairs and tables. He means to have that secret out of his furnace, and just as he 1b smashing the crockery that has brought him only disappointment, and is thinking of beginning all over again, he catches sight of a teapot or something of the sort he has hooked out of the fire. HIb face brightens ; his heart leaps for joy ; he utters a cry of triumph. Eureka ! Victory has come at last ; he has done the trick ; fortune is within his graep ; revenge Is at hand. Blenkarn's new teapot quickly knocks all other teapots out of the market. Rapidly he grows rich. As rapidly Joseph Chandler grows poor, and of his old servant whoBe brainB he has used for his own aggrandise ment he has to ask employment to pro vide his family with bread. More coals. * Coals of fire' Cyrus LBlenkarn used to woik out his revenge. He gets some thing of satisfaction out of these, and his virtue presently bring its own reward, for Captain Chandler returns from foreign service covered with glory for brave deeds done, and bringing with him a wife in the person of pretty Mary Blenkarn. The old potter's cup of bitterness is turned Into one of joy full to the brim and flow ing over, and the curtain falls as he takes to hiB arms the beloved daughter for whose loes he has so long and so bitterly grieved,' The consummate ease with which Chita bob won the Great Yorkshire Stakes on Thursday has brought about a revolution in the Leger betting. Supporters of the favorite are now asked to lay only a very 8n?all shade of odds, and should I'Anson's crack keep well it is quite possible that next Wednesday even money may be forthcoming on the field. There look like being from eight to ten runners for the great event, bat the general impression Is that the Issue will be between Donovan and Ohitabob. A few fancy Mr. Lowther'a Workington and the flukey Two Thousand winner, Enthusiast, but the bulk of the public is on the two favorites. Ominous rumors are afloat that Donovan has turned 'roarer,' but the ring scarcely feel as if this were the case. A fine field of 15 contested the rich Champion Breeders' Foal Stakes at Derby on Tuesday, which fell to Lord Calthorpe's beautiful filly Heresy, by Hermit out of Controversy's dam, after a fine race with Sir. De la Sue's DeareBt and Mr. Houlds worth's Alloway. The latter started favoiite at 7 to 4, whilst 100 to 8 was on offer against the wiener. In the Peveril of the Peak Stakes of 1,000 sovs., over cue mile, the enlucky Helmeley (4 yrs., \- 7 st ), a cult that has been the medium of cceh11ce3 ciifortanate plunges, at last itfiEegtd to get home first in front of Woodland,- Cheroot, and seven others. He was not a favorite, but Sherrard's fol lowers had a bit on at 7 to 1. The Port land Piste of five furlongs also fell to a 7 to 1 chance In Mr. Whittaker'e Franciscan, by Hermit— Villafranca, which beat Mon musk, Parga, and seven others. The new serial in the English Illustrated will be by no leeser person than the Earl of Lytton, and la entitled ' The King of Amaeis ' If I remember rightly ' Owen Meredith' once before essayed a novel, and It was not succeBBf ul. ' His Other 8elf,' the new 'shocker,' by Mr. E. J. Goodman, author of 'Too CurioUB' and 'Paid in His Own Coin,' is an Ingenious tale of a magic mirror acd a selfish man, on similar lines to several of F. Anstey's whimsical stories. Unfortunately Mr. Goodman has not Mr. AnBtej's lightness of touch, and in con sequence the narrative drags somewhat. It is, however, a readable shilling's worth. TillotBocs find, as you have found, that the novelist who really goes down best with the average leader of newspaper fiction is Miss Dora Russell. She has written I don't know how many stories, over a dozen certainly — and time doesn't eeem to wither nor custom stale her Infinite popularity. Miss Russell's latest serial bears the title of ' Jezebel's Friends,' and tells the old old story of an unselfish heroine sacrificing her love and marrying a man she hates in order to eave an utterly worthless Bister's good name. 'Roland Oliver,,' the short tale by Justin McCarthy just published by Spencer Blackett at a shilling, la quite unworthy the author of 'Gamlola' and ' Dear Lady Disdain, 'and must I should think be an early attempt resurrected from some forgotten drawer. It Is the story of a weak, selfish, and generally unworthy husband married to a noble and beautlf al wife. For some time the latter adores her objectionable spouse and shuts her eyes strenuously to his many vanities and weaknesses, but a fit of mad and senseless jealousy finally reveals the truth. The little book is quite readable, only not up to Justin McCarthy's ordinary level. Cassells will publish Stevenson's ' Master of Ballantrae' hi November, and have also In preparation a new story by 'Q.'(Mr. Couch), entitled 'The Splen did Spur, being memories of the adven tures of Mr. Jno. Marvel, a servant of King Charles I. ,' which It Is to be hoped will be some improvement on that melan choly piece of khumor 'Troy Town.' Talking of humor, by-the-way, reminds me of Marshall P. Wilder's 'People I've Smiled With.' One, not unnaturally perhaps, expected great things from this book. The merry little man who wrote it has again and again made us shout with laughter. This last season. Indeed, he was to be found everywhere. H R.H. smiled, and Marshall P. Wilder became the fashion. 1 fully anticipated his book would teem with good stories. It does nothing of the sort. A balder, more uninteresting narra tive I have seldom come across. The few samples of his yarns Wilder does give us are most depressing. Here are two of the best. An old darkey who was fishing had a little plccaninle standing beside him. The small chap somehow managed to stumble and fell into the foaming tide. The old darkey instantly dived after him, brought the child to land, squeezed him out, and stood him well In the sun to dry. A clergyman who witnessed the occurrence then came up. 'God bless you, noble fellow,' quoth he, ' yon saved that boy'a life.' 'Well,' said the venerable nigger, 'I didn't do dat to Babe his life ; he had my bait in his pocket.' The fol lowing is said to be one of Lionel Brough's yarns : — A man was advised by his doctor to take great care of himself. 'You must,' said the medico, ' get to bed early, eat more roast beef, eschew stimulants, go to the seaside, and smoke just one cigar a day or you won't live.' A month later patient returns looking better. ' Yes, doctor,' he said, 'I followed your advice to the letter. I went to bed early, ate lumps of roast beef, eschewed liquor, lived at the seaside, and took great care of myself, but that one cigar a day nearly killed me, for 1 never smoked before.' Wilder attributes the folio whig ' Irish man's toast to an Englishman ' to Farjeon. It rnnB thus — ' Here's to you sb good as you are, and here's to me as bad an I am ; but as good as you are and as bad as I am, I'm as good aa you are bad as I am.' Proposing the health of the Honorable Edward Everett, a cultured Bostonian, at the Beefsteak Club some years ago, the artlstStory exclaimed, 'Here's to learning when Ever-it grows,' upon which Everett Interrupted — ' ' I amend. Here's to learn ing ; whenever it rises It grows, but never above one Story.' Really neat, wasn't it ? If you have not already got it send at once to the nearest bookseller's for Jerome K. Jerome's 'Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow.' The book is not a new one, In fact the legend 'Thirty-fifth edition' on the copy before me Bhows It must have quietly attained conspicuous success. I confess to having constantly seen It on the bookstalls, but till the same author's 'Stageland' set us all off laughing I never somehow felt curious about ' Idle Thoughts.' Once one does dip Into this delightful book what treasure-trove one finds. The best paper of all I think Is ' On being In love,' though those ' On memory,' ' On being ehy,' ll On being hard up,' and 'On being in the blues' are also admirable In their way. At times Mr. Jerome'B writing reaches a very high level indeed. What, for Instance, can be better than the following passage on the subject of melancholy ?— ' George Eliot speaks somewhere of * the sadness of a summer's evening.1 Hew wonderfully true the observation Is ! Who has not felt the sorrowful enchantment of those lingering Bunsets ? The world belongs to melancholy then, a thoughtful, deep eyed maiden who loves not the glare of day. It is not till ' light thickens and the crow wings to the rocky wood' that she steals forth from her groves. Her palace is in twilight kind. It Is there she meets ub. It is there she takes our hand in hers, and walkB beside us through her mystic realm. We see no form, but seem to hear the rustling of her wings. Even in the tolling, hum drum city her spirit comes to us. There is a sombre presence in each long, dull street; and the dark river creeps ghost-like under the black arches, as if bearing some hidden secret beneath Its muddy waves. In the silent country, where the trees and hedges loom dim and blurred against the rising night, and the bat's wing flutters In our face, and the landrail's cry sounds drearily across the fieldB, the spell sinks deeper in our hearts. We seem in that hour to be standing by some unseen deathbed, and hi the sway ing of the elms we hear the sigh of dying day, A solemn sadneBs reigns. A great peace is around us. In its Ught our cares of the working day grow small and trivial, and bread and cheese — aye, and even kisses — do not seem the only things worth striving for. Thoughts we cannot speak but only listen to flood in upon us, and standing in the stillness under earth's dark'ning dome we feel that we are greater than our petty lives. Hung round with those dusky curtains the world is no longer a mere dingy workshop, but a stately temple wherein man may worship, and where at times In the dimness his groping hands touch God's.' 