» " i — The Kew Trcasnre Hnnt. J \- " " " a laakitfss OEW Efctiaw -) TowazdiUbe eailof tins mni& a Xitle ex> fettn. Sonfl«mtm oncne o i. gAW whwK far a good many year s pel noire Imt lite novelists have oi- gagedis. ftedo&i;&HLfll; the expedition u (hoc to iikbsJe too paztHwartr a taqr "fe foam of pedkms I was," mnShSb&ed; Bate ly sea tiras scd cxabs, a flbcmscal miles (g bcx fam anywhere. And iheqbjec3©£ the expedition is to search, for araat treasure of gold and jewels, which s yiend to- have been, famed on the island more than seventy jests ago. An annum so romantic, saiding us Tight bade info tiie days when -die trade routes dt the ses were marked oat by the Hood which tirepirates had spxHedon them, nppnKi AjjghtfnTynntnf keeag vi& SQSge ITI ycbkA tlw fitof3r TtTiAany or the BotUSe is the chief theatre of the treasure hauler's operations. F« fl»« is pirates' gdd that is buried in M« wnlatp ocean isle, and the prpwii'tifln that |g to sail in a few weeks' iinre will be a real treasure hsmi. Thoeisa history attached to it already, and it is ratfcsr euriou s. Let us begin with the pirates, by whom the treasure was buried. To pat cue's money by and make it breed, which ?n?UTcia people, doing a. more or less legitimate bnsmess in jgtnr-Vg aM /such tilings, consider aprudeni pohey. seems, on the whole, to hare been one "of -the most imprudent policies whsi the baaness was piracy. Wise pirate, when they had taken a goodly prize, ran with it to die nearest safe port, and iwula thonselves unrecognisably drank oil the proceeds. Unlimited ram, -and an ocea- gifmal stabbing bout, to keep their band in against .the day when business would be resumed, made the pirates as happy as they wished to be: when they had spent thsr bootv. «wd reeovsed from the delirium tremens, they went onboard again, ran up the Jt>3y Roger," and waited for another prize. The foolish prates were those who went bid their stolen talents in the earth, for so surety as they did this, the next vessA they chanced upon" was a man-of-war, which rarripd ftpm tiiW to be hanged, a dozen in a row. Deep «ntlr in many a desert isle, in many an ocean, there must be mitfinvs of paces of eight, xaaktores, and doubloons, and jewels «i precious stones galore, which the gentlemen, of fortune who hid fhffm there, and who have long since rotted in at harbour months, were never able to go back for. Hence the treasure hunts of days more enterprising ; but somehow the treasures were not unearthed. The island was found, or the spot on the mainland, but the chart was not quite correct, or not quite oxxeedy interpreted ; or provisions ran short before the booty c-ould be dug up : or a storm prevented the boats from landing ; or the crew mutinied; or the treasure - seekers quarrelled and dew each other — the spoil was never taken. The crew who laid away the loot that the new expedition, is to search for seem to have been in all respects a typical gang of sea- robbers. They ran out from Southampton about seventy years ago, in a smart schooner, excellently bail? for speed. There were "Pngiigbmnr Italians, Greeks, and s Turk — "hot boys, all on 'em ' — and the skipper went by the name of Old HsiiSre. Their ostensible busness was pahn oil and ivory, but it does not appear that either of those commodities waa ever taken cn board. They shipped a batch or two of slaves, and laid the schooner away across the Western Ocean. Fever broke out" amongst the blacks, the captain dosed them with laudanum, and the crew dropped them, overboard. When in liquor Captain HeJLSre used to take potshots at- Iris - men with, a pistoL and, as his aim. was fairly good, he succeeded at last in peppering them into a state of high mutiny. They tore against j him one night, and two of the Greeks held j him while one of the English struck him \ through the back with a steel marlinspike. He was bundled into the sea : the mate was j sent over the side after Mm : the skippers 1 murderer was voted captain, in Ms place, and j the ' J oily Roger" replaced the English. I colours at the masthead. Running south, I i hey caught a Portuguese vessel, boarded j her, drowned the crew, and emptied the ship 1 of her rich contents. There was a Jew d«aW J amongst the passengers, whose baggage con sisted chiefly of diamond and rubies, so that prize must have been worth the taking. But these pirates were foolish. They sailed with their treasure to an uninhabited island known to the captain, and there they buried it. Their luck. . however, was not yet exhausted ; they took other vessels, East Tndiamen and some smaller game, billing- all crews and passengers, and always carrying the best of the plunder to their hiding-place on the isle. It was an apt spot to receive such blood-stained booty: an utterly deso late and wholly forbidding island, unap proachable, except- with the skil fullest management of boats ; a lonely place, shaken and torn by volcanic upheavals, scarcely yielding shelter and water, and void of food for man. An ideal snuggery, however, for pirates' plunder, and fhi cat- throat crew made a fine treasure island of it, if such there ever weee. But it was a fatuous business, this heaping up of bullion »nd jewels, for the fetes were always dead against such conduct on the part of gentlemen of fortune. More knowing bandit would have run fcr the States, realised the Ewag, got fresh papas, sailed home innocently, divided up, and lived gal lantly on the shares. The spoil of the Portu guese slogp-iroiild -have made .gentlemen of thwn all tkmie of -the gang thought as lnnfihj but &e; skipperr whase cognomen was Tips, was&lways; for getting a trifle more, and he always had li29tway. And so it came about that one fair morning they sailed out to tackle an East Indiamam and were tackled themselves. It was not often that the East Tudiamen of those days showed their teeth when the crossbosres overhauled thesn. In general they were wretchedly armed with a brass swivel (never in working order), and a few cast-iron nine- pounders, all hampered up, and scarcely more serviceable than the modem British bayonet. Yet these East Tndiamen had their holds stored with fedigo and silks, and great con signments of jewels and gold for the dealers in Lenta, Fans lasbwv the Papal Stated all other European markets. For once, however, hero was "an East hdhma well. grnw aaaAtyMmwl. ; She feeed the rubbers, ran out her guns, and gave then a good-day; diot away their rudder.; spSmfered. their masts, and brought the rigging about flrir para, Then die boarded, put the shackles on the twenty jmrfw who had garrived the oigag©- iwaitj tnnir tlwm off and lugtAed thfVTl TT»fr> tyr ownhedd, wbee tirey had feme to prepare rtwfe speeches for their kst peiKe appearance in ecotiffii Dock, hiseteui of the twenty swung together on the Island of Cuba. The twentieth contrived to get Ms neck clear. in doe time mads his way fauna fat Fgh«wi He was afire a few years ago, in the N<s& Country, and may be alive to-day. At any rate, he lived kftg enough to tril Mc tale, ""I to teD. it with gusto. Hie was then ylna> upon his ninetieth year, ami his chief regret was flat he had never got money enough together to sail in a riiip of his own to the treasure island where the jewels lay h««kn. He had made careful mwiiiig charts of the navigable side of the | iriand and marked down the position of the | treasure, with good cross-beamigs. But he could sever raise EnSoait to pro- i visum so much as a fishing smack, and worked on in merchant vessels until his strength failed. In this condition he handed over to a friend his chart, cross-hearings, bimI drawings ; »d the first chapter of th romance doses here. History and fiction both seem to show that ffa chances are always against the treasure- seekers, success is asamedly far from being a certainty in the present instance. "Who. for instance, can say positively that the treasure h»g noEbeen already removed r JliBt is, however, an. unlikely assumption. Bwy there is no reason to believe that, after the nineteen pirates ware banged. tbesr secret was known to anyone ex cept- the twentieth who survived, and he ! appears to have kept ir jealousy so long as I the ghost of a chance remained to Mm of turning it to his own account. An assump tion more plausible would be, that by the operation of natural forces the treasure has ere this been, placed beyond the reach of man. Hip pumicestone and scoria cm the mountain ous volcanic rock slips steadily, and the drop- pangs of seventy years (to mention, no other possible forces) must have raised a big and solid tumhhis above the sunken hulL But tMc ja In afl likelihood tHp pfiipf danger to be anticipated, as it will furnish the chief labour to be undergone ; and with the exact bearings of the deposit in the commander's possession it should be no impossible task to reach the wreck. 