CRAMSVILLE JOTTINGS. (By a Peripatetic Rambler.) I am afraid I shall have to alter the title of my jottings very soon, and say 'Balgownie' instead. Time enough to do that when some official act stamps the fact. ' The best laid schemes a' men and mice aft gang aglee.' So it would soom so far as the ar rangements to celebrate the ' Balgownie ' Public School onenintr. bv croud itidcres said to ba tho handsomest block of Government buildings in the district, sito included. It would appear that the committee had all arrangements at th:it stage when it would be enly a matter of a few days to elapse when the grand carnival should eventual o, when lo 1 an advertisement appears in the local papers postponing it to an umnentioned date in April. But it would seem no one can tell what cause or power has been to work to fustrate the committee's deliberation. At any rate, the hon. secretary did not turn up at the laBt meeting. I can assure him he is about the best abused man in our neighbourhood at the present time. ' There is bound to bo a row ' when ho presents himself again before them. Well, I hope calmer counsels will prevail than was vented on his offending person at that meeting in his absence. It is to be hoped all will end for the best, nnd thnfc nnf.hina ivill mnr thn fi«ltthrilfcifms wllfin tllft day arrives, when everything will be in a finished state and handed over to the Government. As already announced, it is intended to make the event a 'rod letter' one in our local calondcr. In keeping with tho above, new buildings are still the order of the day. Mr. Sainuol Ray has just had a fine weathorboard cottago of fivo rooms completed. Mr. S. Findley is having a similar one erected, and the blocks are now in position for another' close by. Mr. Barrel], of Mount Keira, has entered into occupancy of his cottage-home — a woll-finished weatherboard structure. Our local baker got his first batch, of very fair quality, out during last week. Combined with this business ii a very much-nooded refreshment, room and confectioner's shop. Mr. A Long, not to bo outdone, has made a start on what promises to be a handsome and substantial residence of stone, [on concrete foundations, up on the hill-side, at an elevation enabling him to overlook us all in tho valley below. . We aro also to have a new butcher-shop shortly, and a new store on the co-operative plan, from which great things are expected. We also have our own village blacksmith hammering away. Great inquiries are afloat as to when we shall got tho post- office, and who is to koep it ; but I fear we must cxercue our patience. From some cause I oannot divine tho Good Templar Lodge is about to give up the ghost. There have been rumours of some gentlemen from Wollongong starting a Sabbath school here, in the Hall, but up to date nothing has been done practically. The secretary to the school committee announced at the lust meeting that he had succeoded in getting 10 feet of the new school ground along the lane froHtage conceded by the Minister, to widen tho lano I would suggest that steps be taken to have the whole lane widened out before tho frontages are built on, and that immediate action be taken by the Council in this matter. There is much speculation as to who will get tho Balgownie school. I beliove Mr. Pearson should have the first oall, as ho is the right man ia the light place, and a jolly good follow too. 