"EloveUst. , The Midnight Prophecy OR, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. JBy Em ma Garr ison J" ones. CHAPTER XIV. v \- " I'lIE l'LOT THICKENS. . . r. : . Sovenonks. nnd Cavondisli Manor, as :-,wo lioforo stated, were: contiguous, and. wero two -as lino .estates na tho county \- contained. Tho manor bolongod to Lady Drummond for hor Jifo-timo,' and it was hor custom to visit tlio old placo onoo or twico a yonr. It was thefoforo quite opportune that Lord Stratlispoy and his . . party woro going to Sovenoalcs, as Lady \- . Cocilm was quito anxious to mako/ono of Jior annual visits. Sho at onco caused Sir Varnoj, who was a, most dutiful and . .jr. . vohcdiont liusbnnd, to dispatch invitations . /.'v. ,: .ito their numerous' friends, to meet them : v -». at tho manor for tho shooting season/; and \- at hor suggestion tho Earl of. Stratlispoy! /. 1 ' .did . tho samo tlimg' Acooidingly, wlion . thoy roaohod tho \- oiid of their journey,, tho oaiTs party v . . - .-found a gay assoinblago of frionds nwnit- : / in-g (hull). ... v..- Wn 1110 going, to liavo a delightful j; v scnsoil," remarked, Lady' Druinmond, ."and yon may lhaiikmo for it, luylord j v you and hir Varnoy would liavo inopod jlniro all nlono, and popped your solitiuy v giins, if I had not coino to tho roscuo, jilaU aro so absurdly stupid I" Sly lady showed hor .wliito tooth in a r flashing snulo, ns tho carl handed her .into a carriage that was to convoy hor to lilio munor, and put out hor white jowol- lod hand to bid him farowoil. ; " I slinll ospoct to soo a gront deal of you at tho manor," sho said, adding, with a pooillinr look ill hop oyC3 nnd a faint suggestion of rogrot .iu hor voico ; " you I used to liko tho innnor yo.ira ago." " And 1 liko it yot," ropliod tho onrl, I gallantly ; "and shall certainly avail you'll not wait to bo invited to Sovononks you and Sir Varnoy." . Tho plonsant, good-nnturcd, unsus picious baronet bowod; wliilo his hushing : / lady replied : ' r \ "Not I, my lord- oarl ; I always go V- whorover I ploaso, and it will certainly. \ ploaso 1110. to corno to Sovdnoaks. - But Tvo fallen into shocking -habits of lato ; you know how I giillop? Well, I shoot, .too I shoot pheasants, my lord 1" . Tho oarl did raiso his oyobrows in woll brod surprise, and tlio" gay couhtcas -.Broke into a. ringing laugh. > ".And I follow tlio hounds;" sho con- ilmuo'li and indulges in all manner of V , masculine plonsunes, Sir Varnoy like. -it, '"butybunvo shocked; my lord ' Sir Varnoy Biniled iiidulgontly on the 'bow itching creature who horo his namo ' . mnd title, "and- -'Lord' Strathspey protested tgsllaiilly that nothing lier ladyship i-qjlensod to do could shook liim, 615 Monnivliilo, tlio countosB mid hor two children,- and' their two nufses,.. waited patiently in tlio Sovenonks' carriiigo, Colonol Chudloigh. nnd his wifo. and several othor frionds having drivon on ahead. "How my Lord Stratlispoy do admiro Lady Drummond," whisporod Lola to Judith, with a peculiar expression in hor black oyes. . ' : . Judith gnvo hern nudgo. " Why don't you hush 1" sho said, "and tend to Lord Angus. Ho'a tearing tho trimming from hiB coat." . Bur Lola was not to bo siloncod. "Only watch liim, Judith," oho con tinued, iu a loud whispor; "liis very eyes dauco as ho looks at hor 1 And sho bo a very lovely woman, my Lady Drum mond. What a pity tlio countoss ain't liko her." Will -you hold your tonguol" re turned 'Judith, gathering Lady Pearl in her arms dud moving to tho opposito aidol ' ' 11 How. navnrrn vnli nrn. tn ho Rllrn " continued Liiia; "t'ain't no harm I'm say ing, I'm sure, and ovcryono knows it. Tiio coaoiiman was spoaking about it last night, and ho says tha; tho oarl and Lady Drummond used (0 bo lovers, and tlial— " "Shut up, I say!" snapped' Judith, her brown oyos fairly blazing, for, glano- ing over at lior mistress, who rcolinod amid Iho cushions, sho saw that sho was na wtiito ns dentil, with a wild aud terri fied look in hor lovely eyes. Sho lind heard tlio' nurso'a idlo words, if idlo . thoy wore, and ail awful fear thrilled ovory fibre of hor boing. What if it were so? Sho romomborod tlio old report thnt tho carl had once ad mired Cecilia Cavendish, and. how his fathor's inexorable cdiot had forbidden his boyish admiration. What if Iho old fancy BtiU. lived I In her tcrriblo pro-occupation, sho had not noticed her husband, or over dreamed of such a thing. Ct. a ...a i >1. _ J 1. 1 . . 1 f . 1 1 1 . kjuu \>uiuuuu jkiiii now wnu on iiur tortured soul in her oyes. _ Ho was standing in tho aftornoou sun light, his nublo head bared, his lino faco all aglow with pleasure and admiration, lis ho looked lip and liBtoucd to somo gay Bpcoch Lady Drummond was making. Presently tholoily extended her slondcr hand, mid the carl kiescd.it, bowing pro foundly. " Good-byo, Lady Stratlispoy," cried Lady Cecilia at thnt moment, as tho oarl turned and loft her. ." I slialLeqvrf- you to dtifj oWr-firtfio manor evory day".— Tlio countess nodded and smiled— 0I1, such a wan, sad Bmilo I — and mado room for her bosido hor husband. Ho settled himsulf down with an air of oujoymont, taking his son from Lola aud establishing liim on his knoo. " Now, Sanford, arivo liko tlio wind," lio called. ' I'm anxious to sco tlio old place 1 again. Do rouse up a littlo, Mar guerite," nddrossiug liis wife, " and look nt Scvenoaks Towers in tha Betting sun light ; it is really annoying to have you always moping so." , ' . Tlio countess oboyed. SI10 roused up, and looked' at Sevonoaks' Towers,- nnd smiled and talked with a strange glitter in' her eves nnd' a hectic blootn 011 her cheeks, mid iu lier heart,, doop in her lioart, that poisoned, rankling thorn that tlio mtrso s imprudent words had im planted. " . The manor gentry wore dining at Sovononks, a fow days after, and to gether with tho carl's gucstB, thoy mndo a largo and brilliaiit party. , All day tho men had boon popping at tho phcnsmits in' the west copice, while tlio ladies dozed over l-'ronch novols iu tliccooldrawing-rouius ; but the clashing of tho old tower boll had callod them all togctlior, and now in their best array they occupied tlio great drawing-room that openod into tho dining liall. " Tho long tablo, with its spollosa damask and glittering glass arid silvor, was already hud, and through tlio gor geous streamed tlio red, August' sunlight, making tho swinging chandeliers, and coBtly goblots, and gilded vases, gleam mid glitter us if wrought of precious stones. , - . 1 Tho Countoss Of Stratlispoy occupied a sofa at tho oxtreiuo arid of tho drawing- room, with .Colonel Chudloigh on ono hand and Sir Varnoy Drummond on the other. She was magnificently robed in a blue with old point, aud in hor oars nnd at hor throat -burticd tho old Stratbspoy dia monds. Hor wondrous golden hair lay ovor her fair brow in countless littlo shining ourls mid her cheeks glowed likp tho lioart of a hlush-roso, while hor eyes,- lior lovely sapphire oyes, fairly dnzzlod one with the splendor of their fovorish brightness. Novor in all lior life had Marguorito, Countess of StrntliBpoy, looked' moro beautiful; or felt nioro wrctchod. At the other end of tho long and magiii- ficont npsrlmont, in nn embrasure of one of the stained windows, sat Lady Drum mond. - - Sho woro a dress of somo light, gold- hucd fabric, that brought out in wondrous perfection all tho glorious tirits of . her Hcbo-liko face, and her Hack braids arid lior heavy ourls wero hold in placo, by thick baiids of rod Indian gold. Cleopatra herself- never lookod mora regal than did my 'Lady Ovoilia, sitting beneath tho gorgeous glow of tho richly stained .glass, Lord Strathspey bent over- lier obnir, his faco glowing and animated. Sho wan turning, tlio leaves of a lundscapo folio, talking to tho earl in tlio mean- tiiiie. ' " I'm going to shoot- to-morrow," sho Baid, with uu'nrch smile so you nuiBt emtio to tho manor. I'm anxious to dis gust you, my lord. I nlwat-s was 11 tom- boy, you know. Do you remember, Angus—" sho begnn j tlion, with a blush,.- and drooping lids — " my lord, I mean. I bog a thousand pardons. Thinking of tho old days mado mo forget; but do yon remumbor whit rare mornings wo used to hnvo, galloping tocovordown on "Willow Heath V Ah; 1110!" Lady Cecilia sighed, nnd eoomcd not to hear tlio earl's nssuranco that ho did re member. Presently bIio continued, ns if linlf to herself : " Siioli' rare lhorniitgs I. Dear, dear, what a pity wo cannot bo always young and happy 1 This humdrum 'mariiod lifo is very prosy, don't you. think bo, my lord?" : . , "Well, I don't know," replied tlio earl, with a laugh ; " I liavo not found oiirio so very pi-osy, but I daro say you know best', Lady Drmniriond.'' ' . " Of eourso I do," oitiug her scarlet lip with vexation, -but laughing early ; "and, apropos of prosinoss, wo are to liavo a ball .ovor at ' Tho Cedars,' Lady Varnoy drovo over yostordny to tell mo; Tho cards go out to-u orrow, and it cornea off on tho twonty-ninth — a real fancy afihir — bnl mnsquo, you know) You'll not find any prosincss there, I'll proriiise you. And now, do guess who's to bo tlio lion," she added innocontly, but with a sudden fiasu in lior Spanish oyes. "I'm suro I'vono idea whatovor.unloss you mean yourself,' replied the carl. " Myself 1 Oh, you' stupid 1 Meaning myself. I should havo said queen I Who's to be tho lioh, 1 say ? Who, indeed, but Colonol Gilbor't Vernoy, Lndy Vornoy's brotliur. jus"t'"como homo from India ; and, bogging your pardon, my lord — your wife's old loeer — a charming mnn. You hud bettor look out for yoursolf, my lord-earl." Somothing in tbo insinuation, and in lior ringing laugh irritated Lord Strath spoy. Ho frowned and bit his lip. "I can't boo what 1 have to fear from flrilnnnl HSIKapK Vnninr." Yin mnllnd. coldly. \- " Can't you continued tho lady, in a teasing tono. "Lady Stratlispoy is a charming woman, and old coals aro soon rekindled. \- The earl almost involuntarily glanced across at his wifo. Sho was a charming woman indeed, and moro charming, ho .thought, at that moment, than ho had ovor soon hor before — she, who ri day or two ago, hod boon so languid apd listless. What could bo bu secret of tho Biidden change? " Only look at lier now— tho countcBS, I mean 1" continued liis companion, who had followod his glanco, " is alio riot glorious V. 8uch a chnngo 1 Down in tlio Tyrol alio was liko a ghost. What is tbo secret, I wondor T I can scarcely bolicvo her tho same person." "Sho's liko tbo rest of lior sex, whimsical and changcnblo,"- replied tbo carl. "Not so my lord," rotortod Lady uocuin, nait in earnest, nait in jest ; wo woman . always have motives, especially wlioro our good looks aro concerned. Lot mo rend tho riddlo for you. Colonel Vr.rncy calls this ovoning. Tho countess herself told mo, not nn liour ago, that she expected him. Can't you sco, my lord ? I warned you to tako caro 1" And again hor wicked, teasing laugli rang out. For tho lifo of liim, Lord Stratlispoy could not conceal his vexation. Ho was j.<.h.,blind nnd Bimplo enough to suffer this arcu oTicteptreas to win ljor' object, which was to rouso liis jealoiEJc'iSJAi' sus picion in regard to his wifo. Tlioso Iritish peers are only human aftor all, despito their noblo blood and high- sound ing titles, nnd as week arid na full of foibles, a goodly number of thorn, as tho lowliest peasant that pays them liomngo. Angus, Earl of Strathspey, was no excep tion. Though a good and generous man, and pretty shrewd, ho was no without hiB failings. Being tho thirtconth oarl of Strathapoy Towers did not mnko hint per fect by any moans. Ho glanced across, a second timo, at liis wifo, in lier shimmoring laces and diamonds, hor faco bright with fovorish expectation, and a audderi thrill-stirred liin linnrh ll'/iit if. linntiliRA f.litn fllHinti colonol was coming, that sho had bloomed out so? . Ho know the slory of Gilbert Vctnoy's early lovo for Lady Marguorito of Auk- land Oaks. . Ho was only a young guards man then, and ho wnB vory desporato wlion he found there was no hope tor liim, nnd talked a good deal about blowing his brains out, but concluded to go with liis regiment to India instead. And liero lie was back again, a colonel, and a bachelor Still. . ; . Lord Stratlispoy gnawed at liis mous tache, and watched his beautiful countoss with covort glances. Poor, blind Lord Angus, ho could not sea, lie could not dream, and thoro was no friend's tonguo to ..wliispor him tho truth, that hiB poor, loving, cmiBtnht wife, stung by oruol jea lousy, had thrown oil' Iter lethargy, lier torrihlo sorrow, and by an clfort almost Biiporliriman, had bloomed out in all tlio beauty bIio possessed, hoping to bold his lovo, her dearest treasure', which sho saw, with a woman's quick . porcoption, was slipping from hor. Her husband did not dream of this, which Lady Cecilia well enough know, and horwicked oyos gloamod with triumph as Bhe watched tho carl's moody fnco, and saw that lior random arrow nau siruca uume. But tho clanging of the groat dinncr- boll brought '.this littlo sido-play to an abrupt closo, and tlio carl and his guoats Mod through tho glittering rooms, and sur rounded tlio magnificent board, allsauvity, and smiles, aud honeyed words, too well- bred and solf-possoasoil to botray ovon a suggestion of bittor and torturing passions that filled tlioir hearts; i CHAPTER XV.' A PEKILOUS STEP. Lord Stratlispoy, all at onao, had' im perative occasion to mnko a run dpwn to London. Only for a short stay, howiivor, 'arid Colonol OliudleighwaBtodo tliolionqrs, andliis guests to lnako.thumsolvoscomfdrt- able till hiB return. , Ho started, for tlio early traiu, before breakfast was'sarvcd.and tho countess apd her children were' still in tlioir dressing- room. Ho tappod liglitly.'at tho door, ns ho passed 011 his way down. Judith admitted liiin, and liis wifo aroso, still wrapped in her morning cashmoro, at-hia ontrance; , - '' "Don't disturb yourself,' Marguo rito," ho said, just a trifle coldly ; "I'm off for London, and just dropped iu to say good-by." Ho crossed to tho loungo, upon which -tlio children wore sitting, and kissed thorn repeatedly, l.uay l oan olung to ins ncca, and foil to sobbiug. . " Don't go, papa, darling papa !" sho implored: "wo want papa lioro, don't wo, mamma? 1 Mamma nodded, with tho hot toars ris ing to her oyos. " But- papa must go,. just for a littlo whilo, rind he'll bring Pearl a grant doll, with winking oyos. Will. that do?" Lady Poarl, clappod hor hands in ec stasy. - "And what shall I bring you, my boy?" continued tlio carl, taking tho boy's faco in his hands, and looking down into liis oyos with unspo'akablq lovo. ! Light, cold oyos thoy - wore, a triflo opaque and dull, nnd the- face was itioliiiod to lie thin and sallow. Lady Pearl looked like a rosebud bosido hor brother, and I think I hor fatlior, though ho was almost uriconsoious of it, -felt's littlo angry nnd vexed at her f.ir/ fresh loveliness, Whet business had bIio to bo briglitor and liaiid- somor than liis son and liuir?' - . "What shall I bring you, my son, from Loudon?" continued the earl, for tho boy had not anawored. " Nothing 1 I don't want nothing,' ho replied, at last, with a sucldon air. "Poarl can liavo tho doll ; I won't liavo nothing.' "You may havo tho dolly somo; too, Dubber," nried genorouB littlo Poarl I wori't.koop lior all tho time." "No, I ahan't 1" returned tlio yoUng lord, spitefully. His father looked inexpressibly grioved. From day to -day this was tlio trouble of tlio nursery — the cross, unamiablo tumpor of tho boy. Nothing could plcnno oroon- tent him; ho VoS always surly and envious, wliilo Lady Poarl Was all goncrosity arid sweotnoss. " Novnr mind ; I'll bring j'ou both somothing. Bo good children," eaid tho father. Tlion he turned to tho countess, and nuiu out, 111s linnq. " Good-by, Marguorito; my stay will be short, and tho colonol will see tlint you aro comfortablo. He did not kiss hor; and his voico was cold, liis mauuor distant and corc- monious. Colonel Gilbort Vernoylind called on tlio evoning of tlio dinnor party,: just as Lady Dirummoud prodictod ; and tlio countess had rocoivod liim very graciously, and ovon honored liim with a promenade on tlio torraco. - , Consequently, my lordjliermost injured husband, was iu tho sulks, and not at all disposed to bo.affectionnto. "Good- by, Angiis," snid .liis wifo, Iter voioo faltering, and her oyes swimming with toars ; " 1 eou't you kiss mo before yougi?" Tho piteous voico touched tlio carl keenly, but lio was too proud to Bhow it. Instead of clasping hor to his bosom, as his inclination prompted him, ho only touched his litis to hnr forelicnd. As tlio door closed behind liim, liis wife, unmindful of tho prcscnco of lior children anil their liurso, throw liarsnlf upon tlio couch nnd burst into a pns3ionof liystorical Bobs niul tears. But in a vary littlo wliilo bIio arose, still and calm. ' "Tako tho oliildrcn away," sho said motioning to Loin, who had just entered ; " and do you roriinin, Judith." " Now bring my travelling dress, nnd ring for n cup of chocolato," sho con tinued, when thoy woro nlono. Judith stared in amnzomoiit. " Jjnn going hack io tho Tyrol," ex- plnincdt!ias»A,Ait<ns. " Now is my timo, wliilo tho oarl is awny. anu1 1 'taya not a moment to loso." "My lady — you?" ejaculated tho girl. " Why not send mo in your placo ?" (TO BE' COSTlNUnil) 