ffitmrtra*. TWICE_TRIED. By ANNIE S. SWAN, Authoress of 'Aldersyde,' 'Oarlowrie,' \- ' Across her Path,' ' Sundered Hearts,' &c; \- Published by special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.! Chapter XXVIL — Daek Hours. Kitty -was unable to understand what was the matter with her mistress. She fiad watched her walk up the street with Mrs. Harrington that afternoon, and thought she had never seen her look bo well. .After an absence of little more than two hours she returned in a cab, looking like a person who had been seized by a fatal QlriesB. The face, to which some thing of a girlish bloom had been restored In the sunny south, waa one more pallid and worn, but the angnfah written so ' plainly upon it waa what caused Kitty the keenest distress. ' Oh, ma'am, my dear lady, what has happened to you ?' she- exclaimed, when she opened tie door. 'You look as if you had seen a ghost.' 'So I have, Kitty; so I have,' re tained Mrs. Angus, almoBt In a whisper. ?'Pat a fire in my dressing-room, my girl, and let me lie down there. When -did you say the girls were to come home 2' ' To-morrow, ma'am,' replied Kitty, taking her mistress's portmonnaie and sunshade from her trembling hands, and offering her strong willing arm to assist ier up stairs. 'Iamglad'Xlsnotlto-night. We will be alone and quiet together in the house,' .responded Mrs. Angus wearily. ' Get me «omethig warm to drink. 1 feel as if it were whiter instead of May.' ' Will the master be home to-day, do you think 1' asked Kitty when they leached the dressing-room, and her deft fingers were busy unfastening bonnet strings and mantle.' ' I cannot tell,' said Mrs. Angus with =a low moan. ' Oh, Kitty, my girl, pray for your poor master and mistress. They have need of it.' Kitty, more distressed and mystified £han ever, made no reply, but made haste to put a match to the fire and to arrange the pillows of the couch for her mistress's Aching head, Mxe. AngUB took off her walking dresB, threw on a loose morning xobe, unfastened the colls of her magnifi cent hair, and wearily Bank on the couch. Svery atom of physical strength seemed to liave deserted her ; she felt weak as the veriest infant. Kitty ran for a cup of tea, which she feverishly drank, and refusing anything more substantial, asked that she might not be disturbed. ' If any one calls, Kitty, say I am too indisposed to appear. I cannot see |even 3Hrs. Harrington should she come in.' ' Very well, ma'am, I will attend to it,' responded Kitty, and she stole away xather disconsolately down stairs, wonder ing what new and terrible trouble had Xallen npon the house. Unable to move, Joan Angus lay with iier dazed head buried among the -cushions, trying, even as her husband had done before her, to think out this thing -which had been revealed to her. T dare not try to describe or attempt to analyse her state of mind. The terrible truth in volved many painful complications for her, but for a time only one fact was pre sent to her mind — that she and her hus band must part at once and for; ever. 3lemember how long and how trulyshe had loved him, reflect on the years of her happy irifehood, on the undying and sacred anemories which bound her to him in a tie -which she had hoped only death would break, and Imagine something of 'ihe agony which rent her soul. She lay perfectly still while the first waves of the tempest broke over her, but the clenched hand, the pain drawn brows, the ashen lips, told their pitiful tale. After a time the other Aspects of ihe matter began to crowd hi upon her, and she realised in a flash that her life was ruined. Henceforth she must Ira a homeless, nameless waif, drifting alone and uncared for on the sea of life. And she had been so happy, so favored among women, so honored among her iellow-belngs. Had she grown proud and hard of heart, she wondered, that ao awful a punishment should be meted out to her? Then she thought of her little child, and a wave of healing swept across her. For the first time, I believe, Joan Angus really thanked God In her heart that He had taken the child to Himself. The mystery of that hard dealing was in a moment made plain, for had the child lived what name or place could he have had among Mb fellow- men ? At length the overdriven brain, weighted by its heavy burden of thought, pressed npon the eyelids until merciful slumber came. It waa the aleep of utter exhaustion, mental and physical ; ao heavy and dreamless that when Kitty stole into the room late at night the tired head did not even stir npon the pillow. The faith ful girl, with tears In her eyes, softly drew a rug over the prostrate figure and stole away again, to wonder anew what the trouble could be which in a few hours' tune had wrought so dire a change. She waited until Bhe thought her master had ample time to come from the station, should he have arrived by the evening train from the north, and then, after another look at her still slumbering mistress, she retired to rest. About 4 o'clock she heard her mistress stirring, and at once sprang up and ran down to light the kitchen fire, bo that she might have soon her much-needed breakfast. The early sunshine was streaming In at the window when Mrs. Angus awoke, and, rising alowly, she dragged her feeble, limbs across the zoom and drew up the blind. Oh, how fair the sweet summer morning, how bright the sunshine, how green the leafy treeB in the gardens, how load and glad the flinging of the happy birds ! What a mockery it all seemed ! For the first time in her life Joan Angus closed her eyes to shut out what had ever given her keenest delight She walked back to the couch, sat down, and folding her arms across her breast stared in a vague, dazed way before her. A new day had begun — the day on which probably Robert would come back. With what words would she greet him — hi what words tell him of the blight which had fallen upon them? Would It not be better far, she asked herself, to go away before he came, leaving an ex planation behind ? Would they not thus be spared needless agony? Prudence said It would be the wiser way, but the heart whispered no. She must see him once more. She must creep into his arms and lay her head a moment on his breast ; she must hear a word of love to carry with her Into the desolation of the future. They must look into each other's eyes once more, reading there true, abiding love — ay, for the last time. Not one gleam of hope was cast upon the darkness — it was a vast, intolerable, rayless despair, encompassing her like the black ness of eternal night. The weary day wore on. Only once did Joan Angus quit her dressing-room, and it was to wander vaguely and aimlessly through the house, perhaps to take fare well of all that had been associated with her lost happiness. It tried her strength, for when she again returned to her own room she was glad to lie down again to rest her trembling limbs, though there was no rest for the throbbing brain. In the afternoon the other two maids re turned to their duties — looking forward to brighter days, only to find that some new and heartbreaking cloud had fallen on the house. Towards evening a strange, deep peace seemed to come upon Joan Angus, a preparation, aB it were, for the keenerordealshehadyettoendure. She was resolved to be calm, to spare Robert the sight of the anguish which she could carry with her into the dim shades of the desolate future ; she would do her utmost to soften the blow for him. The day wore on, the sun sunk slowly to his rest 'mid a blaze of golden light, and the sweet summer dusk Btole softly, tenderly, over the mighty city. The stars were trembling in the cloudless sky when Robert Angus, with slow and heavy Btep, came up the quiet street to his own door. He had thought himself strong to toll Joan the truth, but now, when the ordeal waB bo near, he shrank from It with a great shrinking. He pictured the radiant face paling at the cruel words ; he pictured the light slowly fading out of the sweet, serious eyes ; he saw the beautiful sensi tive mouth quiver with pain ; ay, he saw it all. There were no fights iu the front windows. Dining-room, drawing room, and study alike seemed to be in dark ness. What did it mean ? Kitty answered his knock, and he wondered why the girl looked bo anxious and pale. 'Oh, sir, I am so glad you have come back,' she said quickly, 'I thought you never would come. This has been such a long, terrible day.' ' Why 2 Your mistress Is well, I hope. Why is the house in darkness? What has happened ?' he asked quickly. ' Mrs. Angus is not well, sir. She has been very ill since yesterday. I think she has had some bad news or something. It Is a ter.lble trouble, any way,' said Kitty, anxious to prepare hex master for the change In his wife. ' Where is she ?' he asked briefly. 'In her dressing-room, sir. I think she expected you about nine tonight.' Robert Angus did not hear the latter part of the girl's sentence, being already half way upstairs. The door of the dressing-room was a little ajar, and a broad fine of light shed by the glowing fire was cast upon the crimson carpet on the landing. Its velvet pile deadened his footfall, and he reached the door without disturbing the Inmate of the room. He saw the recumbent figure, the dark hair lying loosely over the white dressing gown, but he could not see the face. He entered the room, closed the door, and his wife sprang up. ' My darling ! my darling ! Has the blow fallen already? Am I spared the pain from which, God help me, lhave shrunk too long?' he cried hoarsely, and gathered her in his arms aB if he would ?never let her go again. Fora minute or bo she lay still in his arms with her white face drooped upon his breast so etlll that he was afraid. ' Speak to me, Joan. My wife, my darling,' he said almost wildly. ' Let me see your face. What 1b It has happened to you ? Have you found out what has made the past few weeks one prolonged agony to me ?' ' Kiss me, Robert, only once,' she said in a low, still voice, and raised her color less lips to his. He kissed her, not once, butagalnandyet again, calling her by every endearing name until at length she drew herself very gently away. ?* Let me go now,' she said very quietly. ' Tell me what you were talking about 2 What blow do you refer to ? Do you know that Amy Burnett, your former wife, is ?till alive?' 'YeB, I know. How and when, my poor darling, did you discover it ?' he asked, controlling himself by a mighty effort. 'YeBterday, at Lady Finch's. You knew she would there ? How long have you known It?' she .asked, hi low, clear, passionless tones. ' Since the day Eric died,' he answered, almost as one might have answered to a judge. ' That Is three months ago. Why was I kept in Ignorance so long?' ??Joan !— wife! Don't look at me with those eyes !' [he exclaimed hoarsely. ' Oh, my darling, if you only knew how I had been tempted and tried. I could not have told you then. It would have killed you.' *' I— I thought you loved me,' she said unsteadily, but swayed a little where she stood, but when he would have put an arm about her she waved him back. ** You have allowed me for three months to occupy a false position,' she continued, and her clear eyes looked bright and fear less Into his. ' What have I done to be so treated 1 Did you not know me well enough to feel sure that any certainty, however terrible, would be preferable to that?' « « Do not be so hard upon me, Joan. Let me plead my case with yon. 1 have been weak, erring, unjust to you if you will, but it was because I loved you, Look at me, and tell me if you think I have not suffered ? ' ' How long would you have continued to deceive me had I not discovered the truth for myself ?' she Interrupted. ' Be more merciful, Joan !' fell hoarsely from Robert Angus's lips. ' Believe me when I swear to you that I was on my way to tell you the whole truth. My father knows, bo will his wife by this time. Do not let me plead in vain for forgiveness. Oh, my wife 1 my wife 1' ' Go— away— for a little, please, if you love me, Robert,' the added with great difficulty ; ' just a little while, please; I must be alone. I cannot bear It.' ' Her look was so Imploring, so intense, that he dared not demur or disobey. When she was once more alone a great dimness came before Joan Angus's eyes and she sank on her knees before the couch. The final blow had come, the idol she had set up for herself to worship was shattered to atoms at her feet. The hus band ahe had adored and reverenced as a king among his fellows, a man upright and honorable above any she had ever met, was only common clay. She bowed her head upon her clasped hands, and one voiceless prayer ascended from her breaking heart — ' Let me die !' Chapter XXVIII —Farewell. Robert Angus went downstairs, Entered his wife's study, and shut the door. It ia well there are not many such moments in life ; they could not be compensated on earth. He walked up and down the floor of the darkened room, sometimes pausing to look curiously at the moonbeams, which stealing through the half-closed Venetians made pale, uncertain lines across the carpet. After a time he sat down in his wife's chair at the writing table in the window aud buried his face in his arms. He sat thus in absolute silence for a long time. . In the kitchen the three maids were grouped about the hearth, wondering what could be the matter, and afraid, though it was near midnight, to go to bed lest their services should be required. The master had had nothing when he came off his journey, and they dared.not Intrude to ask for any orders. This terrible un known, but crushing sorrow seemed to be more dire in its consequences than little Eric's death. ' I'll go up and knock at the mistress's door,' said Kitty, bravely rising when the eight-day clock on the kitchen stairs rang twelve. 'I'm not fit to bear this quietness no longer.' She stole lightly up the stair to the dining room flat, but jusb as she pulled the baize covered door back she paused, for there was a footfall coming down from the upper landing, and in a moment Bhe saw the white-robed figure of her mistress with her long dark hair fastened by a silver pin and hanging about her shoulders, glide across the hall and Into the study. So there was nothing for her but to go back to her neighbors again, which she did, shivering as if she had seen a ghost. Robert Angus was not conscious of the opanlng of the door, not . conscious of the light footstep crossing the floor, and he Btarted violently when he felt a presence near him, and when his wife's hands entwined themselves about his arms. But he did not look up, nor yet utter any word. 'Robert,' Bhe said at length, in an almost volcelesB whisper, but he heard It. ' I have come back. I was very hard upon you. It was my pride that was hurb. For give me. Let us bear thla together while we may ? ' H turned about, folded his arms about the kneeling figure, and drew it to his breast. He bent down his head and rested his cheek upon the shining brown tresaes with which he had so often played. After a time she felt, his tears falling on her hands, and with a quick sob she wound her arms about bis neck and prayed him to be calm. It was more than she could bear. 'You have forgiven me, Joan 2' he said, at length. 'You believe it was through my love for you I erred. It was a terrible temptation. Had I loved you less I need not have succumbed to it so easily.' ' I know, I know !' she answered quickly. ' It is I who must ask to be forgiven for my hardness of heart. I ought not to be here,' she continued, her voiro Jailing to a whisper again. 'It can be n& sin, can it, seeing it must be the last lime, and that we pwfc to-morrow V ' For ever, Joan ?' ' Don't ask me, Robert,' she moaned, It Is sufficient for me to beae.it as it is.' ' When I think of your ruined life, my darling, I am unmanned,' he said hoarsely. '»You of all women to have such a fate. Was It for this you bestowed upon me the unspeakable blessing of your love?'. 'Hush! hush! We must not, dare not, question; only accept, as unmurmur Ingly as we can, what cannot be helped,' she whispered. ' After all, we have been happy. We have memory to live upon. I am not sure that if I could I would undo the past. I have really tasted life's sweets these past two years.' 'Joan.' said Robert Angus, so sud denly and earnestly that Involuntarily she started, 'you know there is one way in which we can— partially, at least— remedy the evil my unhappy wife has wrought. Can you guess ?' 'YeB, you can ask the law to make your former marriage null and void,' she answered. *? But ? ' ' But what, my darling ?' 'You remember what the Bible says of the man who shall marry again after he is divorced,' she said ahrinkingly. ' Though you should divorce yourself from Amy Burnett and we should be married I could never feel as if I had any right to be your wife.' 'Then we must part Indefinitely, per haps for ever, Joan ?' ' I— I think it would be better so,' she faltered. ' ' We will get strength. It may not be so hard as you think.' ''But yon, Joan? Do you know what it will Involve for you ? Exclusion from the world ; from the society of which you have been so bright an ornament.' ' If that be the world's verdict I am content to accept it,' she said, with a strange, sad smile. 'And what will society be to me without you 2' They were silent again, each weighed down by the burden of the dark future, which seemed like some tossing, shoreless sea, without haven or destination. ' You have seen Amy 2' Bald Joan en quiringly, after a time, 'Yes, I saw her. I met her by acci dent one day hi the park walking with Lady Finch's children. Knowing Lady Finch had brough a governess with her from Newfoundland I had no difficulty lu understanding the whole matter.' ' Then you went to see her 2' 'I did.' 'What did she aay?' ' Don't ask me, Joan. If there be a woman on earth utterly devoid of feeling or heart except hi her own interests that women Is Amy Burnett,' he said passion ately. 'Her chief and only iear was that we should reveal her long deception to her benefactress.' ' It is terrible to think what a living lie her life has been these past four years,' said Joan, shuddering. 'Poor erring Amy ! One wrong atop hag led to too many more.' ' Joan, is it possible you can have an atom of — of sympathy or compassion for her ?' exclaimed Robert, in astonishment. 'When I think of her poor mother, when I remember what she was, Robert, there is nothing but pity in my hearb for her,' said Joan, her face shining with divine unselfishness. ' Whatever my lot may be, hers is the harder, for my con science has no burden upon it.' ' I never knew till now how utterly unworthy I was of you, Joan,' said Robert Angus humbly. ' When I hear you speak 1 feel as if I could almost be strong to parb with you. And yet, God knows, without you my life will be empty indeed.' ' On this side, but over yonder all will be well, whispered Joan dreamily, and her face shone with something of the peace which, In answer to her agonised prayer, had come aB a benison from heaven. 'See, the dawn Is breaking,' she said, rising to her feet, and pointing to the faintgllmmeringof light In theroom. 'You are In need of rest, and so am I. Later In the day — for it la a new day now — we can talk more and make our airavgements.' A smile flickered for a -moment on the grave, beautiful mouth',* bat the quivering of tWlipa epeedUy Spelled it. She was brave, indeed, but It would not la a moment be crushed down. She bent over' him, laid her white hand caressingly on the dark head, lightly touched hla brow with her lips, and glided from the room. In her heart of hearts she said it was her last farewell. Before the day was very old Mr. and Mrs. Angus from Auchengray arrived at the houBe in Cadogan-place, having travelled all night. Isabel could not rest until she had seen and spoken with Joan. Poor Isabel! it seemed as if her dead brother's sins were being visited indeed npon her head, and this was the bitterest fruit of all. Robert received them. Ha had only thrown himself upon the study couch, eleep being out of the question. Kitty told him her mistress had fallen asleep in her dressing-room. 'Where is Joan?' said Isabel hurriedly, putting back her veil from her haggard face. '' Will she see me 2 Does she feel bitter against me? 1 should not wonder, only It would break my heart.' ' None of us know Joan yat, Mrs. Angus,' replied Robert, with a mournful smile. ' And I, who have been blessed with her close companionship so long, know her least of all. There Is no bitter ness in her hearb. The way in which she has borne this awfnl shock is quite unlike anything I have ever seen. She Is more an angel than a woman. She would even, pity and pardon the woman who has done her bo bitter a wrong.' ' Then she is too good for this world. She won't live,' replied Mr. Angus almost hotly. '* Is there no law to punish a person who has done what that person has done ? I daren't trust myself Jto name her. Can't she be hanged, or some thing?' ' Hush ! hush !' said Isabel gently. ' No, I won't hush ! I muab speak to somebody or I'll explode. The husaey ! I ODly wish I had Been her here. John Burnett can't have brought up his children properly, or they wouldn't turn out such reprobates.' Isabel turned about and quitted the room, and Robert listened patiently to his father's ravings, guessing they would re lieve his mind. He had been so stunned at first at the story his son told him at Auchengray that he had been unable to utter a word. *' Well, what are you going to do ?' en* quired the old gentleman, when he had spent his wrath in plain speaking about Amy Burnett. ' Of course, there will be no difficulty hi getting a divorce, and then you can be married again.' 'There would be no difficulty, bub Joan will not agree to it,' replied Robert quietly. 'Not agree to It? .In the name of wonder, why not 2' ' She has peculiar and strong Ideas on certain subjects, father,' said Robert, with difficulty. 'Her decision in this matter 1 believe to be firm and unalter able. I would rather not discuss it just now, if you please.' 'Then what is she going to do?' queried Mr. Angus, in open-mouthed amazement. Robert shook his head. 'Does she know what the thing in volves ? Has she faced It hi all its bear ings? Does she know how the world treats people In such a position ?' *' She knows that she will have to re tire into solitude, that she can have no position anywhere !' groaned Robert Angus, In the anguish of his soul. *' Is the woman mad ?' ' For heaven's sake, father, be quiet if you cannot say aught to help or comfort,' said Robert passionately, unable to bear any more. ' I never heard the like of it,' said the banker more quietly. ' And you were so happy together ; and Isabel and I were so proud and happy in you both. Poor Joan ! poor, poor girl !' His warm, impulsive feelings would no longer be hid under the semblance of blustering anger. His firm under lip quivered, tears chased each other, down his cheeks, 'and he cried like a child. To Robert Angus the sight of his father's grief was even more painful than his. assumed irritability, and he began to^walk. restlessly to and fro to master his 'own feelings. 'Isabel and I have talked it over, Robert,' said the old man at length, ' and ' we've arrived at a conclusion. I'm getting to be an old man now ; time I waa getting aside from active life. I'll give up the whole concern and we'll go abroad and make a home for that poor stricken creature, who has scarcely known a day's happiness since her father died. I think she will be happy with us. We'll do what we can to make up for all she has lost — at least she'll feel that she Isn't alone in this cold, cruel world.' ' God bless you, father !' fell hoarsely from Robert Angus's lips, and he took his father's hand hi a grip of iron, which told a little of the relief, the unspeakable gratitude which filled his soul. Just then the door opened and Isabel looked in; Her face was wet with tears and her voice tremulous with emotion. 'Joan would. like to see you,' Bhe said to her husband. 'You need not be afraid ; she is very calm and composed. Her fortitude is simply marvellous.' — - Robert Angus, the younger, remained below while the two went upstairs. -He had no right any more to seek his wife's presence ; she was his no more. They were as completely parted as if death had taken the one and left the other. Per haps in time that thought might be less fraught with agony, and yet it was greater than he could bear. It was rapidly arranged that day that Mr. Angus, the elder, should escort his own wife and Joan back to Cannes, where they would remain until his affairs were wound up and he could join them there. That was all that was settled hi the mean time, the discussion of the future being left till Joan was more able to bear it. She was very calm, very sweet, very passive In their hands, like one, Isabel thought, whose Interest m life was dead. On the evening of the second day the trio started for the sunny south, once more leaving Robert Angus alone in the desolate house. It had been agreed that nothing need be Bald yet about the extra ordinary change Lot their domestic affairs. Soon — ay, too soon— the world's tongue would wag freely, making light of what was of such terrible moment to them. Joan would not seek a private parting from her husband. Isabel guessed the reason why. Her heart was already too sorely riven. He was in the hall to see them off, and when the others stepped out Joan turned to him and held out her hand. Neither spoke ; but the language of the eyes, those mirrors of the soul, could not be mistaken. In both shone the deep, unquenchable yearning of un alterable love. It was over hi a moment. Mr. Angus came back, took Joan on his arm, and drew the hall door close after them. A moment more and the carriage wheels rattled over the stony street, and Robert Angus was alone Indeed, aitnong the ruins of his happiness and his home.. (To be continued.) 