professor pepper's experiences. Af(er a lengthened tour iii Australia, extend ing ovor a period of nearly 10 years, the real Professor Pepper In propria pcrsond— not hi, ghost— made his reappearance at tho Poly, technic, in Regent-streot, London, in November The entertainment took place in tbe Great Hall of the institute, the floor and gallery ot whlcll wore crowded to excess. Mr. Qulntin Hogg, the president, who occupied the chair in Introducing tho famons entertainer observed, amidst lnughtor, that he had been away from them so long that It war almost widely supposed that tho good man had indeed become "Popper's Ghost." To a large portion of tho rising generation bis very name — to say nothing of his fame— was entirely un known. He welcomed the distinguished pro fessor back to these shores, and expressed the opinion that his former popularity would be sufficient to ensure his future success. Pro. feasor Pepper, wao was much cheered, oxprosied himself deeply sensible of their kind reception of him. and assured his hearers that his greatest anxiety during lain long absence had been to return to the country of bis birth, of which be was so proud, and from the people of which ho had received so much kindness and support. Proceeding with his lecture the professor stated that it was 10 years since ho left Loudon, where his ghost performance spuing iuto popularity about a quarter of a century ago. He and his fnmily had been living at Brisbane, Australia, during that period, where they had a large and cou- fortable home. Tho neighbours would often seud iu, asking him to lot them have half a dozen trees, which ho gave with as little thought as if they had been cauliflowers Id England. He was appointed analyst to tbe city, and UHed to have line fun wben tbe peoplo tried to bribe him— all in vain— ol courso — not reniising that all samples reached him simply with a number attached, affording no clue to identification. lie had also lectured a little, giving lectures of a moto serious scientific character than formerly. On the whole, he had done well, ho said, in tbe lund of bush fires, and spoke of gold shares and land investments and showed them n picture of his Queensland home. To the spectators it seemed a very handsome residence, in spite of the pro fessor's description of it ns of the meat-safe order of architecture. 