THEATRICAL NOTES. (BY TOuCsHonS.) As many of the rdtlers of these articles would doubtless feel interested in the perusal of programmes presented at the Exunceston theatres in past years, I pur pose presenting for the future a rper6duc tion of a "bill of the play" with each Theatrical Notes. E4o. 1. ROVAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. SATrRnDAY EVENINO, MARCIT 4, 1843, Under the distinguished patronage of WIV. H. Brton, Esq. "The last night of the foreign and gymnastic Co's. pe'?olttsng in Launceston. First appearance of Sit:nor Dalls Case For the benefit of Signorina Amelia. Signorina Amelia begs most reepectfully to inform her friends and the ladies and gentlemen of Launccaton, that her benefit will take place on the above evening. The performance will commence with the two young Brazilian ladies performing on the tight rope. Mons Larosiero and Mr. ig, the clown. will go through a grand display of ncrobatic and athletic feats. Mademoiselle Adello will appear In tivo popular dances, Signor Dallo Case will appear in the athletic exercises. Signorina Anna and Amelia will ascend from the stage to the boxes on the tightrope. ohkes 5s, pit 2s Gd. No half-price. The local Academy is to be occupied throughout the week including Queen's Birthday by amateurs from Hobart, *ho will produce Mr. F. A. Packer's operetta, " Sweet LSimplicty." Mr. G. M. Arnold, a violinint of repute,will also appear. The Silbon Combination left Hobart on Saturday last ea route to Brisbane. Martin Simonsen's English and Comic Opera Co. are doing fairly well it the Theatre Royal, Hobart. Frank Lincolh, the humourist, is due in Launetton about the latter end of this mdohth. Mr. Miln has abandoned his intention of visiting Tasmania for the present, business having (proved too good, to leave Mel bourne. This popular tragedian, is at presentproducing "Hamlet, with success, at the Opera House in that city. \- Mr. Charles Holloway leaves for America after coneluding his present engagement with Bland Hola. Mr. W. J. Holloway is stated to have purchased property in London, and will become one of the Managers of the Grand Theatre, Islington. Mr. Charles Warner has been appearing in a round of his favourite characters in Brisbane, supported by one of Messrs. Willianmson, Garner, and Musgrove's dramatic companies. Mr. Charles Taylor, and Miss Ella Carringtoui and a powerful dramatic com pany, have just concluded a successful trip through the Richmond River District, N.S. Wales, and are now os route for Victoria. The company has been materially strengthened since the Launceston season, and now include Mr. Lachlan MacGowan, one of the best 'character actors in the colonies. Mr. Macgowan and his late wife, were in years past great favourites with the Launceston public, and many old pl.ygoers remember with pleasure their clever performances. Launceston, as usual, will probably be deserted by theatrical companies -during the winter months. The only professional engagement for the Academy at present is stated to be Mr. Frank Lincoln's. At the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, Bland Holt is still running "The Ruling Passion." Messrs. Brough and Boucicault have revived the successful comedy "Modern Wives," at the Hibernian Hall. -' Shamus O'Brien" is having a prosperous career at the Alexandria, and the "Yoeman of the Guard," forms the attraction at the Princess's. Miss Isabel Morris has booeen tendered a farewell matinee performance at the Opera House, prior to her departure for Melbourne. In Sydney the pantomime "Sinbad the Sailor," still holds the sway at the Royal, the " Romany Rye " is running at Her Majesty's Theatre, and "Sweet Lavender " at the Criterion. A syndicate it is stated has been formed to purchase HerMajesty's rheatro, Sydney, and transform it into an hotel. Tile New London Dramatic Co. recently brought out by Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove, are producing "Now Men and Old Adioes" at the Adelaide Theatre Royal. "Lad Astray" is to be the next production. Edwin Booth, the great American tragedian, is said to he in a critical con dition from the effects of a paralytic stroke. It is doubtful if he will over act again. Barry Sullivan is stated to have in a great measure recovered from his recant illness. Mr. C. Haddon Chambers,the cleveryoung Australian author of " Captain Swift," has been commissioned by Mr. A. M. Palmer to write a play for the Maddison Square Theatre, Now York, for next autumn. Tom Matthews, the London pantomimist, has just died at the age of 84. So far as his art is concerned, his death breaks the connection between the old and the new. Matthews appeared at Sadler's Wells as clown in 1829. and took his farewell benefit at Drury Lane in 1866. Sir Morell Mackenzie's eldest son, who, under the name H. H. Morell, is steadily makinghis wayas a comedian, scored a decided managerial success in his trip to Edinburgh last week with "rOur Regi ment." His father, who is very popular with the students, had, no doubt, paved the way for him ; but unless he had provided a a atisfactory entertainment he would not have been ausied by the management to repeat his enterprise, as he will in October next. Mrs. Langtry's illness was caused by .a catarrhal affection. Her trouble was greatly increased by her trip West of the United States whore the alkaline dust seridusly aggravated the disease. Reliable information from New York states that Miss Mary Anderson has been afficted with nervous prostration that has from the first assumed a very serious aspect. It is believed, the London New York Herald says, that Miss Anderson's nervous system has partly given way under the constant strain involved by her latter work on the stae, and that her present ill health is entirel the result of this trouble, Mr. Tom Mead, of the Lyceum Theatre, one of the oldest English. Shakespearean actors, died at his residence, in Islington, on February 17. Deceased was born at Cambridge on August 22, 1810, entered the dramatic profession in 1811 at the Devon port theatre, under management of Mr, James Dawson, as Oreo?sebo in Sheridan's tragedy, "Piozaro." His first appearance in London wias at the Victoria Theatre, November 8, 1848, as Giles Overreachs He joined the Lycoin company under MIrs. Bateman during the Shlkeslpeaveanurvivnls titder the supervision of 1Mr. Henry Irving. He has been in that company ever since, playing the Ghost (" Hamlet"), Filst Witch (" Macbeth"), Barbantio (" Othello"). Duringthe provincial tuur of Mr. Irving's company last summer lr. Mead was taken suddently ill. He returned to London, but he never recovered, his health having been since slowly on the wane. 