THE ROMANCE OF AN OLD % BEDSTEAD. Kot half a dozen people iu tlio world know tho history of the handsome old carved mahogany bod that stands in tho corner of my best room. I am not superstitious ; but in all the years I have owned it 1 have never once slept within it. When I put guests there I am always distinctly conscious of a feeling of relief when they appear fresh and smiling tho next morning and return a negative answer to my inevitable question : "You were not disturbed by anything 1" Yet I would not part with it for any thing in the world. It is like an old friend in whoso face I seo reflected bits of my own history. My house is as lonely aud quiet as only an old bachelor's quar ters can bo whoro few guests ever come to break tho heavy solitude. There are hours and hours when the only sound is Titine, my old quadroon housekeeper, moving about from room to room with noiseless footstep, or tho soft swish of the orange boughs without, rubbing against the window pane. At such times I love to slip up to the quiet room above, and throwing open thu shutters so the light falls full upon it ait down beside the bed and relive my life. Hugo and dark and sombre tho bed looms up in its corner like the catafalque of a dead king. Tho tester, supported on four great posts almost as big as a man's thigh, nearly touches thu eoiliuy. TUom aro metallic gleams at the corners whore .'rout brass screws are set through plates of brass mortised into the wood. Head board and footboard are made of two win 'ed griffins carved out of the solid board ; but the curious foaturo of the whole is that wound round and round each post of the bed, on rail and tester ; windiii" in and out of the fantastic scrolls and arabesques of the head and footboard is carved a chain, loop upon loop, that, ends in a broken link. _ It is a strange and apparently meaning* less design, but to old Titine and to me, carved deep in the wood, bound fast in iho links of the chain, is the history and the tnvedy of both our lives. Many years before I was born, my ■uii'i from whom I inherited the bed, married a gay young fellow, handsome, frivolous, fond of airbeantifiil things, a dilettante in music and painting and wood-carving. Among the slaves who were part of mv aunt's dowry was a man, a quadroon, who had been apprenticed to a cabinet maker and wlio had great talent for wood-carving. 1 nto souls bowed clown by suwery v»oci sometimes breathed the lire of genius. They were untaught, but it burst iorth in preens of song, such jubilation and despair, such joy and sorrow, as might have thrilled even senseless clay, or else the thought that could not clothe itself 111 words was wrought out in poems in iron, or carved into dreams ill wood. It was so with this man, Pierre. His was one of (he souls that chafed in slavery. He had thoii'dits that burned for utterance behind dumb lips, and into bis works he threw the voiceless passion and yearnings of bis life. One day bis master, linger ing beside his bench and watching his subtle skill, suddenly exclaimed ;— " Pierre, carve mo a bed like no other bed in the world, and I will give you your freedom." " Truly ?" ho asked, huskily. Foi </e tjeulUhommc," replied tho master, carelessly, as lie went out hum ming :1m " Ah. Che la Morto," from 11 Truvatorc." ,. , , ... That ni"Ut Pierre began his task with his brain "a(ire with tho inspiration of freedom. Day by day lie worked into tho wood that seemed a sentient thing under his touch, all the passion and dreams of his life, and almost insensibly thoro grew, loop upon loop, the chain so long borne, so noon to he broken. Titine was his wife, and together they plannetl how he, once freed, would make the money to buy lier from her master. On the bayou they would build a littio cabin, and there might bo born to them children—not slaves, just Uoavcii ! but freemen. Ah, God ! those days and nights of dreaming ! Finally the bed was completed, tho master came and marvelled at its work manship, all artistic New Orleans raved over it for a week, and then Pierro de manded its price—his freedom. His master looked at him and gave Ins Blow, low, weilbred laugh. " My good Pierre, it was but a ]est. Am I likely to part with such a valuable possession," lie cried. " No, no," and lie turned toward the door uueasy at the light that leapt into Pierre's eyes—tho tawny savage light like tho gleam in a pauther s eyes°as it= makes ready to spring. ' Cl Stay !" tho word rang out like a com maud. Tho slave, standing erect, sta tuesque, rigid, arraigned his master. Every muscle of the black figure was tense with passion, his hand unconsciously still grasped tho long shining knife he had used in his work. " You break your oath 1 You deny me mo my freedom 1 Y ou lied to mo 1 "I curse you and yours, now and forever, with death, doath, death, he cried, and ho drove tho kuife up to its hilt in his heart. In his death the prophecy of the carved chain came true ; he had broken it at last. As I sit in the gathering dusk, remem bering all these things, it seems but yesterday that with curious, childish ii ngers I followed the carved loops in their intricate windings, and I see the bed, as I knew it first, in a dim old room m iho Creole quarter of New Orleans. A poor littlo orphaned child, I was sent to my aunt in her stately old house where tho doors opened on a court gay with llowers, but where tho doors and windows were jealously barred and tho door swung open to no guest save the priest. Titine met mo at the door and took mo, frightened and grief-sick ,to my aunt's chamber, where, smitten by some malady, I know not what, she lay in tho great carved bed. The room was half in shadow. Coining in from the tropical day without, I could see nothing save a silver crucifix on tho wall, and then as my eyes became accustomed to the darkness it seemed to 1110 the carved chain raised itself from tho bed, caught and imprisoned me. It must have been my nerves were overwrought, for, with a wild cry : " The chain, tho chain !" I fell senseless on tho floor. Titine took me up in her strong arms and boro me from tho room, and southed and comforted me in the soft patois tho negroes speak to Creolo children. But in the night, when still haunted by the terror of tho day, I erept to her bed, she drew the crucifix from her breast, and I heard lier murmur below lier breath :— "Jesus, lot not tho curso fall on /tint! In tho quiet houso, where I learnod to movo as noiselessly as a shadow, a strange friendship sprang up between the old negroes and myself. Sho served my aunt faithfully, but I knew intuitively she hated lier misiress with all the force of her half savngo nature. Site made strange incan tations above tho uncouscious Bick woman, and in some vague way was liko a pro phetess of evil, but I think what little lovo sho had she gave to me. Sometimes, not often, sho would speak to me of her ] husband, always abruptly, as if the words wore forced from her. "I saw tho dead last night," she would Bay with trembling lips. " My husband, that they took from me cold and dead with tho blood red, red from tho little cut above his heart. You would not think one could dio so easily, eh mon bc.bc 'I Just a little cut like a child might have made at play. Oh, but he had thacourago, mon Pierre." Wo lived so quietly in tlio gloomy old houao wo never counted the time. Masters came and wont, giving mo the education my aunt considered my due, but the years went by so monotonously I scarcely knew I had reached manhood unli Felicie came. She was my aunt's granddaughter, orphaned like myself, and, like myself, thrown on my aunt's protec tion as the only human being 011 whom alio had any claim. Her mother had made a mesalliance that was never for given, but when Felicio came with her mother's dying pravet for forgiveness Madame could not refuse hor the shelter of her roof. It was but natural that Felicie and I should love each other, thrown together as we were in the dim old bouse where we wero tho only young creatures. Ah 1 but we lived in a fool's paradise ! We mado tho sombre old room3 radiant with our love and happiness. We loved as tho birds and flowers may, with a full sense of completeness and oblivion of the future. In alt the world there was only us two, and our love bounded time and eternity. Ho one noticed us but old Titino, but in her eyes there was always the shadow of a fearful warning. "It cannot be, mcs enfanlt," she would say. "Madaruo will not hear of it. This wall," striking hor hand against the stone, "is not more hard, more cold, more heartless." Wo would not hnlioro ln>r. When did hopo over tako counsel of despair, when did love learn tho subtlo penetration of hato, or youth listen to ago Iho ond cauie sharp and swift as a dagger tlirust. Ouo day Madame sent for Felicio and presented her to her fiance, an old mail, ugly and bent, but with the wealth of a Croesus. It was in vain that wo told her of our love, that Felicie wept, that I implored. " Hah, the love of children," sho cried, scornfully. Felicio must do as sho said, or she would turn her out of doors, as she had done her mother before her. Sho was inexorable, and wo wore so young, so helpless, so ignorant, such puppets in the liauds of fate. One day when we knelt hand in hand by the old carved bed in which Madame lay deaf to all our prayers, Titine came swiftly forward from behind tho heavy enrtains. Sho towered abovo the sick woman liko a dusky sibyl. " Listen to them," she cried. " Yon remember what my man said when you lied to him about this "—touching the heavy, carved chain. " It was death to you and yours. I can raise tho curse—" My aunt laughed shrilly. "Ah, these mulatress," sho exclaimed, " but they have the impudence 1 Woman, what do I care for your curses or your prayers '? The charms of a voudou witch !" At last tho day for tho wedding arrived. Felicio caino to me dressed all in white ness, lilco a tall lily. She slipped her hand in mine. " Come," she said, " I would make my reverenco to Uonno Mamma." Her eyes were shining' with tho strange, bright light I had seen and feared before ; her hand was hot and feverish. " My poor Felicio." I said, "you are ill." " I shall soon be well," sho replied. Half way up the steps sho stopped and turned toward me. "Death is short," she said, "but life is long." When wo reached Madame's room Felicio went over to tho great carved bed and bent above the sick woman. " Bonne Mamma," she cried, " I give myself to my bridegroom." And before a hand could be raised to stay her mad deed she had thrust a dagger into her heart and fallen dead across the bed. Madame never rallied from tho shock, and when I inherited as next of kin all of her possessions I only kept tho great carved bed, and old Titine and I left the house whero wo were ever haunted by tho ghosts of that unhappy past. —Elizabeth M. Gilmer in New Otlccin Picayune. 