J10YAL PRINCESS THEATRE. . ; A If I " MR, BARNES OF NEW YORK." I Another very largo audience assembled in . the -Rov.il Princess Theatre last evening, all parts of thei'ouse being full. The attraction was a new drama bearing the above title, which wis presented ju Sandhurst for the first time, but of the great success of which much had been heard. The drama is in four acts, and Mr. George Darrell, the drama tist, has founded his work on Mr. A. C. Gunter's thri'llingly sensational novel entitled, " Mr. Barnes of New York." The story abounds in dramatic force, and Mr. Darrell is , to be congratulated upon having handled with such ivnurkably good effect the materials at his disposal. Though necessarily varying somewhat from the original, especially in that the hero lias in the drama to give way to the heroine in pride of position, but it may be fairly said that though' the no\el is of intense interest; the drama is of even a more thrilling character, so that all who have A'ad the novel: will admit that Mr. Darrell's dressing of the story is of a most effective character. Thfl drama is full of sensations of an exciting character, and embraces a most romantic story of love and war, mid t!.e plot unfolds itself with a rapidity which does not allow the interest to flag for a moment. Xt is founded chiefly on the famous vendetta flf. the Corsicans, the terrible oath binding _ the sur vivors' of a family to all their life seek vengeance for the murder of one of their number. In the first act, whileMr. Barnes, a most entertain ing sample of the wealthy American visitor to Europe, is about to leave Corsica, where he has been the guest of Count Danella, he the spectator of a misunderstanding between two high-spirited youths, the one a lieutenant in the British and the other in the French navy. A duel follows, which Mr. Barnes endeavors to prevent. The French officer has only just returned to Corsica to rejoin liis sister, who is a ward of Count Danella. Brother and sister are deeply attatclied to each other, and Mr. Barnes, having met the lady, in her interest seeks to delay the. encounter until Marina Paoli arrives, when he thinks her brother will not fight the foolish duel and run the risk of blighting her. young life by early sorrow. Mr. Barnes has some notoriety, as one who lias done some impossible rifle and pistol shoot ing, but his amiable ' intentions ' result most disastrously, and the Frenchman falls mortally wounded. He expires before his sister arrives, who over his corpse swears, with Corsican ferocity, a vendetta against the man who bis lulled her brother. She does not know the name of the Emzlish officer, who immediately after the duel went onboard his ship, which was 011 the point of starting for Egypt. Thither Marina hastens, but fails to find the clue sought for In the hospital she nurses and falls in love with an English naval officer, Gerard Anstruthers, wounded in the bombardment. She flies from him to fulfil her vow of seeking her brother's murderer snd slaying him. In this »earch she is aided by Count Danella, who loves the beautiful Corsican, and hopes to win her by ministering to her con buming passion for revenge. The count picks up acluetotho murderer, and Mr. Barnes is made aware of the fact that the English officer is a brother of En:d Anstruthers, a charming girl, to whom Mr. Barnes, of New York, has fallen a victim and is, in fact, on the point of being married. Her sailor brother unexpectedly arrives, where he meets Marina, who, under the new spell woven of love, renounces her vendetta, much to the liorror of both the count and liar foster father, one Tomaso, also a Corsican. When Count Dinella learns that Marina proposes to wed the very man who, he believes, fought the duel with her brother, he conceives the diabolical idea of b'itig revenged by not revealing his knowledge until the wedding night, which he arranges shall be in Corsica, and that the too faithful Tomaso sVdl then also be acquitted with the' discovery,, and if needs be give the gallaut English, captain his quietus ere the marriage is consummated. Mr. Buties is informed by Enid of her brother's betrothal after the party have started for Corsica tj celebrate the marriage. He hastens in pursuit tj prevent the catastrophe which follows. The U=t scene of the last act is laid in the bridal chamber. The absence of Captain Anstru thers has been secured on pretence that he is required to discharge some final formality on the ceremony. Marina then l-\inis that she has married the man who s'ew her brother,and both the count and herfosjer f ither demand of the distracted bride to give effect to the vendetta.- The conflict between love and revenge is terrible, but in the end the better part of her"woman's nature gains the mastery. Ab she h»ars her husband's footsteps approaching the b-idal chamber, she declares that she will not be destrover, and thereupon the enraged Tomaso wrenches the stiletto from her, and as the ^cur tiins are being raised stabs the man behind them. Marina becomes insensible,' and Mr. Barnes rushes b-eathless into the chamber with Enid. It is sub sequently discovered that the count, and not the husband, lost his life at the portal of the bridal chamber. Captain Anstruthers next appears upon the scene, and to Marina's distracted brain he seems a ghost; but that hallucination is soon cleared away, and also the history of the duel. The curtaiu falls upon the liappy union of man and wife and the joy of Mr. Barnes, who has now only to think of his own future as the husband or a beautiful and brave English girl. The chief part in the drama is of Marina Paolo, written especially for Mrs. Darrell, and her treat ment of it last evening was a powerful piece of emotional acting. Throughout the piece she had to rive play alternately to violent passions of love aud hate, reaching a climax 111 the terrible bridal clumber scene, and she acquitted herself with re . markablegrace and fidelity to nature. Mr. George Darrell selected for himself the part of Mr. Barnes of'New York, and in this character lie gave a representation of a cool, calculating, good natured and travelled New Yorker, wisely omitting the exaggerations which so . often tend to make the sraee Yankee almost as unreal as, the stereotyped st^ee Irishman.- He acted in 0 cool, easy manner, which gave the character a very natural appear and and by no menus sought to give himself undue iirourinence. The f erocious|Count Daneda was very veil and appropriately portrayed by Mr. Vernon, a,,,; bis bloodthirsty follower, Tomaso, was treated with vsry fair results by Mr. E.D. Hrvygarth. Mr. A. liolfe sustained the partof themaulyyoung.British ofneer. Lieutenant Austruthers, with good effect. Mr Divers Antonio Paoli, Mr. Kennedys t"' lino-cries, and the other male parts were satisfactorily filled. Miss . iLabel Tracey deserves credit for her appropriate ien derimr of Enid, and the humorous, part of Lady Charteres, was excellently placed inJthe hands o£ Miss Maggie Oliver, while Miss Jessie Howard gave the part of the spoiled child, Maud £°h a good deal o£ effect. The piece, was well mounted, and the scenery effective. Mr Barnes, of New York, willI be repeated to night On Friday evening Mr. Darrell s version ?n; V^f.vnne will be produced. 