THE ST. FRANCIS XAVIER BOYS' SCHOOL. Amongst the passengers by the s.s Pateena, which arrived from Melbourne on Friday last, was Mr E. A. Conway-Conwell who has come to Launceston to take charge of the St. Francis Xavier Boys' School. Mr Conwell comes to Tasmania with a very long list of honors, and parents whose boys are receiving their education at the St. Francis Xavier School should have cause to feel proud of the new principal. Mr Conwell was educated at the St. Patrick's College, Carlow, Ireland. This college has become famous throughout the English speaking world aud beyond it, for the distinguished positions held by its alumni both in Church and State. Tbe pre- sent Archbishop of Philadelphia, Dr. Ryan, one of the greatest living orators, the Very Rev. Dr. Cavanagh, the great J.K.L., Bishop Doyle, and very many other famous men all passed their college course at St. Patrick's. Mr Conwell was at this college several years, and his first success was in the intermediate examination of Ireland, where he obtained very high places in the exhibition list, passing with honors. In Greek, Latin, French, English, euclid, algebra, arithmetic, bookkeepiug. natural phiiosophy, drawing, and tbeoretical music he received a medal of proficiency. Afterwards Mr Conwell passed tbe first B. A. of the University of London, which is incorporated by Royal Charter with Carlow, aud he also passed with high honors the second University examination in arts of the Royal University of Ireland, and sub- subsequently held a professorship at Car- low College, in classics, natural philosophy, chemistry, and mathematics. Owing to ill health he resigned this post, and fol- lowed out the orders of his medical adviser, came out to Australia, aud at once obtained a professorship in tho Victorian College of the Holy Ghost order, which he left at the request of the Very Rev. Dean Beechinor, who is also an alumi of Carlow College, to take charge of the St. Francis Xavier boys' school, Launceston. Work will be resumed at 9 o'clock this morning. Tasmania, ik Lonikw. — ' Ang?oAu« tralian,' in the European Mail of May 24, supplies the following: — Mr Robert Show bridge (Shoohridge) has arrived, and adds one more to the small band of Tasmanians nn this side. He is interested in. and is promoting the fruit trade, Brides thin gentleman I must not forget Mr Ohnrles James Atkins, who has brought with him some fine specimens oforea, and Talnnblein f.irmnt.ion relative to the mining w«-nlt.h of the colony. At tho loat monthly dinner of the Royal Colonial Institute Tasmanian apples of admirable appearance and excel lent quality were included in the printed menu During the evening a Urge photo graph of tho 29lb salmon cuight in the Upper Huou by llis Excellency Sir Robert Hamilton, a member of the Iiihtir.ute, waa nn view, und attracted zuucli attention. Sir : Francin Villeueuve Smith and Mr Toul iv. Tn unavoidably absent, und Sir Thomas Bni'ly wTotu to express regret that ofUcial uugugemuutb retained him in Ireland. 