f IS Sf#E¥fILLll. Kit and Kitty. Bv R. D. BLACKMORE. Chapter IV.— PEACHES AND PEACHING. There seem to be many ways of taking the very simplest fact we meet; and if any man was sure to take things by bis own light it was my good uncle. When a friend or even a useful neighbour offered a free opinion my Uncle Cornelius will look at him, say never a word, but be almost certain to go downright against that particular view. One of his favourite sayings was, ' Every man has a right to his own opinion,' although he was a strict Conservative— and of that right he was so jealous that he hated to have hi6 opinions shared. And this was a very lucky thing for me. as I cannot help seeing and saying. For the very next morning a neignoour came in (when I was gone prowling, I need not say where), and, having some business, ho told Tabby Tapscott to show him where her master was most likely to be found. This gentleman was Mr. Rasp, the baker, who kept two women, a man, and a boy, and did the finest trade in Sunbury. And what he wanted now was to accept my Uncle's offer, at which he had hum'd and haw'd a week ago, of ten sacks of chat potatoes at lod. a bushel, for the purpose of mixing with his best white bread. By the post of that morning Mr. Rasp had heard from the great flour mills at (Jxbridge that good grindings were going up 6s. a quarter, and sure to be quoted still higher next week, by reason of the cold wet harvest. But he did not intend to tell Uncle Corny this. That excellent gardener was under his big wall, which had formed part of the monastic enclosure, and was therefore the besfcpiece of brickwork in the parish, as well as a warm home and sure fortress to the peach and nectarine. This wall had its aspect about S.S.E., the best that can be for fruit trees, and was flanked with return-walls at either end; and the sunshine, whenever there seemed to be any, was dwelling and blushing in this kind embrace. The summers might be bitter— as they generally are— but if ever a peach donned crimson velvet in the South of England out of doors, it was sure to be sitting upon this old red wall and looking out for Uncle Corny. Mr. Cornelius Orchard-on, as most people called him when they tried to get his money, glanced over his shoulder when be hrard the baker coming, and then bo»an to drive a nail with more than usual care. Not that he ever drove any nail rashly ; such an act was for bidden by his constitution, but that he now was in his deepest calm, as every man ought to be in the neigh bourhood of a bargain. His manner was always col lected and dry, and his words quite as few as were need ful; and be' never showed any desire to get the better of any one, only a 6enee of contentment whenever he was not robbed. Tlfis is often the case with broad shouldered people, if they only move quietly and are not flurried ; and my go'od Uncle Corny possessed in his way every one of these elements of honesty. 41 Good morning, Mr. Orehaid6on,' said Rasp, the baker. ' What a pleasure it is to see a glimpse of sun at last. And what a fine colour thesa red bricks do give you !' ?* As good as the bakehouse,' said my Untie, shortly. 'But look out where you are treading, Ra6p.' I want every one of those strawberry-runners. What brings you hero ? I am rather busy now.' 'Well, I happentd to see as your door was open, so I thought I'd just jog your memory, to have them potatoes put up in the drv, while I've got my copper lighted.' ' Potatoes ! Why, you would not have them, Rasp. You {aid fifteen pence a bushel was a deal too inuca, and potatoes w-*ie all water such a year as this. And now I've got a better customer.' 'Well, it don't matter much either way,' said the baker; 4I but I always took you, Mr. Orchardson, to be a man of your word, sir— a man of your word.' 41 So I am. But I know what my words are; and we came to no agreement. Your very last words were, ? A shilling, and no more.' Can you deny that, Rasp?' ' Well, I didn't put it down, sir, and my memory plays tricks. But I told my wife that it was all settled ; and she said, ' Oh, I do like to deal with Mr. Orchard son, he gives such good measure.' So I brought round the money in this little bag, thirty- seven shillings and sixpence.* Never mind for a receipt, sir; everybody knows what you are.' ' Yes, so they do,' answered Uncle Corny ; ' they'd rather believe me than you, Master baker. Now, how much is flour gone up this morning, and floury potatoes to follow it ? Never a chat goes out of my gate, under one and sixpence a bushel.' ' This sort of thing is too much for me. There is something altogether wrong with the times. There is no living to be made out of them.' Mr. Rasp shook his head at the peaches on the wall, as if they were dainties he must not dare to look at. 'Rasp you shall have a peach,' declared my Uncle Corny, for he was a man who had come to a good deal of wisdom; 'you shall have the best peach on the whole of this wall, and that means about the best in England. I will not be put out with you, Rasp, for making a fine effort to cheat me. You are a baker, and you cannot help it.' If any other man in Sunbury web proud of hi3 honestv, so was Rasp; and taking this speech as a compliment to it, he smiled and pulled a paper-bag from his pocket to receive the best peach on the wall for his wife. ' What a difference one day's eun has made ! At one time I doubted if they would colour, for it is the worst summer I have known for many years. But they were all ready, as a maiden is to blush when she ex pects her sweetheart's name. With all my experience, I could scarcely have believed it. What a change since Saturday ! But ' live and learn ' is the gardener's rule. Galande, the best peach of all, in my opinion, is not jet ripe; but Grosse Mignonne is, and, though rather woolly in a year like '57, it is first-rate in a cool season. Observe the red spots near the caudal cavity; why. bless my heart, Rasp, I meant that for your wife !' ' My wife has a very sad toothache to-day, and she would never forgive me if I made it worse. But what wonderful things thty are to run !' This baker bad a gentle streak of juice in either runnel of his chin, which was shaped like a well-fed fleur-de-lis; and he wiped it all dry with the face of the bag, upon which his own name was printed. ' I knows a good thing when I sees it, and that's more than a woman in a hundred does. Don't believe they can taste, or at least very few of them. Why, they'd sooner have tea than a glass of good beer ! Howsoever, that's nought to do with business. Mr. Orchardson, what's your lowest figure ? With a wall of fruit coming on like them, sixpence a-piece and some thousands of them, you mustn't be hard on a neighbour.' My uncle sat down on his four-legged stool (which had bars acros3 the feet, for fear of sinking, when the ground was spongy), and he pulled his bag of vamp leather to the middle of his waistcoat, and felt for a shred and a nail. He had learned that it never ends in satisfaction if a man grows excited in view of a bar gain, or even shows any desire to deal. Then he put up his elbow, and tapped the nail in without hitting it hard, as the ignorant do. 'Come, I'll make a fair offer,' the baker exclaimed, for he never let business do justice to itself; ' an offer that jou might call handsome, if you was looking at it in a large point of view. I'll take fifty bushels at fifteen pence, pick 'em over myself, for the pigs and the men; and if any crusty people turn up, why here I 'Rasp, you make a great mistake,' said my Cncle, turning round upon his stool, and confronting him with strong honesty, ' if you suppose that I have anything to do with the nee you make of my potatoes. 1 sell you mv gools for the utmost I can get, and you take good care that it is very little. What you do with them afterwards is no concern of mine. I owe you no thanks, and you know me not from Adam, the moment you have paid me. This is the doctrine of free-trade — you recognise everything except men.' ' Tell you what it is,' replied the baker ; ' sooner than vex you, Mr.. Orchardson, I'll give sixteen pence all round, just as they come out of the row. Who could say fairer than that, now?' 'Eighteen is the money. Not a farthing under. From all that I can hear, it will be twenty pence to morrow. Why, here's another fine peach fit to come ! I shall send it'to your wife, and tell her you ate hers.' The gardener merrily nailed away, while the baker was winking his hands for nothing. 'You would never do such a thing as that,' he said ; ' a single man have no call to understand a woman ; but he knows what their nature is, or why did he avoid them ? My wife is as good a woman as can be ; but none of them was ever known to be quite perfect. If it must be eighteen, it inuft-and I'll take fifty.' 4 ? Ah, couldn't I tell you a bit of news?' said the baker, as he counted out the money. ' You are such a silent man, Mr. Orchardson, that a man of the world is afraid of you. A.nd the young fellow, your own nevvy, well, be may take after you in speech, but not about the ladies— ah, you never would bolieve it ! ' ' Well then, keep it to yourself, that's all. 1 don't want to hear a word against young Kit. And what's more, if I heard fifty, I wouldn't believe one of them.' 'No more wouldn't I. He's as steady a young fellow as ever drove a tax-cart. And so quiet io. his manners, why, you wouldn't think that butter ? ' ' His mother was a lady of birth and breeding. That's where he gets his manners from ; though there's plenty in our family for folk that deserve them Out with your news, man, whatever it is.' ?? Well, it don't'tro again him much,' the baker re plied, with 6ome fear — for my Uncle's face was stem, and the wall-hammer swung in his brown right hand ; ' and indeed you might take it the other way, if he had done it all on his road home from church. You know the bridge over the Halliford brook, or at least where it was, for it's all washed away, as you heard very likely this morning. What right had your nevvy there, going on for dark?' My uncle was a rather large-minded man; but without being loose or superior. 'Rasp, if it cornea to that,' he said, ' what right have you and I to be anywhere ?' 41 That's neither here nor there,' answered the baker, having always been a man of business, 'but wherever I go I pay my way. However, your Kit 'was down there, and no mistake. What you think he done? He punched Sam Henderson's head to begin with, for fear of him giving any help, and then he jumped into the water that was coming like a house on fire from Tim Osborne's dam, and out of it he polled Mother Marker and the pretty young lady as had been in church.' . ' Kit can swim,' said my uncle, shortly. ' It is a very dangerous trick to learn, being bound to jump in whenever anyone is drowning. Did the women go in for him to pull them out ?' 'Ah, ; you never did think much of them, Mr. Corny ; but you never had no inskin experience. Take 'em all round, they are pretty nigh as good as we are. But they never jumped in— no, you mustn't say that. They were bound to go home, and they were doing of it till the flood took their legs from under them. Mrs. Marker have been, this very morning, conversing along of my good missus, and was likely to stop when I was forced to come away, and you should hear her go on about your Kit ! And nobody knows if she has any friends. I am fc»ld when her time comes to go to Heaven she will have the disposal of four hundred pounds.' 'You be off to your wife!' cried. Uncle Corny; 4; Mrs. Marker is quite a young woman yet, but old enough to have discovered »hat men are. Go to your work. Rasp. I hate all gossip. But I am glad that Kit thrashed Sam Henderson.' Chapter V.— A LITTLE TIFF. Everybody knows, as he reads his newspaper, that nothing has ever yet happened in the woYld with enough of precision and accuracy to get itself described by those who saw it in the same or in even a similar manner. No wonder, then, that my little adventure— if I have any right to call it mine— presented itself in many different light?, not only to tho people among whom it spread, but even to the few who were present there and then. Mrs. Jenny Marker's account of what had happened was already very grand that Sunday eve ; but as soon as she had slept and dreamed upon i her great command of words proved unequal to the call made at the same moment by the mind and heart. Everybody listened, for her practice was to pay every little bill upon a Monday morning ; and almost every body was convinced that she was right. *' Miraculous is the only word that I can think of,' she said to Mrs. Cutthumb, who sold tin-tacks and cabbages ; ' not a miracle only of the sandy desert, bat of the places where the trees and waters grow.' 44 The Jordan, perhaps, you means, Mrs. Marker, ma'am ? Or did you please to have in your mind the Red Sea?' ' They were both in my mind, and both came upper most at the same moment, Mrs. Cutthumb. But the best authorities inform us now, that we must not look for more than we can understand. Yet I cannot under stand how Kit Orchardfon contrived after pulling me out to pull out our Miss Kitty. But look, here he comes! Why, he is everywhere almost. He seems to swing along so. His uncle ought to work him harder. Not that he is impudent. No one can say that of him. Too bashful for a man, in my opinion. Bnt he seems to have taken such a liking to me; and I must be his senior by a considerable time. I will go into your par lour, my dear Mrs. Cutthumb, and then I can look out for our poor Miss Kitty— ah, she is so very young, and no one to stand up for her !' 44 Excuse me, Miss Marker, if you please,' said Mrs. Cutthumb; but if I may make so bold to say, you are very young yourself, Mi6s, in years, though not in worship. And to be run away with from school is a thing that may occur to any girl when bootif ul. But concerning of Miss Kitty — bless her innocent young face ! — what you was pleased to say, ma'am, is most surprising.' 44 No, Mrs. Cutthumb, very far from that when you come to consider what human nature is. I never could do such things myself; I never could sleep easy in my bed, if I thought that they ever could be imputed to me. But when we look at things, it is our duty to remember that the world is made up of different people from what we are.' ' What experience you have had, ma'am, and yet keeping your complexion so ! Ah, if my poor Cut thumb could have kept away from the imperial ! But he said it were the duty of a Briton, and he done it. Sally, get away into the back yard, with your dolly. I beg your pardon, ma'am; for interrupting you of your words so.' ' Well, one thing I make a point of is,' Mrs. Mar ker continued with a gentle frown, 'never to enter into any domestic affairs, though without any bias of any sort, out of doors. We all have enough, as you know, Mrs. Cutthumb, and sometimes more than we can manage, to regulate our own histories. Miss Cold pepper is a remarkable lady, so very, so highly superior; but hear niece, our Miss Kitty, does not seem as yet to take after her in that particular; and scarcely to be wondered at when jou remember that she is not her niece at all of rights. But this is not a question to interest you much, nor anyone outside of what I might call the Coldpepper demesticity.' 11 What superior words you always do have, as it were in your muff, Mrs. Marker. But if you please to mean, Miss— being still so young I slips into it natu rally — the Coldpepper Manor, why I was born upon it, and so was my parents before me. And that makes it natural, as you might say, and proper for me to have a word to say about them. I remember all the Coldpeppers, since I was that high ; and it shall never go no further.' ' There is nothing to conceal. You must never fancy that of thsm. The Coldpeppers always were a haughty race and headstrong; but bold and outspoken, and defying of their neighbours. It. was bad for any one who crossed them ; you know that, if vou remem ber old Squire Nicholas. But Miss Kitty Fairthorn is not a Coldpepper. You 6ee you don't know everything about them, Mrs. Cutthumb. The Captain had been married before he ever saw Miss Monica.' 'Lor, Mre. Marker, you quite take my breath away ! And yet 1 might have known it; I was bound almost to know it the moment one conies to reflection. 4 Ki'ty' 's not a name at all becoming to the rank of the Manor of Coldpepper. I've been wondering about it many's the time : Arabella and Monica sounds some thing like; but Kitty isn't fit, except for women that has to get their own livelihood. Well, it eases my mind that she is not a Coldpepper.' 44 No, Mrs. Cutthumb ; but she is a Fairthorn ; and from all I hear the Fairthorns are much better known in the great world of London than our Coldpeppers. Captain Fairthorn is a man who has discovered more than the whole world knew in our fathers' days. He can make a bell ring in John O'Groat's house ; he can blow up a cliff at the Land's End from London ; he knows every wrinkle at the bottom of the sea ; he can make a ghost stand at eight corners of a room.' ' Can he save his own soul, ma'am ?' (he greengrocer asked, in a solemn voice, being a strict Wesleyan. Ci Them vanities, falsely called Science nowadays, is the depth of the snare of the Evil One. A learned man knows all the bottom of the sea and leaves his own child to be drownded in a brook, without it was for young Kit Orchardson. Can he save his own soul, Mrs. Marker, ma'am?1' ? ' Well, if I was to go by guesswork, I should say that he ha* not got very much of that to call his own. You know what Miss Monica was, although she has been such a time away from Funbury She took her first husband in spite of her father, and the second without a word to anybody. She had a son and two daughters by the Honourable Tom Bulwragg, and within a year after him she carried off poor Captain, who is now called Professor Fairthorn. But there, I am told, though I never set eyes on him, being made up of telegraphs and batteries and magnesia, and a thing they call hiderography, he is hardly ever at home for a week together, and knows more about the ocean's bed than about his own. And a lucky thing for him, for wouldn't she be a nagger if ever she should get the opportunity?' 41 That seems to be most unnatural, and against the will of the Almighty,' Mrs. Cutthumb replied after serious thought, ' that a lady should wish to reprove her husband, and yet find no ear to put it into. With all his inventions fordoing away distance, he ought to be able to manage it.' 41 It would make no difference, if he did, and could she expect him to pay for it ? His mind is so taken up when he is at home, (hat she might as veil go on at the bedpost. And if he was to open up his wires, it would be at his discretion to receive it all. ' This makes her rather harsh, as you can understand, with any one that has no help for it. And our poor Miss Kitty, being always in the way, and a rival as it were to her own children, oh she does know what pepper is, hot and cold, and every colour. ' Poor lamb ! And she do look so innocent and sweet, and so deserving of a real mother. No father to look after her, by your own account, ma'am, and a step-mother doing it according to her liking. Why don't she run away, such a booty as she is?' ' She is too sweet-tempered and well-principled for that. And she thinks all the world of her father; all the more, no doubt, because he cannot attend to her. His time is too precious for' him to mind his daughter. Not that he is money-making, far the other way. Those great discoverers, as I have hoard say, are the last to discover the holes in their pockets. Money, Mrs. Cutthumb has been too long discovered for him to take any heed of it. And that makes another source of trouble in the household. To think of our sending the big carriage and two footmen, to find a young lady in the third class at Feltham. I took care to keep it from Miss Coldpepper. 44 Oh, it would have been shocking,' cried the widow with her hands up. ' Why, the third class ain't good enough for a dead pig to drain in, any ways on the South- Western line. Well, ma'am, and how did Miss Coldpepper take it ? ' 44 Of these things I never speak out of the house. We are liable to err, the very best of us, I believe, and I know it from my own feelings. Those last 20 boxes of Star matches we had from you, Mrs. Cutthumb, were star*, and no mistake. Shooting stars they should be labelled. They go off like a cannon. I have had to pay for three new aprons, and it was a mercy they didn't set the house afire.' 'Oh, they hussies— they never know how to strike them ; and your Miss Coldpepper, she does change so often. Never so much as a month, ma'am, without some of them giving warning.' *4 That is no concern of yours. Mrs. Cutthumb. If you speak in this low style of Coldpepper Manor it will have to withdraw its custom, ma'am, from vour ? your little establishment.' Mrs. Jenny Marker, as she spoke thus, gathered in her jacket, which was plaited with blue velvet, — be- cause she was proud of her figure, or at least so some people said who could not well get at her pockets — and although she meant no more by this than to assert her own dignity, Mrs. Cutthumb, with all the fine feel ings of a widow, was naturally ' hurt, and showed it. And strange enough to say, though it seems such a trifle, what ensued made a very great difference to me. - ? 44 1 am truly grieved, madam,' she said, with a curtsey, ' that my little house, which is the best that I can afford, and my little shop, which was set up for me by very kind neighbours as owned no manors, when it pleased the Almighty to afflict me so, and deprive me of a good man who could always pay his rent, and never would allow me to be put upon ? ' 'A model husband, no doubt, Mrs. Cutthumb; except as 1 fancy you observed just now, for his devo tion to the imperial pint- or perhaps I should eay gallon.' 'May you never have a worse, if you ever catches any! And high time in life, ma'am, for you, Miss Jenny Marker^ or Mrs. whichever you may be, and nobody in Sunbury knows the bottom of it, to be thinking a little now of your soul, mi'am, and less of your body, and the other things that perish. You draw in your cloak, ma'am, or it isn't a cloak, nothing so suitable and sensible as that, just as if my poor goods wasn't good enough to touch it ! Perhaps that's the reason why you beats them down so. I beg you to remember, Jenny Marker, that I consider myself as good as you are, madam, though I am not tricked out with gew-gaws and fal-lals. And what 1 eats, I earns, ma'am, and not the bread of servitude.' ' That will do, my good woman. I never lose my temper ; though X have never been insulted before like this, even by the lowest people. Send in your little bill this verv afternoon, if one of your wonderful neigh Iwurs will be good enough to make it out for you, as you have never been taught to write, poor thing ! But whoever does it must not forget to deduct the price of three rotten French eggs.' CitAPTEU VI.— THE BEAUTIES OF NATURE. AVhile that bitter war was raging, 1 enjoyed a peace ful and gentle season. It happened that I had come up our village, on a matter of strict business, at a time' of day not at all unlikely to bo the very time of -Uy mentioned overnight, us the one which would suit Mrs. Marker and Miss Fairthorn for doing a little business in our village. 1 his might be explained, without any imputation on auy one I have the pleasure of knowing, for all of them will admit at once that it needs ho explanation. It is enough to eay, that when I had the honour of seeing two ladies safe home last tight, after ' pulling them out of the flood— as they both maintained, though never in it— no little gratitude had been ex pressed, and much gcod-will had been felt all round. And it would have been hard upon that state of things, if any '? Good-bye ' hud beeu said forever. For my part, although I had no great fear of being knocked on the head by Sam Henderson, it might have seemed haughty and even unfeeling if I had insisted too Btrongly upon my ability to take care of myself. Therefore I allowed them to consider me in peril ; and to this I was partly indebted, perhaps, for the oppor tunity of meeting them on Monday. It is true that I had not learned half as much about matters of the deepest interest to me as Mrs. Cutthumb, without any claim to such knowledge, was now possessed of ; but this might fairly be expected, for women have always been convinced that men have no right to know half as much as themselves. ' Let him find it out, 1 am not going to tell him,' is their too frequent attitude, while they f eol it a duty to their own sex to pour out almost everything. However, I have no desire to complain, and perhaps it is better thus; for if we knew all of their affairs we might think lees about them. And I was in a very deep condition of interest and wonder, not only from the hints I had received but ateo from the manifold additions of my fancy. In fact, it was far more than I could do to confine my heart to its proper work, when I saw theme two ladies come to do a little shopping. At that time there were only about a dozen of tJw houses in the narrow street that runs along the river which allowed the importance of selling -to compete with the necessity of dwelling. And the tew that did .appear inclined to do a little trade, if coaxed into it, were halt ashamed of their lato concession to she spirit of the age. No man had yet appeared who chatters the ancestml Eense of congruily, who route up the natives as a terrier bullies mastiffs, and scarcely even leaves them their own boneB. Andit may be maintained that people got things better and found them last longer than they ever do no w. And this was only natural, because it always took a much longer time to buy them. This enabled me to take my time about my own ? business, without any risk of being left behind by the lady housekeeper and her fair companion. From time to time I assured myself by a glance between flower pote, or among drapery, that my quest was not gone astray, that as yet I had not lost all that I oared to see, and that I could keep in my own background, while thinking of things far beyond me. It never had been my manner yet to be much afraid of anything ; not that I stood at all upon my valour, but simply because, to the best of my knowledge, I had no enemy' anywhere. Yet now, veiy much to my own surprise, instead of proper courage I was full of little doubts, and more misgivings than I canat all describe, and even a tendency to run away, and try to forget the very thing I was longing for. And I knew for a cer tainty that if the matter came to the very best oppor tunity, I was quite sure to do my yety worst, and cut a despicable figure, to my own undoing. I tried to recover myself, by doing a few strokes of business on my own account, going into the butcher's, and complaining sadly that he now weighed the foot in with the leg of mutton— a privilege only to be allowed to lamb -but he tail that it now was ordained by nature, and asked how 1 expected a poor sheep to walk. I knew that hjs logic would not go upon all-fours, but my wits were so loose that I let it pass; and at that very moment I discovered, betwixt the hearts of two bullocks, something very near my own. Miss Kitty Fairthbrn had beeu set free by Mrs. Jenny Marker, while the housekeeper was driving a bargain in soft goods, unfit for young comprehension. After that she was to go on for a walk with Widow Cutthumb, and meanwhile the young lady might look at the river, which was now rolling grandly in turbulent flood. Jt was rather ashy and delicate thing for me to go * also in that direction ; and the Lutcher (who never '*. confined his attention to his own mutton) was a? sure as could be to come out of his door and look all up the lane. For Sunbury people, as long as I have known them, lake a deep interest in one another's doings; and all the more so when they happen to perceive that their sympathy is not requested. Wherefore 1 hurried back to ask another question, as if there were nothing in my mind but meat, and then turned up an alley which would lead me round the back of some houses to the Halliford roiid farther on. There were many things now that I might have done more sensible, haply, than what I did. I might have gone home and had bread and cheese and a glass of mild ale with Uncle Corny ; or if that had seemed a little too ignoble, why not wander along the upper road and thence survey, as from a terrace— which used to be the origin of the word ' contemplate'— ihe many distant mazes of the flooded river, the trees along the margin bowing over their foundations, the weak smile of autumnal sunshine over the wrongs of its own neglect, and perhaps in the foreground a slender figure standing as if it were nothing in the mass. However, what I did was to go straight on towards the one in the world who. was all tbe world to me. Bj what process of reason or unreason, or pure stupid heart, 1 was come in such haste to this state of mind is more than X can explain to any, and 1 did not even try to explain it to myself. There was my condition, right or wrong, and those who cannot understand it may be proud of their cool wisdom ; and I without harm may do sorry for them. She wore a grey cloak, looking wonderfully simple, yet gathered in small at her beautiful waist, and trimmed at the skirts and over two little pockets, with a soft blue fur called vicunna. And the carried a little muff of the same material, and the strings of her hat (which was like a sei-shell) were also of a blue tint very sweetly matching. But the blue that was sweetest and richest of all was that of her large soft loving eyes, than which it is impossible for any poet to imagine anything in. heaven more lovely. However, I ehall not go on Bny-mbre;ebont her, though things may slip out unawares; and Without being rude, I may say plainly, that! have a .right to keep .such matters to myself. For a short time I was at a loss for the com monest presence Of mind, and stood wondering; hoping that she would turn round, and yet fearing that she . might think I had no business there. Her whole atten tion was taken up, as I knew by her attitude— for already 1 seemed to have a gift of understanding her— : not with any thought of people near her, but with the grandeur ot the rolling flood, and the breadth of quiet lake beyond it. She was saying to herself, so far as I could tell, ' What is the use of such a little dot as I am, and what is the value of my little troubles, when the mighty world goes on like this, and all I can do would not 'make a wrinkle and scarcely a flutter on the vast expanse?' Then suddenly, as if in dread of her own thoughts, she turned round and eaw me within a landyard of her. And if she had been taken in a rosy fog— for we are all ashamed of large thoughts, when caught in them— she coloured to the tint ot one of Uncle Corny 'fl peaches, though without any of the spots he was so proud of; and then she diew' one hand from her blue muff, and I.found it so soft and warm and precious, that I almost forgot to let it go again. 'Oh, how I am surprised to see you here! ' she said, as if mv general place of residence was the moon, and probably 1 looked as if it should be so. ' And I am eve-n more amassed to see you here,' I answered without any of my wits to help me, *' but I came to do a little bit of busineis with the butchfcr. He has been doing things he had no right to do.' ' I have often been told that they are inclined to take advantage,' she replied with a look which convinced me at once that she would make a first- rate house keeper, for what butcher could resist it? '-lydear father would have much trouble with them, if, if— I mean if he were at all allowed to have it. But he is always so full of great things.' ' Oh, what a happy man he must be ! I have heard that he is the most clever, and learned, and one of the most celebrated men iu London.' 1 may not have heard all that, but stili I was perfectly jusiified in say ing it, for it made her talk ; and every time she spoke, her voice sounded sweeter than it did the time before. ' You have been told the truth*; it is acknowledged universally,' ehe went on us if there were no fame to equal his, and with a sparkle in her blue eyes, as if a star liad flashed in heaven; ' there seems to be nothing that he does not know, and nothing that he does not improve by his knowledge, and make useful for— I mean the world at large. How I cart be his child, and yet eo stupid and slow- witted, is a thing that amazes me, and I am trying always not to thiuk of it.' ' I am sure you are not stupid. I am sure you are very quick-witted. I neversaw any one half eo clever, and' accomplished, and ladylike, and gentle, and'— ' lovely' was the word 1 was about to me, but she stopped me, with a smile that would fcave htopptd a i rushing bull. 'I am showing my quick wits, now, she said, pre senting the charm of her hand again, 'by never even thanking you fur all you did last evening. 1 was thinking' before you appeared, that but for you I thould probably be tossing in these wild waters now, or pro bably carried dovrn as far as London Bridge, without a chance even of being buried. Acd it made me eo sad, when I remembered that it would make no difference to anyone.' 'How can you say such a dreadful thing?' lex claimed with great indignation, for her eyes that had - been so full of light were darkened with sadness, and turned away; ' it is not true that I saved you in the laast, though I wish that I had ; I should deserve to live for ever; but you speak as if no one in the world had any love for the sweetest and best and most lovely creature in it.' ? This was going rather far, I must confess; not that any word of it was at all exaggerated, or even ap proached the proper mark, but that it might seem a little earlv on the part of one who had never had the pleasure of beholding the lady till the previous after noon. The remembrance oi this was *ery awkward to me, and I was wild with myself, but could not stop the mischief now. ' Wili you oblige me, Mr. Orchardson,' she asked, as gently as if I bad Bhown no folly, ' by just looking down or up the village to see if Mrs. Marker is coming. She was to have betn here ten minutes ago, and we have to make a long round now since the bridge on the lower road is washed away. I ought not to trouble you, but I never know exactly where I am in country places, although I love the country so.' This was more than I deserved ; for a good box on the ears was the proper reward for my frowardness, and I should have been lesi abashed by it. ' I am a bigger cad then Sam Henderson himself,' I whispered, with a timid glance at her. But she seemed at a loss to know what my meaning was ; and so, with a deep but very clumsy bow, I departed to do her bidding. Before I had taken many steps there appeared the lady housekeeper in the distance, walking with great dignity, perhaps to console herself for the insolence of that Widow Cutthumb. Of this I knew nothing as yet, though it was plain that something unrighteous had disturbed her. And this made my humble de meanour more soothing and pereuasive to her upright mind. After shaking her hand very warmly and pay ing a well-deserved compliment to ber fine colour, I ventured to implore a little favour, which the sight of our gaiden whII sparkling in the sunshine, for it was newly topped with broken gliEs, suggested by some goodluek to me. ' Oh, if you would only come,' I said, 'and see my uncle's trees to-morrow ! ' 'I hey are at their very best this week, before we begin to gutner largely. The pears are hanging down eo that we have had to prop the branches, and the plums are as thick as eggs together when the hen is sitting ; only instead of being pale some are of the richest gold and some of a deep purple, like— like that magnificent amethyst you wear; and the peaches on the wall— you might almost compare these to a lady's cheeks, when a gentleman tells her of Ler beauty ? ' ?? Rea'.ly. Mr. Orchardson, you are quite a poet ! ' ' And 'when you get tired of looking at them, and tasiing the ripest, all you have to do is to come into the vinery and sit beneatn the leaves, and look all along it, wherever the clusters leave any room to look, until you dun't know which you like the best, the ap j earauce of the black or the white ones, because 60 much depends upon the light. And then Uncle Corny comes with a pair of scissors, and says, ♦ Ma'am, that is not the way to look at it. The proof of the pud ding is ia the eatine,' and he hands you in a vine-leaf, being cai eful where he cuts it, a jet-black shoulder of Black Hamburg, and an amber- coloured triplet of White Muscat.' 'ilr. Orchardson, you are making my mouth water, if a vulgar expression may be allowed to one who eats the bread of servitude.' I wondered to hear her speak thus, though I saw that she had been aggrieved by somebody. 'And if you will be at home to-morrow afternoon, perhaps I might obtain permission to leave my mistress for an hour or two. 1 might walk down about four o'clock, when I have finished alt the black ing of boots.' - Something with a spiteful tang to it was rankling in her mind, as I perceived; but having no right to ask, I just lifted my hat, and gazed at her gold chain and brooch. Then a tear or two, started ty her own words, came forth, and she looked at me softly. ' You would add to the favour of your in vitation,' she said with a smile which made me look at something else, ' if you would include in it Miss Kitty Fairthera. Poor thing ! She is put upon very sadly ; and it would be such a treat for her. They see so little of the beauties of natute in London.' My reply was needless, both to her, and to the general public. {To be continued,) 