NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC COL- LEGE AT BALLARAT. THE OPENING CEREMONY. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) BALLARAT, TUESDAY. The opening of a new Roman Catholic College at Ballarat, to be called the Holy Ghost College, took place this afternoon in the presence of the Archbishop of Melbourne (Dr. Carr), the Bishop of Ballarat (Dr. Moore), Monsignor Hoyne, V.G., and a large gathering of the clergy and laity. Ihe college site comprises about three acre3 of ground fronting Sturt street, and nearly opposite Bishop Moore's palace. The place was the residence of Mr (now Judge; Gaunt, and was purchased by Bishop Moore, and by bim presented to the diocese ior educational purposes The original two storied building ia to remain, and will be used as quarters for the principal and teachers. During the past seven weeba the contractors for the collego buildings have erected a range of rooms covering half an acre of ground and enclosing a quadrangle. These buildings oro of pine, lined throughout, and roofed w ltli corrugated iron T he rooms in- clude a chapel 50ft. x 2Gtt, refectory 50tt. x 2bft , two dormitories,one SOft, x2bft,, and the other 41t'. x 26tt , three classrooms 50ft. x20ft., stud) IOIL x -Oft., and eight smaller private rooina The fice upon the quadrangle is a corridor 12ft. wide. Ihe lavatories ure spacious -uni well arranged, and proper veutihitton and lighting are tully studied. Airead) over 100 punda hine been enrolled, although tho buildings, which have coat ahead) over £4,u00, are not quite com- plete. In the prtncipil roora, in the presence of tilo clergy and I uty assembled, Dr Moore welcomed the Archbishop to Ballarat, and i tkankel htm wanui) for coming Dr Moore then went on to saj -I can say without exaggeration that the presence here to day ot eo many distinguished visitors who have kindlj come to grace our inaugural function ntlords me the liveliest pleasure I beg to thank you all most sincerely, and to assure jon that in accepting the invitation of the \erv Reverend Father Reffe jou bute likewise paul me a compliment which I gratefully acknow- ledge. It would be v am tor rae to attempt to conceal the mingled feelings of pride and pleaaure w Inch 1 experience on the present occasion lu the opening ot this college to- day I see realised at length a hope which I cherished tot jenrs Todiy it opens with every beiitting circumstance, and under the brightest auspices. 1 rum tina daj tont arti I shall h ive the happiness of knowing that within this duvese «ve have mnde ampio pro vision to aitord our bo)a ti thorough anti finished education Uur primary schools are lu the hands ot excellent tr lined tendiera 1 he Christian brothers here, na well as clse w here, keep well up to the standard ot their institute, which na you know, is very high praise. Yet until now a margin-and that a very important margin-of the held of educa- tion iemained almost ii notwhollj unoccupied. Indeed, had we contented ourselves with ap- pearances, we could have supplied this want ere now alter a fashion But we felt it due to the grave interests involved-to the tem poral well being and the spiritual sufetj of our boys-to s ive them from the demoralising influence of feeble and hollow training. We chose rather to work on anti wait until we should tie in a position to olTer them found intellectual education 1 do not entertain the slijíiitiat doubt that this college will very soon prove itself worth nil our labour mid anxiety-worth more than it has cost to bring it into existence 1 am very san gtnne of ita complete success, anti 1 think that I cannot be fur wrong, for I am following the lead of facts Those facts are not unknown to you anr longer. The n suits nclueved in the v anona branches of the higher studies at the Black Rock College, undet the Father» of tho liol) Ghost, bear eloquent testiiuouj lo the superiority of their teaching Indeed, it would be high praise ior any of the richi) endowed colleges to have scored Buch a run cf brilliant victories. But when we see the fathers left to their own resources and enter ing the lists with wealthy and time honoured institution», whose proiessors are men ol really eminent schol irstup, their triumphs muat be aacribed to quite superior methods ot instruction, carried nut with unremitting diligence Father Retío und bia devoted brother priest» carrv with them to this now foundation the same approved system mid the same earnest labour loving spirit that made the n punition of Black Rock In a abort time jou will hear of risulta similar to those registered to I ather Reffe a credit through Great Britain and Ireland As I um now on the subject ot edin alton, you will permit me to notice certain reproaches which secularists seek to fasten on us , and by dint ot repetition tiley have come, I dare Bil), to be accepted bj a credulous puunc ne ure up- braided with caring nothing tor the spread of education amongst the people; we are taxed with hostihtj to the progress of en lightment ; we ure Bind to coerce our people into supporting denomination ii schools, mid to deter them against their judcjiíent and wiall from mailing themselves of the free state education, which m fact tiley pny for. '1 heae broad asserttona are very commonly repeated in the columna of the secularist press ; and, of courae, they Bound verj plausible to men whose in« derate prejudices prepare thom tor any accusation against the Cithohc church. Now let tis test these assertions by the light of n few facia 'f he priests nre accused of coercing the laut. Well, then, Catholics must be very much leas than men if they act in this minter against their better judgment Tor, see what it costa them-Within the last jear, in this diocese of Ballarat, the maintenance ot primary Rchoola alono coat the Catholics no less than 111,500 'Ihey pa> at least this annually to support what the) are saul to condemn, mid they also pay their share tor the support of the state schools, whoso advantage» they forego in every possible case, Remember that the Catholic popu- lation ia not very much above .TO.OOO Moreover, very many families m the couniry places ure so far apart from other Catholics that the support oi a Catholic Behool is out of their power. Hence the -(¡,500 ia met annually by only a portion ol the total popu- lation of .0,000, but «vherever they are in BOthcient numbers they need no spur from the priests. I gladly bear thia teatimony to the spirit and liberaht) ot our people Now for the higher education. '1 IIIH college aa )ouuowBie it represents an outlay within little over one year of 110,000 In the same time t have punt alvin 10,800 in order to establish two other centres ot intermediate education. And juat now we huve signed contracts to the amount, of C4 500 tor educational purposes exclusively. So that in one year this young diocese of Bulbin«, with a Calimbe population nt Burne 30,000, lins had an outltij ot at least 1.7,800 detraj ed by the voluntary contributions of the laity, the clent), and myself, and all for education \\\ iib such facts as these to support us, I think we may calmly dismiss the vague and baseless charges to which I havu called jour attention. We arc most anxious to have our people educated and fully equipped for the iiard battle ot life. We deaire to see them grot« up in the full eiijotment of those price- less advantages which ure the fruit of en- lightenment. We nre alive to the fact that in these days of keen and know nig competition the odds are heavy against the uniiistructctl All these reasons weigh with ua, and greatly influence us. We arc actuated in the Hame direction by even other motives Who trimmed toe lamp of science anti kept it burning through long uges of barbaric darkness? Whodrudged anti toiled, with no incentive but the pure love ot knowledge and of truth, in order to «ave from utter wreck the remnant, they found to hand of a bvgoue civilisation ? The clerics und the monks of the Catholic Church. Wo aro to dny the heirs ninl representatives of those men. It is our pride and our duty to keep their un- selfish spirit ulive, and to teach It to those who shall succeed us. MonBignor HOTNL, addressing the Vory Rev. Father Reffe on behalt of the priests of the dioceso, assured lum of their pleasure lu being associated with Bishop Moore in con- tributing towards the completion of the noble work, which they regurded ua the cro«vning reault of their long anti nrduoua efforts In the cause of Catholic education. One oi the moat promising circumstances m connection with the new college was the fact that ¡t started on its course under father II. flu's direction, tor he brought to the tusk the experience of a quarter nt a century of unqualified «uccesa in the homo couutry. Monaignor Hoyne, on behalf of the priests, then presented Dr Refto with II purse continuing 1,1.12 sovereigns us u contri- bution towards thocollige Dr. It_HL, in ihe course of Ins reply, nfttr having returned thanks for the gem rous gilt, saul,-1 deem it needless lo spink lit re at tut) length upon the worth of higher ed marion, nor on tho ned of n which now exists in this part of the ttoriil. Everyone that biara me will be ready ni admit that education must exert avery gnat nilli nie upon the luture dcatum a ol this aspiring land To prepare jouths lor tommerci ii or priife«aioiial success, anti to surround their charaittr with every social grace-this t-> but a Hiumdar) object of its lolly and commendable ambition It li is higher aims in view , ti has in tiew tho main li nance ol our imperillt 1 ruht« the «indica tion ot our just pretensions 'tho time lins dune, and I inn glad >ou ful it, vc In ti Catho'ics, unless tiny have- resigned them aultts to be contemptuously jostled out of the race ol prugrtBs-unless they have resign, d iheinnclve-t to be the ' llouted victims of e«i ry bidder for public favour who may look upon itua bia Interest I to condemn them to obacnrity and hardship -must send forward men to tin-lit tor them who to all the gttca ot nature have carefully superadded every aptitude for battle which the fullest and the Inchest education can bestow In this patt of the globe, as is avowed to be the case in every other, educa tion is the force which must be put into operation to resist the crowing prevalence of wrninrnnd falsehood We nre living in an ace which all the world ovens pre eminently an nae of intellectual and moral conflict and in such an npe, every DISH who would be au iliiied to make b13 murk, every man who would desire to render himself capable of striking n successful blow for justice, honour, truih, or freedom, must have a sword to wield and must be trained to wield it with advantage It is education that must fortify the citadel*) of morality and truth , it IB education which must multiply the champions of religion and o£ principle, which must rouso them from the perilous securit) of fancied peace which must marshal and equip and lend them into the held '1 heenemies ol the Church are aware of this, and strenuously en- deavour to make of it a most oftective engine for the further mee ot their worst and most nefarious purposes. Education, ruutilateil and degraded by being divorced from religion, winch gives it its rehinng and ennobling power, has become the blicht and curse ot many landa , it threatens to become the curse of this , to some extent jolt know that it airead) has be- come BO There is a melanchol) same- ness in the methods of impietj, intolerance, and oppression in ever) a"e and clime which ithey have tainted and disgraced 1-aier since time day when our Divine Redeemer blessed the little ones, and pronounced resomblance to them a condition of our fitness for Uis kingdom, it his been the constant; aim of His assailants-the constunt aim ot those who hate himself because they will not bend their minds and hearts into a prac- tical compliance with His tiaching-to deface the moral beauty which Ile praised, and friistrato all endeavour to restore it 1 hey ever) where have laboured, and are labouring still with nu Binar me energy and perseverance, to extend nn.I to perpetuate their inlluciica bj mnkinir ot the ' bad boy the father of the bad man ' bj sowing in the jouthful mind the fatal germs winch, fostered by thu succours of a, soil and air propitious to their growth ranv eventual!) fill the world with the worst and bitterest fruits of nnarchj and irreligión 13ad education his thus been everywhere era plosed to brui,; about that Belt abasement which ia known "lo ynvo the WAI 1 or 1 illaius bonil uiiel ilespota siva) It has been the banotul agency em I ployed to temper the uuhol) mixture out of which w ere to be lashioned the oppressor an 1 the bondman, as it lins been n*>ed both to distil and to commend to unsuspicious lips the horrible tratisiorining dose, which makes it put to sleep an angel wake 11 rnckliss ind unbrntcd libertine It ni neuve lu this countr) at this hour, ita mischievous device is tit chis hour a blot upon the statute book, which prides itself 11 pon coiitaimngnotliingout of keeping with theclnimsoflibext) and justice. It has taken measures towards i-niramraeliii.; Catholicism, ana we know how often this Um been a prelude to disfranchising and fetteruu the Catholic It is iigniiisc this thing of evil we are called on to mnko war Me know it to have been notorious elsewhere, it is else- where daily chanting us insulting purni, its course lus been a course of triumph almost/ ever) where but where the faith and chivalry of Ireland have been the toes that Hung Into the breach iig-unttt it buch are the torees that are here opposed to it, mid so 1 trent the issue is to be the sime as it baa been on every buttle ground where these auiuf.ouista' have measured swords. Till, BAMJliU After the presentation, the company ad- journed to the refectory where a bunnfuet was prepared llr Hello presided, having Archbishop Carr on bia ric,ht and Disbop Moore on his lut, and among those present were Prior liutler, 1 ither (J 1 urrell, Messrs. D Brooby and I Uigliliin, Knights of be tiregorj, and Mr 13 Murphy, \f t, A Dr KEFFF, m proposing the health of Arch- bishop Cirr, referred to the efforts of tho reverend prelnto in the cause of education ever since he caine to these shores. Ile hail not ceased lifting up his voice on behalf nt ?he claims of the Catholics tor equality lit the mutter of education In repljmg, Archbishop Cvrit thinlted Dr. Helle, und spoke highly ot the measure1) taken by Ilwhop Moore to provide tor the ph)sical, nitellictiiiil, and spiritual needs ot hi« people He had succeeded in all of them, an 1 rcierrmg to the one mostl) connected with that di) s preceedmgs the ltisljop ill bringing to IJulluriit the 1 utliers nt talia (aonlriiteruit) ol the liol) Ohost had made sure that there was not one brunell of ti» higher intellectuil training or eiluiutnn: that was not certain to be supplied Hu rejoiced to seo a college conducted bj these I iitherseätiiblisheil here, and believt d that tho c mau of Cutholict-duc mon would be adv ancid b) it. Isiterring to the question of senptun. teaching in tue -.tate sciioois, tile nrcnoisnop said thnt it waa through the Catholic Church that the scriptures had been handed down lo the civilised wort!. The Ciitholica revered tho scriptures as the revealed truth, anti took care that their people «vere instructed III them through the nulhorit« Christ himself lind set up ni the church tor the puri>ose of interpreting them The Ciitholica were not opposed to the teaching of tho scriptures, but the) did not believe in their being put m the hands of children in the state schools tor each boy or girt to take a portion of them to found each Ina own religion upon. II« con- cluded with congratulating the Bishop, Father Belle, and the dioeeae oil the in atigiinition ot the college. 1'ather Un PE then proposed the health of tim founder ot tho college. Bishop Moore, and 111 doing BO alluded to his munificence, his kindness lo the lathers of d10 college, and the trouble he hail taken in founding the college. Dr. Mooni-, in rep!) ¡tig, said that it give him great pleasure 10 se ' the fulfilment that da) ot a long cherished scheme. The open- ing ot tina college gave lum sincere griitiiu*a non, anil he marked the event na a red.letter dBy. The sympathy ot tho clergy with tim movement, na they had seen, had taken practical form, Ile waa proud of Ina clergy and his people, who had never refused no- thing he lind naked of them. Ile was satis lied that with the assistance and co-oporiitiuii of the clergy and laity the college would be a pronounced success The healths of Monaignor Hoyne, rather O'Fnrrcll, Prior Butler, Mesara. Brophy and Coghlan, and Mr. G. G. Morton were then drunk. Archbishop Carr then proposed the health of Dr. Reffe, mid m doing so dilated upon the aucceaa Blackrock College had uchieved under hin presidency. Father Reffu briefly responded, and tl_a proceedinga ended. 