] FICTION. t t -:0; ' \ Frow nngUib, Araertcnii, und oltitr.Periodical!, § , [BY CAPTAIN R. M. HAWTHOBHB.] J - CHAPTER XXV. j |l A MYSTIPifeD GOVERNOR. I ¡j Gov. Hugh Forrester is entitled to a few minutes' ."I attention at our hands. \ After having strenuously resisted every attempt |j to obtain a second respite for Clyde Billingham, he . ' JP had become the most anxious of all that the life of ;'« Jg the condemned should be spared for a time. /, M ' The reader has learned that it was through his s''m .resolute perseverance that the reprieve reached i & Dugdale in tlie nick of time. K| The reason for this decisive change in the mood I of the chief executive of the state has also been k made clear to our readers, B Gov. Forrester was in a state of woeful bewitder f ment. v t t f"), "I'll be hanged if I can grasp it," he muttered 'i when left for a few minutes alone in his largo room 1 in the Capitol ; " if that wasn't Clyde Dillingham j í that walked into my room at the hotel, then there never was such a person in existence. And yet," continued the sorely perplexed Governor, " Sheriff Beckwith assures me that he has never been outside of the jail «nee he was placed there." We have explained that the Governor was ex ¿n tremely sensitive to ridicule. He had already "t committed himself to a certain extent witU the I telegraphist at the hotel, and Sheriff Beckwith ' must have IJiought <fre Governor asked him an extraordinary5 guesüon when he called him to account over the^nSfwiph. He could not examnre these men any further, he ?was sorry he haisaid anything to them. " There's only one man in the world that I dare «v tell the story to," concluded the Governor, " that's Gen. Tom ; by Jove ! I'll send for him." That morning Gen. Grandin received a despatch from Gov. Hugh Forrester, urging him to come to the Indian Queen and' spend the night with him, as he wished to consult him upon a delicate matter. f Gen. Grandin kisBed Myrtle good bye, and took dinner that evening with his old comrade in arms. » Sitting alone over their cigars and wino there was no "General" or " Governor," it was simply " Hugh" and " Tom," just as it was in the dear loag ago, when they were wild, roystering youths together. "Now that you are here," said Hugh, after the table had been cleared and the Perfectos lighted, " I hesitate to make known the reason that led me to seriti for you." " I did not dream, Hugh, that the time would ever come when you would hesitate to tell me any- thing ; it certainly has not reached that pass when I could feel reluctant to ask your counsel on the most secret act of my life." Hugh winced a little and looked down to the . floor, as if the debate in his mind was not quite finished. " It is hardly fair, Tom, to put it that way, for I ^ am sure-Tom, do you believe in ghosts ?" asked Hugh, looking up quickly and speaking with a " desperation of manner that startled the other. " Do I believe in ghosts !" he repeated, as if un- certain whether he had heard aright ; "no ; and nobody does, unless "it is some old woman, or bab- bling child, or infernal fool ! What do you mean, hy asking me that question ?" " I've had an experience which troubles me." " What is it ?" Thereupon Hugh related the incident of a few nights before, when Clyde Dillingham walked into the very room where they were then sitting and held a conversation with him. Hugh Forrester repeated everything that was said, doing so with the utmost earnestness of manner. ». " When he asked me for a second respite and Sheriff Beckwith assured me on his honor that he was at that moment in his prison cell almost seventy miles away- why, what is a fellow to think of it !" . The relator of this strange incident expected to see his comrade break into uproarious laughter, for both of the men were as devoid of superstition as it is possible for two mortals to be ; but the soldier looked as serious as his friend. "I don't kilow what to think, Hugh," he finally paid, watching the smoke from his cigar as it «urled toward the ceiling; "since you and I have grown up it seems to me that the world is turning upside down ; I can't begin to explain one half of the confounded things thataregoingonright under my own nose. Were you feeling unusually nervons over anything ?" " Not at all." " Hadn't boen reading any ghost stories or yarns about disembodied spirits and that sort of rubbish ?" " I never read anything of the kind." ' " Tou didn't used to, but when a man gets into politics there's no guessing how low he will descend. TVere you thinking much about this Clyde Dilling ham business ?" " Yes, I was greatly oppressed over it ; it had been on my mind for several days, and, as the time : fixed for the execution approached, the pressure' became fearful." " That explains it." "That explains wluit ?" demanded Hugh Forres- ter. "Why, how you came to feel sovdepressed j con- found it ! what do you suppose I meant ?" " But I have just told you how that was ; what I want to know is how it was that Clyde Dilling ham could be in gaol at Dugdale and down here at Riverton at the same time." " That's what I want to know." vThe Governor looked half angrily at the general, suspecting that he was trifling with him; but never did the face of the bronzed old soldier wear A graver,exj)ression. J I - Il ---. Il I II Gov. Forrester once more looked down at the carpet, as a man will sometimes do, when mentally 1 perplexed. Gen. Grandin pulled his moustache until he almost started the blood. He was striving despe- rately to keep back the laugh that was struggling at the corners of his mouth. He wculd have given a great deal, could ho have gone somewhere and laughed until his sides ached. Never was his manner more solemn than when he leaned forward, and placing his hand upon the shoulder of his dear old friend, just as he had done hundreds of times before, saying : " Hugh, we are getting along in life, and we are not wise if we do not look forward to the great change which cannot be very far off at the best. We may ridicule this spirit business all we choose, but you and I know that there aro facts all around us which no philosophy of yours or mine can explain. This is one of them ; be content to believe that it served a good purpoäe." I " I suppose I shall have to accept that view of it, but I tell you, Tom, it makes me feel mighty strange." " So it would make we feel, if I had gone through such an experience." " Do you doubt what I tell you ?" " Not in the least." " And why don't you doubt it ?" " Because you told me." The reply was so good that the tears came in the Governor's eyes, and he extended his hand with the remark: " You're the same old Tom." "And always will be» when we scratch off the 1 Governor, well find grand, good Hugh Forrester ' beneath, and so it's shake again." Later that evening, when Gen. Grandin found himself alone in his room, he gave way to his mirth, but like that of Leather-stocking, it was silent as well as hearty. " Poor Hugh," he muttered, when at last able to control himself, "if he only knew," CHAPTER XXVI. AN ASTOUNDING DISCOVERY. Meyer, the detective,''was chagrined and disap- pointed, for while fce was hopeful of locating the arch conspirator of this infamous business, he had quietly slipped from his grasp. But the officer was philosophical. "There's no use of crying for spilt milk," he concluded, sauntering toward the hotel; "I am convinced that my man is in Dugdale, and that he does not suspect my presence here. He is a mighty shrewd fellow, but I know him better than ho knows me." As it was yet early in the evening he decided to call on Gen. Grandin, where he was always wel- come. He found the general and his daughter at home, and the hours passed rapidly. They were in high spirits over the success that had crowned their efforts so far, and they caught the encouragement of the detective's words and manner. In entering and leaving the residence of Gen. Grandin, Meyer took good care that he was not shadowed. Had he discovered the least ground for misgiving, he would not have turned into the gate, but nothing could convince him that his identity was known to anyone in Dugdale excepting to the few friends to whom he had imparted the secret. The storm continued through the night, but cleared away in the morning. The air became crisp and bracing, and Detective Meyer not only felt hopeful over what had been accomplished, but was extiemely grateful to find himself rapidly re- gaining his wonted vigor and health. Indeed, he felt that he was as good in every respect as ever before, and, since it is impossible for a man in the enjoyment of bounding health to feel miserable for any length of time, it can be understood that he was in anything but a dismal mood. It was too soon to expect a reply from hiB tele- gram of the day before, and he went ovor to the jewellery store of Mr. Waring, the expert who had carefully examined the Southern Cross in the pre- sence of Dillingham and the original owner, Max Crumm. " Was there no mistake about the genuineness of the diamonds that were the cause of that murder in the Haunted Hollow ?" asked Meyer, after some aimless conversation. Mr. Waring scrutinized his visitor closely, but did not suspect his identity. What stronger proof could be given of the effec- tiveness of tho disguise of the detective ? " No," replied Mr. Waring, " I examined them» under a microscope and tested them with acid Every one of the gems, including that fifty carat specimen, was a brilliant of the first water. I never saw anything like it." " What value would you place upon the Southern Cross ?" The jeweller shook his head. " When you get up above a dozen carats a dia- mond is worth whatever it will bring. Such a one as the chief of those five would tempi a king, and, if he bought it legitimately', he would have to bid up among the hundreds ot thousands." " And the owner wanted to borrow only 100 dois, on the whole collection." " So he stated in this store, in the presence of Clyde Dillingham ; but ho waB a crank." "I have permission to examine the Southern CroBs, which is in the safe of the county treasurer. I wiu be obliged if you will accompany me." MrtsWaring felt flattered by the invitation, and, locking the door of his store, he walked the short distance to the office of the custodian of the effects of the murdered miner. It took the ponderous official a considerable while to produce the precious collection, and then he watched it with so much trepidation that both his visitors smiled. The detective first took them in hand, turning them over and over, and fairly holding his breath with delight. Mr. Waring stood at his elbow calmly watching him, while the treasurer stationed himself by the outer door, as if to prevent the visitors from running off with the prize. The morning sun was streaming through the windows, and Meyer took a few paces, so as to allow the rays to strike upon the jewels. He was still attentively examining them, giving . utterance now and then to bursts of admiration, I when Mr. Waring started. " Let me have those for a minute," he said in such a quick voice that the officer knew something was wrong. The Southern Cross was passed to the expert who subjected them to the closest possible inspec- tion, lasting several minutes. The treasurer and detective, meanwhilo, watched him with deep interest. Suddenly Mr. Waring emitted a low whistle. "Well, well," he said, as if speaking to him- self ; " if that isn't alittle ahead of everything yet.'' " Explain what you mean, sir." " You asked me a few minutes ago what I valued the Southern Cross at." "I did j I would be glad to know." "That," replied Mr. Waring, flinging the collec- < tion back to the treasurer, as though it were an i .rdinary brass key, " is worth, perhaps, 15 dollars or 20 dollars." "How is that?" " Simply because there isn't a genuine diamond among the five; everyone is paste!" " Ah, then, you were deceived in the first place," remarked the astounded detective. " No, sir ; I was never deceived in my deliberate judgment of a diamond. The Southern Cross which was tested in my store was genuine and worth a prince's ransom, but this collection is another al l together ; it is bogus ; it is »tot the Southern Cross !" This was an amazing statement to make-so amazing, indeed, that Detective Meyer refused to credit it until the expert brought in some acid from his Btore and tested the diamonds. Then it was seen that they were counterfeits j the biting acid quickly told the truth. " I applied the same test in my store," said Mr. Waring, "in the presence of Clyde Dillingham, who is somewhat of an expert himself, and he was satisfied of their genuineness." " Was the collection of diamonds that were taken from his trunk and used on the trial examined by yon ?" "Noj OTily so far as to identify them in the court room. I had no suspicion at that time of any deception, -*nd these are made in such close imi- tation that I pronounced them genuine without any actual test." " Had you done that, Clyde Dillingham would have been cleared of the charge against him." " Undoubtedly he would j but was there ever a better imitation ?" asked Mr. Waring, picking up the collection again and turning it over in the sun- light. " It is wonderful, indeed, but this discovery of yours has fairly knocked mo off my feet," said Meyer, who felt faint for a few minutes ; " let us keep the discovery a secret for the present." The jeweller having satisfied the others that he was right, now pointed out a number of minor differences between the twisted wire into which the paste imitations had been woven with so much skill and cunning, and that which contained the marvellous collection that was carried into Dugdale Bank. The detective having never seen the original, could only accept what was told him, but he knew t^iat his informant was correct to the minutest particular. "The Southern Cross was such an extraordinary collection," said he, " that I examined it with the utmost care, when the miner came into my store last spring with Clyde Dillingham. Its appear- ance was stamped upon my memory to the minutest particular." " Then you were careless when you passed judg- ment upon it in the court room." " I must admit it ; the day was so cloudy that shortly after I identified it the lamps were lit. I was, therefore, unable to detect the minor differ- ences that I have pointed out, and which I would not have noticed now but for the glare of sun- light." Thanking the obliging tradesman for his cour- tesy, the detective walked thoughtfully back to the hotel. "We are advancing step by step," he said to himself, with the old thrill which stirred him when he knew he had struck the right trail and was making certain progress. Mr. Max Crumm walked into the Dugdale Bank last May with the genuine Southern Cross, and offered it for a loan so trifling that the act was suspicious of itself. He carried with him instruc- tions in cypher that Clyde Dillingham, the cashier, was the man who was to be decoyed to Haunted Hollow. That much had already been established, but the discovery just made emphasized the truth. The sagacious officer saw that any theory that' presented itself to his mind was accompanied by difficulties in the way of consistency which juBt then were beyond his skill. " It might be asked why," he continued, follow- ing his favourite practice of pushing the theories he had formed to a conclusion, "Max Crumm did not go directly to him, instead of talcing the roundabout course of first applying to the presi- dent of the bank. Suppose Mr. Hapgood had advanced the loan, where then would the frowsy miner have been ? Obviously, at some disad- vantage, though he would have found the means of carrying out the specific business that took him thither. " But some intimate acquaintance of Dillingham ' made known the fact that he was a great admirer of diamonds, and it was pretty sure that he would bite at the bait thus thrown out, as he really did. Then, too, Mr, Hapgood is a conservative old gentleman, who, as the same well-informed indi- vidual knew, would not advance ten dollars of the bank's funds upon the Koh-i-noor of England, though he might be persuaded to do so from his own pocket, provided the bonus was high enough. " At any rate, the scheme went through. The instigator of the conspiracy was in hiding at Haunted Hollow, with the understanding that at the proper moment the pistol shot should be fired that would slay Clyde Dillingham-that is to say, ' such was the understanding of Max Crumm, though the other intended that the miner should be shot in his stead, as was the case. "Why Max Crumm should have attempted to withdraw-from his own proposition to leave the diamondB^ith Dillingham while still on the road to Haunted Hollow (as well as some other little peculiarities about this most particular case), is more than I can attempt to explain just now. " The discovery of the paste Southern Cross in Dillingham's trunk makes possible if not probable another feature of the business. The bogus one may have been placed there in the secret compart- ment several days before ; it must have been done by some one who was well acquainted with Dill- ingham, and the original immensely valuable constellation is-where ?" The detective was growing anxious for a reply to the telegram to New York, but as he could not ex- pect that for several hours, he once more called up- on Clyde Dillingham in the jail, with an account of the important discovery ho had make. Naturally the young man was astounded and ab- solutely at a loss to explain its meaning. " It proves just what we suspected from the first," said Meyer, " and establishes more clearly than be- fore that the whole plot was planned by some mis- creant who had an intimate Knowledge of your habits, manner of living, your room, trunk, furni- ture and indeed everything necessary for him to know. He has the diamonds, if he has not already disposed of them." " How came you to ask the jeweller to examine them ? Did you suspect their genuineness. " I cannot say that I did, but I had an ill-defined suspicion that such an inspection would result in something that possibly might be of benefit to ns. But when he declared that they were not only bogus, but were not the ones that he had inspected some month's before, you might have knocked me down with a feather. Are you still at a loss foi one f upon whom to fasten snspicion ?" I " As much as if I were the man in the moon." " Keep your thoughts at work and it may come to yon after a while," said the detective, as he bade his friend good bye. He was pleasantly disappointed on reaching the hotel to find a telegram awaiting him, the same being a reply to the inquiry 'ho had sent the even- ing before. " Max Crumm landed from the steamer Germania on the 13th March last. Nicholas Phawmet was not with him, nor does his name appear among the passengers of any of the steamship |lists until this morning, when he arrived from Liverpool on the TJmbria." Detective Meyer studied this dispatch for several minutes. Then, without making known his inten- tion to anyone, ho caught up his grip-sack and took the next train for the City of New York. (To 5c continued.) 