THE GLOBE TROTTER. Indian Ghost Charms. Tho dread of ghosts is common to all tho aboriginal races of India, from whom it bas been very generally adopted by their Aryan conquerors, and even by the lower classes of Mohammedans. All ghosts are believed to be misohievouo, and some of them bitterly malicious, and the only way to oppose their rancor is to build shrines for them, ond to make them offer- ings of a fowl, a pig, or, on grand occasions, of a buffalo. Any severe illness, and more especially any epidemic disease, such BS small-pox or cholera, is attributed to tho malignancy cf these spirits, who mast be propitiated accordingly. The man-tiger is, parhapg, the most dreaded of all theeo demon ghosts ; for when a tiger has killed a man, the tiger is supposed to be safe from barm, as the spirit of the man rides upon his head, and keeps him clear of danger. Accordingly, it is believed that the only eure mode of destroying a tiger who bas killed many people it to bfgin by making offerings to the spirits of his victims, thereby depriving him of their valuable services. The ghosts most easily propitiated are those who have met a violent or untimely death, whether by design or accident, in- cluding poison and disease. Even women who die in childbirth or wretches who aro hanged for their crimes are believed to have the same powers o! causicg their evil to the living as those who have been killed by tigers, or by lightning, or by any other violent cauEe. All these deified spirits are often distinguished by some term denoting the manner of their death ; thus, the post of a man killed by lightning is called the "Lightning Ghost," that of ono killed by a snake, thc " Snako Ghost," and so on. The ; ghosts of women who dio duting childlirlh are supposed to be specially powerful m:d vindictive. Most of the deceased perf m s whoso spirits are now worshipped wire the ancestors of some of the aborigines, end r.s General Cunningham, the head r.f tho archaeological survey of India, says, their worship is generally local, and oonñncd to the limits occupied by their respectivo tribes. Thc ceremonies obaetvtd in propitiating the ghosts consists mainly of the c fining cf goats, fowls, pigs, Honers, or fruit, of the recitation of prayer?, and the einging cf certain mantras, or charms, thc last bung the most important of all. These charms, which are always sung by men at thc dif- ferent shrines, are of two kindB- thc "Sabare charms" and the "mystical in- cantations." The former are addressed to the deified ghosts of the dead, tho perform ance being generally oarricd cut in tho country, or thc place where tho corpse waa burned, and tho latter are used for thn pur- pose of compelling epiritR to appear Bsd re- ceive the orders of the performer. 