IN moving the address in reply in the Assembly on Tuesday, the Australian Native youth, as well as the actual mover, may be said to have been upon its mettle. In his maiden speech, Mr Peacock was expected to vindicate the choice of the electors. And this vindication must be held to be fairly complete. Asa rule, the mover and seconder of an address in reply are supposed to be entrusted with a function which is purely formal, and colorless. If the speeches are decently readable, and do not irritate the practical reader by too strong a re semblance to copy, they are accepted as satisfying the necessities of the oc casion. Even legislative veterans are charitable to the neophyte who is ready to instruct them in the true principle of political economy, and who would, at a stroke, sweep away every existing institution which has a taint of rottenness about it, and give us instead a perfect and glorious political fabric, based upon the great white lock of eternal truth. It, after all, is only a paraphrase of the honest ardour of the youth who would fain go forth to attack dragons, armed only with uninformed coutage and a wooden sword. Old politicians smile kindly when this weapon is brandished before them, because they have a tender memory of the time when they believed their own little wooden sword to be all prevailing. Mr PEACOCK said truly that it was absurd to disqualify a man from the Civil Ser vice because he was more than so many years old, or less then so many inches high. No one will seriously pretend that capacity and efficiency are matters of either inches or years, and yet the present restrictive regulations must mean this if they mean anything. We do not disqualify a teacher, or a preacher, a military general, or a Minister of the Crown, on any such grounds, just because we know better than to do so. If EUCLID is right, the greater always includes the less, and if short men and comparatively old men are good enough for statesmen and generals, how comes it that they are not to be trusted with work much less exacting ? We are glad to notice that the Colonel and his junior have already taken the matter up in a way which will lead, it is to be hoped, to practical results. Some of the remarks made by both mover and seconder of the address in reply are, however, not only open to adveise challenge, out posi tively demand it Mr PEACOCK repre sents a mining constituency, and Mr FOSTER does the same, and is also chairman of a prospecting board. We took occasion some time since to point out that Mr Foster’s publicly ex pressed convictions, followed to their legitimate results, would require his immediate resignation of his official connection with the distribution of the prospecting vote. On his own showing he is accessory to a sad waste of public money. Mr PEACOCK tells us that he would like the whole vote handed over to a sort of mining star chamber, which would allot the money at its own discretion and in its own time and way. It is something new to find a representative of a country and a mining constituency advocating a form of centralisation which could hardly be other than inequitable and corrupt. With charming confidence he informed the House that he, personally, would have preferred that the prospecting boards had never been brought into existence at all. An older man might have remembered that, under the circumstances, it was hardly seemly to condemn offhand the result of much previous Parliamentary labor, and that an arrangement brought about by the united exertions of capable and experienced men, de served some little measure of respect, even from a hostile critic. But Mr PEACOCK ignores considerations so common place He, at any rate, is cock sure about it all. It is told of a venerable college don that, alluding to some vexed and abstruse question, he stated that even the youngest of the students was not ab solutely sure about it. Clearly that youngest student was not the mover of the address in reply. Only on Tuesday last we gave an instance out of many wherein a grant from the prospecting vote to one of Mr PEA- COCK'S obnoxious “joint stock com panies” led to good and profitable results, the value and extent of which even at present is assuredly very great. The two great requisites for our gold mining industry are capital and enterprise. Even a small State giant attracts the one and encourages the other. The utterly unexpected achievement of dealing finally with the address in reply in a single sitting is explained variously. But whether the Opposition calculated to find the Go vernment unprepared to go on with business, or whether its leaders took the lesson of the election to heart, matters at present but little. In any case the country is the gainer, and the Opposition is to be congratulated upon the wholesome change of tactics. AN official inspection of a proposed site for a new railway station at North Ballarat is to be made to-morrow, and we understand the Commissioners have instructed their officers to ex amine and report upon certain pro- posals to relieve the Lydiard street crossing from some of its press of traffic. The almost continual ciush at the Lydiard street crossing is a serious inconvenience, and also a danger to the Railway Depaitment, as well as to the public. We may, there- fore, assume that the Commissioners will readily co operate with the citizens in any well considered scheme for reducing this inconvenience and this danger. One of the plans pro- posed, and which has been before the public for some time past, is by a con- tinuation of Grenville street across and under the railway line. Such a work would incidentally involve another much-needed public improvement, viz, the removal of the present unsightly and dangerous cutting which acts as a storm channel to the Yarrowee be- tween Mair street and the Alfred Hall. All needful fairway for flood water could be obtained by an arched culvert, and with such a culvert built Gienville street could be extended on its present lines to a junction with Nolan and Ligar streets, to the north of the rail- way. The present double culvert under the line could remain as it is, and a sufficient opening pierced thiough the embankment in or near the centre of the street line. Were this carried out the traffic through Lydiard street would be relieved, and it would be also a great convenience to residents on Soldiers Hill. The City and Town Councils would no doubt cheerfully bear a share of the cost, and the benefit of the proposed work would be enor mous The Ballarat Prospecting Board will meet on Saturday next, to deal with business in connection with the applications recently made by mining companies for assistance from the prospecting vote 1889 80. The board will divide itself into sections for the purpose of inspecting the mines and claims of the various applicants The Britannia United Company are now engaged in removing from their claim the distinctions to which exception has been taken by the Town Council, On Saturday last the company were served with a notice by the council threatening that if the ob structions, which were considered to endan ger life and pioperty in the neighborhood of the Jewish Synagogue, were not removed within three days, legal proceedings would be taken by the council. It may, however, be added that before receiving the notice the company had decided to remove the obstruc tions complained of by the representatives of the ratepayers. The Water Commissioners are not allow ing the matter of securing extra facilities for water in the reserves under their control to rest. They are now in communication with the Water Supply Department on the subject, and are urging the claims of Bal larat in this matter They desire a pre liminary that an officer of the department be sent up to report upon the best means of providing for the very urgent wants of the City and Town in this respect The young man James Liston, whose criti- oil condition was referred to in The Star a day or two ago, has succumbed to the after effects of his accident. It will be remem bered that he was admitted to the Hospital on the 10th inst. suffering from a gunshot wound under the right shoulder. Owing to the low condition in which the shock to his system and excessive loss of blood left him, it was decided to defer amputating his arm, but as gangrene set in it was found necessary to take away the injured member. This was done, but Liston did not recover The par ticulars were communicated to the coroner, who decided that under the circumstances an enquiry was not necessary, so Dr Scott signed the certificate of death Mr John Heinz, butcher, of Bridge and Main streets, has consented to fall in with the weekly half-holiday movement, agreed on by the master butchers of Ballarat. Yesterday forenoon the firebells rang out an alarm of fire, but on the brigades turn ing out it was found that the signal conveyed to the station was a false one, caused by the top of a house which was in course of re- moval on a jinker touching a wire connected with a Bright fire alarm. For the first time since the winter rains set in the reservoirs last week gained by the downpour. The depths of the reservoirs are now as follow;—Beal's, 12 feet, as against 11 feet last week; Pincott’s, overflowing—last week, 12 feet; Kirk’s, 31 feet 1 inch, as against 23 feet 9 inches last week; (long Gong, 42 feet, compared with 42 feet 2 inches last week. From this it will be seen that by the week’s usage of water the Gong Gong reservoir was only reduced by 2 inches in depth This means that since Wednesday of last week there has been a good inflow into this place of storage. Pin cott’s dam is overflowing, owing to the gates having been closed to allow the water to settle. The rainfall recorded at Kirk’s reservoir for the week ending yesterday was 1.32 inches, and at Beale’s reservoir 1.17 inches. There was no fall at either of the reserves mentioned during the previous week. The increase of water stored is as yet scarcely appreciable at any of the reser voirs, the rain that had previously fallen having only sufficed to soak the ground suf ficiently to allow the water to drain over it. The men are now, and have been for several weeks past, engaged clearing out the catch ment drains, so that the reservoirs may reap the fall advantage from whatever rain falls. Should no further downpour take place within the next few days, however, the ground will have to be saturated again be- fore the water will flow into the dams. The prospects of rain falling within that time are, fortunately, good, as the indications are in favor of a downpour before the present week closes. It will be seen on reference to our adver tising columns that the meeting advertised to be held in the Manchester Unity Hall this evening in connection with the Y M C A has been unavoidably postponed, owing to the receipt of the following telegram “Specially detained. Virgo summoned home direct. Postpone meeting. Very sorry.— W. A Southwell.” A meeting of the building committee of the City branch of the ANA was held last night at Craig’s hotel; Mr J. T. Walker (president) in the chair. The various mem- bers of committee who had undertaken to canvass for the placing of debentures for the proposed hall in Camp street reported the results of their labors. These reports were so favorable that it was considered advisable to lose no time in calling for tenders for the erection of the first storey of the hill, with offices in front and other necessary adjuncts. A sub committee was appointed to confer with the architects (Messrs Tappin, Gilbert, and Denehy) as to details, and report to the committee. In all probability tenders will be called for in the course of a few days. In order to meet re- quirements that have arisen since the original plans were adopted, it is probable that a slight modification in those agreed upon will be made. On Tuesday evening, what appears to hive been a barefaced robbery was committed at the Cosmopolitan hotel, Lydiard street, by a youth aged about 17 years. It seems that during the absence of the barman the lad went behind the counter and carried off a tumbler, which contained a large number of half crowns, shillings, sixpences, and other coins. He then, it is stated, proceeded to a neighboring hostelry, counted the cash, and subsequently proceeded to a third public house and engaged a bed for the night Shortly afterwards the barman of the Cos mopolitan hotel missed the cash, and, sus- pecting the alleged thief, proceeded in search of him. He was successful in the search, and, on entering the room in which the youth was sleeping, he picked up the garment which contained the money said to be stolen, and re took possession of the cash Fearing the inconvenience of a police court prosecution, the matter was not reported to the police. A young man named John Kelly, a resi- dent of Lexton, who was employed at a saw mill at Mount Cole, near Beaufort, met with a severe accident yesterday. He was taking a load of timber from the mill to Beaufort, and was sitting on the pole, driving, when the under part of the waggon gave way Kelly was thrown to the ground and dragged for some distance. He was brought in to the Ballarat Hospital and admitted, as he had sustained a compound fracture of one of his legs The well known mining firm of Chalk and Cahir have removed from their late offices in Sturt street to No 28 Lydiard street, which will be in future the registered offices of the following companies —Egerton, Seven Hills Estate Freehold, Napier Freehold, New Kong Meng, Hepburn No. 1, Prince of Wales and Bonshaw, Sebastopol Plateau, Cambrian, North Band and Barton, Home bush Freehold, Buninyong Estate, Smith's Homebush, Great Extended Egerton, and Leviathan Gold Mines Estate. The new offices of the firm have been fitted with every convenience for the carrying on of the business, and are very commodious William Maclean, a young man living in Lyons street, had his lip split open at the Phoenix Foundry yesterday by a blow from a hammer. He at once went to the Hos pital, where his injury was attended to. A young man named James Hare, an employe of Messrs Irving, Glover and Co., came to grief yesterday morning near the Hospital, in Sturt street, by being thrown violently from his bicycle on his head. It appears that he was riding at a rapid pace up the street, when became into collision with Mr Griffin's spring cart with such force that the bicycle was smashed into pieces. Hare was picked up insensible, and Mr Griffin very kindly drove him home. The usual meeting of the Peel street Methodist Mutual improvement Associa tion was held last night. There was a large attendance. The ladies took a large space of the meeting throughout; Mrs Tolliday occupied the chair. A good programme was presented, comprising a reading entitled “The ghost of gnat,” a song, two short papers on “ Noble women” and “ Girl-life in Norway” respectively ; three recitations, “ The uncle,” and an extract from Moore’s “Lalla Rookh,” and one on “Women's rights.” Every item was rendered capi- tally, and heartily applauded. The whole meeting was conducted in a manner that reflected the greatest credit on the ladies concerned. This was the first time the ladies had a meeting to themselves. The “ladies’ evenings” will in future be anticipated with much pleasure. We congratulate the ladies of Peel street Methodist Church on their ability as entertainers. A railway navvy named Jackson has re ported to the Ballarat East police that he was on Tuesday night robbed of a purse containing £4 in notes and some silver while on a visit to a house in the lower end of the Main road. Jackson has accused a woman of the robbery. The larceny of a pair of boots from a shop in the Main road has also been reported to the police. A great deal of interest is being taken in the football match to be played on Saturday on the Eastern Oval between the South Bal larat and Ballarat Imperial clubs. The members of both teams are training most assiduously, and every evening a large num ber of players are at the Eastern Oval. The match is the first for the season between the two clubs, and will doubtless draw a very large attendance. The Ballarat East branch of the Australian Natives Association gives a ladies night this evening at the termination of the general business of the society. A good programme has been arranged, and the public is invited. The entertainment will be held in the large hall of the Fire Brigade Station, Barkly street Services were held yesterday, at the Synagogue, Barkly street, in connection with the festival of Pentecost. There were huge attendances. The Rev. I. M. Gold reich officiated. To day, the last day of the Pentecost, services will be again held. The congregation of the Ebenezer Church, Armstrong street, have resolved to call the Rev. C Cameron, of Campbelltown, Tas mania. The Rev. Mr Dunn (late of New Zealand) was also nominated for the vacant pulpit. Of course the usual formalities will have to be gone through before the call is presented, and permission to moderate in the call must be obtained from the Presbytery. Mr Cameron, who is a gentleman of middle age, and unmarried, filled the pulpit at the Ebenezer Church on two Sundays, and his preaching gave much satisfaction. The secretaries of the Moore statue fund beg to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of the following donations, per Mr G G. Morton, J.P, Labona :—From Mr Donald Wallace, Ballark, £3 3s; and from Mr W. H. H Bacchus, Peerewur, £l. Two persons were dealt with at the City Police Court yesterday morning on charges of drunkenness. Messrs Permewan and Serjeant, J.'sP , were the presiding magistrates. Mr W J. Swift, late of the Main road, who has been selected out of nine applicants for the position of dispenser for the United Friendly Societies’ Dispensary, entered upon his new duties yesterday. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Public Library Committee was held on Tuesday last. Present—The president (Mr Robertson) in the chair, and Messrs Rosen blum, Mulligan, Glenn, Molloy, Lakeland, Elsworth, and the Rev. Canon Mac Murray. The minutes of the former meeting were lead and confirmed. Apologies were re ceived from Messrs Roff and Rehfisch. The librarian laid on the table a new work, pre sented to the library by Mr Dodgshun, through Mr Roff, entitled “Old Yorkshire.’’ The librarian was instructed to acknow- ledge the gift. The monthly accounts were passed, and a sub committee was appointed to draw up a form of classification for the new catalogue. A committee meeting of the Lydiard street Wesleyan Sunday school demonstra tion was held last Tuesday evening. The chairman congratulated the management on the great success attained by the school on the occasion of their anniversary, and stated that the Rev J. F. Ewing, the Hon. Sir James MacBain, and other prominent Christian workers in Melbourne had ex pressed a desire to be furnished with infor mation relative to the mode of working the school and statistics relating thereto. The secretary promised to furnish the same. Reference was made to the excellent service rendered the school by the local press, and the services of Miss M. Quick, who gave valuable aid in the quartets and duets ren dered during the Sunday services, and the public demonstrations were referred to as the young lady’s name was inadvertently omitted from the reports of the proceedings. Monday next is the last day on which application may be made for the transfer of licensed victuallers’ licenses at the ensuing sittings of the licensing court in Ballarat A young man, a knight of the anvil (writes a correspondent), will shortly lead to the hymeneal altar a young lady who has been performing scholastic duties for some time past. Both are well known and highly respected residents of Sebastopol. A must enjoyable gathering (writes a correspondent) took place at the Mechanics' Institute in the pretty little township of Rokewood, on the 15th ult , when a grand tea and entertainment was given by our highly esteemed favorites, Mr and Mrs Elder, of “The Meadows and Strathnairn, St Kilda,” the occasion being to introduce to the residents their charming daughter-in- law, Mrs John Elder, daughter of the well known banker, of Melbourne, Mr Gillespie. Although she had only been amongst us for a few weeks, she has already, by her sweet disposition and kindly manner, won the good wishes of all who have met her. After tea, at which fully 450 people sat down, the company adjourned to the gardens surrounding the hall, while the tables were being cleared, and were delighted during the promenade with the music rendered by a special band engaged from Geelong. The entertainment was one of the best we have had in this district for many years, several ladies and gentlemen from the metropolis taking part in it, assisted by our local talent. During the evening Mr Max well, of Melbourne, caused much amusement by his comic recitations. Mr Gillespie thanked the audience for the kindly way in winch they had received his daughter amongst them. Mr John Elder, in a neat little speech, tendered his sincere thanks to all on behalf of his wife and himself. Thorough enjoyment was the order of the evening, and, after God save the Queen had been sung, the large assemblage, with a “God bless you both” to the happy young couple, dispersed to their homes, highly delighted with the pleasant evening they had spent A curiosity in the form of a native mill (sajs the Riponshire Advocate) has been dis covered by Mr Robert Pitcher, of near Mount Cole. The implement, which con sists of two pieces of sandstone, the larger 6 inches square by 3 inches thick, seems to have been used for the purpose of grinding grain, and the smaller stone, which is egg shaped, has apparently been used as a pounder or grinder, is 3 inches from end to end. Both stones have been well worn. Mr Pitcher unearthed the articles whilst plough ing. Both stones lay together surrounded by the soil, and were cleaned. The Full Court in New South Wales has upheld the conviction of Rody Hogan, who was sentenced to death for the murder of William Guilfoyle, at Herbert Point. It was urged that the dying depositions could not be accepted as evidence, because they were unsigned. The court ruled that as the depositions had been affirmed in the presence of witnesses that was sufficient. Mr R Deasy, M.P., one of the Home Rule delegates, addressed a large meeting at Warragul on Monday evening, the chair being occupied by Mr J. B Witton, the president of the shire council. Mr Deasy spoke for about two hours, his address being frequently applauded. A sum of £100 was subscribed. Mr Deasy informed the meet mg that over £10,000 had been received in aid of the mission during the past month Speaking at Cootamundra on Monday night, Mr Fehon, one of the Railway Com missioners, said in regard to the differential rates it was a large question affecting other places than this, but they had discussed it and consulted with the Victorian authorities on it, and hoped in a short time, on Mr Speight’s return, to do something to remedy it. Victoria felt its effects and had made a proposition for increased rates, in order to get better returns. The distribution of seed wheat to farmers in New South Wales whose crops failed last season is almost concluded. Upwards of 50,000 bushels of wheat has been distributed to 1600 applicants In the New South Wales Assembly on Tuesday night it was stated that the Parkes Administration has so far recognised the im- portance of establishing works for the treat ment of refractory ores that correspondence has been entered into with the Agent- General to procure the most suitable prac- tical man to come to the colony to super- intend such an institution. The whole sub jected was debated on a resolution by Mr Torphy, to the effect that the Government should without delay erect in a central posi tion, close to a railway and a coal mine, works for scientifically treating in bulk auriferous and argentiferous refractory ores, metallurgists and smelters to be brought from Swansea or Freiburg for the purpose. It was pointed out by Mr Tonkin that the only practical way to deal with the question was for the Government to undertake the matter on a large scale, and erect works similar to those in Germany or England He said that one-tenth of the people of the colony were now living by mining, and that if the works indicated were established hun- dreds of mines might be properly worked. 