H"PK FOR THE DE»F. NICHOLSON'S Patented Artificial Ear Drums cure Deafness in all its stages. The most astonishing cures have been affected, patented and sold in all the civilised countries of the world. Send for 332 page Illustrated Book, containing J saay on Deaf ness and Noises in the Head, illustrations of the drums, copies of patent papers, letters from doctors, editors, lawyers and others who have been cured by these wonderful drums, and who recommend them. A most interesting book. Name this paper. Dr. Nicholson, Lincoln's Inn Chambers, Williams.reet, Melbourne.—[ADVT.1 ec is overbubbling with fun ; she dresses with much taste and talks with much haste, her delivery being a trifle too rapid for the audience, whe try their darndest to gallop alongside of her, and the Yankee twang is sprinkled all over the performance. Life is too short to attempt to elucidate the alleged plot, but it is only fair to sav that Miss Putnam makes as much as possible out of a part that hasn't "much in it." Mr. George Boniface, junr., is an American comedian who carries an immense reputation with him from the land of the stars and stripes. He had the misfortune to be cast for nothing better than an idiotic nigger servant, and srcceeded in getting away with it. We trust ere long to see him in a part, Mr. Emery, as Old Bailstorm, played nicely and quietly, and gave promise of much better things in future. Miss Nellie S'rickland, another new-comer, had scarcely anything further to do than look nice, an easy task on her part. Messrs. Lawrence and Bernard were also included in the cast, and did what little they bad to do effectively. Mis& Harcourt's name figured on the programme, she having just about as much to do as everybody else, with the * xception of Miss Putnam, atjd when it is borne in mind that Lena runs the whole blooming show, it will be resdily understood that that wasn't much. Among the people specially engaged for the production is Mrs. George Cordon, whose efforts are completely wasted on such juhbish as " Lena, the Madcap.' The claims of "My Sweetheait" and " The Tomboy " are just about worked clean out in Melbourne; enough is as good as a feast, and truth to tell, on the score,that we can have too much of a " good thing, ' the sooner such pieces of the "Lena, the Madcap," description art hurled into obscurity the better. There is one little redeeming feature in this otherwise chaotic production, the scenery of Harry Grist. The sooner the Clark and Putnam management call a rehearsal for a real play, the better for Miss Katie Putnam,- Mr. Frank Clark, the public, ourselves, and, in short, everybody concerned. Is " Patience," as produced this week at the Princess', we see one of those peculiar cafes of blacksliding revival to which the triumvirate have treated us so often of late years. The managing theory seems to be that after people have once ssen a thing well rendered and have become familiar with it, any shadowy suggestion of the same will satisfy the popular taste. "Patience" has been fairly well done in Melbourne, at one time and another, and those who have acquired a fondness for the opera will be little less than exasperated over its present condition among us. Mr. Vernon's Bunthorne is as good as formerly, Miss Ida Osborne's Lady Angela is satisfactory, and Mr. Grundy's Colonel is very good indeed, while Misses Varley and Lewis pleasirgly outline the minor parts of the Ladies Saphir and Ella. But these operas were intended to be performed perfectly; there is no part of either this score or libretto which will admit of slovenly treatment, and that is why the abovementioned efforts are not sufficient to save' the whole show. Miss Liddiard is humorous as Lady Jane, but alas ! her humour ia not the humour of Gilbert, and her make-up is almost enough to nullify the effect of half her lines. Surely this attractive young lady has intelligence to see that Lady Jane was a " distinctly plain " individual. A massive person and a vigorous deportment are not all that is wanted ; a plain face is absolutely necessary or the part becomes meaningless. Mr. Marnock is not so bad aGrosvenoras we have seen, but he is far from good. He is too ponderous, both in speech and gait, and his dancing is fatal. Mr. Leumane is also a trifle slow in his acting and his dancing makes us weary. Miss Pollard's faults are merely negative, her effort as a whole being acceptable, but much more has often been done with the character by more matured artists. The sextette in the first act is sung so carelessly and with so illy-balanced voices that one would never suspect its beauties, the quintette song and dance in the second act lacks finish, and the duet between Bunthorne and Grosvenor is one of the worst things in the performance, though that is not Bunthorne's fault. The chorus is eicelent and the scenery, mounting, etc., unexceptionable. A DRAMATISATION by Phil Beck of F rgus Hume's nov. 1, " Madam Midas," was put on to a crowded house at the Alexandra on Saturday, night last. The drama is a fairly good one, and some parts contain sufficient thrill to galvanise a philosophical and undemonstrative saurian with a lame jaw, sitting on a tomb at milnight, if the play could A FAIR, BEAUTIFUL SKIN.—Sulpholine Sosp gives the natural tint and pracli-like Bloom of a pcrfect complexion, makes the skin smooth, supple, healthy, comfortable.—Gd Tablets. Evarywhere. possibly be laid out before him under those distressing circumstances, but other parts go slow and drag with the weary sloth of a small boy hauling a ton of wood up a hill. "Madam Midas" firtt burBts on the view on a lead adjacent to Ballarat, where that speculative female is running a gold mine on her own hook arid delving into the bowels of the mighty universe, seeking a quartz reef calculated to go one t ouedftd ounces to the ton and leave enough in the tailings to keep a colony of fishy 1 eathens fossicking twenty years. At this period of her existence Madam is driven to desperation and loud language and pursued vigorously by a groggy outrage on the face of nature with a carbuncled nose and an aspect of patient and persistent drinking of rum when it's red. This degraded feature is her huband according to law, but, as he has already squandered numerous large fortunes on Warrenheip whiskey and Castlemaine ale, she casts him off with a tragedy gesture, and tells him to die in the gutter ; but he evidently has an objection to a wet and slimy death, being prejudiced in favour of the gallows, and he goes on in his old wayB of " williany " and paths of badness, hearted on by a nondescript villain with very few arms and legs and a bung eye. Early in the proceedings Mis. Midas engages a famall, cynical Frenchman, who disguises his appalling moral corruption and long- standing depravity under an air of youth and some personal beauty to write out cheques and do odd jobs about the mine. This Mr. Gaston Vandeloupe, an escaped convict fiom New Caledonia ; he is in company with a dumb desperado who has also escaped. Dr. Yorke, the moral hero of the piece, an authority on hemlock and all-round specialist in poisons, at once sizes the esti'ay Frenchman up as a bad lot, and is almost convinced of bis identity with a famous Parisian poisoner. Not so the obje* t of his love, Kitty Marcburst, who, until the arrival of the fascinating outlaw, regarded his anvances with some favour but immediately goes over to that wily scoffer of frogs, and pours out the great wealth of her young affections of bis No 5 feet. The pace livens up and the play begins to jig when Madam Midas, having struck it rich, is carting a junk of gold as big as a brick about the district in a pony carriage, and is set upon by her bottle-nosed husband, who, prompted by the woodenlegged nondescript with the bung eye, and hearted on with rum, thumps the wife of his bosom over the head with a club, intent on getting away with the nugget. Vandeloupe, the nonchalant, the dtboi- owever, has received an inkling of the planned outrage, and he looms up, accompanied by his dumb satellite, and scoops the pool. A struggle ensues between the voiceless foreigner and the inebriated Mr. Madam Midas, duiing which a knife is drawn by the former. Vandeloupe, seeing an opportunity of getting rid of his dumb encumbrance, seizes the knife, and st»bs that individual' till he can no longer contain himself in consequenceof the apertures, and is forced to hand over the ghost. It is easy to convince the rum-soaked hu band that it was he who had committed the deed, and that young man proceeds to make himself scarce on those diggings. Vandeloupe's next transaction of consequence is his flight with Kitty Marchurst to Melbourne, he having persuaded that ingenious and very susceptible damsel to become " hisn." The play now drif s into a lot of mixed business, and hangs heavily and sags in places, but is relieved on the point of becoming seriously inconvenient by the intervention of the tcheming Frenchman, who is always an object of living interest. Vandeloupe has now waxed weary of Kitty, and he airily informs her that their marriage was not valid, and, as he has other projects afoot, she had better seek another situation. But the beauteous recidivisle is nearly played out, and, after some wandering roand, and a glimpse of Kitty roaming alone in Bourke-street at midnight, along with a hansom cab and a saveloy stall, and her rescue from the bands of several young noblemen disguised in liquor by her old flame, Dr. Yorke, we are led into Madame Midas' mansion, where Vandeloupe is preparing to poison diverse people preparatory to marrying the lucky speculatrix. Here fate comes down ou him suddenly ; he is arrested for divers crimes, criminal, capital, and otherwise, but poisons himself and dies game, leaving a corpse on the hands of justice. As a plav, " Madam Midas" is infinitely superior to " The Mysteries of a Hansom CMS, 1 ' by tbe same author. In the hands of Mr. Philip Beck, the character of Gaston Vandeloupe receives admirable treatment; this impersonation alone might save & much worse play from rackand ruin ; it is thoroughly consistent, and of moving i Lte»est from post to finibh ; his handsome, dapper CHATEA V TAHJiJJ.K WIKJSS. HIGHEST AWARDS. Prize Medals, Philadelphia, Paris, Melbourne, Adelaide, Bordeaux, Amsterdam Calcutta, and wherever vhibite . Melb u ue Cellars—486 (13J>) Collins-acreot. London Cellars—7a Lower Belgiave-street, 'Grosvenor Gat* dene, Txmdon, 6.W. Frenchman is delightful and devili 6v, pleasant relief from the customary roarj n ^ * ruffian. Mr. Boothman IB much as (art of Dr. Yorke; Mr. E. W. osual h i e . . the g'oggy busband with the carbuncled no by-the-way, turns up broken and contrite^' • last act with the vermilion scrubbed off h ,Ul ^ 16 and the atmosphere of rum dissipated fr 0 about him, gives a creditable representatin ^ Stoneham requires no prompting in the cart it^' dumb person from New California, and Mr ^ as the nondescript with " the bungeye and ^ in his gait," " CUBEBS " wit»» vigour AND D nation, and wears a timber leg as if to born. Miss Katberine Russell is not well 1 as Madam Midas. Miss Lily Daiy.pier ie and vivacious in the first act, but appears t« advantage when stetped in sorrow andmiawL Miss Julia Merton has a part that suitB her wti Miss Twexby, a gushing, giddy young thin? the other side of thirty, who Wanb be kissed awful bad, and the rest - well It rest till next week, when we will take excecti m various features about that goldmine. ST. GEOEGE'S HALL was packed ]jkeTHE verbial sardine tin, and a right royal «el extended Barry Bickarde on his return Satn"" night last. 'Arry opened up with that tender "Ma -in-Law,"' everybody appearing in jjo ejj(j characters, aud Rickards himself in more than body else. This trifle was well received au8 old favourites hitched on. Part two introduce, remarkably clever pianiBte, a Mies E Fernandez, Miss Marion Constance, the Ski maniac, followed by the Lilliputians, whose formanccs, besides having a strong dash of novelty about them, are worked with such dexta that they i dually become one of the "biw features of a very strong bill. Miss Ada Del " champion lady dancer," then takes the flure a ''Sweet Bouquet," and, suffice to siy that dainty I elroy is rewarded with an unmiBtak encore on each "trip." A couple of Spa 1 Student's, who have lately joined the show th in-a few contributions, which are well received even though this kind of thing has been &lr;< done to death in the Marvellous. Pat and Murphy, two new arrivals, representatives of j song and dance, made their first appearance < strengthen the show considerably. Every$ said and done by Pat and Ella called down sir of laughter from those present. When Murphys understand Melbourne audiences ali better, there is no earthly reason why they sh" not become immensly popular. This over and to a hurricane of applause, Harry Rickards, sang reveral songs ia his best style. Mr, J; Bell and the other bistijons played out time " The Elopement." Mes&is.; Jenkins and Leete their work cut out for them finding B accommodation on the opening night, Ins Pewtress and his company were also preBent.' THE programme put up at the Victoria Hall. Saturday was new—in parts. For instance,® Murray was taken up and dumped down into; first part V\ hy on earth this should be so know not; it is a bigger conundrum than ever Whitburns and Gilmores attempted to figore Of course, it may have been a sudden inspira" on the part of the management, but when it borne in mind that Mr. Murray's comic singing the one big thing of tbe whole night, we thinki just a trifle rough on Slade. Palmer {C understudy) might have been put in the So might Marion. Matlock we have* alreai in the middle chair. Then again, how atbut Bergin ? while Compton, unless we make a big mistake, could give the whole crowd a start. Miss Amy Rowe, who has the opening again this week, has also a little cautelor plaint. Gilmore is yery successful in his fittt turn, and Whitburn gives his last week'scon bution. Miss James, Bergin and Matlocksa to encores. The finale, " Mesmerism," sbonlj wrapped in paper and*put away on the tops, Marion and Bfell (who are finishing up engagement) appeared in one of their of Charles Qompton has wisely refrained from, tinuing tbe "Same Old Story," and now pnt' 6ome excellent work, including "The Whi Coon," -which always finds great favour wit* audience. Whitburn has resuscitated "M New Bonnet for Mother." The BonbairsT their acrobatic business. To show how j»; they are, we may mention that on Saturday two huge bouquets arrived at the Ball|ul| hour before opening. Slade Murray's Mary Ann" is one of Slade Murray's bestth^ was, of course, well received. " The Wig-nia another dose of agony, winds up proceeding^ ME. MACCABE is. still progressing favours the Athenasum, despite fierce opposition ^ fact that he has so long hung his entertainni| to the admiration of an appreciative people character sketches continue to excite entt" and profound applause, his songs are itemsfl interest, and the dancing of Mdlle. MIDDIBHI. Magic Statue" causes that young received with nightly demonstrations «-L Mr. Maccabe will keep on doing it attbeoiB till further notice. " Jo-Jo " is still on view at the Waswor.: we are glad to see that Mr. Clark bas»«j. advice and reduced the tariff to on^ Harold Ash ton might just as welladvertie^ as the hump-backed, c l o v e n ^ tusked, bung-eyed, double- jointefl, ^ coloured, double-dyed Demon, <*P Drc " 1? snow -clad peaks of Mount .fc " Jo-Jo " isn't hump-backed, isn t ^ isn't bung-eyed, dpuWe - jointed w coloured. Then again, be's » ot * tjj, demon, and wasn't captured on ^ but there, for the matter of ™T>l n!l ud faced. In short, • if V Jo-Jo " « sooner t^e corporation eart ana tn .® jk jo out and clear the Bourke-street > of the Theatre Royal on Sunday n>g fl ' say we. TO DABXKN GBBV H I I B . — " iB the quickest, besi, miCBt, B»d ctusii" 1B. 6d Everywhere. ? ? 