TALE. The Wolf in the Herd. A LAPLAND STORY. BY HJALMAR HJORTH BOYESEN. I. Seimke, the old grandmother, wrinkled and smoky brown, was sitting cross- legged in a corner of the tent telling stories about Stallo, the terrible steel-clad man, the ancient enemy of the Lapps. Four children were lying or squatting on the reindeer skin about her, lis- tening with delicious shudders. The old woman's voice was deep and harsh, except when at a particularly exciting passage it broke into falsetto. Elis, her son, and Zilla her eldest granddaughter, were seated close to the fire, bending over their handiwork. He was whittling a spoon out of a reindeer horn; she was stitching a kind of mocassins called Komager. Every now and then she si- lently passed the mocassin to her father, who looked at it critically and made her some brief observation. 'Cut the leather a little narrower still,' he would say, 'and make cross stiches, or the Komag will not bend up at the toe.' Elis Garmo was the richest Lapp in all the mountains. He had a herd of 2,000 heads, and silver and provisions enough to feed his whole people in times of famine. Like all well-to-do Lapps, he hated the Norwegians and not only as a race collectively, but every individual Norseman who came in his way. There was a time, however, when Elis had cherished different feelings toward the blonde-haired race. It had been his ambition to rise out of the bondage of contempt which oppressed his tribe; to hold his head high and take his place boldly among the best. He had loved a girl among the blonde people and been loved by her. But her brothers said that he had gained her affection by sorcery, and swore to shoot him if he ventured to speak to her. Then Elis stopped speaking to her. But one night in the early autumn, while the snow was fresh upon the mountains, he found Ragnhild straying in the white wilderness and he took her to his tent and made her his wife. She had fled from home to find him; the sorcery had drawn her toward him. Twice her brothers had attempted to kill Elis, until the cattle began to die upon their farms, and manifold disaster overtook them. This they ascribed to the witchcraft of the Lapp, and out of fear forsook their ven- geance. But in giving birth to Zilla the blonde wife died and was buried according to Lappish rite upon the mountains. Elis grieved bit- terly at her death, in which he recognised vaguely the vengeance of the brothers and of their God, whose help they had invoked. From that time forth he hated the white people with a still bitterer hatred and held no intercourse with them, except once a year when he went to the coast for a change of pastures. If, as oftened happened, he saw his chance to cheat or outwit them, he re- joiced. 'Stronger than the strong man's strength is the weak man's cunning,' said the old grand-mother when he told her of his successful cheating; 'When the great Lapp King returns our people shall conquer its con- querors.' Some years after his blonde wife's death Elis married a woman of his own tribe and rose to be a great man among his people. It was wealth and his cunning which commanded respect, and above all his hatred of the oppres- sors. His mother's repute for knowledge of occult arts also tended to increase his authority. The Lapps are a superstitious people, and find evidence of witchcraft in all unfamiliar occurrences. As father and daughter were seated before the fire, which chased a flickering glow across their countenances, the mark of race in the features of both was strong enough to more than hint of the above history. Zilla had no suspicion that the blood of the hated con- querors ran in her veins. She had never re- flected upon the fact that her highbridged nose and her pretty mouth and chin seemed an implied criticism upon the flat noses, the broad, thin-liped mouths and the compressed chins of the rest of the family. If her hair had been yellow she might, perhaps, have suspected some mystery, but happily it had chosen a non-committal tint, which made no ethnological revelations. Only her dark, deep-set eyes were an unquestioned heritage from the race in which the wild repressed passions slumber like caged beasts of prey. The little frown upon her brow as she poured over the minute stitches was merely one of preoccupation, but hinted yet at an intensity of nature which, whether it broke forth in hate or in love, would burn fiercely. But pretty she was, in spite of all sinister hints; nay, in spite of the thin trousers which covered her shapely limbs, but half concealed by a short wadmal shirt, and the grotesquely pointed, forwardbending hood which disguised the outline of her dainty head. Around her neck she wore a chain of silver coins and an embroidered belt confined her skin jact about her waist. Her moccasins showed some rude attempts at decoration. II. The grandmother's story grew more and more exciting as it progressed, and her pipe went out every five minutes. Every now and then she crawled forward, and stretching out a longmummy arm seized a glowing coal with her fingers and dropped it into the bowl of her pipe. The pungent odour of plug tobacco pervaded the tent, while she sucked away audibly and sent glowing glances toward the unconscious Zilla who was patiently stitching. For the grandmother had had a grudge against Zilla from the moment she was born, and it was nothing but the fear of her son which made her refrain from doing her harm. Zilla was, in her estimation, an Interloper; she had pale blood in her veins; she was not a right Lapp. The fact, too, that she was her father's favourite and the apple of his eye did not tend to abate Seimke's ill-will. Thus in the tent of this roving nomad, which was pitched here to- day, and to-morrow twenty miles away, all the complex domestic re- lations of civilization had found a dwelling place. Nor were the rivalries of society unknown in the eternal desert among clouds and glaciers. Zilla's wealth and beauty were famed over all the wide mountain plains, and there was scarcely a flat-nosed youth in all Lapmark who had not exhibited his skill in shooting and skee running in the hope of winning her heart. Elis, however, was apparently not anxious to part with her, for he put a price upon her which was practically prohibitory. The Lapp, as is well known, is not civilised enough to expect to be paid for the privilege of marrying a lovely girl. On the contrary, he expects to pay for it, and the more desir- able the girl is the more he expects to pay. Among Zilla's suitors there was one, how- ever, would in time be rich enough to win her —viz., Rasmus, the son of Mathis, who camped about the great late Gjendin, in the heart of the highlands. Zilla had half agreed to marry Rasmus when her father should say the word. She was in no wise anxious about it, but was willing to acquiesce in the authority of her father and the custom of her people. III. The spirits of the storm were abroad. They were blowing with sad and terrible voices down the smokehole and sending the ashes whirling through the tent. In the intervals of stillness the snowflakes came slowly des- cending, melted and fell with a little hiss among the hot cinders. Suddenly a wail was heard—a cry of wild despair—which was not the storm's. The dogs who had been dozing about the fire started up, growling and with bristling necks. One broke into a howl and instantly the whole pack rushed toward the door. Elis darted into the corner, where his rifle stood, and Zilla tore open the flaps of the tent and released the barking and whin- ing dogs. Then she seized her skees* and followed her father out into the storm. 'Gumps lo botsuin!' ('the wolf is in the herd') croaked the grandmother and stopped her story, while the children tumbled helter- skelter toward the door. There they stood, pushing and punching each other and staring over the ridge of snow, which nearly cut off their view, into the black and stormy night. Elis, with his finger on the trigger, stood peering through the dark; Zilla, a few steps in advance of him, was listening intently. The dogs, to her surprise, had not started for the herd, but in a directly opposite direction. Perhaps they had scented the wolf in time and, were trying to head him off. 'We must double the watch at the herd, father,' she shouted. 'I'll watch half the night with Peter and Abram.' In the same instant a gust of wind came and swept her, on her light skees, several hundred feet away over the surface of the snow. A shot rang out—and a second. It was her father who was trying to frighten the wolves. Be must have hit! But hark! That was not the voice of a wolf. It was more like a human cry for help—a piteous pleading for mercy. Her blood ran cold. She knew the legends of guileful mountain sprites, who allure young maidens to des- truction. She stepped off her skees for fear of being blown into the very jaws of death; and sinking down in the snow to her waist, began to call with all the might of her lungs to her father. Then, again, through the wild uproar of the sky she heard the same piteous groan, and it sounded this time quite near. 'Who is there?' she cried tremblingly. 'Help me, I am shot,' answered a voice in the dark through the furious barking of the dogs. The thought flashed through her head that one of her father's random shots must have hit some harmless traveller. There was something earthly and reassuring in the voice which put her fears to flight and ap- pealed to her instinct of mercy. 'Here, Muste; shame on you,' she called to her dogs. ' Tschalmo, you fool, be still. Hanne and Girjes, come here and stop your yelping.' IV. By the sound of their voices she groped her way through the densely failing snow, drag- ging her skees after her. 'Zilla, where art thou?' came a shout faintly from the directions of the tents, but with a great, angry swoop the wind whirled it skyward, and it seemed as if it had never been. 'Father,' she called back, 'come and help me.' She had scarcely spoken when she stumbled over something outstretched in the snow, and felt, in her endeavour to rise, the touch of human hands and limbs. The dogs were all the while waltzing about her, barking at the top of their voices. 'Hush, ye sillibubs; hush, or I cannot hear!' she commanded impatiently; then stooping down to the wounded man she said: 'If you will rise up I will lead you to the tent.' 'I cannot rise—I am bleeding to death,' replied the man in a broken, shivering voice, and he sank into a swoon, from which she could not rouse him. She sat for a moment peering through the dark, in order to determine from what direc- tion she had come. But as the wind had swepther thither it was plain that she must return against the wind. She rose and resb- lutely put her hands under the man's arms, trying to lift him. Just then a dim waving light appeared at some distance before her and she knew that her father was coming. She sank down again in the snow and strug- gled to make her voice heard above the wind. 'Evil spirits have possessed thee, Zilla,' cried Elis sternly, as he lifted his flaring pitch torch over her head, showing her face in swift illumination, but as the same rays fell upon the head of the prostrate man in her lap, he started back with a wild fear in his features. 'What hast thou done,' he gasped.'What hast thou done?' 'Thou didst it, not I, father,' she answered 'His blood is on thy hands.' The storm tossed his voice about so that it was hard to hear what he replied, but these were the words that seemed to reach Zilla's ears: 'The redder my hands are with such blood the whiter shall they be in the sight of the spirit.' His voice, whirled through space, had neither wrath nor fear in it nor any human emotion. It was as if the air had spoken, or the storm. He seized Zilla roughly by the arm and tried to drag her away, but she struggled desperately with him, and the dogs mingling in the fray, barked and whined and leaped in the air, thrusting their cold noses into her face. The sparks from the torch which he held in his hand flew about their heads, and the flame, fluttering its red tongue against the dark, flapped about and threatened to fly away from the wood at every fresh gust of wind. Suddenly, as his blood was beginning to boil, the thought flashed through Elis' soul that an evil spirit was taking possession of him. He violently collected himself, re- leased his daughter's arm, and, trembling from head to foot,** tottered away in the direction of the tents. No sooner was he gone than Zilla half lifted the wounded man by the shoulders and be- gan to drag him through the snow. When she reached the door of the tent she was ready to drop from exhaustion. But she yet managed to undo the flaps and pull her burden inside. But as the light of the fire fell upon the white man's face there came a hoarse, angry croak from the grandmother's corner: the old woman rose with difficulty and hobbled forward, uttering threats and maledictions. But Elis stepped forward, pale and tre- mulous, took her by the arm and led her back to her corner. V. Keeping watch over something, shielding it from threatening harm, implies that it must he precious. The stranger, while he hovered between life and death, raised a barrier between Zilla and her father. She dared scarcely sleep for fear she might wake up and find him dead. The blood of the half savage race did not run in her veins unmingled. The instinct of compassion was stronger in her than resentmemt of natural wrongs. How could this youth with the smile lurking about his mild blue eyes and the frank and genial face and the beautiful yellow hair help that his fathers had wronged her fathers? He would himself have wronged no one; that she could read in the gentle grateful glace that rested upon her in the intervals of conscious- ness between his fits of delirium. It was her father who had brought this calamity upon him, and it seemed but right that she should endeavour to relieve his sufferings. Proud as she had felt and magnificent in her relation * A kind of snow-shoe about six feet long and a few inches broad, polished on the under side. ** The Lapps have very weak nerves, and swoon or tremble at very slight provocation. to her own people, toward him she felt hum- ble. Even while he lay there weak and dependant she could not help thinking how miser- able this smoky, fire-lighted tent of skin must appear to him, and how rude and wretched her way of living. He did not roam like a wild beast over the mountain wildernesses, but lived in a large and sunny house, whence the smoke rose through a tall masoned chimney. She had never in her life been in such a house and it seemed a wild dream to think that she ever should. All the torments which Elis had suffered in the days when he had been ashamed of his race his daughter suffered now at the bedside of the wounded Norseman. All her pride of race was changed into humility and self-contempt, and shy hopes began to be enkindled and to dance fantastically like Will o' the wisps in her mind, roused by the flickering like a world of slumbering fancies. A week passed before the fever left him, and then he was so weak that he could hardly speak above a whisper. In his delirium he had spoken a language which Zilla did not under- stand. Now he surprised her by addressing her in her own language. 'I thought I was dead,' were the first in- telligible words he uttered, 'and I could not tell from the looks of this place were I had gone to.' He smiled faintly and fell into a long doze, during which Zilla (she knew not why) sat and wept. An anxious feeling had taken possession of her—a foreboding of calamity. When he awoke again she gave him some reindeer milk to drink, and he declared that he felt stronger, and grew talkative. He told her how the snowstorm had surprised him while he was hunting; how he lost his way, and would have lost his life, too, if she had not saved him after her father's bullet had laid him low. His name was Ivar Evenson and he was the son of a peasant down in the valley. He had seen much of the Lapps on his hunting trips and had some friends among them. Whether it was from vexation or grief at his estrangement from his daughter, Elis was ill at ease and complained of pains in his head and back. One day, about a month after Ivar Evenson's arrival, he took to his bed, with the conviction that he was never again to leave it. The white man—the Stallo—had stolen his strength, he said, as his ancestors had done to the Lapp's ancestors in ancient times. Just in the same degree as the Stallo gained health, he lost; and on the day when the guest was able to sit up, the host had to take to his bed. His old mother sat cross-legged at his side and stared at him day by day, and sang magic songs, which, as it seemed to Ivar, would have made him ill even if he had been ever so robust. They were a mere rhythmic wail, with sudden cres- cendoes and long, crooning plaints, which made the world seem doubly sorrowful. VI. One day the watchers brought word that the herd was beginning to straggle, as there was a scarcity of most. Elis gave the com- mand to break up the camp and to move a day's journey in upon the highlands. A raide was then formed, which is a procession of ten to twenty reindeer, with pulkhas at- tached, arranged in single file, each tied with a halter to the rear end of the pulkha of the preceding one. Elis had himself carried out and placed recumbent in the last pulkha, which was longer than the rest, while his mother hobbled after him with strange ges- tures, singing wild incantations. It is regarded as an honour, among the Lapps to sit in the first pulkha and drive the route, and this honour had always belonged to Zilla. To-day she seemed inclined, as usual, to assert her privilege, but when all the children and household goods were packed in the pulkhas she handed the reins to one of the watchers, whispered something in his ear, and in an instant, before any one had time to remonstrate, the raide flew away over the shining crust of snow with a dizzying speed. Then she detached a great reindeer bull from another and smaller raide which was ready to start, patted him on the neck, rubbed her own nose against his, spoke to him as she would to a child and called him pet names. For this was her own reindeer, which had been given to her at its birth. Suddenly she made a sign to the Norseman, who was standing upon a pair of skees, lean- ing upon the skee staff. He sprang toward her, seated himself in the pulkha, drew her down upon his lap, and away they went like the wind. It was a glorious day. A vast expanse of sun-smitten snow sparkled and glistened as far as the eye could reach; keen white ridges undulated in soft lines with a pale lustre against the sun, and bluish shades in the hol- lows. The mountains rose, peak behind peak, against the horizon, shooting long beams in the sun and flashing the light upon their icy skields with dazzling radiance. And to be scudding away upon the wings of the wind over this star- spangled surface, with the cold air singing in your ears, and with a loving little maiden in your armsvthat was life, that was happiness. The barrier of race, of which Ivar had, in spite of his gratitude, been painfully con- scious, crumbled away, leaving but a man's heart and a woman's heart beating against each other. He spoke loving words in Zilla's ears, and Zilla, half-child as she was, felt a joyous tumult in her breast which made it almost impossible for her to sit still. If she had not known that a leap from the pulkha would have meant death, she would have jumped out and shouted some merry ditty against the sky. She thought it quite super- fluous to give any answer to his wooing, and his conqueror's ways, which took everything for granted, did not offend her. It was thus people wooed when the world was young, as young Lochinvar wooed fair Ellen of Netherby Clan, and homage to the conqueror whether he comes on horse-back, or afoot, or upon a golden calf, lies yet deep in a woman's heart. The reindeer bull interpreted Zilla's en- couraging shouts and her flinging the reins about his back as a sign of dissatisfaction with his performance. Her 'Heigh up!' and 'Heigh ho!' and 'Pull away!' were like so many lashes of the whip upon his back, and he pulled away until the snow-balls from his hoofs whizzed about their ears and the star strewn mountain plain seemed an enormous sparkling river, rushing with a furious speed against them, while they with their reindeer seemed the only stationary objects in a white universe that was breathlessly sweeping to perdition. Life is beautiful! Life is glorious! Far down below lies the world with its sordid cares; but here, upon the white infinite plains, love is warm as the sun and pure as the air. Heigh up! Heigh ho! Pull away! Kiss me, child, kiss me! Eternity is long to sleep in. To-day we live—live intensely—live rap- turously—live a whole life in a moment of bliss! VII. It was the day after the pitching of the tents at the new camping place that Ivar stepped up before Elis, as he lay wrapped in skins at the fire, and asked his daughter in marriage. 'My name is Ivar,' he said, proudly, 'and I am the oldest son of Even of Trangerud.' 'Even of Trangerud!' shrieked Elis, start- ing up, with wild, bloodshot eyes. 'Yes, Even of Trangerud,' said the youth, calmly. The Lapp gasped once or twice, but could not bring forth a sound. Then he fell back in a swoon before the fire. It was intensely still in the tent. The dogs dozed; the grandmother, weary from the journey, slept in her corner; only the fire crackled now and then, and shot a spark out upon the earthen floor. Through the square hole in the top, through which the smoke curled upward, a piece of blue sky peeped down. Ivar stood with folded arms, looking down upon the prostrate Lapp, whose legs were drawn up under him and over whose face strong contortions passed. He remem- bered having heard in his childhood dark al- lusions to an aunt—his father's sister—who had been bewitched by a Lapp, and had fol- lowed him throngh the wilderness until she became no better than a tramp. He remembered, also, as a dim tradition, stories of his father's warfare with this wizard whom he had shot at and would have killed if it were not for the fact that his sorcery made shot and bullet fall off him like water from a duck. Could it be possible that this was the same Elis, the Wizard? A shudder ran through Ivar's frame. He was, like most of his race, superstitious, and had no desire to venture a conflict with the powers of dark- ness. The dreadful old grandmother espe- cially inspired him with awe and made him anxious to get away as soon as possible from this nest of iniquity. But Zilla? What was to become of Zilla? Her fair, blonde face appeared at that very moment between the brown skin flaps of the tent, and it had never seemed to him lovelier. The excited curiosity which gave brilliancy to her eyes and flushed her cheeks, clothed her, as it were, in a garb of universal maiden- hood. A strong sense of kinship for her welled up in the young man's breast. The Germanic beauty of her face burst upon him like a revelation. He had longed a moment since to get away. Now he swore to be her champion and her lover, and never to rest until he had rescued her from the degradation of her lot—from the dusky, soul- imperilling heathenism of her surroundings. The low growl of the dog Tshalmo, who showing his ugly set of teeth, was approach- ing the Norseman, warned Zilla that something was wrong. She started forward, a sudden fear dilating her eyes, but stopped, terror- stricken, at the sight of her father's motion- less form. The question in her eyes was answered, however, before it was fairly made. With a sigh of relief, she shamed the dog into silence and with business-like dispatch fetched a dipper with water, with which she began to sprinkle Elis' waxen features. Fitful little spurts of flame rose from the smouldering fire and tinged with the sem- blance of a flush the yellow pallor of his face. As he began to show signs of returning con- sciouness she motioned Ivar away. He took his gun and sauntered out. It occurred to him now, for the first time, that he might need its protection. VIII. A few days after this occurrence messen- gers were sent forth on skees to invite be- friended families from all over the mountains to a kind of religious ceremony. Ivar, who was not strong enough to find his way unaided back to the valley, was yet lingering about the camping-ground, though, at Zilla's ad- vice, he had removed his quarters to the second tent, where the watchers slept. These were not servants, but dependents and rela- tives who owned no herds of their own. He was well aware that his presence at the re- ligious festival would be felt as an intrusion, and might imperil his life. He could easily enough bribe one of the watchers to take him in a palkha down to the inhabited districts, and he would perhaps have done so if Zilla had not appeared to divine this thought whenever it invaded his mind, and with her troubled eyes implored him not to leave her. Then the chivalrous feeling was again en- kindled in his breast, and he felt courage to grapple with all the powers of darkness rather than leave the dear child who trusted in him in the lurch. The day appointed for the meeting arrived. About twenty people came on their skees, foremost among whom was the great moaide, medicine man, Mathis Vuolab, and his son Rasmus, Zilla's woer. After having par- taken of food and drink they all seated them- selves in a ring, the men inside and the women outside, and began a long wailing and indescribably mournful incantation. The ceremony was in the nature of an augury—a question addressed to the gods re- garding the life or death of Elis. Mathis Vuolab, the soothsayer, a small, stout man, with black, bead-like eyes, and a face full of low Mongolian cunning, seized with his left hand the handle of the magic drum, upon the top of which were painted a number of rude figures. Then he fell down upon one knee, and all the rest followed his example. With his right hand he placed a horn ring upon the image of the sun, in the centre of the drum- head, and with a small hammer of horn began gently to beat the drum. The ring, then be- gan to jump about, going from one figure to another, while the assembly, still wailing, intensely watched the proceedings. At last the ring remained stationary, near the rim, persistently jumping up and down upon the same spot. The song grew louder and more beseeching, but the ring would not stir. The figure over which it lingered was Jabmo aibmo —the realm of the dead. It meant that the dead were clamouring for Elis, that Elis was death-doomed. IX. The next ceremony was an attempt to pro- pitiate the dead, so as to induce them to grant Elis a longer life. The old grandmother offered to sacrifice a reindeer bull. The ring was again placed upon the image of the sun, but as soon as the incantation commenced, moved again to the realm of the dead. Then two reindeer bulls were offered with the same result, and at last a horse. But the ghosts remained inexorable; Elis must die. It was then asked why Elis must be cut off in the bloom of his strength, while so many that were decrepit and useless were allowed to linger. This time the ring began to dance upon the image of the wolf and thence moved to the sign of the reindeer herds. That meant that there was or was to be a wolf in Elis' herd. That seemed very mysterious. The dead were incensed because there was a wolf in Elis' herd. The soothsayer pretended to be in great doubt as to the meaning of this oracle. He beat his breast, rolled his eyes and finally went into a trance. A great and solemn awe pervaded the assembly. The incantations lasted, becoming wilder and more frenzied, until all, with despairing shrieks, some foam- ing at the mouth, tore their clothes and flung their hands against the sky, beseeching the dead not to visit their wrath upon them. Then the soothsayer awoke from his trance. Elis was carried within the ring and placed in a sitting posture opposite to him. The ceremony had tuned him up to a high pitch of excitement. In his deep eyes smouldered a fierce fanaticism. 'My soul visited the realm of the dead,' began Mathis Vuolab in a sort of intoned re- citative. I saw the mighty shades of our fathers in the deep dwellings of the dead.' It was a long and terrible tale he sang, but his audience followed it with agitated interest. Some fell into a swoon, moaned, and writhed. Others beat their breasts, interrupting the soothsayer with exclamations of terror and prayers for compassion. The import of the song was that Elis was cherishing a wolf at his hearth, and a more ferocious one than those which destroyed the herds and drank their blood. The ancestral ghosts were angry with Elis, and would have his life unless his shame in having cherished the enemy of his race were wiped out with the enemy's blood. In order not to obtrude his presence Ivar had taken his gun, before the ceremony com- menced and had borrowed a pair of skees from one of the watchers. At a distance of about a mile from the camp he shot half a dozen ptarmigan, and by means of some twigs of dwarf birch which he dug up from under the snow managed to roast one of them on an improvised spit. He had the camp in full view, and now and then a faint reverber- ation of a shriek or a wail was wafted toward him from the mountain peak opposite. Scattered in flocks of six or a dozen over the wide, glittering plain, the reindeer were digging up the snow with their horns and munching the scanty moss from the frozen ground. Round about, as far as the eye could reach, their branched antlers and stooping heads were tracing themselves scooping the white ground, while the small, squatty watchers, darting about on their skees, followed by their barking dogs, headed off those that were inclined to straggle. It was a pretty and exhilarating sight; and yet a pang nestled at Ivar's heart as he watched it. It symbolized, somehow to him the wild nomadic strain in Zilla's blood which drew her away from him—which made her like some beautiful wild thing which you may cage for a while, perhaps, but never tame and domesticate. There she sat now and lis- tened with devotion to the savage howls of her yellow kith and kin, howling perhaps, and tearing her hair like the rest. He owed her his life, to be sure; but how could he ever wed one in whose soul there was such a bit of primeval forest, housing mysterious beasts and poisonous things. X. The brief daylight had faded while he was indulging in these meditations. The stars burst forth large, cold and lustrous, and a great pale red flame flashed across the sky from the north, flared up toward the zenith and again tremblingly faded. It was long since quiet about the tents, except for the barking of the dogs and the shouts of the watchers who were driving the herds home. Ivar, seeing that the guests had departed, put on his skees, tied the birds together by the legs and flung them across his shoulders. Great dark-blue embankments of clouds were piling themselves up in the west and gusts of wind careered across the plain. The cold grew intenser and a misty twi- light came rolling down from the north. As the camp was blotted out from his sight Ivar marked carefully the sounds which yet showed him the direction he had to take. He had with his skee-staff propelled himself forward for about fifteen minutes, when it seemed to him as if he heard a hushed voice calling his name. He stopped and listened. 'Ivar!' came an anxious whisper out of the mist. 'I am here,' he answered. Twice the call was repeated and twice answered. Then suddenly, like a pigeon pur- sued by a hawk, the form of Zilla flung it- self at his feet, panting and terror-stricken. He lifted her up with soothing words, and felt the agitated flutter of her heart against his breast. 'What have they done to my little girl?' he asked, stroking her ash-blonde hair. It never occurred to him that it might be him- self who was in danger. 'Do not—go back,' implored Zilla, pant- ing and sobbing; 'they will—kill thee. Rasmus Vuolab has—made a vow—to kill. thee. He is—lying in wait—for thee—now.' 'Rasmus Vuolab,' repeated the young man, wonderingly. 'What have I ever done to Rasmus Vuolab?' 'Thou dost not—understand. Thou canst never understand. But hurry away! Do not go back!' 'Dost thou suppose I am afraid of a yel- low, slant-eyed scoundrel like that?' 'Nay,' hush! If thou dost not go he will pursue thee, he and his father. They have many men who obey them. Their bullets are made with magic songs. They never miss. Lose not time. Farewell!' She clung about his neck and kissed him, weeping. 'Farewell!' he cried. 'And dost thou suppose I will leave thee alone in this mur- derous den?' 'I belong to my father. I cannot help it.' 'Nay,' he shouted imperiously, 'thou be- longest to me.' And he told her in a few hurried words the story of her mother's life and their ties of kinship. She listened with upturned face and eyes that shone on him like dewy stars. The report of a shot, dull and unresonant, broke through the fog. Then vague sounds of voices and the baying of hounds careered hither and thither through the darkness, now near, now far away; it seemed at times as if they came from above, tossing aimlessly to and fro, or falling down from the clouds. He had dropped down upon one knee aud held her in a tight, protecting embrace, while the misty tumult raged about them and charmed bullets whizzed above their heads and bored through the frozen snow. Suddenly he smelled powder; the voices came nearer and nearer; he sprang up with his finger on the trigger. The zest of battle was in his blood. But in an instant her hand was over the muzzle of his gun and he dared not shoot, for his fate was now her fate and it seemed wanton to incite destruction. At last, as the night grew denser, the noise ceased. Hand in hand they wandered about in the chilly mist, seeing the dim stars over- head, though themselves wrapped in gloom. The moon rose like a vague, luminous point over the mountain peaks, and drifted like a ghostly presence across the sky. Cautiously they groped their way westward, where lay the habitations of white men. Then a wind came and broke the fog into wreaths and islands that drifted along the mountain sides and at length these caught the faint, pale flush of a shivering wintry dawn. It seemed a marvel that light should shine again upon the world. It seemed a marvel that a new day should break. But they thanked God for the darkness, for it was the darkness that had saved them. Some three weeks later there was a great concourse of people at the church down in the valley. It was a maiden who was to be bap- tized, confirmed and married—all in one day. That maiden was Zilla. 