Mary Stuart and Sixtus V. The following is a copy of the letter which was sent by Mary, Queen of Scots, to Pope Sixtus V., shortly before her execution and which we referred to in our issue of last week ; — JESU. MARIA. HOLY FATHER : Inasmuch as it has pleased God, in His Divine providence, to order in His Church that under His crucified Son, Jesus Christ, all those who believe in Him, and are baptised in the name of the Holy Trinity, should recognise as Mother, one universal Church, Catholic, Apostolic, and Roman, whose commands with the ten of the law, are to he kept under pain of damnation, it is requisite that all who aspire to eternal life should keep their gaze steadfastly fixed thereon. There fore I, born of Royal parents, was like them, baptised in it. Nay more ; I, as worthy as I am, was from the breast called to the throne, and anointed and crowned by the authority and ministers of that Church, and nourished and reared under her wing, and on her bosom, and by her, instructed in the obedience owed by all Christians to him, whom she, guided by the Holy Ghost, has elected according to the ancient decrees and order of the primitive Church to the Holy Apostolical See, as our head upon earth ; to whom Jesus Christ, speaking of the foundation of the Church, in His last testament to St. Peter, gave him the power to bind and loose poor sinners from the bonds of Satan, absolving us by him or by his ministers for that appointed, from all crimes and sins that we commit or perpetrate ; we, being penitent, and, as far as in us lies, making satisfaction for them, after having confessed accord ing to the ordinance of the Church. I call to witness my Saviour Jesus Christ, the most blessed Trinity, the glorious Virgin Mary, all the angels and archangels, St. Peter, the shepherd, my peculiar intercessor and special advocate St. Andrew, and all the Saints, that I have lived in that faith, which is the faith of the universal Church Catholic, Apostolic, and Roman, in which being regenerated, I have always intended to do my duty to the Holy Apostolic See, which to my great regret, I have not been able to do, owing to my detention in this captivity and my long sickness. But now that it has pleased God, most Holy Father, to permit, for my sins and those of this unfortunate island, that I, the sole remnant of the blood of England and Scotland possessing that faith, should, after twenty years' captivity, confined in a strait prison, be at length condemned to death by the States and heretical assembly of this country — as was this day communicated to me by Lord Buckhurst, Amias Paulet, my keeper, one Drury, knight, and a secretary named Beale commanding me, in the name of their Queen, to prepare to receive death, and offering me one of their Bishops and a Dean for consolation, a priest whom I had, having been by them taken away and kept I know not where— I have considered it my first duty to turn to God, and then with my own hand, to write to your Holiness, in order that, though I cannot make it known to you before my death, yet afterwards, the intent may be manifest to you ; which is, the whole being duly considered, the subversion of their religion in this island by me, they say, designed, and in my favour, attempted by their own subjects, obedient to your laws, and by the Catholic Princes, and my family, who all maintain in their prayers, my right as heir to this crown. I leave it to your Holiness, to consider the consequence of such a sentence, entreating you to have prayers said for my poor soul, and the souls of all those who are dead or dying for the same or the like judgment. And my intention is, according to the constitution of the church, to confess, do such penance as I can, and receive Viaticum, if I can obtain my chaplain, or any other lawful minister to administer the said Sacraments. In default whereof, with a contrite and penitent heart, I prostrate myself at the feet of your Holiness, confessing myself to God and His Saints, and to your paternity, to be a most unworthy sinner, and guilty of eternal loss, if it do not please the good God Who died for penitent sinners to have mercy ; entreating you to take this, my general submission as testimony of my intention to accomplish the remainder, in the form ordered and commanded by the Church for the salvation of my poor soul, between which and the justice of God I interpose the Blood of Jesus Christ, crucified for me and for all sinners, of whom I confess myself to be worst. Nay more ; I voluntarily offer my blood at the foot of His Cross for my adherence to the Church, and the faithful zeal I feel for it, as without its restoration, I do not desire to live in this wretched world. Never having had any other private intention, as my poor servants present in my afflictions will testify, I have willingly offered my life in their heretical assembly, to maintain my Catholic Apostolic, and Roman religion, and bring back the wanderers of this island, that is themselves pro testing that, in that case I would voluntarily lay down all title and dignity of Queen, and do all honour and service to theirs, if she would cease to persecute the Catholics, and this I protest is the sole end at which I have aimed since I have been in this country. And I have neither ambition nor desire to reign, nor to dispossess another for my sake, being from sickness and long affliction so enfeebled, that I have no desire to exert myself in this world, except in the service of the Church, and to regain the souls of this island to God. Behold the secret of my heart, and the sum of all my worldly desires, tending, as I under stand, to the good of His Church, and to the discharge of my conscience ; and I lay it at the feet of your Holiness, which I most humbly kiss. You will have a true account of the manner of of my last hours, and of all the proceed ings both against me and by me, in order that, understanding the truth, the calumnies of the Church's enemies against me, may by you be refuted and the truth known. I request for the end, your benediction, and say to you the last adieu, praying God long to preserve your person in His grace, for the welfare of His Church, and of your desolate flock, especially of this island, which I leave much erring and deluded, without God's mercy and your paternal care. Of your Holiness the most humble and devoted daughter, MARY Queen of Scotland, Dowager of France. It will be perceived, how often the Queen identifies herself with the cause of the Church in England. And it was this above all, which made Lord Burghley look upon her execution as a sacred duty, for the performance of which it was convenient that the two Archbishops (Canterbury and York), and four Bishops, should petition Elizabeth, as we are told in the domestic annals of that Princess, it being the custom for the lords spiritual, to absent themselves on such occasions. This sentence, however, tending to the safety and good of Protestantism, he thinks an exception should be made in its favour. The words of this last letter will appeal to every Catholic heart, and plead the cause of Mary Stuart. They were not changed when the dread moment came, and in the presence of the scaffold and the block, she prayed for her persecutors, and for the Church and Holy See. Dufuncta adhuc loquitur, and through the long vista of the three centuries, the voice of this Catholic Queen comes to proclaim, with an unerring certainty, the ancient faith of this land, and its former devotion to St. Peter's See and St. Peter's successor. If it be the means of increasing our love and veneration for God's Vicar, or of inspiring any to seek the truth, Mary of Scotland will not have spoken or have died in vain. 