FQljRTEKNyYEARS ;WITH; THE BLACKS. ( mtlsbane telegraph; 9lh may.) 7 On Tuesday, witb the death of James Davis, better known years ago as Durrumboi, or as Mr' Stuart.,, Russell, speliB ;it — Derhamboi,;- there! ended a career without parallel iu the history of' tlio colonisation .of ( Queensland,- No eqUallyi graphic record of a wild white man exists, and; thb.'ifbllowing 'iuoidonts, collected! ' from 'the; ' Genesis of Queensland, ' The Picturesquo! Atlas .of Australia, apd other works oq the! ;cblbny/ relating miiinly lis they'do to that period j ;of;h:is' life., when he was us one with the abori-: giiials,T wjll: bp perused with interest;:— Dayis "wasthe son of ' a Scotch blacksmith, who fol-; lowedihis 'calling.at' .theLroopiielaiy, in tlie city of Glasiipw, and ; was apprenticed to his father! .whbii fourteen. years of age in 1822. i 'Being of a' roving (disposition, he soon deserted his forge,; mid, crossing .tlio border, ;be made his. way to! the aoutl/' ijf/Engluiid.' 'There/ apparently, hoj fell; into!! evil I habits,1 for,-', in 1624,- with! ithree; other youths,' bo/ was 'cqhvicted of stealing half-! a-cr'owri /fr(im 1 a -"ch urbli 'in / Surrey, arid,- along with his companions; transported to Botany Bay! by thp ship Minstrel; " "In" his ppw life also lie; 'dqcs'ni)k'appe;ir to'havo refofiiied/ for ' in 1828', lie wus jigaiii t'raiisported to the penal settlement; at Mbretin TBay./wliere'coloniiil sentenced felons: only were" seiit. He was there employed at the! forgo along. /.with a rnpte; and so liberal was: Caption Logan/ tho eommandant at that time,, witli the whip that -preferring all hazards to the terrors of sueh merciless rule, the two convicts took to the bush. . Proceeding northward, these! absconders soon fell- in with a numerous tribe of- aborigines, by whom they were kindly received.; Davis; by? 1 ,nlonna good-looking as' a white man, was recognised a re-incarnation of Derhani-: hoi, a lamented member of their tribe, who had; died some time before, and according to their, superstition returned to life again. He was im mediately bdopted by Pamby-Pamby, Derham-; boi's father, and his wife, who was atill nlivo,; regularly supplied with provisions, and was safe, from that moment. His less fortunate com-' pariibri; however, perished ore long, killed in expiation bf an accidental sacrilege in emptying- the mortal remains of a deceased blackfollow from a native basket which he found in a tree, and which ho appropriated to carry oysters in. ' Shortly afterwards, Davis himself very nearly fell a victim to tho ferocity of hiB black associates. ; By some accidental menus ho killed the pot dog: of his adopted mother, who was so enraged at' this loss that sho instigated her husband to; murder ; him. " The old man at first was not; indisposed to do so, as he accused Davis of! being a mawgooy or ghost, instead of Derhamboi,' anil us surely threatened to have him killed in ; apcorfinnce with their tribal customs. But- Davis turned to and gnvo the old savage such a. merciless drubbing with his fists that ho not; only subdued hiB ; murderous intentions, but; induced him to forgive the death of his pet dog. Tlie Ginginbarrah tribe, in which Davis was! naturalised, bad thoir usual place of habitation ; at a considerable distance in the interior, nnd; leaving them after somo timo he passed several ; years in sojourning amongst various tribes until" he had reached as far as 500 miles to the north- j ward of Moreton Bay. 'With all these savages 1 be was treated. as a blackfellow returned from- tho dead, and although he had learnt to become; as one of themselves in their habits of everyday lifo, it /was a matter of no small inconvenience to him to find that fresh recognitions awaited' hint with different tribes. He was Derhamboi in Wide Bay, but he lmd to ncaept the per sonality of sonieouo else when he found another tribo, mid occasionally his inability to recognise friends wlio had been intimate with him before his death gavo rise to awkward misgivings among tlioso individuals. But it sometimes happened that no identification took place. On such oc casions Davis hhd an nnswor uat. It was, lie exploited, so vory long sinco lie died that he had forgotteu what his namo had bepn prior to. that event. After lie had boon fourteen years amongst tho blacks, and had long given up nil thoughts of over returning to tho Bocioty. of civilised men, ho was found by Air Andrew Potrie amongst tho Ginginbarrah tribe agnin in 1842, and brought back to. Brisbane. On the: 13th Alay of thai year, Potrio's party, who had been oxploring for tlio first timo the Mary! Rivor, camped ashore, with, tlio view of ascond- ,ing tho neighbouring hills on tho following day. Thoy then heard of a large gathering of hostile natives being in tho- neighbourhood, with Davis amongst thorn. After somo manoeuvring, anothor absconder, Wandi or Bracefoll, who had also spent seven yonrs amongst tlio nboriginos, with one of (ho Moreton Bay blacks managed un- porcoivcd to get in tho midst of tho encamp ment, and two conviots in Potrio's crow armod with guns then wont forward with the view pf scouring Davis.' So periled was tho advonturo considered that the contdots 'we're prepared-for it on tlio understanding that if successful ther condition Bhould bo improved. When tho wild white man and tho tuiuo blnck stole in. upon th'o; savages and had fairly got among, tliom, and tlfe form or, boing recognised, had been . received without clubbing or spearing/ thoir- two 'whitu ' attondants woro dotected atirtjdiatanco, and 'an. instant niove. mado to;spoar tirehi. 'But Wandi had by this, timo comniuriiciitod with Perlnimboi, : and the two . white savages , prevailed on their iblack brothers to spnfo the froiiibling convicts.' :Davis, however, under -ass(irnn.ceB of ninnumis- jsion, set off running towards' the convjcta/aud jsurroiidercd himself to thom) follbwod by Brucb/. 'fell. A singular scene was tlien 'enacted-by tho braco of chuir absconders, who'sopmed alteriiiilijly swayed by originnl training' and their savage habits. Davis' furiously accused Bracofell of 'having led the convicts to. capture him, with a 'view to procure a mitigation' of his own Ben- tonco. Ho would credit none of Wandi'B pro-, testations, till tho latter, : nioved to rage,, be- icanio all blackfellow. again, and passiouatoly satig a war song at:. Derhamboi. Thereupon; iDavis dashed off to tlfe/main body of "whites,. !"I shall never," wrote Mr "Potrio/m his diary/; forget his appearanco when ho arrived at our 'camp— a whito man in a state of nqdity/ahd inctually a wild man of tho woods / his eyes, wild" land unablo to rest a inoment on nny'onp.objpct.:. !Ho had quite tho same mnrinor arid" gestures thnt- tlio wildest blacks have got. Ho eould riot sjieak i his ' mithor's tongue,' as lie called it. He coijld lint pronounce English for somo timo, arid;whcn he did attempt it, all lie could sny was a few '.words, and thoso were 'often misapplied, breaks ing off abruptly in fchVtuicldlo qf a sontence with i the black gibberish j- 'which' ' ' lib"; spoke' very fluently. 'Duririg tlip whole /of his -conversation his cy.es/'ajnd / m'antibr Sve're /compjetoly wild, ' i looking at/us. as'if /.hp/had nbver'seon' a white limn " b'ef pt/o. .; i/X in/ '.fa ct/ /; li e,' / to d , ./us die/ had for/' ! gotten ' yonrs Pnst, and had 'Xor spmp pne hi in fr(im.aiiiong,/thoausaviiges,..liewbuld never hiivo left.:them;''i.., 7,j:///,7//yj./://7;/7./!;/7;,,,;7 ;7 ;;!.! Upon .returning /to Brisbane and/, receiving, a; pardon from, tlio Government, ! Davis first en tered tho service of Land .Commissioner Simp- son at W oogaroo, and shortly, afterwards joined Mr Eales's manager/ Air Jpliffo/ to7talco up land in tho Wide - Bay"_dietrioc.: Ho' was next en gaged with '!i'survey/'pnrty//operiing-the -road to Gympie.'Vtalk WhiPh'tebk' it cbrisidembla 'tithe to accomplish; ; Then lie hail ehafgb'of a1' search party, to ascertain this trutli:bf/ii/ report/ tlii'it' a, man named /Thpnisbn,,, witli /liis wife /iih/d 'three; otlier meri/; liiid falien'.intp thp' hands of the blacks up- nprth, the mpri .hiurdoretl,1, arid . tlie woman detained 'amongst/: the, natives. /Satisfy ing himself ..that, the story was ..'a! false., one,' lie returned to, Brisbane and opened a farrier's shop at Karigaroo Pointj .nitti'i'ying whilst there. his first . wife j who - lived: with ' him until her dcatli about soveh years ago; , Aftor boing iir business severar years/' he sold out, and, crossing tlie river, opened a second farrier's shop in' Georgo- st'roet,' wliich ' ho" kept' ' riiitil ' 1804;' ' He then gave up thb'sniithy, and for over twenty; years until his/filial retirehicii t' frdni busincss.' doalt in erbekorywaro ' on 'fli(r"pre'miscsailjdiiiiilgtho Ipsiwichv boarding-house. Whilst residing iri Brisbane lie was also engaged as aboriginal interpreter the Supreme -Court, -travelling about the colony wherovpr,, a -native uuablc- to. speak English' was placed"' 'on ' liis trial. '-'His4 second wife was a person named Bridget Hayes. When first taken from tho blacks he liad rid hesitancy /in relating his /experiences -amongst- them, -'biit/of (later yearai Hb becanie Habit'ually reticent, nnd on rare occasions, when willing to refer to hiB first adventures, at the first question' ho would abruptly stop in a snappish 'mariner,' and break off the conversation at onco. 