A WONDERFUL MEDIOINR. BEECHAM'S PILLS Are universally admitted to be worth a guinea a box for bilious and nervous dis orders, such as wind and pain in the stomach, sick headache, giddiness, fullness and swelling after meals, dizziness and drowsiness, cold chills, flushings of heats, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, cos tiveness, scurvy, and blotches-on the skin, disturbed sleep, frightful dreams, and all nervous and trembling sensations, etc. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly in vited to try one box of these pills, and they will be acknowledged to be WORTH 4 GUI?EA A BOY. For females of all ages these pills are in valuable, as a few doses of them carry off all humours, and bring about all that is required. No female eloql hlie wvithout them. There is no medic.ine to be found equal to Beccham's Pills for removing any obstructions or irregularity of the system. If taken according to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thou sands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their use. For a weak stomach, impaired digestion. and all disorders of the liver, they act like " magic," and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the 'whole mudcular system restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the vhole physical energy of the humah fradd. these are " facts '.' teptified 'o~itli'ally by mIembor' of all cltssos et society' and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated is, Beecham's Pills have the largest sale of any patent medicine in the world. BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS. As a remedy for coughs in general, asthma, bronchil affections, hoarseness shortness of breath, tightness and oppres sion of the chest, wheezing, etc., these pills stand unrivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difll culty of breathing which nightly deprive the patient of rest. Lot any person give Beeeham's Cough Pills a trial, and hp o gost violent cough will ip a ghost time be re l?reared only and sold wholesale and retsilby the proprietor, Tlhos.' Becham, Chemist, St. Helens, LXscs shire, England, in boxes Is 1?1 and 2s 0d uac Stold by all Druggists qqd litont lMedicine Dealers evey wldore N.B.--Full directions are given with each box. A newShintoTemple h4s just been erected at'4okio, ts, madriall for which were dragggd to the sacred site by ropes made of human hair. The hair was a free-will offering from 350.000 of the faithful. Twenty- four ropes were made of it, their diometef ranging f rl m fouhr to evedn inches, and reaching 4528ft. Nearly 000lb weight of pigtail used, . 