HEMARKABLE GHOST STORY. • A REAL HAUNTED HOUSE. A remarkable " ghost " story comes from Greenwich. It appears that Mr. Peter Bothwich, in the employ of the Soulh Metropolitan Gas Company, had resided for three years with his family atj.5 Horseferry Road, Greenwich, a ionr-roomed house^ Mrs. Both wick had been troubled by hearing inexplicable noises, which her husband had tried to explain away, The previous tenant, who occupied the house for 29 years, states that he never* heard any noises, but his' wife had * often complained to him that she heard sounds like chil^r^n falling out of bed. About two years ago the Both wicks were awa^ from home, and a neighbour states \- that during their absence he heard loud rapping- in the house. Twelve months later, in July, 1888, Mr. Bothwick was in the country for a holiday, •and on the 25th there w 4 ere in the house Mrs. Both wick, Mrs. S'edmon and Mrs; Lloyd. At ten minutes ta eleven these three were in the back sitting room, which is divided from the passage by a wooden partition running Id the top of. the. house, when they heard three hard blows as of a man's * Jipt on the ceiling door. Much alarmed they rushed off to bed. and beard no • knore that night. All went well until July 25 of the present year, the anniversary of the. former manifestation. At twenty minutes to ten at nightthere were in the house Mrs. Bothwick and Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd, while a, Mrs. Parkinson was in the next House, adjoining the passage. The three persons first named heajd loud raps on the partition, and Mr. Lloyd went out and searched the passage, but saw no one, and searched the cellar with a similar result. The rapping continued, sometimes appearing to be on the partition, * Sind SGtmetimf8 tinder , the*' stairs. It turned out that Mrs. Parkinson was ' the person rapping, and on Mr. lgiving aT*p on the wall he was hearing at the cellar door, i to his elbow three knocks which the partition, and was almost flnfiwient to knock the cellar adoor down. He opened the door on (.he instant, arid' searched the* cellar but found nothing. He knocked a£am and in reply there came three terrific knocks on the cellar doorVhich Mr. Lloyd hod just closed. He immediately opened it again, and nothing could he seen, although a lamp in the passage shone» into the cellar. Shortly after- "wards Mr. Bothwick and Mr. Parkin- Bon. who had : heen out together, reirarned^pme. T kuockiifg continued ... ... - . .of i but found nbtbing ti! men Volunteered inve^ataon'SOmeWhat to the' following ' bt fensned:•—Are you a man ?—No er. you English ?—Three Supposed to meen " yes. Are womm ^ree raps.;; Are you trouble'?—Thuee irf|>8.?. Have thfe^people in this house harmed yon? ,-./ —No answer. You are troubling this a deal t^three rapg. Did your, fronds haroS you ?—Three rapp. Did jj: they kill you ?—Thre* tremendous raps. Mrs. Bothwick here exclaimed For goodness sake, let the man -go away*."- He renjained, however, at Mr. Both Amok's wish, aiid continued the quee" tionin£, vjith the result that the interrogator, pronounced that a woman troubling, the house on account of Isf l^l^isrime committed many years ago. fev^fiie ghost would hot answer any frivo- ^feious questions such asWill you come ;j«ut and have a drink with .me?" Abojit light the knocking began to suh- (, and the crOwd dispersed, but the " ^"": family would, not go to bed. Bolhwicklay ob the bed for an shour or so with her clofhes on, and Mr. / Bothwick sat on the couch till he wept y. to work at six the next morning aufl two young men stayed with him. Ti 'tapping gradually died away, aij( ceased altogether about one o'clock. The Bothwicks determined not to re- Main in the house, and on the following Tuesday removed to Haddo-street, sitting up on nearly all the intervening 'days, until midnight Two ladies, who appeared to be interested intthe subject ^ of spiritualism, called before they removed, and said tliey should have liked to hear the rappings. One of them said she did riot suppose the spirit would trouble anyone until next year, but it might as it had been spoken to. 