The Turf. \ .. . : By Flaneur , ! ! The most noticeable feature -about the! racing of tbo Rookhamptqn Jockey Club on j Monday was tho starting. Tho starter' himself could (not help but fael dissatisfied with his efforts, and bo, as well as the public, should bo anxious for a change. 1 can say that some of our racing men have affirmed that they will never run a horse hero while Dir. iu riiui'uuu its huui lui". auu uugr ts epui u was completely marred by tho indifferont starting, and as Mr. M'Phorson is as good a sportsman lis any iu the1 district, it is confidently hoped ho will lot somoouo else try thbir' hdnd nt th'o Btarting next mooting. From ft financial pbint of view, tho recont local meeting was ii; failure, ap the club is Some J250 or '£60 to the worse. .Thero aro 'bthor ways "of! looking at the1 matter, an'd the harm that would- fall' to tho sport- by allowing tho Spring event to lapse would bo serious. I do not think tho committee can rogroc uaving uuiu uuu meeting, una it weuia have taken very littlo mora to havo made the whole thing a success in every way.: A few more people and on tries, and o good starter.' Tho prize money was very evenly distri buted, uud every stable got. a share. Tlio receipts were : — Entries, £95 10s; balanoe on selling races, £34 10s; subscriptions, £9 9s; totalisator, £01 10s ; training fees, £4 4s ; privilogos, £56; grand .stand, £30;. total) £293 8s. Something 'ljko £350 will' .coyer the expenses,' "! ; Six ovohts wore run off at Comet oni November 9, arid the Handioap' Was' won by Watson's Dot, Hard Luck, 2 ; Bluo Boll, 3; Thoro wore six stlirtbrs. " " j The .rosefvq ,'oii' ...tho North' ' Sidd , ib not to' bo cut up; for racing"1, purposes; Tho department ' sayB that on ticoount ' of tho position of tho' land boing as it is close to the town the reqiiost ' cannot bo grantod. Now it is just beadhse tho land is near tho town that : we want it. Tho department think the racecourse now oxisting should meet all present require ments. But it docs uot, and that is where the trouble comcB in. Some horsoowners have tho misfortune to bo always falling foul of tho handicappors, and Mr. Morrisey seems ono of them. Beolc- with won tho Summer Handioap with 7b'£ 71b, whilo iu tho Farewell Handicap tho ;samo horse wan nuked I n carry Snt. Optima in tho Summer Handicap had Osl, lllhs, and in thu Farewell Hot -Ul>. lluekivil.li, Uiornforo, luot the iiiiu-i) in I lie 1,-isl race under ft (liltoronco in Hie two ruceii of 2()lbs. There was some thing wrong iu thin hiimlicappingi Tho Isisford J, 0. holii a - meeting on tlio fli'Bt day in tho now year! 'I'horo arc soven ovouts, and the plum is the Now Year's Gift, of £30, and Olio Flying Handicap of a similar amount. The Gympie racos on Docombor 26 and 27 comprise- soiuo-dooont ptizos. Thoro will bo tho Christinas Handicap,- -£40';' tho Pre sident's llnndicap; of £40,' and the Monk- land Handicap of £20. Entries oloso for Brisbntio Tattorsall's on Tuesday; ; 1 OivNow Year's Day thorn will bo £375 to b'o won at Townsvillo'. C ! : Stops aro 'o bo takon this' coming '-week to frame tho programme for tlio Emu Park races on Now Yoni-'s Day; : Thoirain spoilod what should have boon a nico small meoting nt Cawarral. ' Tho moat intorosting ovont was tho Minors's Pnrso, won by: Mv. LyoLs' Miuor, a local horse, brod by Mr. Flowors. Th'o grey Tom could hot got: through tho mud, and was badly licatou by Lawyer and CHoiu- ock. On Friday Rifleman and Mark l'aploy loft for Brisbane; rind 'on Tuesday Enid, Boori, and Optima will go down, _ Fernando, by winning tlio Queansland, Derby, and then, witli weight for ago up, ' securing tlio ;Quoou8land Cup, li-s proved! liimsolf a remarkably good throo-yoar-old. Fernando is a bay colt, bred by Mr. H. Barnes - in- Juno, 1886, at Dyaraba, Grafton,! Now South Wales, ami noininatod by liiraby! him for the Queensland Dor by ' in Juno, 1888i wlion tho hero of Saturday was a yoar-! ling. Hois a lengthy lovol oolt, with plenty; of Bubstanoo, inusolo,- and fashion, and a boautiful creeping mover. According to tlio calendar ho mado' his first appenranco in public at Clarence Tattorsall's J.C, mooting/ NoivuSouth' Walos, in April last, when lie .won the itovonth Sires' Produoo Stakes for two y.earrplds, ovor. ft vo furlongs, beating' lElsinove, . StockinottOj- and Rinaldo in a walk, ns'tho time, lmin l3.)socs, would hint. .At tho big, mooting at Grafton (Claronoo River Jockey Club) in July, ho boat T. Hawkins Smith's Analyst by 30 lengths :in tho. Mares' Produoo Stakes, $ mile/ .trotting in . in lmin lOiocs. Withdrawn from.., the.- Sires', Produoo Stokes noxfc day, .he was. Bont for tho .City Handicap, once , round,. oliont X railo and a distnnoe. This raoo' :1m won vory easily from a big field of 15 -horse's, nftor .gotting off vory badly, and having to catch his fioldaud.work his way through, or: round it. Ho carriod Gst 81b. and boat Ti'idontino, 3 yoars, Gst 121b, and IComisoh, 8 years, 7st lib, in thoir placos, And boliind tho tliroo "situations" woro Aga, Florrio (winner of tho big handicap tlio pre vious day), Ajax, Abordeon, and Duration, amongst tho 13 unplnood. Tho timo, 2min 4Jsec, is tho best on rocord for tho course, .which . is supposed to bo considerably ovor ono miio and a distance. After this porform- anco, which from its stylo rather thanfrom tho calibre of tho fiold.ortlio rocord, stamped tho winner as no ordinary animal, Fernando was .sold to Mr. W. H. Kent at 400 guineas, with . tho condition that the oolt was to fulfil , his . engagements in tho Produce Stakes at Casino .and LismorOfc two at eaoli mooting. It is .hardly necessary to add that lie won all four in hollow stylo, nftor which ho carno to Queonslnnd, and was sent up to W. Mugge- ridgo's stablo at tho Grango, noar Ipswich, to bo tvainod for yostordny's raoo. In addition to tlio abovo performances, there is ono defeat to his account, namoly, in a handicap somowhoro ovor Casino or Grafton way, when he was beaton by Bortlia ovor six furlongs, but this doos uot show in tlio ealondar. Fernando is engaged in tho Sandgato Handioap to-day, whon ho will liavo to carry 7st 121b, and in tho St. Logor next May. Tho Derby of 1889 was not a truly run rnco, in that for tho first half-mile it was littlo better than a half-pnco gallop, but tho rocord of -2min SOseos boats Groywing's of last yoar by a 'fifth of a second, Elbe's by 5socs, and Elastic's (per- :hnps tbo best of all our Derby winners, and a lialf-brothor, on tlio sire's side, to Femando's Biro) by lsoc, and I think that/howevor tho ovent was run, tho result would havo boen tho samo. Tho absonoe-of Granoliestor robbed tho rnco of some intorost, but thero is now reason to think that had ho started ns fit as a fiddler tlio result would havo boon different. Indeed from tlie good form shown hy King Olaf, whose work had been -stopped for 10 days boforo tho raco, it is pretty certain that O. W. Murray's r colt would havo finished in front of M'Gill's. Had thoro boon anything to sot a pace, it is avguod, Fernando might .have boon boaton, and so he might, but ou tbo othor hand ho might not. Our Boy at tempted tho outtiug down gamo, but his best "paoq failed to extend tho winnor at any tiino,. who, , to all intents and purposes, niado all his own running. Only onoo .during, the. race — when Rosa of Drayton went up to and headed him on the outside, botwoon - the furlong and tho quarter-milo, was - he' over askod to stretch himself, and ho answered tho question so readily that after 20 yards ho was leading again at his leisure, and thence ho sailod homo tho oasiost of Derby winners by a length eloar from King Olaf, who carno with a. groat run insido the distance, and disposed of Govornor, who ran a good colt too. ;. On their best form last year thoro was littlo to choose botwoon King Olaf nnd Grandohostor (says a writer in tlio Telegraph) the King having decisively beaten M'Gill's colt twice at 101b, both for pnoo, as in the Jordan Stakes, nnd for stoutness, ns in the Critorionj King Olaf was boaton so easily in a race run exactly to suit a oolt of his brilliant speed that making all nooossary allowance for shortness of. work, it ib im possible to think that Grandohostor had the ghost of a show of lowering Femando's colors. Roso of Drayton ran so well that, for ono moment, sho fluttered her backers with hopes of victory, and this filly is probably tho third if not the. second host of lior yoar, whon thrraughly well. The groat spring carnivnl in Melbourne, tho liond quarters of tlio Australian turf, was ushered in under oirounistanoes wliioli do- noted a highly successful commencement, and it was undoubtedly tho most brilliant Derby riunion ovor colchratodatFlomington. As for tho sport, it was on all hands pro- nouncod Al, tho finiali for tho Melbourne States being of itself worth going out to seo. After Antmus and Sineouro had spun thorn- Carbine, woro perceived to single themselves out for what resulted in a deadly duel. They Wore running neolr and nock to within 150 yards of the winning post, Aboreorn ap parently going a triflo easier than liis opponent, but Hales sonn booame unoasy iu tho saddle, and in anothor few strides both horses woro in trouble. Then for an instant it scemod as if Carbino was having tho best of tho fight, but Aberoorn in his grogginoss bmupod up against him nt this critical junctui-o. Carbino nover quite recovered liimsolf, and just ns Aboreorn was gotting tho hotter of his whilom rivnl Molos, who was previously unnoticod whilo tho oxoiting combat was boing waged botwoon tlie two cracks, shot' up op tho inside like a meteor, atid only lost tho vordiot by tho shortest of short bonds, Carbino boing similarly sopnratcd from Mr. Gannon's horse, who was travelling mnoh tho fnstor of the three at tho finish, nnd was iu front of Aberoorn tho noxt strido nftor passing tho post. A moro sensational finish it would bo impossible to conceive. Tho Derby resulted in tho good thing it all along looked tor Dreadnought, but not without a determined ehallongo ou tho part of Rioliqliou, who oausod tho supporters of Mr. Whito's oolt |a pang of oxtromo auxioty as ho lieadod him within tho diBtanoo. " Tho favorito's boaton" oinnnatud liko a thundor- olap from tlio husky throated wioldors of tlio metallic pencil, but tlio Response was only of momnntary duration, for just as Riolielicu forged his head in front of tho favorite Hales called upon his mount for an effort, and tho coin responding in tho gamost possiblo fashion, ho gradually cleared liiinaolf of Richelieu and won all out by a longth and a quartor. Tlio point at which Power hoadod llnlcs was tho oxoiting poriod of tho struggle, and for a few strides tho backers of Dreadnought oxporioncod a dooidod chill and momontary tribulation, ft cannot he denied that tho favorito was sot a much mere difficult task than most pooplo anticipated ; nevertheless ho won through shear superiority. It was not gonorally known that Payton oxporioncod a very anxious timo with" Dreadnought for a wook or ten, days proooding tho raoo. He was, it appears, troubled with bad foot, and it was only by diut of a constant application of hob water nnd lotions that Payton succeeded iu keeping him on liis logs. This circum stance appeared to havo got known outside tho stablo, and a certain section of tho ring, notably ono or. two Sydnoyitos, mado thorn- salvos conspicuous by thu rosoluto manner in which they fielded against tlio Kirkhain representative. Rudolph faithfully per formed tho . mission of pnoo maker for his now illustrious stablo comrade, and thoro are tlioso who harbor tho notion that tho .imscxod sou of Martini-Henry would himsolf havo' proyod . equal to annoxing tho Doiby: diadoin' hut for being sacrificed in tho! ondoavorto make things smooth for D oad-' nought. This is an idea I fail to coincide' with, holiovihg us I do that Dreadnought will always prove himself vastly superior to his confrere. After Dreadnought's Derby triumph the ring showed no disposition to field against tho favorito for tho Mariliyrnong plato. Tho' race resulted in a slashing finish botwoon Tho Admiral and Utter, tho vordict re-' maining in doubt until Mr. Wakoly decided for tho first-namod-by a short head. It was; Mr. S. G. Cook's first viotory in a classical ovont, and as tho proprietor of tho Pytehlny Lodge stable is a thorough all round- sports man everybody was pioased to boo tho wheel of fortune revolve in his favor. The Admiral' is a compact, level-made oolt, by Richmond, from Footsteps, and was purchased by his prosontownerntMr. W. Blaokor's annual sale. It was somothing of a coinoidonco for repre sentatives of Riohmond and Chester to fight- out tho issue in both tho Dorby and Maribyr- nong Plate, arid as far as the horses were con cerned honors woro equally divided. "Wilga, of whom vory littlo waB expected, carria.l Mr. D. 8. Wallace's colors into third place, but none of tho othors distinguished them- solves, alboit amongst them woro some ex cellent performers iu Corrozo, Riverina, Allegro, Claro, Marah, Magic Circlo, and Hormitago. Cup day of 1889 has beon nddod to tho history ot tho Victorian turf, and will ho remembered by those who witnessed ice stirring incidents as ono of tho most in teresting and gonorally successful days ever oxporioncod on an Australian raoocourso. As usual, nine out of ovory tan declared tho attendance tho host on rocord, bnt, as a mattor of fact, the nttondanoe was consider ably less than last yoar, which, remembering tho attractions of tho Exhibition, was nob surprising. Tho last two to leavo tho Birdoago woro tho Dowling Forest representatives, Oakleigli and Bravo, who were closely obsorvod. Tho first-named looked as ho always doos, bright as a star, carrying tho truo polish, for which tho veteran Tommy Wilson has acliievod a well oarnod reputation ; and Bravo, on tho othor hand, lookod moro jolly I than his companion, he having boon indulged i in a week's enforced idlonoss in consequence i of tlio acoidont which bofol him at Caulfiold. His followers, nevertheless, clung fondly to tho hopo that ho would Biiccood in pulling through, and they were fortified in this ex pectation by rccolloctions of Zulu and Arsoual, both of which were supposod to be on tho sick list at tbo timo of ac complishing their respective victories. Not withstanding his plump appearance, Bravo's muscular lines wore woll dofined. and although on the lasty side, thero .was ample evidonco of liis having undergone a vast amount of genuine oxerciso. His muscular quarters afforded strong testimony on this point, in addition to which he carried the orthodox Dowling Forest bloom. Those who wore inquisitivo enough to soaroli for indica tions of tho accident which befel Bravo at C'aulfield wore readily satisfied hy tho suspicious looking plato which oncasedhis near foro hoof, but in other rospeoto Grand Flaneur's illustrious son betrayed no un favorable symptoms, as he brought up to tho rank and filo of tho Cup competitors. Ab Bravo loisuroly wondod his way on the trail of his adversaries ono could not held reflect ing on tho timo worn adage, " Tho last shall bo first," and a fow minutes later the 20 combatants found themselves under tho control of the prince of starters, ready to dotermino tho championship handicap honors of 1880. So onded tho propatory scene in tho Birdcage. Now for the raco. When at tho starting post Rudolph at first showed no inclination to repeat tho fractiousnosB which delayed tho Btart for tho Dorby, but a rib bender from Tinlandor got his monkey up, and then thoro was the douoo to pay, the gelding rotaliating all round in a manner which nocossitatod his removal to tho oxtromo outside, noxt to Dunkeld. The last named did not rolish Rudolph's company, and lash- ing out ho dealt Dunhey a severe blow on the foot. Boyond suffering great pain for a- minuto or two, Rudolph's jookey received no' serious injury, arid after a Blight delay the 20 competitors wore sent away on excel- lont terms. Rioheliea's blue jacket was the first to oateh the eyo, Chicagq, Rudolph, and Prince Concert being the quickest away of the others. After going a fur long Richoliou was obsorvod to hold a clear lead of Pakeha, Cardigan, Prince Consort, and Knight of tho Garter, but on entering tho course propor Carringtou carried Mr. Sylvester Browne's snow white jacket to the front, and kopt it (hero to within half a wile from ho ao, his neareat attendants at various portions of the journey boing Prinoe Consort, Rudolph, Pakoha, Antmus, Dunkold, Chot- wyud, Monotti, Knight of the Gnrtor, Oak- loigh, aud Bonzon, Bravo's black and gold diamonds Wore for tho greater portion of tho jouruoy conspicuous in tho centre of the field, wbilo Chicago lay considerably. out of his ground to within five furlongs from homo, wlion ho commenced to improve his position. Upon to this point Cardigan and Bluenoss «... i i-i. _ t- .c Tt A. ULbCil uUU JJlliU U1 W UippUCO lilt lb Wtto IlJb until the field swept past the scraping sheds towards the half mile poqt that inattars cqmmencpd to bopomo really exciting. Tho field assumed such compact order at this juncture that any horso with a winning ohanco had nn opportunity of coming away. Carrington was tlio first to cry peccant, having run tho longth of his totlior before reaching tho home turn, whoro Dunkold showod in ndvanco aud hold a clour load of Rudolph, Cnrrington, Carbino, Prinoo Consort, Bravo, Chicago, Knightof tho Garter, Pukoha, Bonzon, Molos, Richoliou, Cardigan, Antmus, Singapore, Chotwynd, Oakleigh, Monotti, Tinlandor and Bluonoso last. This was tho order in which tlio 20 horsos entered the straight, and tho leaders wore no soonor in a boo lino for homo than Dunkold oompoundod, aud Rudolph did likowiso, leaving Carbino at tho head ot affairs, with Princo Consort in iuimodiato attondanco. Approaching tho distanco Chicago spurted brilliantly, and, heading Carbino at tho ond of tho carriage paddock, liis friends vooiforously announced liis success. Tho hearer of tho spotted jacket, howovor, failed to sustain the effort, and retired iu favor of tho Musket horse, who was thoroupon challenged by Biavo, with Molos in hot porsuit of both. H was 1 a desporato struggle botwoon Carbino and Bravo for a dozen strides or so, and for a timo souio thought tho Muskat representa tive was having Blightly thu hoot of tlio combat, but lOst told its talo iu thu end, and Bravo won all out by a clear length, Mclos being boaton by half a neck for second pUco, Piikelni finishing fourth Princo Consort fifth, aud Chicago sixth. To say that tho viotory was a supriso would ho a flat contradiction of tho market odds ngrinst Bravo nt tho timo of starting, inasmuch as ho was woll supported at 10 to 1\. Strango to say, howovor, ho was to all appearances as dead as tho proverbial door nail 10 days before tho raco, having boon rendered hors do comhat by an accident ho mot with when at Caulfiold. Ho was per fectly lame when ho roturnod to Ballarat, and so liopolass did his caso appear _ that 10,000 to 50 was actually laid against him in ouo lino at, tho Victoriau Club. This was followed by a couplo of hots of 1000 to 1, tlioso boing accoptod at tho last couplo of nails in Bravo's coffin. Tho layer who mani fested such persistent hostility to tho sup posed dead 'un is Biiid to havo oporated ugninst lnm to the oxtont of £27,000, arid it was understood to bo a caso of only having to pciform tlio funarnl rites. 100 to 10 was offered that ho did not soo tho post, where upon T. Wilson, his trainor, ivas commurii- cntcil with, and £2000 laid him to nothing by the acceptor of tho 10,000 to 50. From that moment Bravo bogan to dovolop symp toms of vitality, and the inctnllician who hud puppored him becoming alarmed, ho lit orico commenced to get back some of liis inonuy. This naturally shortened Bravo's price, and satisfactorily accounted for the healthy market ring in respeot to his Cup chauco at the oloso ' of tho penoilling operations in tho paddock. Bravo's lame ness, his subsequent retrogression in tho hetiing, i ho sensational wager booked about him, his reinstatement in public estoom and ultimate viotory are now matters of turf history; and in this connection tho Mel- : bourne Cup of 1889 .will bo hereafter remem bered as ono ' of the most sensational . .on record. That Bravo was the best handi- cupped horso in the Melbourne Cup . was plainly evident to eyorybody who had Btudied tho merits aud demerits of Mr, Barnard's production. Too mnoh oannot bo said in praiso of Car bine's Bplendid porforirianco, and ono could not holp ' admiring tho horoic manner in which ho gainoly disputed the finish with Briivo. By running into second piaco with 10at,. his aohiovemont is worthy of .being classed with Commotion's memorable per formance in 1883, when he finished third to Martini-Henry and First Water, carrying lib inoro than Carbino. It iB notable, too, that Carbino is a young 4-yoar-old, whoroas Commotion was a year older. Melos delayed his run, otharwiso ho would havo finished closer to the winner, whilo Chicago, on the contrary, came much too soon, in addition to boing badly positionod all through tho rnco. Dunkeld and Rudolph momentarily flattered thoir respective admirers at the homo tarn, but both moltod away to nothing whon the pinoh came. Singapore never oneo appoared dangerous, and tho Mordialloc division, who thought they possosBod a good thing in Knight of tho Garter, woro vory muoh o.itin thoir calculations. Benzon proved another disappointment, neither did fanaied candi dates like Antaius, Rioheliou, Chotwynd, Car digan, Fakoha, and Oakleigh, fulfil expecta tions. 