FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. THE WEEK'S SHOWS. Theatre Royal—The Silbons. Town Hall—The Midgets. Town Hall, Monday—Orpheus Society. If you have not visited the Royal since the advent of the Gaylord-cum-Silbon- cum-Stirk combination you had better get there while it is night, for the day cometh when these wonders of agility and daring will vanish en route to South America to share the honors with the only Bernhardt. Let Quiz just take you through the programme. Florrie and Minnie King are a pair of fairies, light and airy, and the way they spin plates and balance swords and juggle with bells convinces you that they have the power of magic. The Dale Brothers, acrobats, might hire themselves out to Bechervaise as Catherine wheels—they spin each other about anyhow. As for the Silbons they seem to float through the air with the greatest of ease, on nothing as well as the flying trapeze, and for graceful poetic evolutions they take the cake. What shall be said of Moulton and Dashway, who have arrived at a confidential understanding with their triple horizontal bars—well, their bar business is even greater than Mrs. Ware's at the Exchange. Then you see the grotesque Girards—three of them, and all of them funnier than Charley Todd; the Stirks, who could go to sleep on a bicycle and forget that there is any such thing as gravitation. Warner, the mimic, and Miss Nellie Salinger, the * vocalist, must not be forgotten; but the whole winds up with the Silbons sensation aerial act of a flying jump and a double somersault of one into the hands of the other suspended from a trapeze. What Quiz wants to say particularly is that there is nothing vulgar about the show, and that "nothing in it" would raise a blush to the cheek of j modesty. This latter original remark is a j quotation from Rowland Rees, who once wrote a tragedy under the name of Rudolph. To-night and next week everything will be new, and look out for the unicycle. v v " The smith, a mite-y man is he." Probably Longfellow never knew J. Saville Smith when he wrote about the village anvil-pounder. If not it was Longfellow's loss, because if he'd known this Smith he would also have become acquainted with General and Mrs. Mite. Well, we know them anyway, and we only wish that we owned them. If we did we might be millionaires like Proprietor Flynn and Fred. Gunther. No one who sees Gunther would think he was a millionaire. There is no ostentation about him. Quiz has known hiin to take a whisky at the close of the show when his pockets were filled with golden sovereigns, just as though he was used to it every day of his life, which of course he is not. Then there is Fred. Norton. He lectures and recites, and likewise appears in a clean shirt. Fred is funny because he can't help it. He was born making a joke, and he has gone on ever since providing amusement for people who are able to pay for it. When they can't pay, Fred is not there. He is non est as it were. In fact, he is an honest showman. Fred, and Quiz met years ago. It was in another world, and Fred was trying to teach the D how to make punch. His brew was so strong that Meph. told him his energies were wasted, and that he had better go to Adelaide. That's why he came. If you disbelieve this lie you may call at the Prince Alfred Hotel. But what has this got to do with the Mites ? Not much, perhaps, but the General couldn't get on without the Freds. One introduces him and the other collars the coin. Of the two billets we know which Quiz would prefer, and when Gunther retires he is going to apply for the position of part proprietor. Coming to the Midgets, Quiz has to say that they are the cunningest, cleverest, cussedest little mortals he ever set eyes upon. He observed this im-midgei-ly, as you, dear reader, will do. It's worth the admission-money to hear the General sing, "If I was only long enough," or to see the two Mites dance a schottische. If you go once to the Town Hall you are bound to go again, and if you are not satisfied Quiz will guarantee that the money paid will be safely deposited in the Bank. To-day the children will have another treat, and a thousand and a half are invited to the General's levee. The levy is only sixpence each. Quiz, who is the father of ten, has parted with five honest bob, and he will be there to see that "Norty" does not smuggle them away and run a variety show on his own account. Fred, is bound to make money, honestly if he can; but at any rate some way or another. Well, there is no doubt about the ghost walking just now. We'd sooner take shares in the Midget boom than we would hold a thousand Broken Hills. * * * Melbourne is full of shows, and most of them are doing good business. At the new Princess Theatre Charles Warner and Gracie are calling forth tears and applause nightly in "Captain Swift." Charles leaves for New Zealand next week. "The Silver King" has had a pheno menally successful run at the Royal, and Wilfred Denver has kept on asking that the universe may be put back. To- night " Harbour Lights" will be staged. At the Opera House Johnny Sheridan is booming along " Fun on the Bristol," while at the Alexandra Theatre that lugubriously dreadful play " The Wages of Sin" is being performed by the Dampiers to an accompaniment consisting of the blowing of olfactory organs. Snazelle, the monologue entertainer at the Athenaeum Hall, is doing good business, and the London Pavilion Com pany are filling St. George's Hall. Then there is an illusionist crowd at the Victoria Hall, and what with a cyclorama and Bastard's (we beg pardon, Robert's) show Melbourne has enough amusements to keep that Queen City in a perennial state of delight. By the bye our old friend Captain de Burgh had a satisfactory " begabit" at the Opera-House last Saturday. Nellie Stewart and Billy Elton at the Sydney Opera-House are appearing in "Pepita," and the stick-sucking youths vow that Nellie is more charming than ever, while Elton is so funny that he would make a horse laugh. Last nights are announced. Handsome George and Miss Kate Bishop have taken to the legitimate, and are playing "Julius Caesar" at Her Majesty's. George is Marc. He always was a man of mark. At the Criterion B. & B.'s company have achieved a big success in "She Stoops to Conquer." They will be here in about two months. The English and Comic Opera Company have been singing " Faust" in English. Season closes September 14. Miss Rosa Towers is starring in "Grif.," which she more than once played in Adelaide. W. J. Wilson has a variety show at the Academy of Music, Frank Smith has ditto at the Alhambra Music Hall, and Mesmerist Kennedy is sending people to sleep at the School of Arts. v \ jV Brisbane is running two shows—the Katie Putnam Company at the Opera-House and Frank Clark's varieties at the Gaiety. In Tasmania the Cogill Brothers and Geo. C. Miln, we beg pardon for the order, have been doing good biz. George has been lecturing on " The Church and the Stage." :'c ^ Away down in New Zealand the Hugo Buffalo Minstrels are still raking in the coin of the Maoris. Bland* Holt has been parading " The Union Jack " with the success he deserves, although the play is rather poor potatoes. , The Vivians have been on " tour" with the usual stock pieces, and at latest were going to " do " the goldfields. D'Orsay Ogden, his wife, and baby are in Dunedin. Mrs. Ogden, it seems, is a niece of Sir James Fergusson, and D'Orsey says he was a major and colonel in the American war. Frank Lincoln is expected to arrive shortly. Christchurch is to have a new Opera-House. >!" The Adelaide Orpheus Society have a splendid programme in the Town Hall on Monday night. We don't refer now to the attractively printed little book which energetic Mr. Maudsley has prepared, but to the excellent arrangement of vocal and instrumental numbers that will be presented. The two waltz songs themselves will be worth the admission-money, and conductor Stevens, whose name is a guarantee for success, has taken care that the tastes of all shall be admirably suited. The public will probably plump for the waltzes but they will be able to enjoy the other vocal efforts of the Society and the pianoforte selections of Mrs. Thomas King. The hall should be crowded. If it is not Quiz will be content to live on hash for the remainder of his natural life. 