The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in the place where I am demanded of con- science to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for in- sertion in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any cir- cumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as the rule will be adhered to strictly. No notice can be taken of anonymous communica- tions. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons in- terested, we have to request that all business com- munications, including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addressed to WILSON and MACKINNON, and not to THE EDITOR. Payments by post-office order, bank draft, or Victorian postage stamps will oblige. SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 1889. The omissions from the Govern- ment programme are as noticeable as the proposals that are included in it, and in some respects are more defen- sible. The Ministers have not given way to fads. Biennial Parliaments are not favoured; Mr. GILLIES perhaps having noted that there is a consensus of opinion that biennial terms are the ruin of the Houses that adopt them in the United States. No one, of course, seriously expected that Ministers would take up the issue of women's suffrage, of which indeed it would be cruel to rob the young men's debating societies. Local option is also fairly entitled to a rest, if only that we may see how the last new system works. As to the absentee tax, there is one Minister who, at every meeting, expresses his willingness to levy such an impost, but who at the same time confesses that he does not see how this is to be done without injury or alarming the outside investor. And no doubt this is where practical politicians will find the pinch comes, it ever they sit down to translate the vague expres- sions of the platform into statute law. A good deal of reasoning together has yet to be achieved before a grasp is obtained by the public on this particular subject. It is just now in the nebulous condition. There are absentees and absentees, and it may be said that no one has any desire to touch the greater number of these individuals. As a preliminary to a study of the issue, a rough subdivision of the class may be attempted :— 1. Investors in Govern- ment securities. — This is the most numerous and most important section. Nearly the whole of our public debt (£35,000,000) is hold in Great Britain, mostly by persons who have never lived, and never intend to live, in the colonies, but who contemplate drawing an income from Victoria for their time. Their absenteeism is of a pronounced order, and yet not one man in ten thousand outside of our lunatic asylums proposes to tax them. We all see that to do so would be a great injustice. We have made a contract to pay a certain rate of interest, and we must abide by it faithfully. We should, indeed, find great difficulty in going to the London market over again if after floating a loan at 3½ per cent, we deducted ½ or 1 or 1½ percent. under the guise of an absentee impost. If the tax were only 1s. in the £ it would carry with it the principle that we could repudiate the whole liability, and Victoria would there and then lose her name for honest dealing. 2. The second class is com- posed of outside capitalists, who have lent money to local bodies and to har- bour and tramway trusts on the faith of acts of Parliament; and all that has been said about debenture-holders applies to these investors. To tax them to the extent of a penny would be to proclaim ourselves fraudulent minded, and no such proposition will be made. 3. The third class will be com- posed of absent capitalists, who put their money into Australian trust, finance, mortgage, and business companies, or who send money out here, as bottle of the large assurance companies have been doing, for invest- ment on mortgage. There is no desire, we believe, to discourage these invest- ments. On the contrary, they are usually hailed with lively feelings of satisfaction. It is assumed that a steady influx of capital tends to the development of our resources, to the employment of labour, and to a general rise in the value of properties. A few years ago a proposal to tax men of this class who are drawing money from the colony would have found support among the ultra radicals who used to pro- nounce the banks the curses of the colony, but events have educated and converted all but a few irreconcilables. 4\. The fourth class will be composed of Australian colonists who own property in more than one of the colonies, and who cannot reside in all of them. But it may be said that for every £1 so held in Victoria, Victorians own £10 in the sister communities. Riverina holdings, cattle runs and gold mines in Queens- land, sheep stations and silver mines in New South Wales, are all being de- veloped by Victorian capital. And so it is with Tasmania and South Aus- tralia. An intercolonial absentee tax is indeed too ridiculous to be seriously contemplated. But we now come to two classes whom the advocates of an absentee impost must have in their contempla- tion. 5. This section will be composed of absent British capitalists who buy property here. Lord ROSEBERY is credited with so doing in some of the colonies, and the Duke of MANCHESTER in others, and these are but two in- stances of many. We question if there is any strong feeling about this class, however, and the difficulty is that if you tax them you frighten away the money which comes here for investment on mortgage. The mortgagee has always to face the possibility that the property will fall into his hands, and if he realises that in that contingency he is liable to be picked out as an object for special taxation, light at first perhaps, and perhaps crushing in the end, he will naturally prefer colonies and countries in which he runs no such risk. The probability is great, indeed, that if you touch one British investor you affright the whole, and consequently very few people would care about trying the experiment. One and all of us, it may be said, would regard such a policy as dangerous at our present stage of de- velopment, if not suicidal. We come, therefore, to class 6 the last of all. This is composed of men who have acquired property here, and who have returned to Great Britain to enjoy their good fortune there, and these no doubt are the persons who are aimed at. Yet to illustrate the difficulties of the posi- tion we may take two landed properties, the one owned by an English trust com- pany, and the other by an ex-colonist. In each instance there will be a re- mission of money to Great Britain, more probably in the case of the trust company than in that of the ex- colonist, who after he has paid his own living expenses in Europe, will usually be inclined to re invent any surplus here. Such, indeed, is the actual ex- perience of the agents. But how can the law distinguish between these two remittances? Or, the ex colonist may sell or mortgage his property to the hilt to English investors and then the law must drop its hold on the estate, though in all material facts the absentee character of the ownership is unchanged. We may suppose that the ex-colonist has sold his property and has the cash in hand. He is then free to invest it anywhere. Is he to be allowed to come here for an investment, or is he to be warned off by a special impost ? And if he is to be warned off, why? If Smith, with £100,000, obtained we know not where, is welcomed if he sends his capital here, why should Brown be repelled because we know how he came by his money? Consideration brings us at last to this question — Is it desirable that a colonist who goes abroad should sell out and take his capital with him, thus diminishing the general stock by so much, or is it more advisable that he should leave that capital behind him? So far discussion has touched none of these issues, and yet there can be no settlement until they are understood and disposed of. Dealing with the question as a whole it may be submitted that absenteeism of the one class is likely to grow and grow. Our foreign owned debt be- comes larger and larger, and so do foreign investments. But absenteeism of the other class is likely to diminish and to dimish. It was natural that Englishmen and Scotchmen born and bred should turn in their prosperity to their own country. To them Australia could not be home, but with the Australian born and bred it will be different. They may travel in the old world and enjoy it. But to them Europe not be Australia. It is evident that ghosts — not the supernatural article, but a very natural and human variety — are beginning to play a more and more important part in society. As faith, in the ghost of fiction and tradition is dying out, the material ghost of everyday life is at- tracting a larger share of public attention. At first his existence was not even thought of anywhere; now his presence will be suspected every where. It is becoming clear that, veiled under the specious euphuism " private secretary," " pupil," or " agent, " the ghost has been busily working unseen for years. Every now and then, however, something occurs to show that things are not what they seem, and to reveal the hidden source of much with the outside of which the world is familiar. The latest occurrence of this kind is the action brought by one ROBERT DENNIS against that well known public character, Mr J. HENNIKER HEATON. It is almost unnecessary to mention that the latter gentleman has long been before the world as the mouthpiece of a united Australia. No one is likely to question the undoubted qualifications for his post, which are possessed by the poison generally known at home as the "member for Australia. " Nor will it be denied that as the spokes- man of " these colonies " — am expres- sion which we trust will not be resented by the late Pienucr of New South Wales — the public utterances and doings of Mr. HENNIKER HEATON have attracted an amount of attention which would possibly not have been accorded him either as a private individual or even as the member for Canter- bury in the House of Commons. Mr. HEATON'S name has been con- spicuously associated with a scheme for establishing a penny postage be- tween the mother country and her colonies, as well as with other move- ments which, if at present a little pre- mature, all have as their end the ad- vancement of colonial prosperity. In furtherance of these aims, Mr. HENNIKER HEATON has from time to time given public utterance to his opinions. His correspondence with the Postmaster General at home on the subject of Imperial penny postage will long be remembered as an exhaustive defence of a scheme which for some reason has never been popular. His statement on the same subject laid before the Colonial Confeience has probably been for a long time the favourite reading of the English official world. On other occa- sions he has delivered speeches and contributed articles to maga/mes in support of his views on this and on other matters of the highest importance. By those means he has built up for him- self a reputation at home, which is even greater than that enjoyed by him in the colonies. It would be scarcely an exaggeration to say that Mr J. HEN- NIKER HEATON is actually more thought of in England than in Australia. To his many admirers in both countries, however, the recent proceedings in the London law courts must come as the rudest of shocks. The admiration which has been bestowed upon Mr. HENNIKER HEATON since his entrance into public life has, as it now appears, been lavished upon the wrong person. It is not J. HEN- NIKER HEATON after all who is the "member for Australia," but ROBERT DENNIS. It was DENNIS, not HEATON, who really penned those lengthy letters to poor Mr. RAIKES; as well as the statement numbered 27 in the appendix to the report of the proceedings of the Imperial Conference. DENNIS, not HEATON, was the true author of those articles in the National Review; and in the case of the speeches, though the voice was the voice of HEATON, the thoughts and ideas were the thoughts and ideas of DENNIS. Perhaps the worst part of such discoveries is the feeling of diffidence and insecurity which they are apt to leave behind. Doubts at once begin to suggest them- selves with hideous persistency as to the true authorship of other acts in the hero's career. Who com- piled that erudite and veracious work called the Australian Dictionary of Dates and Men of the Times, which has hitherto constituted one of the chief claims of Mr. HENNIKER HEATON to literary eminence? Was it really the "member for Australia" who once performed a signal service to his country and his QUEEN by becoming the bearer of the celebrated despatch from Madagascar? Have ghostly fingers penned all the writings of Mr. HENNIKER HEATON , and have ghostly voices all along whispered thoughts and suggestions in his ear? Moreover, if the services of one ghost are shown to have been made use of, may there not be other agencies that have also been employed? Suppose it should turn out that DENNIS is not the only form in the background, and that behind the "ghost" there lurkes a lurks a " devil. " In that case, we fear, the general opinion would be that in spite of the imposing appearance presented by the " member for Australia " the man him- self is but a simulacrum and an empty show, a patron of ghosts and a literary and political fraud. And to this view, possibly, the world may come at last. As an employer of ghostly labour, however, it must be admitted that Mr. HENNIKER HEATON is in pretty good company, and in one to which he need not be ashamed to belong. Artists have long been in the habit of maintaining intimate relations with the phantasmal world. The revelations made in the celebrated case of Belt v. Lawes, and another very similar case in which a Belgian artist was con- cerned, showed that modern artists are only following in the steps of the early masters. Each of these had his school of pupils, and no one probably will ever know how much of some of the great pictures of the world was the work of the master himself, and how much that of some pupil more advanced than the rest. Barristers, too, as is well known, do not disdain to accept a substantial honorarium as a recompense for allow- ing a young man the run of their chambers and the privilege of doing their dirty work. In the case of the law however it is generally to be noticed that the services of the ghost or pupil are not so much utilised as in the case of art. The freedom, indeed, with which learned counsel treat the drafts submitted by those who are read ing in their chambers, though gratify- ing as a proof of professional indepen- dence, is not infrequently the subject of much complaint in the pupil room. In all branches of life the services of an underling are always utilised by those who are in any way to the fore. From this point of view therefore, Mr. HENNIKER HEATON may claim to be classed with RAPHAEL and MICHAEL ANGELO, and the foremost statesmen and lawyers of the day. It is merely a question of degree, after all But if RAPHAEL and MICHAEL ANGELO had made as much use of the services of their pupils as Mr. HENNIKER HEATON appears to have made of the services of his ghost, it is possible that they would not be known now as the greatest painter and sculptor that the world has seen, and that they would have occupied in art a position very similar to that now filled in politics aud literature by the member for Canterbury. Now and then we have attacks by pro- fessional parliamentarians on the " com- " mercial management" principle which is supposed, and which certainly ought, to control our railways. These gentle- men long for a return to old times and old practices. But now and then, also inci- dents occur which show how carefully any such retrogression ought to be guarded against. This week there has been a gathering of the Railway Employés' Association, and the orator of the evening took for his text the Kew statement of Mr. GILLIES that it is proposed to reduces railway freights by the sum of £50,000 per annum, in the interests of the farmers. The speaker declared that these reductions were to be looked at with much suspicion, inasmuch as they would lead to the cry that the railways do not pay, and that economies and savings must be effected. To emphasise his remarks, the speaker concluded with a motion for an all-round increase of 6d. per day in the wages of men receiving under 7s. per day. If this resolution is to be given effect to, no doubt the £50,000 promised to the farmers will, to use a Parliamentary phrase, be speedily "mopped up," and the alarm of the employés will be accordingly abated. So much Mr. FORD, who received a deputa- tion of the men yesterday. declared to them as senior commissioner; and he added with much common sense, that the payment of wages above the market rate would simply attract compeitiors from all parts of Australia. And as against the men, the farmers are declaring that the promised concession of £1,000 per week is not enough, and are anxiously pressing for more. Both sides rely political pressure, and it is in such a situation that com- mercial management ought to prevail. If the £50,000 per annum is all that the department can legitimately spare the farmers, then no more should be granted, though, of course, so soon as a flourishing revenue puts the department in a better condition then the possible more should be given, with the utmost cheerfulness and the greatest goodwill. But, on the other hand, the farmers assuredly ought not to be deprived of this £50, 000 per annum in order to indis- crimately raise the wages of workmen in the service of the department to a higher level than the laws of supply and demand show to be necessary. "Commerc- " cial management " affords the one way of dealing equitably with these conflicting claims, and "commercial management" must be a first principal with any National Party. The result of the sale of the prison buildings at Pott Arthur, which took place on Thursday last, appears to have been very decisive. The model prison, indeed, was brought by a syndi- cate for the very substantial sum, as it seems, of £630. The purchasers, it must be supposed, have some idea of being able to turn their purchase to profitable account. And any scheme of this sort is almost sure to involve its demolition. Others of the buildings were sold on the understanding that they were to be removed by the purchasers; and that the disappear- ance of nearly all those parts of the old convict establishment which have recently changed hands may thus be looked upon as tolerably certain. In these circum- stances a good many people probably will not be sorry to hear that the peni- tentiary, the largest and best preserved building of the lot, was withdrawn from sale owing to the reserve price of £800 not having been offered. It is impossible indeed, not to feel a good deal of regret that such interesting relics should be in danger of being destroyed. No doubt the Tasmanians may regard the matter rather differently from those who are less closely associated than they are with the events which the relics recall. There may be a feeling that it is just as well to wipe out all traces of a time which for many reasons it is not very pleasant to look back upon. At the same time, public opinion in Tasmania was by no means unanimous on the subject. By many persons the action of the Government, in putting up these national relics for sale, was strongly con- demned. An abrupt severance from the past is not always pleasant, even when this past in itself was not altogether what might have been desired. Moreover, in Australia there is such a lack of remnants of antiquity that the wisdom of destroying some of the scanty stock that exists may well be doubted. Our neighbours, however, have decided the matter in their own way, and it is impossible to blame them overmuch for decision. The destruction of the model prison will be the loss most severely felt, as it was by far the most interesting of the remains. It is satisfactory to know what the penitentiary, which per- haps ranks next in importance and interest, has had a reprieve, though it will not be long probably before this too shares the fate that now awaits some of its companions. The news from France increases in interest, for it is becoming a question whether the year of the centennial anni- versary of the Revolution will see in office the President of a democratic republic or the Imperial Cæsar. The scene in the Chambers on Thursday evening last must, according to our cable message, have been dramatic. The Premier rose to move the arrest of the leaders of the so called Patriotic League, when the real head of the league, General BOULANGER, rose with menace like a soldier. The result has yet to be made manifest for the general may be advised to resist the imprisonment of his associates, and then all would depend upon the army. The correct course of the new Pretender is no doubt not to play the gamo of CROMWELL, who used his forces to "purge the Parliament," but rather to follow Louis NAPOLEON, who became President by the votes of the people first, and who achieved his coup afterwards. But events may precipitate his action. What is instructive in the affair — where we have a warning — is the evident growth of the national feel- ing against a parliamentary Government that has lapsed into inefficiency. An Artemus Ward would be tempted to ask why is this thus and the answer is not far to seek. The French, like FRANKEN- STEIN, grow disgusted with the monster they have created. They bring together a Parliament of talkers, and then, after a deluge of recriminatory gabble, they realise that what they need is men of knowledge and action. So it was in the Commonwealth. VANE and his crew were all eloquent expounders, but when CROMWEL exclaimed, "The Lord de- "liver us from Sir HENRY VANE," the nation exclaimed "Amen!" The French apparently are sick and wearied of froth, and long for a strong Government, capable of deeds. In America, says its latest historian, oratory has been practically suppressed in Congress by the system of referring all bills and questions to small committees, which decide their fate, and that rule, however unfavourably it operates other respects, seems to have saved Congress from the contempt which is falling every where on Chambers of loquacity. It is an old sarcasm that the classes most affected by oratory are women, savages, and democracies, but the fact is that democracies, sooner or later, rise up in revolt against the reign of the stump talker. The R. M. S. Ormuz, of the Orient lines arrive in the bay yesterday from London with a large number of passengers and was berthed at the Williamstown railway pier. The R. M. S. Austral, of the same line, took her departure yesterday afternoon from the same pier for London. She had a large pas- senger list, and besides having a full cargo of colonial products and specie to the value of £137, 500, she took a consignment of 4,498 cases of Tasmanian apples for the English market. Mr Gillies received a very favourable hear- ing at Caulfield yesterday evening. During the course of his address he made special allusion to the persistency with which the past two Coalition Governments had sought to promote the cause of Australasian feder- ation. First, he dwelt upon the policy of resistance pursued in relation to the annexation of the islands of the Pacific. The complications which were likely to arise, should the islands be occupied by the people of any other nationality than the British were alluded to, and regret was ex- pressed that New South Wales should have refrained from co-operating with its neigh- hours during the course of the negotiations in regard to the Hebrides. As illustrating the straight course the Government had taken in its desire to advance the clime of federa- tion, Mr Gillies pointed out that Victoria had acted with the other colonies in the for- mation of the Federal Council, and had sought to bring about a cessation of the war of the border railway tariffs. In addition, it had sought to induce the other colonies to secure the services of an eminent army official to advise the colonies upon a federal scheme of defence. In each instance New South Wales had stood aloof, and conse- quently nothing definite had resulted. After speaking upon the wisdom of the colonies coalescing, Mr. Gillies expressed the hope that New South Wales would yet co-operate with its neighbours in determining matters of common interest. At a meeting of the Executive Council, held yesterday evening, the appointment was made of additional polling places, which have been certified to by the returning officers as being necessary. The writs are issued to-day and nominations must be lodged on the 21st inst. The Government have not yet determined whether polling day shall be declared a public holiday, as has been the practice on former occasions. The increase of the hours during which votes can be recorded is believed by the government to render a public holiday unnecessary. The offer made by Mr. A. Chirnside of Werribee-park, to contribute to the formation of a half battery of horse artillery, has been accepted by the Government. Several changes are now being made by the Defence authorities in the construction of the Norden- felt battery, with the object of combining it with Mr Chirnside's corps as a battery of horse artillery of four guns. The mem- bers of the Nordenfelt battery are being trained in the meantime in the use of 12lb. guns of this type, which in future they will have to serve. The formation of this additional battery will enable the Defence department to convery the existing three batteries of field artillery of six guns each into two of eight guns. This change is being made on the earnest recom- mendation of Colonel Disney and the present commandant, Colonel Brownrigg. The Public Service Board has for some time past been engaged in considering the appeals lodged by teachers against their class- sification by the board of classifiers. When the Public Service Board first began this duty objection was taken by the classifiers to its hearing these appeals, on the ground that the Public Service Act only provided for the exercise of such a function in the case of the first roll issued by the classifiers. This interuption of the statue was rejected by the Public Service Board, which subsequently invited teachers who complained of the statue given them to appeal. This invitation evoked a number of applications from teachers for a hearing, but it was dis- covered that a large proportion of the appeals had reference to a former, and not to the most recent, classification. The board held that such appeals were ultra vires, and that it could only deal with those which had elation to the last classification. The question was also raised whether the board could adjudicate upon appeals against classification in sub-classes of each class, but the Crown Law Department had advised that the board has no power to act, except where a teacher objected to his being placed in a specific class. A large number of the appeals have been determined by the board, and will be made public on Monday. His Excellency the Acting Governor in Executive Council has approved of the con- stitution of the Torrumberry North Irrigation and Water Supply Trust. The land over which the trust is granted control is situtated within the country of Gunbower. The scheme of the proposed works includes provision for the erection of a pumping plant on the bank of the Murray River to raise water therefrom, with channels to convey and distribute the water so raised to the lands to be imitated. The whole of the works ore to be trust works. The source from which the supply of water is to be taken is the River Murray, and the maxi- mum quantity of water the trust is to raise from the Murray is to be 1,800 cubic feet per minute, subject to the condition that the whole of it shall be bona-fide for domestic and stock supply, and for the irri- gation of lands within the trust district. Such right to be for three years only, and is to be subject to review at the end of that period , to be then modified, amended, or re- duced in such manner and to such extent as the facts of the case and the public interests may then seem to require. The total amount proposed to be expended on trust works is £12,300, but no portion of such money is to be advanced by the Board ot Land and Works by way of loan to the trust. The amount of money which may be borrowed by the trust shall not at any time exceed that sum. Complaints having been made that masters of vessels do not comply with the regulations requiring the exhibition of lights when under way, the Marine Board of Victoria, by notice in the Government Gazette, directs the atten- tion of masters to the 27th section of The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act 1862, which requires that — "All owners and masters of ships shall be bound to take notice of all such regulations as aforesaid, and shall, so long as the same continue in force, be bound to obey them, and to carry and exhibit no other lights, and to use no other fog signals than such are are re- quired by the said regulations; and in case of wilful default, the master or owner of the ship, if it appear that he was in such fault, shall, for each occasion upon which such regulations are infringed, be deemed to be guilty of a misdemeanour " Masters of ves- sels are cautioned accordingly, and notified that, in the event of any case being reported to the board, a prosecution will ensue, in accordance with the provisions of the act cited. The Railway Commissioners were inter- view yesterday by delegates of the Victorian Railway Employés Mutual Service Association, on the subject of a number of questions which had been discussed at the recent conference. The principal question raised had reference to the granting of an increase of 6d. per day to those workmen who were in receipt of wages of less than 7s per day. It was pointed out by the commissioners that there was considerable difficulty in the way of the proposal. The principle established last year of giving 6d. extra per day to those workmen who had been in the service for 10 years would be ad- bered to. The carrying out of the pre- sent proposal would mean an increased expenditure of about 150,000 a year, and this was an expenditure which, it was felt, could not be met. If the request were acceded to, the standard rate of wages would be raised, and when the fact became known, railway labourers from various quarters would flood the colony, and come into competition with those out- side the service. In reply to further re- quests the commissioners intimated that the questions of a distinguishing mark being worn by those in charge of stations in the absence of stationmasters. and the providing of uniforms, were under consideration. With reference to the desirability of allowing travelling expenses to all employés called upon to travel from their homes on special duty, the com- missioners are desirous of making the system uniform, and it is probable that instead of allowances being given, it may be decided to add something to wages. The commissioners favourably view the request that the four common holidays should be left optional, and should be included if necessary, in the annual leave. There is even probability that the annual commencement at the University, which is to take place on the 30th inst., will be attended by less interruption on the part of the undergraduates than has been the case in previous years. A meeting of the students was held yesterday afternoon in the Wilson- hall, to consider the offer made by the presi- dent of the professorial board that the undergraduates should be assigned a more prominent part in the arrangements for the ceremony than had hitherto been done, and that representatives should be appointed by them to confer with the chancellor and the president of the board on the subject. Nearly 100 students were present including a number of ladies, and Mr. Thomas Cherry was voted to the chair. It was unanimously resolved, on the motion of Mr. J. E. Mackey, that the offer of the president should be accepted, and it was further decided that the committees of the Princess Ida Club, the University Union, the Medical Students Society, the University Christian Union, and the University Science Club should be asked to select two delegates each to represent the students in the matter, the whole of those present binding themselves to carry out honourably whatever arrangement might be entered into on their behalf. At the monthly meeting of the committee of the Women's Hospital, which was held yesterday, a report was submitted by the honorary medical staff relative to the de- ticiency of accommodation existing in the infirmary department. The report pointed out that there were at present 165 cases seek- ing admission to the department, while the number of beds available was only 23. A discussion took place as to the best means of overcoming the difficulty, and it was finally decided, on the motion of Mr. W. Templeton, that a sub committee should be appointed to consider the question and to confer with the authorities of the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals with a view to those in- stitutions providing extra accommodation for diseases peculiar to women and thus reliev- ing the strain upon the infirmary department, while at the same time giving additional facilities for medical education. As there appears to have been some mis- understanding in reference to the new class of subscription for the proposed Victorian Orchestra, we are requested to give the reso- lution in full as passed at the last committee meeting, namely :— "That a new class, to be designated 'D,' be made, whereby sub- scribers of £5 5s. per annum will receive a packet of 50 tickets each year, available in any number for any concert during the year." The committee particularly request that ladies who are willing to join the ladies' com- mittee will send in their names at once, in order that they may be included in the list now printing. An application was made to Mr. Justice A'Beckett, in the Supreme Court yesterday, by Mr. Mitchell, to set aside an order made in an action of the London Chartered Bank against the Royal Standard Investment Company granting leave to the defendants to appear and defend the action. The plaintiffs sought to recover a sum of £408 15s. 10d., with interest on a promissory £408 15s 10d., with interest, on a promissory note endorsed by Messrs. Runting and Wright to the bank. The defendants denied that the bank had any lien on the note, and asserted that it was only given to them for collection. On the strength of that statement leave had been given to defend, but Mr Mitchell, who appeared for the bank yesterday, stated that the bank had a lien on the note for advances made. His Honour granted the application to set aside the leave to defend Mr. Ander- son appeared for the defendants. In the Supreme Court yesterday an applica- tion was made on behalf of the Prahran Municipal Corporation to review an order made by the local justices reducing the rutable valuation on the property of Mr. James Williamson in the municipality. The valuation of the property for the year 1887 was £650 per annum, but the valuer had in- creased the value for the following year to £1,500. Williamson appealed against the assessment, and the local justices reduced the amount to £845. It was contended by Mr. Neighbour, on behalf of the corporation, that there was no evidence to support the re- duced valuation. The Court reserved its de- cision. Mr. Hood and Mr. Williamson ap- peared for Mr. J. Williamson. Some months ago an action was tried in the Supreme Court before Mr. Justice Webb in which Mrs. Mary Anne Hitchins, the widow and administratrix of the estate of Mr. J. V. M. Hitchins, solicitor, sued the Port Melbourne municipality for damages for loss sustained in consequence of the death of her husband having been caused by the negligence of the defendants. This neglig- gence consisted in the defendants allowing a large excavation to remain unprotected in one of the streets of the municipality. Mr. Hitchins fell into the hole, broke his leg, and died a few days afterwards. When the case was heard before Mr. Justice Webb a question was reserved for the Full Court as to whether the defendants were answerable. This question was argued before the Full Court, when it was held that on the pleadings as they then stood the defendants were not liable, but Mr. Justice Williams and Mr. Justice Holrold suggested that the pleadings might be amended so as to show good cause of action the plaintiff subse- quently obtained from the Chief Justice leave to amend and then set the case down for trial before a judge, without a jury. The defend- ants then took out a summons to strike the case out of the list on the ground that it was irregularly entered for trial. This summons was heard before the Full Court yesterday, when Mr. Goldsmith appeared for the plain- tiff, and Mr Hood for the defendants. The Court made an order directing the plaintiff to pay the costs of the arguments on the points reserved, of the amendment of the pleadings, of the summons, and of the reference to the Full Court, a new trial to be heard before the judge, without a jury, of all the issues raised by the original and the amended pleadings, all costs not therein provided for to abide the result of the second trial. The justices at Northcote recently made an order directing one Mrs. Jane Elizabeth Jewell, a married woman, to pay a sum of £30 18s 6d to one Andrew McIntosh, for goods supplied by him to her yesterday an application was made to the Supreme Court for a rule to review this order on the ground that the goods had not been supplied to Mrs. Jewell, but to her husband, and that there was no evidence that she had separate property. It was also alleged that the com- plainant had not furnished to the defendant a detailed statement of his claim. The Court overruled the objections, and declined to disturb the order made by the justices. Mr. Hood appeared for the complainant, Mr. McHugh for the defendant. The trial of John Anglin on a charge of having murdered his wife at Camberwell on the 24th December last, was postponed yesterday till the next sittings of the Crimi- nal Court. The adjournment was granted at the request of Mr. Walsh, the Crown prose- cutor, who stated that Mr. Rhodes, one of the witnesses for the Crown, was too ill to appear at the present sittings of the Criminal Court. A man named Alexander Ernest Clark was tried in the Supreme Court yesterday, before Mr. Justice Williams, on a charge of bigamy. Mr A T Lewis prosecuted tor the Crown The prisoner was undefended. The evidence was to the effect that the prisoner was on the 16th September, 1878, married to one Jessie Louisa Wilmot, by the Rev. J. G. Stobbs. She had not been of good character when he married her. After living with her about a fortnight they separated, and the prisoner went to India. He returned some eight years afterwards, and found his wife was living with another man. On the 9th July, 1887, the prisoner was married by the Rev. J. F. Stretch, to a woman named Emma Giles, who died in September, 1888 . The prose- cution against him was initimated by a sister of Emma Giles. The prisoner's defence was that as his wife had left him for more than eight years, and was living with another man, he thought he was legally entitled to get married again. The jury found the prisoner guilty, but recommended him to mercy on the ground that he honestly believed that he was entitled to marry again. His Honour said that under the circum- stances of the case he would not pass a severe sentence on the prisoner. The law did not permit him to liberate the prisoner on probation, but he would discharge him on his own recognisances to appear for judg- ment when called upon. The prisoner was then released on his entering into a recog- nisance of £25 to appear for judgment when called upon. In the County Court yesterday, before his Honour Judge Quinlan, Robert Moore, of Preston, butcher, was sued for £49 damages for assaulting a boy six years of age, named Henry Dowler, on the 12th December last The case for the plaintiff, who sued through his father was that the defendant beat him with a heavy whip over the shoulders and leg, and caused a serious wound on the leg. The defence was that the plaintiff and some other boys on the day named were pelting some geese belong- ing to the defendant with stones, and nearly killed one of them, and that when defendant went to the boy's mother to complain of the matter she spat in his face and shut the door on him. He saw the boy afterwards, and struck him on the shoulders with a whip, but not on the leg. His Honour, in giving his decision, said it was to be regretted that Mrs. Dowler did not display better temper when the de fendant went to her, but her conduct was no justification for the defendant using a heavy whip to the boy there would be a verdict for the plaintiff for £25 damages. Messrs. Ellingworth and Hanstein, of Mel- bourne, Richmond and Box hill, stationers filed their schedule in the Insolvency Court yesterday. The causes of insolvency are stated to be inability to collect moneys owing to them, and pressure of credi- tors. The liabilities are set down at £15,547, and the assets at £17,594 15s ., leaving a surplus of £2,047 15s. 10d. The debts due on mortgage amount to £4,672 10s. 6d , those to unsecured creditors to £8, 175 15s 1d., and those to secured creditors to £2,699 17s. 1d. The value of the real property of the insol- vents is stated to be £7, 380; of personal property not held as security, £6,657 14s. 9d., and the amount of good debts £3,557 1s. 1d. The principal secured creditors are— The Australian Natives' Building Society, £4,672 10s. 6d , money advanced on land and buildings in Swan street, Richmond ; Cook and Co., brokers, £2,100 12s. 6d, for ma- chinery; Wimble and Co., brokers £400 10., for machinery; Hermit and Co., brokers, £112 10s , for machinery; and Holstein and Weinberg, £80 4s 7d., for goods. The un- secured creditors are: — W. Ellingworth, Box hill, £5, 000, money lent; W. A Fergu- son, printer, £2, 714, money lent to Hanstein; English, Scottish, and Australian Char- tered Bank, Richmond, £710, overdraft, Centennial Bank, Melbourne, £241 5s 1d, overdraft, J. R. Ellingworth, Box- hill, £210, money lent. The insolvents estimate that they lost £4,000 in business from May, 1888, to March, 1889. They value their shop and buildings at Swam- street, Richmond, which are mortgaged for £4,762, at £7,380; their business plant at £2,134 and their stock in hand at £3,970. Mr Jacomb is assignee of the estate. The annual regatta of the Victorian Rowing Association will be held on the Albert park lake this afternoon when besides representa- tites of the metropolitan clubs, crews from Sandhurst, Geelong, and Warrnambool will compete. The programme comprises senior, junior, and maiden races and the events will follow each other in rapid succession. The different crews and scullers have been in training for several weeks, and some exciting contests are anticipated. For the Maiden Eight race nine crews have entered, and Mr. J. Buchan has given the association a cup valued at £25 to be presented to the winners, but it must be won by a club three times not necessarily in succession, before becom- ing its absolute property. The races will start at the St Kilda end of the lake, and will finish at the northern end, opposite the boathouses, where a reserve baa been enclosed. The match for the Metropolitan Challenge Cup between the Melbourne and South Mel- bourne clubs, will be continued this after- noon on the ground of the latter club. So far South Melbourne have scored in their first innings 488, and Melbourne have lost two wickets for a score of 175 . With fine weather and a good wicket to-day, there is no reason why the Melbourne team should not score heavily, Walters, who played exceptionally fine cricket last Saturday, being still at the wickets with 109 runs to his name. Play will be continued at half past 2 o'clock. The annual St. Patrick's Day demonstra- lion and sports of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society will be held in the Friendly Societies' Gardens to-day. The pro- gramme of sports includes the St. Patrick's Day Handicap, with 50 acceptors , a three mile Bicycle Race, 30 acceptors, including J. W. H. Busst, and J. E. Fenlon , a Mile Race, 40 acceptors, and a variety of national games and sports. Among the remoter consequences of the exposure of the great Electric Sugar frauds in New York (observes the London Daily News) is the complete breakdown of a magnificent scheme for the colonisation of Palestine by the Jews. Mr. R. Roberts, the originator of this scheme, as expounded by him in the columns of the The Christadelphian, of which journal he is the editor, has been an enthu- siastic investor in Electric Sugar shares. Some of these shares, indeed, he confesses to have parted with for a consideration on the eve of the collapse, but, as he explains, they were sold by him on behalf of the company, "to whose account the money went." Mr.. Roberts assures us that no telegraphic news has ever affected him more than that fatal cable message under which these documents withered in the grasp of their credulous holders, for he had relied on elec- tric sugar for "every form of prosperity for the work of God upon earth. " "The Jewish colonisation of the Holy Land (he adds) was to be helped as no Gentile, and no Jew after the flesh either, feels moved to help it. The truth was to be published, both by lecture and literature, as it has never been in this generation. The poor were to be helped as never in our age has been possible. Every grievous load among the brethren under which private hearts are bleeding was to be undone. An institution for the annual re- cuperation of ailing Jews by a three weeks' free stay, to which railway fare would be paid to and fro, was to be provided, and other forms of service, not as yet so distinctly defined, were to be entered upon." Such is Mr. Roberts's account of what might have been if electric sugar had been a fact and not a fiction. The playgoers of Melbourne have been liberally catered for on Saturday afternoon next, on the occasion of the benefit to Mr. John Hennings, whose loss of sight has elicited feelings of sympathy from many besides actors and others connected with the dramatic stage. The offers of assistance from the musical, operatic, and dramatic world have been so numerous, that it was found im- possible to accept the whole of the suggestions, and it has been only with much trouble that the leading managers, have been able to produce a tolerably short programme for each of the two theatres at which performances are to be given. At the Theatre Royal the programme will include the " Royal Pardon," an act of " The Union Jack," performances by the Melbourne Liedertafel, and by the Hicks Sawyer's Minstrels, a selection from " Richard 111" a number of ballads, sketches by Mr. F Lincoln, and the " trial scene from Pickwick," in which some promi- tient men in the city will appear, after which a testimonial, signed by over 300 ladies and gentlemen, will be presented to Mr. J. Hennings . At the Princess's theatre, an equally interesting bill has been provided, including an act of "Erminie " and one of "The Private Secretary," per- formances by the Metropolitan Liedertafel and the Roscians, and an act of "Held by the Enemy," and at the conclusion Mr. Hennings will be presented with a purse of sovereigns. At both theatres each lady visitor will be presented with a lithographed portrait of the benéficaire. Mr. George C. Miln, a Shakesperian actor, will make his first appearance in " Richard the Third," at the Opera-house, this evening. Among the artists who have been engaged to support Mr. Miln are Miss Isabel Morris, Miss Eloise Juno, Miss Kate Douglas, Miss Belle Russell, Miss Daisy Chester, Mr. H. N. Douglas, Mr. J. F. Cathcart, M. A. Green- away, Mr. Henry Hodson, and others. The Theatre Royal was closed last evening in order that preparations might be made for the inauguration of a dramatic season under the direction of Mr. Bland Holt. The drama to be produced is "The Union Jack," the first performance of which is announced for this evening . The work is by Messrs. Pettitt and Grundy, and it is a naval and military drama of the spectacular type. The cast of characters will include Miss Kate Bishop, Miss Emma Chambers, Miss Flora Anstead, Mr. Wilmot Evre (who will make his first appearance in the colony), Mr. Walter Howe, Mr. Chas. Holloway, Mr. Albert Norman, and others. The final performance of the opera " Pepita" was given at the Princess's Theatre last even- ing, and attracted a large audience. To- night "Ermine" and "Charity Begins at Home" — the latter being one of Mr. Alfred Cellier's works — will be re produced. "Mamma," preceded by "My Milliner's Bill," was witnessed by a large and apprecia- tive audience at the Bijjou Theatre last even- ing. The same bill is announced for to-night Mr. Frank Lincoln still continues to attract large audiences to the Athenæum- hall, and his versatile efforts meet with cordial ap- proval. He is announced to give an enter- tainment this evening. At the commence- ment of his entertainment at the Athenæum- hall, Mr. Lincoln could not be perfectly heard. The committee have made some temporary alterations, with which Mr. Lincoln has expressed himself well pleased, and he de- clares that he is now perfectly at home in the hall. "Every Man for Himself " has been pro- duced with great success at the Alexandra Theatre during the week. The drama, which is from the pen of Miss May Holt who sus- tains the leading character, will be repeated this evening. The troupe troupe made their last appear- ance at the Opera house last evening before an audience which completely filled the theatre. Hicks's coloured minstrels will appear in anew programme at St. George's hall to- night. At the Victoria hall last evening a compli- mentary benefit was tendered to Mr. M. E. Gilbert by the American Novelty Enter- tainers. There was a good house. There will be the customary change of programme at this place of entertainment to night. Mr. David Lee, the city organist, being unable, through illness, to preside at the organ in the Town-hall this evening, Mr. J. R. Edeson, organist of Scots' Church, has kindly consented to take his place. The pro- gramme will be found in our advertising columns. A representation of the Siege of Sebastopol, with the accompanying fireworks display, will be given this evening, at the Friendly Societies' Gardens. Mr. Gillies is to address the electors at Burwood on Wednesday evening next, and not on Monday as previously advertised. The Bishop of Melbourne is announced to preach at St Mary's, North Melbourne, to- morrow evening. A memorial service for the late Sir W. F. Stawell is to be held at Holy Trinity Church, Kew, at half past 3 o'clock this afternoon, when a sermon will be preached by the Bishop of Melbourne. The name of Burton and Knox, carriage- builders, Hawthorn, was omitted from the list of prize takers at the Victoria Agricul- tural Society's show. The firm received a special prize for the best collection of vehicles. In the list of supplementary awards at the Centennial Internattonial Exhibition for firearms, &c.;, published on Tuesday last, the name of Colonel Sargood appeared as the exhibitor of solid drawn cartridges, instead of the trustees of the Public Library, Mel- bourne, to whom a second order of merit was given. Pontifical high mass will be celebrated at St. Patrick's Cathedral to morrow, at 11 o'clock when Artchbishop Carr will deliver a panegyric on St Patrick. A collection will be made in aid of the building fund of the cathedral. The first of a series of special Saturday afternoon excursions, which is being or- ganised by Messrs. T. Cook and Sons, is to take place this afternoon, when a special tram will run to Frankston. "The Possibility of Salvation Outside the Church" was the title of a paper read last evening by the Rev. J. L. Hegarty at the meeting of the Society of the Blessed Virgin Mary, at St. Patrick's College. Dr. O'Sullivan was voted to the chair. In the course of his remarks the Rev. Father Hegarty said that theologians, contrary to the erroneous opinions frequently held by non- Catholics, maintained that salvation outside the church was possible, although in most instances the difficulties were so great as to be almost insurmountable, while on the other hand those who voluntarily died out- side the church could have no hope of salva- tion. After the paper was read a discussion followed, in which, amongst others, Messrs. G. W. Power, M. A., E. J. Sydes, B. A., B. Hoare, Grondons, and D.Kenny took part. A cordial note of thanks to the lecturer was accorded. The monthly meeting of the committee of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum was held on Friday afternoon at the Assembly-hall, Col- lins-street, the Rev. S. C. Kent in the chair. The report of the secretary was as follows :— Admitted during last month, 16; re- moved, 13 ; at present under care of the com- mittee, 413 children (in the cottage homes at Brighton, 106; boarded out, 307), and 47 apprentices serving under indentures from the Asylum. Expenditure for the month, £499 19s. 4.; receipts, £22239 8s 9d. A social meeting of Chalmers Church con- gregation was held on Thursday evening to welcome back the pastor, Rev. J. V. McNair, after his six months' holiday, and also to say good-bye to the Rev. T. W. Dunn, who occu- pied his place during his absence. Addresses were given by the Rev. A. Marshall, of Scots' Church, and by the Rev. D. Macdonald, ot the New Hebrides. During the evening Mr. W. R Jaffray, on behalf of the ladies, presented the Rev. T. W. Dunn with a purse containing 25 sovereigns, and Dr. McGibbon with an elegant piece of plate, suitably en- graved, from the members of the Literary Association. The committee of the Prahran, South Yarra, and Toorak Ladies' Benevolent Society report having relieved 97 cases weekly during the fortnight ending March 14\. The cases numbered 120 adults and 106 children. The adults comprised 54 widows, 16 deserted wives, 16 married couples. 18 aged and single individuals. The expenditure for the fortnight was £32 13s. 6d. Assistance in money or clothing will be gladly received by the hon. treasurer, Devonport- house, Millswyn- street, South Yarra, or by the hon. secretary, 22 Jackson- street, Toorak. The number of cases relieved by the com- mittee of the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society for the fortnight ending March 12 was as follows: — Families, 459 (numbering 1,072 individuals comprising widows, 285; sick and infirm, 102; deserted wives, 26; wives whose husbands are in prison, 5 ; wives whose husbands are absent, 4; wives whose hus- bands are partially employed, 9; do. unem- ployed, 8; aged couples, 21 ; outlay during the fortnight in relief of cases, £132 11s. 6d. Contributions thankfully received and in- formation given by the hon. treasurer, Mrs. Dunn, 36 Avenue, Windsor; by the secretary, 201 George street, East Mel- bourne ; or by the collector, Mr. E. Ridgley, 4 Darling street. South Yarra. Messrs. Beau- champ kindly receive parcels of clothing, &c.;, at their office, 321 Collins street, for the society. 