THE MYSTERY IN BERKELEY SQUARE. Oassell's Saturday Journal. ie this day ib remaina a mystery, and it will probably ever remain bo. Thero is no question of delusion ; no ono could or can deny it. Tho facts are facts, plain and unvaruishcd ; and as they wore told to tho writer by a friond—if "ho were not a relativo of tho parties—they Bhall bo re peated. As thero is no use in alarming people, wo shall not montiou tho number of the house. It is, however, on tho west side of Berkeley Square, London, W.; and wo repeat that tho tale is abso lutely true. The house, which wo visited, was at that time apparently untenanted. It was certainly in a bad Btate of repair, and as certainly not to bo let. No tenant was desirous to inhabit it; for, though a care taker and his wife lived in the basement, they could not enter the haunted room ; and the mansion had remained ompty and desolate in tho whirl of Mayfair. These were the conditions when a family from the country camo, aud, despito tho exterior appearanco of tho house, woro certainly pleased with its interior ar rangements. Tho liouso suited all parties, and it was painted and renovated suffi ciently to satisfy tho tonants for tho season. Tho tradespeople wero all on the tiptoe of expectation, for no ono had over lived in the house for four consecu tive weeks. Bent had been surrendered, and a hurried departure had again caused the advent of tho caretakers. "It was their doing," was the whispored comment. " These people say the houso is haunted, and so they have houso room." But they never dissuaded a tenant. Many tenants camo and went ; sounds wero heard, aud something uncanny was in possession, for no ono remained. The family who camo into temporary possession of the mansion had no idea of its history, and it is at this period—in the year 1871—that tho writer's acquaintance with tho houso began. Tho now tenants took possession, and woro handed over all tho keys. Thero were occupants for all tho bedrooms, and ono upper npart mcnt was allotted to llic housemaid. It was a nicely furnished room at tho back of tho houso: small but, oxcept for a peculiar atmosphere, very comfortable. " No one bad hitherto slept in that room," they said, " and it was ratlier damp." So a fire was lightod,and' the bed made ready for lis now occupant. The girl camo 111 in good time, and went up stairs to bod. Everything was in readiness for her, and tho ladies' maid, who had indicated tho apartment, had left her. Ero alio had got into bed, a piercing shriek arousod tho household ; then a heavy fait in tho housomaid'3 room caused them to hasten upstairs. What could bo the matter ? Mistress and servants rushed up together ; master followed. The room was broken open, and a tcrriblo sight 1110 tho gaze of tho intruders. The poor girl, partly dressed, was lying insensible 011 tho iloor in a dead faint. She was laid on tho bed,and remedies wero applied a3 soon as possible. The convulsive movements of lior limbs wero succeeded by violent ravings, and it required two men to hold her, so terriblo were]hor struggles. Her appearance was that of a maniac, and when, with tho assistance of a doctor, she had been calmed, it was perceived, with unutterable terror, that tho poor girl was "raving mad." She was quita exhausted for awhile, but tho paroxysms again began. She was removed ns soon as possible, and after awhile a lucid inter val intervened. To questions addressed to her, she only rcpliod, with a terrified mien and nameless horror in her faco, " Yes, I saw it ! I saw it !" and re lapsed into imbecility. Now what she bad soon was a mystery. She never gave any acount of tho horribly strange sight that met her gaze. The story got wind and was Iaughod at: was credited wholly or partly according to tho constitutions of tho hearers. Tho tenants avoided tho room, which was again locked up, and 110 more was heard of " tho ghost" for awhile. It happened one evening that tho tenants gave a party. Thoro was a small dance., and amongst tho guests were some guardsmen and other officers. Thoro was somo curiosity expressed. as to tho haunted room, and many of tho guosts particularly tho military ones—laughed at tho idea of any danger or ghost. Finally, tho subject absorbed general attention ; dancing was discardod for discussion ; tho believers outnumbered tho sceptics. "I'll bet you live pounds," said a young officer, "that I will go and remain an hour in tho haunted room and conic down un harmed." " Done!" exclaimed his opponents. "Don't!" exclaimed tho more timorous of his friends. Tho lady of tho houso and her husband both endeavored to dissuado him. But ho was lirm. Do laughed ghosts to scorn, and jestingly bade "farewell" to his companions. Ho carried a candle, and as ho prepared to ascend to tho room, which had been lighted with gas, somo prcscntimont scorns to havo aQectod him, but ho laughed away all remonstrance. " You won't frighten me, so you need not try," ho said. "But I'll secure my retreat. Remember, if I riug once, you will bo ready to como up stairs, bccauso you will then understand that I havo scon something, and may re quire assistance." They promised, and lie continued, " But if I ring twice, you will at onco know that I am in peril, and then como up as fast as ever you can. I shall not ring without reason." Tlioy wished tho young follow good luck, and standing in and near tho drawing-room door watched him ascend tho staircase. Ho laughed them a cheery " good-bye," en tered tho room which was fully lighted, and shut tho door loudly. Tho noiso echoed through the houso now silent, for cveryono, oven tho servants, wero on the qui vice, and the ringing of tho boll was anxiously expected. The men stood on tho landing, tho ladie3 generally remained in tho rooms, con versing only in whispers, and feeling, as one expressed it, as if something was going to happen. Ho had been gono fifteen minutes, and no sound had .alarmed tho guests. Bets began to bo talked of and wagers tendered that bo would not ring, and that there was no "ghost" nor mystery at all. Sudclonly :v faint "ting, ting" was hoard from the basement. There was no mistake—ho had rung the bell I On tho startling notico tho ladies ran ont, and some of tho men began to ascend tho stairs. A few were for rushing lip at once, but the courago of their friond and their agreement held them back; still they were ready for a dash up tho flight at the first tinglo of tlio second bell. Some torriblo minutes passod; tho ticking of the clock was distinctly nudiblo. Then a loud, violent crash of tho boll sound of fearful signilicanco to all who heard it. Two soconds sufficed for tho men to reach tho room and burst open the door. This is what they saw—The young officer, stretched in his evening dress on tho bed, rigid, dead! His jaw had dropped ; his eyes wero staring open vacantly in mortal terror ; a dumb, stony foar and awful horror stamped 'on his features ! _ His left hand clutched tho bell rope which had summoned up 1ub friends. But no presence was visiblo. No form appeared to alarm tho others. There lie lay, stark, staring mad in death) What ho had seen—whether demon or spirit—must for over remain a mystery as great as ever puzzled tlio London world. Ho died, scared to death by tho awful apparition which ho liad in some manner defied or offended. . Sometime after, we believe in 1870, the condition of the bouse and the pyatery again claimed attention. Questions were publicly addressed to those interested, but 110 reply was given, nor was any explanation over afforded of this perfectly true mystery of Berkeley Square. 