WITH THE TIDE. A TALB OF THB TOBF. BY «YB1MLX- 8pxciai.lt W bitten fob tub ' Bepebeb' ?—All Bights Bisbbvbd. j CHAPTEBXXI. . Bmjek in, thb Spider's Web. omuk waa a detexmined man. He bad pjomisedi Lady May field lie would track tbe Spider 'to^ bia lair, and he meant to keep that promise. He lMpinated over the project, and at last bit upon 'a plan. The only objection 8miik haa to tbe plan waa that it was not his _ own,! and therefore waa capable of failing. He never could believe that one of _ his own well worked ont schemes oould fail, but he 'had a eupreme contempt for tne plane of otner people, uaraton, how ever, bit' upon1 the present idea. Smirk was to assume one 'of hia numerous dia guiBes, and act the insipid, weak-minded, moneyed; yonng'^nan just arrived from England.' .Wells was to introduce Fletcher to Smirk, and give the Spider ready hints as to the utter brainlessness of the young man from the other sido of the globe, and also let him know plainly enough that he bad plenty of spare cash. Wells was to account for knowing Mr. 'Talbot' by stating that he was a friend of Marston'a whom he met at Eingdon'a, and that wonld be quite enough to edge the 'Spider' on to 'rook ' him. Any friend of Marston'a that be could get into hia clutcheB would be sure to receive small meroy at the rapacious Fletcher's hands. That 'master of arte ' — black arts— would stick to the unfortunate Talbot like a leech, snd suck him quite aa dry. And so it csme about that one day Smirk, alias Talbot, accompanied Wells to Tattersalls. Ko one wonld have reoognised detective Smirk in the flaxen-haired, insipid, almost idiotic young man, evidently on friendly terms with the crack jookey. The man's wb ole appearan ce waa change^. Even bia ejee looked blank, although a keen twinkle mifrht be noticed by a careful observer. His clothes were of the latest . cnt, and quite dandified. Ho had a flower in hia butten-hole, an unlimited supply ot coil and collar, a pair of yellow kida on bis delicate bands, and a light swish cane he twirled abont with a nervous air. To see Wells with a, young noodle like tkia wtfs to at once jumj^ to the conchuion that tbe jockey bad got a zeal f good thing on.' Fletcher fell inte the trap almost immediately. As soon ae Wells had got rid of Talbot, Fletoher came , across and asked him what be had got there, jerking his head in the direction of the bar where the youthful insipid indi vidual waa gently imbibing some con coction just prepared for him.' ' Looks 'as if he'd kcome out ol a band box,' eaid Fletcher. , . - ,' So be has, and a neat sort of band-box it is,' caid Wells. ' The fellow - rolls iu money and it is about a pound ; to a Derby .tnnnnfc ihfit tiA A/mid mitia mif /if 'flffw band-boxes if he wanted. He'a just out from England, and I picked him up at Kingdon's the other nignt. Believe he is a great friend of MaiBton'a.' ',Oh,heis, is heP' said Fleteher. 'I Bhould like to have the hononr of his acquaintance it that ia the case. I'm tartioulaily partial to trienda of Mr. Marston. Introduoe him to me and 111 ask him to join ua at a little card party to night. Just a few choice friends yor. know. Ton come Wells. There'll be come good sport with this 'joker.' ' WeSs saw. Fletcher had readily taken the bait, and be made no hesitation in introducing' the Btrasger. He went over to Smirk, who was still standing at the bar, and gave him a hint that all was light. Thty webt acroBB the room, and Wells introduced him to Fletoher. 'Happy to meet you, air,' he said. ' I am always glad to know Mr Mare ton's friends. - Can you spare time this evening to come oyer and have a little supper with me f I shall have a f ew friend b there, and if yon like we oan have a friendly game at CUdQ Afterwards.' 'i Jnet' What I should like,' drawled Talbet. 'No ladies there, I hope. They always Bpoil sport.' Fietcbtr winoed. If there waa ono part Cf hia life he was sore about it oonsistea in the flight of Daisy. 'No,' be growled, 'I've done with women. Once bitten twioe shy. You need not be afraid of meeting any petti coats at my bouse.' 'Glad to bear it,' said Talbot. ' Pre sume yon bave had a disappointment, Mr Fletcher. Was she pretty ? Danced bad t&ste; to jilt you, I'm sure. She couldn't have known the friendliness ef your diapo-' eition. Here am I, a perfect stranger, at onco invited to your house-merely beoanse I havo the good fortune to be a friend of lUrMarston's.' ' Let's drep tho aubjeot,' aaid Fletoher. ' It'B a matter 1 do not care to talk about. Be sure and come to-night, Mr Talbot. We dine at 7. Shall bc- most happy to see jou. Wells will bring you to the right place.' 'Thanks. I will be there,' waa the reply. Tho thread of a story is occasionally broken by some slight explanation, a brief, and what may appear egotistioal remark on the part of the author. I may say here, and it will oome in here just as veil as elsewhere, that many of my characters are men I have known. It may appear to the uninitiated, and perhaps some who are not, striotly speakinsf, ''in the sporting world,' may enjoy reading these lineB, that my oharaoters, are mixed in a moBt extraordinary manner. That rank and poverty go hand in 1 hand, and that noble men, honest men like Jaok Marston, and divers other persons, asso ciate and convene upon intimate terms with jookeys, trainers, bookmakers, 'legs,' andBUoh like personages. They do. I aoknowledge suoh to be the case. But it is true to life. Nothing „ levels all ranks more than raoing. I have seen the haughtiest of 'Bwella' oringing almost to a oraok jookey, and feel safer when they had hia willing ear. I have known' bookmakers who bavo seated at their dinner tables some of the flower ot the. English ati»- tooraoy, and at the same. time trainers and jockeyB have had their legs nnder the mahogany. If snob things be true, and I assert tbey axe front personaliobservation, then I must take the material as I find it, and work it aB skilfully as I oan in my humble way, in order to please, and, I truBt, interest my readers. Some puerista may deny that any in' struotion of a'usefnl nature oan be gleaned from the turf, or a tale of the turf. Wait patiently until I have finished, and I think so one will gainsay that there is plenty to learn, and that it can be learnt with safety. There are good and bad people in all walks of life, and Heaven knows there are onough of the latter on the turf, but I have, I am proud to say, met tome noble, great-hearted men who make raoing a paBtime. Their code of honor ib strict, and their morality would never be doubted. Jaok Marstion lives at the present day, and who will deny that be bears the hall mark of gontlomauP Pftidca tbe Blight digreeeion. Aa I ex plained before it ia merely to explain to the uninitiated what they may consider curious, namely, the close association of characters eo diverse. Punctually to time the fictitious Talbot snd the jockey Wells arrived at Fletcher's house. :'The Spider 'was on his beet behaviour. He could , do the thing well when he felt inclined, irnd to-nignt he wished to make & favorable! impression. The dinner waa calculated to please the most fastidious appetite. The wines were undeniable, ana the eompany looked seleot. They were a small party, aix in |* all, but qnite enough for a merry evening. Conversation flowed briskly, and it be came much more free as Che champagne I was uncorked. ' Mr. Talbot, you do not appear to drink much wine,' said Fletoher. ' I can assure you it is tbe very beat brand, and the vintage is undeniable.' 'I never drink mufefa,' aaid Talbot. 'I'm afraid my head ia rather weak. Still, thiq ia really splendid wine. Thanks, I Dill have just another glass,' he said as Wells, filled bp again, Dinner finished, b quiet chat over cigars ensued; ? and raoing, of course, was the pi incipal theme. Lai' Sherwin /was one of the party aa ut ual, aqd the other two men were acquain tances of ' Fletcher's, and at a glance ic could be seen they were not the genuine article. 'Muoh of a raoing man, Mr. Talbot?' eaid Fletcher. 'No. I'm anxious though to go in for th e game; a little. My friend Maraton has a deuced good horse. I've backed it for a lot of money for the double. He says ii's a certainty, and so does 2£ingdon ; and our friend here,' pointing to Wells, ' ridea. It muBt be good enough to win or Marston would not have told me.' Fletcher laughed, and it waa not a pleasant, mirthful laugh either. Had anyone been looking cloBely' they wonld have seen Mr. Talbot eyeing Fletcher with peculiar interest behind a cloud of cigar smoke, all over the top of a double eye-glass. It must have been the laugh that startled him. 'I hope for your sake, Ms Talbot, the horse will win. I presume it is Caloola yon mean. He's a good animal, but for all that I don't fancy hint. Ton see he'a been lame, and gone back in his training, and thafa bad. I should advise you to have a bit on Captain Cook; thafa the horse for my meney,' said Fletcher. ' What abont Corieande P He onght to go pretty near the Cnp/', eaid Sherwin. 'He'a well'in; six years old, with only ; 6tt 121b,' Baid .Fletcher., 'Not a bad' horse aa a three-year-old, bnt Ije'e lost all bia pace now. It would have taken a elinker to beat Caloola had he not been stopped in hia preparation, but ita all over with bim now. I've trained the horse, and I know him. He's a nervous brute, and hell show hia temper now.' ' Wonder how thedeuce that blackguard, lamed the horse ?' eaid Talbot, suddenly. ~ 'lamojl the hone? What the denqe , do j on mean P' aaid Fbtchevand Sfcerwii) looked at; the innocent young' man with queer ejeB. ' Wby.lyon know,' said Talbot, blowing adoud in the' most ^ unconcerned manner, ' some beast of a fellow got into the horse' b' box in the night, lamed the brute and half killed the jook«y, and frightened the hone' nearly to : death. Surely yos must' have heard about it?' «* Yes, I beard eomething about it,': aaid Fletoher, -' bnt I never got full particulars. Muat have been a smart fellow to have got at tbe horse like that.' ' Miss Kingdon eaw the man in a white sheet or something m the garden.; She says she could recognise the figure, but not the face, as it looked so. ghastly white. The doctor, however, says the lid Willie, if he recovera his reason, will be Bure to identify the man,' said Talbot Fletcher turned pale, but it was hardly noticeable. . ' He did it,' thought Mr. Talbot Smirk, ' I'll bet my bottom dollar to a ham sand wich be did it.' 'It must have been Miss Kingdon'a imagination,' said Fletcher. ' A man wonld never.be suoh a fool aa to risk that when they the thing conldhave been done much easier.' ' Lpity the fellow if Jaok Marston flnda him out,' said Sherwin. 'ByJoveTdUke to see tbe meeting between 'em. Why, Jaok wouldn't leave him a whole bone in his body.; He'd flog him till his hide looked likb raw beef.' 'I believe that fellow Smirk is on the track of tho man,' said Talbot. ' He's a deuced smart fellow, too ; one of tbe best ? D.V ' in Scotland Yard.' It was evident Fletcher did» not like the gist of the conversation, as he got up and proposed a game at cards. ' They played cards, andthe party soon: discovered that it Mr. Talbot looked a flat he cetteinly was not one. He' held his own well, and.BQ. it was found necessary to retort to the usual ' schemes then in vogue at the ' Spider's Web' for men' who would ? persist in winning fairly. Talbot then commenced to lose. He kept hia weather eje open, however, and managed oc casionally to defeat their little game. ' Let's bave another smoke and a drink of something refreshing,' 'said Sherwin, who waB losing all and didn't like it. He never objected to 'being in*' at a game himself, but he knew that on the present occasion he ' stood down.' _ Fletcher made Bome alight objection, but at lt ngth reluotantly left the table. This was right into the detective's hands. He didn't want to Iobo much money, and he did not want to kick up a row. With the natural perversity of auoh in nocent youths aa Talbot- he at once commenced to talk about ' nobbling' Marston'a horse. Fletcher tried to turn the conversation, but the more he harked ofl the scent the surer he waa drawn baok again. The bottle waa passed ronnd several timeB, and the conversation bectuoe brisk. ' It's my opinion,' said Talbot ' that the fellow who 'nobbled* that horse knew all about the place, Caloola, and everything else.' ' Nonsense,' said Fletoher. ' How could they ? Surely none ot Kingdon'a men would do it.' ' I mean that perhaps some of bis old bands who had a spite against him might bave dene it,' eaid Taibot with, a Bid ' glance at Fleteher. .... 'By jove, I never thought of that, said Sherwin, ' Some of those fellows he had in the stable with you, Fletcher, were not over particular.' , . «« d— — it ! What do you mean P' said Fletoher, angrily. ' The men I had about me were quite aa good, it not better than these Thurton haa got. You might as well nay I did it myself. It'a juat a9 likely.' 'You're always losing your temper, Fletcher. It'a a deuced bad plan,' said Sherwin. 'I'm sure I did not wish to wound your feelings,' aaid Talbot.' It seems Buoh a curious ailair, however, that there mast be some personal spite at the bottom of it.' . ' Can't think how it waa done, myself,' said Wells. ; ' I saw the horse a foot, aad not a sign about it. Stow, the vet, told me in confidence* and, I believe he told Ike, that the horse's frog had been pierced with a poisoned instrument. He Bail it must have be-n a teal deadly poison btohueo it took h^oi euoh a deuee of a omj ' \ i ? to get it out, and it waa lucky he oould do it at all,' ' He bab got it but then,' said Fletcher, anxiously.' '. '* 'He ijBysjflo,' eaid Wells; 'but I fanoy the horse le,not rieht in' the foot yet. He don't gallop like ne tued to.' Thia waa ' not quite: true, bnt Wells had hia objeot insByinjgit. - ' Not him/' aaid Fletoher, ' he'll never get it out. When I waa in Now Caledonia I had a horse got hia foot poisoned and he died from it.' ' ' Yonfve been in New Caledonia then ?'' said Talbot. 'Yes, I bad some horses in training there,' said Fletcher. 'bum place, I should imagine,' said Sherwin. ' Should just say it was. I never want to go there again,' eaid Fletcller. ? 'I wonder if Marston knows the horse's foot waa poisoned ?' Baid Talbot. 'Fancy he does,' Baid Wells, 'but Storey said-he did not want to alarm him, and kept the' serious nature of the injury to himself. He thought it right, however, that Ike and myself ehould know.' 'I'm gladyou do know,' said (Fletcher. ' for j on can do Mr. Talbot a good tun by telling him Caloola cannot posrfbly win.' ' But I fancy he will win after all,' said Wells. 'Not a ghost of a chance/' said Fletcher. i'l he poison's too deadly for, that, it never faile,' he muted, as if in an absent frame of mind. 'What poison?' said Talbot, in alond voice. . Fletcher started as thongh he had been shot. The voice Bounded quite different. He feared he had heard it before, and under not very pleasant circumstances. Be looked hard at Tallbot, who waa gazing np at the ceiling in the most unconcerned manner., ' What poison !' stammered Fletoher ; 'Wby tbe poison in the horse's foot, of couee ; didn't Wells say the vet. said it was ' deadly poison.' ' ' Oh, ah ! yes. I forgot all about that. Thought it was a funny remark ot yours, that was, all,' said Talbot. ' Don't see mnoh fun in it,' said Fletcher. ' We'll drop the subject. I'm full of the d— — horse. I wish the brute was dead.' . i ' No doubt you do,*' thought Talbot 1 and Wells, j No more caida that night. Fletoher I wbb uneaBy and anxious, and evidently desirous of being alone. At last the i guests departed. . . As Wella and Smirk (I may now call him | by hiB own name) walked homeward, the detective said : . ' He did it, eafe enough. Now I must find ont how to trap him.' ? ' Who! did it ?' asked Wells. , ''Fletoher,' waB thelaconio reply. Nonsense,' eaid Wells, ' GoBpel,' said Smirk. t . *; He's]a blackgnard,' Baid Wells. ? ' Beady- made,' eaid' Smirk. 'I'llstiffen thebegger beforethe Cup's ove^Veaid Wells. ^ . : The ^nan or the horse ?'* Baid Smirk. » 'The mani'said Wells, ? 'That'|B 'preoisely what Lady Mayfield wants yen to do,' swd the wily Smirk. \- 'Did she say that?' said Wells in a low. tone. i i. ? 'She did, honor bright,' said Smirk. Wella made no answer, and Smirk knew tbe jockey waa on the right aide of the Calcolabbok; J 