CURRENT NOTES. The great Australian Labour Parliament assembled on Tuesday last at Hobart, just about the time when the Federal Council was closing. It [?]ed its business last week. It is rather remark- able — two Federal Labour Councils, representing [?] all Australia, meeting so close together [?] smallest of the Australian capital cities. And strange though it may seem to say so, the Trade and Labour Congress is on the whole quite as important a body as the Australian Federal Council. The fact is that we are living in a time when Labour is about completing the industrial revolution of the past half-century. The worId has always been divided, roughly speaking, into two great classes - those who have lived by Labour and those who have lived on Labour. The labourers themselves, down the long line of history, have been either the slaves, the serfs, or [?]the victims, in some shape, of a dominating oppres- sion from the privileged classes. The last half- century has either changed, or is changing all that. [?]It is of course inevitable that Capital must IW socially. But it seems just as likely labour will be the political dominator of the te. It is the possibility of this—even if the fbility he disputed—which renders this great Bur Congress in Hobart significant of many Friends of human progress will rejoice in prospect that the prime producer of wealth, t> Labour is, may share more largely 6 products. But who will guarantee that the tpowers which the "Masses" are gradually pig from the "classes" will be temperately Nely used ? Nobody can guarantee that. | classes" have had their innings—a very loDg j fhcir regime has been generally a cruel and tone. Hence the danger of retaliation. -But la bright tiling it would be to believe that the fower which is springing out of this industrial •toon will forget the wrongs of a dead and 1 generation, and seek only to do right in that & now jjj. ° i500Tii M.ALKR is just closing her election >'*> wa a real struggle it is-a true tug- offeetrade and Protection hang on at ei her 'We political rope, pulling with all their Brll maiU J and seemingly with a fairly lere Wer ? haula 8' e - Now the advantage th bettin e , re ; but on 'he whole, pretty S \ ouU be the «^rect quotation, a J ° f ',' ,1 [*he« <« n u rphosiB since the t i m e two years k- I'arkes r. mped through the |0ii seize tho J ke p0ppie , 8 8 P read 5 mere 1 v , hc Fr eetrade flag victoriously .ritv 1' nV, uc :\ w P ublic opinion ! Such is uras said about tbe of nW, evanesapprop,iately 8tm be as lus .; and it 1 1 • ! perhaps 'tis 'ids, An, !f s b een the will-o'-the-wisp to •' r ejU] t j if Wlli he so still. What may be 1 to s ° * le , se New South Wales struggles dsv of y J. b " t a11 things point to the fact Henry Parkes is over. fr^wl* C ?. llnernin g Sir Henry must be pecting his political position. He is lew in 'its matrlniorilal aspeot gay young fellow of seventy-three, with a wife forty years his junior, has, of course, all his hymeneal pleasures before him. And youthful sparks of that kind are generally credited with a liquorice ooth. The ex-Premier's soul is evidently dancing in anticipation of the firstborn of this S'cond overture, for he has "dashed off a slight thing,"and published it in the last Centennial Magazine, calling it his "Baby Song." It is so infantile as to suggest thoughts of second childhood. Let us give the first verse and the last as specimens of the whole':— Baby, see tbe foolish doggie, Barking at the big-eyed froggie, In the'i'osebush, green and shady, Do you see it, little lady ? * * Precious baby, bow we love her 1 May the great, good God above her Never to tbe tempter yield her; Kver bless her, ever shield her. These shone how the thoughts of the comiug bridal mus t have exhilarated Sir Henry's spirits What to him were Premierships and Parliaments and party strifes and budget debates, when his poet's soul lay lapped in its dreams of beauty and in visions of soft fingers fondly smoothing down t " those stiff hoary locks of his in which Each particular hair doth stand on end, Like quills upon the fretful porcupine. Who would spend long nights in wrangling for a Premiership when he knows that There's nothing half so sweet in life As Love's young dream. AND yet the "sweet youth," Sir Henry, in the plenitude of his wooing and cooing, has not quite forgotten how to bite. That was a fine tou^h in the old vein when he said that if the colony voted for Dibbs it would be handing itself over to " depredation, deficit and the de,vil." Dibbs may try to retort that Parkeism means pandering, poverty and poorhouses. But he can't compete with Sir Henry in slang-whanging 'and invective. The ex-Premier has always on hand, ready to be supplied on the shortest notice, an unrivalled stock of abusive and coarse epithets, which have often been the envy of the " the only M'Elhone." " Dibbs, depredation, deficit and the devil" is only a slight sample of what he could have done had not " little wifie " mingled her honey with his gall, and attuned his thoughts to love and languor, rather than to barking, biting and bitterness. SOME people, especially some in New South Wales, have been sneering again at Federation, but not the most cynical critic of the Australian Federal Council can say that that body has lacked either usefulness or dignity in its recent sittings, It made its voice heard so well in London on the Samoan question that the Times itBeif declared Australian opinion worthy of being consulted. The Council was able to speak on this subject for the whole of h ustralia, and it spoke in the nick of time. It also discussed the Pacific cable question ; halfa-dozen intercolonial questions; and finally, its own enlargement and extension. It has shown a rare wisdom in this latter subject in doing just enough without going too far, so as not to arouse jealousy. Altogether, it may bF said that Australian Federation is distinctly nearer in consequence of the recent meeting in Hobart. THE silent death-dealing horror which walks our streets invisibly, cutting down his victims by the score—the disembodied fiend Typhoid—grows hungrier than ever. The last two weeks he has stiffened 37 victims and laid 524 on their beds of sickness. t is, as Hamlet says, " horrible, most horrible," to think that all this ghastly list of gibbering ghosts, flitting through the Plutonian shades, can lay their deaths at the doors of the Central and Local Boards of Health. Typhoid is the growth of filth. Filth is the product o' neglect. The Boards of Health have had powers for years, which they have neglected, and which they still neglect. Neglect which issues in death is criminal. We shall hope to hear of a long procession of reproachful spectres marching through the Board rooms and leaving their scowls upon the men whose remissness bred the devastating deaths that carried them off. THE old lion of Victorian politics turned his face to the wall when the Hon. Peter Lalor died at Richmond on Saturday last. Peter made more history than most men in a new country. He was a man who in his time played many parts, and most of them conspicuous ones. He was what would be called in any department of life a strong man. He generally held strong views, and always felt it his duty to press those views, not languidly, as if they were of no importance, but with all the force in his power. Lalor had very little idea of the shifts and expedients that would evade diffi- culty. His primary notion always was to crush opposition. It was this overmastering spirit of domination which caused him to walk through the last 35 years of his life shorn of an arm. Every- body knows the story of the Ballarat Stockade and its tragedy. We can look back to it now and do justice to both sides. There were certainly wrongs and oppressions on tbe part of the Govern- ment; but there was just as certainly rank rebellion against the Queen's flag in that senseless stockade. A wiser administration would have smoothed the asperities of those degrading "digger hunts.'' A more patient people would have waited a little longer and gained their ends by constitutional and peaceful agitations. Lalor and his fiery mates "stood to arms," swore themselves in as rebels, and fell "martyrs" to the cause of the people. It was a bad example to set in the beginning of a self-governing colony; but of course it expedited the reforms by a few years. The "heroes of the Stockade" can be excused, but never commended, by believers in Constitutional Government. They were stung to madness by the oppression of martinets, and they acted like madmen. And to come down twenty-four years later, we find the same man who organised the rebellion of 1854 organising the violence of "Black Wednes- day" in 1878. Peter Lalor was again the strong man for the strongest of measures. He was said to be author of the "suppressed Gazette" that was to have created a revolution by breaking down all the safeguards of order. Cooler heads and calmer counsels prevailed before the final promulgation of this measure, and the milder crime of "Black Wednesday" resulted. It was the dominating over-mastering spirit of the leader of the Ballarat diggers over again. It was an impatience that found it impossible to wait for remedies through constitutional channels. These were the more violent exploits of the hon. Lalor. Bu t they are not those by which he will be thought to have achieved his best fame. He won his best laurels as Speaker. He certainly brought to the chair of the First Commoner all the imperious- ness and decision which had marked him in the two former episodes of his life. He was very much of a tyrant, grim, dangerous and sudden towards one who ventured to play antics in his presence; but he developed a rare impartiality which his enemies had never given him credit for; and which rendered his very despotism tolerable and even respectable. He was elected in an excited House as a partisan Speaker. He became a rare example of sterling justice in holding the balance of the scales. He ruled a turbulent House with a rod of iron, and so gained the admiration of both sides that, when his time came to retire—compelled to it by the inroads of disease— he was unanimously voted a gratuity of £4000 to make the evening of his days free from the pinch- ings of poverty. He has gone - gone on his last journey. The grave has closed over him. But his name and fame belong to the colony. The record of his life is fairer and brighter all through it, from the lustre of his Speakership. We are able to believe and understand, from the rigid rectitude of his rulings in the chair, that a similar purity of motive may have been allied with the actions of his more violent days. Mr. Lalor's name will live, and it will certainly live respected. FROM every platform almost candidates are proclaiming their adherence to some mode of Parliamentary reform which shall give the majority the right to rule after fair and full debate. This will really be tbe question of the .hour very shortr'y. And the reason is clear. We must prove our Parliament as the symbol of demociatic freedom. When the people have spoken their minds at an election, in electing their representatives, that verdict must be respected. If the people ha>. e done wrrng and sent in foolish men there is no remedy for it till the next election. Parliament being constituted, must be tree. There are two methods by which its ireedom can be destroyed— by a tyrannical majority silencing a minority,, or an obstructive minority " talking out" or s onewalling a majority. In the last Parlia 1 ent we saw something of both. There was a tongue-tied majority pledged like serfs to the Ministry in order to keep tlieir seats. These men actually abdicated the functions of Parliament. They were told to hold their tongues and they did so. They never debated no discussed. But voted like a block. This of course was a species of odious tyranny. It was equivalent to saying to the minority—" We don't care about the merits of the questions before us. You may talk and show reasons till you are black in the face. We have made up our mind beforehand, and are not going to swerve from what the Government enjoins." Of course, the very first effect of such an utterly disreputable course as this was to provoke reprisals. Ihe minority fell back on that device of the weak—stonewalling. They met one wrong with another wrong. And they were wrong in doing it. In this way our last Parliament failed miserably. Nearly all its legisation was patchwork — botchy, bungling and bewildered it is but fair to say that the dumb dogs behind the Ministry pleaded in excuse for their dumbness that they refrained from talk in order to work This is palpably a vicious reason, because it means that they wanted to make laws without debate, which is a subversion of Par iamentary ethics What we have to find is a remedy. and there must be a remedy found if Parliamen; is to be saved. It must be a remedy that will make the will of Parliament potent and operative, without taking from the minority the power of plainly setting forth all the dangers attending the course proposed by the majority. There are various means of doing this One is a time limit to speeches, another compelling all speakers to strictly adhere to the precise subject under review, another g ving the majority the right to say when any subject had been sufficiently debated The danger that a majority will abuse the power of the tlolure is certainly a valid argument so far as it goes ; but it is fairly met by the rejoinder that there is less danger of the majority doing this than there is of the minority abusing free speech into unlicensed talk. For the present we won't dogmatise about the methods of reform. What we insist on is the urgent necessity of some reform. We have seen how the great mother of all Parliaments in England has had to reform its procedure, or it would have died of inertness. We know that the Americans have a method of their own. And so has France. We must have too. The shocking examples of the New South Wales and Victorian Assemblies warn us against any further delay. But it must be remembered that the majority may stonewall debate by a "conspiracy of silence," just as much as the minority may stonewall progress by a conspiracy of, drivelling chatter. Let the subject be fairly tackled in the full light of hustings discussion, BUFFALO BILL plays a tune on the piano, by shooting at the notes from a hundred yards distance. But here we would mostly prefer to shoot at the player if the law would permit of it. 