Itoveltet. flie Midnight Prophecy on THE HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. - Jit/ Emmu Gsri-J-isoit rfoites. OIIAPTEL? XLIX. LAI.»Y i'EAUL HAS AN ADVEXTUltE. Lady Seville was slightly indisposed, an<i the e:irl had gone to Lancaster in | regard to bu-iness matters, lie said ; but | for no other reason, as his sister very I well knew but to visit the Lancaster Moor j Asylum, and make arrangements to j sarry out liis insane intentions ; which, j no doubt, was the sole cause of her lady- . ship's indisposition: for she locked her- . self in her chamber, and spent the j forenoon pacing up and down like an i enraged tigress, wishing sincerely that she had the power to consign her brother to the lender mercies of a mad-house, as she had done his wife. Meanwhile the countess took a fancy to drive to the ruins of an old castle somewhere amid the highlands, and ne«ar which was a noted cavern. So tiie pony-phaeton was brought out, md a basket of sandwiches, and two or three bottles of champagne pa-ked under the seat, and Lidy .Marguerite and Sir J'ayard su.nmoned to accompany her. Lady Jlargu -rite was not at all averse to going, and the baronet would have followed anywhere in the wake of the countess ; her gold attracted him as a magnet attracts steel. The day was tine in the forenoon, and their drive was quite pleasant, and they found the old ruins graud and picturesque beyond all description. The countess, who was quite a traveller in her way, was especially delighted. " What a charming old place !" she cried, as they sat in a dim old chapel, with fretted c.iling and stained windows, sipping their champagne ; *. and since I come to remember it. you used to be an artist, Sir Iiavard," she added, turning upon tiie baronet; '"how is it we see none of your work now !" The baronet blushed like a girl, and stammered in <3ire confusion. '.Pshaw'" ejaculated the countess -j ' . what are you blushing about I detest bashful men ; if you have a talent for anything 'tis nothing to be ashamed of." Sir Bayard 1 nan aged te get his voice, but it quavered dreadfully. He did well-lie used to sketch a long while ago -when he was travelling-but <£ Xo huts about it," said the dowager. ' You're not so clever that you need to drop your accomplishments-I'd like to have a sketch of these ruins-so do you purchase materials in Perth, and we'll drive over again in a few days, and you shall make a sketch for me.:= The baronet bowed in silence, hut his lace looked like the face of a condemned criminal. The countess stared in amaze ment. " Wha; <-i (he matter ?" she cried ; " one minute you're as red as a rose, and the next as white as a ghost. Are you lil Sir Bayard was not quite well; he had been troubled with dizziness for a dav or two. He would walk about a little"; ifc would soon wear off. Accordingly, he .-.r col led off iu one direction, and Lady Marguerite, watching her opportunity, iisappeared iu another: the countess, i-.-m lining in the chapel, to rest herself nd finish her chainpague. *' llow the poor girl does detest him V" she murmured ; " and I don't wonder at it much. Bayard Brompton's a queer fellow some way-he's got a sren/ that troubles him. I wonder what it is ? But no matter," she added, turning back to iier champagne, " he's one of my own race, and she shall marry him-it may be iho means of saving him from disgrace lud ruin." ° Meanwhile, Lady Marguerite made her way through the mouldering walls of the old castle, and out of the warm, summer air. The clouds were gathering in the west, but the sun still shone, and the j breeze was sweetaud fresh. She strolled j down the ruined avenue, beneath the j whispering fir branches, arid out into tiie { green, open park. The prospect around i uer was indescribably grand and beauti- j £ul. <>n one band towered the bold, j bleak valleys, and now and then the i glittering gleam of some mountain lake, ' and far below flashed the spires of Perth j and distant Dundee. j There was a fallen statue near at hand, j a modern Apollo, half imbedded in the ] rank grass, his lyre broken, and all his j god-like beauty falling to decay. Lady j Pearl seated herself upon this fallen god, j and leaning her lovely brow oil her hand, j gazed out upon the glorious summer j scenes with sad, sad cues. So youn<* ? and yet so utierly miserable ! The very j sunlight seemed to fall upon her bowed | head, with its crown of silken gold in 1 pitying tenderness. j She was thinking of the baronet, ihe j man who was to be her husband, wonder ' tug why it was that his very presence iu 3pired her with such disgust, and j aveision? She could not hear to be in; the same room with him, and yet in three short months she would be his wife! " I cannot,'" she murmured, the silent tears falling over her cheeks. _ "Surely <Jod will let me die and escape it. Poor papa, I would give my life to please and comfort liim, but I cau never be that man's wife." .And then her fancy, by a sudden and capricious transition, recalled another face, a handsome, manly face, lit by bright brown eyes. Poor little Pearl sighed, and a vivid red flushed her waxen cheeks. She was an eari's daughter, yet sLe was quite as full of idle faucies, and silly, girlish dreams, as the humblest p iasant girl upon her father's domains. She sat there in the old park, on the fallen statue of Apollo, dreaming ill the bright summer sunshine, aud always in her dreaming those bright brown eyes were present. Foolish, foolish little Pearl! The sound of an approaching footstep | startled her, and she sprang up, in haste j to fly back and escape an interview with j Sir Bayard ; but she 1 face to face not j Sir Bayaid, but Captain Fossbrooke. He j bowed with courtly grace, that pleasant j smile, of his making his brown eyes j ! irresistible. L:tdjr Marguerite iJusiied j like a rose in her embarrassment. " I beg you pardon, Lady Marguerite, said the captain, "but you were just what I needed to make my sketch perfcct" j -he pointed towards his portfolio and j j drawing materials, which lay a few feet, j j distant-" and my patron saint sent you j | to sit on the fallen Apollo. Will you : look at my sketch ?" j Lady Marguerite followed hiin, and he j laid before lier, with pardonable pride, a j masterly skeich of the hoary old ruins, j and of the green park, with herself seated on the fallen marble, and ihe bold peaks, , and the rolling highlands in the distance. , " Why. what-an artist you are, Captain Fossbrooke," she said, simply. '* I never saw anything so perfect. How it would delight the countess/' I '* Do you think so ? Then the countess ' I must see it," smiled the captain. J I He took up his portfolio, and they ! walked on side by side. i i " I did not dream of such a pleasure as meeting ycur ladyship." he stud. When I came out to sketch this morning 1 ; thought you were at the Towers." I Lady Marguerite blushed vividly be- I neatli his admiring glances. | | " We came across over a week ago,' I she replied. " We are staying at Havens | wold, an old highland country-house j belonging to the countess." I "Ah, I understand! How long shall I you remain V" ! "Until the last of September, 1 think." : ." That's pleasant." cried the captain, j I'm here myself for the summer. I've abandoned the sword, for the hot weather at least."' They had reached the ruins bv this time, and as they turned into the grand vestibule, clambering over heaps of rubbish, the}7 came upon Sir Bayard, wholly recoveied from his dizziness, it appeared, and coming in search of Lady Marguerite. If a ghost, from one of the mouldering tombs beloiv the chapd, had confronted liim, he could not have looked more i startled than he did atsight of the captain. He looked like a statue, his face growing livid, his eyes wide and staring. " How are you to-day, Sir Bayard ?" said the captain, extending his liaud with frank cordiality. The baronet gave him the tips of his fingers, a scowliug frown contracting iiis brows. The next instant he ottered his arm to Lady Marguerite, and led her away-the countess was awaiting her he said. Nothing dashed l>y his evid< nt dislike aud ill humor, the captain followed tliem into tiie grand gloom of the old chapel, where the countess still sat. She looked up in unutterable surprise at his sudden appearance. " Why, bless my soul," she exclaimed, regarding him over her goggles, " who is it ? W'hy, 'tis Fossorooke-Captain Fossbrooke!" The captain bowel profoundly, and ex pressed himself highly flattered to know that her ladyship remembered liim. He was making a sketching tour through the Highlands. " Why, I thought you were a soldier," interrupted the dowager, spitefully. "So I am, and begging your ladyship's paid 3ii, an anist, too, in my way. Would, you do my poor sketch the honor to look at it ?" '?Do look at it, please," whispered Marguerite, her radiant face all smiles and blushes, "you will be so pleased, I know !" The artist drew the sketch from his portfolio, and laid it before her, and the dowager condescended to examine it. lier eyes brightened beneath lier goggles as she looked. "? Why, .young man,"she cried r.t last, " This thing is worthy of a place in mv gallery at Mortlake ! I never saw a iiner landscape ' Do you care to Fell it ?" " It isn't finished yet,"' replied Captain Fossbrooke, flushing with gratification ; '. it will make a finer appearance by far win n it is complete." " Well, complete it, then, and I'll give you a good price for it. Wnat do you want :? Will three hundred pounds do V" '' That would be a very generous remuneration," replied the captain, .' but if your ladyship would accept But she cut him short with a gesture. " I never accept anything," she said. I've money enough to pay for all 1 want. Mind, the picture's mine as soon as it is done. Why can't .'/oti do something like | that, Bromptou she continued, turning to the baronet. " What has become of I your talent [ Sir Bayard did not reply, but the cap i iaindid. [ " Oh, yes," he put in pleasantly, " Sir j lSayard rlor# dabble in colours, too. 1 ; remember now. my friend, Colon f I Jprh l moi/tl DrooJ. p. used to speak of Sir Bayard j as an artist!" | The baronet's face began to lose its i color, and his eyes to wander restlessly beneath the captain's steady gaze, and he J stammered wretchedly in his attempts to i reply. s ' lf'd he'd spoken of liim as a fool, lie d j have been nearer the truth, I think," ! muttered the dowager, under her breath; . then aloud, " Here, Marguerite, give the ) captain a sandwich aud a bottle of cham 1 pagne," she said, " and then we'll gather J up. and get ready for starting. J Marguerite obeyed with blushing eager *i ness, and while tlie captain, sitting down ' beside the countess, uncorked his chain - ] pagne and ate his sandwjch, talking all the while with that nameless ease an«l grace that characterised all his move-: merits, the baronet, utterly unable to control his blanching cheeks and shaking knees, availed himself of the pretext ol j seeing that the carriage was ready, and , made his escaoe. j " With your ladyship's kind per- ; micsion," ventured the artist, after lie. had placed the ladies in the carriage, standing in the noonday sunlight, his handsome face and bright-brown evos al aglow with life and genial humour. III call at Raveuswold in a day or two and bring the sketch And the countess nodded in her grun, abrupt way ; and mentally anathematized herself the moment after when her sharp i eyes caught sight of Marguerite s vivio. j blushes and lingering glances as the j carriage rattled away ^ ? " A pretty mess I've made of it, she j soliloquized^ "giving him an excuse to | come-and the girl is head-over-heels iu j love with him already." j They drove a miie or two further down | amid the highlands to see the cavern, | : which was a weird and wonderful sub- j terra neaii abode, running for iniles be- ? neatli the base of a rocky clift, roofed | with glittering stalactites, and floored ; with mosaic-like excrescencesthat- gleamed ; and flashed in the light of their torches ; like precious stones. The countess and j Marguerite were carried away with i delight and admiration, and lingered long i after Sir Bayard warned them that the weather had changed and the day was far \ advanced. There were so many wonders to admire, so many new sights at. every step, that they lingered in blissful forget fulne.-s. The voice of their coachman aroused them from their dream. ^ *' I beg your ladyship s pardon, he j said, addressing the countess: *' but | there be every sign as eranis ye when a storm's a brewin', and I thought it best | to fasten the 'osses, and come down an t rell ye." . . And at the same moment, as if m con nrinatiou of his words, a roil of thunder awoke a thousand reverberating echoes around them. Marguerite grew pale with alarm, and the countess went stump ing oil" towards the entrance at a furious rate. . " You villian 1" she cried, with her charactciistic unreason, as another peal ! seemed to shake the foundation of the ' mountain ; "* why didn £ yo'i conic and tell me before ? What made you wait till the last moment T " I l»e<T your grace's pardon,' imploivd the driver ; " but Sir Bayard was up a minute or so ago." " Hush with your clatter, will you V If I'm caught in the storm it shall cost, you your place, that's all. H'.re, Broinpton, don't stand there like a gaping idiot. Can't you help me to get out ?" Sir Bayard flew to her assistance, bow ing like a mandarin, while Marguerite, glad to escape his attentions, accepted the assistance of the guide. The storm was certainly brewing, and that with frightful rapidity, when they gained the outside world again. The west was one groat mass of boiling black., edged with brassy yellow where the lu. id sun was going down; and the thunder bellowed in the great distance like the guns in a great battle. 14 I think we had better return to the cave till the storm is over," suggested the baronet, as he surveyed the ominous sky. " You do?" snarled the dowager, as she hobbled on toward the carriage; " tlieu take shelter in it. If you want to be buried in that pit o' tire and brimstone in a thunderstorm 'tis more than I do. Here, Marguerite, bs quick, a^d now, j sir-addressing the driver-" drive for your life : if you don't get back to the old castle before the storm breaks I'll clip your ears." Sir Bayard sprang to his seat without another word, and the coachman, mount ing his box, lashed his horses like a mad man. I>ut the highland roads were j ronsjli and bad, and in the gloom of the [ waning afternoon it was a matter of ex ceeding difficulty to distinguish one road from another. The poor fellow had not driven half a mile before he was utterly bewildered. But he kept on, the fiery animals at (heir best speed, and growing wilder with the blaze of the lightning in tiieir eyes. '.Are we in sight of the casilede manded the countess, shuddering at every fresh peal. " Not yet, your ladyship," replied the coachman, urging his sieeds into a lonely lane, which ran through the heart of a forest of lira. Sir Bayard opened the carriage door ! and !o >ked out, as the darkness began to close around them. " We are on the wroi?g road !" he cried out. " The man has lost his way !" The countess uttered a cry of rage and exccration, 1 ut an awful shock, as if heaven and earth were coming togetln r, and at the same instant a blinding flash silenced her. The very air was charged with sulphurous gas, and the ailirighted horses, maddened beyond all control, shot off at a bi eik-neck pace. The baronet put out his head to call to the driver, and, to his utter conster nation, saw that the box was empty. The driver was gone. 