An Old Ghost. ? The pastoral letter of Arohbishop Cirr, of Victoria, re primary education, strikes onoe inore on the almost frayed out string of seoular versus . Beotarian education . The arohbishop, alter; patting himself and his co-religionists npon tho back for tho high standard reaohed' by their school children in the Centennial Ex hibition competitive list, goes on to raise the old ory, ' If the State declines to recognise tho Calholioclaim,' io. It cannot bo other than a matter of regret to any thinking persou, be his personal religion what it may, that any church or soct should constantly keep up this -jry. ' If arguments uan bo brought forward to disprove tho claim for the bono ficinl success of the present educational system, let tbsm bo stated and tho public, both sec tarian and secular, will pause to weigh them and pronounce judgement upon thera. But to simply reiterate assertions which havo already besn jproved to be fallacious ii not a particularly pleasing or stioeei-sful oourto to pursue to con vince sceptics. Not only Arohbishop Carr and his co-religionists, but every other member of a church or sect who disapprove of the colonial educational system, should consider at least throe , points before entering into any aod trovorsy upon tbo matter. If satisfactory answers eon ho obtained ta theso . points, well and good, but ii not, then lot tho Bleeping dog remain ia peaca. It should bo bomo in mind that at ono time State education did not exist in the colonies, but tho churches were ia existence tisen, and the churches had schools then. Yet thoro woro hundreds of children growing op iu almost ontaro ignoranoe, because the clrerch schools, and indeed the prfvate eriterpriso schools, were situated only ' whero enough asholars could be obtained to mako , eohool keeping a paying concern. No church would go out -into tho scattered bush distriots to instruct tho young members of thoir oom mnnion, anil if these did not come into tho big centres of population to obtain food for their minds, thijy might starve in tho wildorness. This system .presented t o serious danger te the State of maiiyof tho next generation growing up in a semi-ignorant condition, and the legislature determined 'to remedy it. Aa it waa necessary to educuto all Children up to some sort of standard, irad as tho church and private school scheme 'had, 'by its half and half measures, proved itself ntit a success, tho State uudertook the whole of the business. After tho ftuluro of tbo- other schemes it was not very probable that any Government would allow itself to bo dictated to as to tho courso it was to pursue, especially by tho -very bodies whose failure had rendered public notion 'necessary, aud so the decision was arrived at that State schools only should rocoive State liid. . Denominational and private schools could bt; started, but. must run on their own merits. The plea, therefore, that is now raised is totally futile unless it can be shown that any particular sect can and will undertake tbe entire education of all the children within its limits, aud also guarantee to thoBe ohildren a certain standard of educa tion.' Even Archbishop Carr would probably hesitato to undcrtako that. Another point to be considered is that State aid . to ono sect means State aid to all, and also that to aid a church school is to aid tho churoh as well. . If this principle were applied all round there is little doubt what tho next cry would be, and what the opinion would be of the advantages of purely sectarian as opposed to purely seoular education. Ono or tho other must obtain, and before altering or striving to alter the existing order of things it should bo re membered that whereas, the, latter is now boing tried and is entirely successful, the former has been tried and has dismally failed. 