The Story of a Portrait. It was the portrait of a lovely girlish face, blooming as a fresh June rose just opening to the sunlight and the lu-ee/.e : a happy face, . whose red lips, curled and dim plect in a winning smile; and Whose brown eyes held the veritable sinishine of the heart imprisoned in their.softly-latmh- ing depths. It was well_painted too— ex ceedingly well painted. A feeling of sur prise stole over me. How came this nn- friimed "gem— a thing of evident merit and valnj> -upon this poor'and humble cottage w.tU ""'Admiring Afellie's picture, ain't you, nm'am ?' said a gentle voice besidenne. " Most folks do that. My daughter's .ptir-. trait, ma'am, taken at seveiiteen." The si>eaker was my landlady,- a. gentle, kindly woman, ignorant— so far as books anil schools were concerned—hut wise bv the experiences of a pure though suffering life, and full of good Christian thought ani l kindly feeling. She stood looking at the portrait with a loving smile. " The only child God ever gave me, ma'am, and mv heart was set on her. All the more so that I lost her father while she was stiil a babe. Of course, I spoiled her." -I was but a siily woman, not half so rich in com- i mon sense as I was in love. She was all .1 had in the world when my husband died. ! and I spoiled lier. ' \ I'll tell you her story, if you like, the ' Story of that portrait. It' was painted In- j a youug.lover of hers. . She had two of : them. Paul Willis and Dick Lisle. -Two j of them, did T say ? She had dozens. ! There wasn't a j-ouiig fellow between our I iarm anci tne nearest town that wasn t in love with my girl. She might have had her pick and choice of the boys through the countryside. But although one or two of them were well-to-do and handsome, she turned her pretty nose up at them all'. And that suited me right well. I wasn't in any hurry to part with my beautiful child. Besides, when the time should come for her to marry, I knew who wanted for her husband — Dick Lis'", the I orphan child of my old bosom friend ami j schoolfellow. His father and my husband I liacl been firm friends, too. and" when, at j fifteen, he was left an "orphan, who .should j take charge of him but me ? Nell Was then twelve years old, and I sent her f> ' boarding 'school. It was Hard to part, (h.d | knows, but I bore it, as I would have j borne anything, for her good. It didn't j seem to me that our village school was ! good enough for my handsome srirl, who > was to be an heiress some day in a mode- rate way, besides hemg a beauty. "I grew very fond of Dick. He was company for me in the first cruel loneli ness of parting from my girl, and cheered me up, and seemed almost like a son to me. Then it was that I beean io plan their marriage — a marriage that,, instead of taking 1113- darling child a way from me would keep her for ever at home. The lad had a nice liitie portion, too. and was stead v, and good, and handsome. It seerned to me that he must find favour in her eyes.- The more I thoucht of it the more my heart got set 011 it, tili ii grew to be the favorite idea and object of mv life,. And every summer when Nell came "home she seemed to grow more sweet anil beau tiful. I. was so blinded -by my love and pride that I never noticed, never thought of, one natural result of her grand train ing. She was getting to be 'something of a -fine lady now, and looked down a little on her old life and companions. But when she came home for good at last I did observe a certain change in her. She had lost her old gay spirits, I thought, and seemed quiet, and even sad. Dick thought . his love-making annoyed her. : She only thinks of me as a brother or a friend.' he said to me, sorrowfully, and he began to grow very despondent, for he loved her with, his whole heart. Jlut'l wouldn't, hear of that. I hail made up my mind, in tlie.se five years, that he and no other should marry my child. 'She's shy,' said I ; ' that's just all. Leave ine to reason with her.' And I said to'inysbllj the .child doesn't know her owir: heart. . Of course she loves him. "When she knows how he.i; .mother's heart is set on it-.-sheTl marry Dick, and bless me for it afterwards.' . . . " So. I talked to her. I ought to have .told yo.u that Paul Willis had 'arrived .some three -weeks before this, and was boarded with us. He had just finished her portrait there and given it to me, and I was greatly taken with him. lie was a .handsome lellow, with a graceful boyish way about ., him that was sure to - win a .woman's liking. Nellie had introduced him to us as a friend whom she had known . at school. She grew very pale while I talked, and began to tremble quite piti fully. 'T can't, mother,' she > said. 'I can't marry Dick. I— I love another.', And as the words left her lips, Paul Willis' walked into the room. .. " I understood it all before another word was said. There wasn't any neud for her to go to him, as she did instantly, and cling to his arm. I understood it all . without that. I was an easy-going woman enough, not at all given to fits of temper ; but 1 flew into a violent passion then, for the first and, I think, the last time Tnjny life. 'So,' said I, 'this is your lanc\\-, is it ? He shall never have you, then,- never ! Leave him, this instant, and take the man I've chosen for you, or take my curse !'; Dear Heaven What wild and wicked things we say in fits of rage ! As if 1 could ever put a curse upou .my.owjudear child ! I think she believed me_ though,. for she turned white to her lips. t; ' 1 cant leave him,' she said. ' It's too late for that. Mother, he is my husband f I. can't tell what followed. I must have gone clean crazy, I think, for awhile. 1 remember ordering them" out ofthe house, ana tearing the picture down, from .the „ wall, ami Ringing it after taeni;; and, then t I lo.-t ull knowledge of eVerytliTng. c 'And when I began to awake, as it were, and . understand, again,. I found I hadjbeeipill for days "and days. Aud_ Nelii'eyand -fief" husband were gone. Site had. taken only such, of her personal effects as ivere indis- ' pntably her own,, and had come into my; - room while I was asleep, they told me, and knelt ami wept beside me. . Oh ! if they only had piot told me that. It had ' the efi'etr of making rue sure she would, return, and 1 grow harder in my anger and lov pride, even ivliile my heartuvas aching for her. But she did not ;return, and. after awhile, I began to: realise that she" would" not., .. Oh, how -I: lpiigeiV-'ii.i:-' her "But I kept a stern face still; alti'uiugii 1- grew- suddenly old, aud my black hay;. .turned grey. 1 ' .. . ' 1 . ; ; " At last one day, a whole year- after her. " flight, there came to the .farm 'a letter. It 7 was addressed to Dick' Lisle, mot. to me, .apd in. Nell's handwriting. Poor thing ! I understood well enough jtiiath'she., was' afraid to write to me ; aiid yet, when' the first delizht of hearing frohi her'was 'over,.- my jealous, longing love-made1 ine' -grow; angry. -The more so' .because , Dick' was awav. .It : was .hard to wait for news' 'of her "till his return. I mi ght" liave opened thiQettarr. Dick would havtrbeen willing, - 1 well -knew, .hut l.was stilL too proud' 'Since she would not write to her mcvOier,'" 1 thought, ' hut chose Dick -instead; -I can do without her as she withouajnie,' , . And I waited for his return. A whole" week ? God forgive me for it ! Death would have been far easier than my remorse when I learned at last what my pride had done. F or the letter was a wild appeal for help, for mercy, for forgiveness. Her husband was ill, she was the mother of a little babe, and they were destitute and starving. ' Though my -mother's curse is heavy upon me,' she wrote, 'show mercy to my inno cent child, for Christ's dear sake !' Ob, the agony of my remorse ! My child was starving, dying, and I, out of stubborn pride, had held her letter without answer, perhaps until too late. " Dick and I started for London that very night, and sought out the address her letter gave. Alas ! we were too late indeed. They had gone, leaving no clue behind them. c I kept them as . long as I- could,' the landlady said. ' Mr. Willis was awful ill and awful poor, but he tried hard to make a living and I pitied him. So talented, too ! If he'd only had a little money or friends to help him on he'd ha' been somebody; But poverty: crushed: him. J. hey had relatives that they wrote; to, and I kept t'neni till they lost all hope of. a reply. But, after all — well, I am poor myself, and so they had to go.' Every word was a stab to my heart, a judgment on my sinful soul. I had lived in miser able comfort at home while my only" child was starving. ' Had they any money at all when they left?' I asked in agony. The woman shook her head. 'I think not. There was a few; poor clothes anil an old picture, the portrait of a very pretty, girl. That's all.' And- then our search bean— long, wearying, fruitless, hopeless, heart- sickening. If it hadn't been for Dick I must have died. A whole week went by. No clue, no sign. London was a big.piace,- and we were bound to find her. I suppose we might have gone on searching to this day, or died, if it hadn't been for Nellie's picture. "7 "We were passing a pawnbroker's shop one day, and I was well-nigh heartbroken, when, raising my eyes" tothe window, I. met those sunny, merry ones of the por trait smiling on me like a happy ghost.'-: I shrieked aloud with joy. But for Dick I should have fallen upon my knees there in the street, and thanked God aloud that I had found her. But we.. hadn't really. found her yet; it was bub her picture, and the clue as .soon as found seemed to fail. 'I-Ie had bought it of a worn, hag gard-looking woman,' the man told .us- Being asked if it could not have been- her portrait, he laughed and answered, ' Oh, dear, no ! She was a woman of fifty, with grey hair. 1 know where she lives, and can show you.' He did so. Our clue slipped further and further away. The woman was a stranger. "'I didn't sell it for myself,' she said, sullenly. ' I've a sick lodger upstairs — sick and starving. I sold it for his wife. He's very low,' she said. ' 1 wouldn't? startle him. I'll bring his wife.' And she did. A pale, emaciated, trembling.woman came timidty creeping down tlie stairs. I didn't know her at first, didn't recognise the face, so pale, so worn ; but I knew tlie i voice that filled my heart with its cry of , ' Mother !' and caught her as she would have fallen at my feet. ' I have been sore chastised,' she groaned. ' I sinned, but I have been bitterly chastised.' Oh, so had I ! But sorrow was ended now. I clasped her to my breast. 'Thank God !'..I cried. . ' It. is not yet too late for happiness !' ' And we- have enjoyed a bounteous share off it. I took them home, and you may be sure the precious portrait went along with 'us. And Paul recovered, though he was never" strong. The. seeds of consumption were in his blood. And he died when mypretty grandchild was four years old. That sturdy little lad of ten, I mean,: who last night helped to carry your trunk for you. "And Nell ? Ay to be sure, you want the end of the story. . Nell married agaiq1 four years --ago. -"You'll see her; She. I doesn't live far irorn here, upon the farm I gave "them"; for the second time, the husband she chose was my choice too: Dick Lisle has his life-long love for. a 'wife:- . at last, and I have — her. jrortrait.'' 