AMUSEMENTS. "MACBETH'." Tho revival of "Macbeth" 'at tho Theatre Royal, though disappointing in the representa tion, xnay bo welcomed , ou tho ground that every intelligent performance of the great poet's works adds something to our knowledge of them und keeps fresh tho recollection of their marvellous dramatic force. There are, of course, etrong and cultured minds which be come seized of all the grandeur, weirdncss and deep-seated melancholy of Macbcth's character as they turn ovor the pages of the drauJa in the seclnsion of their own homo. It is not to such as these, however, that the production nnder review will disclose very much. On the other hand, tho great mass of playgoers nre not students,, many of tbcin scarcely readers, of Bbakespoare. They know his works chiefly in the way that the dramatist's contemporaries knew them, through representation on the stage, and this being so, the infrequenoy with which " Macbeth" has been played in Sydney will carry weight in gaining acceptance for the present cast. And this iufrcqneucy is very remarkable. Tho tragedy has, wo understand, only been produced here twico during tho past 10 years. The last production, in July, 1884, was made memorable by the appearance of Miss Genevieve Ward as Lady Macbeth, This great actress is generally acknowledged to bo amongst tho now few representative exponents of tho character left upon tho active list of the English stage, and her presence, lifting tho production above the commonplace, was so far alluring in its potency that the revival crowded tho theatro for three weeks. In " Mac beth " " the imperial greatness of tho swelling theme " requires there shall be at least ono actor of commanding genius and tragic intensity upon tho stage, and when that is the case, the support of actors full of in telligence and studied in their art fairly meets the exigencies of modern requirement. In London, apart from tho Lyceum Theatre, which : boasts t "two stars unutterably bright," this seems' to bo generally recognised. At the Drury-lano revival of 1SS2 Mine. Ristori was tho Lady Macbeth, aud there was no other namo iu tho cast, .though all were well and favorably known in tho thea trical world, which would bo familiar to the general reader. Mr. Win. Rignold was the Macbeth ; Mr. J. H. Barnes, MacdufE ; Mr. II. R. Tcesdale, Banquo ; Mr. Arthur Dacre, Malcolm ; Mr. A. Matthicson, Duucau, and so on. Other instances could be cited to show the scarcity of absolute genius, and to em phasise ,tho fact that even London audiences accept what is good thankfully wlieu they can not get better. Playgoers of a thankful turn of mind wore very plentiful at tho . Thoatre Royal on Saturday night. The house was very crowded, and excepting in the dress circle was very enthusiastic. That no ono great star was thera to give lustro and tone, to the dimly- spangled firmament seemed of little conse quence to the audience. The impressive action of a play that has been said to "inoveupon tho verge of an abyss" and to form "a constant struggle of life and death" was placed before the house, and its tragic possibilities were suggested even whore they were not shown. As to the staging of tho tragedy, in view of tbo fact that tho re vival will he necessarily abort it may be pro nounced adequate. Tho sccuc of the blasted heath, the wet moorland showing weirdly beneath tho blood -red sky, was effectively painted, and the apparent strength, solidity and size of the rough banqueting-hall was impres- "aire. The interpolation of tho u&ual; verses from Mlddleton's " Witch of Edmonton" will he readily excused by lovers of Locke's good old-fasbioncd music, and the mora so because it is said that ono number at least, " Black Spirits and White," is clearly iudicated in the " First Folio." The choruses were fairly well done, but the same cannot be said of the solos of the First and Secoud Siugtng Witches, by Miss Walton and Miss Heath. Fortunately a firat- ratoHccato had been secured in the person of ! Mr. Harold King. Tho tone was not heavy enough for the bass part, but the baritone singer showed judgment in the use of a voice of very pleasant quality aud considerable power. Iu discussing the interpretation accorded the two chiof characters, much ground for debate may bo at once cleared away by the remark that they were based upon traditional and per fectly familiar lines. So far as history tells us, Mr. Henry Irving has been tho first to empha sise the nervous agitation which besets Macbeth when in the presence of the supernatural to the exclusion of the heroic qnalitics of his charac ter. Miss Ellen Terry has been tho first to play what the great Biddons called "tho grand fiendish part" in the stylo of a "clinging and cajoling enchantress." Trained in the school of JTIiUipo, crcoVtii.it auu jjunjr jumv.iu, uxi. Charles Warner happily attempts no innova tions. The attractive features in the imperso nation are a musical and intelligent delivery of the lines, somewhat fitful touches of dramatic power — the moat striking being shown upon the second nppcaranca of J3anquo'a ghost and the horror and trepidation after ths murder— and a very handsomo and regally impressive stage presence. Tho pervading fault ot tho impersonation was, on the other hand, its. want of imagination nnd pootry.' The meeting with the weird sisters influenced the charactar of the man but little and there was nothing at any time to suggest that " function was smothered in surmise " beyond the bare statement of a fact which had to be taken ou trust. On tbo wholo wo think Sir. Warner's Macbeth will tako a lower pines in ths general estimation than his Hamlet. Tba re-appcaranco after a retirement of some years of Miss Augusta Dargou as Lady Macbeth was tbo popular snccess of the evening. Here, too, tbo im personation was a littio disappointing. All that good elocution, intelligence and conscientious study could do was done, and iu any other . character this would bo vory much indeed. A Lady Macbeth' must, however, possess tragic forco of no ordinary kind, a voica that can strike to tho heart of tho furthest listener, and classio breadth as well S3 grace of gesture. Miss Dnrgon's reading of ' the latter was admirable, but her variety of rcsonrco was not sulllcient in tbo greatest scenes, and the gestures, moro particularly tho flourish of tho right arm hn'bitual in moments of excitement, were too violent and abrupt to be artistically impressive. Many good point3 were made, and nothing conld havo exceeded the grace and spontaneity of the rapid movement which placed her in low obeisance at King Duncan's feet ; bat generally, unlesB we except tho deeper impression made in the sleep-walking scene, tho impersonation was not eonvinoing. Miss Dargon has, nevertheless, now renewed tho pleasant relations with tho Anstralian playgoer, which were founded on tho dramatic representation of rdlos less exact ing1, than tho one under discussion. Should sho choose to cominuo theso relations, ns wo trust may be tho case, sbo will be mado warmly wel come everywhere, and her earnest work and wido experience will bo especially valuable at tUU prcaUllb biuiv. ft tituue tvifttuio lu tug icpLU- eentation was tho fine rendering of ths noble third tccno of tho fourth act, between Macduff (Mr. H. H, .Vincent) and Malcolm (Mr. Herbert Flemming), in which the fato of poor unhappy Scotland i3 deplored. The bitterness and pathos of tho reproach, " Ho has no children," whero Macduff rejects Malcolm's well-meant attempts at consolation was tho great feature ' of tho play. Old Mr. J. J. Haskor, so long identified with tho Anstralian stage, gavo somo good work in an unequal performance aojfKiog Duncan, and Mr. Albert Marsh was effcctivo as Banquo. Tho remaining characters yet uupamed woro allotted as follows Donaldblain, Mr. O'Sullivan ; Rasse, Mr., j, B, Steolo j Lennox, Mr. Richard Stowart jun. ; Scyton, Mr. Alfred Phillips ; Physician, Mr. Ralkcs ; Siwnrd, Mr. Barker ; Bleeding Sergeant, Mr. England ; Fleance, Miss Edith Drury ; First Murderer, Mr. English : Second Murderer'', Mr. Patterson ; Third Murderer, Mr. James ; Fi/st Witch, Mr. Oily Dcering j Second Witch, Miss Ada Ward ; Third Witch, Miss Sydnoy ; apparitions— First Apparition, Miss Violet Ellicott ; Second Apparition, Miss Edith Drury ; Third Apparition, Miss Domnay j Gentlewoman, Miss Madgo Ellicott. 