The papers in connection with the sale of n water reserve, Coohy ond Merritt's Creek, to Hon, James Taylor are before as, and, i f only as an illustration of one of the weak spots in responsible government, affords very interesting leading. Proceedings woro initiated by Mr. Taylor writing to tho Minister for Lands on February 16, 1888, stating his desire to purchaso tho water reserre, adding : ' You will observe I own tho wholo of tho land surrounding the pioco I wish to purchase. There is no main road' to it, otc. Things wore put in train; not at first in accordance with the accepted traditions of rape tape ; in fact, tba Department teemed so inclined to nxpedito matters, that the Land Commissioner at Toowoomba was. re quired by lalcgraph, no less, to value the land applied for. This was not till a month aftor tho application, certainly, but it jvbs ovident tho Department had been woke up to the matter then. Mr. Warner replied by telegraph, that jtho value of tho land was £2 per acre — not 30s, as lias been stated both in Parliament and by sovcrnl news papers. The matter was then handed over to the Land Board with the following letter : — Tho Under Secretary for Public Lands la the B.'crctarj to tho Land Board. Department of Public Lands), Brisbane, 20th March, 1833. Sin,— I have- tho honour, by direction of Tho Sec retary for l'ublio Lands, to fonvnrd herewith papem rcliting to.an application to .puruhnsc, under the 02ml Section of ' Crown Land* AH of 188 V an nhpni claimed Water Kcservo of 33: ncren, -which U sur raimileil by his property on Cooby Creek, inrisli of Douglas, with the request that you will have the go illness to lay the matter before the Hoard to deter mine the value and for such notion an they: may consider necessary. I have, &c;, i'Bisoia X. Kreket, pro Under Secretary. ? ' It was not until the 8th June that the Laud Board found it convenient to attend to the matter, when the Secretory, Mr. Scott, repliei : 1 have the honour, by direction, to inform you that at fie Land Hoard Court, hcldhcre on the Oth instant,' Ilio raluo of the lund in the HeBcrve on Cooby Creek, la the parixheD of Douglau and Giiham, proposed to bo sold to the Hon. J.' Taylor, under Section 92 of tho Act, was determined at £2 per acre. It will ho observed that tho Board wore asked 'to determine, the value, and for such further action' as might be considered necessary. The reply was tantamount to saying they con sidered no further action required, their duty being performed when they were assured tho value of tho land would bo received. In other words, tho Board tacitly approved of the sale. It was in this state that the now Minister (Mr. Black) found matters heforo he came to got a proper grip of them. His predecessor had evidently entertained no idea of refusing to sell the land, having put every thing in train for selling it. If tho words quoted above could have been taken as an intimation to the Land Board to report as to the ajvisibility of selling, the Board by its Bilenco implied consent. In fact the papers were handed up to Mr. Black for the final formal aotion, and tho Cabinet approval was duly signified ou ISth July. On the 30th tho bill of coats — purchase money 32 acres at £2 = £64, other costs in connection, £4 Ifls 2d— £58 19s 2d, was sent to Mr. Taylor who promptly responded with his chequo on 1st August. The deed is duly issued, and the third act opened by a letter from the High fields Divisional Board on 31st December, wanting to know, you know, whother the water reserve in question bad been sold to anyone, nn 1 if so, all about it. We may suppose the officials of our Circumlocution Office regarded this missive with no great favor; but the machinery was got into motion, and in between a fortnight and three weeks it indicated the required information. Tho Board was not informed, however, manifestly through the in advertence of some clerk, as an order for tho required information to be given was minuted. The Inspector of Road Survoys is next asked to report as to tho necessity of the roads being kopt open through tho reserve?, as stated by the Highficlds Board. The nnswer is that of the four roads abutting in the resorve, threo ought to be connected with each other and with the permanent wator, ' which would be tantamount to granting tho request of tho Bottlers and resuming the wholo reserve.' All the available wator could be got at with out going on the reserve, but as the roads are blocked and the reserve surroundad by private property, of course evory drop is cut off from the public. It has now becomes' evident that resposible government has managed a huge, blunder, and the machinery is onco moro set in motion, this time to undo what it had previously per potrated. On 15th March Mr. Tnylor is asked on what terms ho will allow tho roads to be resumed. To this thoro is no answer, so tho question is . repoated on tho 23rd of April, Still no nnswer, bui on 10th May Mr. Taylor writes tho Under; Secretary, stating he had called at that; official's office to see what he (Mr. Taylor) was| wantod to do in the matter, but the official was1 not in, Mr. Taylor would call again next week. Meanwhile the Circumlocution Depart ment had been enlivened by another communi cation from the Highfields Board, dated 17th April. Tho letter declares that tho supposod communication of 14th January had never boen received. As f or tho reservo, the Board expressed a hopo that it might bo repurchased from Mr. Taylor, thoy '.feeling. assured that the error committed in allowing its aliena tion must bavo been purely inadvertent and unintentional, and that the glaring in justice inflicted by the case surely stands liniquo in itself.' ? The next act opens with a deputation of the Higbfields Divisional Board to tho Miuister for Lands, requesting that the salo of the rciervo may bo cancelled. Tho Miuiater minutes to the effect that Mr. Taylor bn com municated with to tho desired end. Mr. Taylor was so communicated with on 26th August lost and replied as follows on 4hc20th:— Bin.— I am in receipt uf a letter dated 20th instant, from the Under ticorctury for Lands, asking me to i-aurol purolinsc of a small reserve ou Cooby Creek, said to lio required fur roadways and access to water. Ax 1 obtained thin laud In u perfectly legal mauuer, without any fult-c representations, I decline to ucccdc to the request. I uotico in the. papers thitt the ex Minister (Mr. Jordan) lias called for all papers and uurrobiiuuueuco In connection with tills mutter to lie laid on the table of the ltuiibc i ut this I urn much pleased, us it wus this gentleman who grunted my pplicution to purchase. 1 wus then required by the l)-uiurtuiont to placo my valuation, being 3Us. peruerc, which was more than 1 paid for udjulnlng blocks. This valuation wan tbeii placed before tho Tjiind Hoard who increased tho price to £2 pur acre, which wus 1 * paid, n Seed of Grant being issued in my favour by tho then Acting Governor. . The land is entirely Biirroundcd by my property, and I havo no hesitation In Baying that this mnttor has bcon brought before you entirely out of spite ngainslmo for impounding stock wilfully put into my paddockB. During tho dobato on tho mutter in tho Assembly Mr. Grooin assorted that a minute of Mr. Jordan's opposing the alienation of tho reservo had bcon made and had since been made away with. Tho Under Secretary there fore instructed Mr. Boyd.keeporof tho records, nnd Mr. Bcnnott, the officer who has charge of sales under section 92 of tho Land Act of 1881 (the section under which the rescrvo was sold) to report if thore was any evidence that a minute was ever sent to the Council in connec tion with tho sale to Mr..Taylor, during tho time Mr. Jordan was Minister ; also whether there was any evidence of any papers having born detached from the official records in con nection with tho case. Theso officials report : ' There is no evidence of any such minute having gona to the Council whilo Mr. Jordan was Minister. No papers appear to havo been detached from tho batch herewith.' It will be romembored it was not Mr. Jordan or any other Minister who testified to the oxistence of this apocryphal minute. The whole thing had its genesis in the marvellous memory or fertile imagination of our senior mcrabor. Which it was may bo left to the tasto-or policy of tho individual roader to decido for himself. Now, this affair may be designated an all round blunder. It was a blunder ou the part of .tho present Govornmtnt to comploto any transaction, no mutter in what stage of com pletion left by their predecessors, without instituting'.;, proper enquiry, and wo will charitably suppose it was ? a blunder on tho part of tho predecessors not to havo made that enquiry. There is not tho remotest doubt but tlioy would havo sold to Mr. Taylor as they had previously sold to Mr. King, for Mr. Jordan, as ho confessed recently, is and was in favor of selling off a lot of the useless reserves made haphazard all over the oountry. His error in this case consisted in not asking nny body whether this reserve was usolcss or otherwise. From tho very jump ho acted as if the sale word a foregone conclusion. .Some thing is tried to be mado out of tho circumstance of the proposed sale of tho Gowrie reserve having - been referred' to' the Divisional Board con cerned ; but it was not so referred'by the then Government, bboing laid .before the Rosalie Board by Mr. H. V. King as a matter of courtesy, that gentleman being, ns well as a gentleman, a member of that Board. If tbo Government had intended referring tho Cooly Creek reserve to the Highfields Board they should have done it tho first thing. In the name of common sense, what was the use of wasting money in telegrams to.the Land Com missioner at Toowoomba, troubling the Land Board to r'oport, and disbursing yard after yard of rep tape in ascertaining the vaiiio of. the land, if it were not for the purpose of selling it without competition ? Would anyone in his senses do all this first, and then cast about to see whether, after all, the land should or should not bo sold ? There is not the ghost of a shadow of a doubt of the intention of Messrs. Jordan & Co, to sell that reservo to ? Mr. James Taylor without competition. But wo have said the present Ministry arc not blameless. either, that is, they too blundered but their blunder was rather duo to the system of government than to themselves. It has been found impossible among all the rapid chances and changes of responsible government for the new set of men to do other than continue tho processes partially completed, or even only initiated or iudicatod, by those who havo just vacated office. Conse quently, a ministry elected for the purpoao of reversing the policy of their predecessors, rarely manage to effect any change) of conse quence for a considerable time. Tho new men find themselves suddenly confronted with an immense amount of work which tho most capable can only gather into their grasp in time. But mean while routino must keep on moving. The machinery cannot be stopped whother tho chief engineer be acquainted with its intri cacies or not. A? a natural consequence, Ministers for a time are in the hands of their under secretaries. Mr. Jordan put the blame of the proceedings in the case of the sale of this very reservo upon tho shoulders of his under secretary; but Mr. Jordan had then been long enough in office to be out of such tutelage.' In tho case of Mr. Black it was otherwise. At the samo time, witli an intelligent knowledge of past events, the very f-ict of this being a proposal to sell land, with out competition, by' tho Griffith Government should have been sufficient to induce him to .look into the papers for hicnielf. 