HO, HO 1 HOW NOW r The Flemington Borough Council have deolined to contribute to the Lady Loch testimonial Fund, but it is whispered thoy are l going to do the thing very handsomely,' in connection with the movement for the increase of the Marquis of Lome's Guber natorlal salary. The Southern Province in which the boroughs are situated is fortunate in having for its Parliamentary representatives gentlemen so benevolent and BO-well-ableto-afford-to-bc liberal as .Mr. James and Sir W. J. Clarke. As a rule we are not given to chronicling the private munificence of onr great men, but it was a pretty Bight to see. the Baronet 1 shouting' the little boys and girls' into the bazaar on Thursday afternoon—and-we thought we would mention it. * * • '*' • •' . o The. tower - of the new post -office, Flemington,. is to be fnrnished with - a clock, and burgesses will shortly bo able to glean, the time of day .from an official source, besides having the privilege;—so dear, to every true Britisher—of growling should the publio time-keeper happen to make a mistake. ..One of the local councillors .while, on . tho .job -we. beg pardon—while on the clock, r 10 other evening, said 'We mast not be Mo timid, .Mr Mayor, we must'. write' to i-he Postmaster General.and ask what it will-cost-; otherwise he may/'eroct' a pn\cy '.clock .unworthy .of the building.' .Hi-' Worship :told the speakor it -would bo mgenorons to growl in'.-advance]-and reo -miiieiided hiin- not to ;look the gift- "ho_f;!o lh'::the mouth, before he'(tbe honeVc'»ened.-it'.' • « • e * An evening: contomporary relates c a' singular, case of.. sojinambulis<n -' which oocured .at Ascot Vale ' on ,Saturday mormng—exact time of,day. not mentioned. Wo sunpoct the. local ghost' is up-to some-of ltB.old trickB again. . . . '••'• '. .. .. ° :' Mr Edward . Oouneal has -presented copy of hia ' MaximB 1 to the Flemington and .Kensington .Council, and thero is muoh . wisdom in. the • three thousand precepts contained therein. • -Maxim'; no' 1128 would almost serve aB a- .motto for one of tho-local legislators—'There' is more-worth In a written.maxim than in a wilderness of bald talk.' Another maxim (no 1331) seems to fit Councillor B. like glove—' Minpy rebuffs: meet ono ; not-to observe.is the best. contempt.' .It ia sad .lu . think 'that a volume sd . ohoke*full of wit and wisdom should ha^e been ' referred to the • Legislative r - Committee.' ... t *.;•-.+ *• Apropos of the question recently disenss ed by the Carlton branoh of the Australian Natives' Association—Are young Australians (mule) disposed' to marry?. A young gumsucker named Smith, who was before the Flemington court-'on Tuesday, would, we ' should -say, be inclined- to reply in tho affirmative. At all events, Mr Smith .appeals to have: taken.- thematrimonial \- plunge "Without a - moment's hesitation. And not only did bo get married, .but. ho inonrred'a lot'of-other. responsibilitCB (with, the . local, storekeepera) at one and the .-same- time.. It seemed from the evidence that, this plucky young Native, was absolutely without moans when he entered, tho .matiimomal state (and -the ledgers of tho district grocers), but. then he had' a promise of employment/ and. -thought .he would, be justified .iu chancing ..it It was not explained whether the Parson waB. paid for uniting- Mr. and -Mts Smith, but we may. reasonably - aasnine. that the bridegroom managed that part.of. the business, also ' on the nod.' 