OUR CHURCHES. PRIMITIVE METHODIST. The Rev. Mr. Harrison preached the fol lowing sermon on Sunday night last from Joshua 1st chap., 9th verse : — The Church of God has entered upon the year 1889 with encouraging prospects. Never, perhaps, in its history- has it had such power, or such potent agencies at its command as at the present moment. Whilst many battles have been fought there remain greater battles to fight, for the religion of Jesus Christ is destined to conquer the world. The fore runner of Christ had said " Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sin of the world ; " and Jesus himself said " If I be lifted up I will draw all men unto Me." Some people asserted that Christianity would be overthrown ; yet it has conquered in the past its numerous foes, and no philosophy or scheme of human invention could be com pared with the Gospel of Christ. We are asked sometimes why the Gospel does not more speedily do its work? In all God's creative works the same principle might be observed, a slow but sure development and accomplishment of His almighty designs ; and the truths of the Bible will grow and strengthen, until sin shall succumb to the law of God and all men know Him, whom to know is life eternal. There is to-day a need for leaders of Christian thought, and a still greater need for men who shall carry out these principles in their every day life. During the past 12 months New South Wales had lost a son whose name would be honored in the hiBtory of the colony, the Hon. W. B. Dalley, who some time ago referred to a scheme of federation which would embrace over one hundred million of people speaking the Saxon tongue, and having under direct control more than a quarter of the Globe. Grand as was the idea, there remained great difficulties in the way of its accomplishment. But to-night we are called npon, not to join any such scheme of human federation, but to take a part in the federation of man with his God. Christ alone could secure for us freedom and purity. Christ alone could make atonement for sin and human trans gression ; but when the work of atonement is finished, then Christ commits his scheme and His divine truths to man, and our glory is this, that we are privileged, as St. Paul says, to be co-workers together with Him. I pro claim a message to you, brethren, that angels would gladly deliver, but they are riot per mitted ; God has always used, and will con tinue to use human agency. " Have not I commanded thee ? " says the text. This is clearly seen in the history of Moses, Elijah, and the Apostles, and even in our own day in suuu lucii viias. o|jurgeoii, uie evtui gelist Moody, and in such lives as those of John Wesley, Wm. Clowes, aud John Flesher and others, men of consecrated lives, who in the hands of the Hply Ghost have drawn multitudes of their fellows into closer fellow ship and sweeter communion with God. I wish, my friends, to-night, to draw your attention to three thoughts suggested by the text : First, God's command. When God commanded Moses to go and speak in Pharoah's court for the children of Israel, he complained of his unfitness for such a position and work, and there is just such a tendency to-day.. The success of any man engaged in God's work is not dependent upon his own ability. The verse preceding my text says, " This book shall not depart out of thy mouth but thou shalt meditate therein day and night that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein, and then thou shalt have good success." When God says to a man " go," He will furnish him with strength ; it is man's duty to obey, leaving results with the Master. Do I need other warrant than this in seeking to do God's will ? Tell me, is there in Kempsey to-night a house without some sorrow? Then this shall be our warrant, that so long as sin and misery are found amongst us we shall seek, by God's help, to assuage grief and bring men into the purity of Christ ; and again, is heaven a reality to me, and cannot sm enter there ? Then for the sake of men who are perishing without hope of heaven, without prospect of reunion with the loved ones gone before, will we obey God's command, and success shall undoubtedly attend our efforts. Science has done, and is constantly doing a great deal to make men comfortable, their homes more bright and cheery ; but what are we doing to bring men into the comfort of the gospel of Christ? Some 3000 souls of our own de nomination have during the past year gone to their rest and eternal reward. Who shall take their places ? Say not "I am unfitted, I am weak, or I am poor." The divine word says, " Have not I commanded thee." What is in your power to do, that do with all earnestness, and heaven's reward will be yours. Secondly, our qualification or equip ment. " Be strong and of good courage." This sentence is thrice repeated by God to Joshua in the first nine verses of the chap ter. Joshua required courage. It seemed as though the eternal one would remind the Israelitish leader of his former deeds. He, with eleven others, had been to spy out the land of Canaan 40 years before this. Ten of the spies were much afraid, Joshua and Caleb were strong and of good courage, bringing back goodly fruit and telling of the beauties of Canaan ; but, said the ten, there are giants and walled cities. Alas, the whole camp took to weeping instead of working, the result being their return to the wilderness for 40 years, so that another generation might grow up who, in strength and courage, should go up and possess Canaan. The second time have the people come to Jordan, no longer afraid of Anak and his sons, or the great cities with walls, and scarcely do the feet of the priests touch the river than the waters divide, and the land is given unto them who trusted in God. Courage is demanded of us to-day. Why should we be afraid ? It is true that the sons of Anak are not all dead, and sometimes one would think the sons of Satan had become incarnate, but in God's name we shall conquer, and when we march through the river its waters shall be cleft for our passage. When the cities are reached, in the name of God they shall be thrown down; and we shall possess the Canaan of purity and peace on earth and the Canaan of eternal rest hereafter. It is sin and unbelief that robs us of our strengtn and courage. Lastly— The assurance, " The Lord thy God is with thee withersoever thou goest." This is perhaps the most precious portion of a Christian's experience and it is especially comforting to us as we look for ward to the possibilities of this year. It is certain to be a year of great changes. To-day our frail bark glides along peacefully with pleasant winds and good prospects, only to morrow tomeet the fierce gale which threatens to hurl us into destruction. Above the roar of winds and waves is heard a still- small voice, " I am with you." To-day I am sur rounded by friends, only to-morrow to find myself alone, yet not alone for the Master says, "I am with thee." To-day I have strength and health, but to- morrow comes disease and death. The loved ones will com fort and accompany me to the brink of the river, but no further. The last token of faithful love is imprinted on a cold brow, the earth and its cares recedes, and the last words of earth are lost in the Master's wel come to the heavenly city. " As I was with Moses, so I will be with thee," with Him in life, with Him in death. Only let us be faithful and we shall share the inheritance of them that love God. Bishop Barry has been guaranteed a yearly stipend of £1000 if he will accept the new founded Bishopric of South wark. During the bombardment of Apia, in Samoa, the British Consul advised the English residents to remove with their children and wives on board the H.M.S. Royalist. 20 Germans were shot during the engagement. 