frates and gMettes. [NOW FIBST PUBLISHED.] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. TUE nuoio STOEV OF ANNA KLOSSTOCK, THE QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of " Cruel London," «. The Three HeorulU," "John Needham'* Doable," Ao. [ALL KIO HTS RESERVED.] PAKT"II. I CHAPTER VL -Ooiílinwtd. It did not require much knowledge or imagination to introduoe into a group of the poori wretched creatures that young student falling by the way, nor to bring a suffering woman to his aid, nor to invoke the inter- position of the brutal Cossack against both of them. This waa the incident upon whioh Philip concentrated his mind and his brush, and to-day, having promised himself models for these three figures, he still went on paintiug from memory, a touch here, a correction there. Unconsciously he found thst he was sketching himself as the dying student. Every touch he put into the figure made it more and more lise him, but every touch he Ïiut upon the woman be rubbed out again, t was an inspiration, that woman's face. He felt it as such, and now the fear took possession of him afresh that he would never be able to finish it. He therefore came to the wise oonclu>ion not to touob the original sketch again, but to make new étudies for any alterations io its development. The face took fresh possession of him aa he worked; and when presently he began to think again of Dolly, and to pioture in his mind the scene she had forecast of a floating gondola on the Grand Canal, with only they two and the gondolier in the moonlight, with muslo rising and falling in the sweet Spring air, that face had gradually as it were eclipsed Dolly's cheerful, lore- inviting features, and it waa at the feet of the strange woman he was sitting, and the music obanged to the appealing and the defiant strains cf the mountain scene, with the loving maiden fresh from the innocent village and the dying mother, and Philip again looked round the studio as if some- one had come in without opening the door. Then with a sigh he laid down hie brashes, and staggered rather than walked, into an inner room, that was fitted np as part bed- room part sitting room and drewlng-room, flung himself down before a eruoinx, and prayed with all bis heart for guidance, for aid, and for comfort. When he ross from his knees be returned to the studio and paced to and fro lu a steady, steadfast manner, occasionally running his fingers through his hair, but never pausing until after nearly an hour of this physical and mental exercise-for he was thinking and revolving all manner of ideas about him- self, the pioture, Dolly, and the woman of the opera box-be drew a oouoh before the stove, laid down, and tired in mind and body, drifted into that kind of sleep whiob Diokena speaks of as stealing upon us sometimes, and while it holde the body prisoner does not free the mind from a sense of things about it, but enables it to ramble as it pleases. Philip, resting witb ásense of the happiness that comes with the redresssing of every physical want, wandered off Into more pleasant dreams than those whioh bad hitherto tilled his waking mind. Once more lt eras Dolly at whose feet be reclined on the waters of that oity of the ooean he had longed to visit, and whioh he was now to see ¿sr the first time in loving ootnpany, with blue eyes, that would return hts admiring gan, with soft hands that would respond to the tender proseare ot bis own, nía lore and bera eat to glorious music, and basking in Italian sun- shine. And so the time passed away. The sun had gone down, and tue mists had fallen all over Primrose Hill when he awoxe, bb fire out, aod only a faint glimmer oi the gaslight from without showing him where he waa, the half waking aleep of his first hour having changed into a dreamless time,'ont of wbioh be arose, however, cold, and feeling the prosaic sensations of hunger. At about the same time that hs woke up Diok Chetwynd arrived at the lodge. ..Out " was the answer. .' But . In ' and working," said Chetwynd. *' Well, yes, air," said the porter's wife, " and what we considers a little odd, be have had nothing to eat all day ; not rang his bell for nothing, and oome ever so early." "Sure he has not gone oatt" " Quite sure." " Then I think I might break tb« min and see what he is about, eh ?" "Well, sir, you might, being his most intimate friend, and exonerating me and my hnah&nd.;" " Quite so," uid Dlok, passing through the barrier and going straight to Philip's quarters, wbiob bad a separate porch or passage-way and were espeoially private and secluded, lt was now too dark to ase the legend " Oat " upon the wicket, the gas lamp at the entrance only seeming to oatt the door in darker shadow. '* What the mischief can he be at J" Dick said to himself as he performed a atirring fantasia upon Philip's knocker. The door was almost immediately opened, but the studio was in darkness, every blind down, the only light being a faint gleam from some outside lamp. " Hello 1" said Disk. " What's going on here t" "I don't know, I believe I am," said Philip, " Come in, Chetwynd ; have yon a match ?" " A match, yes. What's the matter t" " Nothing's the matter," said Phillp, " only that I have been to sleep." .'What, all day long?" asked Dlok, lighting a match. " I don't know ; I thick I have, or else been dreaming. It is awfully good of you to oome, old chap." Philip took the matoh from Diok, lighted a lamp, and shivered. "Is it not very cold? What's the time !" " It is very odd, and the time is seven o'clock. You have not dined?" " No," said Philip. " That's right," esid Dlok, " I have not. Come home with me." My mother expects me to dinner." " Ko, «he does not. I hive seen her ; met ber st Martinottt's studio ! sn exhibition of his models for the Garibaldi statue. I told her I Bhould carry you off. But »hat have you been doing, my dear fellow T You are as white as Martinotti'a plaster !" " I have been trying to work," " I expected to find you radiant after what happened last night. I suppose the new impulse it has given to your ambition has set you working too bard to-day T You must not do that. I congratulate yon, my dear boy ; it is a most desirable match in every way." " I hope so," said Philip. " You hope so, yon yoong vagabond 1" said i Dick-he always called him a yoong vaga- bond «hen he liked bim most-" yon know it ia." " She is a sweet girl," said Philip ; " I wish I was worthy of her." Worthy ? Fiddlesticks ! Go now and dress and let ns be off ; voa don't mean to aay you have been here al] day without luncheon, and not even opened your newspapers 1 This will not do, Phil, even when a young man is in love. So you have been working on the sketch, have you ? Humph 1 I don't thiok I should touch it any more ; get at the picture, dear old chap, that's the thing to do now. Aod I have tremendo» news for " Yes, dress, and I'll tell yon oe we go to Dorset-square." Philip lighted another Ump, end went into the next room. " I shall smoko while yon drem." " AU right," said Phillp, " bot come in." "Nb, I shall amuse myself with the gold medal; imagine you carrying it off, and having a silk roperonod the piotnre at Burling- ton House, or at another Gallery we wot ol if yon like." "But what ls tbs news!" asked Philip, now busy dressing. "Great news. Phil; the making ol your picture. 1 shall not tell you until you are dressed." . Philip, now thoroughly aroused, was, airly back again io the everyday world ; he put bis head into the washing bowl, and was soon all aglow, it did not take him ten minutes to dress, and the porter's wile answered the bell with unwonted alacrity. "I have a hansom at the gate," said Dick, wbtn Philip asked the porter's wife to have one ordered. The attendant being gone, "now," said Philip, " what is your newe, Dick t" " Let me help you on with your overcoat ; it's a cold night, bright starlight, fresty ; you moat not get a chill," " Oh, I'm all right," said Phil. " but you do not exactly belong to yourself any more, you know ; yon have to take care, for Dolly's sake." "Very well," replied Phil, just a little im- patiently ; "let me shut the door ; all right, mind the step." Studio lights were burning in the windows, the married quarters of Hymen with the torch looking more cheerful than soy other of the homes of Art. There was a faint perfume of wall-flowers from an adjaoeut window box ; the porter's lodge was radiant with a crack- ling and cheerful fire ; and in the street was a hansom with two white lamps, which were presently dancing along the Albert- road by Primrose Hill and away down Baker-street towards Dorset-square. " And now, Phil," said Dick, turning to his friend, "pull yourself together for the news." "I have been doing that for the last half hour," asid Philip. " 1 have lonna ber. "Great heavens, whom?" exclaimed Phillp ; his heart beating wildly, in spite of himself. "Yoor ghost of Madame Lapokln. Bot more like Cleopatra than Lapukin, I fancy." "Do yon mean the woman I saw at the Opera?" " Who else could I mean ?" " How do you know it is ber ?" "From your description and your por- trait of her. A superb woman I But not half so melancholy as you make out ; and her bair ls chestnut, not red ; a chestnut that will drive you crazy ; great violet eyes set in a colourless face of aesthetic loveliness ; but her mouth ; well, it is the mouth of Clytemnestra !" " It is not the same woman, Dick." " ST es, it is, and to-night you Bhall see her and talk to her, and ask her to sit to you." "And who is she then?" Philip asked, "and why did she appear in Lady March mount's box like a vision and disappear like a dream ?" "You can ask her yourself. I saw ber this morning at tbe Gallery ; and abe le the famous Russian Countess, Olga Stra venaky." "And I thought she might have been a Nihilistic spy, the viotim of some vile con- spiracy," said Phil, in a tone of keen disappointment. " A Russian Countess ! To ssk her to see my sketch would be to insult her : to sit for that suffering angel she has inspired, an outrage. I don't wish to see her." " Oh yes, you do I Here we are." The cab pulled up at one of the nest houses iu the Square, well known in art circles, a home of taste and social geniality. " bho is coming here after dinner ; and I have to thank you for the honour," said Diok, as be turned the latch with his key. " I told her all about you, and abe shall sit for the medal." 