HAUNTED HOUSES. By WILLIAM C. PRESTON. In the long winter evenings when we gather round the cosy fireplace feeling all the more happy and comfortable because we know it is so cold and dreary without those athat has been long uninhabited in (....?....)re few more favorite pastimes than that of telling ghost stories. And strangerly enough, it is often most loved by those who are most in danger of being unserved by it. Most of as, at one time or other have eat by the hearth until the small hours of the morning listening to tales of horror until our hearts have fainted withat has been long uninhabited in (....?....)thin us at the Very prospect of going to be 1 and yet we have that has been long uninhabited in (....?....)been anxious to hear more, and the fascinations of the story have increased in proportion as it has inspired feelings of greater terror. Here are two such stories; one of them remains shrouded in mystery although perhaps, if we did but know it, the explanation would be as simple as in the case of the other. We will give the more mysterious one first. It is recounted in a letter, written by a member of a very distinguished English family. "Sir James, my mother, wthat has been long uninhabited in (....?....)ith myself and my together Charles went abroad towards the end of the year 1756. After trying several different places, we determined to settle at Lille, where we found the masters particularly good, and where we bad also letters of introduction to several of tho best French families. " There Sir James left as, and after passing few days in as uncomfortable lodging, we engaged a nice large family house, which we liked much, which we obtainedthat has been long uninhabited in (....?....) at a very low rent, even for that part of the world. About three weeks after we were established in our new residence, I walked one day with my mother to the bankers, for the purpose of delivering oar letter of credit from Sir Robert Herris, and drawing some money, which, being paid in heavy five franc pieces we found we could not carry, and therefore requested the banker to send, saying " we live in the Place In Lien d' er." Whereupon he looked surprised, and observed that he knew of no home there fit for we,'except, indeed' he added the one that has been long uninhabited in (....?....) of the revenant that walks about. He said this quite seriously and in a natural tame of voice In spite of which we laughed and were quite entertained at the idea of a ghost; but at the same time we begged hdim not to mention the matter to our servants lest they should take any fancies into their heads; and my mother and I resolved to say nothing about it to any one; ' I suppose it is Ike ghost,'said my mother, laugh- ing, that wakes as we so often by walking over our beds.' We had in fact been awakened several nights by a heavy feet, which we sup- posed to be that of one of the man-servants, of whom we had three English and four French; ; of women servants we bad five English, and all to* red won French. The English odddnesthat has been long uninhabited in (....?....), men and women, vtuy oss of them, returned ultim ately to England with us. "A night or two afterwards, twiog again awakened by the step, my mother asked Cress well, 'who slept in the room abort us !' 'No. one, my lady,' Bhe replied, ' It is a large empty garret-' "About a week or ton days after this Cress well ca-ue to my mother, one morning, asd told her that all the French scrranta talked about going away, because there was a menont in the bouse; adding, thtt there seemed to be a straoge story attached to tbe place, which was said, together with some other property, to have belonged to a yonng man, wbose guardian, who was also bis uneie, bad treated him cruelly, and con6ned him in an iron cage ; and as he had subsequently duuppcared, it was conjectured ho had been murdered. This un:lo, after inherit ing tbe property, had Bnddenly quitted tbe bouse, and sold it to tho father of tbe mm of whom we bad hired it. Since that period, though it had been several times let, nobody bad over stayed in it above a week or two ; and, for a considerable time past it had had no tenant at all. "' And do jou really believe all this non senic, Cresswell,' said my mother. " • Well, I don't know my lady,' answered she, ' but then is the iron cage in tbe garret over your bed-room, where you may eoe it if you please.' "Of course we rote to go, and as just at that moment an oil officer, with bis Croii de SL Louis, called ou us, wo invited him to accompwy us, and we ascended together. We found, as Cre-swell bad said, a large empty garrett, with bare brick waits and in tbe further corner of it stood an iron cage such as wild beasts aro kept in, only higher; it waa about fear feet square, and eight in height; and there was an iron ring in the wall at the back to which was attached an old rusty chiin, with a collar fixed to tbe cud of it. I confesi it made ay blood creep, chen I thought of the possibility of any human being having iahabiteJ it. And our old friend expressed as much horror as ourselves assuring us that it must certainly bare been constructed far tome such dreadful purpose. As, howev.r, we were no believers in ghosts, we all agreed tint the noises must proceei from somebo ly who hid an interest in keeping the house empty; and since it was very disagreeable to imagine that there were scent means of entering it by night, we recolrcl as soon as possible to look out for an other residence, and, in the meantime to say nothing ahout the matter to any one. About ton days after th'u determination, my mother observing one morning that Cresswcll, when she came to dress her, looked exceedingly pale and { ill, inquired if aujthinj? was the mitter with her! ' Indeed my lady," answered she, 'we I bave been frightened to death, and neither I nor Mrs. Marsh can deep again in the room we are now io.' ' Well,' returned my mother, ' you shall both come and sleep in tbe little spare room next us; but what his alarmed you!"' "■ Some one, mj lady, went through our room in the night; we both saw the figure, but we both covered our beids with the bed-clothej, and lay in a dreadful fright till morning.' "On hearing tbif, I could not help laoghins/, upon which Greuwell burst into tears; and seeing how nervous she wxs we comforted her by saying that we hai board of a good houic, and that we should very soon abandon our present habitation. "A few nights afterwards, my mother re quested me and Charles to go to her bed-room and fetch ber frame, that sbe might prepare her work for the next day. It was after sapper, and we were aneending tho stairs by the light of a lamp which was always kept barninj, when we saw going op before us a tall thin figure, with hair flowing down bis back, and wearing a loose powdering gown. We both a*, once concluded it was my sister Hannah, and called out: 'It won't do, Hannah, yoa cannot frighten vi. 1 Upon which the figure turned into a recess in the wall; but v there was. nobody there when we passed, we concluded that Hannah hid contrived somehow or other to slip aiay and make her escape by tie back stairs. " On telling this to my mother, however, the said, 'His very odd, for Hannth went to bed with a head aebe before you came in from your walk,' and sure enough, on going to her room, there we found ber fast aOeep ; and Alice, wbo was at work there, assured us that she bad been so for more than to hour. On mentionin; tliis circnmsUnu to Crcsawell, she turned quits pale, and exclaimed that that was precisely the figure she and Marsh bad seen in their bedroom. "About this time my brother Ilrnrj came to spend a few dajs with ut, anl we Rive him a room up another pair ot stairs, at the opposite end of tho house. A morning or two after his arrival, when lie came aakeJ my mother angrily whether the thought ho went t-> liod drunk anl could not put out his oan canjle, tint .he sent these French rascals to watch him. My mother auortd him tliat she bad never thought of doing such a thing ; bat he i«r»Utel in tlte accusation, adding, ' Last night I jumped up and openeJ tie door, aud by the light of tho moon thrcuth th • »ky lisht, I am- a fellow in his loose gown at tfce ' bottom o' tie sUire. If I bad cot Ucn in my I sMit I wouH bate gone after him anl made ! him remember coming to watch me.' ! '• We were now preparing to quit the bonse, htving secured another belonging tia gentleman who was going to spend Mine lime in Italy ; but a few days before our removal it happened that a Mr. and Mr». Atirw, pome Engliih fritn.lj of ours, called, to whom we mentioned towe •tranie circnmiUnow, obwrring how cjtromdy unpleasant it was t« lira in a house that wme boly found mran< of g«ttiog im^ though how they contrived it we oould not discover, nor what their motive could be, except it w«s to frighten us, observing that co one could si* en in the room Marn'i and Cress«cll hid been oblige.! to give up Upon this, Mrs. AUvns huchel heartily, and .aid that she should like of all things to sicep there if my mother wooKl allow her. adding that with her little Urri-r slie should uot U afraid of any gho,t that ever appeared. As my mother ha:l of c ur«e no object.™ to thu fancy of hers. Hr*. A.kjn, requeued her husband to rido home niih the ' groom in ordtr that tie laf.tr might bring htr night th.ngs before the gttes cf the lowa »ero •but, as they wore then residing a HiUc wiy in the cmntry Mr. Atkyt, smiljd. an,l said she was very bold ; but l, e ma do no dillculty, and sent the thm s », . n J hi, wife wi,h h er dop to her room when we retired to ours anpu cntly without tbe least apprehension ' "Whcush.raaie down in the morning we I were immediate y ttruck at wing h« look\ery .11, and on tnnUu 1f..« too had b eeß f rig h? cned, .be ta.,l she bad been awakened in the nicht by something moving in her room, and that by the light of the night lamp «he m» moat distinctly a 6gore, and that tbe dog which was vry spirited, anil flow at everything, never stirred although the bad endeavoured to make him. Wo »a» clearly that ihe bad lieen rcry much alarmed, W'd wk.cn Mr. Atkyns came and «n'le ( voureJ to (lukipite the feeling by prr studios her got quite angry.' We io-M not help thinking tbit she hadactually seen something ; anl uiy motber aiid after »be wmjpmf, that though sbe coßld »«t bring herself to More it was really a ghost, still she ewncsily ii*ped that tie nrght get out of the houso without seeing this figuro which frightened people so much. " We were now within tbrce days of the one Bxed for our removal; I bad been taking a long ride, and being tired, had fallen asleep the moment I lay down, but in ihe middle of tho night I was suddenly awakened, I cannot siy by mhat, for the step over ear heads -we had become «o used to that it no lorgcr disturbed us. Well, I awoke ; I bad been lying wnh my face towards my mother who was asleep beside me, and, as one usually does on awaking, I turned U the other side, where, tbe weather being warm, the curtain of the bed was indrawn, as it ™ also at the foot, and I saw standing by a chest cf drawers which were betwixl me and tbe window, a thin tall figure, in a loose powdering gown, one arm resting on tbe drawers and tbe face turned towards m-. I saw it quite distinctly by the night lifht which burned clearly. It was a lonj, tbin pale joung face with ob 1 aueh a melan choly expression as can never be effaced from my memory. I was certainly very much fright ened, brit my grtit horror »ai lest my motber should awake and see the figure. I turned my head gently towards her and beard her breathing high in a sonnd sleep. Just then tho clock on tho stairs struck four. I dam aay it was nearly an hour before I ventured to look again, and wkm I did take courage to tarn my eye* to wards tbe drawers there wai nothing; yet I bad suit beard the slightest sonnd, though I had been listening with tbe greatest intensity. "As jou may suppose, I never cloned my eyes again, and glad I was when Cresswcll Itnockci at tbe door, as she did every morninj, for we always locked it, and it was my buiinejs to get out of bed and let her in. But on tbU occasion ins'cid of doing so, I called oat, * Co:no in, tbe door is not fastened ; * upon which she answered that it was, and I was obliged to get out of bed and admit her as usual. '' When I told my motber rt»t hid happened, sho was very grateful to ne for not waking ber and commondc-J us nneh for my resolution. She, howtver, ro*oJred «»t to risk another night in the boose, and we got out of it that very tame day, after Instituting, with tbe aid of the aervaais, a thorough search, with a view to ascertain if there was any possible means of getting into the rooms except by the osaal modes of ingress, bnt our search was vain; none could be discovered." Considering the number of people that were in the boose, the fearlessness of the family, and their disinclination to believo in what is cilleJ the supernatural, together with the great interest the owner of this large and handsome residence mint bare bad indunoreripg the trie.-, if there bad bean one—we moat [admit that these extraordinary drenmstanecs aro very diffi cult of explanation. One of the best stories of a haunted house is that of tho royal palace of WooJ«tock, in the year 1019, when the commissioners sent from l/omlon by the Long Parliament to take posses sion of it, and cflacc all the emblems of royalty about it, were fah-ly driven oat by their fear of tbe devil and the annoyances they suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played tho imp to admiration. The commissioner* arrived at Woodstock on the 13tli October, 1049. They took up thfir lodginjs in the late king's apart ments, turned tbe beautiful bedrooms and withdrawinj-rooms into kitchens and sculleries, the council-hull into a brew-hoar-, and m ido the dining-room a place to keep firewood in. They pullsl down all the insignit of royal state, and treated with the utnioit indignity ereiything that recalled to their memory the name of majesty of Charles Stusrt. One Giles Sharp aecompauied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts apparently with tho greatest zaal. He aided them to uproot a noMe old tree, merely bounce it was called tho KinjS Oik, and tossed the fragments into tbe dining-room to nuke cheerfnl fires for tho commissioners. During the fint two days they beard some strange noises about the house, but they paid m great attention to them. On the third, howtver, th«y brgan tosnj. pe:t they had got into bad company; lor they heard, as they thought, a aopernitunl dog nnder their bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On the next day tbe tables anJ choirs began to dance, appareatly of their oxn accord. On the ffth day, something vine into the bedchamber and walked up and down, and fetch ing tbe warming pan out ot tbe witbdrawing room, made to much noise with it that tbey thoujht five church- bells were ringing iv their cars. On the tixtli day, the plates and dishes wcro thrown np and down tbe dining-room. On the taenth day, they penetrated into tho bedroom in company with several Ings of wood, and usurped the toft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the eighth and ninth mitts, thoro was a cessation of hostilities; but on tbe tenth, tho biickain the chimneys became locomotiro and rattled and danced about the floors, and round the heads of tha cotumis&ionera;, all the ni^ht loag. Oil the eleventh the tan away with their clothes, and on the taelfik filled their beds s-) full of pewter-pUtters that tbey could not get into them. On the th irteentlt night, tho glass became unaccountably seized with a fit ot cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of tbe house. On tbe/ourt«nM, there was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery bad boon fired off, and a shower of pebble atones, which so alarmed the commissioners that, " struck with great horror, they cried out to one another for help." Tbey fint of all tried the efficacy of prayers to drive away the spirits; bnt theao proving un availing, they bejan seriouly to reaect whether it would not be much bclt/T to leave tbe pltee altogether to the qmits that inhabited it. They resolved, however, to try a little longer; and having craved forgiveness of all their sins, be took themselves to bed. That night they tlept in tolerable comfort, but it was merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When, on the succeeding night, they heard no noiics, they began to flatter themselves that ths spirit was driven out, and prepared to taVe up their quarters for the whole winter in the l.ilsee. TUos? symptoms on their part becamo the tignal for renewed uproar among the spirits. On the la( A'ortmber they heard something walking with a alow and solemn pace up and down tho withdrawing-room, and immediately afterwardsathowerof stones, bricks, mortar, ami brokenglasspdtedaboiitthaircan. On the kcouJ steps were again heard in the withdrawing-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous bear, vbiok oootinonl for about a qoarfcr of an boar. This noise having oeued, a large wanuinj.pu was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number of stones and the jawbone of a hone. Some of the boldest walked valiantly into the witbdraw ing-room, armed with swords and pistols, but could discover nnthing. They were afraid that night to go to b»d, and fat np, making fires in ever}* room, ar.d burning canJlo and lamps in great abundance ; thinking that, as the spirits loved dark&rsa;, tbey would not disturb a com pany sarroundei) with so much li;bt. They were deceived, however; buckets of w»t«r came down tbe chimneys asd extinguished the fires, an I the eawllts were blown out, they knew not how. Some of tbe servants who had Ixtiken tUtui«!v£* to bed were drenched with patrii | ditch Hltr as they Uy, aad arose in great j fright, e«po»in- to the «cndcring eyes ot the j commissioner* tbcirlin-n all drippinc'with pecn j moisture, and their knuckles ie.l with the blows tht-y had at tie fame time received from aoroe mvisille tormentor. Vvhile ihry were ftiil spiking, tliers was a note like' the londett | ttiunltr, or tho firing of a whole pa* of artil lery. Hue ot tho comniincioncrs a-kisi iv a courageous voice, who ias there and whit tbey had dene Hut they thonld U; so troubled. No answer w», returned, and the uoisea ««id for a wl.ilo. At length, however, v the commissioners *iid, "tho spirit came apiin, and brought with it scico others Morse than itself." Being again in darkness they, lighted a candle and plaMd it in a door.ay, that it mi-ht throw a light upon the two chancre at once ; bnt it was suddenly blown out, Hnd one commissioner a\i be had s«n the similitude of a horses hoof striking the cun.llo and candlestick into the middle of tho dumber, and afterwards making three saapes oo the »nuff to put it onu" Upsn this I the tame person was en bold v to draw bis s»ord; but he asserted positively that he had hardly withdrawn it when an invUibl* hand soiled hold of it and tugged wi-.h him for it, and prevailing, m U5 k lu m ,j ,i .lent a blow with the pcmmtl that he was quite stunned. Tucn ihe noises began again. They were con vinced by this time it was u , e l CS s to strug^e any longer with the powers that fwmed deter mined to make W their o«n. These things happened on Saturday night, ami, being repealed on the Snnday, they detcrmin.d U loive ths pUce and return to London. l!y Taeslly morning cxrly, all their prepafa- tions were completed, and shaking the dust off their feet, finally took their departure. Many years claptel before the true cave of these disturbances was dJnbrcred. ' It was atcertainc' at,the Restoration, that the whole was the workiof GDctSbarp, the trusiy clerk of the commi-'rionersV 'This man wu a concealed royalist, and pawed iiis early life m W ; so be knew every hole and comer of the place, and nnmernus trapdoors and secret passages. Tbe commissioners nover suspecting him placed the utmost reliance upon him ; a confidence which he abused in the manner above detailed, to his own great amusement and that of afew cavaliers whom be let into the secret. 