I ADDRESS ON "THE LAND WE LIVE IN." In the evening, the.Minister in the School of Arts, West Maitland, delivered an address on "The land we live in," with speoial reference to freetrade and federation. There was a very largo gathering, the hall of the institution being crowded in every part, in fact many persons could not get in, and a feature of the gathering was the number of ladies who were present. The meeting was under the auspices of the Freetrade Association, and Mr. R. W. Thompson, the President of the local branch, occupied the chair. Mr. Carruthers was accompanied by the Hon. the Minister of Lands (Mr. J. N. Brunker), Mr. R. Scobie, Mr. J. T. Wilshire, Ms.L, A., and Mr. W. H. Vivian, and they were surrounded on the platform by the leading members of the Association and other gentlemen, some of whom had come along distance to hear Mr. Carruthers. The meeting was a moBt orderly and enthusiastic one. The Chairman, after expressing his pleasure at the presence of so many ladies, said he would not detain them further than to introduce his distin- guished and learned friend Mr. Carruthers, as there might be other speakers. He need scarcely tell them that it was a great honor to them for him to come at such a time, when Parliament had met, and every minute of his time waa of value to his country as well as to himself. He bespoke for him their kind, patient, courteous attention as a man bom of the soil-a native of the colony ¡ one who had raised himself to his present high position hy sheer native talent ; as a stranger, as a Minister of the Crown, and as a gentleman. The Hon. J. H. Carruthers, who was loudly applauded, said he waa assured from what he had heard of audiences assembled in Maitland that he would get not only a fair hearing, but hoped if there were any protectionists in the audience-and he truated there were some-they would go away with food for thought, and that they would reason out the arguments they heard in favour of free trade, and come to the conclusion that commercial freedom was the policy for the land they lived in, as against the flag of restriction that floated over the other colonies. Further, he desired to show how they might have federation and become a nation, and still for the glorious Union Jack to float over all. (Applause.) He did not intend to attack individual men. In referring to the leader of the Opposition, Mr. Dibbs, and the gentlemen who had lately visited them, he would not indi- vidually attack thom. They were good men; but he would attack their principles, be- cause he considered them antagonistic to the best interest of the people. They had lately had a visit from two men from the opposite side of the House and have heard their representations. They hardly required answering, but the interests of free trade, and the interests of the country demanded a few words to show what little value ' was to he attached to the utterances of these gentlemen. He would make a few running com- mentaries on those speeches, and show one or two things. Mr. Brown a week ago said : " Protection- ists are incessantly charged with decrying the fair fame of the colony, but this he unhesitatingly denied, for they only described things as they found them." He would undertake to prove that they not only decried the name of New South Wales but they were rohbing us. The truth demanded that they should put the colony before the world in a truthful light, and to represent it according to the facts. If Mr. Brown and Mr. Fletcher did not decry the fair name of the country the bulk of the protectionists did it. They sought to prove the ruin of New South Wales, and to found their policy on that ruin. Mr. Brown said that the only thing left for New South Wales was the public service-that it was the only service the people could obtain to get bread. The simple answer to that was that the protectionist colony of Victoria had more persons engaged in the civil service than had free trade New South Wales, and they were paid less. In Victoria there were 31,408 civil servants, and in New South Wules 31,221. Though the latter had a larger population by about 5000, they had 200 less people in the public service than Victoria, and she paid tho less number ¡6130,000 more in wages to the fewer men. Mr. Brown further on said : " It was said that if the protectionists were in power they would put an enormous duty on certain articles, and consequently raise prices, but he could assure them that he, and he was sure other protectionists, had no such idea." He would just quote Mr. Fletcher the same even- ing. He said : " It may be true that goods may be a trifle dearer, but as a set-off there was more money in circulation, and consequently more at command to purchase." That was a fair sample of the protectionists all over the world. (Applause). They bad made continual assaults on the colony and would continne to do bo, and a claim was set up for reparation. He would dwell on that later on. Mr. Fletcher said, " Mr. Brown had told them all that could be said about protection and fede- ration in a few words." He (the speaker) thought a great deal more could he said about it. Mr. Fletcher had told them that New South Wales had alienated more land than all the other colo- nies put together; and that they had bor- rowed ¿644,000,000, upon which the people had been been living. The first of these statements was absolutely untrue. It was no use making such a statement to any audience. New South Wales had sold more land than any other colony; but not more than all put together, or anything like it. They had the Minister for Lands, Mr. Brunker, on the platform that night (great applause)-and he could prove it. New South Wales had disposed of 45 or 50 mullen acres and Victoria 35 millions. But he wished to go further. For all Victoria sold the people got ¿81 per acre ; but in New South Wales, before the people got command of the lands, many acres had been sacrificed, to soldiers and officers of the old time, for which the people never got a penny. In Vic- toria the price for every acre went into the Treasury to assist in the Government of the conntry ; while in New South Wales there was hardly a town, city, or village of note in the early days, but which had been surrounded by grants, and the land locked up in the hands of the old families-given away to them without any return to the public exchequer. Mr. Fletcher told them they had borrowed ¿644,000,000 to keep the people. Well, Victoria had borrowed ¿639,000,000, and in a very much shorter existence. In the same speech Mr. Fletcher told them that when he was in office that he actually proposed to construct a number of railways and great public works. His policy was to push on the public works and the railways. But the Upper House threw them all out hut one, and a cry arose from one end of the country to the other. That was his policy when in the Government, to borrow money, but when in opposition it was ruining the colpny. When Sir Henry Parkes took over the Government from the Jennings-Dibbs-Stuart ad- ministration there was a deficit. The previous Government had been in office three years. On going into power the debt was ¿624,000,000 j when they left ¿644,000,000. When they took office there was a surplus of J62,500,000; when they left, a deficit of nearly ¿83,000,000. They had an income of nearly ¿810,000,000 a year. So in the three years they hadspent¿830,O00,C00income, ¿320,000,000 they borrowed, the ¿82,500,000 surplus left them, and left with a deficit of ¿82,500,000. (Applause ) Mr. Fletcher told them that it was said if they had protection it would do away with the shipping trade, and to refute it showed that the shipping of Victoria in 1888 was 4,307,000 tons and that of New South Wales 4,700,000 tonB. But he forgot to tell them that of the first figures half of the ships only made Melbourne a port of call, and their des- tination was Sydney. If they reduced these figures by the mail boats which came on to Sydney they would reduce the figures by fifty per cent, at the present time. (Applause.) Then he said " The question was not how much you have to pay for a thing, or where, or how, but how much remains in your pocket afterwards." That was one of the best pieces of argument he hod ever heard. Anybody would see that there was a very great relation existing between the amount you paid for an article and the amount remaining in your pocket after you had paid. (Applause.) The more they had to pay the storekeeper or other person the less they would have in their pocket-afterwards. Then they were told that to see tho working men little better than slaves waa the solo desire of freetraders. The sole desire of protectionists was to show that the freetraders were men who were desirous of reducing the wages of the working classes. They would remember what Mr. Forsyth, the leading protectionist in Sydney, said when a large number of other manufac- turers waited as a deputation upon Dr. Renwick, a predecessor of his in office. They were protesting against the Factories Bill because of a clause for prohibiting children being worked more than eight hours a day. He said " We can't afford to carry on unless you allow us to work men and ohildren more than eight hours." (Applause.) Did they ever find the protectionists coming forward in aid of the working classes. The protectionist countries, like Germany, Austria, and Belguim, where there was I protection up to the hilt, was where the working men were treated like slaves,and pauper labour existed in every one of them. He would pass away to the real question, which was whether it was worth while to change the policy that had brought them to their present position for another which its experience in other countries showed was followed with bad or doubtful results. There was an old saying that was very appropriate-"It is better to trust the devil you know than the devil you don't know." (Applause.) They knew what freetrade had done for New South Wales ; but they did not know what protection would do for them here. They knew that at the end of the first century of their existence they had raised indus- tries which were as firm and as lucrative both to capitalist and labourer as any known. (Applause.) They had sent away from here, Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, Tasmania, Western Aus- tralia, and they had" established themselves, and had grown to some three millions, and they would compare in prosperity and intelligence with the people in any portion of the world. (Applause.) Whether a man was a freetrader or a protectionist they must know that in those places where there was no love of country it would be impossible to conduct the affairs of Government. That muat be- the bottom of every true function of government. There must be a riBing spirit of patriotism for the land of their birth or adoption over all other lands. They knew that and desired their protectionist friends to take notice of it. If they spoke to an Englishman of his country it roused all the feelings of love in his breast; and as they spoke of the future of it, and the great men it produced and who lived there, they would see his countenance light np with love and delight. (Applause.) If they spoke to a Scotchman of that great land there was the same response. He loved it as much as his first- born child, and he would do again as he had done in the past and shed his blood in the defence of it. (Applause.) If they said anything to arfTrishman against his country he would simply knock them down. (Applause and laughter.) And, coming home to New South Wales, any reference to their country struck a chord that vibrated in their hearts. Yet they had people who stood up on a platform and derided this country : who spoke of the men as lazy gaol-birds; of the women as they had been spoken of at Greta ; the public life was publicly condemned ; and New South Wales waa degraded. The people in New South Wales should nevei sit and allow these shameful things to be branded on their country. New South Wales would never rise as they desired it should till there was a love of the land in which they lived. (Applause.) Above every other question was that of the honor of the country. Too long there had been a desire to get into power, no matter by what means. He was not now speaking as to the rival policies. They had obtained in this land a freedom in the laws, they had a Public Instruction Act of the grandest, and a grand policy of freedom ; and to his dying breath he would endeavour to arouse the people to a sense of honor, devotion, and patriotism that would make men halt before they derided and traduced the colony of New South Wales. Say they : " We have spoken the truth." He did not object to the truth. (Applause.) But they did not get the truth. They heard Victoria praised up as if it was the home of all prosperous people, while they were held up to the world as people of adversity. They never heard the solid truth that there was misery and adversity in Vic- toria the same as there was here. Victoria was lauded up to the skies, and New South Wales was talked down as low as it was pos&ible;, for the purpose of bringing themselves into power. They (free- traders) knew they could afford to have the cloaest scrutiny and to abide by the result. (Applause). What was this policy ? First, then, freetrade policy was natural. It was admitted by Mr. Dibbs at Singleton to be sound in theory. It had only been practically in operation for 40 or 50 years. It was practised by individuals and by communities. It was the right to do with their produce as they pleased. To obtain for their produce the most value, and to spend the results or the returns so as to get the most value for them. The policy of pro- tection was one that sought to restrict them from purchasing where they pleased. To produce an artificial scarcity, and so increase the value, and to make it possible for their manufacturers to pro- duce it at a paying price. Protectionists reject such a policy in practice. No one goes to a shop for an article, if by going round the corner he could get the same article at a shilling less. (Ap- plause). If an article could be purchased cheaper in East Maitland than here he would go to East Maitland for it. Moro than that, they tolked about encouraging native industries ; hut they did not seo these people wearing colonial tweed, colonial boots, or hats. It was not fashionable for some of the swells, and it did not pay. But they ¡would like to force the community to do that which was not geod enough for them- selves as individuals or as a community. It would be an easy thing to have estab- lished a tweed factory if they signed a document to wear nothing but colonial tweed ; or a boot factory, if they undertook to wear nothing but colonial boots made from colonial leather. To do that they would have to pay ; but they wanted to make somebody else pay. It was very likely they had a large balance in the bank ; or a large pro- perty which was untaxed, and they wished to force the taxes on the shoulders of the working man, 60 as to escape themselves. The policy of protection was one which must raise the price of articles ; if not there was no sense in it. No farmer would support protection if he did not think it would raise the price of his produce-that he could seoure a better price than he does now for his goods. The result would be that the consumer would have to pay more for every article that he consumed : for '1' ? . " everything he »te or drank, for his clothes, for hia furniture. Did they think it possible that under such a system they would get more wages than they got now. They knew what Mr. Forsyth did» and what Mr. J. P. Wright says : that the present wages were too high for them to competa with the pauper wages of the old world. He thought the very greatest they could expect was to get the Bame as they got now ; but at the same time their expenses would be heavier. Sup- posing a man got ¿63. On the Saturday night ho would find he would have to poy more for his hat, his boots, his clothes ; the housewives more for their food ; and he would only be able to purchase as much for the ¿S3 as he would for ¿82 103 under free trade. A farmer might get 3d a bushel more for his wheat, or Ss more a ton for biB hay ; but he would find the extra prices he would have to pay more than made up for it. They must have all round protection if they had it at all. (Applause.) It was like a person pouring water from one glass ' into another, and spilling a little each time. A farmer would get more for his produce, but out of that more would go to the commission agent. Then when he came to buy his goods, the storekeeper would want more, and the Government would get a little out of each article. So that when he came to drink there would only he about half as much water in the glaoa as what he started with. The whole was a system of waste. On the Continent all the countries except Switzerland were protected up to the hilt. No one familiar with the people there could say the working classes were better off than those of england. They knew that in Russia, Austria, Prussia, France, and other countries, the working classes were con- vulsed with Nihilism, Socialism, Radicalism, Re publicanism-all trying to burst the fetters which the aristocracy and feudalism had imposed on them by protection. Protectionists told them that they could not compete with pauper labour. Where was the pauper labour but in protectionist coun- tries, such as China and the Continental countries he had mentioned. They wanted them to put a barrier at the Custom House for the purpose of re- straining the importation of foreign produce, hut they did not tell them how they were to prevent the foreign paupers themselves from coming. (Applause.) They could not do it. They might bar German or.Frenchs good by placing upon them 50,100, or 500 per cent, but they could not stop the Germans and Frenchmen themselves. They could not do it in America. They had protection in America. The working men there found that after voting for protection to raise revenue to pay off the debt incurred in the civil war-that was the reason of introducing the high duties-these work- ing men found that with their markets closed against foreign goods for the purpose of bene fitting the manufacturers, when they sought to get fair wages, these very capitalists invited foreign labour by the million to compete with American workmen. (Applause.) They had actually formed a company there, with a eapital of 200,000 dollars, to introduce cheap labour into the country. That had been so successful that the democratic government of President Cleve- land had to pass a law to prevent con- tracts for pauper labour being entered into out of America. In the iron and coal mines of Pennsylvannia the employers, after de- grading their own labour af> low as possible, when it was sought to remedy it, secured Bulgarian, Hun- garian, and other pauper labour, and turned their own countrymen adrift. (Applause.) The result of the policy waa to benefit the rich manufacturers and to render the masses more miserable. In America there were more millionaires than in all other countries. In one suburb of New York there was 64 millionaires in au area of 4 square miles. They knew the leading millionaires of the n orld Jay Gould, Vanderbilt, Spreckels, Silver King, Mackay-these were all Americans, with from 10 to 30 millions each. There were between 100 and 200 millionaires in America, and for 10 in England there were 100 in America. How did they get this money ? It did not come to them in gentle showers from heaven ; hut every million was a million pounds wrung out of the pockets of poor people. At the same time the owners were living in luxury there was in New York alone 40,000 men and women sleeping in the open air, with no covering but the broad canopy of heaven, and with nothing but that given them by a wise God, the breath of life. In- stead of this condition of affairs, with the wealth confined to a handful of men, where of GO millions 59 millions were without the common necessaries of life, and living from hand to mouth, they wanted more of the present condition of affairs in England, where the rich men were gradually becoming poorer and the poor richer. (Applause). They were twitted with the London dock labourers' strike. They had a lot of strikes in America, but could they tell one in which the workmen had %ene fitfced by a shilling increase ? Even the Knights of Labour, comprising a million men, with Henry George at their head, had been defeated, and every combination against the capitalists had been an ignominious failure. Where the dock labourers of England had succeeded the labourers of America had failed, and on the continent at Antwerp a strike took place, not for a price that they ought to get, but for a paltry pittance, not 30 per cent, as much as they were getting, or half of what the mea refused to take in England. The evil in the latter place was that all the land was in the possession of about'100families,andtherestofthecommunitywere deprived of the right to enjoy the land. (Applause.) He then compared Victoria with New South Wales, where there had been 22 years' experience of the different policies. When Victoria started on her policy of protection she had a population of 600,000, and at the same time New South Wales had 400,000. Victoria had 200,000 to the good. Where was she to-day, after 22 years of protection ? If it was such a good policy, she should be a little more ahead. But she waa not even level, but from 5000 to 10,00» behind. We had given Victoria a start of 200,000, and had continued on with a freetrade policy, and every year had gained upon her, and had now passed her in the race of life. There could be no better test of the prosperity, of a country than this of population. Victoria with her great industries had not attracted one-third the immigration that New South Wales had done. Why was that ? The people would not come here unless they thought it better, and would not stay unless the results proved it was better. Then if they looked at the native born population : 50 in the 1000 more had been retained here than in Victoria. The native-horn population had left Victoria to a greater extent than they had New South Wales. Then they found the people talking about the good that de- centralisation would do, and he admitted that io would he a good thing for the country. Let them see decentralisation under protection and free trade. In Victoria, Melbourne the metropolis, had 40 pet cent, of the population, while Sydney, the metropo- lis of New South Wales had only 33, or 7 per cent, less. The population of Melboarne was 437,000, while that of Sydney was 306,000. That showed them that protection tended to lead to centralisa- tion, and the country had to pay the piper. Almost all the factories had heen set up ia Melbourne, atti hardly any in the conntry. When Mr. Dibbs was speaking on this question some one interjected that the increase of population in New South Wales was owing to the Chinese here. The last census showed that Victoria had 12,000 Chinese; Queensland, another protectionist country, 11,000 ; and New South Wales 10,000. So that Victoria, the protec- tionist colony, had 2000 more Chinese than the free trade one. It coat 2è millions yearly to keep up this protectionist system, and the result has been the employment of 702 more men and 4000 more women, for which luxury she had to pay 2J million pounds. He would go further than that, and show that in the woollen, hat and cap, tweed, rope, and a largo number of other industries, in Victoria ton years ago there were 11,000 men employed, while to-day there were only 9900. So that with an increase of duty they had actually 1000 leBs men employed than 10 years ago. The total result was as he had said 702 more men and 4000 more women. He was told that there was a great system of apprentices in operation, and when they became journeymen they were not retained but more apprentices taken in their place. They found many such rivetters, boiler-makers, and others coming to New South Wales and getting work under free trade. They knew that the policy of protection sought to employ female labour. In Victoria there were 4000 more employed than in New South Wales. Henry George told them that women were greatly em- ployed m Massachusetts in the factories there. In New Jersey, the protectionist labour was that of children whose parents had to falsify their ages for them to obtain employment. In Pennsyl- vania the wages were 3s a day and half-clad women .were engaged feeding the furnace fires. The brother of one of the members for Sydney hod told him thot in Germany he had seen women stripped to the waist feeding furnace fires. In the woollen mills of America the number of employe's were 76,000 adult maleB, 66,000 females, and 19,000 children ; so that the women and children employed were more than the number of men. If that was the fact they could well afford to allow Victoria her surplus of protected labour. What they wanted was to be in a position to see the men obtain work, the women to adorn the herne, and the children to go to the public schools. (Applause.) They did not wish to see a state of things described by a writer in America-the men walking about with their hands in their pockets because they could not get work, and looking over the fences watching the women picking small coal, and doing work they should be doing. They did not wish to see that in this land. Now, with reference to farming, Mr. Fletcher had told them that there was only 798,966 acres under cultivation last year. It was worth while being accurate when speaking about your own colony. He waa only 200,000 acres out. It should he 990,298. But they had nearly doubled this year over 1879, when the amount was 613,000, to 1,048,000 acres. In Victoria they had increased proportionately. And he might remind them of this: that South Australia, which ouly started protection three years ago, had 3,000,000 acres under cultivation, as much as Victoria and New South WaleB put together. But since she adopted protection she had lost population, and had only been kept going forward by the assistance of the New South WaleB mines at Broken Hill. He would like to talk to the farmers about the effect protection would have on them. It did not speak well for Victorian farmers to have to come to New South Wales and have to take the same price that the farmers here could get in their own markets. There had been overproduction there and there would he here under protection. They would have internal competition which would be juBt as bad as foreign. In a good season they would be competing among themselves, and in a bad season when they could get no crops like last year -how could protection increase the yield when the season was bad-when they had no returns, they would find protection an additional load for their backs. One protectionist orator, Mr. Day, at Albury, speaking to the German farmers, horrified them by describing the bushels of this and the tons of that produce imported last year, which he said they would have grown under protection. Butprotec would not have enabled them to raise anything. Protectionists, if the folly of their arguments with regard to Victoria were pointed out would turn round and try to make excuses. They said Vic- toria was such a small place you could not compare it with New South Wales ; it was only one-fourth the size and had only existed for one half the time. If they had two hotels in Maitland, one with 100 rooms and another with 25, and only about six lodgers in each, which would be the cheapest to manage. Both would be advertising rooms to let. He thought the larger would be the more expen- sive to keep up, as they would have to keep ser- vants to keep the rooms clean. Which was the more expensive to govern-New South Wales with ita large area, or Victoria with its small area. Both have rooms to let, and could accommodate twenty times the present population. He instanced the more costliness of keeping up telegraphs, rail- ways, police, gaols, and public schools over the vast scattered territory there was in New South Wales in comparison to the closely-Bettled districts in the smaller colony, with its rich soil on the coast line close to markets. Then again they were told that New South Wales had coal mines and ought to go ahead on that account. They forgot the gold mines of Victoria. While New South, Wales had pro- duced ¿836,000,000 worth of gold, the produce ol Victoria had been ¿8222,000,000-an excess of ¿ei86,000j000 which had gone into the wealth of Victoria. Yet in despite of that, and the handicap of 200,000 in population, New South Wales stood to-day the wealthiest and most populous of all the Australian colonies. He quoted the opinion of the American consul, Mr. Griffin, as to the injury that would be likely to accrue if the colony wont back from fretrade. Coming now to speak of native industries, he maintained that the great native industries of the colony were the pastoral, agricultural, and mining. They could not be advanced by protection, but by free and open commerce. He pointed out that in sheep New South Wales had 17 million to Victoria's 11 million 25 years ago. To-day Victoria had still 11 millions and New South Wales had 46 millions. In cattle, Victoria had more cattle 19 years ago, but to-day New South Wales was ahead. In all pas- toral industries she was far away ahead. Last year for the first time New South Wales had passed Victoria in minerals- coal, gold, and silver ; but in agriculture she was 33 per cent, behind. In the total produce lost year she had exceeded Victoria by one million. The question for them to consider was whether they were prepared to supersede a policy under which they had obtained that po- sition to experiment with another that had not proved so successful in other countries. He ?wished now to say a few words on the question of federation. (Applause.) It had been said by the protectionists, by one section of them, that they would oppose federation until they had had some years of intercolonial protection. After ten years of intercolonial protection they could federate. That was that in ten years time they could be brothers as AustraUans, after fighting each other with bitter animosities, »ad a retaliatory war through the Custom Home. That would fit them to unite as brothers and friends in the spirit of federation. He thought the time had g.ne by quite long enough for them to be separate. That it was quite possible in the dim future, if their differences were allowed to go on as now, ittBtead of being brother Australians combined in a nation, they might bo found fighting among them-1 selves for supremacy. It waa quite possible that people engaged in fighting with Custom House taxea, stopping intercourse, and raising strong national animosities-it was quite possible they might fan the Bmouldering flame, and instead of grasping each other's hands as brothers, have the introduction of feuds as in older countries. They should federate on the broad principles of liberty, equality, and fraternity. Let everything be put forward in a fair spirit. Every- thing in the way of retaliation would he so much obstruction to the national welfare of the people. Mr. Dibbs at Singleton, Mr. Brown at Maitland, Mr. Fletcher at Maitland, and others had spoken of federation ob being the forerunner or the concomit- ant of separation from the old country. (No.) He had no fear of speaking out on this matter. The oath which they had all taken as members of the House, which he had taken as a Minister, if for that alone that was sufficient reason for his speaking there to keep unbroken the silken cord of love and friendship which bound them to the greatest nation of the world. (Applause). He was as proud of his country and as patriotic as any man in Australia. At the same time he was proud of that grand empire, whose boast it was that it led in the van of civilisation, that it seized the opportunity to do all the good possible for the amelioration of mankind ; that it raised its hand to free the slave-of that grand old nation Great Britain. (Continued ap- plause.) Why should they leBsen the connection ? What was the cost to thera? Nothing but the paltry salary of Lord Carrington, who spent in the colony ten times as much as the colony paid to him. (Applause.) What did they gain? Their produce was protected by her dogs of war. Their ports were protected, and for every penny they spent to keep up the connection England spent ¿6100 in the protection of these colonies. What else did they gain ? They gained the asso- ciations of that grand country, and belonged to the , nation of Britain, and were inheritors of the glories of such writers as Shakspeare and Milton-those grand classical writers who had raised the nation in the intelligence of the world. They were inspired by the deeds of such warriors aB Welling- ton and Nelson, and statesmen as Gladstone. (Applause.) Those feelings would raise them up to be better men and women. They were par- takers of the glorious heritage of philanthropists such as Gordon and Livingstone, and numerous other grand men and women who had helped to raise up the glory and pride of Anglo- Saxons in the world. Englishmen were not ashamed of their country, and no New South Welshmen should be ashamed to continue in the brotherhood »f that nation. It was very well for disloyal men to want to cut the painter, to turn their ports against her, and then perhaps to turn their hands against her. They would find that there were thousands there who loved the old land too well to allow any dis- loyal section in the colony to act so. (Applause.) He did not believe in cring- ing to the old country, or to her state- ment ; but he believed in raising up a national existence that would be felt as a strong and wealthy one, that would be hereafter ready to join in a grand federation of Anglo-Saxons. Feder- ation among the colonies was one of the steps to that. It would give them intercolonial freetrade ; more than that, it would give them freetrade with the world. (Applause.) There should be federa- tion among Australians; instead of their petty differences there should be a common bond of brotherhood. If the colonies stood shoulder to shoulder, they would be stronger in the future, and would achieve more easily the destiny of Aus- tralia. Mr. Dibbs, Mr. Fletcher, and Mr. Chanter, three members of the late Administration had spoken last month on a subject on which he now spoke for the first time on a platform in New South Wales. He had always refrained from touching upon the sectarian question, and he was not intro- ducing it now for an improper motive. He was one of those who had always refused to fight in politics on sectarian grounds, and he had never let differences of creed interfere with the administra- tion of his department. It was a good thing to let sleeping dogs lie. If they did not wish the sectarian ory raised why did they not keep silent. What reason had they for dangling before them this old Dibbs' ghost. (Applause.) He believed it was simply to warn the electors of who they were and what their opponents were. Mr. Dibbs had raised the question in the last election at the Murrumbidgee, and when he did others fol- lowed. As honest men they should all try and crush out sectarian animosities when it was sought to intrude them into politics to overcloud the great issue before the people. (Applause.) They should fight to stand by the flag of freedom, which had been flying over this colony for 100 years, and which had brought it to its present proud destiny. They were juBt 100 years old. Having a commencement in chains and slavery, with all the degradation of a convict settlement, and everything that tended to bring confusion and to retard progress and pros- perity, they had built up in their first century, overcoming every difficulty, a race of free men in Australia, and had achieved a prosperous founda- tion for a nationality that was a credit to them and the marvel of the world. They had one of the best systems of instruction, by which every child in the land might obtain an education equal to that obtained by those anywhere. (Applause.) More than that, they had fewer paupers ; fewer criminals almost than in any country; and more iespect ability, prosperity, and contentment was tobe found in this land than they would find almost in any land which God's sun shone upon. (Applause.) In industrial pursuits they had carved out a prosperous career, and they wore now the brightest gem in the British crown and the Queen of the Southern Seas. They had achieved all this with a policy of commercial freedom, and he trusted they would remain free men in a free land, with the freetrade flag floating over New South Wales, not merely now, but forever, and that it would prove the glory of her existence. (Con- tinued applause.) Mr. R. A. Youno, who was applauded, proposed a hearty vote of thanks for the able, eloquent, interesting, and characteristic speech of Mr. Car- ruthers. They felt proud of him 'as an Australian, as one who, in 10 years since leaving one of their public schools, had by energy and perseverance raised himself to his present honourable position. He was one of the best answers they could give to the question : What can we do with our boys ? Mr. John Pearse seconded the motion and im- pressed on all the duty of fighting honestly and especially not to seek to win the battle by decrying their own colony. Mr. W. H. Vivian, in response to calls, said he did not quite understand why he should have the honour of addressing that large audience of the third largest town in New South Wales. He did not know whether he had to speak in Bupport of the vote to Mr. Carruthers or not. He was not quite a stranger to them. He had been referred to as having been defeated by Mr. Stevenson : he would rather be defeated as a free- trader than get into Parliament as a protectionist. Though a student of political economy, he always learnt something from the utterances of the leaders of freetrade. He congratulated the meeting and the country in having in their Ministry a man like Mr. Carruthers. He referred to the late freetrade conference in Sydney, and how the noisy protec- tionist» had been silenced there by the determina- tion shown by the freetraders to suppress the disturbances, and said they were now as determined to suppress protection itself from again raising its head in New South Wales. Protectionists spoke of federation and twitted them with being a stumbling block against it, and described themselves as a party of peace, truth, and honour. Was there any peace in the party which, when they now held out the olive branch, wanted international war ? Was there any truth when Mr. Dibbs advocated one thing and Mr. Barton another ? Was there any honour in a party which included mea like the member for West Macquarie, Mr. Crick ? (Ap plause.) The freetraders claimed those three virtues for themselves. (Applause.) He expressed the pleasure he had felt in the visit that afternoon to their public schools, and contended that the well dressedchildren were alivingrefutation of thepolicy of the protectionists ; they proved that the people of the colony were in receipt of high wages and pros- perous ; if the men of the country were starving and filling their gaols they would not have the time, money, or inclination to marry and raise up such families. (Applause and laughter.) He compared the protectionists to petted children, who threw aside the gifts offered them by their parents, and at last were the recipients of a sound whipping. The freetraders had unfortunately given them ad valorem duties, but they were not satisfied ; they had offered them federation, but they pettishly threw it aside, and it would end in their giving them a jolly good whipping. (Applause and laughter.) In response to humerons calls the Hon. J. N. Brunker rose amidst great applause. He re- gretted that he had been called upon to address them, as he did not feel quite equal to the task or to possess the energy essential in coming before so large an audience, after the able and forcible ad- dress delivered by his able colleague, colonist, and Australian, Mr. Carruthers. It was unnecessary for him to detain them with any remarks. It was a source of gratification to him (Mr. Brunker) asan Australian, and he congratulated them on the stand taken that night. It showed that they believed in their native country. He hoped as time ad vanced they would find many more such men comingg forward, and then they need not fear that protection or any- thing else would detract from their prosperity. He was a consistent advocate of free trade. His advocacy of it was not, they should remember, from a knowledge of the ontside world. It was not from a knowledge gained in the outside world that he advocated that policy, but be would deal with it from the advancement and progress made in New South WaleB. He could go further and point to many gentlemen before him as beneficial examples of the cause in this colony which stood in the front of the countries of the world. He knew that it possessed advantages unexampled in Australia, or by any other colony in the British dominion All they had to do was to utilise those benefits to the fullest extent by improving their natural advantages and exchanging them with the bounties of other lands. They should ever remember that The band of commerce was designed To associate all the branches of mankind ; And if a boundless plenty be the robe, Trade is the golden girdle of the globe. Wise to promote whatever end He means, God opens Iruitfut Nature's various eceneB ; Eaoh climate needs what other climes produce, And offers something for the general use It was by working such a policy as that that they were enabled to attain to the position they occu- pied. It was only necessary for him to point to the progress of their own district and the pros- perity in theic own lives, and to state the principles under which they had attained to that result. His object would be achieved by showing that it had been to the great benefit of the people. The future of Australia was boundless, and they should en- deavour to do the best they could to advance the principles of freedom, because they believed they were right, and he hoped they would be maintained by the people of the country, and then they would have no need to fear the result. While holding those opinions if there wore any there who advocated protection they had just as much right to hold and to express their views as he as a freetrader had. He spoke with an experience that few of them pos- sessed of the resources of that magnificent colony. ' Anything which tended to destroy their commercial relations or to restrict their commerce in the mar- kets they had would also be detrimental to their progress and prosperity. They wanted nothing , more than to compare themselves with the other I colonies, as shown by Mr. Coghlan, the statistician, to induce them to see themselves in their true light : that they were unequalled in wealth by any colony in Australia. If they followed it up and compared those figures with those of the States- man's Year Book they would find that the indi- vidual wealth of every man in Australia was greater than the individual wealth of any man in the world. He would not detain them. Mr. Carruthers had visited the town at his request. He hoped he would receive some pleasure from the visit of a few days and that they had received some advantage, Very many valuable hints had been given them. Whatever some of them might think, Mr. Car- ruthers in what he said was perfectly sincere. Ho believed he was right-right in the interests of the country, right in their interests. He hopad their prosperity would continue, a prosperity that was second to none in any country in the world. (The whole of Mr. Brunker's speech was punctuated with applause.) ' The vote was carried with acclamation amidst great enthusiasm. Mr. Carruthers in thanking them expressed the pleasure he had received from his visit which had been at the instance of Mr. Brunker and Mr. Thompson (applause.) He did not come beeause he feared that freetrade was in danger, but to let their protectionist friends see that they would fight for it throughout New South Wales and win. That victory would not be obtained by any unpatriotic utterances. He stood before them as a proof of what any public school boy could accomplish. He had had no adventitious advantages. He had had to fight the battle of life with no other aid from his parents than a good education and a fair name, and had done so with energy and determination. Honour and shame from no condition rise. Act well your part : there all the honour lie«. The proceedings closed with cheers for the Queen, for the Chairman, Mr. Thompson, and for Mr. Brunker. 