Herr Max Schiller; A BOARDING-HOUSE GHOST STORY. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] CHAPTER I. BY J.F. The day that brought Herr Max Schiller to look at apartments in that Urge boarding establishment situate in B-road, Darlinghurst, Sydney, of which I am proprietress, is as fresh in my memory as the events of laat week. It was the morning of Christmas Day, 1838. Breakfast had takeu place amid a languid iuter chango of the compliments of the season on the part of the boarders, who, that meal concluded, promptly dispersed—the few to get ready for church, the many to ' laze' away the forenoon on the verauda and baloonios; for the thermometer registered llOdeg. in tho ehado, consequently the dolce far niente was with the majority of my guests the programme for the day. Now, as I am Euglish boru aud brod, it follows that the Feast of tho Nativity should be commemorated by me in good old church-going fashion; ac cordiugly at half-past 10, having assumed my bonnet, I was in the act of passing through the hall, prayer-book in hand, when the ringing of the door-Dsll arrested my step 3. 'A gentleman in the drawing-room, jKi'atn, wauts to kuow if you've any apartments to let,' Bridget auuouuced. The gentleman rose as I onterod, and bowing low inquired iti oxcolleut English, but speaking with a marked foreign accent, if I were the land lady. Set at ease on this scoro he next asked to be shown some rooms, politely Apologising—-here he glanced regretfully at my bonnet aud prayer book—for oncroachiug on Mudame's valuable) time. Sooth to say I had montally anathematised the stranger for timiug his visit so inconveniently, but the words and manner of Herr Max Schiller —he had handed me his card—wore calculated as schoolboys say 'to softeu the hoart of a wheel barrow.' Moreover he looked so debonnair and handsome that ho was forgiven once aud for all his termination of my intended church-going. I told him so frankly, and, this knotty point settled, we weut upstairs. The two or threo vacant rooms were duly in spected by the stranger, who, after carefully weighing the advautagas and disadvantage* of each, fixed eventually on a bright little triangular apartment at the top of the house furnished as a bed aud sitting room. ' I play the«iolin,' he ex plained, ' and here I shall be ablo to practise without setting on edge the teeth of Madame's bDardors.' And Horr Max laughed pleasantly. Apparently about six-and-thirty, the new boarder was slightly above the middle height, broad-shouldered, aud well set up. His features were regular, his eyes large and dreamy, aud in colour of the deepest imaginable blue. A fair moustache only partially hid his well-cut mouth, and his closely cropped curly hair shone like gold in the sunlight. Taking him all round, Herr Max Schiller in his black velvet suit, picturesque turn down collar, and loosely-knotted tie looked as handsome as the typical prince of fairy-lore. And Prince Charming he was straightway dubbed on makiughUdebutinthodrawing- roomthatevening. There happened to be but few gentlemen iv the house about this time, a state of matters which undoubtedly emphasised the welcome accorded the attractive foreigner by the ladies, both old and young. Nor cud he appear to be bored by his femiuiue admirers. Treated an grand seigneur, he filled the position assigned him as to the manner born, and before the evening was out had won golden opinions from every woman in the room. A Qalician by birth, our Prince Charming was half Austrian, half Slav, a parentage of which he was not a littlo proud. But for all his pride of race he had a very modest opinion of himself. It was by mere chance we got to know of his doughty deeds in the Franco-Prussian War. We had all noted a certain deep-red scar 3in. or 4in. -in length on his left wrist, and the question was put to him at dinner one evening by the fairest and youngest of the company how he had come by such an ugly wound. ' Ah! mademoiselle.' he •aid, hastily pulling his cuff over the unsightly cicatrice, * that was done in 1870.' He was a lad of sixteen, he went on to explain, when war wot declared betweeu France ana Germany. His sym pathies, howevor, young a3 he was, were all on the French side. Two of his uncles had fallen at Sadowa, aud tho tete* cirres (square-heads), as Herr Max scornfully termed the Prussians, were therefore hateful in his boyish eyes. It ended in the lad running away from home, and, reaching France more by good luck than good manage ment, he enlisted in the Franc- Tireurt; his reck less daring speedily winning him a commission in that corps of plucky irregulars. The wound ou his wrist was inflicted during a hand-to-hand fight with a tall sergeant of Uhlans. <But>' said Herr Max, ' the tall sergeant did not live to return to the Yaterland; I ran him through the heart' There was silence for a moment, then the ci devant Franc-Tireiir laughed lightly. *Do not look to shocked, met amies,' he cried, * it was the fortunes of war.' Some little time elapsed «re Prince Charming could be induced to bring his violin downstairs. He practised regularly, greatly to the delight of an invalid lady who occupied the room below his, and who was wout to declare she had never heard such wonderful music. But his reluctance to play in the drawing-room was fiually overcome by the reproaches of a musical old lady—she was dying to accompany him on the pianoforte—and, the ice once broken, he played for us almost every evening. ' Herr Max Schiller's fiddle speaks to the heart.' Such was tho dictum of a sad-faced widow whose eyes overflowed on heariug his sympathetic renderiug of «Weber's Last Valse.' 'Butitii better to laugh than to cry, chert madame,* softly spoke the musician, and he forthwith struck up ' Killaloo,' playing the jig with such verve as set our moat distinguished inmate, an M.P. of Hibernian extraction, wildly .capering. Prince Charming's object was gained, tho widow's tears were turned into laughter, and the enthusiastic dancer after a prolonged display of agility col lapsed on the nearest chair, declaring breath lessly that Herr Max Schiller deserved to ' Wear the Ureon.' Talking music became quite the fashion with us in consequence of the advent of this entertaining foreigner. He seemed to havo heard everything worth hearing during the last fifteen years, and held very independent opinions regarding the relative merits of the great musicians of tho day. His vivid portraiture of Der Meisier, as he revorentlv termed Liszt, and of tho old-world town and court of Weimar, tho chosen retreat of that lately doceased composer, interested every body—Reinenyi he scornfully called a charlatan —but over the name ofWilhelmj he lingered lovingly, for Wilhelmj he maintained was of all living mmioians the truest to his art. ' A Bayard , among minstrels is our Wilhelmj,' quoth Prince Charming, his face ail aglow with generous ' enthusiasm—' and I have heard him say that of this beautiful Sydney of jours he had none bat pleasant recollection!. He would return some day, he said,' aud handsome Herr Max fairly beamed at the thought of greeting his friend under tho Southern Cross. 'Now a well-looking man Hire our Prince Cnarmiug, brave, musical, and a conversationalist of no mean order, is confessedly a rara avu. That curiosity concerning him and his affairs should be rite is, then, a foregone conclusion. Who was ho? Wliat were his plans ? Those and similar quostions were freely discussed by the elder ladies when tho subject of them was out of earshot, and if their younger sisters did not openly avow so vivid an interest in the prepossessing stranger it was shrewdly suspected they thought all the more. Be that as it may, the Austrian showed not the slightest disposition to take eithor his senior or junior laly friends into his con fidence, until that happened which brought about tho much longed for solution of tho vexed ques tion—i.e., the rahon d'etre of Prince Charming's migration to the Antipodes. The English mail was in, and that portion of it appertaining to tho houso had been punctually delivered by tho postmau. Home letters are to ma like angels' visits—few and far between; but this day I had received one and was doep in the perusal of it in the privacy of my sitting- room when a gentle tap came to the door, and in answer to my ' come in' the Austrian entered, a letter coverod with foreign stamps in his hand. 'Am I intruding Vhe asked, with a deprecating look at the open letter befora me. ' Not at all,' I said, aud as ne closed the door and took a chair, ' I hope you havo had no bad news, Herr Max.* •On the contrary,' smiling all over his hand some face, ' I have the very oest of news to com municate if Madame will but lend her ear.' Hero he paused for a moment with downcast glance, then jerking up his chin and turning his bine eyes full upon me said, indicating his letter: 'This is from my fiancee, Pauline Novikoff, and it has made me the happiest man in tho world.' I held out my hand, which, somewhat to my confusion, he pressed to hi* lips—' I thank you/ he said simply, adding, ' but perhaps it will bora Madame if I talk of my Pauline.' On the contrary I felt proud to be mad* his confidante, I honestly assured him. 'Then Madame must first see mem liebcbm % and afterwards the loves of Pauline and Max shall be recounted to her.' S3 saying this ardent lover drew from his breast pocket a leather case which he opened and handed to me. It contained the miniature of a girl of eighteen or nineteen, and I do not think I ever looked upon a lovelier face than that of Pauline Novikoff. Like Prince Charming's her hair was golden, her eyes blue, but the dreamy expression habitual to Herr Max was vainly sought for in the frank laughter-loving eyos of his fiancee. 'She is very beautiful,' I exclaimed, for the fair face looking out from the leather case hud taken me by storm. 'And she is as good as she is beautiful,* declared Herr Max rapturously. Then he kissed and closod the miniature, slid it into his pocket, buttoned up his coat—and—' She is worth waiting for, my beautiful darling, is she not ?' he askod proudly, raising a radiant face to mine. ' Yes, if you are to win her in the end, but'—— •If—there are no ifs; she is already won,'fae interrupted impetuously. 'A born aristocrat, Pauline has given her heart to me, Max Schiller, a man of the people. What would you more, Madame?' •That the wedding-day was fixed,' I said banteringly. His face fell. 'That is the cruel part of the affair,' ho sighed. • Paulino, dear child, holds me nobler than the Kaiser, but her relatives ore not of hermiud. They say, "Shall we marry our high-born and lovely Paulino to this beggarly son of a Galician peasant r" Then too, there is the religious difficulty. Mademoiselle Novikoff is of the Greek Church, and I—l am a Catholic' ' Is tho difficulty insurmountable ?' I inquired dryly. * 'Not so, Madame. Pauline is willing, nay eager, to bo •' received;" but her relatives, they are furious. They will not hear of her marrying a Catholic and a parvenu. I am not worthy of my Pauline,' he continued humbly. ' But I lore her, and, although peasant- born, I am not afraid for her happiness should she become my wife.' Aud Prince Charming stood erect, looking every iuch the patrician, without tho patent of nobility. • Come,' I said,' tell me how you made Made moiielle Novikoff's acquaintance.' Herr Max at once resumed his seat, and, holding me with those large dreamy blue eyes of his, straightway plunged into a relation of the romance of his life. The only son of a well-to-do peasant proprietor, he had evinced a talent for music at an early age; and his parents, whose highest ambition it was to see their little lad organist ot the church in which he was christened, wisely fostered his childish preference for the musical profession. The posi tion coveted for the boy-musician was attained by him in his fourteenth year, and retained until the outbreak of the Frauco-Prussian War when, as has been already stated, he turned his back on his native village to join the I"rane- Tirenrt in the cause of la belli France. On his return, after the war was over, he found a new organist installed, a fact that decided him on taking up the violin, to which he henceforth de voted all his time and attention, and it was his proficiency in tho manipulation of this instrument that eventually gained him the appointment of first violin in one of the leading theatres in Vienna, a situation which ha filled uutil some ten months ago. Then ho met his fate in tho person of Pauline Novikoff, tJ«e uieco and adopted daughter of a noblo Russian lady. Now Madaraoiselle Novikoff took it into her pretty head to learn to play the violin, and her aunt, who had hoard a good report of Heir Max, offered him tbe post of music master to her niece. The acceptance of this billet necessitated the termina tion of liis theatric U engagement, as Madame Novikoff had made up her mind to secure the services of a resident master for her adopted daughter; but the beatific vision of Pauline as he had frequontly Been her driving in the Prater so possessed the imagination of the first violin that he did not hesitate for a moment. His connection with the theatre was promptly severed, aud he becamo an inmate of the Novikoff household. Then an event happened on which his patroness had not reckoned. Pauline aud Max fell in lovo, nor when reasoned with would they admit tho enormity of their offence: • Society will disown you,' said poor Madame Novikoff to her quixotic niece, 'if you persist in marrying this handsome parvenu.1' 4 Max is no partww, nor do I care 8 jot for society,' retorted tho girl passionately. However, on relating wnat had passed to her lover, ho said abruptly : ' Do you love the parvenu well enough, Pauline, to leave friends and father land for his sake aud begin a new life with Mar Schiller in the far away land of Australia ?' De mocracy flourished at the Antipodes, he procoeded to explain, and it mattered little in the great Southern Land whether a man was the son of prince or peasant, his chance of success in either ease being equal so long as he wa3 an upright aud honourable man. •Then we will go to Australia,', declared Pauline, though on further consideration of her lover's proposition she was reluctantly won over to his views on the subject. He was to go alone to that distant land and prepare a homo for his bride, returning to fetch her when all things were ready. The sale of his patrimony—his parents were both dead—mado this plan feasible, as it enabled him to land in Sydney with a considerable sum of ready money. How this money was to bo invested he had not yet determined. He wished to learn something of the manner in which business was conducted in the colonies before risking his small f ortuno in any speculation however tempting. At the same time the letter ho had that day received from his fiancee full of fond imaginings concern ing their future home made him anxious to arrange his money matters as speedily as possible. An engagement at one of the thoatres in town had been offered him, he said, but he could not make up his mind to take it until tho investment question was satisfactorily settled. ' However, I will do nothing rash,* Madame,' he concluded. •For Pauline's Bake I must be wary.' •Herr Max,' I said jokingly, 'you know the proverb, " He that hesitates is* lost."' His eyes twinkled, and he laughed merrily. •It is a wise saying, Madame, and "jumps with my humour," as writes your great Shakspeare.' And Prince Charming, with a gay adieu, ran up stairs to his room, from which the 'Wedding Mareh''shorfly rang ont jifbilautly. ' HcVr Max is anticipating what he expects to 03 the proudest hour in his life,' I thought, and immediately re lumed the perusal of tint neglected homebudgot. CIIAITEB 11. I think it must havo been about a weok after he received Pauline's letter that wo first observed s Change for the worse in Prince Oharuiing's ap pearance. He neither ate nor drank, and, all his brightness gone, went moping round the house looking the picture of misery. Cook vainly triad her best to tempt his failing appetite witn cun ningly concocted delicacies, until, seriously alarmed, I iusisted on sending for a doctor. *Low fever' was the decision of the physician, and he there and then wrote out a prescription, at the same time enjoiuing on his patient a strict attention to diet. 'Do as I tell you, Herr Schiller, and you will be as right as the bank in a week's time,', said genial Dr. V . But neithor the pre scription, over which he pulled wry faces, nor the meagre fare to which he was restricted made any improvement in Prince Charming'a health. On tho contrary, he grew weaker and weaker, and more despondent. His violin was laid aside, 'for,' said he, smiling sadly, 'I cannot make music, being, as 1 am, out of tune.' Yet a week later, on a certain Friday evening, he essayed to play the * Wedding March.' I was on the stairs when I heard the familiar strains; he was play ing in his room, and the door was open. ' Herr Max must be feeling better,' I thought, and stopped to listen. Suddenly there seemed a change in the measure, and the melancholy notes of Mozart's Requiem floated down to me. Then followed a crash; the violin strings were brokeu. • Ach Himmel!' exclaimed the musician, 'I shall never play again.' The words went to my heirt, bringing a foreboding with them, but, im patiently shaking oft this unpleasant sensation, 1 knocked at his door. ' Enter,' said a brokeu voice, and in I went, a basin of beef-tea for the invalid in my hand. The sick musician was leaning, his face buried in his bauds, on a small ebony davenport that a soldier brother of mine had sent years before from India. * I have brought you some beef-tea, Herr Max,' I said, * and cook vows she will break her heart if you don't drink it.' He raised his head and tried to smile. • You are most kiud, and cook she is a Christiau soul.' Then speaking rapidly he went on,' But Madame must think me a paltroon, yet I am not playing Le Malade Imagwaire. Howover, I have resolved what to do. To-morrow I shall make arrange ments to be received iuto the hospital of St. Vincent. It is disagreeable, but it is necessary.' *We shall miss you sadly,' I said with honest regret. 'Not half so much as I will miss you. clear Madame, and the kind ladies downstairs,' he re plied wistfully. ♦Well,' I said, «you must hurry up nnd get strong. Wo can't sparo our Prince Charming.' He smiled and bushed—a trick of his. 'I do not deserve that romantic name,' he said. ' How ever, my sojourn at the hospital shall be spent in planning how to merit it. 'But please tell cook,' for I was leaving the room, • that I will not fail to drink her delicious beef-tea.' Herr Max drove down to St. Vincent's next morning, returning in an hour looking flushed and excited. ' The nun laughed when I asked to be admitted,'he told us. '"You au invalid," said she, " Pouf! you will not call yourself such at the end of three days." It is in my mind,' lie continued, attempting to joke, ' that perhaps after all Le Malade Imaginaire may be my rGle.' Nobody volunteered to endorse this last assertion. Indeed, the musical old lady, who was contradic tory by nature, went so far us to stigiuatiso the nun as a ' papistical iguoraraus.' •Madame is hard on la pauvre refiauuse,' laughed Pxince Charming. Then ho shook hands all rouud. *My kind friends must not come to see me,' said ho, for, Si le boa Dlcn le vent (if the good God wills it so) I will return in a very few days.' With those words Herr Max got into his cab and drove off waving his hat to us until the bend of the street hid him from view. ♦Few days, quotha!' sniffed the musical old lady from behind her handkerchief. 'Those papistical minxes can't nurse, not they. They'll send the poor dear young man to tho Happy Land, that they will.' Aud having uttered this dismal prophecy the musical old lady retired to her room. The heat during the next week became altogether unbearable, and this rise iv the tem perature half- emptied the house. The Melbourne exhibition was then in full swing, consequently hot dusty Syduey sent its thousands over the border to swell the throng of pleasure seekers iv Victoria's cooler capital. This exodus was, however, almost immediately compensated for by a host of new arrivals from the country, and in the bustle attending their reception and othor matters of domestic economy poor Prince Charming was temporarily forgotten. Even hal he not expressed a wish to be let alone I could hardly havo made time to see him, so busy was I. Nevertheless my heart smote me on being in formed by the cook one Friday morning, about ten days after he left us, that a boy from the hospital had called before breakfast with a mes sage from Herr Max Schiller requesting * Madame' to come to him at her earliest con venience. Notwithstanding my anxiety to set out at once, I was unavoidably detained until 11 o'clock by an important business engagement; then, putting my best foot foremost, I hurried off to St. Vincent's. Arrived there the number and loca tion of Herr Schiller's room was readily learnt, and in a Very short time I had mounted the wide staircase, traversed a long corridor, and was knocking gently at the sick man's door. 'Is it Madame':" asked a weak voice from within. Answering in the affirmative I turned the handle, entered, and closed the door softly behind me. It was a bare littlo room. A couple of chain, a table covered with medicine-bottles, and a small iron bedstead comprised the furniture. Instinctively I took in these details, but my eves all the time wero fixed on the wav face of the occupant of the bod. What a change was there! Our handsome Prince Charming had literally wasted away to a perfect skeleton. I must have looked as I felt inexpressibly shocked, for, with a despairing gesture he covered his poor white face with one thin hand, exclaimiugas I took the other between mine,—' Pour I'amour do Dieu (for the love of God), Madume, do not regard me in that dreadful manner. I know lam frightful to look upon,' he continued hoarsely, 'but I have the doctor's assuranco that the worst is over, aud he encourages me to hope that I shall be strong enough to return home in the course of a week. Home! iudeed. It appeared to me that tho speaker was already on the border-land of that • Dourne from which no traveller returns.' However, if there was a lump in my throat I swallowed it quickly and spoke cheerfully of that future home-coming; he listening tho whilo, his face hidden in the sleevo of his dressing-gown. 4 Yes,' he sighed by-and-by, audhisvoico sounded far, far away, 'I was happy whou with Madame. To Pauline I have made known all her kindness. My poor Pauline!' Aud his chest heaved con vulsively. 'Would you like me to write to Mademoiselle Novikoff?' I broke in hastily, wishful to create a diversion. 'Not yet,' ho re turned faintly. 'But, if I die, then perhaps Madame would send.' Here ho was interrupted by a distressing fit of coughing. •It may not be,' he gasped; 'the confidence »I intended making Madame must be deferred until I am—stronger.' Taking this as as a dismissal I roso to go. 4 Remember, 1 I said earnestly,' you have but to send and I will come at once. I kept you waiting to-day, but that shall never occur again.' 'Never again? Then I am content. Adieu, dear madarae.' As he spoke he uncovered his face, and just for a moment his eyes met miue. They had never apDeared more beautiful, those big sorrowful blutf orbs, yet there was a questioning look in them that puzzled me, though what it meant is to this day an unsolved problem. •Adieu,' I said, repeating the word mechani cally after him. I wanted to say something cheerful, but my tongue clove to tho roof of my mouth. For, with those wistful eyes upon me, I could not utter what I felt to be a mockery. So, treading softly, I went my way thinking sadly enough of the cruel fate which pursued our Prince Charming. Dying by inches la a foreign country, lonely and friendless amid the falling shadows, with no loved one to whisper words of hopo and comfort as he drifted away into the silent land. Oh! the pity of it. Half way downstairs I met one of the nurses. • What do the doctors say of Herr Max Schiller's case?' I asked her. 'The Austrian gentleman? Oh! he's getting on all right,' was her cureless reply. I returned home somewhat reassured, but, the professional opinion notwithstanding, could not rid myself of the idea that tho poor fellow's days were numbered, nor did I cease torturing myself with fruitless conjectures regarding the meaning of that last look of hi?. Now I fitily intended calling at the hospital next morning, but an unexpected influx of guests kept me too busily engaged to permit of my leaving the house. In the evening, however, I was getting ready to pay the eick man a visit when the parlourmaid put a card into my hand intimating as she uid bo that his reverence—the pasteboard bore the well-known name of Father R awaited me in the sitting-room. The priest was studying an engraving of Doro's 'Christ Leaving the Pnotorium,' whioh hung over the mautel. but turned a3 I entered and bowed formally. 'I am addressing Mr:. W—• I presume?' I nodded assent and invited him to be seated, but he decliued. There was a slight pause which he was the first to break. 'I am the bearer of bad news, madam/ he announced abruptly. 'I come from St. Viucent's Hospital.' • Herr Schiller is worse!' 1 exclaimed. 'Having mado his peace with his Maker, he rests,' said the priest senteutiously. The tears rushed to my eyes. 'Not deal, surely?' 'Alas! yet. He passed away Inst night at a quarter to 12.' Then he had died not many hours after I left the hospital, our handsome debonnair Prince Charraiug, and the thought of the dead man's loveliness in the hour of his need made my tears fall thick and fast. ' Your sensi bility does you credit, madam,' remarked, Father R— —• •My sensibility!' I repeated bitterly. ' I don't see where it comes in. To think that I should have left him wheu he was actually dying ! I cau never forgive myself, never!' 1 How could you divine the end was so near ?' argued my visitor. 'Tho poor youujj gentle man's medical adviser had pronouucoa him out of danger, and1 ' The more fool he,' I interruptel. • But say, did the poor, fellow express no wish to sco me, or did the end come so suddenly as to prevent his evon sending a message ?' I spoke eugerly for I felt strongly, and the priest's relf-ropression irritated me. 'Listen and I will tell you all I know,' replied Father R in more kindly toucs. Aud lio went on to relate how he had been summoned to the hospit.il in all haste at 9 o'clock tie previous night to administer the last rites of the Church to a dying man. ' I found the Austrian gentleman perfectly calm and collected, but siukiug fnst,' continue 1 the priest. ' His confession was made without hesitation, and, believe me, madam, it has seldom boen my privilege to set tho seal of absolution to so blameless a record. After ro ceiving the last sacraments a change for the worse came over the dying man. I hastened therefore to put the quostiou—Had he no lust words for his frieuds ? *' Madarao W kuows all; she has promised to send the letter to my nauci'e, Pauline Kovikofl," he replied fuiutly; for by this time every breath was drawn with difficulty. The poor young gentleman lingered over tho name of Pauline, whispering it again and again; nnd with it on his lips, coupled with that at which nil things iv Heaven and earth shall bow, there passed away one as beautiful as Sir Galahad— ay, and as pure.' Emotion overcame- Father R— at this point, and he blew his nose vigor ously. 'Ho wore a small morocco case hung rouud his neck by a thin gold chaiu,' he rosuraed. 'It contained the picture of a lovely girl, also a letter written iv a female haud. Noed I say, madam, tho case and its contents were not re moved V' ♦Ho led you to bellevo he had given a letter ad dressed to Mademoiselle- Novikoff into my charge V I iuquired blankly. The priost regarded mo curiously. * Certainly, did he not do so V ' No,' I said, • tho poor fellow seomed on the noint of confiding something to mo during my visit to the hospital, bat pat it off until, as he said, he felt stronger.' 'Perhaps he may have left the letter in his room,' suggested the priest. I caught at the suggestion. ' Will you help me to search for it V I asked him eagerly. 4 Surely, madam,' assented Father R , and togother'we niountod the stairs to poor Priuce Charmiug's deserted ronm. It was just as he left it. His clothes were in the drawer?, his uustrung violin in its case. Books, papers, and writing materials littered the table aud davenport, even his hat hung on iti accustomed peg. The priest bestowed a compas sionate glance ou the sometime surroundiugs of tho luckU33 Austrian. 'Poor fellow,' he said fe.lingly; theu, placiug a chair for me, set to work iv a busiuess-like manner to investigate the dead man's goods and chattel?. His soarch for tho missiug letter was as thorough as it was un avuiliug. 4I caunot understand it,' quota Father R . * His head was as clear as mine when he assured me you had the letter aud would send it.' ' What is to ho done V I iniuired. 'Nothing. This Mademoiselle Novikoff's address, as I take it, is not known to either of us, therefore, unle33 Hi-rr Scliiller'a letter be hidden under the carpot we shall be obliged to wait uutil advice from Vienna enables us to scud to the address of his beautiful fiancee the sad news of his death.' • Poor young thing,' I said, ♦ the blow when it falls will be worse than the present suspense.' ' Ay, sure.' quoth Father R , and then he held out his hand. ' You will let mo know iv tho ev-?nt of the letter turniug up : * Without fail.' We shook hands on the compact, and the pnest weut hi 3 way. 'I'll hare that carpet up to morrow,' I said decidedly, aud, this resolution taken, proceeded to tho drawing-room to break the sad now 3 of Priuco Charming's death to a group of sympathising friends. Chaitkr 111. Herr Max Schiller's boxes and all his belongings were duly conveyed to the Austrian Consulate uoxt day, and, acting on the priest's suggestion, I had the carpet in his room taken up in the forlorn hope of nuding tho lost lotter. No such discovery resulted on its removal. I wa3 thu3 reluctantly obliged to admit the impossibility of taking further steps iv the matter uutil Mademoiselle Novikoff'a Vienna address should be obtained, the Austrian consul having kindly undertaken to procure it. But, as I went about and about the house I could not forbear picturing to myself poor Puuliuo's weary waiting for the letter that never came—as in spite of Father R——'s and ray unsuccessful search I retained an implicit bolief iv its existence. Curiously enough my ci-devant boarder's room was the only apartment remaining unlet iv the house. Naturally, then, tho events connected with his illness aud death were whon ever I entered that vacant room only too painfully recalled by the familiar objects it contained, a concatenation of circumstances that may have had something to say to this conviction of mine. But although, as I have indicated, Herr Max Schiller was frequently in my waking thoughts, I had hitherto been guiltless of dreaming of him. This was nevertheless destined to conio to pass. It happened on a Friday night precisely one week subsequent to his death. I had gone to bed at 11, and, as is customary with me, soon foil 'asleep, presently gliding into that mystical shadowlaud where it is our pleasure or penance to wander ouco and again during tho term of our natural life. I faucied myself standing on the stairs in the exact spot wiiere three weeks ngo I stood listening to the nek foreigner playing the violin. I heard mm again in my dream. First the ex ultant chords of the " Wedding March" were dashed off. T! ■• n followed that sad requiem com posed by the author of ' Tho Magic Flute,' the solemn numbers of the Moss for the Dead boing terminated by tho snap of tho fiddle strings—tho Inst was so realistic that I started up, belioviug uutil I came to myself that I wa3 actually on my way to the Austrian's empty room. In truth the impulse to hurry upstairs was strong upon me even when broad awake. It was mastered, how ever, and I resolutely closed my eyos, thiuking in this manner to banish the evil impression st imped on my brain by this vivid dream. But I reckoned without my host, the dream had murderod Bloep for that night. Tlioro is no blinking the fact that this visionary repetition of poor Prince Charnung's last per formance on his fiddle formod a very unpleasant subject for retloction. But tho idea of there being anything supernatural iv its reproduction was, if ever eutertainod, as promptly dismissed. I wa3 out of sorts, nervous, fanciful, a conclusion to which I was helped by a succession of dre unless nights, and Friday came round a.^ain without any apprehension on ray part of a return of tie pre vious week's nocturnal experience. I was rather later than usual in retiring that nitfht, for it was the monthly niusual eveniug, aiid our guests had lingered long. A notable sleeper, in has already beeu hinted, my head had scarcely touched tlie pillow ero I was on th 3 high road tj Dreamland. But for mo therowere uouo of those shifting scenes which characterise tho vision world of tho ordinary sleeper. On the contrary, a stern fate again condemned me—in imagination—to stand on the staira listoniug to the Austrian's fiddling. To- night, however, tho slumberous chain binding me parted or ever the fiuish ca'nc, nud it was with wnking onr3 I heard, or seeme 1 to hear, the concluding notes of that requiem and the jarring snap of the violin strings. Then, the impulse that drove me as before to Herr Schiller s room roturnod with iucreased intensity. So importunate was it that I sprang out of bed and stjod shivering in the middle of the floor, irresolute whether to follow this blind leading or like a seusiLlo woman rcsumo my place between tho sheets. Tho latter alternative was chosen, the counterpane drawn over my head, aud thus ensconced I quaked and cogitated until sunrise. Then I got up, had a cold bath, dressed, and walked to Lady Macquarie's Chair and back before breakfast, the fresh air and exercise send ing me home with braced up norvos—and a very raspectablo appetite. This healthful indication notwithstanding, my mind was ill at ease; putting it plainly, the recurrence of the dream with all its Btartling details made me fe.ir for my reason, and I only contrived to keep thought at bay during the next tew days by Bhoer hard work, though I am bound to say a grisly spectre—i.f., softening of the brain—pesistcutly obtruded itself at old moments. It was on Wednesday iv tho following week that, while shopping in town, I espied Father E doing the block in George-street. The recognition was mutual, and the priest and I greeted each other cordially. ' I oannot get that unfortunato young Austrian out of my head, madam,' Raid his rovcrencc after the usual civilities wero exchange 1; ' and I would give mu<u to be enabled to forward the melancholy though edify ing particulars of his death to the lady whom it most concerns.' • Aro you *till of opinion that the letter men tioned by Herr Schiller is extaut V I asked, abruptly. 'Frankly, I am; but the question arises, what did he make of it:' 'The room, as you are aware, has been thoroughly searched,' I said. ' For all that the letter may be concealed in some unlikely hiding place.' ' You have expressed ray opinion exactly.' The priest smiled. 'The wish may be father to tho thought in both cases, madam. Meantime, should the lost letter ever come to hand, pray do not forget that I am interested iv its discovery.' Ho might depend on me, I assured him. 'A thousand thanks. Good afternoon, madam;' and, removing his hat with courtly grace, Father R strode off at a brisk pace, leaving mo pjs sessed of a now fear born of the recollection of a promise made to the dying Austrian, ami of his reply—' Never again ? Theu lam couteut.' The words mug in my ears us if but just spokea. There was no doubt about it. I had cer taiuly promised to be at his beck and cull. Further, my word was passod never to keep him waiting. Was tho grave thou powerless to cancel the pledge ? Practical woman as I am, I asked myself this question, and thou and there I regis tered a vow that should the ghostly music again assail my cars the mystory connected with it mus-* at all costs be fathomed. The sleop of the just was mine during tho night! of Wednesday and Thu-sday, but on tho Friday evening, screwed to tho sticking point as my courage was, I devoutly hoped there yet might bo no occasion to put it to the test. To go to bed formed no part of tho plan I had decided on pur suing. Twice caught napping, tho third should find me, if required, ready for action. So whec ■ the lights were out and quietness prevailed I went to my room, lit a cand*le, and sternly set luysell to write to a dear old friend far away in bourne Scotland. The first sheot was ppidly filled. Not so tho second, for the very sufficient reason that my stock of uewß had given out. Ttyeu came au illustration of the willingness of tho spirit being checkmated by the weakness of tho floili. While ransacking my brain for forgotten items sleop overtook me, my head sank oti tho uniukod sheet, and all in a moment I was journoying in tho laud of NoJ. My slumbers lasted the greater part of an hour when I awoke as suddenly as I had fallou asleep —woko to hear Mozart's Requiem played m iO never was ou earthly catgut—woke with thai compelling power so strong upon me, that, seizing the candlo iv my shaking right hand, I Hew up stairs, and, reaching tho top landing, raced along the corridortowardsthe Austrian's room. Thodoor, which stood ajar, was reached at last, but how* shall I doscribe the sight revealed by tho flicker ing flame of the candlo? That unsteady light fell upon tho form of Jferr Max Schiller; for tha grave had in very truth given up its dead. Thero he sat in his favourite chair, liis fiddle tucked uuder his chin, his blue eyes fixed dreamily on that ebony davenport, which, as has been pre viously mentioned, formed part of the furniture of the room. The mournful cadences of the requiem played by the ghostly musiciau held me spellbound uutil the parting of the fiddle strings brought the weird performance to an abrupt con clusion. Then—was it reality or only a dream? —the violiuist arose, cast acide his unstrung instrument, aud with, a gesture at once command ing and entreating pointed with outstretched hands to tho davenport. • The actiou recalled a fact lately lost sight of— to wit, that that davenport contained a secret drawer, the trick of which I had one day discovered to Herr Max, and with lightning rapidity came the idea, 'Pauline's letter lies hidden there.' The thought was no sooner conceived than it was read by the phantom, whoso faco lit up with that winning smile that in dayo gone by had earned for the Austrian his sobriquet Prince Charming. My eyes brimmsd over; I could not sfciy the tears, and when by diut of energetic rubbing the inconvenient moisture wn3 cleaved away I found myself alono on the throshold. Neithor tho musician nor his fiddle was anywhere to be seen, and the emptiness and unbroken silenco chilled me to the bone. Like one in a dream I entered the haunted chamber, sot my candlo on the davenport, which having opened I pressed tho spring, and, tho secret drawer disclosing itself, drew out its solo contents—a bulky letter. Possessed of this precious 4 fiud' I went straight te my room, deposited the packet under my pillow, undressed and got into bed, straightway falling into a heavy sleep from, which I did not awake until the drossing-bell rang next morning. My first thoughts were given to business. Bui the findiug of the letter while reaching under the pillow for my watch changed all that, recalling as it did the startling experiences of the previous night. The letter proved to bo directed to Mademoiselle Novikoft aud bore the address of a well-kuown street in tho fashionable quarter of Vienna. Moreover, it was stamped. Now I understood. Tlio dying man's intention of making known its whereabouts to mo hud been, in his weak state, mentally converted into a l/oiia Jida communication. Hence the assuruuee given to Father R of my competency to carry out hi 3 last wishes. Yes! I held in my hand the last testament of tho handsome Austrian, who, three short mouths ago, landed on the sunny shoros of Australia, high of hope and strong of limb. How his heart must have ached when, a bankrupt in health aud spirits, he penued this l.'wt farewell to his fiauct'e. For love of him tho beautiful Russian had been willing to renounce friends, rank, fatherland, all the world holds dearest. A renunciation, alas! rendered void by the King of Terrors. Yet stronger than death or tho power of the grave was the love of Pauliue s lover; for, notwithstanding what may be urged as tho commou-sense view of the matter, I believed then, and second thoughts have but strengthened tho belief, that, instrumental as I was iv finding tho letter, I could only be reckoned as au agcuf in the n fTatr. A power boyond human compre hension, at tlrot resisted, bat which had eventually dominated my will, was, if I read tho riddle aright, the pnucipal in this mysterious business. Bo that as it may, Herr Max Schiller's mission was accomplished, my contract fulfilled, aud—l, felt entirely porsuaded that the ghost was laid for all time. «■ Calling at Father R——'s that same morning, I was, on sending in my card, immediately ushered into the priest's presence. ' You bring good news; I can Tead it in your face,' ho said, when having placed me in tho easiest chair he seated himself opposite. For answer I put tho letter into his baud. ' Where was this touud V he demanded, after a careful scrutiny of the envelope. Then I told him all from the be giuntug. He heard me to tho end, aud— ' It is a strange tale,' he remarked reflectively. 'Do you not consider this hitter a proof of itff veracityf' I demanded rather hotly. ' Thtft's as it may be, 1 dryly. ' However, this much J will Bay, madam; " Thero are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our s>hilo.«)phy." ' Father It coloured ever co littlo whilo making this hoterodox quotation, but for nil that did not rrcaut the boresv. ' You will forward the letter to Mademoiselle NovikofT r' ho a3ked presently. «That is my intention. Nor shall I omit ac quainting her with the peculiar circumstances connected with its discovery.' The priest looked his displeasure. •Such a strange communication must be made solely on your own responsibility, madam,' he said stiffly, adding • For myself it is clearly my duty to inform the poor young lady of the holy death of her betrothed/ And, opening his note - book, Fattier R carefully wroto down Mademoiselle Novikoff's address. This done he closed the book, wished me a curt good morning, aud dismissed me with the most frigid of bows. My Protestant independence had clearly offended the good Father. The writing of the promised lotter to Made moiselle Novikoff proved no easy task, yet it, together with that of her lover, was duly posted a few hours subsequent to my visit to the priest; the sense of reliof I experienced when both were safely mailed being simply indescribable. Even Bridget remarked on my return from tho post office. • It's yourself, ma'am, as has the lightsome look,' informing me in tho B>ime breath that 'two parties' iv search of apartments awaited me in the drawing- room. The haunted chamber was advautageously let that day to a portly English man and his wife, and from that time up to the preseut dato nothing more uncanuy than the audiblo slumbers of its worthy teuauts has been heard after nightfall. A few more words and lam done. Just one month ngo tho postniau brought a letter bearing tho Vicuna postmark, hauding me at the same time a tiny registered packet. The sender of these was Mademoiselle Novikoff. Hers was a pathetic little note. She thanked me prettily in her translated English for what she was pleased to term my ' beautiful kindness to her beloved Max.' But there was not the slightest aUuuiou to the singular mauuer in which her lover's letter had been brought to light. Reading between the lives, it was ac heartbroken a littlo note as I ever received. The packet contained a valuable ruby ring—' From Paulino to kind Madame W ,in memory of Max Schiller.' These words were written on a tiny scrap of paper, which bore on the other side the pitiful request: ' Please do not write again; my heart is broken/ The writing was initialled'P. N. • Chancing to meet Father R in Williara itreet next day, I gathered that he, too. had heard from Mademoiselle Novikoff. She had been 'received,' he informed me, and expected to enter on her novitiate iv the convent of L at an early date. There were instructions iv tho letter, he hiutod, with refereuce to the disposal of poor Prince Ctnrming's small fortune, of which his fiancee was left sole legatee. The orection of a tombstoue to his memory was also meutionod. But the priest did not enter into any particulars, nor did 1 ask any questions. •Like Mary, the dear child has chosen the better part,' spoke Father R . I shook my head, and the priest smiled a supe rior smile. • You do not think so I" * I do not,' stoutly. 'Nevertheless I am in the right.* • It is a sin and a shame she should be allowed to do this thing,' I burst out. ' Do you grudge her to the good God, madam ?' —reproachfully. •lint she does not know ber own mind,' I maintained. Father R looked sorry for me. 'My dear lady,' he said, 'as we cannot be at one in this matter, let us agree to differ.' With this we parted, nor have I since falleu across the good priest. During tho visit to — Cemetery the othor day I came upon an exquisitely carved greenstone cross. Inscribed on tho plinth was tho name of Max-Schiller, his ago, ami the date of his death. Such is Pauline's memorial to her betrothed. Has sho learned to possess her soul in patience, or is the ' restless unsatisfied longing' for the warm living love of her handsome lover still strong within her? — • —-^ God knows. ,<\ \lOllT>^ 