Iftoveltet* The Ghost of Oak Orag. BY ESTHER SERLE KENNETH. {Concluded,') For a moment she thought it acme wandering vagabond who had sought shelter there. Then she caught eight of a hand, white and shapely, hanging nervelessly from the side of the benoh, and she knew she was mistaken. At first she was undecided what to do. Then with a sudden thought she went for ward and spoke to the prostrate figure. " Are you ill ? Why are you here ?" . The man had heard her step, and as she commenced speaking, he looked up, ghowing a face which Beemed familiar to her, though she did not recognise it. It was a dark, beavded, handsome face, very pale nnd haggard. The figure was shrouded in a cloak, but the dress about | the breast seemed very much disordered, and. she caught a glimpse of bloody | linen. " Are you hurt V she asked. He did not answer for a moment, or attempt to rise, but lay looking at her with two mournful, hollow eyes. " Who are you ?" he said at last. " I am Emma Lamar. I live here. If you are hurt, coma into the house, and let me do what I can for you." He raised himself on his elbow, feebly gathering the cloak over his breast. " I don't know whether I am going to die or not," he snid. 44 I'm sick, and I've I a out here in my breast. If I could be | taken care of, I might live ; but I think it's hardly. worth while. No, I think I will lie here," he added, sinking down on the seat again. Emma thought he was delirious. She went nearer and looked down into his I face, as he lay with closed eyes, and . a sudden, swift discovery came to her. It was the man they had found apparently dying in the northwest oliamber. He ' out out his hand as he suddenly opened I ?'lis eyes and saw her bending above him. " I'll tell you who I am," he said, . that you may bury me in the family .trying ground-Hick Meadows, Major | teadows. See here," with ft faiut, fitter smile, showing his officer's dress. Just let ine alone now, if you please, think I'll be comfortably dead by morn :>g." "You mu^t not stay here 1'' exclaimed . uma, with sudden, swift energy. "You II freeze to death. Bouse up, I beg ; y to walk. You must go into the :>uae," Her energy seemed to roUBe him. " Who iB there V he asked. ' .' No one ; will you come ?" " Shall I see no one 1 I don't want to meet anyone." ."You will not." He hesitated a moment, looking up to | the house. Then he got upon, his feet-a tall, haggard figure-and took the arm Emma | gave him. "You're very good," he muttered; aB he passed the threshold, and suddenly fell j senseless upon the floor. ' She never knew how she got him into J her room, and upon the bed. When asked, afterward, she said : 441 believe he WBB heavy, but I did not think that then." An instinot of protection for this deBo-1 late man had suddenly seized upon her ; and, with the earnestness of one to : whom few passions came, she forgot everything in her absorbing efforts for hia_ restoration. That he was emaciated, »s if from suffering, she discovered ; and 'hat he had a deep cut in the breast, which, clotted with gore, no longer bled. His swoon was frightfully long, but, when he could speak, she gave him food and wine, judging rightly that he waB in need of nourishment. As soon as he revived, he said: 41 Don't let any one know I'm here. I'll | tell you about myself to-morrow. Thank you for your kindness; I think I'll go to .tap BOW." Then with a long sigh ho closed liia eyes and fell asleep as lightly as a child. Hearing her brother coming, Emma hastily left the room and closed the door. Westerly flung himself heavily into a chair, and said : " Hurry up supper, Em ; I have got to go to town to-night." He evidently expectid that she would expostulate, and waB surprised at her silence ; but, hastily swallowing his sup per, he took himself off. She went back to her room. The stranger was awake, and put out his hand. " Come here, please. Tell me whose' voice I heard." .' My brother's." " _ " What is his name 1" " Westerly Lamnr." " Is he young, broad-slioulderi"d, low browed, dark V ? "Yes." " I thought I knew the voice," he said. . " I'm so tiwd I" He spoke with a weariness that was not all weariness of the body. " Can you tell me about yourself now 1" " There !B no need ; yet I trust you, if you like to hear a disagreeable story. I'm a bad fellow-not a man for a girl'like you to pity and help ; yet I thank you all the more for what you have done for me. Do you remember me as Kick Meadows 1" i ".No." " You were probably a child when I went away from here, a boy. My father died, and I went into the army. I got a taint there which made me more wild and reckless than I was naturally. I leurned to drink and gamble. When the war was over I came back to the oity where I was born, but I had no home, no restraining influence for a turbulent nature and loose habits ; and for years my life was a whirl of adventures and dangers. There were times when I grew heart-sick with myself, for I am not naturally a brute; but I spent my youth wastefully, and middle life found me wedded to bad habits, dissipated and immersed in various difficulties. Among other things I waB in debt; for I had wasted my share of my father's property. All this must sound to yoa entirely base and without excuse. In one sense it was so. One day, about a year ago, I was threatened by a creditor; and tortured by my conscience-for the man was poor and needed the money-I forged my brother's name to a note, satisfying my self with the thought that I would re deem the note before it was due, and never repeat so dangerous an act. But before the nofe was due I was taken ill, and romained so for months. I waB not recovered unfil a few weeks of the pay ment, and sick-room meditations ren dered me quite frantic. "I had abandoned gambling, but 1 turned to it again, hoping luck would release me from my difficulties. I was not fortunate; the more 1 played the more I lost; and, utterly penniless, with a felon's fate staring me in the face, I resorted to a deception I had learned while in the army. - I played with your brother, won nil his money, when he suspected me, and, in a passion, sought my life. I escaped in the crowd which the excitement called up, and, passing a depot, flung myself into the cars, only desinous of leaving the city. But I found that I waB en route for Lennox,-and re solved to hide myself here until I knew whpt better to do. The night before lust I came here, swung myaulf on the grape vine trellis to the porch window, wliich was unfastoned, let myself into the house, and wandered abou£,never dream . ing there was anyone here. I could not. sleep, and, after pacing the floor for a while, I came down into the garden. This room my old nurse used to sleep in, and some sorrowful memory led me to. the window. I was astonished to see you, and, finding that the house was in part occupied, I thought it unsafe for me to stay, and left it. I wandered around the village all day, unrecognised by the people who used to know me well. At night I took a fancy to come back to the Crag, believing that I should meet no one so late ; but, as soon as I shut myself in the close room, a spasm of suffocating pain seized me, and, witli the instinctive fear of death, I rung the bell. Though my body grew rigid and my eyes remained closed, I was conscious of your entering the room, and of all that passed in my presence. When your brother drew that keen blade down my breast I waa pain fully awure of it, yet could make no sign until the blood suddenly started. He had left the room. Springing suddenly into life, I staggered to my feet, clutched my cloak over my bleeding breast, and let mynelf down from the window, closing it behind me in my excitement and sickly terror, fearing pursuit. I staggered down the garden path, and fell fainting upon the seat of the summer-house where you found me. I had lain there all day. To night I should have died if you had not been so good a friend. And yet death would havo been a better friend, Miss Lamar. You cannot concieve of my utter wretchedness nnd undesire to live," " But, Major Meadows, if you could live to redeem yourself-" " I cannot. A felon's cell is my only prospect in life 1" " How much money s required to meet the note's demand " Five hundred dollars." It was more money than Emma Lamar had ever possessed in her whole life ; yet she sat silent, trying to think how it could be gained. Major Meadows lay looking in surprise at the grave beauty of her quiet face. "Tell me truly, shall I trust you?" she said at last. " In what manner 1" " If I get this money for you, will you return it at a given time ?" " I will." "I must borrow it, giving my good name as security. If I do this, will you return it in one year ?" " I will." She looked stendily into his faoe. It was set in .arnest meaning, and she believed him." " I trust you. I will get the money to night. And, Major Meadows, I do it as much to make you trust yourself ns to relieve your present distress. If you can return thu money honorably at the end ' of the year, you will liave a capital of honesty, perseverance, and virtue witli wliich to commence a better future. I)o you understand ?" " I do ; and so help me, spirit of my mother, I will not disappoint your tru«t Miss Lamas." " Then I must leave you alone for an hour. You are quite comfortable ?' "Yes." The brave girl wrapped herself in * cloak, and went swiftly down the hill, although the village clocks were striking nine, and nearly all honest people were housed for the night. She went into the heart of the village, but in less than an hour was making her way swiftly back. She came into the room so quietly that when she returned Major Meadows was starlled. She placed the notes before him and counted them over. _ . " Heaven blPBa you 1" he exclaimed. " When is this money due ?" . "To-morrow." " Then you must take the night train ; yet you are hardly able." r ' > ",I can go very well now, my heart is so stout," he said. - She brought him fresh linen from hor brother's wardrobe^ and necessary toilet articles ; and then she left him. In an hour he came out, looking like a difldtent man.. " It is half-past ten. You havo but half-an-hour before car time," she said. " Do you know how I wish you were my sister ?" he said, looking. down at her. " I wish my brother knew how good a sister I try to be," she said, her eyes filling quickly. "Major Meadows, you are more than welcome to what I have done for you, if you will only keep your promise." "You shall' Bee how I will keep it. You will be here at the end of a year ?" " I shall be in town. The old clergy man at the parsonage will know where I am." ".Good-bye. I cannot thank you." " God help you ! Good-bye." And he strode away from the door in the moonlight. "The next day it was like a dream to Emma Lamar. Only in her heart there seemed a fresh chord alive. They went baok to the cottage, for Westerly still continued the practice of visiting the city at night. He grew very diasipated, and, when Bhe expostulated with him, he flew into so violent a passion as to silence her. In her hopelessness she allowed herself sometimes to think, " If Major Meadows does well, and lives to come back, I think he will be my friend." She was aware that she did not see him as others saw him ; and that any prudent mother in the place would be shocked at the idea of her daughter regarding such a man as Major Meadows with friendly in terest. She only realised that he was some one with whom she was in sympathy, and that he had wished she was hissiaier. Friendless girls have innocently done far worse than this. The spring and summer passed. All the neighborhood realised that Emma Lamar had a great trial with her brother. He was noticeably dissipated, and Prof. Gardner threatened to discharge him from his olass. He would be in the city away from his studies weeks at a time. In the fall he was publicly expelled from the institute, the professor declining to excuse his conduct longer, and he im mediately disappeared from the town. Everybody pitied Emma Lamar ; but she could hardly look any paler or more distressed than she had done for a year past. She had also another anxiety. It was November, and the money Bhe had borrowed was due. It terrified her to think of its failure; yet she seldom thought of that. She had an instinctive trust that Major MeadowB would not break his promise. One night there was a terrible storm. She sat alone at her work, when there came a sound of heavy footsteps, and her brother burst into the room. " Oh, Bmma, save me 1" he oried. " Westerly, what iB it ?" she exclaimed, stnrting up. " I have broken into the Merchant's Bank, and the officers are after me," Emma Lamar sunk down in despair. " Oh, for a friend 1" she cried. There came a knock at the door. A fine-looking man, whom she did not im mediately recognise, entered. The next moment she knew it was Major Maudows. "Miss Liiiunr !" he said. " Oh, Major Meadows,' tell me-tell mo what to do for my brother!" exclaimed Emma, turning to him with a manner which betrayed h'-r faith in him ; and, indeed, he looked worthy of it-healthful, composed, happy. " Tell me what is the matter." " My brother is to be arrested. He has broken a bank." It was quite a grave matter. The officers came to the cottage and arrested Westerly Lamar; but the following day Major Meadows became bail for him, and he was released. Through the mtijor's intercessions he ivaa finally acquitted, for he had been "lily afctissory to the crime. But he hud received u thorough chVck in his rucklesd career, and promising his friends lie would do better, he went to Oalifornia. where he turned liia attention to business and did well. Major Meadows had succeeded to his brother's prop rfy, and was a wealthy mail ; but the live hundred dollars that he r turned to Em-na Lamar he had earnrd every cent, by the labor of his hands. He hud acquired regular habits and regained his self-respect; and when he asked Emma Lumnr to be his wife, she was not ashamed to say that sho loved him. The old Meadows ho m was refurnished, and thrown open. A happy family gathered in it, and rosy childt *u played, in the garden. They little dreamed how near to death their beloved father had once come in that old place. 