MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [By ThtjmpatgbJ Melbourne. Oritnhn* -n Fice weather has sec in at last, and I expect we shall aoon have Carbine, Manton, ^utsust *&& Prince Consort at tflemington to add to the interest in the moraine work. £J1 U1O uuibcd aiugou'^uaihcio werc3Llt&ru; as lb yesterday, and some splendid work waa Rone through, but with the exoep tion of Bicheliea'a .^illop nothing occurred to throw any fraBh l^ht on the big events of the V.R.C. 1 thought the mile and a quarter done by Mr. O'Loaghlin's colt waa one of the most meritorious I have ever Been at Fleming tcD, and the colt looka as well aa bis most ardent well - wisher could desire. Since he ran laat autumn Richelieu has grown %nd filled out very nioely. As ha stands now he looka well np to Darby weights, and Bach a game staying colt i3 pretty anre to make some sort of fight with Dreadnought, especially if the great three 5 ear-old event ia ran from end to end. A? there was not much doing this morning I gtiollsd down to the lower sheds. Moat of tfce cracks work from here ; Payten'a horsea invariably bo. The first thine .that strikes one with regard to the biue-aafl- white team is their splendid condition. I don't suppose a otter string of hoxaea has ever bean under the charge of one man at Flem iogton before, with the exception of Sinecure, whof has had a very hard life this season. ? Every animal under Payten'a charge ia full of muscle asd aa clean aa * a smelt. Old Aber corn goea with rare dash, and yesterday nicrning, after taking on first Sinecure and tten Spice and running them to a stand still, he finished his once round in 2 rain. 31 sec., thia notwithstanding that Hilea steadied him quite half a furlong from home. The fight between Abercom and Carbine in the Melbourne Stakes ia not unlikely- -to trove the feature of the meeting. If the old chesnut retains his present freahnes3 I shall stand him to beat Carbine, and ao obtain revenge for his defeat in the last Sydney Cup. Singapore ia a great lengthy plain colt, and aa lazy as they make them. He has to be driven along with the whip just aa J»ordenfeldt was, but I believe be is free enough with the colours up. Singapore is furnished like a five-year-old, and towers above Dreadnought and Rudolph. The Derby favourite ia by no means a command iEE-looking colt — one of the low, thick-set sort. His action when extended is simply terfect, and the muscles stand out on him in great lumpi. He must be possessed of mar vellous pace, as Kales was distinctly niggling at Abercom to make him keep his place alongside Dreadnought when the pair were tcgether for five furlongs this morning. These who know the son of Trafalgar Bay that with Singapore out of the road the only possibility of his losing the Derby will be through his inability to see the distance out, but as a rule the Sydney division look upon the race as a moral. All Raynor's horses are in capital buckle, and after seeing Melos gallop yesterday I am stronger than ever in the telief that he will ran a real good horse in the Melbourne Cup, and win or lose. I feel saDgcine that he will beat Carbine. Of the twcyear-olds at Flemington Correze ia of course the centre of attraction : but Payten has a beautiful filly ia Prelude, She ia a ^ccd deal after the style of her sire, Martini - Henry, and is a rare galloper. I am afraid none of our youngsters are likely to trouble tbe Judge, the most formidable opponents to Correze and Prelude, aa far as I can gather, being the Admiral, WUga, Hermitage, and Magic Circle. List nuibt ai the Rooms a dead set was made atrainst Bravo, 100% to 5 being freely offered. Steisg the undertakers bo anxious to offer it against the handsome bay, I enquired the cans?, and was informed by a leading pencfller that he is supposed to have split his hoof in the Caulfield Cup. Tradition ia also in a bad way. if the market can be accepted as a reliable barometer, but aa the big horse ran to well on a light preparation lass rear he may do so again. He seems to be a very delicate horse, and any attempt to drive him along results in his going off his feed. A good judge who saw Berzcn work yesterday tells me that he items to he getting slower every gallop. Bedfern haa certainly given him a tremen dous amount of galloping, and maybe the horse is getting stale on it. The latest infor mation concerning Carbine ia highly satisfao tcry, and last night his admirers were pre pared io accept anything better than 100 to 12 that he wina the Melbourne Cup. The thiee-y ear-old Antaeus is also doing well, and eo notice need be taken of his having finished IaEt in a gallop with Carbine, Manton, and i Prince Consort yeaterd ay morning. I At Hsternwick yesterday Bachelor sur prised even his owner by winning the Hurdle I Hace in a canter. At the weights the race waa a gcod thine for the black, but it Beams he has not been doing much work lately, asd neither Mr. Haddrick nor his friends had a shilling on him. Bachelor's victory under i the circumstances waa unfortunate for his | party, as the horse has been exposed, and \- all his owner gets out of the win is a paltry £t'O Etake. Sir Lawrence ran in the October Handicap, but failed to stay home. Messrs. Hubble and Mallen thought Tommy IV. (late Jack Tar) good enough to win the Trot, but he met a clinker in Luoretia, vrho broke np several times in the first half mile and then won easily. Tbia grey daughter of Contractor is a beantiful mare, and probably the fastest trotter in Australia at the present time. Bordeaux ran in the Steeplechase, but the cramped coarse did cot suit his long, striding action, and he had sot the ghost of a chance with old Cariosity, vrfco is a magnificent jumper and very wed just now. The Elsternwick Park Handi cap was a beautiful race, eight or ten horses being fairly bunched at the home turn. Just here it looked im possible for Harbinger to win, bat be came with a brilliant rash, in the straight, and just shot Mr. Leek's I gocd thing, Marlboroozh, in the last I few strides. Harbinger is the horse Mr. I £eichan had in Adelaide last May. He was I a great disappointment to the public then, I but ran as game aa a pebble yesterday ; and, I aa he started at such a nice price, those con I sected with him were able to win a fair I stake. I Accidents on the Flemington training I gnmnd are very rare considering the number I cf horses working every morning, bat I yesterday a pair of John Hill's tad a narrow escape, and to day there was a bad smash, owing to Lady Doris when going full speed coming into collision with a care called Pateena. ~ Fagg received what looked like a terrible fall, bat when he came to it was found that his injuries^ did not amcunt to more than a severe shaking, while the other boy waa not hart at all. m Lady Bcria limped away as though hart in the Ehcalder, and I am afraid she will not be o* much Eervice to Mr. Pile for some time to ceme. The post which nearly brought Adventurous and Cheddar to grief is to be removed to a safer place. „. . The weights for the Moonee Valley Ccp were published this morning, and I noticed that Mr. Vowles haa again I taken great care of jEneas. From a hasty ? glance down the list I should take Don ? Gkvan, Bothwell, Ginger, Trojan, and Briton I to be the beet handicapped, but the stake i (£StO) is not a large one nowadays, and the ? teat of the horseH handicapped may be ? reserved for better thingr. Mr. Gordon't ? filly Baft ovo has been most harshly used in ? the St. Albans Handicap, wherein she is ? actually called upon to give weight to Quality. ? -Hie Richmond filly Clare looks a pretty good ? thing on paper, but if Qaality ia in the ? humour to try she is bound to run welL ? There has been a good deal of talk in ? ^citing circles this week about the running ? of Moorebank in the Caulfield Cup. The ? latest rumour ** that Kelly, the trainer of ? the horse, intends to ask the V.A.T.C. or ? \\-H.C to investigate the matter, with a ? \iew to clearing hia character from the asper ? EiGca which have been cast upon it in connec ? ticn with the betting transactions concerning ? iioorebank and hia subsequent display in ? tfce race. Tbe backer who lost so much ? ttcney over the colt informed the books ? when he paid them on Monday that for the ? future he will refrain from the practice of ? indulging in indiscriminate bitting. It is to ? fccped he will, aa plungers are only a ? iQifance to racing. I don't think we shall ? bear much more of the Moorabank business. 