Must be Mad. Aftek the debates in the Assembly on three nights this -week, it will be felt that in offering the suggestions regarding political party coalitions, as they have done, surely some of the journals of Queens land must be mad. Is it the stroke of Providence which precedes destruction ? The public vrere first of all diverted with proposals for the construction of a double headed Government, and these proposals not finding favour, a turn of the kaleido scope, and behold Sir Thomas il'Ilwraith, like a jack in tho box, was made to spring up and remark, ' Here we are again.' Sir Thomas himself we know, but tho reasons for bringing him up again like the ghost of Samuel we know not. The ground taken is that Mr. Morehead, the Premier, is going to England, and that it is disastrous for a Premier to he absent from the country, as witness the case of Sir S. W'. Griffith at the Colonial Con ference ; and forthebeneficial arrangement of appointing even a temporary Premier, witness the case of Sir Thomas AE'Ilwraith when ho went to Japan ; and that any re adjustment should take place when Par liament is in recess is pronounced to be a step fraught with the greatest con stitutional danger. All this is so like the ravings of lunacy that one hardly knows whether to laugh or to weep. As to re adjusting the Cabinet when Parliament is in recess, why, that is exactly what Sir Thomas 3I'Ilwraith did. On November 30 last year he retired from the Premier ship and advised the Governor to send for Mr. Morehead._ The latter held office till May 22, a period of nearly six months, before Parliament had an opportunity to express an opinion on the situation. When Parliament did meet there was a brief discussion, but both. Houses accepted the change, and Mr. More head has since been recognised as being the Premier of the country as fully as ever Sir Thomas M'llwraith himse'f was. Should Mr. Morohead during recess resign the Premiership, and advise tho Governor to send for some one else, that would be exactly following Sir Thomas's steps, and that some one else would become Premier in a perfectly constitu tional way, and should the new Premier be Sir Thomas M'llwraith, his appoint ment would be no more constitutional from a legal point of view, whatever it n?ight be from a moral one, than would be the appointment of any other person. But the chaff about his influence in tho Cabinet after his return, and his dis agreement with his colleagues over a vote of £40,000, or because they proposed to reverse the old order of asking for rail ways and loans, is easily scattered. When Sir Thomas M'llwraith returned from Japan he was asked when he intended to resume theTreasurership. Apparently the Premiership was not offered him at the same time. Possibly Mr. Morehead was not the dummy he was supposed to be. But Sir Thomas laughed at the idea of resuming work, however willing he might have been to resume honours. He is believed not to have been unwilling to take the Premiership, with a seat in the Council; but he was, and we categori cally accuse him of having been, un willing to face the Assembly and tho country on his obnoxious food tariff. Ho must have faced his constituency had he returned to the Treasury ; and he must have faced the Assembly. His following at that time might not have been unwilling to lick the dust at his feet ; but the electors of Brisbane would have defeated his return by an overwhelming majority. The public mind was much exasperated at tho time, and the issue of such a contest would not \ave been in doubt for an hour. The -uggestion that if Messrs. Morehead and Pattison resign, Sir Thomas M'll wraith should he sent for, and that he should again take tho Premiership and the Treasury, is of course a purely party affair. But since it emanates from sources which a few days ago offered a totally different suggestion, is it safe to trust advice from Buch sources ? There is only one item of consistency in these suggestions. They all contain the one con dition that Sir Thomas M'llwraith should be at the head of affairs. If he cannot be left in the safe company of Sir S. W. Griffith, then take him as he is; 'any- thing you like so that you give us our own Sir Thomas.' Well, after what 'our own Sir Thomas' did for us before 1883, and during 1888, one feels that should ho return to power, Queensland may become like the country described by a Hebrew .prophet who mournfully said that 'that which the canker worm hath left hath the caterpillar eaten.' 