THE TRAVELLER; THE WANDERINGS OE A GLOBE- TROTTER. A versatile man is Mr. Lewis Wingfield, and his reputation will be increased by his two volumes of a traveller's tales in the Far East, published under the above title by Messrs. Bentley & Son. He saw many lands and made acquaintance with strange persons, keeping his eyes well open to the outside ap- pearances of men and things. He does not philosophise about institutions or rationalize about religions or moralise about men and women; so much the better for his many readers. He gives them plenty of incidents vividly told, some of them amusing and others horrifying. To illustrate the one theory which he has ventured, that Mongolians have less sensitive nerves than Europeans, he des- cribes a judicial process which he witnessed in a Chinese court. The object of the judges was to extract from the prisoner a confession of guilt: 'Hour after hour passed; the man showed no sign of suffering except quivering muscles, strained beyond control, and a movement of the tongue about his dry lips. His voice never faltered or grew weak. He answered steadily and loudly, casting a furtive hunted look out of the corners of his eyes at the gibing bystanders, making no complaint. And yet that man was enduring torture un- der which you and I would have completely succumbed long since. Stripped, on the bare stones he kneeled, his back turned to the light, his arms, stretched straight, were lashed with cords to a beam of convenient height. At the back of the knees, between thighs and calves, was a stout pole poised, with agonising effect on the sinews. Both ends of the pole were off the ground, and at each end was a warder ready to joggle it with his foot if the culprit was tardy or recalcitrant. If he proved mulish, the ends were to be pressed simul- taneously with the result of breaking the legs. Diabolically ingenious, if bland and childlike Chinee!' Hospital practice is short, sharp, and de- cisive:— 'A tooth was out, an a abscess was lanced, in a trice. Graver cases were diagnosed and sent to bed in an adjoining ward. Chop- chop—quick, quick! A basin—sponges— bandages! It was all so swiftly done that the bewildered patients were speechless. No chloroform is used. It seemed unnecessary, and again I was forced to remark, as I had done already at Canton, how comparatively unsensitive to pain is the Celestial.' In a remote corner of Shanghai Mr. Wing- field's attention was attracted by a queer timber cage, six feet high, 'from the apex of which emerged a shiny ball, not unlike the head of a man':— 'This was worth investigating; for pass- ing children, as well as adults, paused for an instant to look, and then, unconcerned, moved on. The head of a man it was, with a high light east by the sun on its polished surface, passed through a pillory hole, its eyes closed, its cheeks fallen in, its chin rest- ing on a board, its toes just touching the ground. The man was evidently alive, though near his end; for now and again he faintly sighed. Fastened on the machine were two cross-strips of mandarin paper, whereon it was intimated that he or she who was misguided enough to give a scrap of chow-chow, solid or liquid, to the sentenced one, would be served in like gruesome fashion. The Oriental idea of revenge is well illus- trated in the following story:— 'Slowly riding along one day to take in details, my host and I came upon a scene which could occur in no other land. Two men were quarrelling, with bloodshot eyes, face close to face; protruded lips were hiss- ing forth scathing words. One, goaded to uncontrollable madness, leaped on a parapet, and, deliberately flinging himself over into a dry watercourse, was picked up crushed and lifeless. Thus was he revenged for ever on his adversary for, since he had died because of him, his ghost would haunt the living in this world, and pursue him dead into the next.' Mr. Wingfield's opinion of the Japanese ladies (which might have made him disliked in Japanese society if he had expressed it before he left for England) leads him to a theory of Japanese art which we give for what it is worth. 'I am compelled modestly and decorously to remark that the upper portion of the female form in the Land of the Rising Sun is too long for the lower appendages. May I be per- mitted to murmur that the legs are too short for the body? The genius who invented the delightful kimono was craftily aware of this as of the tendency of ladies to willow. He —it must have been a he—accordingly ar- ranged a flowing drapery, with flowing sleeves and deliberately placed the sash under the armpits, thereby defying uncultured male scrutiny as to correctly-disposed proportions.' The Japanese convict is not punished by stripes but by appeals to his moral sense:— 'The Japanese convict, is more sensitive than his English brother. For a small pec- cadillo he is held up to the obloquy of his fellows by having his name posted on a board in the exercising ground—a form of disgrace which would not much affect, I fear, a British convict. For a serious offence he is incarcerated in the black hole—a beautifully flnished hut of sweet-smelling wood without windows—but there is a handle within, com- municating with a bell, which he is allowed to ring when he thinks he can't bear it any more.' This being so, we may suppose that malingering is not so common a vice among Japanese prisoners as it is with us. One of the most striking passages in these volumes is the account of the hot-water cure practised at Kusatsu—a very drastic remedy, horrible, but (we are told) efficient. It ap- pears that the patients get used to being boiled alive. 