THETOWUST- ; JESS, BY H. RIDER IUGGA.RD, CHAPTER Y II. .TESS GOES TO PRETORIA. That dnv, at din nor, Josh suddenly announced that nhe was going ou tho morrow to Pretoria to sco Jane. Neville. ' To see Jane Neville !' said Bessie, opening her bluo eyes wide. ' Why, it was only last month .that you said that you. did not care about Jane Neville now, because she had grown so vulgar. 'Don't. you .remember when she stopped here on her way down to ?Natal last year, and held, tip, her. fat 'hand's, and said, ' Ah, Jess — Jess is a genius ! It is, a privilege to know her?' And .then -.slio 'wanted .-you to quote Shakespeare to that lump of a brother of hers, and you told her that if she did not hold her tonguo she would not enjoy the privilege much longer. And now you want to go and stop with her for two months ! 'Well, Jeas, you are odd. And, what's more, I think it is very unkind of you to go away for so long.' To all of winch prattle Jess said nothing, but merely reiterated her determination to go. John, too, was astonished and, to tell the truth, not a little disgusted. Since the previous day, when he had that talk with her in Lion Kloof, Jess had assumed a clearer and more definite interest in his eyes. Before that s'ie had been an enigma ; now he !i 1 1 guessed enough about her to nvika him anxious to know more. Indeed, he had not perhaps realised how strong anil delink*! his interest was till he heard that s'.ie was going, away for a long period. Suddenly it struck him that the farm would be very dull without this interesting wo nan moving about the place in her silent, resolute kind of way. Bessie was, no doubt, delightful and charming to 1 -ok on, but she had not got her sister's brains and originality ; and John Niel was sufficiently above tho ordinary run to thoroughly appreciate intellect and originality In a woman, instead of standing aghast at it. She interested him intensely, to say the least of it, and, man-like, he felt exceedingly put out, and even sulky, at the idea of her departure. He looker! at her in re monstrance, and even, in awkward ness begotten of his irritation, knocked down the vinegar cruet and made a mess upon the table ; but she evaded his eyes and took uo notice of the vinegar. Then, feeling that he had done all that in him lay, he went to see about the ostriches; first of all hanging about to see if Jess would come out, which she did not. Indeed, he saw nothing more of. her till supper time. Bessie told him that she said she was busy packing ; but, as one can only take twenty pounds weight of luggage in a post-cart, this did not quite convince him that it was so in fact. At supper Jesswnp, if possible, even more quiet than she had been at dinner. After it was over he asked her to sing, but she declined, saying that she had givei. up singing for the present, and persisting in her state ment iu spite of the ch -rus of remon strance it aroused The birds only sing whilst they are mating ; and it is, by the way, a curious thing, and sug gestive of the theory that tho same great principles pervade all nature, that Jess, now that her trouble had overtaken her, and that she had lost her love which had suddenly sprung from her heart — full-grown and clad in power as Athena sprang from the head of Jove — had no further inclina tion to' use her diviue gift of song. It probably was nothing more than a coincidence, but it was a curious one. The arrangement, was, that on the morrow Jess was to bo driven in the Cape cart to Martinus-Webselscroom, more commonly called Wakkerstroom, and there catc^i the post-cart, which was timed to leave the town at mid-day, though when it would leavo was quite another matter. Post- uaris are :iot particular to a day or so in the Tr.ins va'al. Old Silas Croft was going to drive her with Bessie, wlvi had same shopping to do in 'Wakkersfcroom, as ladies sometimes have ; but at tho last moment the old man got a pre monitory twinge of the rheumatism to which he was a martyr, and could not go; so, of course, John volunteered, and, though Jess raised some diffi culties', Bi.'ssio furthernd the idea, and in tho end his uffor was acc-'ptod. Aoeordingly, at liulf-p.ist eight on a beautiful inorisins,' up came tho tented cart, with its two massive wheels, stout, stinkwood diaaelboom, and four spiiited young horses ; to the heads of which the Hottentot Jantje, assisted by the Zulu Mouti, clad in the sweet simplicity of a moo'chn, a fo.v feathers in his wool, and a horn snuff-box stuck through the fleshy part of the oar, hung grimly on. In they got — John first 'then Bossie next to him, then Jess. Nexc Jantje sc, ambled up bohind ; and after some preliminary backing and plunging, and showing a disposition to twine themselves affec tionally'iround the orange-trees, off went the horses at a hand gallop, and away'swuug the cart after then, in a fashion' that would have frightened anybody, not accustomed to that mode of progression, pretty well out of his wits. As it was, John had as much; as he could do to keup the four horses together and to prevent them from bolting, and this alone, to say nothing of the rattling and jolting of the vehicle over tho uneven track, was sullicicnt to putaslop to any'iittouiptiitconvorsation. Wak'kerstroom was about eighteon milos from Mooitontein, a distance that they covered well within tho two hours.' Hore the horses wore outspanned at tho hotel, and John went into the house whence the posfc-carfc was to start and booked Jess's seat, and then joined the ladies at tho ' Kantoor ' or store where they were shopping. After the shopping was done, they wont back to the ini: together and had some dinner ; by which time the Hottentot driver of the cart began to tune up lustily, but unmolodiously, on a buglo to inform intending passengers that it « as time to start. Bessie was out of the room at thu moment, and with the exception of a peculiarly dirty-looking noo'ie waiter, thera was nobody about.. ' How long aro you going to be away, Miss Jess ?' asked John. 'Two months, more or less. Captain Niel ' ' ?'.'?? 1 1 am very sorry you are going,' he said earnestly. ' It will be very dull at the farm without you.' ' There will be Ressie for you to talk to,' she answered, turning her face to the window, and affecting to watch the inspanuing of the post-cart in the yard on to which it looked. ' Captain ISTtel !' she said suddenly. 'Yes!' ' Mind you look after Bessie while I am away. Listen ! I am going to sonething. You know Frank Muller V ' Yes, I know him, and a very dis agreeable fellow he is,' ' Well, ho threatened Bessie the other day, and is a man who is quite capable of carrying out a threat. I can't tell you any more about it, but 1 want you to promise me to protect Bessie if I any occasion for it should arise. I do not know that it will, but it might. Will you promise ?' 'Of conrse I will ; I would do a great deal more than than that if you asked me to, Jess,' he answered tenderly for now that she was going away he felt curiously drawn towards her, and was anxious to show it. ' Never mind me,' she said, with an impatient little movement. ' Bessie is swuet enough and lovely enough to be looked after for her own sake, I should think.' Before he could say any move, in came Bessie herself, saying that the driver was waiting, and they went out to see her sister off. ' Don't forget your promise,' Jess whispered to him, bending down as he helped her into the cart so low that her lips almost touched him and her breath rested for a second on his cheek like the ghost of a kiss. In another moment the sisters had embraced each other, tenderly enough ; the driver had sounded once more on his awful buglo, and away went the cart at full gallop, bearing with it Jess, two other passengers, and Her Majesty's mails. John and Bessie stood for a moment watching its mad career, as it went splashing and banging down the straggling street to wards the wide plains beyond, and then turned to enter the inn again and prepare for their home ward drive. As they did so, the old Boer, named Hans Coetzee, with whom John was already slightly acquainted, came up, and, extending an enor mously big and thick hand, bid them ' Gooden daag.' Hans Coetxae was a very favourable specimen of the better sort of Boer, and really came more or less up to the ideal picture that is so often drawn of that ' simple pastoral people.' He was a very large stout man, with a fine open face and a pair of kindly eyes. John, looking at him, guessed that he could not weigh less than seventeen stone, and he was well within the mark at that. 'How are you, Captein?' he said in English, for he could talk English well, ' and how do you like the Trans vaal ? — must not call it South African Republic now, you know, for that's treason,' and his eye twinkled merrily. ' I like it very much, Meinheer,' said John. ' Ah, yes, it's a beautiful veldt, especially about here — no horse sickness, no ' blue tongue,' * and a good strong grass for the cattle. And you must find yourself very snug at Om [Uncle] Croft's there ; it's the nicest place in the district, with the ostriches and all. Not that I hold with ostriches in this veldt ; they are well enough in the old colony, but they won't breed here — at least, not as they should do. I tried them once aud I know ; oh, yes, I know.' ' Yes it's a very fine country, Mein heer. I have been all over the world almost, and I never saw a finer.' ' You don't say so, now ! Almighty, what a thing it is to havo travelled ! Not that I should like to travel myself. I think that tho Lord meant us to stop in the place He has made for us. But it is a fine country, and ' (dropping his voice) ' I think it is a finer country than it used 'to be.' ' You mean that the veldt has got ' tame,' Meinheer ?' 'Nay, nay. I mean that tho land is English now,' he answered mysteriously ' And though I dare not say so among my volk, I hope that it will keep English. When I was Republican, I was Republican, and it was good in some ways, the Republic. There was so little to pay on taxes, and we knew how to manage the black folk ; But now I am English, I am English. I know the English Government means good money and safety, and if there isn't a 'Raad' [assembly] now, well, what does it matter ! Almighty, how they used to talk there ?— clack, clack, olack ! just like ?' an old black koran [species of bustard] at sunset. And where did they run the waggon of the Eepublic to — Burgers and thoso damned Hollanders of his, and the rest of them? Why, into the sluit— into a sluit with peaty banks; and there it would have stopped till now, or till tlie Hood came down and swept it away, if old Shep stonc— ah ! what a tongue that man has, and how fond he is of tho kinder ohios !, [little ohildrou]— had not come and pulled it out again. But look hero * A disease that is' very fatal to shcop. , | Captein, the volk round here don't think like that. It's the ' verdomde Britischo Gouvernment ' here and the ' verdomde Britische Gouvernment ' there, and ' bymakaars ' [meetings] here ; and ' bymakaars ' there. Silly folk, ; they all run one after the others like sheep. But there it is, Captein, and I tell you thcro will bu fighting before long, and the' our people will shoot those poor rooibaatjes [red jackets] of yours like buck and take the land back. 'Poor things ! l_could weep when I think of of it.' John smiled at this melancholy pro gnostication, and was about to explain what a poor show all tho Boers in the Transvaal would make in front of a few British regiments, when he , was astonished by a sudden change in his friend's manner. Dropping his enorm ous paw on to his shoulder, Ooetzeo broke into a burst of somewhat forced morrimeut, the cause of which was, though John did not guess at tho moment, that he had just porceivod Frank Muller, who was in Wakker stroom with a waggouload of corn to grind at the mill, standing within five yards, and apparently interested in nipping at the fiiea with a cowrie made of the tail of a ? vilderbeeste, bat in reality listening to Coetzee's talk with all his ears. 'Ha, ha! -!nof'' [nephew], said old Coetzee to tho astonished John, ' no wonder you like Mooifontein — there aro other inooi [pretty] things there beside the water. H -w often do you'opsit'' [sit up all night] with TJncle Croft's pretty girl, eh? I'm not quite as blind as an antbear yet. I saw her blush whon you spoke to her just now. I saw her. Well, well, it is a pretty game for a young man, isn't it, ' nef ' Prank ?' (this wai addressed to Huller). 'I'll be bound tha Captein here 'burns a long candle' with pretty Bessie every night, eh, Prank ? I hope you ain't jealous, 'nef'? My vrouw told me some time ago that you were sweet in that direction your self?' and he stopped at last, out of breath, and looked anxiously towards Muller for an answer, while John, who had been somewhat overwhelmed at this flow of bucolic chaff, gave a sigh of relief. As for Muller, he behaved in a curious manner. Instead of laughing, as the jolly old Boer had intended that he should, he had, although Coetzee could not see it, been turning blacker and blacker ; and now that the (low of language ceased, he, with a savage ejaculation which John could not catch, but which he appeared to throw at his (John's) head, turned on his heel and went off cowards tho courtyard of the inn. ' Almighty !' said old Hans, wiping his face with a red cotton pockethand kerchief ; ' I have put my foot into a big hole. That stink-cat Muller heard, all that I was saying to you, and I tell you he will save it up and save it up, and one day he will bring it out to the volk ami call me a traitor !o fie 'land ' and ruin me. I know him. He knows how to balance a long stick on his little finger so that the ends keep oven. Oh, yes, he can ride two horses at onco and blow hot and blow cold. He is a devil of a man ! And what di.l he mean by swearing at you like that ? Is it about the missie [girl], I wonder? Almighty ! who can say 1 Ah ! that reminds me — though I'm sure I don't know why it should — the Kafirs tell me that there is a a big herd of buck — vilderbeeste and blesbok — ou my out lying place about an hour and a half, [ten miles] from Mooifontein. Can you hold a rifle, Captein? Tou look like a bit of a hunter.' 'Oh, yes, Meinheer!' said John do lighted at tlie prospect of some shoot ing. ' Ah, I thought so. All you English are sportsman, though you don't know how to kill a buck Well uow, you take Om Croft's light Scotch can and two good horses, and come over to my place — not to-morrow, for my wife's cousin is coming to see us, and an old cat she is, but rich ; she has 9 thousand pounds in gold in the waggon-box under the bed — nor the nest day, for it is the Lord's day, and one can't shoot creatures on the Lord's day — but Monday, yes, Monday. You be thereby eight o'clock, and you shall see how to kill vilderbeeste. Almighty ! now what can that jackal Prank Muller have meaut? Ah ! he is the devil of a man,' and, shaking his head ponderously, the jolly old Boer de parted, and presently John saw him departed, and presently John siw him riding away upon a fat little shooting pony that cannot have weighed much more than himself, nnd that yet cantered away with him on his fifteon mile journey as though ho were but a feather-weight. CHAPTER IX. JANTJC'S STOUY. Shortly after tho old Boor had gone, John went into the yard of tho hotel to see to the inspan ning of the Cape cart, when his attention was at onco arrested by the sight of a row in active progress —at least, from the crowd of Kafirs and idlers and tho angry sounds and curses that proceodod from them, he judged that it was a row. Nor was he wrong about it. In the corner of the yard, close by the stable- door, sur rounded- by the aforosaid orowd, stood Prank Muller ; a. heavy sjambock in his raised hand above his head, as though in the act to strike. Before him, a very picture of drunken fury, his lips drawn up liko a snarling dog's, so that the two lines of his white teeth gleamed like polished ivory in the sun light, his small eyes all shot with blood and his face working convul sively, was tho llqtluulot .liiutjo. Nor was this all. Acros* his face was a bluo wh al where tho whip had fallen, and in his hand a heavy white handled knife which ho always carried. 0 ' ' Hullo ! what is all this ?' said John, shouldering his way through tho crowd. ' The' swartsel [black creature] has stolon my horse's forage and given it t-- yours !' shouted Muller, who was evidently almost off his head with rago, making an attempt ;to hit Jantje with a whip as ho spoke. The latter avoided the blow , by jumping behind John, with the result that the tip of the sjambook caught the Englishman on the leg. 1 Be careful, sir, with that whip,' said John to Mullor, restraining his temper, with difficulty. 'Now, how do you know that the man stole your horse's forage ; and what business have you to touch bin ? If there was any thing wrong you shou[d have reported it to me.' 1 He lies, Baas, ho lies !' yelled out the Hottentot iu tremulous, high pitched tones. Holies; he has always boon a liar, and worse than a liar. Yah ! yah ! I can tell things about him, The land is English now, and Boers c.in't kill the black people as thay like. That man — that Boer, Muller, he shot my ^father and my mother — my father first, then ray mother ; he gave her two bullets — 3he did not die the first ti.ae.' 'You yellow devil! — You black skinned, black-hearted, lying son of Satan P roared the great Boer, his very board curling with fury. ' Is that the way you talk to your masters ? Out of the light, rooibaatje' [soldier] — this was toJ ohn — ' and I will cut his tongue out of him. I'll show him how we deal with a yellow liar ;' and without further ado he made a rush for the Hottentot. As he came, John, whose blood was now thoronghly up, put out his open hand, and, bending forward, pushed with all his strength on Muller advancing chest. John was a very powerfully made man, though not a very large one, and the push sent Muller staggering back. ' What do you mean by that, rooi baatje ?' shouted Muller, his face livid with' fury. ' Get out of my road or I will mark that pretty face of yours. I have some goods to pay you for as it is, Englishman, and I always pay my debts. Out of the path, curse you !' and he again rushed for the Hottentot. The time John, who was now almost as angry as his assailant did not wait for him to reach him, but, springingfor ward, hooked his arm around Muller's throat and, before no could close with him, with one tvemendous jerk managed not only to stop his wild career, but to reverse tho motion, and then, by interposing his foot with consider able neatness, to land him — powerful man as he was — on his back in a pool of drainage that had collected from the stable in a hollow of the inn-yard. Down he wont with a splash, aud amid a shout of delight from the crowd, wh i always like to see an aggrsesor laid low, his head bumping with con siderable force against tho lintel of the door. Por a moment ho lav still, and John was afraid that the man was .eally hurt. Presently, however, he ro^e, and, without attempting anv further hoslile demonstration or saying a single word, tramped off towards the house, leaving his enemy to compose his ruffle nerves as besc he could. Now John, like most gentlemen hated a row with all hi-i heart, though he had the Anglo-saxon tendency to go thtongh with it unflinclingly when onco it began. Indood, the whole thing irritated him almost beyond bearing, for he knew that the stovy would with additions go the round of the country-side, and, what is more, that he had made a powerful and implacable enemy. 'This is your fault, you drunken blackguard V he said, turning savagely on the Tottio, who, now that his excite ineut had left him, was snivelling and drivelling in an intoxicated fashion, and calling him his preserver and his Bass in raandlin accents. ' He hit me Bass ; he hit me, and I did not take the forage. He is a bad man, Bass Muller.' ' Be off ivith you and get the horses inspanned j you are half-drunk,' he geowled, and, having seen the opera tion advancing to a conclusion, ho went to the sitting-room of the hotel, when Bessie was waiting in happy ignor ance of the disturbance. It was not till they were well on their homeward way that he told her what had passed, whereat, rembering the scene she had herself gone through with Prank Muller, and the threato that he had then made use of, she looked very grave. Her old uncle, too was very much put out whou he heard iht» story on thoir arrival horns that evening. ' You have made an eumny, Neil,' he said, ' aud a bad one. Not but what you were right to stand up for the Hottentot. I would have done as much myself had I been there and ten years younger, but Frank Mnller is not the man to forget being put upon his back before a lot of Kafirs and white folk too. Perhaps that Jantje is sober by now.' (This conversation took place upon the following morning, as they sat upon the verandah after hreakfasc.) ' I will go aud call him, aud we will hoar what this story is about his father dud mother.' Presently he returned followod by the ragged, dirty, looking little Hottou tot who took off his haD and squatted down on the drive, looking very miser able and ashamed of himself, in the full glare of tlie African sun, to the effects of which he appeared to 'be totally impervious. '; ' Now, Jantje, listen to me,' said the old man. 'Yesterday you got drunk again. Well, I'm not going to talk about that now, except to say that if I find or hoar of you bein^ drtuik once more — you leave this place.' j ' Trta, B.uis,' said _ tlie Hottentot meekly. ' I was drunk, though not very ; I only had half a bottle !of Cape Smoke,' , ? j . ' By getting drunk you made { a quarrel with Baas Muller, so that blows passed between Baas Muller and the Baas here on your account, which was more than you are worth. Now whon Bnas Muller had struok you, you said he had shot vou father and your mother. Was that a lie, or what did you mean by saying it?' ' It was no lie, Baas,' said the Hottentot: ' I have said it once, and I will say it again. Listen, Baas, and I will toll you the story. When I was young— so high ' — and he held his hand high enough to indicate a Tottie of about fourteen-years of age — ' we, that is, my father, myxmother, my uncle — a very old man. older than the Baas ' (pointing to Silas Croft) — 'were bijwoners [authorised squatters] on a place belonging to old Jacob Muller, Baas Prank's father, down in Lyden burg yonder. It was a buah-veldt farm and old Jacob used to come down there with his cattle from the High veldt in the winter when there was no grass in the High veldt, and with him came the Englishwoman, his wife, and the young Baas Prank — the Bass we saw yesterday.' ' How long was this ago ?' askod Mr. Croft. Jantje counted on his fingers for some seconds, and then held up his hand and opened it four times in suc cession. ' So,' he said, 'twenty years last winter. Baas Prank was young then, had only a little down upon his chin. One year when Om Jacob went away, after the first rains, he left; six oxen that were too poo? [thin] to j»o, with my father, and told hin to look after them as though they were his children. But the oxen were be witched. Three of them took the lungsick and died, a lion got one, a snake killed one, and one ate ' tulip ' and died too. So when Om Jacob came back the next year all the oxen were gone. He was very angry with my father, and beat him with a yoke strap till he was all blood, and though we showed him the bones of the oxen, he said that we had stolen them and sold them. ' Now Om Jacob had a beautiful span of black oxen that he loved like children. Sixteen of them were there, and they would come up to the yoke when he called them and put down their heads of themselves. They were tame as dogs. These oxen were thin when they came down, but in two months they cot fat and began to want to trek about as oxen do. At this time they was a Basutu, one of Sequati's people, resting in our hut, for he had hurt his foot with a thorn. When Om Jacob found that the Rasutu was there he was very angry, and he said that all Basutus were thieves. So my father told the Basutu that the Baas said he must go away, and he went that night. Next morning the span of black oxen were gone too. The kraal-gate was down, and they had gone. We hunted all day, but we could not find them. Then Om Jacob got mad with rage, and the young Baas Prank told him that one of the Kafir boys had said to him that he heard my father sell them to the Basutu for sheep which lie was to pay to us in the summer. It was a lie, but Baas Prank hated my father because of something about a woman — a Zulu girl. Next morning when we were asleep, just at daybreak, Om Jacob Muller aud Baas Prank and two Kafirs came into the hut and pulled us out, the old man my uncle, my father, my mother, and my self, and tied us up to four mimosa trees with buffalo reims. Then the Kafirs went away, and Orn Jacob asked ray father where the cattle were, and my father told him that he did not know. Then Om Jacob took off his hat and said a prayer to the Big Man in the sky, and when he had done Baas Frank came up with a gun and stood quite close and shot my father dead, he fell foe ward and hung quiet over the reiins, his head touching his feet. Then ho loaded the gun a»ain and shot th : old man 'ny uncle, and he slipped down dead, and his hands stuck up in the air against the reini Next he shot my mother, but the bullet did not kill her, and cut the roiin, and she ran away, and he ran after her and killed her. When that was done he came back to shoot me ; but I was young then, and did not know that it is better to be dead than to live like a dog, and I cried and prayed for mercy while he was load ing the gun. ' But the Baas only laughed, and he said he would teach Hottentots how to steal cattle, nnd old Oin Jacob prayed nut loud to the Big Man and said he was very sorry for ma, but it was the dear Lord's will. Aud then, just as Baas Frank lifteJ the guu, he dropped it again, for there coming softly, softly over the brow of the hill, in and out between the bushes, wore all the sixteen oxen ! They had got out in tho ni^ht and strayed away into some kloof for a change of pasture, and come back when they were full aud tired of being alone. Om Jacob turned quite white aud scratched his head, and then fell upon his kaees and thanked the dear Lord for saving my life; and just then the Englishwoman, Baas Prank's mother, came down from the waggon . to see what the firing wa* at, and whon she sa.v air the people dead and me weep ing, tied to the tree, and learnt what it was about, she went quite mad, for sometimes 'sho'Tidd a kind heart when she was not drunk, and said that: a curse would fall on them, aud that they would all die in blood. And she to -k a knife and cut me loose, though Baas Prank wanted to kill me, so that I might tell uo tales ; and I run away, travelling by night and hiding by day, for I was very much frightend, till i.l got to Natal, »nd there I stopped, working in N'atal till the land became EuglishjWiieii Ba.Vi Croft Ui--ad mo to drive hiB cart from Maritzburg ;' and living here I fo'uud Baas Prank, look ing bigger but just the same except for his beard. ' There, Baas, that is tho truth, and that is why I hate Baas Frank, because he shot my father and mother, and why Baas Frank hates me, because he cannot forget that he did it and because I saw him do it, for, as the people say, ' one only hates a man one hss wounded with a spear ' '; and having finished his narrative, the miserable looking little man picked up his greasy old felt hat that had a leather strap round the crown, in which were stuck a couple of frayed ostrich feathers, and jammed it down over his ears and then fell to drawing circles on tho soil with his toes. His auditors only looked at ^gg one another. Such a ghastly tale J m seemed to be beyond comment. They ^® || never doubted its truth ; the man's '|| || way of telling it carried conviction M || with it. And, indeed, two of them at ^mM any rate had heard such stories before. *^ Most people have who live in the wilder parts of South Africa, though they are not all to be taken for gospel. ' You say,' remarked old Silas at last,' that the woman said that a curse would fall on them and that they would die in blood ? She waB right twelve years ago Om Jacob and his wifo were murdered by a party of Mapoch's Kafirs down on the edge of that very Leydenburg veldt. There was a great noise about it at the time, I remember, but nothing came of it. Baas Prank was not there. He was away shooting buck, so he escaped, and inherited all his father's farms and cattle, and came to live here.' ' So ?' said the Hottentot, without showing the slightest interest or sur prise. ' I knew it would be so, but I wish I had been there to see it. I saw that there was a devil in the woman and that they would die as she said When there is a devil in people they always speak the truth, because they can't help it. Look, Baa°, I draw a circle in the saud with my foot, and I say some words so, and at last the ends touch. There, that is the circle of Om Jacob and his wife the English-, woman. The ends have touchod and they are dead, An old witch doctor taught me how to draw the circle of a man's life and what words to say. And now I draw another of Baas Prank. Ah ! there is a stone sticking up in the way. The ends will not touch. But now I work and work and work with my foc.t, and say the words and say the words, and so — the stone comes up and thn ends touch now. So it is with Baas Prank. One day the stone will come up and the ends will touch, and he too will die in blood. The devil in the Englishwoman said so, and devils cannot lie or speak half the truth only. And now, look, I rub my foot over the circles and they ar2 gone, and there is only the path again. That means that when they have died in blood they will bn quite forgotten and stamped out. Even their graves will be flat,' and he wrinkled up his yellow face into a smile, or rather a grin, and then added in a matter-of- fact way : 1 Doe3 the Baas wiph the grey mare to have one bundle of green forage or two ?' (To be continued.) 