Mabch 31—REVIEW OF QUARTER'S LESSONS. Golden Text.— 117/0 went abont doing good, and heals ing all that were oppressed of the devil; for Gcd ica n-ith llvn.—Acts 10 : 3S. These words form part of the testimony borne by the Apostle Peter concerning the Christ of God. We are tempted to dwell upon the intensely interesting circumstances under which they are spoken : but we must leave these and think of this "Golden Text" as descriptive of this Quarter's Lessons ; and it admirably covers the ground we have traversed. Our Lessons have been selected from the earlier portion of the Gospel according to St. Maik ; and, throughout, have directed our attention to the helpfulness of the life of Him in whom "dwelt all the fulness of the Godhead bodily." " God was" eminently. '•' with Him" : He dwelt in the Father, and the Father in Him (John 14 •. 11) : He was " God manifested in the flesh'' (1 Tim. 3: l(i), and hence He "spake as never mar. spake." and sustained and vindicated His marvellous claims and His wonderful utterances by His mighty supernatural woiks. Our first lesson this quarter had reference to the mission of John the Baptist, and may be regarded as introductory to the series ; the other Lessons may be comprised under the headings : — Stiimdatinej words and benevolent "vorhs of Jesus Christ. INTRODUCTORY. Recall the first Lesson—the mission of John the Baptist (Mark 1 : 1 —11). Question concerning Old Testament predictions of the coming of the Fore' tinner, eliciting that whilst Ma;k names IsaiaLi only (sec Revised version), having that Prophet's prediction specially in his mind, he really quoted both Malachi and Isaiah. lite Jiaptism of repentance, eliciting that John did not ascribe any purificatory virtue to his baptism, but meant it as a shadow and symbol of the purifying and saving baptism of the Hol v Ghost. The man himself and h is peculiarities of dress rind „food, eliciting that his asceticism was designed to reprove the prevailing self-indulgence, and to stimulate to a purer and more devoted life. The baptitm oj ,/esvs by John, eliciting that this was "with a view to compliance with all the legal ceremonial Tcquirements, thus indicating the perfect spi'it of obedience manifested by Christ : and that this was also His formal inauguration to His great woik, the symbol of the dove setting frrth the gentle, loving spirit by which Christ should win the world. STIMULATING WORDS OF .IKSUS CHRIST. Teaching was one of the methods adopted by Jesus Christ, and many of His instructive utterances have come before us in our Les- ons. Among these we may specially rote the following : — The strong confidence expressed by Christ. "He taught as one that hath authoiity" (1 : 22), He came from Go i. "God was with Him," and hence there was no uncertainty in His teachings ; it was not for Him to diwuss but to jiroiamncr. The. delightful freshness "_cf His instruction^. He taught " nut as the scribcs " (1 : 22), who consulted old parchments, and reiterated threadworn traditions, but He presented truth in forms novel and new. The stri!;ir,g illustrativcness of His style. He spake in parables. [Que stion concerning the Parable of the Sowc-r, the classes represented and the effects produced! He used also symbols— the little child (9 : 3G). The marked directness by which He was characterized as Teacher (2 : 17J. His mission was not to the self-righteous and self- sufficient, but to the needy, and His one purpose was to do them good. "The People', —the inner circle of His disciples —the fond mothers — the little children—the enquiring youth. He sought to bless and eniich them all. and to speak to each the most appropriate and helpful word. Jiis univenricd devoted ness. (See 1 : 3S : 2: 13 : € : G.) Jiis intense prayeifulncss (1 : 35), We might have expccted that great success would immediately have resulted from such teaching as this, hut it was not so. At Capernaum the people were arrested by His miracles,anei wert astonished at His utterances (1 : 21. 22 ; 2: 1, 2) ; but no very deep and abiding impression was produced, and He had at length to utter the sad condemnation, "And thou, Capernaum" (Matt. 11 : 23. 21), and at Nazareth He felt himself as a prophet in His own country, and who is without honor (6 : 4), and marvelled because of the unbelief of the people G : G), Yet he did not " fail," nor was He "discouraged." for He knew that, through apparent defeat and dishonour, His Kingdom should come with power (S : 31 ; 9 : 1). And so it has proved, and hence to-day His truth is touching every shore, and his teachings permeating and moulding society. Let us heed His words ! "Jesus and Master! these sayings oE Thine Help me to moke them doings of mine .'" BENEVULENT WORKS OF JESUS CHRIST. A considerable number oE the miracles of Christ have come before us in our Letsons this Quarter. Many of these are comprised in the expressions used in the Golden Text—" Healing all that were oppressed of the devil" (1: 23-28, 32—3-1.39; 5: 1—17). M hilst it is difficult to comprehend the exact nature of this form of afflie.-tion, we can understand the great spiritual truth thus suggested to us, even that Christ can fiee from terrible bondage those who have loug yielded to unholy passions, and been under the dominion of evil habits. Mention the other casts of healing recorded, and elicit their spiritual import. The Golden Text suggests that Christ's whole course was marked by "doing good." We should seek His indwelling in our hearts by faHh and in the power of His Suirit, that so we also may, as His followers, live useful lives. Mr. Moody has been conducting seiviccs during January in San Francisco, and an extraordinary impression has been miidt^. Among those who have publicly profes-ed conversion is the Attorney General, Genrga H. Williams He ro-e and asked the prayn-s of God's people, and afterwards declared that his burden was ' rolled off.' During one i>f Mr. Moody's discourses on sowing and reaping, the preacher denounced the wa.v society treated women who had been betrayed, while the betrayer passed umebuked. The speaker's words were lost in a tumult of applause. The audience ehouted, ' Well said—'ti-i true I ' and it was with difficulty Mr. Moody risumtd his discourse. 