CORRESPONDENCE. Akgiicax Svnod—The Bishoi's Ad dress. To the Editors of the Armidale Express. GektIiEMEK—With your permission, may I take the opportunity of referring to certain utterances made by the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale in his address to the Anglican Synod, held in this city on the 2Cth ult., as reported in your paper. My reasons for doing it are, that the con nection between the various sections of the Christian Church is such as to give them some general and common interests, and that, in this colony the Anglican Church stands first in numerical strength and importance. It is certainly not my conscious intent to write a word in a par tisan spirit. Let me give the Bishop credit for delivering an address, the draw ing up of which must have cost him la borious preparation, and which was ex haustive as to the matter of its treatment. Cemetery management and the inter ment af the dead form a conspicuous part in that discourse. It appears that there is an 1' absence of any clearly defined law in the Church Act" about this, giving rise to difficulties, for steering their course through which Bishop Turner gave instructions to the Synod. The death of an uubaptised child of unbelieving parents, at whose burial in a Church of England cemetery a layman read the Burial Ser vice of the Anglican Church, led the Bishop to say that " an nnbaptised child's body may not be interred in the Church of England burial ground at all," and that "It is a serious question whether he, as sole trustee of the cemetery, ought not to en ter an action for trespass against both parties, that the right to do this kind of thing, or not, may be clearly decided." I do not feel that it is necessary for me to comment on the above. We are told in the address that " an unbaptised child is not a Christian," and, just afterwards, tw. the " Church does not pass any j judgment on the state of the dead un- , baptised, though her enemies are careful j to represent that she does." This is rather a difficult problem for solution, and one that I shall not attempt. I am not well learned in the Anglican Catechism, . but recollect something in it to this effect, that " baptism is an outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace." The aign of a grace is not the grace itself, nor yet the cause of its bestowal. But the address states that " the Church of England believes, as the Holy Scripture teaches, the Sacrament of Baptism makes every child necessarily, and every adult, worthily receiving it a Christian, and none may be so reckoned without baptism." This is the reason " she declines knowingly to nse her consolatory words of Salvation at the funeral of an unbaptised person." j Well, gentlemen, there are millions of Anglican laymen and thousands of her clergymen who believe in the Bible and in their Church, but who protest against auch a dictum as the above. I say, in no partisan spirit, that it is Sacramental High Cburchism, and nothing eke, that leads Bishop Turner to close the cemetery against unbaptised persons, against un baptised infants, seeing that his own words clearly show it. And 1 suspect very much that uo baptism would be con sidered valid, as showing anyone to be a Christian, unless performed by an or dained minister, according to the Angli can form. Let me, however, be here on my guard, for my desire is to treat the subject dispassionately. This matter of Church burial ground is carried on pretty well through the address, and brings us to its close against one dying "not a member of the Church of Eng land in any sense." An actual case is mentioned of a person having a dead one to bury, neither the survivor nor the dead having during life used, but openly re fused our ministry, and not in the least intending to use our ministry at the funeral, who finds suddenly at the last moment that the minister, who otherwise would have been undoubtedly preferred to ours, is absent, and who, thinking the Church of England minister is better than none, though not so good as their own, asks him to conduct the funeral. Well, sirs, what if thiB deceased gentleman had been baptised in infancy in the Church of England % According to the Bishop's own showing, that made him a Christian. I can almost venture to say that the de ceased in question was so baptised. And, what if he experienced the richer baptism of the Holy Ghost, and was a respected and exemplary Christian in his life, tbougb not at tbe time of bis deatb an at tendant of the Church of England ? Does the Church of England refuse to provide cemetery room for the body of one whose soul is received in Heaven, and whose body at the general resurrection will most assuredly ascend with Christ 1 But the , Bishop puts the case as if the minister was asked to bury in this instance in an other cemetery than his own. I hardly think he waB truly informed on this— doubtless through some misunderstanding. But if that were so, in many cases charity, under peculiar circumstances, has induced Episcopalian clergymen to inter for-Dis eenting Ministers in Dissenting Ceme teries, and, under such circumstances, Dissenting Ministers have interred in Episcopal ground for their Episcopal brethren. But, gentlemen, tbe objection of the Church of England ground being closed against any but their own flock vanishes in the case of burial by an Epis copal clergyman in the cemetery of an other church. I now leave this subject of burials. It Is a wonder to me that it has so large a place in this lengthy and evidently care fully prepared address. I expected to find more space given to the more im portant and instructive matter of leading bearers to pardon and salvation by faith fp Christ. But I suppose the tone of the discourse throughout is due to High Churchism, or the Bitualistic Spirit. In the address we are brought through tbe graveyard to the marriage ceremony. And here the Bishop finds it necessary to caution his clergy against marrying men with their nieces. He. very unnecessarily ' refers to some Wesleyan preacher who j married with iiis niece, implying that she was a niece by blood relation, whereas there was no blood relation in the case re ferred to. I fail to Bee either the charity or the propriety, on such an occasion, of ■ fishing up such a matter as this in such a ' way as to insinuate a relation that has no existence. Are the clergymen of the Church of England in this diocese in such danger of marrying uncles with their nieces, or nephews with their aunts, that the Bishop, in order to warn tbem against. it, felt it necessary to paint a horrible case : out of a harmless instance 1 And then, are Anglican clergymen so bonnd that they cannot perform a marriage without get ting their Bishop's consent to do it in every instance ? Do Church rules requite that a clergyman perform no marriage out j of his own parish ? Have they a Govern- j ment license-only to marry each one in ' his particular parish, or diocese, or throughout the whole colony ? When the parties married have their own prefer ences as to where they will be married, and as to who will perform the ceremony, has it come to this, that a. Bishop is to interpose his veto against it, or to bring the matter up before bis Synod 1 Are these matters worthy the discussion of learned and ordained men, and then to be put in print for fear they will be for gotten 1 In the second place, gentlemen, I thought that marriage with a deceased wife's sister is pretty well settled in this colony, as, Biblical and legal, whatever the feeling about this may be at home, I cannot see the conclusiveness of Bishop Turner's interpretation on this point, and iu this I give him credit for all the learn ing he claims to possess. It is to be noticed that all the reasoning here ad verse to marriage with a deceased wife's sister is founded upon a single passage of Scripture (Deut. 27v., 23), which, iu the authorised Version, and in the new Revi sion, reads: " Cursed be he that lieth with his mother-in-law. And all the people shall say Amen !" It is said that the word translated, mother-in-law is sometimes used to mean sister-in-law. The point is, which was it used to express in this passage. The translators of our English Bible, with the Septu&gint; ver sion of the Old Testament before them, took it to mean mother-in-law. They were led to do this not only by their criti cal knowledge of the ancient languages, but also by the light of their own reason, j their acquaintance with Israelitish prac tice and custom, and, we may well be lieve, with the guidance of the Divine Spirit. Besides, it is hardly necessary for ] me to say that, not only in Scripture, but in all writings, the sense of any particular passage can generally be ascertained by its comparison with other portions of the same writing, from which has been de rived that rule of Scripture interpretation known as "The Analogy of Faith,' principle which the Bishop appears to completely ignore, but to which those who rendered Co than mother-in-law in our Version bad respect. Where, gen tlemen, ib the moral wrong of mariying with a deceased's wife's sister ? If there is any wrong in it, will the Bishop kindly tell us to which of the ten command ments it does violence ? If it could be shown that it is against the ritual or judi cial law of Moses, which it cannot be, even in that case, if it is not forbidden in the Moral Daw, it cannot be binding upon us. I say, where is the wrong of this ? Is there any sense of wrong about it, in any man's conscience? Does the world look upon anyone as being a worse man j than he was before for marrying his de- , ceased wife's sister? I have alluded | to this subject, because the Bishop's views j affect more than his own clergy, whom be , expects not to perform marriage in such a ' case. I know respectable men who have married their deceased wife's sister. There i may be such in thiB city and district of Armid&le.; Upon these, the Bishop's re marks would place a stigma, though they may be amongst the most respectable and Christian numbers of the community. The subject is evidently one of public in terest. It is not necessary to comment upon Bishop Turner's uncalled for assault upon onr Education Act. There was a time when such a discussion would be oppor tune. The best supporters of the Educa tion Act, of which I claim to be one, see no need of pointing out its merits. That, unlike many other Acts, particularly our Land Act, it has worked so long without amendment, and giving great satisfaction to the vast majority of our people, is proof of the foresight and impartiality with which it was devised, and of the piaiseworthiness of those who enacted it into law. Should the time ever come, | when the principles of our Education Act are brought into danger, I shall feel it | necessary to do what I can in its support. j But I cannot see any need for this arising I out of the remarks against that Act, which j have fallen from the 3ips of the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. i We are informed that" the best present remedy against the laxity of our colonial j Marriage Act is the elevation of the cha racter of marriage itself in our people's minds, informing them of its sacredness, of its Sacramental character, and the need that there is that it be not under taken hurriedly or at all lightly." With much of this we must agree, but not to the extent of making marriage a Sacrament. Sacred as the Act of marriage is and so lemn, I hope that no Bishop of the Church of England imagines he has the power to elevate it into another Sacrament with Baptism and the Lord's Supper. While the solemnisation of marriage initiates the parties into marriage life and is a i covenant between them before God that they will be true to their espousals, we are not to confound that with any sign or I covenant respecting the Kingdom of j Heaven, or suppose that those married are J necessarily living members of the Cbnrch of Christ. To do so is contrary to the J teaching of the Church of England, which admits only the two Sacraments of Bap-; t-iBtn and the Lord's Supper. But Bishop Turner, contrary to the teaching of his own Church, and, as Protestant Churches believe, contrary to Bible teaching, is for elevating the character of marriage into a Sacrament. Well, it is late in time to attempt this now, and let me say that it is more than the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale has power to perform. Speaking of Wilberforce and some others, the Bishop says, " All honour to their names, akd peace to their souls," in violation to the teaching of his Chnrch that prayers are not to be offered for the dead. I refer to these matters in no par tisan spirit, fant unwillingly, because it appears to me my duty. It may be, that I am to some extent actuated by the as persions which Bishop Turner seems to seek opportnnity for casting against other religious denominations, quite as sincere in their love of truth, and zealous in the advancement of it, as his own. It ap pears to me that he could have instructed his clergy in all things needful without giving the prominence he has done to mat ters that must give offence in private di rections. I miss the spirit of Christian love and Catholicity that might have cha racterised the address of such a person, and on such an occasion. Evidence of such a spirit would have done good, for which I should have been amongst the first to honour him. But I deplore the effects that may arise from censoriousness with little or no occasion, and intolerance of the honest views and feelings of others in such a community as ours. For I feel that infidelity owes much to a narrow Churchism with its disdain of other sec tions. -Yours, &c.;, William Glassox. 