' PURGATORY; OR AN INCOMPLETE SALVATION." The eev. Joseph Walker reached i th engregationlal Choroh, o0 Snode7 eveaiag last, on thabe above subject, to another very large congregation. He took for hie text 1 John I and 7-" The blood of Jesus Christ Rie Son oleanseth us." In reference to purgatory, he said, he would follow hise osal custom, and give them the doctrine of the Roman ChOureh on the senbject in words from the most cnimr peachable of their own books. In "Catholio Belief" (cnd forther reading of Roman Cathelej booka hbad only confirmed the impression that in that mancal the statements, from a Boman Catholic stand-point, were mostearefsllymade) it said: "Purgatory is esttse of saferinag, after this life, in which those sonls are form time detained which depart this lifo after their deadly mine have been remitted as to the adln ao guilt and as to the everlasting pain that wae dce to them; bht which monos have, on account of those sine, still some debt of temporal punishbment to pay; as also these monle which leave this world goilty only of venial mnic. In porgtaory these sonls are pdri. fled, and rendered fit to ester heaven, where nothing defiled eaters. Catholics believe that a Chriatian who dies after the guilt and ever. lasting punishment of mortal ein have been forgiven him, buht who, either from want of opportunity or throogh him negligene hao not discharged the debt of temporal punishment -doe to his sin, will have to discharge that debt to the joatice of God in purgatory. Thea believ e alo that thee, hristias who die wis the guilt of venial sin only uon their sonl do not immediately enter heaven where 'nothing defiled' can enter, bt go first to pnurgatory for an allotted time, and, after being pr8fied then from the eltei of those venial or leuser fenlts, are admitted into heaven. As to the plhsce, maonner, or ind .of these sufferings, nothing hba been deed by the Cherech." pnreferanc-e to the iatter sentence, the priestsn had on frtherban thea were e wer jfied by ea ir Church, for some of their printed desiriptionn of porgatory woold almoet rival, in their hor rbwle realism, the "Inoferno" of Dante, and in some Roman Dathoeodhororhes, on the GContl untof Ecrpepeepioiaily, there had been piotor; of persons in purgatory whiuh rlpa0ta them asn sffetring the horrible ponistOmeit o ciaterial fire. There were Roman C&thbli.; owtci wmsneotablf the Catechis m of the aoeni. of irent-waich defaed purgatoryma a "nie t, rmeocea in wniol? the souls of the piouns make expiation for a certain period, that an entrance may be opened for them in that eternal onentry where nothing that defileth sae enter." The Romaneista believed in we lation to purgatory, that it was a pleae for thl pious, or those whose siom hed ?lready b n forgiven; thata person might have hm aie forgiven and yet there might bh some panish. ment due to him sins, which punishnent he wiild have to receive in purgatory before he was fit for heaven ;a that tht enmperal pila meet was exated, ein purgatory, by lheaEue of God, from those whom fe had already for. given; and that tha prayuer, moesse, an almsgiving bf the faithful on rth caol shorten the period of pnishment in purgatolry, If the Romaniata were right, how cnch Pr testonte were losing; blindfolded on a mOat awful and important subject, putting from them the allevio atios of purgatory. If tshe were wrong, then how feanrf lly they mirepIe. bentented and dishonoured the charater of God, and the atoning work of Jess Chrint; ow th y woonde ande aonised the tenders feelings of humaeity, snd erected offerings en grounds the most false and cruel that cold be well imagined. They ahoeld see on what groends the oemnanist based their doctrine o1 purgatory. They laid great stress on a pammag in the2ud Maccabeesa, 12 and 43.to 48, wh?re Judas, th _tommander, wa represented -a sending 12.000 druooms of silver to Jer__alem for prayeres to habe offered for the sins of the dead, followed by this applicationo: "It in, therefore, a holy and wholesome thoeght to fpray for the dead, that they may be looed from sins." Romaninse musthave been ha pressed when gronding their doctrine of prgatory on e paasege hire that, for it really gave no oloer to the Popish dohtria ofr purgatory. Th next, to be noticed we Matthew i, and 25 and 28, "Be at agreement with thy adversry betimes whilst thobghit in the way with him, lest, perhaps, the. vernary deliver thee to the jrdge, and ths judge deliver thee the odfoer eod then be coast into prison, Amen ;, I say to thee thoa shalt not go oute from t menee till thof repay the last lfathiong." There was not a hint, in that Soriptore, of pargatare, as held by Roman Cvtholima. The next wos Matthew 12, and 32, "And whosoevser shall speak a word against the Son of Man it shall be foa. given him; hot he that shall speak against the oHely thost it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world nor in the world to come." From that it woa ergoed that there wase forgiveness sometimesa in the world to ame, but if they read in Mark , and 29, they-wouald see that the meanig was that fo the sin against thes Holy Ghost there wan no forgiveness. Then they quoted let Corinthi. sos, 3, and l to 15 "Ne W, if any man boild open this foundation-.gold, silver, preeiouo stones, wopd, hay, atbble: Erery man's work shall be m ianfete for the day of the Lord shall declare it, Seaunse it shall be re vealed in fir s e : ad the fitre shall try eve man's .work of what nort it . If any man'S workn abide, whioh he hath bonuilt thereupon, he shall receive a reward. If any man's work born, he shall sotr lose, bat he himself shsll be saved, yet so as by fire." Paul tesght thet every man's work shoold be tried, bob then Roman eatholies did not believe that ery mons? went to purgatory, eo that that pThsge ecoolS cot teach purgatory as they taght it, aond hby no stretch of the imaginatioan moold any ratneclt person find any groand'for purgatory in it. The last Scripture quoted in proof of purgatorey wa let Peter, B, and lI9ed 20--" In which ales coming he preached to those spirit, that were in prison, which had beeo aometime incredelons when they *ilied for thepatienes of God in thed dsymof 'Roe, when the ark was a building wherein a few, that is, eight souls wareaeved by water."' For the Romnnieta to rightly claim thstptseage they woold have to resonetruot their purgatory altogether. He would not be doing juotitee to the Rom'eniete if he did not state that they based their anthority for porgatory more en the teachings of the Fatbera than on the teaub ing of the Bible, end toey eobold remember that most of the Fathers wrote when the Chrietian religion had boen greatly unerepted, that they often dimagraed with and sontra dieted each other, and sometimes most e.. blushingly contradicted themselveo. Bome. thing very like the Roman .aootries of puorg torv woe found in the sixth book of the em of Virgil, but not the faintest mention of asob a dogma was found in the New Testament. Neander said that "whoever wae a member of the orthodox Catholie Chunch, and, at the same time led a vicious life, was taeght that: he would possess this advantage over the onl.. believing that, although he needed to pus. through snch a purification alter death. he woold still in the end attala to salvation."' And so that terrible dogma, bern of paganimn. and cOrruption, had been propagotid to the discomfort and possible 0ms of millions of sonlm. When they came to the New Testament it was like passing from some diseaser-ifected nova to the life-giving bremacs of a monutaln, There they no longar saw God fostivin the siam of the penitent, and then pnamwhing them in purgatory as a setimfaotion to H?i justios, bht saw Bi?n frely abd fullrftaagivieg all who penitentl believed on His Son, Jeamn Christ, amd the New Testament was fell of Sor:pturma which epohe of the rigbteons enter lng, at death-not into pergatory bht it the immediate preseneeof Jeaus Christ. Ia am.- ming op, they obnerved that the teaching of the Roman Oherbh, in relation to pgatory, dii. honoared the oeareoter of God,, degereoated the atonement of Christ, and croelly poten neneosseary berden of bondags and fear open all believers who were ooaneoted with her eon. menion ; that the teauhing of the New Tests. ment represented the salvation of the Gosmel s the free gift of God's grave throegh Jeas Chrimt their Savionr t and that it was the bland of J?eosChriet and not porgatorial fire,that too the guilt and oe.seqoenes of in entlrely any. This earmon, like itm predeemore, wa lstes to throogboot with the deepn attention. 