JS-host Stozy, by Sabah doudney. She did not tell the story very often.. In the first place, stye was a, women of few words, who loved better to listen -than to talk 5- -and in the second pla^ fe^ l^ple believed the when theyheatflit. That is, they part of it j and when . MiSs^Tweed saw an in «redulqus_€Xpression on the feces of ber heaters she was apt to feel a little ^ngcy<r,3/Her anger did not burn fiercely and it never lasted long ; but sbe'&as; one of the truest little persons iatlie world, and to be doubted was painful to her. So that it was no easy jjiattertto. overcome berT reserve ; aiid I do not iMnkl (should ever, have? beard her ghost Story if certain circum-j stances had not drawn us closely together. We were sitting in the front parlor cf an old house ainong the hills.; Not Stern Thills with rugged sides and jnlghty chasms, but quiet heights rising gently against the sky—hills ^kt%ade y<Ki think of peace and rest. The windows looked put upon a garden and beyond the gate there was a white road that went wending away until it was lost to sight in the rfolds of the Xaiai^xI#• evenifig In summer time. .... I had come to this tranquil nili countiy to find refreshment and repose, and jmy days were, rspeiit in adreaniy cflim ^Wben I waited • u companion Miss Tweed came to sit with me in the fjront parlor, which had been giten op to jmy - use. - "Very soon.it j^ouldbeAcc pu^lort &d; engaged maHng^e^fiopring for the gbfa and cbairs. 5atit would never be gieat)y alte^edi ^nd homodern decora tor would make it unlike this dim, old fashioned room, sweet with flower scents, and full of golden lights and shadows. To me it had always seemed a veritable Chamber .of Peace. * Miss Twefed,* I said, suddenly breaking apausej ' I want to bear your ghost fltory.' A slight trouble appeared tor a a moment on Miss'Tweed's forehead ; but it was a frown Which did not show III " temper in the least. ^ It merely betokened a little perplexity and in decision. < Mrs. Gallaway . .must have, been tattlingff fm * bftaid* remarked. * And yet it isn't ber way.' i-s ''She *did ?not rtattle,5 T deckreB stoutly. ^She only ^aid you had had a very strange experience, and when 1 questioned her she admitted that you bad seen a ghost.' . f Edward's mother believes in my "glibst because she believes in me,' Mi?§ Tweed replied,^ after, a moment's yon would. You see, you are wiser and more enltivated than we ave, and would explain it away.3 t Yet wisdom -and cultivation have neyer quite„ succeeded in explaining away gb ostsf said :I.~< 'Anyhow,' she, "answered solemnly, * I will tell you .one thing. I neyer believed in ;ghosts till I saw one with, my owrieyeB.' ; And then She told me her story. ^ ; Aniy Tweed was born in Hillshire," scarcely two miles away from the old farmhouse _in; which . I met her first. IS was a bumble home, but.cheery and sweet, as such country homes are wont to be when good "folks "live Vin them; The father, Daniel Tweed, was a plain man, but shrewd- withal, and he had managed to put by a little money for bis son Dan and his daughter Amy, < You'll be taking a husband one day, my dear,' lie used to say to this girl, 'and yoii won't gotobim quite emptv-handed. I hope he'll be someone who belongs to this part of the world, Amy; I don't like strangers, you know.' , eI don't think I shall ever care for a stranger, father,' she replied, a warm color tinging her cheeks. ' I'm not fond of new faces tnyself.' . And Daniel Tweed exchanged a meaning glance with bis son' Dan, for they both knew that Amy's heart was given to one wbo was not a, stranger. They had seen ber eyes brighten when Noel Bennett came to spend his holi days with dis people at "Orchard Farm : andaltbbughthe Bennetts had always held ftheir heads above the Tweeds, yet they 4iad small cause to be proud. For ' it was through the' influence of William Tweed, a shopkeeper in London, - that Noel bad got a clerk's place m an office in the city. To be sure the salary was not high, and Noel was glad.of any Help;that could be bad from his friends. But he was a clever fellow,'tull of strong hope and. am bition,. and everyone prophesied that he would make his way in the world. One ^evening Daniel Tweed stood leaning on-his gate, and looking up at the broad golden Slope of the great cornfield that lay between his cottage and Orchard. heat of the longJ^u"Iyday 'was_delicate scents c&me; fibafcing towards' him from the tali) lilies in bis garden—the lilies that Amy .bad ; alwiays tendered with pride and care. His heart was full of Amy as he stood there in the sweet stiilaess of the evening, and as he looked up the slope life saw two figures coniing down, aide by side, along the narrow path that raii iiiirongh the ' corni"*. 1 Noel and Au»y>' he said to himself. 'I wonder whether they've been • settlmg anything ?J Yes, tliey had been settling some thing. To the last day of her life Amy will never see the scarlet poppies growingjamong jbheamber corn without thinking pf herear|y;lnye. A woman never forgets her fiist offer. Although the man who macje'tt might be puzzled it he were a8T?^;when -and_where be spoke the wowjsj ^5 remembers time ■ and place. She k^^s'IMt the epot in the path wher^ W pdtiMd and told Jt«r that he loved lier ; and she would re cognise that spot even if it were, built upon, and covered over with bricks, and changed to all other eyes. But. the place where .Noel told his love is not changed, and the narrow way runs down the slope of the broad field to this very day. Amy Tweed was not thought pretty by the people amongst whom she lived, but even in these early rural days slife never Had quite the usual aspect of a country girl. Her complexion was pale, and she was dark-haired and giey eyed,:'|i»hile most of the girls around her were fair and rosy. Noel Bennet, however, admired her graceful fignre, and the way in which she wore her cotton gowns and simple bonnets, and as he led her up to the gate there was a look of triumph in his handsome face, which told that he was proud of the woman he had won. When they were close to him Daniel Tweed lifted his arms from the gate, and opened it to let them enter. His daughter looked at him with a blush aiid - a smile as she ran past him into the cottage, and he smiled back at her. Yet,»happy , as she was, a sudden shadow seemed to fall.on Amy's heart at that moment. It struck her that her father was looking old and woro, and that the aspect of his kind old face was altered. The old man and the young one re mained together In the garden, and Noel asked Daniel for his daughter in a , plain,: manly fashion. The answer was just what he had expected. Darnel was quite ready to give his consent to the engagement, and thought .all the better.of Noel for. not pleading for an early marriage. , 'You're both yonng, Noel,'he Said, 'and it'll be well for you toclimb a little higher np the hill before you take a wife. . - My girl will have "something 'of her own,'and that'll help you when the time conies. There's six tundied pounds—three hundred a piece for her and Dan.' That was the last talk that Daniel ever had with his intended son-in-law. He died six weeks laterj, and the brother and sister/were left in the old cottage alone. * I can't bear the place now,' wrote Amy to her lover. ' And Dan is going to marry Lazzie Ward, and I fancy I could ,not get on with her very well. He wisLes me to live here as usual, but I will do as-you tell me, Noel. You want me to come to London, and get into a dressmaking business.. It is a good idea ; I have always been fond of making gowns, and I think I might do well if I were properly taught.' So Ainy went to London, and proved herself so clever that she was received into:j3&adame; -Victorine's. fashionable establishment intlie West End. Uncle Tweed; had kindly offered to investiier three' htindred pounds, a nd I she had such perfect confidence in his I sagacity that she^put the money into his hands. Noel, loo, had faith in JJnele William,' and ifor some time ^things went oh ■" very" well. Noel liked to have.his sweetheart near him. j he. was prondi«f%er-im proved appearancefand the readiness; with -whichshe adapted herselfjto town ways. He thought a great deal of her money, too, and was always turoin| the three hundred into three thousand, in his mind. And Amy, although she never ceased to mourn for her. father, was happy, in Noel's love, and contended with her new life. Two years went by, and MissTweed was reckoned one of the best hands in the dressmaker's establishment. Ma dame Victorine occupied a large bouse in H—— street, 'Cavendish* Square, and Atny had ooreasoh to complain of ber quarters, for Madame vras conside rate. Her young women worked hard, bnt they . ate good. food and slept in comfortable roomsand if. Amy., Some times sent a longing thought to her old coiintry home, she had no wish to give up her situation and return to Hill shire. Noel was always -devoted j now. and then there wwe. leisure hours wbich they could spend . together, and on the whole Fate was kind io them both. It was at Christmas that a crushing blow fell npon her. Uncle William bad been unfortunate in his investments, .-and her three hundred pounds had gone, with some of bis own money. The poor man was bitterly j-orry for her loss, and his regret was so genuine that she would have forgiven him at once if it bad not been forNoel. Bnt-Noel would not hear of forgive-j ness. He deemed to have forgotten the kindness he had received himself from Uncle William, and Amy was worn out with listening to the liarsh things spoken of her relations. It was the most miserable Christmas that she ! had ever known. ' Don't say any more about my wretched money, Noel,' she entreated at last. ' We. are both earning Some thing ; we have youth and strength and love. Surely we are not bo very badly off, after all.' * Youth. and strength and love!' he repeated scornfully. * They are fine things to begin life with, but they are not warranted to wear.' It was the first time she had caught a glimpse of the true nature of Noel Benhet, and after that revelation she seemed to have entered into' a-changed world. Her Noel, whom she bed Iov^d so well, had vanished, and this bard sneering man bad taken his place. . It scarcely surprised berwhen he proposed that they should break off their engage ment. Times were hard, he said }, things looked black in the City j ie feared; that it would be a. long while before he could provide for a wife. Was it not better, therefore, to say good- bye ? ThexLulldays came and went, and Amy worked hard as nsnal; but when the working hours were over there was no . joy for her. The other girls bad their sweethearts, some real, - pad some make believe, bat Miss TwetiS was leftalone. : The weather was bitterly cold, and the people were crying ou' for bread ; and Amys aching heart took up the cry. She, too. was starved with heart-hnngerj; she, too. was poor, but it hard to 1 live in such a cruel world. Bo it pame to pass that she spent all her leisure time among the distressed and unem ployed, listening to tbeir grieyanc^, doing all that she couhno relieve their sufferings, and blending their sorrows with her own. ! The winter passed; the spring came, and Madame Victorine's hands were busy from morning till night, it promised to be a brilliant season; but Amy foiled away at the l^utiful I dresses with many a bitter thooghtot i t hose who ■■ would wear them. J. bey : were all so rich and giddy and ^hear t less—these fashionable ladies—she said < to herself. Day after'day the^camagfcs came rolling , to Madame's door, and Madame hereelf, all smiles and deference, decided the itnppi^antja^ tion of what they were to wear on this ahd; that occasion. Misa T^ecd gi®|P SiSk of the. patrician fa^ ^nd ^raMea voices. Surely they were d^ls, *nd not creatures who would suflfer an love as she bad done 1,.She ,w<nOMot-; believe-there was sash* a tiling as a heart to he found among them. _ ■ . -In. -May inhere «amfe <g»l%did wedding order, which set even Madame Victorine's calm bosom ro a „, The only daughter ot tha Bar! of Ironside was to be married to Loid| Arthur Malvern and nothing else was ; talked of in the workrooms. lhe( fashionable world, too, had a ^"f^dea! j to say kbOut thematch. Lord Arthur,; although hei was a Duke's son, was a poor man, and it was thought he was moreMove with Lady 1 &an; L^fly Clara herself. Ail kinds of rumors were afloat; some , said the bridegroom .elect was desperately enamoured of a pretty actress, and detested the golden fetters that circum stances werte forcing upon him ; others declared that there was not a °| truth in this story, and averred that his lordship, having duly sown his wild oats, desired to settle in an orthodox way, and had made a sensible choice I But while there were a hundred opinions about Lord Arthur, there was onl r one about Lady Glara. Everyone belived thatshe was deeply and sincerely attached to him—that is everyone jn her own circle. Miss Tweed, being quite outside this, circle, had by no means made up her mind about the I matter. It chanced one morning, when the wedding-day was drawing near, that I Amv Tweed and Lady Clara Berkeley (were brought face to face. It fell to I Amy's lot to carry some articles into Madame's reception-room for her lady I ship's approval; and the working-gul I looked at the earl's daughter with , a certain degree of curiosity. She was conscious that the lady, in her turn, looked at her; a quiet cold scrutiny^ Lady Clara was tall, fair, and golden haired. Her features were delicately chiselled, but the face was too still to be really . beautiful. To Amy x«he seemSd^isSchill ?is ice and av prou€ as Lucifer. 'They are all alike—all heartless— these aristocratic women,' she thought. < 2>["o wonder that tbey cannot feel for the misery of the poor! And yet Lady Clara will get all that she wants, i while I. who am born with a warm heart, am doomed to desolation!...! suppose she does care a little for Lord Arthur in that frozen way of hers. But what is it that the song says? 1 "Unless you can die. when the dream is past, Oh fear to call it loving !' . .. Well, it'jsjqpjte Certain that she, would not die if she lost her lover.' That year the June weather was intensely: bright and unusually warm. The' hiding things were not so iiear completion as they ought to have been. Every nerve was strained ; the hands were busy early and late, and Madame was .growing anxious and -irritable. Miss Tweed, however, kept her head cool, and to her wias entrusted the task of putting the finishing touches on the bridal dress. A bitter task it was trnly;! As the .girl set her careful stitches she thought of the wedding grown that she had hoped to uialce for herself. Regrets, longings, passionate prayers, kept pace with the swift needle, and were mixed up with bunches of orangfrbloSBom and masses of lace. The robe that was to be worn in glad ness was rnade in sorrow ; and it is the same with a good deal of the dressmak ing that is done every day. It was on the twelfth of June, two days after Ascot, that a startling rumor began to be circulated in the work rooms. The girls were saying openly that- the. greater part of ILady Cora's fortutie waSgone. 'ThejEar^of Iron side"Tia3 lost bis "dangbter's money on the racecourse; it was true—quite true!' Miss Tweed checked the chat terers rather sharply. 'She did not believe a word of it,' she said ; ' and if | tbey did not attend to their work the dresses would never be finished.' So tbey all toiled on, reminding eachc$,lie£ that the wedding'was^xed. for the sixi; teenth, and there'realiy was nbtVsingle : minufo^bj^iare. ^ ^^ ip $ The night of the fourteenth came ; a | .night so warm and still that it might have belonged to July or August. The clocks in the neighborhood had struck •twelve half an hour "ago, and Miss "Tweed, alone in the upper work-room, was giving the last touches to Lady Clara's wedding-gown. The drass-r-., boddice and skirt complete^—Iris ^ar ranged on one of the stands that dress makers use, and looked very much like a decapitated bride\ Standing in the middle of the empty room. One jet of gas was burning under its large sbade, the windows were all «et open, and the wound of wheels came np now and then from the street below. : Miss Tweed bad been stooping over the soft white jsilken folds tiH her . bead ached and were, dim- Aiid-.snddenlv she bethought tier of A 1>ottIe of lavender water which-she kept: in ber bed- room, and went quietly.apstairs to Jj' ®Heh • Smith, • the girl who ared ^er room, was roused as she entered. , 41® " you, Amy?' said. Haven t yon finisfied yet f , ' ^ea,'ljrj* Miss Tweed replied. ' Mv bead aches, and I'ni very tired.' her heated face with {be lavender water, andfeehngf^r It seemed, too, as it a. tidoler- air "Had come5 through the windows into the workroom, and Amv shivered a Jittle as she entered. But what^w^-tii^ f;; Some-one had TjBureJy stolen into ihe robm in" W absence^ and was Btanding there: arrayed in the She gave a',Jittle»«rv of astonisliment apd dismay, and was advancing,, when 4&ie; strange woman, whose back, was towards her, tnraed slowly round. It was.no stranger who f»£ood there, nor was it one of the woi kr girls. }}lay;0„ a trick. lady Glarn, dressed in her owti bridal robe, was looking at the dressmaker with blue eves full of unutterable angrish, and pale lips parted as if in a vain atteinnt to speak. How long Miss Tweed en dured that mournful gaze she could not tell. Those eyos seemed to read jier very soul, and convey to her a message of niyst^ricus sympathy and feiiowship in suffering. Atlast -one of the white hands was rated with a farewell gesture, and Auiy ,knew -no" inbre. '■ When she came?to her -senses again, E'len Smith was knjeseling by her side, loosening her dress. And 'twere, in the middle of the room, lay the wedd ing- gown, thrown, lightly on the floor, as if someone had jiisfc sfceppedoiit of it in haste. At the sight of the r6be bpgiiji -to shiver violently, and then biirs^ jqiit into passionate te<us, which relievedher ever-wrought brain. Her companion' led her upstairs, and made her lie still and rest. At length she slept, and did not wake until the summer day was well advanced. 'Art) yoit feeling any better V asked Ellen Smith, .coming to the bedside with breakfast on a tray. : * Yon have been working a great deal too liard ;it is no wonder that you broke down. And, after ali,=your labor has been in vain."4 , 'In vain ?' Miss Tweed repeated wondering. ' Why, the wedding-dress is quite finished.; It was to be sent home this morning.' ' It will never lie heeded,' the other answered; * Madame has just had < a message. It seems that:..poor. Lady Clara Berkeley died last night' ait half past twelve.' Miss Tweed fell back,silently on the pillow, and closed her eyes. Not one word did she say to Ellen Smith of Lady Clara's appearance in the work room, and her companion attributed ber faintness e»ittrely to over-fatigne. On the next day sle got np and tried to g6 oh -'^ili:b^|^o<esn.aR.ini^ ; she oould not bear' to stay in the upper workrobm," and at length with much reluctance, Madame consented to let her return to the country. Dan and his wife received her kindly, and by degrees her strength was re stored. Later on she learnt that Lady Clara.'* engagement wis broken off on } the day before her death. Lord Arthur 6riding that she' was no longer a rich | woman, wrote toiler and asked to be set free. Sheaijnk at once, and never rallied after tbeblow fell, nor did she ever speak to those around her. But they teird faer itnnrmnring softly to herself, and distinguished the words that she ottered.: •• ' My wedding-gown !' she repeated over and over. 'Oh, my wedding gown 1 If I could only wear it once just once—just once,': Miss Tweed married Edward Calla way, of Hill Farm, -and jives in the old county. She never forgets the London poor, .and .many a. sickly child is deceived into her pleasant home to be nursed and fed • bnt her heart was opened freely to all sorts and conditions of men and women. She believes nowndays in the equality of the hutgaii family, and jknows that a -common" sorrow levels all distinctions. Not in vain, she says, did the earl's daughter and the dressmaker meet in the spirit on that memorable night, although the one was takep and the other left. 