OPERA HOUSE— HAMLET. 18 is some tribute to, tho sublime gonitis of Shakspcaro in thcso degonorate days of tho drama, as practised in this city of lato years, that a revival 'of Hamlet should provo sufficiently attractive to fill tlio Opera House to overflowin". ns it did last Saturday evening. Mr. G. C. Sliln's previous success in lticliard the Third and in Julius Ciesar whetted expectation, as no actor is supposed to liavo proved hi3 trne level until lie lias played Hamlet. Though Hie character is difficult of realisation, and every serious student of tho Divine Bard entertains liis own peculiar notions as to how tlio Hamlet of his imagination should bo presented, few actors who pass into tho front ranks are deterred therefore from essay ing at somo period or other of their career the impossible task of satisfying criticism in Hamlet. A celebrated French critic lias said that Hamlet is to tlio uctor what tho measles aro to childhood — an experience which all must go through. Few actors, good cstiinablo histrionic artists though they be in general, aro fitted by natnro to givo a counterfeit presentment of tho highly cultivated mind, tlio polished manners, tlio susceptibility, imaginativeness, emotional and poetic attributes of tlio Prince of Denmark. It is difficult to embody Hamlet's varying passions and thoughts, to give form to tlio dramatic musings of bis active brain ; and this difficulty is increased tenfold by the lack of action. It is not what Hamlet does but what ho says and thinks that makes the character tlio absorbing study it has proved itself to be, and likely to continue so for all time. Mr. Stiln divests Hamlet of somo of tho glamour with which it lias been customary to enshroud him. There is 110 possibility of reviving any or tiio obsoiote problems about tho prince's madness and want of determination after seeing Sir. Miln act. Nor does lie leave any doubt aiioui his actions, or room for questioning") about the deed following tho thought, and yet Ilainlet himself never dis played any such firmness, but, on tho contrary, laments in himself that The native hue of resolution Is sicklioil o'er with tlio I'S.lo cast of thought ; Ami enterprises of great pith ami moment, IVitli this regard, their currents turn awnv. Ami loso the name of action. Only once does tho prince nerve himself for a supremo effort, witli tho thought of which lio lias been dallying all through tho piece, and that is when iu the last act ho obtains proof most damnable of his uncle's doublo guilt, where upon ho indices an end of tiiat foul monster. Mr. Miln, however, reads tlio character as 0110 in whom lay latent all tho powers necessary to great enterprises nnd sudden aud momentous resolves ; in whom overwhelming sorrow for tlio untimely deatlr of liis father is speedily dis placed by a consuming hatred of the murderer ; lie sacrifices his lovo for the queen, and Ophelia — that sweet flower fated nevor to blossom into maturity — for revenge, hut with which liotiiflos iu a fashion ill suiting to tiie vigor and firmness M r. Miln conceives to bo tho dominating note in the prince's character. Though Mr. Milii's read ing was consistently carried out, and he never sliowed tlio vacillating, hesitating, lethargic side of Ilamlot, ho did so in violation of tho text, which docs not warrant tho assumption that lie, who . reflected " tlio glass of fashion .and mould of form," was also a robust and determined nature ; one who saw with noonday clearness into tho ini quitous soul of Ilis uncle, yet dallied in striking a blow to avenge liis dishonored parent. "Weak ness is, to our way of thinking, "tho dominating note in tho young prince's enigmatical character; ono instant ho allows sorrow to overwhelm him, the next lie concontratcs his whole existence upon " c ".tolling the conscience of tlio king ; " ho discovi.i the secret of his uncle's guilt, but lets slip the opportunity for punishment; ho trifles with his friends and pretends to madness ; it needs even tlio returning visit of tho ghost to whet his almost blunted purpose; ho loves Ophelia but 10- pulses her with barbarous harshness, and displays as much seeming insensibility at licr death as might lie expected of a modern stockbroker ; ho neither beliuves firmly in himself nor in anything clso ; oven tho ghost of his father failed to carry conviction to liis soul ns to its immortal essence, for iu liis soliloquy on self murder lie ignores his supernatural visitor by speculating on — The undiseover'd country from wlioso bourn No traveller returns. These and other points suffice to show that Hamlet was not a man who by tho throwing off of his inky cloak clothed himself afresh with determination. And oven making allow ance for tlio natural buoyance of his "blown youth " it is not warrantable to represent Ilim otherwise than as a man over hesitating and halting between his purpose and the deed, "vacillating from sen sibility aud procrastinating from thought till he loses the power of action ill the energy of resolve." A voice from the gravedemnnds ven geance for a criino, but the young llamlet merely toys with the commission, and finally, when the iron hand of justico does fall tha guilty and innocent aro alike involved in tho catas- trojihe. Mr. Miln, however, shows a fine, artistic per ception iu regard to somo of tho side lights, by which lie much softens ands tones down tho otherwise rugged outline. Somo of tiie " busi ness" introduced is also a new departure from old traditions, and to be commended. Tho ghost, when it appears upon tlio battlement, is not only armed cap-Ct-pic, but also habited in a gauzy veil, which enhances tlio illusion as to tlio apparition being an airy substance. In tlio closet scene, whero Hamlet is wringing the heart of his mother and speaking daggers to her, tho reappearance of the ghost is dispensed with, and instead a beam of light streams into the chamber tlio instant Hamlet is supposed to catch sight of the un earthly visitant. As tho queen is interrogated and declares that she sees naught of the appari tion, it is moro ratiouulistio not to bring" tho ghoufc within tiie vision of either tiie audience or netors, am! the eb'eet is certainly heightened by tlio sudden suvain of light, which to the queen would be nothing more significant than n stray moonbeam, as up to that point she stood in profound ignorance of lier son's communications with tlio epiiit of the departed. Point is thus given to tho queen's question, "Alas! how is it witli you, that you do bend your eye on vacancy?" and a decidedly novel effect is produced by Hamlet, who, with affrighted gait , and out stretched arms, hesitatingly approaches tiio spot where ho sees tiio light and which he finds to bo merely n formless shadow. Then tho further questioning of his mother, "Did you nothing hear?" seems to suggest to lfamiet that tlio ghost was after all only tiie coinage ol' his own disordered brain ; bnt the next instant Mi-. Miln electrified liis audience by wildly exclaim ing, as the light travelled across tlio stage anil finally disappeared, " Why, lool; you there ! look,_ how it steals away," and then in hurried tones of wildest exultation, "My father ! in his habit as ho lived ; look whero lie goes, even limv, out at the portal." The wholo scar.o was produced witli tho utmost dramatic effect, and tho audience wero rjuico carried away by its startling vividness. Tlio pictuiea of tho t-.vo brother kings, to which tiio actor much given to sawing the air and eager after si J go ropm for gesticulation usually points when drawing a comparison for tiio queen's delectation, aro not hung upon tlio walls of tlio closet, but instead Mr. Mihi, as seems more natural, qioints to miniatures, one hung round ids' own neck and tho oilier worn by his mother.. Ill tiio, preceding scone with tlio ghost Mr. Miln knelt in an attitude of filial piety, though the lines wero spoken some what too hurriedly, and too coldly considering tho agitated state of Hamlet's feelings. Hue more telling effects were produced in alio con cluding part of tho scene, when Hamlet and Horatio make compact to secrecy, though tlio exit was inartistic, and the sudden outlmist of loud lamentation, "The timo is out fli joint," was also pitched in an inap propriate key. Tlio soliloquy " O what a rogue and peasant slave am I," a3 well as tho other soliloquies that follow, wore well deli vered, though too much in tiic declamatory and toy little in the lint Ural colloquial style. Tlio best actors treat those passages nil the utter ances of a man thiukiug aloud. The scone witli Ophelia, however, was eloquent in passion, and Sir. Miln made ail excellent point by showing, with a mero gesture, that ho is aware of the king and Poloiiuis being listeners behind the arras. His assumption of madness, in order to hide his love for Ophelia, was a skilful piece of acting. The ad- vico to tho ) day eis was easily delivered and in the familiar tono of a friend, and the interchange of badinage with Felonies, Ttosen- crantz and Giiildenstorn afforded Mi. Miln the opportunity of displaying liis powers in giving lighter touches of which lio docs not sufficiently avail himself. In tlio play scene tlio climax was dramatically worked out. Hamlet was shown to liu laboring under intense but suppressed excitement, though seizing tlio king's hand us lio flies from tlio room and inter changing a pregnant glance witli him was too much in the melodramatic vein. Tlio churchyard scene and encounter with Laertes at the grave of Ophelia, an well as tlio closing act of the tragedy, were more than ordinarily impressive. Mr. Jfiln is also askilful wielder'of tlio foils, and acted throughout the last act with a spirit ami enthusiasm which carried the audience entirely with him. To conclude though Mr. Miln did not enthral liis audience or hold captive the imncmatioii. yet ins imperso nation displayed au intelligent anil lovmg study of thu text. Jlie performance, which was more to bo commended as a whole, than ill detail, elicited warm appreciation, and Mr. Miln was recalled at the end of oaoh act, a compliment also bestowed in tha fourth act on Miss Louiso Jordan, who made her debftt as Ophelia, llnr noting iu the mad scone was touchingly pathetic. Mus Jordan, who betrays her American birth in her speech, is a moderately capable aotross- Mns Kate Douglas gave a fine performance ot tho queen, nnd her acting, especially 111 tho closet scene, was eloquent with fooling and emo tion. Mr. (jr.. P.. Ireland has become a familiar figure m the nart of the king, which lie lias played lieic so often pud so well. Poloniua \- - \ received careful attention at the hands of!JMr. H. Hodson, who is one of the most promising actors upon our stage. Mr. H. N. Douglas as Laertes, Mr. A. 14. Groenway as Horatio, and Mr. F. Cathcart as the ghost wero admirably placed. Tiie first grave digger found in Mr. A. G. Poulton a not unworthy exponent, and the minor characters generally wero repre sented with such evident care ns betokened long and careful rehearsal. For the scenery anil mounting of tlio play unstinted praise must bo given. Two of tho scenes, 0110 a view of the battle ments and cliffs, witli a placid sea beyond, nnd another, the church yard scene, with a background suggestivo of rural peace and picturesque landscape, both painted by Mr." E. Vaugliau, were worthy of the first of scenie artists. Altogether the present representation of Hamlet i3, from a general point of view, an advance upon former revivals, and one likely to awaken renewed interest in tho great worlq| of the greatest of Englishmen. 