JOHN FLETCHER'S PRAYER. Suddenly come to tin' temple.' Turn out all that offends the eyes of thy purity, and destroy all that keeps me out of the re st which remains for thy Christian people ; so shall I keep a spiritual Sabbath, a Christian jubilee. to the God of my life ; so shall I witness m}' share in the oil ot joy with which thou anointest perfect Christians above their fellow-believers. I stand in need of that oil, Lord ; my lamp bums dim. Sometimis it seems to be even gone out, as that ot the foolish virgins ; it is more like a smoking flax than a burning and shining light. O quench it not ! raise it to a flame ! Thou kuowest that I do believe in thee ; the trembling hand of faith holds thee ; and thou I have ten thousand times grieved. Thy pardoning love, thine everlasting arm, is still under me to redeem my life from destruction, while thy right hand is over me to crown me with mercies and loving-kindness. But alas 1 1 am neither sufficiently thankful for thy present mercies, nor sufficiently athirst for thy future favors. Hence 1 feel an aching void in my soul, being conscious that I have not attained the heights of grace described in thy Word and enjoyed by thy holiest servants. Their deep experiences, diligences, and the ardor with which they endured the crr.ss, rcpioaeh me, and convince 111c of my manifold wants. 1 want ' power from 011 high :' 1 want the penetrating, lasting 1 unction of the Holy One ; 1 1 want to have my vessel (my capacious heart) full of oil, which makes the countenance of wise virgins cheerful. 1 want a lamp of heavenly illumination, and a tire of divine luve, burning day and night in my heart, as the typical lamps did in the temple, and the sacred fire on the altar. 1 want a full application of the blocd that cleanses from all sin, a strong faith in thy sanctifying word ; a faith by which thou mayes.t dwell in my heart as the unwavering hope of glory, and the fixed onjeet oi' my love. 1 want the internal oracle, thv still, small voice, together with Urim and Thummim, ' the new name which none knoweth but he that reeeiveth it.' In a word, Lord, I want a plenitude of thy Spirit, the full promise of the Father, and the rivers which flow from the inmost souls of the believers who have gone to the perfection of their dispensation. 1 do now believe that thou canst and wilt thus ' baptize me with the Holy Ghost and with fire :' help my unbelief, confirm and increase my faith with regard to this important baptism. Lord, 1 have need to be thus baptized of thee, and 1 am straitened until this baptism is accomplished. I5y thy baptism of teais in the manger, of water in Jordan, ot sweat in Gethsemcne. of b.ood. of fire and vapor, ot smoke and flaming wrath on Calvary, baptize, O baptize my sou], and make as full an end of tiie original sin which 1 have from Adam as thy last baptism made ot the likeness of sinful flesh which thou bad-t from a daughter of Eve. Some of thy people look at death for full salvation from sin ; but at thy command, I look unto thee. Say to my soul. ' 1 am thy salvation ;' and let me feel with rnv heart, as well as see with my understanding, that thou canst save from sin to theutteimest all that come to God through thee. 1 am tired of forms, professions, and orthodox notion-, so far as they are not pip.es or channels to convey life, light, and love to my dead, dark, and st ny heart. Neither the plain letter of thy gespel. nor the sweet foretastes and transient illuminatieng of thy Spirit can satisfy the large de-ires of my faith. Give me thine abiding Spirit, that he may continually tiled abroad thy love in my soul. Come. 0 Lord, with that bks c ed Spirit; come thou and tliy Father in that holy Comforter ; eomc to make thy abode with me, or I shall go meekly mourning to the grave. Blessed mourning ! Lord, increase it 1 I had rathir wait years for thy fu.lness than wantonly waste the fragments of thy spiritual bounties, and feed, with Laodicean contentment, up 111 the tainted manna of my former experiences. Righteous Father, I hunger aud thirst after thy righteousness ; send thy Holy Spirit of promise to fill me therewith, to sanctify me throughout, and to 1 seal me to the day of eternal redemption ' and finished salvation. ISotfor works of righteousness which I have done, but of mercy, ' for Christ's sake,' save thou me bj T the complete wa-hing of regenerat : on and the full renewing of the Holy Ghost. And in order to do this, pour out thy Spirit ; shed him abundant'y 011 me, till the fountain of living waters abundantly spring up in my soul, and I can say, in the full sense of the woids. that thou livest in me, that my life is hid with thee in God, anel that my spirit is returned to him that gave it — to thee, the first and the last, my Author and my end, my God and my all. Amen !—Selected, 