THE PASQUIN PAPERS. BY THEOPHRASTUS SECUNDUS. "Eye Nature's walks, shoot folly as it flies, And catch the manners living as they rise."— Pope. NO. IV.—DAY DREAMERS. How easy it is to stop across the borilor line liotAvcoii fact riiuL'IVinoy 1 So, cpntiguous do tlio two worlds, lie, nay, liiivo so mucli in 'common /tliat often it. is difficult to ihstinguisli the (lonizons ot tho ( ono from those of tho other. Kilio and j'eanie Doans, David Conp'oriiqld, Becky Sharp and Colonel' Newcoino, Adam Redo arid ' Dorothea Brooke, do- thoy not sdc«A Jiving,' breathing entities to ns? Thoy are not liko those misty figures in Charles Lamb's exquisite essay, 1 Dream Children,' that iu his vision, Avhilc lie aa'iis still u-gnzing, grew fainter to his vi'oav, receding anil still re- ceding till nothing at last hut two mour- f.ul. features were seen iu the uttermost disianco Avhieh, Avithouts|)eeeh, strangely impressed upon liim tho.. offects of' speech: — ' \Ye aro nob of Alice, nor of tlico, nor aro avc children at all. Wo aro nothing, less than nothing, and (Iroiims. \\\re aro that only Avhieh m'njlil. how been, and irinst Avuit upon the tedious shores of Letho millions of ages before Ave have oxiston'ee anil a name.' ' . All of us, at times, wander into dream-, land, impelled, as Warton writes, by 'imagination's all commanding ivand/ Sometimes tlio ivorld of reality groivs so cold and so hard to us, so full of tlio thorns and briars of sorrow, that it" sooms liko an anodyne to a racked frame to escape from things as they are to ivliat thoy' might ' luive ' been. The Prosont is lost in an ideal Fast, out of Avhieh is ovol\'ed as ideal a Future. What cares tho dreamer, that the work -a day ivorld appears all the duller, and tho grayer, and the. darker, when he is compelled to loai'e tlio llowery tracts of Fancy for those of Fact? - He islikq the opium eater ivlio seeks oblivion'' for tho moment regardless of tho imminent reaction. . , >- Of all sail words of tongue or pon, Tlio saddest aro those, " it might have beon." sings VYhittier iu his pathetic ballad ofi 'Maud Miil lev.' Bat the poet errs in liis psychology. It is not the ' miijht hove turns' that (arq fraught, ivitli sorrow, hut the (lvoarypro'seiit as contrasted with tliein. Tlio ' might hai-o heons' carry us into a roalm delicious us that described' iu -Thoirisori's' !'GiilitTo of' .Tiulolonco,' Avlicre the year ia ever ' a season atweijq June and Mvy, hiilf- pi-anlccl with spring, ivitli summer lialf-iinbroivneil ;' ii'liero there is ' nought around but images 6f rest' — ... — ' a pleasing land ,of drowsy-hoad, I Of dreams tiuit wavo before tlio half shut tW':iD! '--Hi ' - - ! i And of gay oaatlos in tlio clouds tliat pass.' Wo inhabit a ivorld ivliero ivo havo com mitted no faulty bccq .led.jiito no sins or oxtvavftgaricos j ivhore criro has no place, and misoryi no scat ; ivliero tlioro is no regrot for lost opportunities, sinc'o such oppoftunitics hiu'e' never been-' missed ; a land of forgotfulness such as that inhabited by Tennyson's ' Lotus- eaters ;/Uil)tHd, in very truth, where tho ivickeil hare ceased from troubling, and ivhoro the weary1 hru at fosl. It is the goblii)- liko. ( ' ha iy hrens' that come to. us painl adoh, that bring u's sharpy hack into tho dreary ivorhl,; q£: to-day, ivhoro, iu contrast with the other picture, all our sins Mil' Mistakes 1 sebiri 1 blkzoncd iii letters of firo on adamantine pillars of romomhranoo, Alas for us ivhon the Stono of Qbjiyiou is.rollod uivny from the Civvo of Momory 1 IIow many, ghosts HViiHt'od ijiOSSibilitios ' (look Out to harass us, as in %). /'.((Cj'iV, QuriniC tlio ovil droams (if AVidiiiiiugo liauntod Una and tho Rod Cross .Knight,- Duy-droamoi'h naturally rosolvo tliom- selvot into two greiit elases, the re trospective jinil. die. pi;qsp(|9tjvp, , The forimir class iLwella in'tho 'past, tho latter in tho futuro. Tho retrospective dreamer in too many easos has been a, fpiluiw, .pitlier- soeial, coinmoreinl, t inornl, or intolluctual. Ho recognises this, mi ai'oll ns 11(0 fqtility of fuitlior effort ; tpul i\s l(u cannot liyq over his lifo again' in reality, lio d'oos so iu fancy. He .ropairs Jail- his, errors, tears, from hiii( all his sins,. iii\d in- his minds t\v Btnnfls Uiifiiyo himself ipjd an hupginary. ivorld,' illoiilised into 'a porfeet man. I Le 1ivin,f nf 1i;u species— that 'solitary superlative,' as George -Eliol; says, ivitli all hor apt felicity of epithet, ivhieli creation lias nevor ye/behold. All 111 nt lie has under taken has prospered, and has been ; richly recognised by a ivorld that lies at liis feet. WJuite\'or thoro he great, or grand, or noble in humanity is an at tribute of .his character. If.e' is an Avistides in justice, a .Sir Galahad in purity, n Socrates iu wisdom, a Uayari in noble courtosy ; he is the ivorsliippod of ltioi), the idol of ivoniou. No longer is ho an outcast of Nature — ' the wretched thrallof hitter, |droppiug sweat, of swcltry pain, of cares that oat uivay the heart'Avitli gull, eompelleil to faiviion iqistarl; fortune, to submit to all the insolence of olliee, to ' sell fair honor for some paltry pounds." The Cave oE Recolieetion is safely sealed b)' the Stone of Oblivion, and in iniaginaiioii lie enjoys a pure, (JJierc-al calm that knows no storm, sitting 'supremo,- like Jupiter Olympus, — . Above l.lii- reach ol' wild iimhilion'.s wind Aiid ii.ll fcljo passions, tiuit this world deform.' 1 fri has reconstructed' the ivorld, and is himself'1 the grand central 'figure in it. But stay ! Even while lie dreams, behold ' the Spirit of Disappointment gliding- up to the Stono of- Oblivion. It shakes, it moves, it rolls hack from its station ; rind out of the Cave of Meniory is.aiie the liivful Spirit/of thai /teal, Past whose existence the, droiunor Lad for gotten.- A.laek-ft-day ! Hoav loivcring is life noil-, how hopeless; how purpose less,! All' is hiaiik Oiriuricriaii darkness, out/of .wlijeli, tliorc. cb'mtitli no cry of Eollien, ' To tlio inorning,' to kindle one spark of expectation. y ." The' -prospective dreamer is generally a .youth,' ivlio lias all the ivorld boforo liiin ; the young student full, of in tellectual ambition, who lias not vet realised ivitli Guildcnstorn that ' the very substance of the ambitious is merely tlie slia'diiiv nf a dreaiii ;' the young AViu'rior iillaiiiu with liiartial. ardour, who has yet. to lind that: the. reputation ho seeks at the- cannon's mouth is hut; a bubble ; the young poet so intent 'on tho juirsiiil; of thblyourig bulies of Parnassus, tlml: he sneers at poor Robert Lloyd's lines— .. -i - 1 ' 'The linrlqt'Milso, so piissing guy, Bewitches only to betray'— as written merely hy a splenetic )eel- astor whom failure had soured. These, and others, arc tlie .'prospective dreilmprs, lyluini .their aiiiliition leads to construct an .imaginary ivorld iu tlio - Future, radiant with all the colors of romance, di Availing their approaeli. How, sus ceptible are their hearts to all outiyard inipressious, and .lioiv readily does the baseless fabric of their visions rise at the, recital of stimulating tales of in dividual greatness ! From, tliein, as Mark Akeusido writes iu liis ' Pleasures of Tinngjiitifion,' the. dreamer — oft resolves . To frame he knows not ivliat excelling things- And win ho knows not what sublime rowiu-d Of praise and wonder.' By tho Promothoan ereativeness of fancy lie breathes life into this aliiuloivy ivorld;' ivith the ivaiul of Prospero he summons ; iittciulant spirits from the vasty deep to i contribute to his greatness. To him the I scenes through ii'hich ho passes wj'-1/' each reeuiTcneo become more and more probable. Reality becomes unreality, and the unreal the real. Step by step the dreamer advances through the misty atmosphere of his dreams to a pinnacle of unheard-of grontnoss, tho cynosure of the ai'orld's eye, ivhon, crash ! this dull gross earth overthrows the cloud- capped towors of his visions ivitli some rough iimttor-of-fact reiiionstraneo oil sloth, and the dreamer aivalces to lind I that ho is in nowise different from his ' plodding felloiv-mon, but is merely, as Prospero suys, 1 Siicli stuff as druanis are .uuide oil.' Like Alnaseher in the 'Arabian Nights,' by his idleness tho (hiy! ilreiiiuer kicks iii'or the basket of glassivaro that; might; eventually have brought liim to wealth and greatness. The ' Olioico of -'Hercules' finds a fit ting exeiriplifieation in lie drlToronco bptAyee.u tlie jbonefits. promised, by im agination anil those by the uultivation'of liitcllect. Tho fonnor holds forth the inducuniont of a flowery, sunlit, ronnince ti'ntdd jorirnpy,!tlii'C)iigh scones gorgeously uriroal, to/. pov.cvty. and. ultimate iu- capabity for sustained nixertion. The liitter frrioly ' declares' thoro is no royal 'foiul to lonrning, tliiit ' tlie path of k ri'o \v ledge is stec) and rocky, and besot Viyitji niiiuy obstacles, but tbatoiich day's journey along it venders travelling -more easy, ' until at length tlio 'pilgrim reiiebos ' ' ' — ' hy slow iUigroL'8 hy more and mow Tho higliost summits of liis timo.' It is but ii , truism to state that day- dreaining and aiirial eastlo-building, is utter enervation to tho intellectual faculties, since it- holds ouf nothing real rir tangible as jt reward, foi' constantly iviiiuleriiig through fancy's mazes. Mental Epicureanism, or the belief that ' virtue sure is hut repose of mind,' has been tlio ruin of many of the grandest Intellects of our ivorld — a Golcridgo; a Sehopenhauor, a Do Quincov, Only in the storii round of that duly ivliich, though at first; li.m, oveiit ually becoines pleasant, (inn a safe escape bo secured from the cares and sorroivs of life— an escape with ivhieli tho mind itself will- bo1 satisfied as it fulfils the groat grand Nqripturnl inculcation, ' \Yhatsiaivcr thy InuuUliuloth to do, do it with all thy might.' : - Viutx-s to It ukli mipton will lind variety quality and artistic merit, lirst el .ss silver liii|itiag and nglisli loyor watches, ladies .silver watches, ladies' and gentlemen's gold ..watohos, -beautifully finished, and in extra stout civses, a magnificent stock of gold aud silver jewellery. Electro silvor-waro of rcliablo quality. lirouzas, pebbles, and other spcotaoles at W. Q. J. Edgar's East-stroot, llocklmnipton Attentions is diyevtud in our udvortise- mont witfl refevonoo to the new department, for the limnufnoturo of account, and other books requiring sjicoial ruling, and which can bu printed and bound to any pattern. All orders addressed to the Manager, Daily M/iifrr drmr" 'Mniv,",rmmi'iii""nt-i"'' 