BEADB0R1MS NEW YORK LETTER. BROADBRIM DISCOUESES ON DOOS. So you are an aristocrat, oh ? Perhaps I am, air, if that is what youcall.it. Well, you believe in blood and pedigree, don't you 1 Yes, sir, honestly followed to their just conclusions, every time.. Come stroll with me through these aislos; let us look into these kennels and seo what Via can find. Nothing but dogs; that's illl, but honest dogs believe me. Tlliite are two exhibitions held hero every year that always afford mo es pecial pleasure. The Dog Show and the Horso Show, whatever man has to do with them, is OIL the side of elevation and honesty. He debases and degrades himself oftentimes but, hero, whatever work he dees is of the honestest and thp beat. Never mind the crowd, you call see them every day in the theatres, on the streets, and in the churches. You don t want to know their pedigree. Per , haps it is as well that you do not. " Fine feathers make fine birds." Do they 1 Well, let tho fine birds pass. Let us look at the: dogs. What have we here ? Out from be neath a richly worked . covering of Velvet poops a pair of soft- melting eyes embroidered by two long silken ears, and. the sorrowful | look of the little prisoner is occasionally softened by tho presence of me lady's lacquey who stands by the cage with . solemn visage to guard me lady's darling. The -whole of this class tells of birth and high breeding. These pampered little aristocrats could only live in the mansions of tho great. They would die in the homes of the poor. But the strain of blood in the miniature noble man is pure as the mountain snow. He is simply ornamental. So far as practical use is concerned, he is of no use whatever. He will not work for himself; if compelled to get: his own living ho would starve to death. Somebody else must work for him. So far, he ris(3s to the highest ideal of the modern gentlemen. Don't laugh, my friend, this class of gentlemen i3 just as necessary as many other necessary evils. Let us walk on. Ah. here is something that fills my heart- with: joy and brings hack the memory of long vanished years when, with just such a coin pamon, barefooted . and happy. I roved through the fields, scoured the worlds or leaped into the ponds and fought him for ft stick, or hold on to his shaggy coat till lie towed me back to theBhore. It's a good, square honest face. As Hamlet says of the ghost's word; " I'd take it for a thousand pounds." Honesty and nobility were bore in him. He comes of a royal line back through countless generations, and yet withal he is the staunclrest Republican or democrat that ever walked on four feet. You never find him imposing on his weaker brother. Little dogs bark at his heels, but they never disturb the sublime serenity of that majestic temper. Yes, here is a fit companion for an honest man. The class of St. Bernards is a noble one, and many of the Russian dog3, hounds, mastiffs and others are worthy of especial mention. Harries, terriers, beagles, fox hounds, collies and bull dogs were there, every clast having its own especial merit. As it take3 all sorts of people to make a world so it takes all sorts of dogs to make a dog show. Are there no disreputable dogs ? you ask. Oh, yes, plenty of them but they don't get in here. To obtain admission to this Sanhedrim a fellow must have a pedigree at his back. He may be very disreputable nobleman given to very naughty doings, but he must have blood. Ah, what have we here ? These, sir, are fighters. Figh.ting is with fchem a business and a pleasure. They are the John L. Sullivans, the Mike Demp seys, the Charley Mitchells and the Jake Kilrains of the konnel. Oh, pray don't turn up your nose. . Every one of these wiry little gentlemen comes of a very good family, I assure you. That little bullet-headed .tough over there is the hero of twenty battles. He has the same stuff in him that held Grant be fore Vicksburg and Petersburg; the same spirit with which ? Custar swept down to death along the Indian line;-the imperial courage that carried Pickett into the last desperate charge at Gettysburg, or that held the " old guard " in the jaws of death on the field of Waterloo. They are not pretty to look at, not as you would say, pretty, but that beetle-browed individual that stands beside them thinks there is nothing half so beautiful in the world as his battle-scarred pets. All New York turns out to greet the dogs. Is it the proper thing to do. And now every fine lady who has anything worth looking at brings it to the dog shovf". ' Our horse shows and dogshows arenolonger given uptojockiesandbullius. Society placeson them the goldsmith's stamp, and everybody can go. The weather has been fine and the at tendancegreat,andloapersonwhowaspostedit was amusing to seo the crowd. In one little kuotaroundamagnificentSiberianbloodhound stood Lily Ling try, a couple of notorious prize fighters,aprominontaccor,fourEnglishbeauties from the Gaiety Company, a half dozen cele brated ministers whoso names aro known all over the world, a couple of lawyers, four pick pockets, and right behind thorn, IcoTdng like innocentsightseers from the country, were two of Chief Byrnes' detectives, one witii a white choker and straight-breasted coat looking like adivinity student, and the other with a broad brimmed hat and homespun suit with signs of hayseed all ovor him. The attendance has been immense. The mealies tight enaboutFrank Eames who, by perjured witnesses, sought the ruin of his wife. His witnesses have confessed their per jury, and both of them declare that they were ruined by Eamcs. The advocates of the doc trine of total depravity have here a moststriiting illustration in supportof theirtheory. For pure unmixed devilish wickedness, history or fiction furnishos few parallels. Only a few weeks ago I wrote the history of the unluckj* corner of 23rd Street and Sixth Avenue. Levi M. Bates, .one of the most suc cessful drygoods men in New York, has just stepped in to savo Conkliri and Co., from ruin. Bates was worth a million. In'a few months his paper went to protest, then a syndicate was formed and 8135,000 was raised to tide Mr. Bates over his disaster. For a few weeks the concern staggered along, but this week it closed its doors only to open them again for a bankrupt sale. At least a hair million dollars have been sunk on that unlucky corner by the last.occupant. It ruined Edwin Booth ; it knocked spots out of Boucicault.; it almost sent the lucky Stetson of Boston to the wall; it lias completely ruined the wealthy Bates. Who will be the next victim ? I should like to see Barnum try it. If it floored him then I should certainly believe thattliod 1 was in it. A shocking outrage was perpetrated by a walking dolegateof the Knights cf Labor last week, the very thought of which makes the blood of a free man boil to think that such things are tolerated in a free country. A funeral took placeinBrooklyn on Tuesday. The last prayer had been said and the last look on the face of the beloved dead had been taken, and the coffin was deposited in the hearse. The funeral procession was just about to start when a carriage drove up having some friends of thefamilyiu it. Thisso-callod walkingdelc gate went up to the undertaker and informed him thatthe funeral procession could not start unless this carriage was driven from the line, as the drivers was a non-union man. All the other drivers were in league with the walking delegate, and theyrefusedtobudge without his orders. Threats and entreaties were alike in vain, this ignorant brute insisting on holding his fellow brutes frommoving until the change was made. Theseso-called knights arefurious if they are blacklisted or prosecuted, but they condemn to starvation and persecution every man who refuses to join their unions or submit to thoir arbitrary methods. The man who was driven from tho seat on the carriage was an American born on the soil, an honest man re ceiving full wages; agood driver doing tatis factory work for tho men who employed him, and two-thirds of the ruffians who drove him away were ignorant foreigners who could not write thoir own names. Let it be known throughout the UnitedStates that the Knights of Labor have fixed tho penalty of death by slow starvation on all laboring men who will not join their order. This is a Worse penalty than our criminal liourts affix to the crime of nlurdor. It remains to be seen if the people of the United States will allow them to enforce tho penalty. Lily Langtry retires from New York this week and takes to the king's highway, her venture in the city not proving pleasant nor profitable/ It is said that madam will leave quite a number of ducats behind her that she earned in other places and more prosperous times, but the depletion of her bank account will not seriously affect her happiness, as she still has enough and to spare. It is said what she lost is hard Cash she has iUade in dramatic fame. Perhaps so, but when the critic of the future pictures the ideal Thune of Cawdor's wife, the beautiful Lily Langtry will not bo in the frame. Her Lady Macbeth was showy but not Shakespeream Wonderful to relate, Mrs. Potter's venture which all the prophets declared would be a disastrous.failure, has turned out quite a financial success. Manager Palmerisdelighted, She shifts the scene of her triumphs from the aristocratic "Palmer's Theatre" on Broadway (formerly WiUlach's). to the democratic Opera House, which was the first thehtriCal venture of the lamented JimFisk Jay Gould's erratic partner. Mrs. Potter has been treading Shakesperian ground.: Her Cleopatra, while it has produced no great dramatic sensation dramatically, has: drawn the money all the same, and tlie lady's bank account is much rejoiced thereat. .; It looks as though Dennian Thompson had . taken : a life loasB oI the old Academy of Music. Night after night the theatre is filled from pit. to dome, and at the Wednesday and Saturday matinees you can. scarcely get your nose inside. ?_ Country ministers, down here on church business, may possibly miss a prayer meeting, or a vestry meeting but they all find time to see The Old Homestead. An old farmer from Skaneatcles came out of the theatre quite dis . appointed' the othef day. He said he couldn't sec what iti thunder they wanted to make such afuss about oldDenman Thompson for, that he know fifty old farmers around Skaneatcles just exactly like him, and folks never made any fuss about them up there. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 