Bush Stories for Children. The Crested King. (Coticludfd.) He took a long time to go to sleep, for the noise of the buBh was new to him. The mopoke, or night owl, I came out and began to sing his lonesome and strange song, while the dingo howled afar off. Then the wind arose and made a etrange and wild music, such as he had never heard before. ' Yet,' he said, ' it is very pleasant, and I like it. I do not know why, yet I do.' Perhaps he felt something of the music and life of his nature, and felt glad accordingly. At last he went to sleep, with his head under his wing, and did not awake till dawn. The first sounds he heard were those of the small birds near him, chirping and singing — once more offering their little greetings to the morning sun, and blessing hu glorious presence. 'Good morning,' said one to its neighbour; 'I hope you slept well ? What a glorious dawn, and what a happy day we shall have.' 11 i was a little annoyed,' said another, ' by the howling of the wind, but otherwise 1 6lept well.' 'A native cat,' said another, 'disturbed me very much. She was anxious to see more of me than would be agreeable, but -as I perched on a very slight limb she could not reach me. 1 wish there were no cats.' Saying this, he flew off and eettled in the tree ; and bo like this the cockatoo was entertained as he rubbfed his eyes and looked around. 'Fill 'em up again, Mother Quigley ! Police! Police ! Police ! Lock him up ! Close tiie bar ! Here they come !' shrieked the cockatoo. The little birds were startled and then terrified, and after a second's consideration flew off in great fear. ' My new acquaintances,' said the cockatoo, ' are seared. Why I cannnot tell. They are certainly a timid lot. They clearly do not understand the customs of civilised life. But perhaps by- and-by they will understand me. It is very clear they are simple nnd uneducated.' The sun had now risen, and the day promised to be fine and fair. The cockatoo looked around, and ihe ifirst thing that came into his head was how he should -breakfast. There was no maize or bread, and no good JrinH mistress to bring him what he needed. *? Then,' said he, ' I must only find a breakfast for myself. The country is free and open, and if I starve if ia my own fault.' Saying this he flew off, and soon came in sight of an open plain with a farm in the centre. He hovered over me place for some time, looking carefully at the objects Jielow. In the middle of a cultivated paddock he saw, to his great wonder, a number of birds like himself. flew round and round, and at last alighted among them. His sudden appearance startled them, for he appeared not to belong to them. -One old cocfcatoo looked sharply at him, and 4',kwarkod ' fiercely. . Who is he F ' cried one, in ihe cockatoo language. ' He looks strange andqueer,' said another. 't4* He is a ghost or spirit,' mid a third ; ' he does not look as if he belonged to ns.' ; ' He is very handsome and pretty,' cried a young lady cockatoo. ' I think I should like him.' Our friend by this time had walked confidently aro and and had taken in the whole situation. ' A green lot,' he said. M They are evidently very green,' and then he cried out : . «« Lode 'em np— sixpence change— no tick here ! Oh dear the bar ! ' The birds were stapofied. Who was this stranger, and what was the meaning of his words P They looked at one another, and after a moment's consultation flew off, screaming wildly. They hovered about for some time, and then departed for their homes. The cockatoo remained 'for a time wondering at the sudden flight of his friends. A crow now flew down, and politely addressed the cockatoo: 'You are a stranger here, sir,' he said: ' I can see from your manner and bearing that you belong to good society. I mean no flattery, but it is seldom we see one like you in these parts.'' The cockatoo at first did not understand what the crow said; but being desirous of doing so, and having some knowledge of the force of finitely, at length answered: \- ' You are vety gracious, sir, and do me too much honour. I am only a cockatoo, with perhaps a little of the polish of civilised life. I have left a very nioe home to como out and try to make people happy.' 'Pardon me,' said the crow, 'we need more of your kind onthere. Did yon not see how your brethren treated you? . It Is tlvara so till clever people are understood and valued. You ought to be a king over birds, and particularly ova- your own tribe.' ' A king?' said the cockatoo. in surprise. ' Certainly. Why not? ' replied the crow. 'There is a legend among our tribe that says, 'Give lis a king*— I mean those of your own family, and further that one of our prophets once said that Balkis, Ihe Queen of Sheba, had a bod called Jiudbud, which used to cany her messages to thewise Ring Solomon; and further that another bird called-Huma, and that naver touches this earth in its flight, was of your raoe and should reign ovtr your tribe. If I mistake not ?you are descended from those royal and heavenly birds, and should be sovereign over those wild and, ungracious creatures that just now treated you so rudely.' The cockatoo listened in astonishment, yet felt flattered. ' The responsibility of being a king is a very awful one,' he said ; ' I fear it too much.' 'Those only fear who dread!' replied the crow. 'If I only had the royal biood in my vans that you have I should fear nothing.' 'But,' said tits cockatoo, 'bow dial! I begin my jngn and over whcsmf' 'Oyer those wild and savage creatures you saw j.ust now flv off. If they do not need one to guide and direct them, then^I know nothing of the workings of feathered affairs.' ' But would they accept me as their sovereign do you think r' questioned the cockatoo. ' Of course they would and be glad to get you. Just let me arrange matters for you,' said the crow. In his vanity the cockatoo agreed. On the following morning all the cockatoos for miles around assembled in a green plain by the side of a pleasant stream, and heard a royal proclamation read to them as to the election of a king. The majority were highly pleased, but some wise old patriarchs* shook their heads, and said they cared little for such things, and feared evil would come of it. The majority, however, carried tiie day, and the Crested King was crowned. For some time he behaved very well, doing all he could to make his subjects happy and contented, as all kings ought if tbey vsilue the affection and welfare of their subjects, that as years rolled on he began to think that he was not made for the happiness of others, but for his own. He became surly, overbearing, and tyrannical, and said he lived only for his own gratifica tion. Subjects ought to be subjects, and kings kings. Then he would become insulting, ami treat his subjects like slaves, and say they were made only to wait on him and do hiB bidding. This state of things continued for a long time, till at length the birds could stand it no longer. ' What,' cried one, 41 who is this new-found king, and where did he come from ?' ' He is a witch, a fetish-man,' said another. 'Nonsense,' cried a third, 'He is a tyrant, and nothing less. He put to death one of my relatives last week, and 1 shall take care he does nothing of the kind again. I propose that we hang the fellow at once. If kings are made of this stuff, then away with kings for me !' 'Hold!' said a fourth; 'kings are sacred, and must rule as they see fit.' Just then the crow, the friend and adviser of the king, came forward. His presence was the cause of much uproar and confusion. ' What is the matter?' said the crow graciously. ' Matter screamed an old cockatoo who had lived in the country for longer than 1 can tell. ' Matter, sir ? Perhaps you can tell f' ' Well, really, I cannot,' said the crow quietly. ' Then we must tell you,' answered the cockatoo. ' Who is the tyrant-king you recommended to us, for we have heard«of all your doings Did you suppose we were such a stupid lot that we could not manage our own affairs without a king, as you call him? We have thought the matter over, aud we have agreed that we can do without a kins:,' 'Oh, if you can,' replied the crow, 'I am quite contented. I only thought it would be a good thing for people like you to have a king over you, for you seem eo wild and barbarous that you need some one to guide you.' ' Shall we stand this ?' screamed a cockatoo. 'No, never!' cried another; 'away with this rascal — let us put him to death.' The crow took warning and flew off at once, nor did he stop till he had nearly lost sight of the place. _ The cockatoos then held a solemn council, and de cided that they would put their king to death. They flew up to his palace on the top of a very high gum tree and brought him forth. At first he was, as before, insolent and defiant, but when he saw the anger and determination of his sub jects he quaked for fear. He saw death before him and felt terrified beyond expression. One was for hanging him, another for taking off his head, and a third for drowning him. Just as things were at their worst, and as he thought he felt his head pulled from his body, he heard a well known voice call out : 'No corn, cookie! Poor fellow, you must be hungry.' He opened his eyes very wide, looked about, and cried out, 'Clear the bar! Police, police, police! Fill 'em up again, Mother Quigley. No tick here. Prawns ; fine prawns, fine prawns I' He looked around, and, instead of the savage cockatoos and black crow, he only saw the people as usual walking along Sussex street, and the dust blowing round the corners. Did he dream ? I do not know; for I never heard a cockatoo say he did so. It might be worth while to ask the next one you see. 