9IM HILL BEATS NOL&N; IN EIGHT ROUNDS. ; There was -a' fair orowd assembled at Foley's Hall on Saturday night to witness the twenty, round contest between Jim Hall and Jim Nolan. The former was Beoonded by Tany Molloy, and the latter by Willis and another. Mr. Nathan was referee. 1 The fight was not very exciting, Hall having tilings all his own way from the third round, by whioh time Nolan's fighting powers wore nil. Following are the details Bound 1.— Kolan led Bhorfc with the left, aad in tstarn reoeived a stall on the left eve from Hall's left. -Ashortsnar followed, and Hall billed Nolan . withe forehead with the left, knooking hia head fcaok. Some quiok fighting enauod. Ball got a swinging right ob Nolan's oheek just as corners ' Bound 2.— Hall led with the left on Nolan's eve and another on the ribs and again on the oheek, getting in return a right on the ribs from Nolan. A. long spar followed, when Hall weaved in and got his right on Nolan's eye and left on the ohin. Boond 3.— Nolan led his left and mined, young Sim aot being there, and Hall swung his right heavily on the ribs. Nolan again led the left ont of race, Hall responding with a right apparent over Ike heart and smashed him in the faoe with the left . Nolan was very muoh puffed and ont ot the running to tbo time the round closed. Bound 4.— Nolan oame up furious, led with his left and swung his right savagely for Hall's jaw, bnt the long fellow duoked neatly and got away. Coming together they fotwht at hurricane pace, Nolan evidently trying tor a Inoky one. Hall got all ?ver Nolan's dial with the left, making him look very eronk and closing up his left eye, while the light repeatedly visited; the jaw and ribs heavily. Bound 6 was the same as the last, Hall continu ally getting on to Nolan's face with the left, and Nolan being quite nnabla to hit Us cool and agile young rival, his efforts to do so added to Hall's beavy visitations rendering him very groggy. Bound 6.— Nolan led twice with the right, an! ! ttissed each time, and a long spar followed, Hall ylafnly letting his man off repeatedly till towards ike olose of the round Hall got theleft on Nolan's ! Jaw, knocking hi* on to the ropes. Bound 7.— Nolan rushed in, and get on the 'jaw twice with Us right, but too high up to do any iamaga. ' A long spar ensued, broken oaly by Ball frequently getting on to Nolan's sick lug Bound 8.— Hall led left, and got the right twice oa to Nolan's oheek, cutting it badly, and sending hint down, tho blood streaming down his faoe. He got up oaly to receive twe more with the right on the same spot with terrific loroe, sending him down again, but not entirely knocking, him ent. He got up terribly weak, ana ] Signified the bet that he liadntd quantum suf. From 'first to last Nolan never had the 1 ghost of a show with Hall, who is. an un- i ioubtedly olever boxer, a terribly hard hitter, and like nearly all of Jackson's pupils, smart on his feet ana oool in the ring. There are Biighty few oould beat Jim Hall at his weight. 