Public Meeting at the Temper- ance Hall. ADDRESS BY REV. A.R. EDGAR. A PUBLIC meeting under the auspices of the Gospel Temperance Blue Ribbon Mission was held in the Temperance Hall on Friday evening. There was a large attendance, and considerable interest was manifested in the proceedings. Devo- tional exercises having been conducted by Mr. Jenkin. The chairman, Mr. John Walls, ex- pressed his pleasure at being called upon to preside at such a gathering. Through the energies of the ladies connected with the Women's Christian Temperance Union, a revival had taken place. The presence of so many young people was an evidence that the Band of Hope was in a flourishing condition, and it was gratify- ing to find that there were many parents, although not abstainers themselves, wil- ling to send their children to such gather- ingt for instruction in total abstinence principle. He would not detain them by making any lengthy remarks, as he felt sure they had come together that evening to listen to a gentleman who had taken a prominent part in the work of temperance reform, and whose name was a household word. He had much pleasure in introducing the Rev. A. R. Edgar. Mr. Edgar, on rising to address the meeting, was receired with applause. He stated that it had given him a great deal of pleasure to accept the invitation of the committee to visit Camperdown and speak to so large a gathering on the work conuected with the Gospel Temperance Blue Ribbon movement. He was greatly interested in the work of educating the young in total abstinence principles, and he had learnt with pleasure during the afternoon, that the Band of Hope, in addition to other agencies, was doing a good work in the direction mentioned. He was glad that the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ was associated with the movement, because he saw in it the ultimate success of the work. He could tell them of men who were the victims of intemperance, and who, in their efforts to deliver themselves from its power, had utterly and hopelessly failed ; but as the result of their submitting themselves to the grace of Christ they had been enabled to overcome, and were now walking in the fear of God and the comfort of the Holy Ghost. He would urge upon them the necessity of taking with them the Gospel of Christ, and thus seek to deliver men from the titbits of intemperance, and then they should wear the Iittle bit of blue. It had proved an encouragement lo many in times of temptation, and had aroused the consciences of others to a knowledge of the evil that was gaining a hold upon them. He would also briefly refer to the history of the local option movement in the colony. It would be in the recollection of several present that the electors had the power for a number of years of saying at the municipal or shire elections, that the number of hotels in a given vicinity should not be increased. An advance was then made by the intro- duction of a bill giving the electors the right to say whether there should be a decrease or otherwise. Unfortunately, the bill was so mutilated in its passage through the House that it became prac- tically useless. An effort was made at Port Melbourne to carry it into effect, but in consequence of the number of voters polled not coming up to the required number, their efforts proved futile. It had this result, however, that it led to the repeal of the one-third proviso. Since then polls had been taken in various parts. The results in most cases were highly satisfactory, the electors deciding by large majorities that there should be a decease to the statutory number. In consequence of appeals to the Supreme Court the will of the people had not been complied with. At the recent elections, however, there had been re- tained to Parliament fifty-four members pledged to support the introduction of a measure giving them effective local option, viz., the carrying out of the decisions of the electors where a reduction had been demanded, and also giving the inhabitants of any district the power to say whether there should be a decrease or otherwise. He sincerey trusted that when the time came the people of Camperdown would bring their influence to bear upon their representative and by every means possible bring about the overthrow of the liquor traffic. (Loud applause,) At intervals vocal selections, recitations, and dialogues were effectively rendered by members of the Band of Hope, Miss M. Walls presiding at the organ. An appropriate address was also delivered by Rev. Wm. Thomson. On the motion of Rev. A. C. Smith, seconded by Mr. E. G. Morrison, a vote of thanks was enthusias- tically accorded the Rev. A. R. Edgar, to which the rev. gentleman suitably responded. 