■fiovclist. The Ghost of Oak Crag. 15V ESTIIE11 JSEltLE KEKKETH. i The old Meadows house. Everyone in Lennox knew where it was. For years only part of it was occupied. The build ing stood upon what was called “ Oak Crag,” and rose, a great solemn stoue building, nearly square, in the full sight of the town. Once it had been a very popular place, as the country seat..of the Meadows. Parties from the city thronged it ail summer. It was known as a popular re tort while old Drake Meadows lived. But for years it had been nearly de- j sorted, and most of the family were dead. The family had rapidly died out. Old Drake Meadows lest his wife and daugh ter, then parted with thi3 life himself, leaving the property to two sons—one of whom, veiv wealth}', resided in Europe ; the other—well, nobody knew exactly where Rick Meadows was or what had become of him. lie used tube known in tho old times as the scapegrace son, who wa3 always in diliiouhy. Ho had a kind of passionate pride, hut no dignity. Ho was hail fellow well met with everybody, and used to go fishing'with the tavern boys, and oil on night ixpedilions after nobody knew what. A great trial to his rather till'y proud relations, the towns people asserted ; but with them he was a groat favorite. In spite of his pranks upon their per sons and property, there were generous ways and winning tricks about the boy. He would sometimes atone in the most lavish liinnuer for his depredations upon their possessions—bringing back tho fruit or chickens or pumpkins he had stolen at night, or if tho property was destroyed, more than paying for it out of his pocket money When angered or insulted, he would fight like a young demon, and drive everything before him. In his per sonal likings ho was quite as fervid, and “ to love and hate like Rick Meadows’’ had become a proverb in the town. But when the family left the Crag, one autumn, and never came back again, Rick disappeared from their view. Ho was a lad of eighteen then ; ami, not long aflcr news of his father’s death came, it was reporlcd that lie had gone'into tho For years and years the house stood empty. Tho garden run to waste, the fences grew dilapidated, and the trees teemed to sigh in a mournful way before ttie silent door, « In n one day a messsn • 'cr arrived from the city to sav that Ed ward Mtadows, the owner, wanted to put a:i occupant in it who would keep the place in ordi r for tho rent. Tun news seemed a perf. ct godsend to iliiiun Lima.'-. Site never thought fur a moment t.b tC the house was haunted; Cor the place, like any other deserlcd habitation, had gathered disagreeable re ports. She only knew that it would be a homo for her brother Westerly and herself during Westerly’s studies; and alioaccordingly applied for itaud obtained it. Tho brother and sister were very different. Dearlvas Emma Lamar loved her brother Westerly Lamar was i bad, passionate, unscrupulous fellow. Ho bad inherited choleric blood and a •elfish nature from his father. All his mother's noble qualities seemed trans mitted to his sister. Emilia was tho •lder, being twenty-three. Westerly was just of age. Resolute facing of a hard world had riven Emma Lamar an air that was a little grim ; but she had exquisite fea tures and beautiful, dark-blue eyes. She would liavo been a beauty and a belle if she bad possessed the tastes and manners of a beauly ami a belle ; but life was and ilways had been a serious matter with ;hcr. She had seen father and mother die in her early youth ; and now she lived for Westerly, who was not a very comforting object to live for. Westerly was studying medicine, and was, at least, an ambitions student. Of course they were poor, but Emma’s capability kept thein always in respect »ble appearance. She kept them also perfectly independent and out of debt which gave them a strong claim to the re spect of their neighbors. When they went to Oak Crag to live, they had everybody’s best wishes. No one was particularly fond of Westerly Lamar, but all wished him well for his sister’s sake. Everyone approved of Emma Lamar, the devoted daughter and good sister. The first evening they spent at Oak Crag, both felt a little strangely. They occupied the west side. The remainder of the house was deathly still. That morning they had wandered through it, viewing for the first time the spacious rooms, half stripped of their furnishings, murky and dusty, and smelling of mould. The place was merely a curiosity \o t';em then ; but when darkness closed- "•"er it, and they remembered what :j/ehanged place it was since tile days when the grand old place had been their childhood's awe and admiration, the neighborhood of those cold and desolate rooms to their evening tiro was a little oppres “This is a pokerish place, after all, Em,” said Westerly, after ho had sat silent a while, listening to the moaning of the wind in the chimney, while his sister Emma sat by the hearth, absorbed in her work. She looked up. “But it is going to be so much better for us, Westerly.” “It will take all my time to look after that old garden.” “Hot more time than you ought lo give to exercise after studying so “ But I want to go into tho city somo And Westerly Lamar rose, strolled to the window, and looked thoughtfully out at the pitch-black night. His sister was silent fora moment,then “You mustn't go into the city and leave me alone here, Westerly.” “I'd nevir have come here if I had thought of that,” exclaimed Westerly Lamar, impatiently. “ What we're you thinking of when you made the plan, Em? Did you want to bury us alive?’’ “ Wo can’t afford to be very gay; Westerlv.” “Afford 1 I’ll allo-d a decent life one of these days,” muttered the young man, as he turned again to the window, and looked at the city lights. There was a look of pcculiar'concern upon his sister’s face as she went on with her work. She might have been hurt by her brother's ingratitude, or perhaps she was thinking her plan of coming to Oak Crag might-be an unfortunate one. Her expression was very gravo, whatover might be its cause. Westeily finally' returned from the window to his books. As the moments passed, and the clock ticked loudly in tho silent room, Emma’s head bunt lower and lower over her sewing, and at last a tear splashed on the snowy linen. She had tyied so hard to make the place pleasant and homelike to Westerly ! At least it did seem that he was unappreciative. He looked up at her suddenly as tiro, clock struck ten. “Em, you had better go to bed.. I am going to study till late,” he said. ' Emma hesitated. “ I’m not sleepy. Won’t you be lonely here, Westerly “ Ho,” he replied. “ I can study much better by myself.” So, after a little while, Emma put by her work, bade him good-night, and went across the hall to her room. She sighed heavily as she lot down. her. hair before the mirror; ami, as she looked at the reflection.of her face, she-saw that her cheek was pale, and her eyes.-mourn ful and steadfast. She went to bed, but did not sleep. She watched the moonlight creep across tho floor, and listened to the dismal wail ing of the wind, until tho clock struck twelve. Then she rose, wrapped herself from the frosty air, and stepped across tho hall. She opened the sitting room door softly and looked in. The oil had burned out of tho lamp, and the wick sputtered feebly. The room was unoccupied, and apparently bad been for some time, for tho iire was out, and the' atmosphere was chilly. Emma Lamar went back to her bed, and burying her face in the pillows, sobbed like a child. She realised her dreadful situation. Probably she would be left alone in that desolate place night after night, while her brother was away, Heaven only knew where. She had her secrot. For the last three months her brother had been accustomed secretly to take the night train at eleven o’clock, go into the city, and return to his room at somewhere about four o’clock in the murniDg. She possessed this knowledge unknown to him. When he would make his appearance at breakfast, it would bo with pale cheeks and bloodshot eyes, or sullen and heavy headed with insuflicient sleep. With a dread that was almost a surety of evil, she had asked no questions. She believed her brother to be wedded to some bad practice, but she could not tell what. He was easily angered, and she did not dare question him for fear of causing an outbreak which would be no satisfaction. Si, after most earnest thought, she had come to Oak Crag, hoping that the change of situation and the demand upon his time and attention might alter his habits. She was con vinced that the plan was unsuccessful ; and the prospect of being left alone in that gloomy place night after night was appalling. The clock struck one. ' Just then a slight noise startled her. She raised her head and listened. It was a step in tho room above. Her heart stood still, and then commenced beating so that she was nearly suffocated. Her first thought was to lock the door of her room, She did this, and then crept back into bed and listened. She could distinctly hear some one going about over head, and for a while sho was completely abandoned to terror. Then she attempted some solution of the problem. The bouse was old, and the noise might be caused by rats. But she could not, in reason, entertain this idea more than a minute. The step became a regular pacing over head. She was convinced that some one beside herself was in the house. She lay and listened to the sound. Then she thought it might be Westerly ; but she knew too well that her brother abhorred those lonely precincts overhead, and would by no means enter them by night. lie was miles away, and she was alone in what seemed to her great danger. The suite of rooms that the Lamars had taken were on the ground floor. Emma’s bedroom window was about three feet from the garden walk. Through the oak boughs the moonlight flickered on the floor, and she lay looking at it ns she listened. Suddenly the sound overhead ceased. Wondering what this might portend, she listened anxiously; and fearing, possibly, some assault, she re membered that hor bedroom window was not fastened, and the room was of easy access from the ground. Springing up, she was about to slip from the bed and fasten it, when a shadow fell across the fl ior in the patch of flickering moonlight. She glanced toward the window, and saw a face—a dreadful, wild, ghastly, pallid face—with burning eyes that met-hors for a moment; then the face disappeared, and .Emma Lamar sank back in a swoon of terror. When she returned to consciousness, she heard her brother cough in his room adjoining ; and she know that he had re turned, and it must be nearly morning. With a feeling of safety, she turned upon her pillow, and, resolving to investigate the mystery as day came, fell asleep. It was late when she awoke, and she sprang from bed before she remembered the events of the night. It seemed like a dream as she suddenly remembered what the last night’s experience had been ; and the more so when she threw open the windows and let in the ringing songs of the birds. At -breakfast she told Westerly the story. He came out of his room sleepy and sullen ; but when she commenced her narrative ho flashed into sudden anger. “1 toll you the cursed old place is haunted, Em," he exclaimed. “ Of course it is. There’s no other solution for such sights and sounds. I presumo old Meadow’s ghost haunts it; and unless you want such visitors every night wo had better leave.’’ 11 Jf I thought it nothing more real than ghosts, and you were here, Westerly, I should not be afraid," replied his sister. ‘ ‘ What do you mean by my being hero i” he said quickly. “ You were not here last night, Wes terly," answered Emma, hardly willing to meet his glance of astonishment and anger at her discovery, yot speaking 'firmly. Y Westeriy was silent a moment, then said with cool bravado,— “ I had business in the city. And I’ll tell you what, Em, I may be away any night. So, if you don’t want to be left alone here with the ghosts, you’d better find some other abode. Eor my part, 1 never was in favor of coming her.” “ Why, what can you want in the city at night, Westerly ?" said Emma, sorrow fully. ‘•That’s my business,” replied Westerly, gruffly, bending over his breakfast. Here the conversation dropped, for Emma felt too deeply for words, and Westerly ate his breakfast in silence. During the forenoon they went about their separate occupations ; hut in the afternoon Emma came into the sit ting-room where her brother sat studying, and laying her hand lightly upon his arm, , “ Westerly, will you go up stairs with me ?” “ What for he asked in surprise. “ To see if any one is there, or has been there," she said. Eor a moment he looked incredulous. Then ho rose slowly, saying,— “ Why, Em, yon must be a fool ! How could any one get into those rooms? They are locked in every direction. But I’ll go up if j-ou like.” They went up-stairs. Tile stairs were broad and the steps low. The halls, dusty and sunny, echoed their voices when they spoke ;-but, though lonely, the place was not in any degree fearful. They unlocked and opened room after room, all of which looked silenf and un disturbed. At last the}’ came to the chamber from whence bad proceeded the sound of footsteps the previous night. Emma L unar’s ho art beat hard as she un locked the door. T. ey entered. The room was silent, and echoed the creaking door. All was perfectly still and undis turbed. Westerly laughed as his sister looked about the room. “Do you suppose ghosts leave any marks to track them by ?” said he. “Come, Em, don’t be silly any longer. I tell you no live person could have been in the room last night.” “ What is this ?’’ Emma picked up a glove from the floor. Both examined it in surprise. It was a man’s buckskin glove, gauntleted, and fastened with a heavy gold button, on which were engraved the initials, “R.M.” The glove boro the impress of a shapely hand ; but it was impossible to tell how recently it had been worn, it was so soiled and staiuod. “It lias probably lain bore for years, where some visitor of tho old family dropped it,” remarked Westerly. “ I fancy it feels slightly damp, Wes terly,” said his sister. “Nonsense! It’s nothing hut tho d impnoss of the room. These north-west chambers are full of chills. Come, throw it down, and lot us go down But Emma kept tho glove, carried it down stairs, and laid it away. That night Westerly promised her that ho would not leave the house, and the brother and sister retired to their rooms at ten o’clock. Suddenly, as tho clock struck eleven, a bell rang violently thiongh the house. It was not the hall door bell, but proceeded from one of the chambers. Emma hoard her brother spring out of bod with ail oath. The next moment ho was at her door, when she met him. “For heaven’s sake what is that, Emma ?” he exclaimed. “ It is the bell of the north-west cham ber,” she replied. All this time the bell was ringing. Sud denly it stopped. “ What- shall wo do, Westerly ?” “ Curse me if I don’t find out what this means !” exclaimed her brother. Ho sprang hack In his room, and, to Emma’s surprise, returned with a revol ver. “ Where did you get that, Westerly “Never mind. Take that light and come with me.” She was dressed only in slippers and wrapper, and tho air of tho entries was chill; but she did not mind. She fol lowed her brother in his rapid speed up stairs. Strange to saj', his theory of ghost3 had never made any impression, on her. She feared nothing so vague, but anticipated some strango discovery of human beings where all had seemed deso ! lation. The first strange development was that the door of the north-west chamber was unlocked. It yielded to Westerly’s hand, and with an exclamation of surprise be entered. There was no doubt that it was occu pied. A faint light glimmered on tho table, and upon a lounge lay a man, evi dently in tho agonies of death, llis face was deadly pale, and the cye3 were rolled up as if he were in convulsions. Tho brother and sister stood by in silent hor ror. In a moment the convulsed fea tures were seen to relax, and the breath stopped. “ He is dead,” raid Westerly. They brought Lhe light to' tho marble face. It was handsome and haggard. Westerly uttered an exclamation of sur “ What is it, Westerly ?” *• I saw that man last night in the “Whore?” “In a gambling saloon,” replied the young man, excitedly. He forgot at tho moment that he was betraying himself. Indeed, Emma La mar was too agitated to notice the betrayal beyond the mere words. She looked down at the man, and a look of weariness and sorrow on the still, pallid face touched her “ Pshaw ! What are you crying for ?” exclaimed Westerly. “ Hold the light a minute.” He gave her the light, then, unfasten ing the man’s necktie, and, baring his breast, made various tests of life. Tiie form lay as impassive and cold as marble. “ lie’s dead enough,” said Westcrh’. “ What arc we to do with him ? Shall I call a physician, Westerly ? I am no afraid to go down the hill.” Emma Lamar thoughtshc would prefer it to remaining with that solemn dead figure, while her brother went to call help or evidence. But Westerly did not answer. After a few moments- lie covered the face, and “ Como down stairs now." They went back to the silting room, put down the light, and looked at each “ How: did lie come here, Westerly ?” ‘.‘Heaven only knows; but, Em, it’s tho best luck that ever happened to me ?” ’ . “ How ?” “ I shall use him for a subject if noth ing happens to prevent—that is, if I see no chance of detection. Prof. Gardner will pay me one hundred pound.--; and ask no questions.” “ Good heavens ! Westerly, I beg of you—” “Pshaw! Hush, will you! There’s nothing to prevent. I’ve made up my mind. And there’s tho body—a splendid case. You noticed his dress, did you not?” “ Ho.” “Army—major’s on! fit, I think. lie’s a foreigner ; I noliccd his accent last night. He won my money like the devil. How he happened to be in this hou.so ia the. mystery.” .. “ What killed him 9” “ Late hours and liquor, perhaps. Pos sibly lie took a quiet dose of someihing io get himself out of. the hands of the law. He wa3 a desperate looking fellow when there was life in his face.” “ Oh, Westerly, where have you learned about these things ? You have changed so much in a year!” . “ Go to bed, Era ; don’t preach !’’ ‘ • “ What are you going to do ?” “ I am going up-stairs again.” “ Westerly, I pray you do nothing with that.man’s body to-night.” “ i’il do what 1 please, E:n. You had better go to bed.” “But, Westerly, the danger of—” “ I will manage my allairs.' Go to bed.” He took another light and went to his room! His sister knew that he had gone for his surgical case. Trembling with cold and excitement, and trying-vainly to collect her faculties that she might think calmly, she retreated to her room, and Jay down, half sick with the workings of fear and anxiety. She heard her brothergo up. stairs. The thought of his work made her faint. She prayed that something might happen to prevent. Just then she heard him returning. “ Westerly she called. lie came to the door. ‘‘Listen to me a moment, Westerly. Suppose that man should be tracked hero, and found mutilated, what is to save you from the accusation of mur der ? ’ “ No fear of that. The family burying "round of the Meadows will have one more occupant before morning. I shall have quite done with him in an hour.” “Oh, Westerley, you don’t realise what a desperate thing you are doing!” “Don’t I? A hundred pounds i3 worth a little desperation. Go to sleep, Ho shut the door and went up-sLairs. Emma buried hoi face in tho pillow, and wept in an agony of despair. Not only was her brother’s work revolting to her, but she realised how imminent, was Ihu peril. Westerly seemed determined to bring certain destruction upon them. But suddenly she heard him come leaping down the stairs. He burst into her room. “ lie has gone !” *• Yes. I believe ho was the dc-vil. How could ho lake himself olf when he was dead ? ’ And Westerly Lamar, a moment before so cool, leaned against tho door, and wiped the perspiration of excitement from his forehead. “ IIow did he go, Westerly?’ “ 1 don't know. 1 made a slight cut in the breast, and then came down for my other instruments. When I went back he was gone.” “ Were tho windows and doors open?” “The door was ajar just as 1 left it. The windows were shut.” “ Westerly, I am so glad !” “ Of what ?” “ That you did him no harm.” “Fool !” exclaimed Westerly in a sud den ra"0. “ What harm could I possibly do tho'man if he were dead V” “ Buthe wasn’t dead.” “ 1 tell you lie was as dead as a post!” Westerly went back to the sitling It was nearly daybreak, and he made a fire. Ho sat over it moodily when Emma came out. Then he rose suddenly, and went up-stairs. In a few moments he came down with something in his hand. “ What is that, Westerly ?” “ Nothing but that glove,” lie said, as lie tossed it down. “ Il.iifc I put that glove away. This must be tile mate.” It was so. The buttons bore the same initials. Emma tool; them in charge as a clue to the strange episode of the night. That daj’ it was decided th it they should leave the house. It bore a horror to Emma Lamar ; and, since her plan m coming there was not likely to prove suc cessful, it was not worth while to remain in so disagreeable a place. They would go back to the little cottage they had j rented for the last three years, and live as best they might. At least she would be 'near to neighbors there when left alone at night. Site had never before in her life been so unhappy, and she could not keep back her tears as she prepared for their re moval. Beside her disappointment and sorrow, site was wearied and nervous from the effects of the night’s excitement, and at last, during her brother’s absence, she Hung herself down upon her bed and cried like a child. The poor girl felt tired be yond her strength. At twilight she arose and went into the garden, hoping Chat her aching head would bo relieved by tile clear, frosty air. Besides she could not but acknowledge to herself a dislike to stay in the house alone. Westerly had promised ro return at six o’clock, and she stood on the hill j watching the road, when she saw a dark! spot upon the gravel walk at her feet. A second glanco assured her that it was blood, and her heart leaped up in horror, (■aging in a kind of fascination at the ground, she saw auolheratid another dull red spot, and still drops beyond. Step ping forward she followed the marks to a little summer-house in an oak coppice, and there upon the seat lay extended the figure of a man. (Concluded in our next-.') 