Boveltst. The Midnight Prophecy OR, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones CHAPTER XXII. A Gbgat Victory. Lady Strathspey and Jndith, who was her sole attendant, took tho first out- going train, and . journeyed on as fast as Bteam could carry. tViam towaid Aukland Oaks, in the countv of Kent. A feeling of death-like apathy and despair fioza the poor wife's heart as she sat in an obscure comer, her face thickly veiled, living over a«ain . every moment of that last terrible scene with her husband. Not one bitter word, one cruel glance, had she forgotton. But as she recalled them all, one sentence sti uck her with peculiar force. . . " Day after to-morrow I will meet your gallant . . colonel, and put a bullet through his heart.' " For the first time its true import flashed upon l.i-r. . Hi.r white checks grew whiter, and her 'v. breath came in gasps. Did it mean a duel ? On and on .they sp» d, the golden noon waned, and i he dreary autumn twilight began to fall. She .r would Boon reach the old home of her happy girl hood. But that terrible sentence rang in her an; Day after to-morrow.' . The coming morning would be that day. Only one brief night intervened. One night more, and . her husband, dear as her own life-blood still, in spite of all his cruel injustice — her husband might be lying stark and dead on some lonely heath, with the stain of murder on his soul. She arose to her feet with a suppressed shriek. 'Judith, she whispered in a strange, awed voice, 4 how far is the next station 1 ' 'Only a little way, my lady,' replied the girl, looking. up in wonder. 'I can see the lights from the windows now.' 1 We must get off there ; I am going back." . 'Afylady!' ' Hush ! Have the baggage sent on, aqd ask no questions. ' Her deathly white face and wide, horror-filled eyes frightened Judith, and she obeye in silence. They got off at the little wayside station and .waited for the return train. The autumnmght was wailing, the stars were growing dim, and far beyond the purple hills the first faint tints of dawn were beginning to glow, , when they reached the Penrith station, up amid the Cumberland hills. ' Engage the first carriage you see,' whispered . the countess, as they got out. Judith obeyed in wondering silence. PriTs to tnefCedars, the seat of Lady Verney, and dnve for your life,' she commanded, as the .v ; driver closed the carriage door. . The shrill clarion of a cock from some neigh- -bouring farmyard broke the morning Biience. The oountess uttered a faint cry. v 'Ob,. merciful Heaven!' she moaned, 'it may . be too late J Drive fast J ' she cried to the d: iv>.-r; . ' 'tis a matter of life and death ! Drive fast, and I will double, treble your fee J ' The man sprang to his box and lashed his horses like a madman. They flew through the , dewy English hills like the wind. And the countess sat like a statue, her hands locked, her wide, horror-filled eyes watching the reddening dawn. At the Cedars everything was as silent as the grave, Lady Vcrney s household slept well after their arduous duties. The grand bal masque was : to come off in a couple of days, and her ladyship and her attendants very busy with preparations. . . .. Away up in one chamber of the pleasant Eng- lish country house a solitary light was burning, as it had bnrned through the livelong night ; and . in. that chamber sat Colonel Gilbert Verney, in . .. whose honor all this gayety and display was to ha. : Very calm, and cool, and gentlemanlike was. . the. Indian officer, as he sat there settling up his earthly affairs and making ready for the d<-a>h \- . that the morrow might bring. He had full faith in his own skill, yot he did not underrate that of his enemy. Lord Stiathspey was a good shot, and pistols were to be their weapons. Tne colonel had made his will and written a \- hi n-f characteristic note to the woman who was , to be his wjfe. and a"iew lYues -.of instruction and \--explanation to his sister, who was utterly ignor- a-nt-oiihe awful event that was. impending. The-rest of his time ho devoted to making out a clear and concue statement of all that had oc curred between the Countess of Strathspey and himself, in which he fully set forth her purity and innocence. This done, he arose, smoked his inevitable cigar, and glanced ont at the redden ing dawn. \- . It was time to set out. He did not care to be late on the field.: He descended the stairs with the same serene and sphinx- like face he always wore, and was in the act of letting himself out .. .When a violent ring at the door-hell startled the whole household. The colonel opened the door, and stpod face to face with Lady Strathspey. He divined her errand on the instant, and led her into a small ante-room adjoining, the door of which he locked. The countess dropped into a seat, breathless and sick from fatigue and excite- . pent. The colonel crossed to the mantel and poured out a small goblet of wine, which he com pelled her to swallow. ' How Lady Strathspey,' he said, as he glanced pt his watch, .' let me hear what you have to say ; J faavn't any time to lose.' The countess looked up at his stern, icy face, and her very soul sank within her. 'Qolonel Verney,' she said, 'you are going to fight a duel with my husband ? I am !' was the laconic answer. . ' And I have oome,' she continued, her voice thrilling with agony, 'to entreat you to forgo your purpose.' . 'Just what I supposed,' replied the officer, huttoning his coat; 'I am truly sorry, madam, but I cannot grant your request ; and now, if you have nothing more to say, I mast bid yon good morning 1 ' . He strode toward the door, but the poor woman prang up and threw herself at his feet. 'Oh, Colonel Verney,' she entreated, raising her imploring eyes to his face, ' have pity on mo ; ; I am the most wretched creature in this world al ready, but if this duel takes place I shall go mad I Oh, Colonel Verney, have pity on me I ' Madam,' questioned the Colonel, a little im- patiently. ' why do yon come to me ? Why not Mke y#w »ppeal to the Karl of Strathspey 1 ' ' Because' she replied, with an unutterable pathos in her voice, ' because tho Earl of Strath spey has cast uio off, and foi bidden me ever to come into his presence — he would not hear me — hut, Colonel Verney, he is my husband, and I love him ; and on my knees I implore you to save him and yourself from the awful crime of murder ! ' The colonel, despite his self-command, was deeply moved. His bearded lips actually trembled, as he raised the kneeling countess and placed her in a seat. ' Lady Strathspey,' he said, ' this is very pain ful — I wish you had not sought this interview. I eanuot grant your request. Your husband in sulted me, and thon challenged me to fight him ; and at this moment he awaits my coming ! And you come hero to ask ine to back out and brand myself a coward ? " 'Not a coward, Colonel Verney,' she cried; ' a christian — a man so bold and brave that he dares defy the pitiful estimate of men, dares do what is right, for tiie sake of liisv owu soul, for the sake of a miserable, heart-broken woman j Colonel Verney have mercy! In the years to come, when you have a wife of your own, it will be a bitter drop in the enp of your happiness to remember that you took my 'husband's life, and sent mo to a suicide's grave ! For your own sake, for my poor husband's sake, for the , sake of my little children, have mercy..!.' Sho threw -herself at his feet again, clasping liis knees, and raising her streaming eyes to his face. He shook her oil' almost roughly, his face growing white and rigid. ' Great Heaven ! ' he burst out. 'I'd sooner be shot a dozen times than endure this. Let me alone, madam, 1 must go ! ' He strode past her, and, unlocking the door, hurri- d out. The dawn of day was in its glory ! The east one blaze of gold, all the hill-tops crowned with purple mist, the sweet, fresh air alive with rejoic ing melody J Something in this sweet and soh-mn beauty, in the twitter of the birds, the bleating of the folded lambs, the breath of the opening blossoms : some subtle influence touched this cold, cynical, worldly man's heart, and he stood still on the steps, glancing solemnly around him. Eor the last time, pethaps ! In another hour his soul might bo iu eternity 1 A faint, gasping sob, from the poor woman within, reached his ear : the woman he had loved so in the days of his impetuous youth. He turned sharply on his heel, setting his white teeth hard beneath his moustache. He was a brave man, this Indian, colonel, but never had su ill sublime courage inspired him as at that moment. Ho strode back, and into tlic anteroom, where the countess still knelt, bar. fact- still hidden in her hands. ' Lady Strathspey,' he said, curtly, ' I'll not fight your husband.' The countess sprang up with a cry of joy, and began to pour forth her thanks and blessings, but. before she could utter a word the colonel was gone. And while she and Jndith were being driven back to Penrith Station, to make a fresh start for Aukland Oaks, away out on the borders of the Sevenoak estate, in a secluded bottom, known as Willow Ridge, a suleiun group was gathered. The Earl of Strathspey and his two seconds, who were Colonel Chudleigh and a young guards man named Putney, and two gentlemen, the seconds of Colonel Verney. Everything was in readiness : the spot selected, the distance paced oil", all the horrible prelimin aries arranged, and, pistol iu hand, the ha-jgard earl stood in tho solemn hush of (lawn, eager to stain his soul with tho awful crime of murdt r. The birds began to twitter amid the willow houghs, the golden light broadened and deepened, and presently, above the purple peaks of the Cumberland hills, appeared the glittering rim of the golden sun. But Colonel Gilbert Verne> had not come. The earl strode up and down, gnawing at his moustache in his fiery impatience, and one of the colonel's seconds mounted his horse and rode off to ascertain tho causo of his delay. In a short space of time he galloped back, bringing the start ling news that Colonel tx-.Jbert Verney declined to fight. ' Curte him ! ' muttered tho earl, white with disappointed rage ; ' he's a sneak and a coward, and I'll shoot him down on sight, like a dog ! ' 'I don't know,' mused Colonel Chudlc-igh; ' I'm inclined to think it required more courage en Verney V pa :t to give up this duel than to fight it.' CHAPTER XXIbL, JUElTU's SORROW. At first, as is always the case, there was a won" droits commotion over this scandal in high life- The afl'air was discussed from tho Scottish border to Land's End, for the Earl of Strathspey was a noted man ; it filled the public journals, and con stituted the topic for all the tfea-drinkings for a lqonth afterward. As a matter of course, public sympathy went with the earl. A British peer could not possibly be in the wrong. It was his wife, his fair, weak wifo 1 " Frailty, thy name is woman !" Lady Neville took the matter in hand, ami soon promulgated the popular theory. Whatever Lady Neville did was popular. ' Poor Angus I she said, referring to the earl, ' his domestic afflictions are so severe 1 He was a man to be pitied. His countess is insane ! That is the secret. There was a taint of madness in the Aukland blood ; she warned the earl of it before he married her.' Whoever would have dreamed of such a romance as that shepherd hoy in the Tyrol being Lord Strathspey's son, hut a maniac ! The earl believed the boy to be her own child, born be fore their marriage ; Lady Neville did not know about that. There was a diversity of opinion rela tive to the child's age. But the countess had acted shamefully, and was not .to be trusted in anything. This was the popular belief, and the credulous British public swallowed it without asking a ques tion. Meanwhile, Lord Strathspey, hoping to drown some of his bitter anguish, took himself off to foreign lands, leaving the divorce, and his children, and everything else to take care of themselves, or to be taken care of by Mb capable relatives, the Nevilles. His countess settled down very quietly in her old home at Aukland Oaks, with Judith as com panion, and some old and devoted servants, who had Berved her dead father. Very few friends, apart from these, had the once flattered and bril liant countess. Public opinion was almost unani mously against her, Even her lawyer, Sir Henry Galbraith, into whose hands she submitted the case of her little boy in the Tyrol, even he, while he took the caseinh,gj,Y,"Hnd aetcriiifn-.rct. to make the best it, looked upon the wA'oJ-e thing'trra supreme bit of nonsense, and upon his client herself, as a weak, addle-brained-woman, who would be much safer lodged iu a mad house. Only one of her former friends stood by her in her fallen fortune. TMs one was old Doctor Renfrew. He made his way down to Aukland Oaks to pay her a consolatary visit. The old Scotchman had a keen brain, and was intensely practical in Ms shrewd common sense, yet strange enough, he believed every word of the story concerning the Tyrol lad, on the first hearing. And he went down to Aukland Oaks to offer his old patient Ms aid and consola tion. Meanwhile, Judith, faithful and devoted to her unfortunate lady, had her own sorrows. The five thousand pounds, which was to have been her marriage dowry, lay snugly in the bank, awaiting her order, and she had in addition a nice little sum saved from her montMy wages. Enough, as she told herself, to put Hendrick and herself far be- beyond the reach of want. But Hendrick did not come. For months the Victoria, the ship on wMch he sailed, had been due, yet she did not come. And now, every number of the Times, that the anxiouB girl took up, contained some item in reference to the expected steamer. One week she was seen off this place, and the next week off the other, but at last the true intelligence came. Judith read it one morMng, sitting in the pretty breakfaBt-room at Aukland Oaks. 4 Lost at Sea,' in ominous capitals headed the column of marine intelligence ; and the simple account followed. The truth had been got at in regard to the misBing steamer Victoria. She was burned in the Chinese waters, and not one of her crew escaped. Not one! Hope died in Judith Ford's heart, as she read these last words, and a hope that was very dear to her. She was a quiet, self-possessed girl, hut her affections were very deep, and Bhe loved this sailor , lover, as few women love. Yet she uttered no cry; i only the ruddy crimson left her brown cheekB, and he looked qui at the window, against whieh the wintry storm was beating, with blank desolation in her eyes. She was an orphan, without kith or kin in the wide world, and just at that moment, her marriage dowry, and her little hoard of earnings, seemed worthless. She uttered a dry sob. The countess, musing before the fire, heard it, and looked up. The girl's blank, hopeless face startled her. ' What is it, Juidth ?' she asked. Judith crossed to where she sat, with the Times in her hand, and her fingers on the para graph. 4 The Victoria's lost, for sure," she said, ' and Hendrick's gone!' There was an indescribable pathos in her quiet voice. Lady Strathspey's eyes filled with tears as she glanced over the item. She put out her arm, and drew the girl to her side. Overcome by her lady's kindness, Judith dropped on her knees, and rested her head on her shonlder, weeping quiet, but bitter tears. The countess stroked her brown hair cares singly. 'Poor Judith — good, faithful Jndith,' she.said, 'if it is true,, we shall be nearer and dearer friends than ever, friends in the sacred bonds of sorrow.' And it was true 1 The Victoria never returned, and Hendrick was gone! CHAPTER XXIV." IN WHICH LADY DRU1I1I0ND HAKES A SUGGESTION. The London season . set in, and Lady Cecilia Drummond and her circle of gay ad mirers took flight from Cavendish Manor and opened the baronet's town house in Grosvenor square. The baronet was quite bountifully supplied with wealth ; otherwise he never would iiave been my Lady Cecilia's husband ; and the ap pointments of his town house were very magni ficent. Lady Drummond and Lady Neville were the beBt of friends. Their elegant mansions were in the same locality, and they met continually at the fasMonabie assemblies, wMch both fre quented. It was at Lady Drummond's first ball of the season thut their first meeting, after the separa tion of the eari and Ms wife, took place. A very charming a flair was this ball, got up on the grandest scale, and attended by the very cvenie de la creme of West End Society. Lady Drummond was the queen of hosts, and her entertainments were always largely attended. The spacious drawing-rooms were filled with beauty and splendor on this her first night ; costly silks, and priceless jewels, and sweet- scented blossoms glittered and glowed in the light of the swinguig chandeliers ; and over all throbbed the bewildering sound of exquisite music. My lady, in suberb black Lyons velvet, with rubies in the laces at her throat and amid her black hair, looked more entrancing than ever, and her dear five hundred friends welcomed her back with the most flattering assurances of delight. " She did the honors in the most approved manner. She seemed ubiquitous in her graceful attentions ; smiling radiantly on one, speaking a pleasant word to ano.her, and breaking he an 3 at random with the glances of her glorious eyes. She danced and sang, and fairly outdid her self in the way of being charming ; and yet, never perhaps in all her life before, had the fair Cecilia felt more despondent. When the ball was fairly underway, and every one was oeing amused and entertained, she stole out from the crowded drawing-rooms into the dim, cool silence of the conserva tory. One little compartment, filled with rare foreign plants, and shut off from the whole by glass doo. s, was secure from intrusion. This she entered, and closing the door after her, she threw kersolf into the rustic Beat wiEh a sigh of relief. Lady Drummond bad looked for the Earl of Strathspey at her ball that night. ' He can come in a quiet way, with you and Sir Harry,' she wrote in her note of invitation to Lady Neville ; ' it will do tho poor man good to mingle with his friends, and where is the iinpro- . priety ?' But instead of availing Mmself of her invita tion and attending the ball in a quiet wav this provoking peer had taken himself off to Sicily for the winttir. Lady Cecilia sat down, and pushed back the heavy braids from her forehead, her dark brows corrugated with veiatiun. ' Goue to Sicily V she soliloquised ; ' go:;e, and I counted so much on having liiin here ! Of all provoking men, Angus, Earl of Strathspey, is most provoking ! But i 11 have my revenge yet 1 I will!" Sho set her white teeth, andlocked her jewelled hands in fierce determination. The music throbbed upon the pei fumed air ; the rhythmic murmur of dancing feet sounded faint and far away. She f> Tgot herself and her duties in the mad dening memories that crowded on her. She seemed to be back again in that far- away morning of youth and hope. How happy sho was ! How beautiful she was, and how she loved him! This very provoking man, Angus, Earl of Strathspey, how she loved him in Ms manly, Saxon strength, with tho honors of all his race descending to him aloue. How he thrilled her with the glances of his handsomo eyes, and won her with the flatteries of his honeyed tongue 1 How he called her Ms own, his bride, his countes«, and then at the very last whsn she almost felt the coronet upon her brow, cast her off, and at Ms father's bidding, married another ! And that other, the one woman in all the world whom she most hated — Marguerite, daugh ter of Sir Roland Aukland, heiress of Aukland Oaks. And hut for,, this Marguerite, this blue-eyed Pearl of Kent, "as she was called, through some kindredsliip on the father's side, the baronetcy of Aukland, together with the old chateau in France, and all the Aukland moneys, would have descended to Cecilia Cavendish, of Cavendish Manor. But the blue- eyed Pearl of Kent lived and thrived, and the Lord of Strathspey Towers went down and wedded her. And she, grand-niece of a duke, with all her haughty pride and queenly beauty, was left for saken in her dreary oM manor-house, with scarcely a pound of ready cash. Thinking it all over, her dark cheeks flamc-d, and a baleful light blazed" in her black eyes. No thing short of a complete revenge would ever cancel that bitter wrong, that terribly humilia tion. Angus of Stradfi\55p.ev .had blighted her life, and left her to marry an imbecrAi tfdd baronet for the sake of liis gold and title ; anti w. surely would she blight his, and bring his . proud 'i&ott;'rf- down in the dust at her feet. Sitting iu the dim light of the conservatory, with the gorgeous blooms around her, this woman looked the impersonation of a beautiful fiend in her costly robes and jewels, her rare face distorted by the most malignant passions the human heart ever knows. A rustle of silken drapery in the adjoining apartment startled her. It was Lady Neville, who came in to look at the flowers and get a breath of fresh air. A proud and regal woman, very like the earl, her brother. She picked a cluster of helio trope, and sat down, inhaling its fragrance. Lady Drummond arose on the instant and hur ried out. 'My dear Lady Neville,' she said, sinking down on an opposite seat, ' I beg your pardon. I was choking with the heat and ran in here. I hope it is not growing tedious in the drawing- rooms ?' ' Oh, dear, no,' replied Lady Neville, as she fastened the heliotrope in the lace of her bosom ; ' I never saw a more successful ball. Your balls are always successful, Lady Drum mond !' ' Are they, my dear Lady Neville ? If you say so, I'm content. But I beg your pardon ! I fancy you look a trifle paler than usual. Are you quite well ?' ' No, not entirely well ; I felt just the least faint when I left the hall- room." Lady Drummond caught up her little silver hell and tinkled it. In an instant a page steod before her. 'A bottle of port,' she said, 'and some glasses.' ' Delightful old port, Lady Neville,' she ex plained, as the page returned with, the requisite articles on a silver tray ; ' Sir Varney pronounces it unsurpassed. Just one glass, 'twill run through jour teine tike fire# She poured out a couple of glasses, drinkmff one herself while Lady Neville Bipped thf' other. - ' I've not been myself,' said the latter, ' for a week or two, indeed not since — that sad afl'air of the earl's.' Lady Drummond nodded sympathetically. "Tis a terrible affliction, ' contirm'd- Lad>, N?vil'2, ?VM.ir.g- A/.vu her 'glass, her blonde cheek flushing from the effects of the wine. " I can't bear to think of it. Poor Angus humiliated ! But he deserves it. Ha should never have married "an Aukland !' ' I beg your pardon, Lady Neville,' smoothly put in Lady Cecila, ' bat the taint of insanity is uot in the Aukland blood, it comes from the mother's side ; your brother's wife's mother was a Rowland, and the taint comes from the Rowland blood.' ' Does it indeed ? Oh, dear me, I really beg your pardon, my dear Lady Drummond, I did not think — you are connected with the Auklands, are you not ?' 'Remotely,' replied Lady Drummond, with a repressed flash in her eyes. 'Don't distress yourself, my dear friend, I'm not a bit ofl'ended. I'm quite sure I do not inherit the family taint.' : ' Well, the. Auklands are a- con- tinued .Lady.- Neville, ' end poor, dear papa was eager for the matcbr-indeed, he commands d it, I believe,. Angus had got into some entangle ment, "aild' poor papa wanted him to marry. But dear mamma and I warned them of this very thing. And now it has broken out. So sad for a man like" Angus, so young, and with such a career before him. He's completely broken down ; no heart or spirit for anything.' ' Does he contemplate getting a divorce ?' asked Lady Cecilia, pressing hc-r hand against her heart to still its fierce throbbings. ' He did, at first — or rather we persuaded him to do so. But he has changed his mind again — he say's he won't suffer the disgraceful affair to be dragged before tne public.' You see, he believes Ms wife to be guilty of criminal conduct. I don't speak of it, but you are a dear friend. AU that story of the child, yon know, which the countess fancied was her own, and insisted that the earl should acknowledge — 1 believe it all to be iionsense, the vagaries of a maniac's brain ; but Angus,' lowering her voice, and speaking confidentially, ' believes the boy is her own, born before her marriage.' ' ' Really ! And where is the boy ?' questioned Lady Drummond. ' I scarcely know — somewhere in the Tyrol though, I think. Oh, 'tis just the most absurd thing. A poor peasant's child that she chanced to fancy.' Lady Cecilia's eyes gleamed like those of a panther about to spring. ' I wonder,' she suggested cautiously, ' if Bhe, the couutess I mean, could have conmved at the abduction of her own babe, in order that tMB child might supplant him.' ' "Tis horrible to think of, hut Angus believes it.' ' He does, poor man ; how I pity him,' Lady Drummond said, her eyes gleaming with a wicked triumph ; ' it will be bad to have it dragged before the public for her children's sake. If 1 were con cerned, I should stop it.' 'We are trying. Sir Marshall has seen. Gal braith and requested Mm not to take her case in hand. She is taking steps to have the cMld's rig'vts, as she fancies them, established.' Lady Drummond laughed, a peculiar, ripplisg peal. 'Dear me,' she said, i if I wore the Earl of Strathspey, and that woman's husband, though she's my cousin in a remote degree, how effect- tually I would stop all this scandal.' ' How ?' questioned Lady Neville. ' How? Simply enough. I would exercise a husband's authority, and shut her up in a mad house, where she could not harm herself or others.' Lady Neville started. Clever as she was she had never dreamed of this, and it appeared so easy, and not at all cruel or wrong. She was an intensely proud woman, and this was such an effectual way of hushing up the scandal. If the earl were only in England. Lady Drummond watched her keenly, and saw that her arrow struck home, as she intended it should. ' And the dear little children?"' she asked, 'how are they ?' ' Oh, quite well ; only Lady Pearl grieves for her mother. Angus is a peifect stoic.' ' He's like the Strathspey's, isn't he ?' ' Well, yes, I suppose so ; at least he will he aB he matures.' ' I thought the likeness very striking, as I re member him,' said Lady Drummond, with a most wicked smile. ' Poor little things, it is so sad. But the very hast have their troubles; it will all blow over in a little while. Don't worry your self ill, dear Lady Neville." 'I'll try not,' replied her ladyship, as she arose; 'and now I suppose it is our duly, cr your duty rather, to return to the drawing- rooms. But really T am iu no mood for gayety ; and dearest Lady Drummond, if you'll allow me I think I'll order my carriage and drive home." Lady Drummond was deeply grieved, of course, yet she yielded her consent, and the sister of Lord Stiathspey departed, her brain filled with the new purpose that her friend's words had suggested. CHAPTER XXV. THE MYSTERIOUS EOE AGAIN. Tho Countess of Strathspey found herself hedged in with difficulties on every hand. Tho estates of Aukland Oaks, and the French chateau < were her own, hut there was no available money, and it required cash in abundance to institute and carry on a lawsuit. Moreover, when she went to her lawyer, Sir Henry Galbraiili, with a great many apologies, and in very polite phrase, he de clined to take the case in hand. He had never lost a case, and he did not care to lose one. Hers was simply hopeleRB. The Earl of Strathspey had accepted and aclcnowlcdg d one child a3 his own, and there was not the least proof in the world to establish the claims of this other one. Nothing but the fact that he had a similar birth mark. A dozen children in the kingdom might have the same thing ! It was a weak case, and he was forced to decline either advice or action in regard to it. Tho countess went away bitterly disappointed, yet forced to acknowledge the truth of what the lawyer had said. She had no heart to make an other effort. Tho winter went by slowly and drearily at Auk land Oaks. Dark days and dismal nights to poor, heart-broken Judith and her lady. And spring brought them no hope. The young foliage b-gan . to sprout upon the oak boughs, and the Kentish hop-fields to grow green in the genial sunlight, but for these two there came no rift of light, no ray of hope. Lady Strathspey rnado no effort to see her own children. Her hu'sbaud's decree could not be dis-. obeyed. Much as she hungered, in her motherly tefiuVjiai'SSjJtir 'ittle Pearl, even for poor, saliow- cheeked Augds7!m«-"_made no effort to see tliern, and Lady Neville sent Ko.30 tidings in regard to tliem. : v. ' . With tho opening of the warm weather, she and; Judith journeyed down "to Dovci\ and"lci'iffi3. the Channel, and iuto the green' valley of the Tyrol."1 The shepherd's cottage was unchanged. The old man and his wife still lived, and little Romulus, was growing to be, a line lad, stout and sturdy, and very handsome in his Saxoii' fairness ; and with every year the mark upon Ms fan, round arm, grew deeper and ruddier. But the old womau had a strange story to tell. " Only a week before," said she, " a strange woman had been there, a handtome woman, dark and tall, but with a wickediook in her eyes. She wanted to see the child the Countess of Strath spey had sent her. Little Romulus was called up and paraded before lier, and she stared at Mm as if he were a ghost, her face growing white, and her limbs shaking under her. Then she went away, but the next day slio returned, and said the countess wished tho boy to be brought to England, and had sent her to pay the old people for their trouble and take him away. But the old people refused to give him up, and held on to him in the face of all this strange, dark woman could say and do." Lady Strathspey grew white with terror, as she heard this story, and she drew the child to her bosom with a convulsive clasp. " My darling, you are all I have," she sobbed, and they would rob me of you.' 'And you did not send the strange woman then, my lady ?"' questioned the old mar ' Send her ? Oh, no, no !' cried the countess ; 'it is some.vile conspiracy, some cruel falsehood, o get Mm ->ut of the way. But they shall not, they shall not have him boy, my darling, my darling I' Romulus looked up with wonderiug eyes, only dimly comprehending the cause of the beautiful lady's tears, and listened gravely while the countess and the old couple discussed their plans for the future. Lady Strathspey desired to take the boy to England, and deeply as it grieved be better. He might be stolen from them, and fF was time, as his mother said, that his education was being cared for. Their arrangements were made accordingly, and after a few day's sojourn in the valley, the morrow was appointed for their departure. The afternoon was unspeakably lovely. A May afternoon amid the sunlight Alpine peaks. Lady Strathspey took her little boy by the hand and started out for a walk; leaving Judith to assist the old woman in her evening labors. She strolled along the edge of the valley, the great mountain peaks towering above her, little Romulus gather ing blossoms and skipping pebbles, and Wolf, the grim sheep-dog, tottering along behind. The boy ran 011 shouting, and laughing, and shaking the blonde ringlets over his bright blue eyes ; such a handsome, manly little fellow, s? like liis father, the husband who had wronged and insulted her cruelly. The couutess watched Mm, her hgart swelling and her. eyeB overflowing with teaiF.J " Presently they came to a lovely little nook at the very foot of a great cliff, a mossy bed all over grown with wild blossoms aud-red-berrles. Lady Strathspey sat down on an arching rock, while Romulus gathered the berries and blossoms and twined them into a garland for Wolf's neck. The afternoon sunshine streamed around theminrifts of gold, and the murmur of the river and the notes of the ring-dove filled their ears with music. In a little while a flock of goats camo bleating by on their way to the cottngofold. Wolf pricked up his ears' and stared after them, and little R-miulus followed, shouting and laughing at the frolicsome gambols of the kids. Smiling sadly, the countess aiose to follow, when all at once, as if the yawning mountain had sent it forth, a black figure arose before her, a tall, shadowy figure, with a wild, unearthly face. 'Countess of Strathspey,' it cried, with that same mocking langh, in that same terrible voice she so wdl re me inhered, 'have not my words come true ? You are robbed of your wealth and titles, scorned by your husband, and derided by the world. My hour has come.' Lady Strathspey reeled back against the rocks half-fainting in her terrible fright; but a shrill cry, a child s cry, aroused her. She started for ward just in time to see the black -robed figure disappear round the cliff", bearing little Romulus in its arms. The boy was struggling to get free and his cap had fallen off, leavii.g his fair head bare. The poor mother never forgotthat sight. With one wild shriek of agony she darted a'ter them, but when- she turned round the base of the cliff they were nowhere to be seen. Wolf, the sheepdog, leaving his care of tho goats, started off in pursuit, keeping his nose to the ground and h tying deeply. But the scent seemed to baffle Mm. In the green valley beyond the clift there was notMng to be seen but the browsing goats and the peaciful May sunshine ; and the poor animal, conscious it seemed that Ms little playmate wa3 gone, ran back to the spot win re his cap lay, and crouching down beside it, howled mournfully. Lady Strathspey made her way hack to the cottage and told her terrible story. The ola man started out and summoned Ms in ighbors to help him. All night long, from the rising to the setting of the stars, they hunted, scouring tho valleys, climbing the bold cliffs, peering ir.to the rocky caverns, but little Romulus could not be found. 