The -New Year's Promises. £iiy -Cbari.es Maokay, LL.D.J '"This New Year'' came wi@a a hounding 'step, jovial, lusty, full of glee ^ "While the brazen rhymes pf the church "heSl chimes, Stiike asi eager crowd -esultingly, SHurried, along on the crisp cold air, ' Tp herald hts birth to tfhee and me. f: ,11. ; Se stood beside'-us fair and young, ®; laid his warm hand upon mine ; "Our hearth glowed bright with a cheerful light, And our cyps litmp with a keener-shine, J^.s we Raised a goblet brimming o'er, . And ^pledged him in the ripe red . wine. , . d know not df tlie-merry guests Ucard the words that I could hear ^ If on that <morn whenhe was "born "They held communion with the Year ; wBut this Ilknow, he spoke >to me Mn low .sweet Accents, silver clear :— IV. ; My -sm^' quoth lie, ' is dead and gone j He served thee ill or served thee well, ®ut only did as he was bid ; " Thou wert "the master of his spell ? He .took his character from thee— .Most willing and most tractable. ■' Such is my.proniiseweigh its worth ^ : If thou'lt he sad, I'll help thee sigh , •Jf-thou'wilt play thy life away, "What friend shall aid thee more than I ? TS'hate'er the color.of thy mind, ;T11 wear it for my livery. tihouTt be.busy, I will toil, And aid the work that thou hast plann'd ; If thou v/ilt quaff, or jest, or laugli, Mine hours ^liall \riiste at thy command ; ■If thouTt cn/ieavor to be wise, aid. thy sonl to understand. VII. ^ Do with me as thou wilt, good friend ; I'll bp .-thy slave in time to be, 'But when I pass—-wh&te;'er I was— 3jitm tlie master oyer thee. My father's ghost inspires my words ; "Take heed 1-r-iuake friends with Memory. To-morrow, and To-day I'm thine, But all iny Yesterdays mis-spent Shall live as foes to thy repose, And clog thy spirit'® free ascent; Pursue thee when thou kuow'st it not, And haunt thee to thy detriment." IX. "Tire New Year's face was calm and sad ; His .words still floated through my brain ; When' the guests around with joyous sound ' Gave hi"1 a welcome once again : * >May he be better than the last!' Wa6 aye the burden of their strain. i£i' ■■ Xj And the ■ New Year's face grew bright ;: as.ours ; Friends, kinSmen, •lovers, true and tried, \Ye fun'n'd the prayer that Heaven might spare .. Our hearts to bless him when he died ; And thus we usher'd the New Year in— And welcom'd him to our fireside. 