GKENEBAIT NEWS. l».'! til'li im ' i 't' i i ' t t-.t . itr ' r.t.-f1-' r < . " jConitECTiONY— In tTio'fve'i'tiiSeiiicuts of tho Gbgangp Divisional Dqardiiippparing in tUq- jArg Uf lof .yosterday, tlero i were sonie slight; printors orrors 16 /tlio'.figurosi ' whiclii aro 'cdr- rejited in to-day's issue. a An Un/leas'ant ' Duain.— Many coin- ilnta-nl'Q _hoinir_iiiadn.-nnnnf. 'of! ti drain "adjacent .tp- llio.; intersection of Dqnison and "William- Htrocta, and hopes are expressed ;thab . tlio /Munioipal /authorities will tako some action;in,tho'uiattor. jT Water Supply. . CoMMrrrEK.— The,. .Water St ppjy ' .Commttieo ;of RWfi,l|amptdn',' hityo decided ; not, ki'! yeeoiunipud ,tiie granting .of,, i permission .to, tho Fort Curtis .and LciOhkardt: -Districts.. Hospital, to: conneot the s'drvicu' pipo of that buiUling: diroctly1' With'" tlio1 ' ruservoir, . ' u.'- ijaiii: — ! , ' - I , Y. ! OtocKii ami-ion ' Co Uno iiii — An ordinary mcotiiig'dfi'tilis body was held in the Council Chambers yosE3Rln'aF£eriiodn ntfo,elo3t7 uiidcr tho prosidcliey ' of ; His-1 Worsliip tho 'Mayor, . A umbor of iiliiupqr|iyit ,inaf>ters, wqi-'i dealt with,, and tlie Counoil. ,rose pome' throo-quartors of au hour after the mooting Ijuid commenced. .. , ,, .... KockilAmpton ,;MunioipaL| Finance.— ;At. la general : mooting hold yestorday- afternoon1 of jtlta -Roclchu'niptbn Municipal iCbmieil,' tho finajicial,conditioii of, the byrpugh was con sidered, by which' it was ascortain'ed thud tlijaro .was a.balaupe. credit on all accounts of-, J102-lril28. 2d..l I-i-Ui V i - -J. .'. An AllioatOr' 'SoarmA i riiniour was' eurfeiit ' iii ' town ' yostorday that a/ largo,1 alligator was seen quietly busking' oil flic 'haukvof'. theiriver a Isliort'distivnco abb'Vo thfct Fltzroy Uridgo..','It' 'Wad idiytui'bod by at passing boat, plunged into tlio wator anil at piiqol disappeared.,. Up .to the present I the- ndws.iias.not .boon- eoniirmed. ;! : / ' I ' |Asi!ton's'CiflCuH.Tlii3 'popular pliieo of ailiuseniont was opened again 'lust' ovouiiig and tliero was, as on the provious day, a fair aljteudiihcd of the public. The ba'rebaetdii riding of Miss Maitd Asliton was particuiariy acceptable, and her mauy tricks gave, riso to ja i great amount of ' applause. ' Ario'tlfdr d'cfttiiro of tho programnio was an1 acrobatic interlude by-two tiny aboriginal boysr-Grent- sucooss also attended their efforts. A Suusiuknce. — His Worship the Mayor oft Rockliainpton states having yesterday paid a .visit to ,thq contracts uo,iv. botng pro-, ceodud with in, connection with tlio improve- uicnts to tho river bauk, it was ascertained tliat at tho town ond of tlio work and- just buiow tli'oi lower wharf; a 'subsiddneo' liAd1 talcon place, and; that soino 70 yards of stone had disappeared in tho soft oozy bottom on' wjiioh -it had' :'beo'n ' placed. Of course, l'uuiodial- measures will at once bo taken; ' ' 1 ' . Tub Fuulio, Batus.— iComniittoo. for Wator. Supply of tlio Rdekhainptou Council have given directions, to have rq-ordctod' and ' worked ; the, dngiiio and . pumps'; for- lufcrly usedj . for ; 'supplying . thO' i Fublio Baths with' - water,- ,froin , the river. ,Jt ., ia. assorted .' that,. i; by tljis inpaus,, a great saving will be effectod . in tho. .cour Buuiption of the town. water and, in the ovoiit of I a.faiiiu'd m.tk'e.iiuuunl. rains, „tka-oontin-. guney will be, in some uipasuro , provided against. A New Name. — It has been arranged that the railway station on the Emu Park line, now known as Cawarral, but which has been formerly known respectively as "The Half Way," "Dan Hawk's," "Swanson's" "Kenny's," &c.;, should be re-named, and accordingly, after conferring together, the railway and postal officials have decided that in future this place should be known as Tungamul. This is a native name. Atj'Emitkd Suicide.— At Mrs. Huddon's boarding- hduso in' Arclidr'-stroet, next door to Dr. Tlio'n's ' residence, about 7 o'clockiast" night, a mail named Wichltam/a tailor, made a determined attempt iit suicido 1>y' cutting his throat. ' Ho' ltad been drinking hoavily for some timo, and waB noticed during yes torday looking very wild;and oxoited. For tunately for Iiini his condition was soon made knoivu,taud Dr. Thon speedily .summoned. j The .wound (a rather dtvn'gerous one), was jscitcnea up, ana tno untortimato fellow put in position for removal to the hospital. Drs. Callagliau and Voss arrived sliortly .after Dr. .Thon. ' Presentation , to Mr. Foran. — Yes terday afternoon Mr. Foran was pre- sentud with a silver cru'ot stand by liis fellow emiiloycs at the . Post Office. Mr. -Foran hss been connected .with tlio Post Office for tho past 13 Or I'd years,' rind will shortly bo leaving for-Mavyhoi-ougli, whore lie will occupy a similar position as lie lias during- that time in -connection with :our in stitution. Mr. AVooleook, on behalf - of tlio employes mado tho presentation, and referred to the goodwill in which Mr. Foran. .was hold by all who hud come into contact with. him. Air. Foran suitably responded, aiid'tlioiikod -liis fellow employes for their expression of good feeling. Not'-'So Deadly 'After All.— A corre; spondent of, the Raihj News points out that examinations are ' not sp deadly .lifter all. " I Iiryo s'con," he says, " a Senior Wrangler drink threo bottles of sherry at 'a' 'sitting and smoke ton largo black cigars." - This shows undoubtedly,' that u long corn-so of 'examinations dpes not necessarily impair 'the stamina of tho '"'subject." Wo hover saw a Senior AVruugier do the feats men tioned iu thd Daily News, But wo have known a man who got four "firsts" to listen to a long speech by Mr. Conyhearo witli apparent, intbrbst, to'go" through'sevon" com io papers and Teulli without a qigp of. weariness, to play a gamo of billiards at a,, small country hoto) in Franco without so' lunch as saying " Dash it," and to sit out tlio' mntinbo of a .now historical pi a' in blank, verse -by a yoiuig lady dramatist with out showing tho slightest disposition tolenvo before the final' tableau. ' This proves that you may go through many examinations, and retain great muscular strunglh auden- duraiico at the close. A Fish. — Tlioro was a groat scavci of flsli in Rockhampton yostorday, aud urdports "tro true tho absence of tlio' Tuny tribu nitty'lic aceouutud for in a varioty Sf wgys.,T'1(,'-a!ivet' Uio present time is- perfectly Shit as far up as Yaamba, and as a eonscquenco huge sharks of all sizes liavo entirely- taken possession of tlio best fishing grounds. It would appear that so soon as bait is dropped into the water, no matter in- what locality, it is at once seized and voruoi- ouslv disposod of.-; "Nets, tooi in n'hopclcss manner, and tho hopes of tlio fishormon for good hauls rendered fruitless. f 96i!rti: AV6RKs ofI Art.— AVo luive . bobn called upon to insjledtj 'some1 vory beautiful urbrks of art in, thoeHtablisliuioiit.of Mr. W., Ii;. Varr and Co/, jpweilui's. .. These lire thoj 'iii'edale .iVon at.tlid late ,bpxi ng tburuument at- Mount Morgan, ii ropdrt 6fi whiclilappears in pur issue of yesterday. Tho medals aro tlirCO; in number, and.aro for light-weight, middle- )vbight, aud heavy-weight competitors- iro- siiectiVoly! V-Thoyi tako-tho form >of : n!. book- pago and boar ou tlio obvorso tlio name of tho ' winner, uvith the ivordsi" PrCaoiitod by Chasi Noedliam, Esq." On tho rovorse is the figuro tifdii' Atlilete in-sparing attitude.. Tho medals are surmpuntcd by a chased clasp with wliibli :to' 'A'ttacli itliom 'to the watch-- eliain. Tlioy aro liiost artistically oxoouted _ahd rblloet tho highest credit l upon this "bhtbrprib'ih iind bxbolloht'ttrihi ' ' jNE,iy. GiNEAr.NuqqFA-Si-jA.few yearBj ago! (says a Loudon correspondent of tlio Sydnoy ID'aily >Tctioraph) I contributed,' in -a liumblb' wliyy tb'give a small' inoosure' of jqurnallstic fomqi t6''a jtri T. C. ' Kerry,; wli6';had;tbon' .jiiafc rbturnod Worn ! Nqr.i .jitliiea.'' i'Viih a, pocketi fnll.pf .gold, nuggetand ' a ,'roiiiantiG| 'stbry of li'airlirqatliseapoBjIry field.nnd fiood and. cannibals, iiy tlip " dark islrtnd,". .Tho otilibr davT, renb:,?OfH.V ! acii'uain.taneb with Jfr.o'rry'iu.Ihclbu. , Hij stilj. stiekq.'tq his, ol)l story 'of ''Hie,,.i'gbid','pnd, . arid ,'poiritq.. triumphantly tq' the jrpsh (xi! Sudest Island as, jscjino' cb't'ifir'm'atibn.bf j ljis flioory ,tliat' Nqiy Guinea iu nii 'ux'tbnsivoly_auriferous'cbuntry, but . lpi). uiispipn , to England lips nothing to ,slo witl golil-htihtjiigji'yijq istrying'tqform 'a hugejCoIbmBakibn cqinpahy with, a .capital 'of ho less'',tiah'!jfivo ;.'miUipns, i.sfcerling. Pbeviou's explbyers In iow;(G,iiiii,6a fbiiud'. tlio 'gild 'only 'in "colour'' or" In. , grains', but 'Mr. Kerry piokod it up In nuggets. So in his colonisation sciieino iio talks in millions whdro otlicrs darod only lisjj in thousands. Ho tolls mo ho has put in an application for a -largo area of territory in British Now Guinea (-1 am'riotlat liberty) '.to mention/ the particular portion of tho island), and that if ! he succeeds in scouring the land bo aatici- Tates hPidiffioulty in launching a company to work it on/an extenBivo scale. But -ho has to got the laud first. .TirE1' Skatinci ' Sp aso/j.— -A liiccting of the'' shareholders in tlio Elite Skating Rink Co. was hold last) oyoning at' tho Council Cham- Lers. Mr.' M. Harris ocoupiod tho cliair. Ji'lio lmmitbsi'bf tho provious liiceting woiai toad and coilfirin'odl ' ' Mr. L;' Saber 'said tlio probable cost of erecting tlio building, to gether with skates; fiftnishing's, :&e.;, would aniount to about £2100. If the. capital was iiicroasod to £3500 tlioy would billy need to civil up about 15s. on ouch' share, Hind would -tlien havo £200 or £300 to work/with; i Tlio concrete lloor they, intended putting down would bo ono of the ifcins that meant greater oxpbnso 'than provi'biisly , nriticipiitod. .' Mr. tipstplloW. asked' if; with. the !'additioiial: tin- Miovomorits! .th'orn' '-would bd'sunioibut' tinio '» erect th'o buildiiig for tlie cbming Bkating sdasoii.,,,Tbb|qu'ostiph rwas answqrod .in 'tlio afliriiiativ'b, iind tlic'following inbhop, t'Ogardr .ing' wliicli tlie mooting' bad boon, ciillbd, iviis' 'carribd Ugaiiiiiiously :— "That in view of tlio cost of 'bbiistruetlbn exceeding ,tho original proposal, tlio oaxiital of tlio qonixiauy bo iii-' creased to £3500,' itrid the lialaueo of tho -shares placed in tlio hands ..of the "Ideal brokers." — Mr. Harris expressed an opinion tliiit lie would have , wished', to see a larger attendance of shareholders, but' doubtless .their absence denoted their ' acquiescence in tlio matter. " 1 .Copt oF'ELEc'uatc.LraHTiNci.-rA.pamiihlot oil tlie present cost of eloetric lighting, with a brief aecouut of inodorn dynamos, ineaudo- scont lamps, and transformers, is being dis- tribiitod by Messrs. Carey and Friclcor (says the Electrical Review) , with the view of dis pelling tlio provaleut impression tiiat electric . lighting is too exponsivo for goneral jiur- , pqsos, aud that it is still commercially and scientifically in an .imperfect and unsuitablo 1 stiito. ' Figures ' aro given showing that its cost, oven on a moderate scale; is less than gits; while in cases where tlio ' number of lights .required is largo, the balanco is largely iu favor of tlio now illuiniiiant. It is also shown 'that tlio dynamo Is now witihin 5 por cent, of tlio ultimate possible standard of eilieionoy, and that tbo nvorago life of an Incandescent lamp is now about 1500 hours, arid lis nearly perfect as can woll bo dbsirod,!. tlie conclusion arrived at being that cleotric! lighting, whotlior used 'on' a largo or com paratively small scale, is tho ohoapost; safest, arid 'iii evory way the most perfect system of- artificial illumination known; 1 \- A' Relic of . Old England.— A curious jrolic. qfi old-London is at-i)roscnt being im- pyovod: out of existence. , From PrimrOKo balcony, long ages ago, 01t\ Q. Knt n ga/.c who now pasHcs below ? 7 j |; asks Mr. Frederick Locker ; aud the balcony iii Piccadilly, ugly enough, it is : true, from . which in this century 'b hourly, yours tho -wicked wom-out Duko of Quocusberry — old Q." — leered at the passers-by from under his pnrasol, lias, just disappeared.. The- stops by which ho managed to totter down tho street level were removed not long aftor liis death; but it is only now tho porch, without stops, porohed upon two tall pillars liko a small coach-house, vanishes from; sight. Here 'ho \vould_sjtof an nftornoon, ' Ilia PrOOllK Jack Ibulks ri wilSHik? mnunbil in tlio street below, -ready to ride after and stop any friend that the Duke lind a mind to speak to. From this poroli he was hoisted out by a kind of inclined plauu, aud .lowered to his. divrk-fjroen vis-a-vis, with two long- tailed black horses. While tho porcli still ' romainod tlio ghost' of- that colossal roue, that " emaciated libel oil manhood," still soeuied to haunt Piccadilly, and to tako tho air that blows from tlio Green Park j but now it follows its master to tlio limbo of, oblivion, wliitlior "tho gay . Princo rind Poins " wont 'so many years ago.— St',' James' Gazelle. An Ancient Inheritance. — Lady AYil- loughby D'Erosby had been iu failing health for several years. She was a great terri torial magnato, having inhoritod tlio Aneastor estates (2G,000 acres) iu Lincolnshire, the Perth " country" in Perthshire (77,000 acres), aud a property of ill', 000 acres in North 'Wales. She was a most -liberal aiid con siderate " landlord," and was greatly beloved on lier estates. Lady Willorighby's charities of every kind 'were most liberal, atid slio took an, aetivo interest in ovoiy good work that was brought under liar notice. She will livo long in the affeotibmvto remcinbranco of hpr. frionds, t-onants, anil noighbors. Lady Wiiloiighby, whoso mother was li Ires yrandc ilani'c,' ' arid an intimate friend and ally of Lady Cowper (Palmerstbn),' Lady Jersey, anil Prin'eb.88 Liovon,'in the great days of London soeioty, was borself a prominent figure in the best company, wliero sho was .kuown us Lady Hhatlieote, and' nftorwrirds as Lady ' Avolnrid.' ! " She succeeded ' to hor own title on 1 tlio death of hor brother, who had tho misfortune to bo castigated by tho late Mr. Grerivillq Murray in tho " Qnoon's Messenger" as "Ohilpnric Loos-Fysshc, Lord Scampoalloris." Lady Willoughby's estates pass to lier only son. Lord Avoland, who now becomes tivonty-lirst. Baron Wil- loughliy d'Erosby, and lie will, of course, assume that ancient title. Early d&si;'N/XrisqqtATiJlN. A mooting jpf thorijjofq was hoidi in the European Hotel lilsl: oVhiiitig. Tliorb-lwaB riilarge attendance ' of ;morill)ors, Mr. T.tM.' Martin oeoupying the qhriirUi Afjtpr thqmin'ntoft of tho last mooting had btfcii confiriiiod, . a- letter was road from Mr. T. Woods, vioo-oh'riirman, intimalywg hnfs - resignation of his position, whiymjras nccoptod with regret. Mr. Phillips' yf J; ; Stewart' | and Co.;); was /elected to" 'the ' 'vacant plaoo by a liirgo majority ovor tho four otlicrs who were put up along with'' hirii.'' The 'newly elected Vieo- Clinirmnu, thon took tlio qluiir, and tho hiisin'oss' 'proiicbllbd:' Mr. Vyac'nioyOd that' 1 ",tho ' A'ssoMiitioh 'hhdrild compensate ''Mr. Faco for tho damage done to his jjloss on Saturday last!" ' It wail f urthor moved as an > amendment " that this- resolution' should bo . . ! loft for.cqnsidoration .until; next .Mooting ",v-. , A furtlior .liihendiiiontwiis iriti'o3uood." thnt 'Mr- Faco' bo udi co.uifloUsatod for the dnmnga , 'dyne', as tho 'Early dlbsingAssociatioildonol consider themsolvcs to blame in the matter." ' .The socond amondincnt was carried by a 'Majority.- '-'Mri Neill.-of tho Seamen's Union ' tiion add res led tho mooting, reporting tlio . 'rbsult of 'tho do'putiition to Mr. Fiico on . Yednosday morning. Expressions of opinion wore taken'from the employes in the various , rv , jilaoos.pf businosB, us, to tho feeling of their 'eriiploy era. regarding closing noxt Saturday. , B Tlio answer in ovory cuso was that they 1 had ' deoidqcl tri' stand! to tho iigroement to eloso. \- Tho mooting then adjournod to rosumo con sideration of the Inattbrriext Monday ovun- ing. iTiie L'Aw' CounTH. —There wa3 no Police ' C'tmrt businoss yesterday morning. Messrs. iGs L. Lulcin, P.M., anil F. Morgan, J.-P;, - . prcsidod at tlio Petty Dobts Court, and the bhsinoss "transacted was - as follows :— H. ,, Coomber v. E. Maoareo, work, £4-. The monoy was paid into court, and a verdict wub given for : thnt amount, togothor with 20s. costs. A. XUiUUlOUU ,V« Ui XU1IIUD) HlUUOjri aS>U lilOi lid. Vordiot for plaintiff by consent: ' Tucker and Nankivoll v. A. Dolandoll's,,£4.. Mr. Lukin stated tlio dofcudnnt in this action called in at his office that morning. Ho was ; in a vory bad state, and said ho'liad just got- up from bed sufforing with fevor. ' ' Tlie man was not 'fit to walk up tho ( stairs. The- . plaintiff agreed to have the case adjourned for one weok. In the case of Tucker and '/Nankivoll v. Beaumont, Mr. Lukin "said the defendant's wifo. called to see him yestorday and slio ploadod very hard times, Ac., ub an excuse for her not paying tlio money. . He,-! liowevor, arranged that she should pay £3 cash and allow a verdict to go against her, ' ,and to pay £2 a montli until the olniin was satisfied. Tho plaintiff ; expressed hiuiBelf satisfied with tliis'iirrangomcnt and the next case was called '.on— Mr. A. Nu'nnv. G.S. Curtis, work, £7 10s. 'A verdict 'was given tlio plaintiff for. £5'' lOri., 'tlio amount, paid into Court, and Cs ( oosts.' Ml Esbcnsen V. . . LI. Edwards, inoiioyi £16. ' Mr. Jqmos ap pearing for ' the dcfondiint ' requested, an adjournriiout' frir a fortnight as his oliont lived ;:nt Rosewood"' arid was unable to get''!" iuto ' town in timo to "appear at thc'Court. The a'djourhmont was granted, tho defon- dant paying £2 2:gsts" ' ' 