football. Port Melbourne v. N.S.W. Association Team. Tho Ports are now in the colony on a visit for pleasure and conquest. Hitherto they have played four matches, which re sulted in four victories, viz. : — West Mait- land, won by 5 goals to 4 ; Newcastle, 7 to 3 ; Wallseird,3 to 1 ; Waratah (Sydney), 11 to ml. With such a record, it was only natural to suppose that the combined metropolitan players would go under. We are sorry to state that the attendance was miserably small. At theopening of tliegamo it was under 100. Tho visitors stripped far better than the homo team, and in the usual preliminary kicking they showed a marked superiority. The teams were as follows : — Port Melbourne Team : Headon, M'Kay, Collings, Morton, Bourke, Graham, Vine, Strachan, Taylor, Sutherland, Maxwell, Tallent, Ward, Bogle, Hunt, Hanneysee, Muir, Coleman, Sharp, Poat. New South Wales Team : Hedger, Scott, Hume, Sullivan, Butler. Frank RounBeville, Booth, Wilson, Neato, Brunton, Byrne, Glen- nister, Abbott, Lawrence, Tierney, Crisp, Eminett, M'Namara, Bruce, Kelly. Hanneysee captained the Ports, and Scott tho locals. Berkley discharged the duties of central umpire. Scott won the toss, and Hanneysee kicked off towards the northern goal. Soon after tho start Scott relieved his side by a grand run. Some very good play by Scott was counteracted by the want of form on the local side. Brunton marked in tho centre, but he failed to mark it nearer the goal. Sullivan to Butler, and Butler to Hume gavo the last-named' a free in front of the goal, hut only a behind resulted. So far the play had been in Sydney's favor. Brunton got a mark from Scott in the centre, and sent the ball right back to Macnamara , playing goal sneak, and so resulted Sydney's first goal. Score : Sydney, 1 goal 1 behind to nil. After this the scene of the hostilities changed to the Syd ney's end, where Hedger muffed badly, and Muir kicked tho ball through on the hop, scoring the Ports' first goal. Graham got a mark in front of the New South Wales goal from Muir, but only scored a behind. Scores : 1 goal 1 behind each. Scott, Ronn- seville, and Brunton certainly played the best game amongst our boys. At quarter- time the scores stood: Sydney, 1 goal 2 bohinds ; Ports, 1 goal 1 behind. Two minutes after the resumption Maxwell, by a beautiful long kick from tho wing, scored a behind, and soon after Graham marked deep out ill the centre and went for goal, but the ball foil short. From this Hanneysee got a mark a few feet in front of the Sydney's goal and justfootedtlieball through. Reeklessplay was shown by both Bides, and several sure goals could have been added to tho Ports, and one at least to the homo team. Han neysee showed by far the best form amongst the visitors. Taylor dropped into the ruck in the centre, and Hungerford marked, but another behind resulted. Burke got a mark just at half time, and took a long distanced pluco, but the Sydneys' back marked it out, and a behind resulted. The score at half time stood: Ports, 2 goals 6 behindsj Syd neys, 1 goal 4 beliinds. After the kick off, Turner got the ball and sent it in to Coleman, who marked, and took a place for goal, but a behind was the only outcome, for some minutes the ball was not freed from tho ruck until the Ports rushed it through, and Coleman got another mark fair in front of tho Sydney goal, hut ho punted high, and a behind was the only good done. Beliinds now were the order ot tho day. When once the Ports got the steam up the locals were nowhere, for on tlieir reckless kicking they gave their opponents more marks than their own men. Hanneyssee gota mark from Muir within a few yards of the Sydneys goal and potted the Ports third goal. This stirred tho locals up a bit, for soon after Hume passed the ball on towards IColly, who got it from tho ruck and dropped the home teams second goal jnst at three-quarter time. This brought scores : Ports, 3 goals 11 bchinds ; Syd- ney,s 2 goals 4 beliinds. The usual short spell having passed, the Ports went away again, and Graham got a mark from Coleman in the midst of the ruck, and scored tho Ports fourth gaol, Graham soon after got a mark right up against the Sydneys goal, and punted tho ball on to Taylor who kicked a trickey goal. Score : Ports, 5 goals, 12 bohinds to 2 goals 4 beliinds. Graham marked from Hunt within a few yards of the homo team's posts, and scored the Port's sixth goal. No further score being recorded, tho Ports won by 0 goals 12 beliinds to 2 goals 4 bchinds. A largo crowd rolled up oil tho Agricul tural Grounds on Satnrday afternoon to witness the two big Rugby matches that took place. Albeit it was a one-Bided affair, tho University-Wallaroo matoh was full of interest and was keenly watched through out, whilo the desperate strugglo for supremacy betweon tho Zealanaius and Doublo Bays was in itself well worth tho entrance money. University v. Wallaroo. Tho respective teams wore : — Univorsity : Hungerford, Colquhoun, Flynn, Hutton, M'l'aggart, Veoeh, Molonoy, Neill, Shaw, F. Belbridgo, W. Bolbridgo, Nowoll, M'ln- tosh, G. Barbour, and Henderson ; Wal laroo, Taaro (Maori), Cameron (3), Hunger ford, Chapman, Parish, Bayliss, Raud, Tynan, Graham, Woolnough, Weston, Payne, and Everett. Tho toss was won by tho scholars, who elected to play towards the western goal. Hungerford, for Wal laroo, set the ball in motion by a good kick, /mm which an onncnent got- charge, and ran to half-way, whore the boll being dawned a scrum was formed. When the play gob a bit more open, Newell woe observed doing a dangerous-looking run, but when close to the line he was hauled down. Give-and-take play for a few brief moments, and then Shaw obtained a free kick, and placed for Flynn. No result ; but this mattered little, as M'Intosb, when tho play was being enacted near tho goal line, broke through and scored first try. From this Flynn kicked an admirable goal. Score : University, 5 points ; Wallaroo, nil. Placed in the middle of the field and kicked off, the ball was sent into the 'Varsity territory, where play continued for a minute or more until W. Bolbridgeand G. Barbour, by a business-like dribble, again took it down to the land of tho Wallaroos, who were again forced on the defensive. Hutton then nude on effort to run through, but was laid hold of. He kicked near a Wallaroo, who booted it back, into the centre of the forwards. Neill hero showed good form, likewise Cameron on the opposite side. who. however, coubl not da much against the big odds. Flynn took a mark on a kick from Cameron, but did not send tho ball over. There was some warm work near the Wallaroo's southern corner, whore the umpire, Mr. P. Allen, was acci dentally bumped into by tho aggressive Universities while they were making a desperate effort for second try, and, much to the amusement of a good portion of the spectators, was rolled Over on the grass. Hungerford, whose play was capital throughout the game, came to the rescue of , Wallaroo, and headed a grand dribble up to between the half-way Hags. Parish next essayed a run, bat after having fended off Colquhoun, Bolbridgo laid hold of him and he got no further. Play was brought down to Wallaroo northern comer, where Taare, being on guard, had his hands full of work. The Maori, when occasion arose, invuriably secured Hutton ; but with Flynn the 'cose was somewhat different, and that player more than once baffled him outright. Fine passing by Alma Mater bore fruit, and Neill ran round and placed second touch. Flynn again was successful in his attempt for goal. Score ; University, 10 , Wal laroo, nil. It must not be supposed that the Universities had things so mucli their own way that they could afford to tritlewith thoir opponents, for the Wallaroos embraced every opportunity they received for doing damage, and the Universities from start to finish played as hard as they could and spared no efforts to pile on point after point. In hostile territory Raud nimbly got through his opponents with the oval under his arm, bnt was finally caught and the ball downed. Wallaroo at this stage lookod like wiping out a portion of the deficit, and were coming close to the line when M'l'aggart dropped 'the inflated into touch. A pot from the field for goal on the part of Wallaroo soon after wards was unsuccessful, and, as tho play continuod, there was no mistaking that the Wallaroos were' hard at it, und the scholars' position became perilous. Next Tatilre tried of what avail a run would be; hut he had not proceeded many yards before he fell into the clutches of tho enemy. Science, however, again triumphed, and once more the Wallaroos had all to stand like hounds in tho leash watching their opponents placing for goal. A touch obtained by P. Colquhoun entitlod them to this, and was chiefly tho outcome of his side's good passing. Hutton, Newell, M'Taggart, Colquhoun, Barbour, and Flynn a minute or two previous had shown some magnificent passing, which was instru mental in shifting the play from one end of tho ground to the. other. While in the vicinity of the Wailaroo goal-posts Shaw ran a fow steps and sent the leather along to Colquhoun. who, being fleet, experienced littlo or no difficulty in scoring tho third try. This time the shot for goal was not perfectly straight, and no more points were added. Scol-e : University, 13 points, Wallaroo, nil. Sent from the Wallaroo 25yd. mark, the play became as fast and lively as ever, and Hutton by no means robbed the game of interest by spilling his men in a wholesale fashion. In their hurry to score, the Universities made many mistakes and very often came into sharp contact with tho laws of the game. Passing from Flynn to Col quhoun, and then to Sliaw, who belied not his reputation by passing to Colquhoun when the latter was palpably off-side. The umpire's whistle blew furiously as the last- named struck out vigorously for the goal line, which he certainly could havo reached had lie not stopped in obedience to the whistle and put tho ball down to the worried in a scrum by the forwards. In the scrum the Wallaroo lacls acquitted themselves famously, and after going through thoir men, they remained for a tune near the line, and made a mighty though futile effort to score. Camoron kicked over the line, but tho Universities did not force. They brought it into the field, and Rand made a fair run but an execrably bad pass. W. Bolbridgo next gained possession of the leather, and ran at a strong pace to near the Wallaroo goal-lino, where lie was nailed. Veeoh had a free kick ut goal, but no damage was done. Hutton then bolted for tho line, hut Taare went low at his boot and pulled him down. F. Belbridge made an unsuccessful attempt for goal, and Col quhoun did some splendid dodgy runs. Passing from Belbridge, and noxt to Newell, he had Wallaroos in trouble, hut Parish proved himself equal to tho occasion and stopped tho last-named from running in. Parish also made a useful kick when the Universities were pressing on the right wing. Hutton next, in the loft wing, tried to get through, and was badly missed by Taare. Somebody else, however, stopped hiin, but still things eontinued to look had for Wallaroo. Flynn again sliono forth brilliantly, and with a neat drop sont the ball fairly between the poles and over the bar. Tho attempt was made within easy range, and ho received the ball from a pass. Score : Univorsity, 17 points ; Wallaroo, nil. Needless to state bv this time the WallarooB were completely " done up," and showed unmistakable signs of tho tax made upon their energies. Just before half-time Malonoy ran in and secured fourth try, from which that admirable all-round kicker and player, P. Flynn, again netted a goal. At half time the score stood: — University 22 points, Wallaroo nil. On resumption the University occupied not many minutes in getting their fifth try, and the game was from this out simply a walk over. Hutton and Colquhoun got through creditable work at the start, and soon after the kick off the play was all near the line. Colquhoun made a dash through, hut when caught passed, and the ball was Tost. A Wallaroo representative thonstartedfortheUniversitygoalbutHutton bore down upon tho offender and arrested his flight. Soon Neill picked up the oval, but Taare grassod him before ho reached the lino. A try Boon came, however, and Flynn faithfully discharged the duty imposed upon him by sending tho ball over tho bar. Score: University, 27 points ; Wallaroo, nil. Tho nil was large and healthy and it was oasily seen that Wallaroo hadn't tho ghost of a chance of fixing something more substantial in its place. lCiokcd again from the centre a great rush of Wullaroo forwards liad Alma Mater in danger, and Hutton barely saved by a good kick into touch. Upon a Wallaroo being flattened out, a pause in tho game was made for a moment. Tho damaged warrior was placed on his legs in a brace of shakes, and both sides bravely returned to tho attack. Neill emerged from a scrum near the Wallaroo goal-line with the ball before him, and finding a cloar space in front he ran and passed to Colquhoun, who went into the forwards, and was of a cer tainty caught. Ho also passed, and F. Bol bridgo, gainingcharge, got atouch. Colquhoun mado an attempt for goal, but failed, bcore : Univorsity, 30 points ; Wallaroo, nil. Tho next try waB obtained by Neill in rather a peouliar manner. He first dribbled the ball out of a scrum, formed near his opponents-, line, uud picked up. Ho hud a clear l-uii before him, but somehow or other didn't notice it. He, therefore, turned round for somcono to pass it to, but ohsorving none of hi3 side closo enough nothing remained for liim but to run or kick. Ho wisely did t'-e formor. and got over the lino without opposition. Flynn again aimed successfully at' goal. Score: University, 35 points; Wallaroo, nil. The Wallaroos kiclced off again from the centre of the ground, and followed well on to the ball. E. Cameron went within an ; ace of erasing the nil for evermore. But lie was unable to do tho deed, and Wallaroos thus missed about .the .easiest chance tlioy had. University discussed matters again up at tho Waflaroo end, where Veech came through with a good run, ; and secured another try. The attempt for goal was entrusted to Flynn, with the result that two points were added, making the score University, 40 points ; Wallaroo, nil. The ball was taken and placed in the centre, and after the kick-off it soon west into touch. There was then a lino out, and . W. Belbridge, when the leather was thrown in,- was guilty of hand ball ; there fore a. scrum was formed ' ou the spot where the breach of the rules occurred. While the ball was in . Wallaroo ter ritory, Colquhoun ran and passed to Shaw, who made a bad shot for goal. Passing from Flynn to Colquhoun, and again from Flynn to Hutton, swelled the score to a still greater extent, a» the last- named at a splendid pace ran clean through the exhausted Wallaroos and placed it fairly behind. Flynn tried for goal, and brought the score up to 45 points. Hutton soon afterwards repeated his performance, and fixed up three moro points. This time tho attempt for goal failed. The Wallaroos sent the leather out from tho 25yd'. mark, but Colquhoun ran it back. Flynn, by a strong kick scut it nearer the citadel, where a Wallaroo representative took charge and ran into tho loving arms of G. Barbour, who promptly grassed bim. Soon Veech scored another try, off which Hutton failed to kick a goal. Score : University, 51 points ; Wallaroo, nil. Bayliss, for Wallaroo, showed real good forward play, but was badly supported by his side. Tho University forwards brought the leather closo to the goal- line, where Neill took charge and crossed. Time, for tunately for Wallaroo, was soon called, and the scholars left the field tho victors by 54 points to nil, truly an awful " drubbing" for one senior team to sustain at the hands of another. Comment on tho match would bo useless, as, figuratively speaking, the brilliant game the 'Varsities played almost paralysed the Wallaroos. When tho match was all over a far seeing individual loudly remarked to his friend that the Wallaroos were beaten becaiiso " they had their tails down," upon which somebody in the crowd caused a loud guffaw to go round by asking what sort of a thing a Wallaroo was when he had his tail up! Doable Bay v. Zoalandia. This match was evenly contested all through, and it was a matter of no small difficulty to tell, even a few minutes before time was called, which side would be victo rious. Tho team for Double Bay com prised : — Bettington, bock ; Davis, Cooper, and Street, halves ; Foster and Doyle, quar ters ; Eveston, Sheldon, Brownlow, Tierney, Lucy, Lillcy, Slater, Jonc3, and Jay, for wards. W hile Zoalandia was represented by : Lewis, Winks, Whiteside, Levien, Moroney, Gray, Honeyfield, Mills, Manlow, Cock- roft, Fleok, Wiremu, Nidd, White, and Forgie. Double Bay lost the toss, and kicked off from tho eastern goal. From tho kick-off the ball went into Zeulandia terri tory, and there tho Double Bays began operations. Winks made a good run towards the Double Bay end and came foul of Street, and a scrum was formed. The game was at this particular time fast and warm, and also very even, as indeed was the case right through. From half-way Foster dribbled well towards the citidcl the Zealandias were defending, tho ball finally going into touch. 'Thrown in, and after a whilo Street cut through tho Zealandias in Carrington style, but was caught ere ho reached the goal. Scrimmage upon scrim mage then occurred with great frequency quite close to the Zealandia goal line, and the Now Zealandors had to bo wary. In response to calls of "have a shot, Jo," ono of tho attacking side drop-kicked for goal, but tho ball never got there. Bettington soon got a mark and placed for somebody, but Mills charged the ball and stopped it before it had gone a few yards. This attempt was within ea3y distance of tho Zealandia goal, but it would bo hard to say whether any damage would have been done had not Mills intercepted it. Zealandia then rallied and forced matters a little, gradually compelling their opponents to stand on tho defensive. White and Cooper respectively showed good play, and eacli mado their presence felt on moro than one occasion. Behind the Double Bays 25yd. flags Mills secured a mark and placed for Honeyfield. The angle was a difficult one to kick from, and no gaol ensued. One thing did happen, however. It was that as some of the Zealandias had gone off the mark before the kick had taken place, and thereby rendered themselves offside. Tho umpire (Mr. M. Arnold) called them back, and threw the ball in to be scrummaged at tho place where the kick was mado from. The Zealandias, as in most of the numerous nerummaees that occurred, came throuch their opponents with a combined rush, but, strange to say, fell all to pieces just when they shouldn't have, and let a splendid opportunity slip by of executing a dribble with only the back players to contond with. Their want of organisation in this respect was very glaring, and to a great extent militates against them. Things, however, grew too hot for Double Bay, and a forco was registered against them. The kick-out was returned, and the struggle once moro was confined within the boundaries , of Double Bay. The Bays made desperate efforts to come through, and were at length suc cessful. 1'hoy crossed over to the opposite end of the field, and the forwards were all doing a dangerous- looking dribble when Lewis picked up tho leather, and by a strong punt Bent it out of bounds. Thrown in, the oval was brought by the Zealandia forwards down near the goal lino of the enemy, where Nidd mado a grand attempt to get over, but succumbed within a yard of the lino. A scrum took place almost against the lino, and tho Zealandia boys came through with tho force of rush ing wators. The hall was kicked bo- hind, and Street just prevented Whitesido from getting a touch by forcing. No relief for Double Bay accompanied tho kick out till some time elapBed, as tho Zealandias vigorously roturnod to the attack and tried to break through on the right wing. Doublo Bay held their own this tune, and Doylo ran with the ball over into the country of the Maoris, whore, after some BcrimniagiDg play near tho goal line, tho ball crossed, and a maul followed. This ended iu the leather bomgforcedbyZeakvndia and kicked outfrom tho 25yd. mark. Winks soon did a useful spuit, anil Maroney obtained a free for Zoa- landias. Bettington responded by a capital piece of play, and Honeyfield had to kick into tho field to prevent the Double for wards from going in. Davis, for Doublo Bays, ran through the Zealandias in taking style, and his run was wound up closo to tho line. Here packed scrimmage after packed scrhnmago occurred, tho attacking party playing to advantage. Jones at length picked up the ball, and, having laid Winks out, secured first try. No goal was kicked, the score being : Double Bay, 3 points ; Zealandia, nil. Half-time was immediately' afterwards called, and both teams took a much-required rest. Being set in motion again Zealandia brought tho leather into hostile territory with the assist ance of a splondid dribble l>y Whiteside. Whiteside next ran, and passed to Moroney, who failed to catch, and missed a good chance. Levien, from amidat the attacking forwards, got a pass from Maroney, and kicked a splendid left-foot goal. Scoro : Zealandia, 4 points ; Doublo Bay, 3. After the kick-off tho Double BayB mado somn terrible onslaughts, and Honoyfiold and Whitesido had a largo amount of collaring to do. Tho former rolls his men over with tho force of a steam engine, but now and again misscB his mark and goes an awful cropper himself. The reBult of the attacks by the Double Bays-was that Zealandia, to avoid anything serious, had to force. Amongst those who wcro working liko Troians might bo mentioned tl,n names of Davis, Bettington, Honeyfield, Foster, Lewis, Street, Whiteside, and Doyle. Zealandias booted out from the 25yd. mark, and Double Bay forwards brought ft back, and once again tho Zealandias were in a state of Beige. The play of the latter team then waxed very vigorous and forcible, and with a simply irresistable rush they swept past the forward barrier, and calamity was only averted by the ball going into touch. Zealandias, after tho throw in, re doubled their exertions, and such was the vigor of their attack that Double Bay was compelled to force three times in rapid succession. With out a mistake tho Maoris played a magni ficent forward game. When the last force hod been made by Double Bay, and the kick-out hail taken place, Manlow dis tinguished himself by a useful dribble which brought his side within punting range of the Boy's goal posts. Levien again proved his worth and kicked his second goal from tho field, the score being — Zealandia, 8 points; Double Bay, nil. The indomitable Bays were not yet used up, and for a few moments they operated within shooting distance of tho Zealandia goal. Another irresistible rush by the Zealandia forwards, and once again Double Bay had to go lo the wall and force. Time very shortly put an ond to what was voted by all who watched it to be a magni ficent contest. Tho Zealandias to a man played splendid football, and they evi denced great improvement upon tho previous Satucday's work. The defence employed by the Double Bay was very efficient, and their splendid collaring abilities saved them on more than a few occasions. 