movciist . ; Tbe Midoigbt Prophecy : oi: 'thb- 1 HB1R OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. J&mma; Gavrtsoii Jones. : ; OHAPTER LXVII. \ ! " -'i SviMi SAVK VOU." \- : "I climbed tbc Rory vullaro'. nest.' J . .And found tho trembling dovo within." ' :The.yolco of MotliorOwynnotli nroused : ' hor. from a dcop bIoop, tho alocn of utter . exhaustion.' Sho alar tod up with n thrill of terror. Tho aun was ahiniug iu nb tlio , window, and tho old woman was placing ; tho tray containing her brcakfnat on. the tablo. \- " Yo slumbor lato, my ln-aio,". alio rc- ' marked, ns Maggie sprang up, al! dressed as aho lind thrown hcrsolf 4UWI> . " y must a kcop bad hours laab night ; aoo " — : X pointed to tho omnty candlostiok— " yor : . . cimdloa-burnt out. ' X liko to burn my light oil nighb in ... ' thia .ghostly placo," .ropiied Maggie, ; , quietly, hut thrilling, with terror lost tho dust on her clotho3 or somo disarrango- '; mont about tho roojn should betray hor j "andlgotto rummaging among tho dusty old books, too, to pass away tho time—' 1\. -tiB lawfully dull abut up in this way, my ". good woman.1' ; 11 \V00l, weol,," rospondod' tho old 'woman, hor ' oy'os gloaming .wlolcedly, '"t 'twas yor pmv'ntubborn will ua bruugyo . : liord ; wliy diitna' yo marry tho young ldird at onco «' Bocauoo X was foolish, X dnro say," . '. said Maggio, obeying a Buddon dotorinin- 11 1 ion to prjitend sho was being conquorcd ; .'in'ordor to- ward off suspicion! "but v . Lord -Angus should havo boon pntiont and not whisked mo off and shut mo lip liko n jirisonor. X can't forgirq him." " Yoa, yd can," coaxed Mothor'Gwyn- noth.' " AVhy ho dono it nil fur lore of 'yo>; and ho';bo a brow young laird, as any " lassio nced bo proud to win. Yell for-. gio him nnAmoot him wi1 n kiss wlieii ho .gets baok from Lunnon, won't ye nowj"-: ! Maggiojtpsaod hor head with a oliarm- ing coqvue\tish air. Wli/JI.'doea he como !" olio nskod. i; . , Tp-lnprrow! mobbe j. ho thought to.be \- . v ijono oji'ivook, but Borkit oamo lust night r'ah' oaya ftoTl.bo back aooncr — so yo may . bo loo.kiiV yor puttiest. Coom,.horo's yor : ' lircakfagt all hot now ; ait yo down an' v' : ' ! a-, an' ijoii't frot any moro j X shall be V- j-busy tpmay.'siuoo tho young laird cooms : to-mqrroW." i; Sholoittliorooai, looking lit aftor hor, . . . and Maggie heard hor go ahuflling down . . tho groatj atiiirivay with tho blood-liound , whiiiing « t liorhoola. Ilo followod tho old '.' loroathro i/liorovci- alio wont. . .' To- mo/bw I Lord Angua coming bnok to-morrow l . Oh, what should sho do ? . : IIow ahojild alio esc'apo 1 Sjio eat for n long timo in doop ' thought/ Thoro. soomod to bo no hope, V.\ uiM ishpIoamb to" hor dooision .in oilont balmnbsff. : If! tho worst camo sho would V slip |tUr|4gH; tho nporturo, replaoo tho , otiding : ftf'nol,' and lio down in tho awful ; . . gloom; 's$iowlioro bolow and die. Tlioy would npvor 'find hor for it was ovidont ; tlioy Iknpw, nothing of tho Bccrot pas- sago.: -j;. . . J ' ' Bu,if would bb a dreadful otid to life v llliil" linf. />lil fj'iKlint- ntntii-m'nn rmns /. 'loaa. ; :. V ., Arid ' tlib Eirl of Strathspoy I At thoiiglit'qf ..jiiin sho started up. Thoro- . ? luombrancel of his whito faco and hungry oyos thrillod hor with now hope. Sho >.b'crpB80d:dvoivto,tho tablo. Tho breakfast J: 'wab yoiy toriiptiug and oho was weak and hungry. SM nto ""o oakc, ii littlo bit of tho broiled bacon, and swallowed a iuout.li- . ful of toa ; the remainder who rosorved for ' -d tho poor sutforor bolow. But daro olio attempt to mrkb tho doscout by daylight ! ; What if soma ono should enter hor room nnd lind tho panel opori, tho secret atair- . . way rovoalod I. But elm could not boar to let tlio curl .famish Ihrouglioiit tlio long, long day. '' Sho roaolvbd to pisk it. Taking tho food in lior apron as boforo r ' she. romovod tho panol and hurried . down... y ; Whou alio roaolif d tlio vault sho was -r broathlos's.: Tlio pour, roolining an his A;' bod of stone, hoard hiir coming and arose to moot hor, his whifo faco eager and ; smiling. It had seomrd mi otornity uinco £ oho loft him. j',- Sho spread hor breakfast before hiin ' nnd invited liim to partako of it. '.'But, my littlo frioitd," , ho said, gravoly, his oyo3 turning witlnyistful long- ing. toward tlio food, in spite bf ..his will, "I bannot prolong niy lifo at lho,pn8t of yours— you bring mo your foiul while you aro starving 1" \ ."-Oh, hi, ".alio' cried. " No, iiidocd; I IiavQ o.lton nomo, and 1 shall havo moro at noon— plcaHo oat it, nud Iry to got your ptrongtli j yori , will nood it all, . And X must leavo you figain this moment. ,1 will como nguih; iii+!10 meantimn, remain quiet, and do; not do'pair. Tlio darkest hour iajiisthoforb- "1" dawn. . She lltd away ua b'10 I,?<' com.0' wlt'' noisoless. stops, .bp.'tlio spiral stairs, and baok to hor' prison. . - . . - Tho rnbriimS wore away. Noon camo, and a hot ,'fjbptombor aun bluzcd down upon tho hi'bry haltlomoiits; llio long, long nftornonn,;tho cool gray twilight, nnd at laat. atlp-t tho silont night. ' Mnap'o tlirow-'naido tho. old volume alio had befin trying in vain -o read, and wont to the' window with a sigh bf relief. . Thn day had scorned so ondlcss, and sho lind - longed for tho night with a vague hopo. : A groundless hope, nlns, for thoro Was not tho most romoto possibility of bspnpo. Yot sho longed with fovoriBh im- patienso for tho darknoss, and welcomed fc now , nnd watchod tlio groat wliito stars, flashing out in tho far-off sky, with tcar- diinmcd oyes. Her koopor camo up with hor supper and a 'littlo moraol of candlo that would not last through hnlf tho night. " I won't havo yo watching tho night through, an' makin' a ghost o' yorscl," alio said ; " go to bed liko n audo lnssio : yor braw young Bwcothoart will bo hero to-morrow." . Maggio shuddorod and eat down by tho casbmont, that foolish, vaguo hopo still tormenting hor. Sho rcsorvod hcrsuppor for tlio orirl, intending to tako it down to l)iin by nnd by. Slowly tho hours wont by, and slio sat- thoro counting hor own heart- boats. Sho could hoar tlio fir trees moaning in tho Soplcmbor winds, nnd tho aca boating on the sands bolow, nnd at last, aftor woary, weary waiting, sho hcord that for which slip lmd hoped with suoh fovnriah unrest. Tlio swcot flute-notes set lo tho music of the dear old song, " Tho Camp- bolls aro coining." Assured now that it was intended as a signal to horsolf, sho arose, in a tremor of oxcitemont, aud lit hor bit of candle. Then bIio iniido hor way out, and started np tho dizzy stains again. Iuipationco winged hor foot, and sho mado tho long nud tirosomo nscont vory Bpocdily. ' A a'out wind was blowing when sho reached tlio towor-chnmbor, nnd sho hurried liar candlo inton sholtorcd cornor lest it should bo blown out. Thon sho toro a atrip from hor apron, and twisting it into n wisp, lit it at tho blaze, ana hastening to tlio window throw it out as before. Tlio wind caught it and whirled it away, liko a limning pennon iu tho dark ness, and swift us thought, from bolow, camo tho dulcot numbora of " Highland Mary." Maggio know that sho was answered. A delicious thrill Btirrod hor henrt, and a bright bloom suffusod hor waxon cheeks as ho gazed down tho dizzy distanco. Sho could sco a man's figure crossing tho barron heath below, and raisirig.an arm, ovor and anon, with a warning gosturo. Sho watchod tho dark, tall figure with fascinated oyos. It noproachod tho baso of tlio ruins with rapid stops,- and thon Bhc last sight of it. Still sho did not ro- movo hor fascinated gnzo, but continued to loan ovor tlio stouo sill, hor oyos strained down into tho shadowy depths bolow, Tori minutes passed in dood silenco I Thon, all at onco, n strain of oxquisilo niolody broko on hor oar. And,: wonder of wondors, it camo, not from tlio heath below, but from somo near point. Her heart throbbod with painful rapidity, and she drow baok half in torrnr. Ton minutes more I Tho great owl, stamen irom ms roosc in tno ivy, now oav with a wild cry, nnd in tlio after silenco tho girl caught, at intervals, tho sound of hoarse, panting respirations. Impelled by soma emotion stronger, than hor. terror, sho loaned far out-irito tlio night, and she caught sight of a trian's head protruding -above tlio clustering ivy. ; . . . A low, startlod cry, osonpedi hdr dips. It was instantaneously arisworpd., . ; " Be.qu'ietj" spoke a<sloar,'tirm voloo a voibo that 'inspired lior ' Witli pnniidoricb and courago ; '.!do riot foar ; I aim. coining to holpyou." " Gomo on I" sho responded, still look ing out. - Tho ivy vinos that clurig obou t tho lofty towor began to shako and rustlo, tho panting . respirations came ' riearor, and presontly tlio man's hoad camo distinctly into viow — a handsomo, blondo hoad, and ri pair of sliinirig,' rcsolnto bluo oyos. Thoir ownor was accomplishing tho dar ing feat of climbing tho " Bordor AVatoh- towor" by aid of tho ivy vinos that covered it. Ho caino up cautiously, but fearlessly, now clinging by his arms, now. finding a foothold against tho rugged masonry. Maggio ' grow siclc and faint, ns sho watchod him, but ho sinilcd up into hor whito. faco,' ns it hung ovor him in tlio silvory moonlight ; and in anotbor broolli ho swung himself up to tho wiudow-sill, ami loaped in. Covored with porspirntinn, aud almost gasping frorii his grcnt oxcrtion, his olooo- fitting huuting-jackot torn into shreds, Ilia hii'nrlsnmn funn (lualiod. Ins blonxla ourls nil in a tumblo ; yet Maggio knew him in nu instant. Ho was tho- young stranger who had drawn hor from under tho horso's foot at tho " Lion and tlio Unicorn," mid to whom ehu appealed for liolp when Lord Angus forced hor away, llcr dyes brightened, .and a lovely color roao to lior ohseks. Slio oxtondod her hand with n shy but oxquiBito graoo, " I ronipnibor you," oho said, simply; " and you havo riakod your lifo to como to tno?" Tlio youiig liian bowed, and took tho cold littlo fingers in his own shapely hand. .. ' . .. . "No, not quito that," lio ropliod. ' ' 'Twns a closq thing," I'll admit, but I'vo a tnlout for climbing, and tho ivy is strong and Bafo j my lifo was in no dangor. lint I'm glad you rcmonibor irio," ho ndded, with a Hushing glnnco, " because I've liovor fprgotton you for ono singlo niomout ; sleeping or - waking, your face has haunted mo. 1 know you word not iiiad, ou liioy asserted, and- 1 dotoi mined to save you. I followed tho carriage that boro you away that night, and saw yon convoyed into this placo ; and finding no oilier mode . of outnincc, you B'.'O, 'I've climbed tlio gory vulture's nest,' Arid riow, what.curi 1 do for you f ' " IIolp mo to cscnpo," ropiied Maggie, promptly, "If I remain, till to-morrow, a fato worso tlian douth will bo mine." Ho considered a .moment, hishundsomo facn liirnod toward tho sotting moon, 'Jibi'st. toll . mo," lie -lliuu - ro|ilicd,'- "hoiv you ovor m inagcd to got up horo, if, as X infer, you. have booD bold » pvi- sonor. You suroly did nbt asoond by tho sdcrot stairway 1" Yes, I did," Maggio replied. " I dis- covorod it by cbanco, and came up horo iitlriiotoil by tho sound of your (luto ; but I fancied 110 ono know 'that such a stair way existed." ' s Tlio young man smiled, showing his handsomo whito teoth. "You fancied rightly. 1 stumbled upon it by chance, liko, yourself, wlion this old placo was unoccupied and I was horo on an investigating tour ; but I can't well beliovo that you had tho courngo to ascend it." " I did," said Maggio. "I would go through tlio gates of death, I think, to liinlto my ossapo," Ho flushed another glanco upon hor from his bright bluo eyes. " Como, then," ho said ; " wo havo no timo to loso, and thoro is but ono way. Tlio doors nnd gates aro barred and bolted, and Mothor Gwynnoth nnd hor blood-hound aro playing. soutincl. AVo must gq down by tho ivy." Maggie started iu surpriso, and grow a slindo palor as sho glnncod down tho dizzy distanco. " Thero's no daniror," replied tho strnngor, oncouragingly ; "if you will only trust mo, I will save you. Como 1" . Ho hold out his hand, and 'Maggio drow near. "Now you'll Havo to oling to mo with all your strength— horo, thia way, so that I can uso my bands in desconding, arid do not fear j you look liko a bravo girl." Sho pormittod him to clasp hor eloso, while sho twined hor arms about his stal wart shouldors. Ho was just on tho point of springing through tlio .window, when sho uttored a quick cry ! " Oil, I had forgotten 1" she oxclnimod ; " how uttorly selfish I am in iny eager ness to savo mysolf. Thoro is nnotlior prisonor in this old castlo— away down in tho old donjon koop, tlio Earl of Strath spoy lies dying. AYo must savo him — I won't loavo him behind." Tho young man turned ami faced her, a curious oxprossion in his oyos. " AVliat do you say ?" ho criod j " tlio Earl of Strathspoy a prisonor horo " Yos — his own son, or tho boy rather, who lins boon reared as his son," lured him hero by a false lottcr, and locked liini in tho denion to dio. Providsnco sant mo down to him, I think, nnd I saved his lifo by sharing my food with hiin." "And why should this boy luro.his father hero, and loavo him to dio 1" ques tioned. tho strnngor, n slight tromor run ning through his cloar voico. " Tho cnrl suspects that tlio boy is not his son, nnd talks of renouncing trim, nnd tho young man wants to murdor him, and secure tho earldom." ' For tlio spaco of an instant the young man stood silont, a slow flush arising to his fair, clear-cut faco. . " Woll," ho ojaoulated at last, "of all strango things, this is tho strangest, tho Earl of Strathspoy incarcerated-, horo by his Bon and licir. I can scarcely bclievo it." "It is truo," cried Maggio, oagorly ; "and ho will dio-— lib looks liko death now— and I havo carried hirii no" food sinco inorn'ng. :0h, sir, can't: yori; help me!" .' "Of coursp I will— I'll rbuso tlio ofilocrS: of tho law, and'ransaek this old glioat- neat from top to bottom — " But ovory moment is prooious," inter posed Maggio ; " tho' yonng Lord Angus, ns he is called, falsoly enough too, for I havo tho proof that ho is no son of the onrl." ' What, you have tho proof!" ros— x iouna it,\as x socm to tina overything, by mora rihanco, in the flan nel innritlo worn by that poor littlo babo that was found, on tlio Tyrol mountain— tho writton proof that " . ! " Hist 1" criod tlio' young nian, cntohing at hor.nrin," there's a carriugo bolow—-' put out your candlo, quick !'' '.i Maggio darted aoross to tho cornor iri which tho candlo -fliakcred, aud ' ox: tinguishod if with a 'breath,. thori'sHe turned to tho window, gazing cautiously down.; ' " "..v : A two-whooled voliiolo , coritainiiig a couplo of men was bowlingrip Iho gravol walk. In a second they paused at the groat gate, and ono1 of thoin l. nped out, and prococdod to unlook it. Maggie lmd. a fair viow of tho otlior as he sat in the whito moonlight. "Oh, hoavons I" sho whispered, hor- checks paling with terror, "it- is- Lord Angus, tho oarl's 3on ; wb aro lqstT'; ; " Nay," ropliod tlio strnngor, " nbt lost yet. Soe, thoy havo ontercd — Mother Gwynnoth's blood-liouiid bida thorn wol eomo. ' Como I" . 'X ; ' : Ho olnspod her firmly with ono arm, arid appronohod tho window. But tlio earl ?" gasped Maggiopshivbr- ing with terror, as ah'o hen'rd : tlio fiofco baying of tlio boast bolow. " I'll savo him," ropiied tho young man, quietly; "but yorimuet bo -got into ri sufo placo first. Comb — tbo moinbrits aro, precious." ' ; X And clasping her onco tiioro, lio loaped lightly through tho window' arid swung himsolf out.' . .'X " X "XX- . OHAPTER LXVItl,' niB HEiuirr'B cave. ' -"Now oling to ma with all your might," ho said, gently, " and don't; look down ; kebp your oyos on tho moon.. Poor littlo dovo, do nbt tromblo so ; I'll not lot you fall." Ho swung himself out, holding on to tho window-sill, and'Maggio olnspod hiin oloso with hor lithe, young arms, hor wido, brown oyos tixod upon tlio wliito Soptom- bor moon, dropping slowly out of sight behind tlio Scottish hills. Down ho wont,-, swinging himself from ono twisting , vino' to snothor, novor for ono moment loosen ing his'tiriii clasp. Maggio could fool ' his heart throbbing with groat bounds, and henr him breathing in gasps, so tromond- ous was his oxbrtion. High followsliip begets lovo, it is said, and I think tho old doctor's fair daughter vorificd - tho old saying, in her hazardous desoent that night. If sho did not lovo; tliias bravo young stranger, who hold"lier sosfirmly in his arms, and risked his lifo for hor sako,' with ovory breath ho drow, her heart was filled witli a boundless gratitude. Down and down, from one gnarled vino to an other, past tho hoary battlements, past tlio mulhoncd windows, now uimpimdeil in mid-air, anon sliding down tho ruggod rock, docoived by a tro'aoh'orous hold, but safe at last, Magghi'u foot touched tlio crisp, liroivn soil of the blighted hoatli, at tlib ba'so of tlio groat tower ; her bravo knight relaxod his firm clasp,' rooled for a momont, pant ing and gasping for brcnth, and thon stood nobly o-'ect. Oh, what shall I ovor do to ronay you ?''..bognn Maggio, in her gratitude, but ho cnt her short. t Hush," lib said, grasping lior hand ; "wo shall havo tho blood-hound at our hools. Como I" s Ho liurriod her aoross tho heath, round tho skirt of .tlio fir thickot, nud undortho bnso of tho mountain, toward tlio cavorn known as tho Hermit's Cave." . Tho ontranco was rilescrihaMy gloomy in tho fitful light of tho sotting moon ; a great, yawning- chasm opening under a rocky roof, curtninod by black fir- branchcs and rank growing vinos. IIo sinilod down upon hor ns thoy nonrod this diBninl ontrnnoo, something unuttorably . toudqr.nnd reassuring in his bright, rosolutO;pyes. " Don't bb afraid, littlo ono." ho said, kindly; "youriavo boon vory bravo" to night. Wo are. safo inow— a friond of mine lives in thislglpomy cavo— a good and wiso old ntan, whoso lionpitality wo must sliaro to-night. You can trust me, can you not!" . " I can trust . you," said Maggio, quietly.,; He led her on through a kind of rocky tunhol,'dii'rk and, damp, whioh lod at last into a wido, rorcrboroting oavorn. Away at the'roinotb ond a taper glimmered, and as thoy drow near, Maggio percoivcd a littlo squaro compartment, formed in a turn of tlio cavorn, fitted up ns a human dwelling. At thoir approach nn old man, wearing tho "gqrb of nn anoiont monk, with a black cowl on hio hoad, nnd a white; flowing beard, appeared in tho ontrnnoo. "AVlio coincs!" ho domanded, his voico ; nwakening a thousand sopulchral ocliocs. . "A friond," rospondod tho young man. At tho. sound of his voico tto hermit advanced to moot thorn. : ' You aro wolooino, my son," ho said ; thon his oyp tailing on Alaggio, who clung to her dolivrrcr's arm half 'in torror, iio added, '1 You have succecdod, I sec — como, my child," extending his hand to hor, " the hermit bids you woleomo." lio led her into his rudo littlu tomplo, nnd seated hor on tho bench boforo the wood lira that blnzod in ono corner. " You nro whito nnd cold." lio naid, turning to a small tablo, nnd pouring sumo wino from a flask, "drink this, it will do you good." Maggio obeyed, nnd. folt tlio rare old vintago tingling through her chilled voine, and bringing a glow to hor cheeks. " And you, my soti," continued ilio her mit, turning to the young man, "look worn out— a drop will ronow your strongth." Hut tlio young man shook His head. ' , " No wino for mo," ho said, smiling, " hut a glass of cold writer, if you pieaso — arid five minutes to broatho in, then I must loaivo" tliiis yoimg lndy in your.caro, and bo off again— rtho Earl of Slratlmpoy is a prisonor in tlio old donjon." Xl ' Tho h6ririit,turnod:in;aninzomont. ; , " The Earl of Stratliipoy a. prisoner. 1 IIow oan that bo ?'! ; ; . "Tho man who' boars his' riaino.Vwlio has boon roared as his son, ' has confined him there to die. ' v X ' '.X . ' - " And wlioroforo " To soouro' tho earldom— tho .orirl doubted that ho was iri trutli his son; aud talked of ronounoing him." ' - . >X For n minute tllo two looked into oaoh other's ' eyes, arid then -tlio itormit laid his hand upon tho young man's shoulder. "I see!" lib- answered. violomnlv i "Uomulus, niy Bon, Iloavon's justico may bo stoic, but it is sure!": \ : — . ' Tho young man silt silont ah .instant)" arid thon.ho arose. , I must not delay, X he said ;. " ovory . moment tolls, and tho oarl must be roseuod this night"; . Why not call out tho propor authori ties, and havo.tlioruius searoliod V'sug- gostod tho hormit, . X. : X X ' "Tltat" would tako timo in this . 'wildor; neBSj'.'.'rcpliqrlvtlio.otlibr, " nnd tho earl's enemies w.ould. be pretty quro to murder liiiri while :a .pair .of officers nro pomading, at tho gates.; No ;T'll try it myself. I'vo olimbed tho towor twico to-night, rind I'll mako 'iho third attoiupt. I can get on bettor without help than with it." Ho starled down tho onvcrn, nnd thon tiirnod baok abruptly, > "If. any tiring should bofall mo," lie said,' /.coolly; " and. Iidori't 'roturii, you will soo tliat thia yoring. lady ia rostorcd to hor frionds!" .1 ' "I will," ropliod- tho hermit. ''Hut, my son,' do riot rashly 'throw: away your lifo;"- ."- Xk.- ' . .. X "I shall savo the orirl, and mysolf too,' if possibl'd," was his q'uiot iniswor. " I think I'm a. niriloh'for Mothor GwynribtU and all hor- oiuisaarios, tho blood-hound included." ' ' , . lie took a short knifo from n crovico ovbrlicad, and- put it in his bolt as ho spbkb... vMriggio .watched hiin, with whitening chooks; .hor vory Heart sinking' within lior; Sho afoso, rind extended' lior hand. ' sou riHHUu yuur ilio 10 savo uiu, silo faltorod, "and I havo riot ovou thankod you— and now " "My success ir,' saying ia amplo ro- ward," lio replied, taking hor trem bling hand, arid retaining it . in his firmclasp. " Yoq nro not afraid to ro- m.'un huro ?X hp added. ' " AVhy do you tromblo so ?'' , "Not afraid— oli', nb, npt for mysolf— but for yuur niifuly," bIio nuinuurc'd, dropping hor oyes shyly beneath ilia'1 gazo. A sudden light flashed over lior hand somo faco, anil ho raisoil tlio littlo hand ho held to his lips, with gravo rovorencn, "Do'not foar," ho ropliod, gently ; " I shall cmno to no' harm. Furoivcll 1" Ho turnod again to go, but looked briok, struck with n auddon romcmbraneo. "You said you had proof' ho Baid, " flint this lunu who bears tho oarl's iiamo is not His son. May .1 nsk what proof !" . Maggio rcsumod lior oerit, and, with a deprecating glarico. and n movement of oxquisito graoc and inodosty, romovod tho boot from hor dainfy foot, nnd extracted tho yollow paper from ifa hiding placo be neath tlio lining. " I put it thoro for safo hooping," sho oxplained, as sho handed it to tlio young man. ' "I had only found it when I was drugged and forced from hofiio." Ho ran it ovur with his keen bluo oyos, a hot flush mounting to his chooks. Thon ho passed it to tlio. hermit. " Littlo girl," ho saidt,lnrning again to Maggie, " I think thoro ia . somo power, higher arid more divine thnu moro phaiice, it work for us nil to-night. You will think so to, by and by. Gutd-byo." Arid; with a bow and sinilo, ho dis- rippcarod, and Maggio won loft ulono iu tlio hornut a cavo. . . > : To H (Onimucd.- 