HO WAS THE IMDEBIK ? C&raxnX.; BiraEiBiosdsfiie daBe of »' Xdj erwi feat ffpoH Bqygtgfor toyoang Hoaaec Gtpfe, of Sear Grange; aft in the garden at tk&nn;, wife Qaltoems, fee steward's dxa. Across apazzAe sweep (dmoodsai vwe fee hazy osfeaesaf fee wifEOsvldchzisest&e; sxdlL cf Samaeoc rarest ra weszaoataBa, sm3 at tjwpnd nfagitden «fit& trout beck msxranied over a rocky bed. Qeairns stfflL mel from fee meadow cirer fee brook came fee low tinkliDg of sheepbeite and fee laughter cf same village lads who were deeding a match at quoite. The sambad set and k£t fee sky a- >fcB wife ftat fiery cdmsan. toe which be tokens earning Etosm, and a screaming crowd of swifte wraehswkxog among fee thick Hoods of gnate that hovered ovshead. It was ax szMsfes sues Bpy aise to Sesr to coach Mscoosin HanarfgrhsBalitaYeo aHtjna- : grW? ffrrrfng- iitat fenp he had. BtSSSgSCi tO i lose his heart to Helen Trswnia. One reason I for this was fe&tHfen; happened to be fee only e woman on fee estate wife whom. ieentld e®- Terse. for the master GfScsr. Ms pupaTs brother, I was a bachelor, and an avowed woman-hater. XeszxBotsaj whether fee young tutor wonld j have fsUeniii lore wife the steward's daagjitg j merely because he fraud her sainfceOgeut coxn- 1 pirittn, Bst bad Bar been gctobI of seas- | ttStT in fee matter of feannxne beacfv, which $ he certainly was not. he wouki sorai have he- I come fceadly wife TTA11 for the simple reason | fe»t- beyond Horace, ferae was no single person. | at Scar wife whom it was possble to be on I tame of intimacy. 1 If Harold Bjt Eves to be a hundred years | old be wiE mot forget each tziml' jnc?dart of | fear July evening, foe safe scenes are greei in I fee raa»w what the heart has become seared 7 by bitter »|iwiwwBi and feA Mood chifted by | age. He will always treasure the volume of I W«r.p which lay upon Eden's lap as fee eat on f feg old Hchei-coTPEred seat berjeath the big \ sycamore, while fep willug sn» fecme upon ber I white pfoAplry gtvrnff titwii a grJcen tmt, and : Scout, a feaggr otterhound. rested lri? nose upon i her feet as he lay dreaming of giant ciiasaod \ EKstsl combats. growimg sow and as he t slept. Hoy's heart was fell that right, and bis I voice -feltprpd &t; times. He had not told Hdsi i of Ms p asaon, feat ferae wee many signs which 1 insured feat she esteemed bis fnoadfeip. ! When he came to fee fem. ostaashly S2 the purpose cf affknrg her in fee study of Gmnam r-lajgdfI authors. her smile and ; warm. welcome told hfm that fee apjffedated I his visfs. srt'i at tiroes a gentle pressure of the ; hand at psriisg raised his hopes to a dan- | geroosly nigh sate of expectancy and conS- , deuce. Upon Ms last visi she bad been I unusually tender. be thought. as he sat by her f feie. He could eon.tal& himself no longer. He felt that he satii speak at osee. and throw ; htrngfflf sr her feet. The twilight: had j deepened. sud Helen eosM no longer see to ! read. She closed the book, and folded hra ; while hands upr-n her lap, l-=ar-ing her head \- £L2sinst the tree. »i»d showing bpr sr;rnn % faiyjit Hoy: nszn. Kg; <rtsr, es ven usus uuiiiiuxi, j and when be parted Ms Bps to speak Ms ; tongue sessed fixed. Xbongbse came crowding upon his mind, and his head' was dizzy wife < mingled agitation and hope. Prudence wbis- j peed, You. are wofolly impecunious;- bat \ passes overruled. "Who fosld listen to fee cold f oictates of reason and gaze into Helen's dark \ eyes? She was thoughtful and silent. How \ beautiful fee looked. To win such a woman f weald "make fetrth a paradise. Bending to her | ear. Eoy told Ms love in ferrest toans. f May I not hope. Mis Traverser.' he cried. I as he tried to look into her eyes, which were f Maaei by tbmr black lashes, while hex bseosa 1 heaved wife moaoa and fee tarnsd her fngas one within fee cfeer. j Will yoe not answer me ? Will yon not \ give me one little word of eac-ouzagssent he Stil'J. You have sumrked me." said Helen, when | fee had partly regained her composure. I j never dreamt ef — of this,' fee whispered, as she 1 turned her face rromhiru. | 'Have you not discovorea until now how j much I love and esteem you \ I knew feat you looked upon roe cs a friend i — that yoe. liked to fsitr wife me.1 | Xo more I I vow to you that I have loved 1 you in. secret for mopfe past. But I dazed not \ speak. 1 have been hovering betwixt hope and I iezr. Day and night you "have beei in my t thoughts. I can contain myself no longer, j Miss Trsveroer — Helen " I implore you to put | an end to my suspense. " | What if I cause you further pain r Oh 1 j what rctjf I say to you : ' \ One brief worn— hope. I ask for no more." ; 4 It would be cruel.' | ' May I not hope, ferar 4 Ob, my dear frier?-!, it cuts "ma to mv heart ; to tell you that I cannot — may not love you.' j said Helen. " j May not! Do not Bay feat. I have staked! much upon your answer.' | Oh. go. go, fee sobbed, suddenly. " I have ! not besB discreet. I have allowed you to say ! what you have, but I should, have pr.i Anferf : you at first. I'estean. you. Who could help j it r You are so clever, and what a woman values mote, kind and geoezous. You deserve i to win some gcod and tender woman. I on- | worthy of you.' ! 4 You are all that I desire, cried Eoy. 'If von send me away tou will drive me to cespair. : Helen, I cannot Kve without you.1 You have said enough., Mr. Hew — enough to make me wife feat we bad never met, Tmrrh as I have enjoyed your hls&iip.; Leave me, I beg you !' fee said in a hollow voice, as elm covered her face wife her hvndg. 4 Forgive me.' said Eoy. pained at her tone. I have nothing to forgive,' fee said : 4 bat I | ask you one favour. Do not sse me again. I Hex voice was cold, and bro- face wore an er- : pressing that Boy bad never seem TTpt eyes I were fixed, her cheeks white, ana her delists I nosfxOs dilated. He was alarmed at ; her appearance, and could not speak | for a moment. Although fee appeared ; to be suffering much Tm»tfes| agztaiion, feme was the soggestkm. of & wiwggfef smilg about her red lips, which were apart and showed her white teefe. The mocm pesed out from behind a eloud. audits beams lit' up her face, inezeafeog its pallor. She seemed to h ave foaryyttgiHoyk esence. FrseB% feetnxsed hm-faead towards him. and, looking straight into his eyes. said: — 4 Why do you not go ? I wQI do as you bid,1 answered Hoy, 4 but I cannot give up hope so so on. I stwrf see you again. ' Toa must nob fee said, firmly, and again Boy thought fh&t; he detected a sniie upon, hex set features. f Good-night, she added, gtraiiimg W hand. Boy seized it It was cold as ice. He pressed it for a moment, and let it hdh With out speaking another word, TTebn turned towards the House. HEed with, diwtrarting feoughis. the walked towards fee Grange, not wife his usual elastic step, but rtowly, aauoriy heeding where he trod. His isainwas in. a whirl, andoutof the hsathsr there seemed to rise the image of a Tinnn'iT firr. beautifeL indifid, bat cold' anacaS&BTwonM; aofcbfeaj it was Helm mvoBai face. Had fee wt alwwn. treated bim wife kindnfFS, and d : fered fee ereatefe amafefetr Yfe he eodd ! nothamfefee rBooOedko of hex dutugena- canny ss3e as abe sat in. the inooribybt. Had b» gtdden. visions dl a fife df eaxap hapfeaB, with TFdpn ty lik tidp, CQIBS fo WTTght '( He danped ocM hands to bis «togf<afeead, &rvrl; staggered at dark fir phnlntoo, raxfil be came within sit of fee Gsaie. Gantara GHde was ams <f about fivwna- thirty, tail, swarfey,"wife a large black nsoas- A year ago MrkredU «« to at Scar. Those of fee tjaauitrr who remem- bored Mm as ahoy feook feerbeads when feej nLl ttpnTp yyid that Scar iroiaM be & diSerfc place when fee young mec canmto ! live there ; and they were right. Ibe eqreire's eoecesBox was Bot of fee stuff from wbicb pepobr fawnnwic oto He was, bkezaofe- arnnf awn, intjiwwi tO hs slighOj OTET- besring at feaes, and was always very reserved arwi jii deaBiig withMs tsiaES. In Ms yittrih hp hai hwa wifcl, and tfige wag tptGST fe mies about Mm in his regimcfit: bat, unlike zuanv recklesE ycRisgssss, bw and es- capades senr mwip bim popular. He was a born gambls, pMy seomng to fit him like a 1 second nature, be was almost invariably sucosssfuL By wesra. although be ptofessed I t© be TntHfrfnemt to feeir diirng. he was greatly 1 admired. HismanoaeE weepoljfeed, ami few j men WEebettar across conntry or at handling a | vafet. Upon Ms arrival at Semhe caised many slfurafaag to be ing< , fee maMes were ei- j IzrgedLin ortw to rocsn for a stud of i i«mtpTR- sn<i & rgllfg tH -Tr<rm was added to fee I I tmacp IMjiiig fee summer he had. been away j | 'run-, bnrog- hut bsd returned at the sid of the j I Goottwood Meetmg. smi although he was by | | no mwawt w jiimmitfrp <si fee fe&ject; Eccice j I kiirmfafti rmm his wwimg tiat 2ufe had b3i | | against Mm feoBce. What Hoy reached, fee 1 Grange feat night. Captain Glyoe was sttmg in ! I fto> smciirrny a CSgST at the Open | I window. As the tutor crossed the hall, he j I caBedtohiin. , j I T latchpai twanbgfct jpftattaycgagSKBe j \ rfn--A Boy, he esid, as he pushed a box of I w'gsrg towards hrm. _ j j I won't ssMd%, thank yon. said Boy, j | sitting down. Doric Glyde stoc-o up and xarast j f trf fntr, thA pockets ox his knickerlK>ekms. i | <T'-anw-..-i r.t= legs and. leant against the table. | | 4 I g-m gCTg to leave Soar at the mid of the 1 I lEGBih/ he 4 Horace ought to be fit for j ? Ms PTam tv tMs time. Do you think keH ! pull through rT _ j j - 1 hope so. srawereU Hoy. j f 4 If you tbtnk he's ssSssaiij crammed, of i | coarse I shs'n fc want you say longer. I thought : I it best to tell you so. By the war, bow is | I TntkHiKg-jgngrssjcCTg wifebE German r; j j ftka eau read without roncb assistance. re- i I ' I am glad to hear ir. said Captain Glyde, | walking toward3 fee window, and whistling ! eoxilv. Prasenily be tsmei xouii'd. and took a I cheque-book fmro big pcekel, sitting down I KsibMed some sod Ms spsatere upon & \- —7 " . , „ "1 li n ... E.T-|fIF - — T sup lUtfcm U IU 1»J>; aayiwg - x ouwn r you're not over flush, my" dear Mlow, and, to | tell the truth, s-m i, bat it is unfair feat : you i feect Pdro Traverner for nothing.' | 4 Teach hs=r fox nothing. cried Boy : 4 1 did | so at her reinest. and because of my moadship | for her. " j There was a sneer upon Edris Glyde's band- I tome race as be tauped Ms fingers wife, the 1 folded cheque. Eoy s Mood rose. What had j this man to do wife Helen. j It was an sirangemsit between Miss | TrsveraEand mjBEif; he said, warmly. \ 4 Pardeu me, but you are wrong, Eoy, said. \ Edric, wife studied politeness. It was at my deare that Miss Traverner asked tou to help her with hs German, audii isto me thai you must look tor payment. ' _ _ j 4 1 want no paymsit. cried Eoyondhruaritly. as his Meafe «-«roe fast ard his eyes fiasbed. Thai is absurd, said D-irie. beginning to j whisks again. - j 4 W nat agnail service I have done for Miss Traverser has been through my esteen for her. | not with a" view to earning money. Did fee ask me to give her lessor.? knowing feat yon were to bear the expense r' he asked, sliaost ; fiercely. ! 4 Certainly. was the answer. i 4 There I it alh said Bo v. 4 It is y-ttr fee ; loves. - ! 4 Y«3u are right. Have you any objection, may j I ask I 4 Only this much, that I love her myself. j answered Eoy. bitterly. risMg and pacing the rocun. I'm sorry to hear you say so. said Edric. coolly; 4 1 had no soieion of it. Have you I made love to hex, man r' he asked. IcoVrng ihe ! tutor full in fee face, and speaking between. ; hk ctenfhed teeth. Boy's face was deadly pale. 4 What if I answer yes r he said deliberately. \ Edric Mi Mshp una puEed at Ms large mous- tache. t 4 1 iergive you. he answered. You did sot I know feat fee Lad promised to become my wife. I wished it kept secret : I hive a decided | aversion to country gossip. I11 confidoxce, I fell yen feat in three weeks fee will be my I wife. Boy almost reeled to the ground, but wife & great effort he controlled his agitation. 6 He would not let Ms rival see how deeply the I news had affected Mm. Befusxng to accept tie 1 feeque, he went from the room. In one hour 1 fee whole aspect of life had changed : there was | nothing to live for now Hrfm conld set | possibly be his. And to whxt kind of thsti had | fee given her handV To a Msse msm of tt»A 1 w orid? a hard drinker, a gambler, and a I profiigate ! God ! could s"Ha know htm r TTp f sat in his room, with bis sdtitig imal clasped | in his hands, motionless as a stone, nntrl fhp sen I rose beMnd fee di«d»nt fells and Sooded fee I room wife a rosy light. Then, be et<de from | the house, to wander upon, the moor | untO the breakfast hour. Helen's strange smile haunted him. all day. JCFas her emo tion assumed whet she forbade biwri to speak to her of lover He cculd not hefieve it; yet why had fee smiled in the midst of her apparent tenderness r These thoughts filled mind day and night. A few days after Ms interview wife Edric Glyde, Horace mf armed Boy farf Scar was to be sold and that his brother was going abroad. 'Isn't it a confounded feamef he 4 Fancy sdKngfee place! Ew was«urnraBed. 4Why feouldher1 he asked. 4 Between ourselves, he has dropped pSecf money. -It's all through 2ns infitfagfam h>r betting. Look here. Boy : Pre had a down- right qu&nel; wife. Ednc to-day. Yon know fiotllnte Mm. >'Whea I was quite a bov I hated Mm. I wife fee governor was afive now. He'd torn in Ms grave if he thought was for sale. IteB jou, HMold, I saneim6eB vrMi that Bdric had nevearnfeixiied feom Afafamfc. tan. I stemM have had fie estate feen. - 4 Hush, man! said Boy, wife a nervous glance over his shoulder. 4 You hate Mm, too, dont you f ' asked Horace, in a low voice. Boy made no rby. He stood looking upi fee ground wife knit feews. wh3e his puml watched himcuriocsj# Hmld Bty to hrooght Mb refief. lake moet-<faidada, In sdiSed feora oecafesaZ and one or two denies gggrwratsa fee state of nervous etode mfo wte"fe hadfeBn. During Ma ocdkge career h&haA; endured acute faesl nesnafeia of a vn&aut; nature — so vicdent, in fed, as to | a&dMiteift; — oodto mnet Ms rsgfeg betes | he frwuntfv resorted to cfclwrt &nce; j Leaving Edinburgb Ms health had an : ®- ippmsii but fee present harassed caabon d has msffli reduced Mm fo .a ecies d nervpus fever; f xsr fee first ferae tormonfes Ishad | recourse to fee alxwe kindly hot raaemms t nepoafee. A faFyiwt'wp affcg'Mg jnfag.fi" j ! wife Oaptein Clyde, ashe passed feeBaearydoa | fjQCT« itftfT ti» <femw hour, he tin feat he 1 heard a woman's vtaae. The doer being j I was able tc gbw within. . It was j but not too «i%rL to detect a fwnaiHC figure.- 1 It was Tteverner, and fee stood wife ; Imt Wnd Trprm Fitr> Glyoe's fewwldez Wllist , he feowud her some books which lay opon a | fqMf TK»«yttM»»nid<nr. Their Tcacea vreielow. Burning wife Jealousy. Boy strained Ms ears, j an<i fistaiaJ wife a ktnd ragnm hRsfeos, j mrtfl he overheard tfeg? Captain say, wife a 1 : I gngbJ 1 1 wonder he hasi't dedicated, some | | verses to you. You know he quite thiokB : MsEdfapbd.' . 1 ; He waited to nssr no niGre. Stung tyMs ! rival's sneerisg swl afeamed to think that he had yaslded to fee toBspsafem of aj- I mg esves-cropper. Bov deeded Ms teefe. end. | stole cautfousiy from fee door, j An tnfaw». feAiTTig of hatrea for Edso Giyde arose wzsMn Mm. 4 In prps=»>t Etate of my nerves, I dare 1 not meet ht-m supper. fee cxdaiused. as he ! jfrtng hhRcrff infn a chair in room. A hiw- rhSp ssggestkm fistazed upcm !", es he sat I wife his head "between Ms bands, and Ms elbows \ on the table. Straggling to sabdse the fiendsfe pnv;<t4fng of hatred, he rose to Ms feet- and I pared fee room, scarcelv <t«rmg to look &t; Ms I vhlie face reSeefed in the looking-glass, kst 1 its maHgniry feouM sel hizn. Tne atzpoe- ! phere was gtifiing : he longed for air. He seized \ Ms hat &sddesceidmg; the .staircase, croesed fee j Moad. halL end went out. into fee night. Hardly \ knowing whse steps ccTsdnctei Mm, he wandered, in direeticsi of the sonMe fir I planteiton which lay between the Grange and 1 Hrane Farm. It was a cikise eight, and fee | raoGn was obeccxBd by heavy douds. _ A splash \ of rain fell upon Ms beated tece, siid esaniy I a heavy shower set in; but he paid no heed to j the downpour ss he roamed, through ths dark | rtoe. | CSJLPZS2 IT. Eefcre miduiit Boy retomeL Horace £&t; i alone in the library wife a book en his kness. I He started at fee sight cf his tutor's ashen | countsianoc. 4 Where ca eEsth. have yon. bees. = at this irrnfa 0? r-.l'ght- aisd In. fezS dxQlfifcEg ! rais. p he asked. 4 How tearfaliv IE vcti look. i -r_ it w vv " js aayug ice re 'Xo ; I have been for a walk, and was over- ? by s shewer/ esswered Boy. 4 But you're shivering. In sore you're not . we3L said Horace. Hadn't yon better go to bed r I wonder where Edric is ; he hasn't came ; in yet. I say, Eoy. yon look awfully ghastly. Won't yc-u have same brandy r 4 I've had an attack of my old esemy . : neeralgis.' said Boy, 4 there's nofeing else the 7nK.it fr with my hlth. Xc>. thanks. I won't ; have any brsn-ny, it's too btfijjrrrvr; ,ry . HI v go to baL though, ir ycti'Il exccse me: yon know Tm going to-morrow r I start : early fox Middleton. in order to catch the first train. 4 Then yon won't have many hours sleep, for " it stgnsat seven. | 4 Yes. On ' I shall get a couple of hours, no j : doubt. I may not see you in the Tgrsrmytg — \ gocd-cye. | ' Good-bye, said Horace. 4 Whew ! how j i cold your band is. You're in & wretched state ' s cf besilth, Eoy. althc-ngk yon deny if. I hope ; I you'll be all right soon. 111 Let yen know i£ I \ pass my ev.rr>. Yon stSI zaean to go to ! Edinhuighr" | 4 Yes. answered Bc-y. creasoily, ashe walked ' to the door. j 4 1 say, esUed Horace, 4 you know Edric's I going to merry Miss Traverser r' | 4 Yes. &iid; Eoy. pausing at the foot of fee stairs. "When is the wedohig r " Yext week : cuite a quiet affair. In \ Tendon, I beHere. She -fnpg'ts there. f Sie's a jolly girt, too good for Edric. I sfanrfd j | have liked her for myself, tut I have fo j marry money. It's rather a come-down for a ' \ Glyde to msrry a ismier's daughter, ehb I HuBo ! he's gone, he said, 1 ear.rog tack in his | chair to see if Eoy was on fee stsiresse. ! 4 WeLL Til go to bed, too. I think. be added. | wife a yawn. ; I An hour or so later Horace was aroused Tnun i an uneasy slumber by a knock at Ms bedroom I docs-. It was Mrs. Peynz. fee housekeeper. i | Please, Mr. Horace, fee captain hasn't ' I coma in yet, and I'm beginning to get 3 Mt | fidgety. IPs three hoars sfocehe started fox 1 the farm wife MESsTraveroer. «&« satd. I Send Peters round, answered Horace ! I sharply. (Peters was the boiler.) I 4 He s gene. sr. Use srjuire sent hr?« awav j feis aftaanoon. said Mrs. Poyntr. I best him sway, murmured. Hcsaoe. j 4 "What for P j 4 He was insekai, sr. when Mr. Glyde I sodded Mm i or drrokrag too mnrfi | Then there's no one hattb>. m&i.; f T giroyvaa- j Soid one of fesen down fo the SoafelLodgSTaad send word from me that Fawcns is to go, 'said j Horace, adding under his breath. 'I suppose fee thinks Pm geipg to turn out.'" Unable to sleep, he reached his rape horn a chair by his bedsde. Kt it, and, back, gaxed at fee ceiling, puffm thonghtfullr. IMy i was Meskmg when a eestsd knock at the door, and this time it was loud and raxennfawv 4 Oh, Mr. Horace, for heaven's sakeS coed Mrs. Poyniz, 'something dreadful has happened. Horace roce to a sitting posfem, and ran hs enres ferough his hair. Have they found it oat already P he mnttCT a3 regigwtdnte,ahdhis heart palpitated noleutly. 4 Whst fee matter he coed trying to ooncead his excitecnent. vJAa-1 to toB too. Jte tonHa, ar. hombteP exdairaed the housekeeper. CFH k down in a minnta, Horace white he diodt feS neantofooh In a few momaits be opened bra door, and descended the staixs. toe coachman, stood in the hall, vrHb a scared look upon hfe face, as he toUMs IV>y«G tkaefemg in a ln» ifnw, once,' Horace raiheaid 4 What has ppened F asked Horace, gtenc- ingcariopsfKHnone tofeeofera-. e 'DreadfolnewsfarytHi, sir. TbeBQtdrehss beenmnrdered, saidFawcscs, wife a rfmAW Mmdexed!' gaed Horace, steadyrag eeifwifeoTO hand agurad fee wa!L Yes, sir; ItetmdMBi hhed, and ly»g teltegfltewg Cawe. I went to w_ I leawMginl, «BdjMyadhedleft fereehr 1 ara " SelcwBelB'IfciiiWafee cover fo fl j fwit» aid irw»tMn«» I 4 What dM job do then V he asked after a I '"'aaSSwIcwH for Br. Bates, faOd 1 I'kfenwiratlradlMppMasa, and ftoi weal for the I ! Eirtbr eonstehie. Hs» there -wife fee-bodrlfir 1 aaawaedFawoiSL I 4 Who hea done fear fiw 4ffi Jllfi H looking stoight before Mm, and speakfeJ 1 defiberateiy. 4 Who hzd a grede agaas mj g i brother ? - g «2fo one, wifeoni it .was Peteix, air, sfej 1 ! Fawcns. A sodden, fiafeed Upca 1 HflOKC I 6 Yes, jw/ he essiaaaed. 4 Fete was dli- I missed today. Where » her I | « he was going to KewczsQe, rep-Ihj I : Furcas; 4 bet he was dnwkmg at Efrty fels 1 ; aftenioGS, thoagh- 1 j The wzetfe hss MHed ray broths for . 1 : revenge, cried Horace. 4 He did it. in adrfefceo. If feaezv, Fawcaa. Don't yon fetch I aan rsgt 1 ! feea£!tbaeao ime to be kat 'Iikreks preckras Mack agadmt Mm. sr answered Fawcus. I 4 Have you eaBed Mr. B>y r" asked Hence of I MaPojatz. i 4 He's bo sound asleep I can't w she Mm,' : fee replied. Horace ran to Ms tutor's rcm, ! azM knocked ioodiyai fee door. Beeevfeg answra,lrakidksdvfe£meBfiteatfeepameL f I He cant have started tor MMdteton 'yet.' lie f- \ nmml- At length, he ferew his whole weigtr | I agaacst fee door, andbnrfe- it tspen. Bey iar I I fejet aateep, breathing heavfiy. An empty pilii r : stood ondressing-taMe, and & traveling log | J was upon & dbzsr by Ms bedfeie. - 1 I 'Boy, wskn cried Hcrace, srakii | Mm. The tutor awoke wife a start, and seized 1 has pcpsTs arm in a fierce grip. | I Who are yon : ¥tei£» yoa want cf me | t he exclaimed. 4 D it yew, Horace r be asked, « dapping Ms bawl to Ms forehead. ' Vk&rg; | : fee matters' I must isave been dresmfeg. I 1 I haven't siept for so long feat I took £ii extra I doae of ehlrasi last night. I? it fese to ratdi ' the train r Tea mustn't go to— Hy. Tbse's beea a ? ranrds1. Baric is kUkd." said Horace, hi a \ I bourse whisper. "Wifea wfidcrrB-tjir-Eback tipcnMstollow j \- and covered Ms lace "wife. Ms hands. H:n-;3 eared eagerly at Mm. w ' Yoa we ia Fir Copse Isst r.igfcc. be scii, hurriedly. 4 Dsd you see my brofeer ' God "help use !' groaned Eoy. clasping Us g ; bands to Ms heart. " 1 4 What do yoa. know sbsct this I 4 TeE me,"' wMered Hc-rac-e. gtencfog ever his g feodder. 1 I know nofeing.' cried Eoy. torslr. i ' How dare yon think I do r Do yoa toecn to I ; accuse me or murder r I havsnT seen yczz I fcrotbs' stoce o'clock yestexdsv evezhxs.1 4 Eoy. you. taow socaefeing. I ecu't siy j-:u ' MBed biro "fcait yoa. know sometlmis'.1 ssid ; HtffiMe. looting ehbvesIv at b5 tutors gasEiiv race as us rami ois nsoo. 4 Why do yoa. ssr feat r excteimei Hey, pushing Hmsce a-sd — hek taee more upon Ma pilk-v wife a Lv groan of agony. 4 He "has fanitel- sail Eooce. rr--.:-r icr help. At fee foot of fee stairs be met Dr. Betes, who Lad just arriTei. frcsn ecrae of the tragedy. 4 Horace, ssy dear fellow. tMs is a hreadfel jsece of business, said fee doctor, prerg Ms band. Who have tnrv- a ictl crime r Edric had n-3 enemies. 'Only Peters. suggested. Horace-, aiiirg quickly — 1 Will yon ceste r Boy is £LL He has fainted." ' The Doctor at c nee ascasied to Ecy's room. | "He's cQsarng round.' hs fesltog bia ' I pulse and looking at Ms face wife seme sur- i pisse. 4 He appears to have been coskderabij j startled, Horace. Wki's feat botfe cu fee ; table i Bet me sasell k. ChLaaL eh ! So be ? goes in for feat tired or thing, does he ': ' He snfferv teora neuralgia stesplcscuess. ' j said Horace. 4Bafeer thing. F;c:cr.' ! ; be added, lowering Ids voace fo a whisper. he j was cut last night, and came in about twelve, | s Icokisg Hke a ghost. i j ' But yon don't j 1 4 Saspeet anything : WeZL I shoullu't like 1 ; to ssy thai I do.' said Herac& It"s curious, that's alL' 'It's a coiMfidsuce. ce-rtaiuly, reriEel fee | Doctor. There was i» bad blood be: ween ' Edric artd— — Hush ! he's folly censicus now, bewMaed, I say. Mr. Boy. this is a ; ciBgerocs sedative to cse.' he oid- p%7Ttv";-,y to I fee CTpty phiaL " | 'It <assazes sleep, aaswerei Eoy. wearily. | 4 Have yen sees fee squire t He can't :e dead 1 jj t be excSatmed, sitfenug- np, i < He had bees, dead for s<mae hours wheu. I saw I , bini, iqiied Dr. Bates. 4 Yon re lookiug very j f Hi. You had fcster remain in bed. Horace, we I ; must send shk laa for the corpse. be said, as I i feev left fee room. 4 You. will see to Pro too fbdkn to do I anytMng, said Horace, j 4 Yes, yes : keep as calm as posaKe. 111 see j f to it. answered fee Doctor, moving to fee door. I 5 Horace fearaed into fee diaiagrcioui. He j Qrewqpfeeramdsamdletiw fej>br%bt TTwraipg j gdight ; ferat vreat to the sdeboaid and uiled | a tsmoler half tell cf haody, grmt it at one I g, and sank into a chair. I The news of Osptsin Glvde's marder staead I through fee district like vnldfiie. The Eifey j pohcssn swelled wife importance, and fee day 5 wife excited gcesfpB, who each bada ' I j diSaent rersott of fee story to relate. , I i Mrs. Champ, the landlady, thosght that I ferae could not he fee slightest doubt as to fee perpetrator of fee deed. I 'fePteteraytrasasoecfc Tasked fee eenstiblej I whose name was Drake. ' he's not the »»» at all. answered I Mrs, (raap. wife an air if assurance. I . ;Who to ferae? It's teeRoywaa ! S,K®f®«tthelmfee®iiniraocoOT»ip 1 butyou doat raeanto ear feat .he. had anv band - j init P " What was t raurdra dkrae fer That's toknow, rqtei fee bndladT. | w»Ltter k sake c? moaev. T daen't feiii xt vasBete et aff. tntor? A Ihh 'Onanvhody. Tlray ha found t weapon, said fee Scat gMkteer, craraag fotofeehtt. 4Itsabiff "hat P- eqnixe brought foora fowig caused a great Ainkrafo had |tendltefels heart 'Ihake he raid, <lir.B(S(yMBt not leave fee I eraroete know wWhur to have hnoc bo here? I wish he'd make haste. You've sent io Middleton to see if Peters- vrbnt by the earlv train?' i 4 Yes. sir. The super .will be here before. , dinner time; answered Drake. 'Now, look here, Drake,' said , the Doctor, pointing to a chair ; 4 I have reasons tdf believes that Mr. Roy was in love Miss Travemor, who was to have married the poor Captain shortly I pAow also, thathe is addicted to the use of : etupefTing drugs, which, if taken immoderately, will render a man of weak will as likely to com mit a crime of this kind as an indulgence in drink would. Mr. Horace tells me that he camo m late lari night looking extremely pale and startled, and that when he heard of the crime he exclaimed: "God help me!" and fainted. We can't say that he is guilty, but ap pearances arc decidedly against him. I heard,; also just now, that Peters waa drunklhst night, and t hat he said something about " doing for" somebody. One or the other ir the assassin; there can be no doubt about that. 'What if both were concerned in it?' suggested Drake. 'You see, sir, both had a grudge against the squire. I think we shall be doino- right in arresting the tutor.' ' Yes, I'm afraid we must,' Baid Dr. Bates, thoughtfully. 'It's an unpleasant affair, but it's aquestion of duty. You must stay in the bouse and watch him until the superintendent arrives.' , , ' Yes. sir,' answered Drake. Mr. Traverner was in the dining-room with Horace, who was telling him the time at which Edric- left the house, and how Roy went out ! soon after. < Such a nice, quiet, clever young fellow, too,' said the steward. 4 1 can't bring myself to believe liim capable of such an atrocious crime.. It can't have been done by him. It must be Peters. I always disliked the look of that fellow. My poor girl is in a terrible way. Slie hasn't spoken since she heard of the horrible affair, but sits moaning and sobbing as if her heart would break. Where is Mr. Roy P 4 In his room. He fainted this morning; and Dr, Bates told liim to keep quiet. Drake has looked him in until the superintendent comes." Chapter HI. It :l- needless to describe all that took place at the inquest, which was held the next day. Roy sat like one in a dream. When questioned by the coroner, he denied having seen the mur dered man after eight o'clock ia the evening. A labourer deposed to having found the dagger about fifty yards from where Edric Clyde fed ; and. the game-keeper stated that Peters had said in his hearing that he would ' like to do for the squire.' It was ascertained that the butler had not taken the train from Middleton. The coroner after hearing the verdict from the jury, wMch was to the effect that ' the deceased was wil fully murdered by some person or persons unknown,' ordered that a warrant should be issued for the arrest of Peters, and also that. Harold Roy should bs detained pending further investigations. With tearful eyes, Helen Tra verser answered the questions put to. her, breaking down once of. twice through intense emotion. She said that Edric Glyde left her at the end of the garden, at about ten o'clock, that lie intended to return to the Grange through Fir Copse. Horace told the coroner that he was in the library from nine until midnight. Before evening, Superintendent Shapcott and Drake drove to Middleton in charge of Harold Roy, who maintained a dogged silence, and sat with his chin on his breast and a deadly pallor on l;is face. The next day the Kendall papers reported the arrest of Harold Roy, and the Westmoreland Gazette had a leading article upon the murder, under the heading of ' The Scar Grange Mmfprv ' Emsnrnnfi b«li«v/>d TLnv to bft guilty. Some expressed a doubt as to his. sanity ; others averred that Peters might possibly have acted as an accomplice. Before evening a young barrister named Charlton, a friend of Roy's, arrived at the prison in answer to a telegram. He was permitted to see the prisoner at once. Roy was pacing his cell in a turmoil of anxiety. Charlton was astounded at his altered appear ance. ' You do not think me guilty r' exclaimed Roy as he clasped his friend's hand. ' No, I will not believe it-,' answered Charlton.' ' Sit down,' he said. ' Calm your self, and collect your thoughts. The evidence against you is merely circumstaiitial, I under stand. Now, as a matter of fact, you were in the vrood at toe time of the murder' ? 4 1 was in the plantation at a quarter to ten.' 4 IIow longdid you stay there r' I sheltered under a beech tree for half an hour.' 4 Why were you in toe wood ?' ' I went out because — because mv bead achc<l, and I longed for air. I was considerably agitated. I heard Edric Glyde speak dis paragingly of me to Helen Traverner, a girl with whom I was in love. I did not wish to meet him that night. I had been taking chloral for some days, and I was not at all myself.' ' When you left the beech tree where did you go r' Roy mused for a few seconds. 4 1 can't remember,' he answered. ' Try, my dear fellow, try. It is most im portant.' ' I might have gone towards toe Troutbeck, but I can't say. I seem to have lost my memory.' 4 You don't remember meeting the squire ?' No.' Itis possible that you may have done so ?' « I suppose it is, but I've no recollection of seeing him after eight o'clock. 1 You — you bore malice against the mur dered man ? I'm sorry to have to press this question, but it is necessary.' ' I must own to a deep reeling of hatred for liim upon that night, and — and I will not con ceal the fact from you, Charlton, T felt tempted to kill him. My mind must have been de ranged. I say I felt tempted to kill him, "but perhaps that is going too far. I was afraid that if we met and had words, I might do him Serious in j ury — perhaps kill him. ' Have you any reason for suspecting any body on the estate, with the exception of Peters ?' Roy thought for a moment. All at once he recalled certain words spoken by Horace concerning his brother. I remember Horace Glyde saying to me, " It T70uld have been a good thing if Edric had. never returned from Afghanistan," or words to that effect.' ' He said that, did he?' asked Charlton, eagerly. I recollect the words distinctly. But Horace can't be toe guilty man. I won't believe it of him, though he has no affection for his brother.' We can't say, Roy, we can't say. The brothers were evidently hostile to each other. Isn't it possible that they met and quarrelled, and that Horace stabbed the Captain t Roy made no reply. He sat gazing upon the ground. ' That speech of his is almost evidence enough to influence a jury,' continued Charlton, It be quite as likely to do so as Peter's drunken threat. Trust to me, Roy, I'll pull you torougli tins p&nifhl; ordeal, . Keep up your.: have confidence in me.'' . fY Prcssed hi3 friend? hand, fed smiled 1 « tr£ yu how,' eaid Charlton. wnen I have mode a disco veryyou shall know ax once ! and the 'batriaterlefrtoe cell Taking cab; he drove to a telegraph-office and despatched a message to a London detective, whose astuteness he had -had. reason- to prove up on. more than one occasion. Before eight the next morning, Mr. Ruffles, of Scotland yard, .alighted from in express at the Kendal station. Charlton was on toe platform. Lead- ing the detective to a waiting-room, he told him the details of the ease. Ruffles-stroked Ms chin as he listened;" now afel' again giving vent to an expressive Humph and: screwing up his" right: eye,, which was a habit of his when, deeply medita tive. ' It's aliout equally black, for all ike suspected parties,' he Baid when Ctarlton had concluded. 4 But, possibly, the crime was done by none of .the three. H-owthen do yon account for toe dagger ; being found in the woad? No one- but an inmate of the Grange could have gained access to the library where -toe knife was kept. You don't think Mr. Glyde committed suicide? 4 Hardly. I must see this Mr. Horace Glyde.' ' Not until' the day after - to-morrow. To morrow the funeral .takes place. -We must have some regard, for sentiment, even, in, a critical matter of this kind.' . _ 4 And while we are studying people; s feel ings, the criminal makes good Ms escape. No, I can't stand on ceremony in mv profession. I . shall sleep at Kirhy to-night, and attend toe burial to-morrow.' __ Well, if you think it best, it's not for me to hinder.' 4 1 must go to Kixby at once,' said Ruffles, decisively. ; A few hours later lie strolled into the bar of the 4 Fisherman's Arms,' at Kirby, dressed in a tweed fishing.suit. with a rod under his arm, and a travelling bag in his hand. He asked the landlady if she conld board him for a few- days,. as ho wished to try toe trout in toe neighbouring streams. Airs. Champ, who often . liad visitors in the shape of anglers, and pedes trian tourists, made Mm welcome and prepared Mm a dinner. She was naturally highly loqua cious concerning toe recent tragedy, and her customer proving an excellent listener, she spent a full hour in his room after dinner. He learned from her that Captain Glyde was no great favourite amongst Ms tenantry; but few persons suspected that he was paying his atten tions to Miss Traverser — for some reason or another he wished to keep it a secret. She : alwaysfancied that the tutor was courting the young lady, because they were so often to gether. In her opinion the butier was not the assassin, though things looked suspicious for him. She didn't like to charge it on any one, although she had her own opinion, wMch she wasn't going to disclose to anybody in case she made a mistake. She didn't mean to have her judgment called into question, if she knew it, There was Mrs. Poyntz, the housekeeper, passing the window, on her way to the post most likely. What times for Kirby to be sure ! What a good thing the poor old squire, God bless him, had never lived to see them. When she spoke of the post. Ruffles Sud denly remembered that he wanted some stamps, so be rose and went out to buy them. Mrs. Poyntz was talking to the postmistress. 4Poor Mr. Horace seems in a bad way,' she was saying. I can't get him to talk much, and he keeps on drinking brandy until I feel quite frightened for his inside. It's a sad blow for the poor young gentleman, though, between ourselves, Miss Chatterby, I think he's glad that he has come in for the nronertv. He save that he won't go in for soldiering now, but stop at Scar. There's just one thing I can't under stand. The library bureau looks to me as if it had been forced open. Last week I brought , the poor squire fifty pounds from toe bank, and ; it t!mB to me that Peters must have got into the house and burst open the lid of toe desk, where. I know the money was, because I saw Captain Glyde put it there. Ruffles, who had been dawdling near the door, playing with a puppy, and listening in tently meanwhile, strolled out of toe garden and up the street, with a shrewd twinkle in Ms eye. r Humph ! a burglary come to light now,' he muttered. Ruffles was not of the ordinary mechanical . order of criminal investigators. He was a man of education, and had adopted his vocation from an affection for it. He was a shrewd student of humen nature, and a dabbler in psy chology. Returning to the inn presumably for the purpose of fetcliiug his rod, he took it, and sauntered down to the Troutbeck, not to angle, but to indulge in an undisturbed cogitation. After sitting for an hour, he rose suddenly, clapped his hatffl. to his thigh and gave a low whistle. Whenever Ruffles whistled, he had Mt upon toe right line, in the same way that a true- nosed foxhound gives tongue when he has puzzled out a cold scent on a dry fallow. He walked back to toe inn, and sat with the par lour door ajar throughout the evening, listening to the rustics in the taproom as they discussed the all-absorbing topic of toe murder. One old labouring man spoke of Helen Traverner's mother. I mind what a bonnio lass t steward's wife wur when he brought her to Scar. Eh, an't' daughter taks weel after her. She wur strange woman though, wur t' mother, and given to low spirits. Died youngs too,, quite a lass.' 4 She'd lia' mad' a good wife would Miss Travener,rsaid the gamekeeper. 4T' servant at the Home Farm says that her mistress won't be at t' funeral to-morrow. Nerves too shaken, pair thing.' From force of habit Ruffles gave another of his low whistles. 4 They say that Peters is caught,' said . Mrs. Champ, who sat in a corner knitting a pair of stockings. ' Bowes, the carrier, heard it in Middleton.' 4 He's the man, for a fiver,' said Fawcus, the coachman, glancing round the room to see if . anyone wished to dispute the assertion. 4 Daen't think.he is, remarked Mrs.. Champ, sagaciously. Ruffles smiled, and, putting, oh his hat, walked up and down the room for a moment ; then left the house and went up the street. Meeting a hoy, he asked him where the village doctor lived. The hoy pointed in front of him. Ruffles rang the belL 4 Tell your master I wish to "see him on an important matter of business,' he said to the servant. 4 Ruffles — detective. Ruffles from Scotland-yard, tell him.' Dr. Bates was sitting in his study, indulging iu an after- dinner nap. Ruffles bowed and sat 'Ybu have come to investigate this horrible tragedy, I suppose ?' said the doctor. Yes; and I believe that I have already found a very strong clue. Were you here when Mrs. Traverner was alive? .... Yes, hut what has that to do with the case r' asked Dr. Bates. More tonn yon conjecture, perhaps. She ' was a melancholy woman ?' \- 4 She was at times/ Not insane, but still a person Who might have become so ?' " - Tory probably.' ' Have you "any reason to suspect her . daughter's sanity ?' : Not at all. But what are tou; driving at ? Stay ! light begins to; dawn. You can't tomlr that — — Good heavens, it's not. possible.' ' Will you kindly put on your hat and come with me to Miss Traverner ?' said Ruffles, calmly. 4 But, man afive! you don't" surely suspeid; her ? She was intensely attached" to Captain Glyde and his- affianced bride.' 4 As a medical man, you ought to know that that is precisely the reason why she wotdd ; be likely to kill him, if she were- afflicted with homicMal mania,' said Ruffles, with a smile. ' But I've known her all my life I've never detected the shadow of an uufavourable symp- tom. relative to her mental soundness, ' answered Dr. Bates. 4 Yery likely not". Perhaps insanity is not a special study of yours ; hut as it happens, ait is one of mine', said the detective.. The doctor frowned. Wha t a cool, zmpndBnt customer the fellow was! -He went for his hat, feeling seriously mortified that a Cockney detective should, have made this discovery, if discovery it was. It was infamous that this man should come and wrest a feather from Ms professional cap. 4 Iwon't place the least confidence in your power of keen- wittedness until I have thoroughly tested Miss Traverner's sanity,' he said, indignantly, -as they walked to the Home Farm. - 4 "Yery well,' said Ruffles. 4 1 have no desire to weigh my vague surmises against professional intuition.' Helen Traverner was in her bedroom. ; She had hardly quitted it since the night of the catastrophe. 4 How is Miss Helen V asked Dr. Bates ®£ Mr. Traverner. 4 In very lov spirits,' he replied glancing in quiringly at Ruffles. Ahem! Beg pardon; this is a gentleman connected with the Criminal Investigation Department, said the Doctor. 4 1 should like- to speak to you ia private, Traverner. Perhaps you will wait here, Mr. Ruffles?' Ruffles bowed and seated himself. 4 Let me see your daughter,' said Dr. Bates. ' I don't like this extreme dejection, though, of course, we can scarely wonder at it under the circumstances. ' Mr. Traverner knocked at Helen's door, and received no answer. ' Open it quickly,' said Dr. Bates. Helen was sitting by the open window. Her face was white as marble — beautiful, but fixed and stony. It was the strange look that Roy- had noticed a week ago. 4 Here is Dr. Bates, dear,' said Mr. Traverner, taking her hand. 4 1 don't want him,' she cried, rising to her feet, and pushing her father away. 4 She is worse, poor girl,' whispered Mr. Tra verner. I am your friend, my dear Miss Helen,' said Dr. Bates. 4 Will you not tell me what is the matter? You have something on your mind. Come, unburden yourself. 4 How do you know that I have ?' shrieked Helen. ' Ybu were not in the wood. Why do you come here questioning me ?' 4 What is that she says ?' exclaimed Mr. Tra verser, in an agony of dreadful suspicion. 4 Prepare yourself for had news, Traverner,' whispered the doctor. 4 Your daughter is mad.' With an. incoherent cry, the steward reeled to a chair, and, sitting down, covered his face with Ms hands. As he did so, Helen burst into a loud, wild laugh. 4 Mercy on us, toe fellow was right after all,' exclaimed the doctor. Charlton was in his hotel at Kendal, when the following note from Ruffles was handed to him Dear Sib, — You may set your client's mind at rest. The deed was done by poor Miss Tra verner, who is, I regret to say, suffering from acute melancholia and homicidal mania. J pur pose being with you to-day. ' J ohn Ruffles.' A few days later Harold Roy returned to Scar, intending to pack his belongings and to say good-bye to Horace before starting for Heidelberg, where he had decided to accept an engagement as English master in a school. Horace confessed to him that he had forced open the bureau. I was afraid that Edric would not give me sufficient means when toe place was; sold, and I wanted to see if he had any notes in the desk. I am heartily ashamed of myself,' he said. 4 Little did I think that while I was rifling Ms papers my poor brother was lying murdered. I can't stay at Scar, Roy. I can never be happy here. When the estate is sold, I shall go abroad.' Poor demented Helen Traverner was sent to a criminal lunatic asylum, where she still lies, hopelessly incurable. Roy saw her no more after the "evening when she stood in the library with her unfortunate lover. He left for Ger- many a saddened, silent man. — Pall MaU Bv.dgei, 