THE MERCURY. HOBART. MONDAY, Affairs, for, fill. ,-,, . L ;jtî rn 'A EPITOME OF NEWS. The Coogee and Pateena intake his trial of speed to-day on the ran from Launceston to Melbourney-';;';--;J.; < ', '''f:|.;L £2..'. ?,' Post office clerk named Stubbs arrested at Launceston, yesterday ;f9r.':stoaliug,a letter containing coin; h j 3l',r..ifc ,-,-[ .' t<i:):,'ir-;o ' A female passenger named Kennedy, died' had right leg. amongst jei|'ai¡,hlospíta^\\)óying¡'tó severe injuries, receivqd.fVoin, a falling tree' ! John Cameron and Joseph Turner,, two Melbourne sharpers',, have' been sentenced.' three years imprisonment Launceston for hotel robbery. ., Was { all V . ;?-- .?. _ '?'?? ????. ?"??}!?>.. view to offering , Searle has cabled to his'Sydney Marananga that he is now. pt and in hard training. )'nj](j j Press and public - clamouring in.Bqtlaad for instant' release of-: Mrs: ' Maybrick'from gaol. as". - '.'.->~;- ':?"'? -"list ,rfiii.tf-1-lllj j Swiss and German córapánles'.'^n'' combina- tion are likely to construct a railway Simplon Pass. ' "ex.,? > a ''seat near to' it j The Welsh Tithes Bill is, to' be referred to a committee during the next session of the Imperial Parliament. ".,...,,/, ,,.".,,.., ! steamer Maranoa. has 'Knocked hole in ' W.hull.at_!C¿'ektownt' butT is helping patched up for the run to Brisbane., t ,,. .,., r " j Victorian and South, Australian wines and 'agricultural.- produce) ^v^_ipi*iùnèd''go6d, prizes at the Paris Exhibition.. The British Govemment is" willing to lease. trade. with the United States Government for settlement of ttíé'Béhring':8ea;tóbeHes ''all'-' ' state. by V j . ?..,,.},,.,..j.-jl I Two young, men have, been killed, and apeaheraeriously injured pp*ntflwey'lb?ein (New South Wales.. jWbileltrying,to avoid one train they were'runinto by another.' 'Dwálérein1' -Ar¿ie¿ia^;'»re »alarmed''at1 sudden friendship displayed by the. Porte towards the lawless the mountain passes the Russian frontier i The old -.- and- well-jknown- iiiintereolonlal your, 'ending ) saw stayer: also much damaged. {Np&voe.Ioat.-.;,]^;;:)^ ?-.,- -...,? ii' ? 1 ! 11 1. and it. |,;,Jf flies annuöVeport'oftbtpiiaiùà(ï>'^ join as Pepys FfltwiomUWffîty' seasonable in the House of Assembly on Friday after Jorîiparj.imçprfes».' KffSAvág side' of things whiohí'denialíds.'the/careful íát&rrtio;íi; of Parliament." . On this opoasion/Çolqnel-^30E, has given more Swiss merchanting' reporting; !tía$,'e»nd^ óf/.'flíe deaf rector ihV presents organisation, has I eïpTSSëffthiïWeak joints itrouranriour, once into masterly way suggested how, they may be strengthened and the constitution of the forces under his command improved. We may not agree with aU'-W8 proposals, but must . ? " z o i '3 3 of 8 t x i I compliment him for his! suits {fcfeMtouJ ability display She raised: Of course ¡».»»ieoN* at thalHreugtbMthe ttfenipaM his iorí»iiconl!k|^bUvj^ri«KbA' ^ feeblyMwindliri|f'day by day" over the three years period of seftróénaB wxrnredpmen naTe-i^sed^-rtjamitioi and recruiting has been practically at standstill. According to the revised -Regulatiomrand-Orders issued in De timber 1887' the^tftal0" establish: inept," all branches and; all ranks ashore represent 1,119 men, exclusive of the small force W Permanent Artillery. At the present time the total strength is but 696, of which number only 462 qualified as efficient." for the year 1888 There are 1,459 men enrolled in the Rifle Clubs, but the Commanding Officer of that body plainly tells us that the clubs " would be useless as auxiliaries to the Defence Force for the want of trained officers and N.C. officers to lead them," and too Commandant declares that "the Force would be unmanageable in war time; and of little serviceàs at present constituted, for the actual defence of the country." 'All this is very unsatisfactory, and considering the large sums of money expended, in fortifies rations and permanent defences, it is eminently so. Of what use are the strongest forts of the finest guns, or' other, engines of war, without reliable body of Artillery to man the one and to work the others backed by a sufficiently powerful support of trained, Infantry?, We take i it for granted that in the original conception of, our defences, the "establishment" of the Defence F >rce proper was regulated with a due consideration to the permanent defences to be operated. " We know that 'the^teength^uthoiis^jm^jmnejoo. great, and when we find that, under the present system? little fibre than half that strength can be maintained, and even' that half not wholly efficient? j far evident (that a in the event] of attack our permanent defences would be likely to fail us.' "when,.' y,'! V in i I j i ii wAs to the reasons of the decline of "jthV military spirit; two' aged, ¿ven'by/ttíé | Commandant and reiterated throughout the report.! The first is the abolition of the animal camp of exercise the second that, payment; for a daylight training, during. the summer months'' is not universal throughout the Force.' ColonelL^Q(?E deprecates in the strangest", terms' the " striking; out of r the annual camp of six att exercise from the programme of ( military work," and he points out, very properly, that " it is simply a waste of effort to, try and 'teach troops field York, and the manifold, duties that must fall to their lot on service by a series 'of' monotonous 'night drills on the Barrack-square" He says, 'that, "I two-thirds of the night-drills could be done awaywith.if the men cabin be made to attend a short daylight J training in the summer, and subsequently have the advantage of four days ' under canvas to practice what' they had been taught previously in the' training, and when company officers would have an opportunity of learning to handle their companies in the field, as they ought' a The Southern Article lery and the Torpedo Corps have, at present, a short 'Jiafydj training every' year, and the result seems to be satisfactory, which is doubtless the reason for the CoMMANDANT desiring the, some privilege to be extended to the Northern Artillery and the Infantry' branch of the Service,: The cob 1 of such trains !ibg:,íór. the whole service , would only amount to a few hundreds of pounds per annum, ''and no doubt the gain would be very great both as regards strength and efficiency, especially of the n^p-commisèir/ned officers were required to pass a qualifying examination immediately after' the training lla the "services a rigid examination : of all ranks is now required at the end of the course, the ¡achejuVbelng drawn up especially by General officers commanding. ' We are glad to observe that Colonel fLboob lays stress on this matter, especially ('as regards the Artillery.) An effort was mwie'repentiy to 'assemble the Kiflff noon drills, but the Commandant tells us that the attempt w&9'ft'<faihW where ^re/manjriwhp f a'jínotí'affoí'd1üto ive!iip..haïf a day's wages to attend rifles and others wh. are I so often taken up with football~âna_T)thër ar^ùsekeni's,' that 'they will' 'riot come to drill unlessVome- satisfactory in-" increment is held out to! them 14 We' believe . this city W$$ MRS w amelernqntiin relations $puuw$tt>er fence Force to which Parliament should," give' due 'Weights' -"Military i i, 5s M ,]<-!; iIji IP. in. li his J, tactid8'ihave beenicompleHyJwterod during the past few years owing to the advance made with 'arrives ofj^ecjsiob and,, long, range, ,tfiaAhe\Mgtíé8j»i authorities lay great stress is upon the necessity " for the a careful practical training of the soldier an ordinary J times, by those whose duty it will be tenderers' his fires and 'lead him in action This can only be' done in the field, and under) the nearest possible approach to the conditions of, actual warfare. u Withinjthelasfcfew.mpntn's' EI < new edition of the drills book as been, issued, the movements have all been simplified. But, about weeks'' course of field training has been prescribed) which every' soldier 'press quired to, pass annually to render him fit for the duties likely to be imposed upon him in" war.' Such 'a lengthy training could not be expected from a Force > constituted as our own, nor would it be necessary. A modified (training off week or 10 days would be all that is required for a force not likely to be sent campaigning for lengthened periods. This' training is, however, essential whether prisoner unpaid-==and" without it, as the CoHr mandant so forcibly says, all our Barrack square work is "simply a waste of effort." x 4 The Commandant dwells with much force upon the necessity iona Mounted Rifle Corps, which forms so prominent S' feature in the organisations of-other colonies, and he speaks in the highest terms of the usefulness of this. force at the recent camp of; exercise at Vic tons. He estimates one mounted. rifleman as worth three dismounted men, -, whilst " the value of a service bridle and pair of leggings," repre sends the difference asbestos between the one and the other. He says that " great mobility and celerity of movement, both in' scouting, reconnoitring, and conducting a i fight, sçeedy information of an enemy's movements and power of harassing 'his , ' UZ/lirtu Very j i ii) I 'i fiuniiT unwisely 1 used civiL Salvation or retreat, are a|»6og\tíj|. otíaracteristics'Éfcthis sea^keTOuh^ destined to exercise also witüh influence on modern i warfare," and be says, further -li dopreeata,*troDgiyt pulling off any longer tneibrgáiiisation -ofa company ' It it werff^possible to -Bectrre~tne services of ~a-troop-of" mounted infantry in connection with the Defence Force, there can be no doubt about tho"valueT)f the Henrico of, matches body but! past experience does not altogether bear out the Commandant's x anticipations ' Twice' in the history of our Defence move 'ment haVe such corps been enrolled adiequipjW at, considerable expense, and in each instance they have fallen to pieces within a few months of their enrolment This ¡ has not been from want of energy or liberality on the part of the officers, but rather front the uncertain nature of the, private employment of many of the young fellows who joined, causing them within? a few months to 1 dispose of their, horse? or to leave their districts or. the colony Should another troop be formed great care would have to be exercised regarding enlistment, to see that those accepted"! were i likely to be' permanent residents ' ' , | We need not Follow the Commandant through his>idetailed report on the various branches of the service All are more or less in an unsatisfactory state, Which is.jaccounted^for^ by the two specific reasons given above, i so that one of two things appears inevitable. Either Parliament, must agree to provide for the paid annual training of all ranks and a { camp off exercise, or recourse, must be had to a complete reorganisation, probably on a purely voluntary basis Here is one? omission in out regulations whichjimght be made good with advantage, and which would throw a greater responsibility upon company officers We, refer to the fact that there -was provision for the disbandment of companies on diminution of strength, or absence of efficiency " The estate lishment " strength is, for Batteries of Artillery and the a Torpedo Corps, each 75 méíL^foif \ Infantry Companies, each 50 men If a regulation were introduced by which the, GovERNOR iN CouNCíil should be bound immediately, 0 to j disband any Battery, Corps, or Company which failed, in any quarter, to return at had two thirds of a its strength, in "efficient," we believe that there would (soon he a marked improvement in the force, because Company officers,) and the members of the Corps waaia feel their reputation and credit at stake in the maintenance, of] their companies It may be said that this would be unfair to zealous 'Members who were "somewhat" ;ibu1J'ltni8' need not necessarily be the case, as such men could be drafted to (Other corn- comes to complete their strengthener attached to them as supernumeraries In any case the public have a right to expect a reasonable amount of efficiency for the money expended, and when any portion of the force falls below a reasonable standard, the sooner iii is disbanded the better I | ¡The^mma^t entjrá0y'eiy four, into tX^uOondition, of the permanent defences of, for rivers Derwent t and Tamar, and makes some admirable suggestions for their (improvement, and he incidentally i refers to the proposed defences of the Northern ports of Formby and Emu Bay, We cannot deal with this part of the report at the present article further than to say. that with our extended seaboard, the question of coast defence 18 a very important one, and was mainly associated with the voluntary branch of the service, the Rifle Clubs The new Defence Bill dealing with a proposed reorganisation of this body, to which we shall refer hereafter, and endeavour, to show" how they may be utilised for the protection of our ex refused seaboard i y The ' supermen of ammunition, is cliff that utmost unportance,uan,d ''on ' this point the Report is not answering cape CoMMANDA^t'say? - i There is no ammunition avail liable for service beyond the equipment Japs each gun and rifle as the supplies fpr_practicejind small arms firing ore drive uppÄOSi-BRCfl as they are re-, ceived" He suggests that there? " 8houla1b>VVPWíé^rl«tó;ve,/óf at least 300 rounds shuffle and 100 rounds a^gun/änd'that 50,000 rounds of extra S A. ambjiihitidn should be Ordered ,annuaUy,"uqy a proper fe services accumulated q-ThieuB Second' Mrs, jÇlr studio 'nears 'for the finery torn find a na j without is a spare "showing the locker" It will be too M&j-;'áfte^3,war has been declared, its think' lofV ordering ammunition from England and in emergency', woefully! ifyt<aepenä, upon borrowing from the neighbouring colonies Until a colonial 'aimnuhitioïi factory can be established, it is there fore if the utmost importance that (may supplies should be)Cniaintainedf The want of field equipment-re-dwelt tipohJ)^ the CommandANt, who says there are no ammunition carts? »atercarfoor transport wagons/or com wistaria, and the force at present, ' is ordered on active service, has not the necessary equipment to go into with." 22' The acquirement' of leveral'Maxtm -guns-Í8-alsov strongly .©commended;;,the Commandant we Harding one of fleer gilds as a fair relapse" against a, barr company of men timed witfrrepeating^rifles or cream pahy'witHMarrink'^J1Tte,rèportrwill( the Defence Vote comes before Come mittee-of-'Supply;-and~we-commend Colonel Legge a staggered to the most , I I I I , -y seems to be hoped that the'Hobart'Hospital ji|l(l^lli;,'l)e rjifly($nd ¿mMfyiceiuWdia^ cases in the " Assembly.,,, We. sayings, j I because we know that at times a things are ¡taken-for'granted,which''should'not be,'! kuid^tliaï^^en^tWe^is;"',;«.',^ &f; W Ion,,, an institution >, changes take, ',, apt Itóijiíbef made in Chester i works: are Lepen ted of at leisure' ,<Now,ifWe^ Lay that there must be a very strong' Very peculiar, case indeed, to warrant a striking , Bnxp^Qu.fboing^made in, regard to the Hobart Hospital from all the other HufapHttlsr of the ?¡colony.'.j./We ; could understand, readily enough, that it was dressed" ' Vic-'', beat ;dc*u;ábf is' that I Hospitals Board; should, be active, provided that suitable constituencies could be found, but we are quite unable to^aiscóVer'wtiy.a com Wete^bau^ls^W Hospital fjpnç,d;ili tiie.j^uAnagemept of the Hobart Hc«rjrtUürj^c*UJPbad,:which'hasi ' been by no mesÄ':^p»vedV- or attempted viinr.'jiz than half years Jjufi ujyi.'ni.O 'JO H'dhi cloth or of stoJifl/v<vao-)Oi .HiJH/MO íaílIDOJíI 0 proved, it would, of course he prefers to make a change, and ÏdioasVono is necessary, but it does not llqji^that the change should be such a flying one as that wHich will place this Hospital on a different basis from that of any other in the colony. The only_disjinot. _ch»rge_yfi«ich we have seen formulated is, that the cost per bed is greater in Hobart than elsewhere, but it remains to be seen; whether there are special reasons for. this, find whether the change proposed is likely to reduce the expenses These are all matters which require to be very fully discussed and proved, before such a Bill oiHliutt brought in tax be allowed to pass, and a curiously mixed constituency conaUtutod, which "kinky lead to even fan waste. results in the other colonies the honorary officers are elected by subscribers to the Hospitals, and tore the subscribers,, if there should happen to be any, are to be utterly swamped by voters who do not subscribe For weather there ought to be very strong i reasons [Another subject which should be fully discussed by the Assembly is that of the Ragged Schools)' which the Ministry proposes to abolish in 'a,'light'hearted sort of fashion. Apart from the name, which is not a, pleasant one though it, is no, doubt, representative unfortunate ' fact it seems vex) us J that these a schools, are not only doing good work but work, which requires very much to be done in every community, unhappily, there are children who are outside even the Very liberal school provision that has been made by the State Even in Victoria, where there is free education, what are called the 'gutter Children are very numerous, so numerous, idea, that they have' been the subject of many philanthropic schemes, and. of many leading articles, showing that the State has not provided for the (year children that most require its care In this colony a similar state of affairs . exists, but on a smaller Beale, and we think that great credit is due th those who have made it their business to find these children her clothes and educational Probably, many of the parents could, provide for the children if they chose to do so, but they do not choose, and it would be, as fooHahaa inhumane to allow the children, to perish, in order to «ecureaBecnnngu.iiforuiityiuState education. At a matter of fact, it would be cruel to send some of these, unfortunate ones to the State Schools, for their Ii Ves "would be made a burden to them, owing to'their'not being clothed like their fellows. ?" Boys and 5 girls, even in Sunday Schools, are, not very tolerant of those who'&W;è'dressetf below the general level, to that it is «asyjtojjueaswhat would happen if ragged children were sent to a State, school, «n^xwliat,|«orlt,9f action they,. wpuMhave.,, As for the, ^oaphingyin the; Ragged. Schools, was just as good as it was d be, and what is more, is adapted to the children to light ' certificates are all very well in their way, but kindly,' i/ytopatllotlol that ' most of the unfortunate and the vicious; is wine «¡''whole1'wilderness of these teats animals. 1 , THE confessions which have to be made from time to time relative to the condition of the Lands and Works Department; are sufficient comment on the way in which it was managed by the gentleman whom Ministers delight to honour. On Thursday last Mr. Pillinger found it necessary rto]conf«srthat he had lost the services , of several good officers, who, had gone away to obtain higher salaries elsewhere. This is one of the many results of the rule of thumb pro* readings! of a, short time ago, and, others bavealreadybeen referred to. Even now, though Mr. Pillinger appears anxious to do his best, complaints are 'made as to the way in which offices are filled up, it being asserted that appointments do not go according to merit. A recent appointment of a draughtsman in the Survey Department, has given much dissatisfaction, became it is believed that the one chosen had not credentials , equal to those possessed by some others j who were rejected. Our information goes to show that the less qualified man was the chosen one, and it would be well that same further information should, be given on this point. Certainly, the Department does, not at all warrant what has been stated about the efficiency of its late head, who appears to have had a very happy-go-lucky way of proceeding. __^_^_____ ' / I Vice Regal -Lady Hamilton will not be at home at Government House this after I noon, 26th inst i Telegraphic - The following message was received at the Telegraph Office from South Australia on Saturday - elephant Point notifies Saigon line restored ' Canton , notifies line to Swatow interrupted!' j 1 J The Main Line -A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday morning the whole of the Ministers being present Messrs Sperghtand Back were in attendance, and it is understood that the basis upon which negotiations for'thopurchoseif the Main Line Co could be& be opened Was discussed at length- "As far as we are able to learn at present no definite course was decided upon Messrs Speight and Back roturnebT'to launceston by special train yesterday afternoon T SOÁb A'bVTlílííní-AVeatimHtoof receipts' I [s^linendlluVe as a? JrW 1892, MerE She Scab Act Baisden prepared by Mr T A Tabart, the Chief Inspector, rtnd'lfild'beförb {horEegislature The figures ariaiioua^tj \- Receipts estimated balance at credit,. of January. 1896, £300 contribution Joi'one i.âOO.OOO shopping IS Lxpoudituro''TT _ , £1.27 deformed; no vision for payment of assistant inspectors at Hobart, Launceston, audJToimby, £120 , stationery and' advertising £15, miscellaneous charges,' £100,1 clerical «.SHistsncçr, £50., estimated credit balance, 1st January, 1891, Q&>x Total' l,7/ 2 r X (T Tenders Accepted The following tc|f j ders hqVe Ixion 1 accepted,, by the Public Works Department,-r-Roadr Black River to Coote Creek, contract 2, P Carroll, £143 5s 8d , mailboats SHeffield, deviation of Sheffield road, at Turnbull s Hills contract 1, E: Townshend, 2775 7a Id,,' Donnelly road, contract 1, J Doody; £187 6s Id, road from Upper Mountain, River Bridge through Schmidt's fo Walton's Track, parts and 2, contract 1, Messrs Jessen and Bed, £67 15s. 6d Frankford to Heide) berg, via Kermode contract 2, J Reston, £162 8s. 3d j proved connecting Springfield with .~ . - . . tooma jetty at Quiet Corner,'! Adventure Bay, Gray, Bros , £50 2lbs 6d, erection, of teachers residence, State school, White, Hills, J Batten, 24ft . repairs, State school premises, Brighton, B Walmer, £00, General Hospital, Launceston, 6 cast iron mantelpieces, Peter and Saul, £22 12s the whole L ' ! On the Eddystone The original paint rugby Mr W L Wyllie, ARA. bearing this title, has been reproduced in miniature chromotype for the Orient Co and forms an attractive backing to their official list of steamers and names of principal agents Issued In card form The picture shows the St M S S Ormuz steaming up the English Channel just after having passed the Eddystone Lighthouse, and the noble craft appears to her best advantage as she heads for Plymouth Sound to deliver mails and jpsiserngere Messrs Macfarlane Bros send us a copy , DiATir on 8ittrsÖAkb -A gloom was cast? over the HIs SIS ',<»ptip>n, Saturday by the destitute W-nÄrriingWone of the female passengers The poor woman, Kennedy by name, on the 11th inst 7 at sea, gave birth to a child, which died after three days, and her own weak state colony rated in stoppage of the heart's action (The deceased and her husband were steerage passengers for Brisbane Mollet Fishing The disciples of Isaac Walton were busy yesterday at Bridgewater, where baskets of mullet from two to seven dozen were-made, and during the past week votaries of the sport there have made equally good hauls t, s , s g Arequipa -The annual meeting of the Brighton Racing Club is fixed, (or the 3rd I I i, I I i 1 Duffell! COST YOU I 11 I I I V I 1, J I I t in iii I j i over Comix Brothuu Minstukl and But LEaguE. Comi'ANt.-This combination coo elude a most successful season in Lean season to-night. To-morrow night they vials Campbell Town, and arrive here on Wednesday morning, opening the same night at the Theatre Royal. This company is a very strongest, numbering 30 artistes, meet of them being pronounced Melbourne and. Sydney favourite. Cogill, Brothers in acknowledged by the entire Press of Aust stalls as the best all-round comedians and. dancers that have yet visited us. Miss Ada E Walker in a remarkably fine soprano with a well cultured voice. The Ryans are very clever change artists and dancers, their neat' Classes (being greatly admired Alfred Holland is the possessor of one of the best baritone voices- heard in the colonise. Miu'Pollio Robertson is a pleasing soprano,, who sings a. horse very pretty ballads g ; Charles Fining is a epmedianiwitn, a good Sydney and Melbourne reputation,' his Tyroloan,jpdeling8, whistling, and quaint style of , humour being highly spoken of Miss Fanny Saroni is a very clever soubrette. : who sings and dances well. One of the strongest acts in the programme is that of Prove the equilibrists and juggler. This- artiste had created quite a sensation all over the colonies, the manner in which, he balances a lighted lamps, plated, bottles; and juggles bSHs.nknive», swords, are,- being i simply washing, Cogill Bros, are famed for the first part are the theme of, general, admirar tin. The box plan is at Susmsu'a,' Tickets for all parts of the house can be had at [Aldred's. TASMANIA'S PuOtOORAl-IlÎCANI> Akes AlSO oiKtion.-Two years ago Messrs. E. R. Ash' and N Oldham set about the formation of this association, without any idea as to the wIde success which was to crown their under taking; Commencing with Mr. J. F.,Echllnas secretary and some four or five other mem- before the association has grown month by month, until it now numbers 6aty with His Excellency the Governor at patron, Sir Lambert Dobson, and the Hon. Dr. Agnew as vice-patrons, and Mr. Russell Young as president. Up to this date the association has given two public demonstrations of j to work',, both of which drew crowded audiences, and Remembers' meetings at which photographic, artistic, and scientific, topics have been discussed. Having gained a higher position at the Melbourne exhibition than all other colonial associations, it now. holds an important place in photographic" art' soul in order that its capabilities may be better known among the outside world, the committee has decided to give if public demonstration and exhibition, in the Town Hall on September 18 and' 19 next. An, art bazaars will be held at the same time, and an advertisement appears in this day's issue informing donors' where to send their contributions. c '" Y.M.CA'..-^ Members', of this, association held their usual Gospel temporaries meeting' on, Saturday last, when Mr. L Lodge occupied the chair, and in a concise manner showed that, though it wai''often'stated that law/would not make people. Bob river this was incorrect, for here in-Hobart it was admitted that several houses had been. closed. by law, and the purdie 'were the better for having those houses 'being closed, for by the clpeirjg'of such houses It was rcaeonabre't« revolting from the, temptation of the open door of the public-house, and', stating, that the tennperaaoe-neople bail long-enough tried to keep the drunkards from drink, but it was now state' that they tried to keep-the drink from the drunkards The usual in 1 ter eating programme was gone through, and at the close of the meeting the usual announcements were made, the meeting finally closing with the Benediction. " It is announced in our advertising columns that this association have decided to hold their usual annual public tea and concert in the Town Hall to-morrow night We understand that this oelobration^uubacribed for by a number of the ladies of Hobart; and everything! is, therefore, likely to be done to the boat styles The after entertainment, too, judging from the programme arranged, promises to attract a large audience, , ¡ j L L, IPbee Organ Recital at Town Hall. Mr. Hamilton Maynard, organist and choir-' master at St. David's Cathedral, gives a free' recital this evening on the Town Hall organ. The programmers very attractive one of 13 num ers includes the Tanhausor moron, operatic > selection (f. Crown diamonds"), I The Turkish Patrol", overture (Zampa),, and other equally beautiful works of popular, composers, which will give Mr. Maynard opportunity of displaying alike the qualities of the organ and his own ability as player. The recital will commence. at 3 o'clock., and is timed to conclude at ', half post '6. Mr ; Maynard intended giving his' recital some weeks ago but at the request, of the Mftvordefen-ud.it until the close of the Milk Shakespearian season. ¡SenipfjNkw<mstle! SoEOLARHmi's^r-An ejcairnlnaiion for J u a scholarship,- of. | this character will; be, held at the, Hutchins School next, month. M Candidates must have lodged their names prior to, or, do so during to-day. As in a GoodjTemi'Labism.- A. meeting in connection with ,th,6 Temperance- Crusade will beheld by the, Diamond, Lodge I.O.G.T., this evening, in the schoolroom Harrington street. -His first /;.'#:-ui i I Ciyyj_PpMCE Court. Before the Police Magistrate on Saturday, John and Susan Desmond and.lBBiiIylKctherton_woro each fined 10sr8dror 14 days for disturbing the peace on Friday instant now I HosPITAL ~Iiï5M.-f-"A boy named, George Blafnmer/'age'd 4, J from wedge Bay, was admitted to the General "Hospital on Satur ilkyi'siîffering from s.tern aríd' brushed log, injuries"reocivbd,While, felling a, tree on" Saturday's midday: The laccràtlbVwdsJ persevere íhat'arhpirtatioñ at the rhjhlf'kho'c' ably absent" The jht was in a very low condition. BOmVCfO'.AiWAJÍDAKINpV MlNSTnEIiirJAB instancing) the many tricks, of Melbourne thieves,- who Herald publishes the following,. c V .cojuürweij y oong rogue, named, Ueafgej Watson, with a perfect catalogue of aliases, was charged, at the City Court on a recent morning, with stealing, a suit, of clothes and, a pair of ,boors',^tr7o,^yer{y'W Henry ' Hunter,'a'yoHing^mí^'tíf the musicolr'pro-> fession;' who 'entertains' the public to gratuitous selections on- sharps The prose ojulrasaid Jhat'çnxtljç righting the depths Ireland six others ?' turned " together in a, bedroom at the Ballarat) Restaurant, the' prisoner being one of the party,,- He took is clothes off and hung them up carefully nsthï/JçorjSibufc when 300 .V.oko"jii,tJ(o morning! every stitch" belonging to him was gou^.ùicludiug-hu-booUj the lot-valued-at £4. The" "prisoner" was in bed, evidently sound.aslñpr.'Afiíihí.-.óflierjO-tt-CrtC: out, leaving him to fare as" best" he could, his harp being the only' thing left -W cover Wind. He had to stay in, bed all (day, , losing his' day's takings'pn'thè'streblii' and by the time he was able to' borrow a pair of nether garments of over a soothsayer? and gets don't re' portiiis'lbss,-' 'h6 'Was Very 'hungry. ' ' JiOrf evening Constable TucJtor-/fotorid''thb/-thilif SromouadirJtí in his .'bdrrowbd "'J plurrfca. i ourko-s*-* -'-J ?'iJ-'-t-1 *-"- ¿-"--rz taurant, 7 sjiumndëfl,'-Mr. Call, thought lt'^w]asVh]yqt drü theW, depriving'tho- prosccuior,' at only I A Magnificent Ballardie sheet At the Annya) meeting of shareholders of the Melbourne Tramway and omnibuses,. held last "a' " ' ^sentedjiljp^red'fhojpfoflt.i mi carried forward,, c -"-J --2-- j formation of freehold properties, amounted /to ,£197,389, 10s. 6d, From this four quarterly, dividends; of 3 per cent have, been paid, absorbing a total of £30,000, leaving the amount to the disposed of £l67i389 Kia 9d ,, Wm proposed, to apply this amount, by the transfer of the amount realised from properties to the, reserve fund, dividend of 6 f per share, £100,000,,, and thus carry forward Ence of,,, £10,093,, >. 6d ft handed to make a further issue of 5000 shares without premium to the mere 9 of the company in proportion to, their present interest-Myphree new shares, to every five now held to be allotted on application and payment of 10s. 5 per snarerjJ _,-^-,v 7, swam the tramway employees, absorbed ' an aggregate of 283 4s 8d In the balance-sheet the principal items are freehold properties in the different suburbs,' ''and in the city, 219 939, goodwill, £50,000 ; horses,'£0,370, office furniture bell punches and stationery £12,7 42 14s. 10d , rollingstockuudmateriaf, £210,014 ; while the tramway debenture interest and sinking fund stands at £100 382, the total assets being! '£fl.34,5tó 139, ed In the profit and loss account the principal items of expenditure include feed,^£24,U7,)law< costs, £3,314; management/£21,801 re pairs,!- maintenance and depreciation, ¡155,701 ; tramway debenture interest and sinking fund, £75,017, wages, £135,476} willie the necessary allowances are matta for depreciation, the total being £379,379 2s 6d. The principal items in the income ore Geo J v¡jr-n it in I j i 17 financial those of the traffic receipts, which amount to the enormous sum of £520,588 8s. 4d., the total income, including the balance carried forward, U 1,007, being £540,708 19s. 2d. The Thane or Fine-Loudon correspondents of Melbourne papers are publishing the anatomy of events h hich tod to the matrimonial union of the Duke of Fife and the Princess Louise of Wales,- aged" respecting lively 43 and 21. 'They state that the .Prjnçcss>fcll in love with falls Gracey She was attached to him for some considerable time, but it was only lately that he reciprocal- . cited the feeling. " Now, I however,. he ,, is devoted to her." " Bohemian," - ' In "the Herald - remarks is There is '? late Is for read remark credited to the Scottish" by Government in thrjTndôFilaysi'wheu it was sought to bring about by intimidation a line" UralllancebetwèënA/iglolCaledoiiUuiîiouBi' that it was not the match that they dialUjfe,.. so much as the manner of wooing., History,' I I repeats! itself, and the narrowest domestic, experience shows' that when a man's heart - has to be ensnared against his will his ma tnm.oniala.dbfsipp U likely to Wor every.,, delegate character,' Apipan who has lived to be, 43. without getting married is usually, DO tyro in love affairs, she has been words boldly, timidly, tearfully,, shyly, by. direction assault) by suggestion, by implication; the case of attack and by innuendo. When be succumbs I he merely accepts the inevitable, much as in may lay down and die, in comfort oil in tribulation according to the manner of his dying, and it is all I a toss up as to the Vf life to come iDr.'King,'t|í¿ dear old Bishop!; of Lincoln, who was lately 'acbuaed'-'of1 wedlock the young Duke, of Portland and Miss Dallas-Yorke,,,and on that occasion £ i»W^lYeJy>>ldlthom that alUhek.grea»... riches and their high station would never calls) them happy if they could not sincerely _ love each other, annually for each other." I i I r I I f Angels and Ministers or Grace Dixon find us" The Melbourne Standard reports that just before 1 o'clock on the morning of, the 12th Inst.' a young named Alfred Torpey was proceeding along Bay-street Port Mel-' * l30urne,'wnen< Hel was astóáisha-td sees few yards ahead of him; a female form ' shrouded in white. After invoking 'ranges' and ministers of other i to-defend humans ," did the next best valiant thing, and, sent for the Port Melbourne watch,- j, house. " ' Informing Constable Connelly, ' they sailed forth, and saw the Btimo abroad-" ' a, nation standing opposite the CbequerVlnnlOIl Retaining their valorous discretion they., watched the movement of the object',' works, at dering whether ghosts cot thirsty or not. ,Tlieobje«tr settled their doubts interesting the road and proceeding up thcother^hle» of! Bay-street until arriving at the Prince., ; Alfred Hotel. Here the appeal tion was a. board to heave a sigh, and the patient A J watcher«,concluded that it was disappointed,, at! finding the hotels in, the Port cleared. 6 The object then turned, and the watchers, ' whose nerves were on extreme tension, were about to make a hasty retrograde movement likewise ; but, to their intense delight, the object Stumbled. 'Hoeing it in the action" Taping,' the constable's Innate gallantry at-' l! ance evinced itself, and he caught hold of ?' - it and discovered that it was a substantial ~ reality, as it gave a little scream in a High ' « 1 kay, denoting that it was a woman. It was ascertained that the " object ',', was a young married lady, diving in Raglan-street.- She,, we in a state of somnambulism, had got cities bad, in her night attire',, and had, taken,. a ' walk. The constable at once took off his,' r coat and wrapped it round the lady and saw, ' her home. Unfortunately, the lady bal- been subject to fits since she was )? years of'' age and, her husband being I at present ' laway, she has no- one to control her actions, a when the fits come on. Fortunately, beyond; a I slight cold, the lady was none the worse;,?, for her nocturnal patrol]. moOcH 