IRoweltelV 1 1 The Midnight Prdpih'eey j ; .gEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. . Jly Emriitt Garrison of ones. | CHAPTER XL1X. j ' | ' LADY rEAIlL HAS AX AUVEXTCUK;: i Lady Neville u-asl slightly indisposed, . ! ind the earl Jiad gono to .Lancaster in ; regard to business matters, he said ; but I :or 110 .other reason, as his sister very * -well knew but to visit the Lancaster Slaur Asylum, and make arrangemfcnts . to. '?retry out his insani intentions ;fj which. mo doubt, was tne sole cause or liter: lady-. ' iliip's indisposition ;[ for ; slie' locl'ed licr ? i«lf ' in her ^chamber, . and spent tlfB ' : forenoon 'pacing up and down like an ' suraged tigress, wishing sihcertpy| that ihc had the power td consign iieribrother . - 1 10 the tender mercies of a liuul-h^lise, as alie had dono his V'ife. 4 | \- -Meanwhile the countess took k fancy / j to drive to tfie riuns of an old: castlo i lomewhere amid -the highlands, mid near. ! which was a noted cavern. fi I ; So the ponj'-phaeton was brought; out, i rod a basket of sandwiches, anditiyo or. ? 1 1 three bottles of chajnpagne packed under I the Beat, and Lady Marguerite anil Sir : l.ayard summoned to accompany her. \- Lady Marguerite iwas not at all? averse ;:o going, and the baronet would [have . i followed anywhere in the wakejjof the -/countess;. her goil attracted lamias a : magnet attracts stedl. 1 : The day was iine|in the fbror.Ounj'arid .their drive. was (juitp pleasant, and! they , found the .ohl ruins [grand and picturesque . beyond all description. - yhb co'un tea--, ? who was quite a traveller in her way, was especially delightedl -j ??'What a cfianiiin:? old place!!' she cried, as they sat Sin a dim old fihiipcl, . .with fretted ceiling and stained windows, lipping their chaiu]jague ; '-and since 1 ' come to remember n, you used Uii bo an . artist, Sir Bayard,'! she added, .taming \- upon the baronet ;?!' how is it wo see none of your work slo w !' ? - . The baronet blushed like a girl, ai.d j''1. stammered in Jire confusion. ' Ll. f .-'Pshaw!' ejaculated tho countess', ' what arc youJilufhing about ? ^detest hasliful incu ; - if jjiu have a talgiit for anything 'tis nothing to he ashaunkl of.' ? Sir Bayard managed te .get ilia: voice, .but it quavered dreadfully. IJ«f did ? ?well— I.c used to sketch a long wliilo ago '-^-wheii lie was travelling— but — P ' ' Xo huts about it,' said tho diwagcr.' ' iVii're not so cle Vjer that you need to drop your accbinplishments— I'd dike .to (live a sketch of these ruins— so -ilo ybu lurcbase materials fin Perth, and we'll . ? drive over again in U few days, and you shall mako a sketchlfor me.' * , The baronet bowed in silence, bht his face looked like tliejface of a condemned criminal. The countess stared in Samazc went. . i i1 ? 'WiiaVii the matter?' slieicried; ' one minute you're as. red as a riio, and the next as white as a ghost. Are vou -11 V' , I , , -Sir Bayafd ikaa not rpiite well ; jlie had ? been troubled with dizziness for aiiluy or two.- Ife would walk about a little ; it would soon wear pif. Accordingly, ho strolled off in: onel flireelion,. nng Lady Marguerite, watching her oppoijiinity, , ilisapjieared' in another ; the cdjiiitess, 1'. mruiing ill tlio cliupel, to rest ibersulf . il l (i'lisii h.ercliainjragne. ' ; I - ' flow the poor girl does deteal.him ?' ?lie murhiured ' and I don't wonder lit it much, Ilsyard :-Urompton'» it: -|ueer fellow some way— lie's got a. H'r.rnt ilmt troubles him. I wonder wiiat it is? Rut ?o matter,' she added, turning Ihtclf : to ser champagne, 'die's one of iny own race, and she shall marry Iiini— it iiiuy be ihe ineam of saving iiiin from disgrace ind ruin,' V . Meanwhile, Lady Marguurite made her. way through tho iiiou'deiing wiillsi of tho ijdcostlu, and out of tho warm, summer lir. The clouds were gathering: in the .veil, hut the sun. still shone, and the sreezo was sWeetaud fresh, Hlie strolled lown the ruiiied avenue, buui-atli the vhisperiiig lir brsiielies, slid out into tliu (rcen, open ji irk. Tim prospect around Her Wd« ludeiuribabjy grand and be niti (ill. (Jii one iiand toweled the bold, bleak valleys, nnd How ami llicn lliu llitt. ring gleam of mine mountain lake, 'ind fur below Hashed i |,o spires of Perth ? sud distaiitJJuudeu. Tho re was n fallen Maine near at hand, s tnyderu Anotlo, half imbsdilrd in tlm rank grass, his lyre broken, and all bis . joddike bcauly fulling to iloesy: Lady I'earl sealed Ju-rsell upon this fallen go d, sud leaning bar lovely brnw rui her hand, gazed out upon llie glorious summer . team's willi oad, sad ties, Hu young, ind yet so utterly miserable I 'J'lui very sunlight seemed to fall upon her bowed head, willi its crowd of silken gold In pitying tundrrneiii. ~Hhe wus thinking. of tho baronet, lliii man who .was to ha tier husband, wonder* / tag why It was that his very presence in* It \ . -a& spired her.', with wuch j llisgust, And I nvoisionl SH i could not Ihbar i to be. in tiie same room with him, alui yet iu tlirco ! short months t ho would bd his wife ! I cannot, !' sho murmured, : tho silent tears falling o\ or her cheeks. - ' Suroly (? nd will let mi dio and escape it. Poor papa, I- would ;ivc my lifoj to plcaso and comfort him, but 1 can never bo that man's wife.' I I And then hen- fancy, by ai sudden and capricious Ira lsition, recalled anothur faee, a'.handamio, manly | face, lit -by bright brown eyes. Podrj little Pearl sighed, and a i ivid red Huslicd her waxen cheeks.. She was an carl's [daughter, yet she was ipiitp as full of idle | fancies, and siilv, girlish drbanis, as-!tho humblest peasant girl upiuu her father's domains. Sho sat thero.in the old park, on the fallen'statHO of Apollo, dreaming in the bl ight sum melt sunshine, and always in licr dreaming those bright! brown eyes were ; present;! '? Foolish, i foolish' little I'cail I j || ! ..Tho sound of an approaeliing footstep startled her, and she sprang 'hip,' in haste to fly ba.ck and escape an interview. with Sir JJayard ; lijut she met face to.faco not Sir Bayard, bjt Captain Fossbrooke. He boivod with cilurtly grace, ! tihat pleasant smile ? of i ' hislinaking hisii |browu oyes irro3istiblc. [Lady* Marguerite flushed like a rose, in lier embarrassment. ?' I beg you pardon, Lady llarguorite,' said the. . -Cnpnin; ' but you wero just what I noedod to make tny sketch perfect' —ho pointed towards! his [portfolio and drawing materials, which, lay a ' few feet distant--' aud my patron saint sent you to sit oh tho fallen Apollo!. ? Will you lool;. at lily ski tell . ij i . La.ly jfiirgi; eritcvfollowed jinn, and ho laid before her, with pardoiiablc pride, a masterly [sketch of tlio hoary -old rums, and of the gre ;n park, withili'crself seated on the fallen l larble, and tho] bold peaks, anil the rolling highlands in! the distance. ' Why, wlnTt an artist yoii are, Captain ?Fossbrooke,'' i ho said, simply!. ' I never saw anything so perfect. Hbw.it would delight the cot ntess.' i; I ? ' Do you think so? Theu the countess must sec it,' smiled the captain.: Ho took up h'is .portfolio', and they walked on side by side. . n 11 1 did not ilreahi of such,a| pleasure as meeting your ladyship,' he said.; ' When I came out to sketch— this;| morning 1 thought you were at the Towers.' Lady Marguerite blushed! [vividly be neath his adm ring glances. ! j . ' Wo came across over iv week ago,' sho replied. 1 ' We are staying at Ravens wold, ail old highland .country-house belonging to tic countess.' ' Ah, I understand I How; long shall youremain?' r ?? i:.j ???'. 'Until the last of September, 1 think.' . ? ? ' ' | I ' ' That's pic isant,' cried Itlio ; captain, I'm here jmysi If for.the summer.'. I've abandoned till sword, for the hot woather at least. '| ? . ; : | ? They had reached rtho ruins bv this time, and as t rey turned into! tlio grand vestibule,' clambering over! j licaps of rubbish, [ they' caiiio upon. [.Sir.: Bayard, wholly recovered from his| dizzingss, it appeared, and coniing'iu : search of Lady Marguerite. | ' ' . If a glipst, from one of the mouldering tombs beloiv ?he chapel, had jcolifrontcd him, he |c-iu'd not have Ibpked. more startled than ie did at sight of tho captain. He looked lik ) a statue, his face growing livid, his [eyes wiilo and staring.' 'Howjare you to-day, Sii Bayard ?' said the capta ill, extending Ilia hand with frank corfliali' y. -' j | ' The haroue - gave liim Itlio: lips of his lingers, a'scoi ling frown cont -acting' Iiib brows. iTlie next instant lie olfercd liis arm to Lady Marguerite, ilnd led.' lihr away— thp countess was awaiting iier ho said. : Xbthiiig dashed' by |lijis ; cvid- ht dislike and ill humor, the captain followed them intj) tli i grand gluum'l of ; tho old chapel, where the countess still sat. Sho looked up in mutturable surprise at Ilia sil'ldeii ajlpear inco. ii | ' Whyj hleia my soul,' she exclaimed, regarding lliu lover her goggles, ' who is ?it ? i Wl|y, 'tis Fosserupke— Captain Foasbrooko !' ' . .f I ; The captain bowel profoundly, and ex pressed lituisc f highly flatturlbd loikiiow that her hidyJiip remuinbcred Iiiin. lie was makibg a sketching tour tlirough the; Hi'dilandk. ! f Whyj ' t' on 'lit you were a aoldior,' interru]iled tli e dowager, spitlofully. 'Sol am, and begging your [ladyship's pardon j an arllist, too, in my way. Would you do liiy pobr sketch the honor to look ?btit?' I I I '? Bo look at it, please, 'fj jwhisporcd Marguerite, her radiant fucej all smiles and Tiluslics, ' you will bo so pleased, I know | _ ? *'|l I ? : ' « ? The artist .drew tlio skotclil from' his portfolio, uiid luid it before her, and the dowager (colli esconded to lixtiiuine it. Ifer eyes jhrigiifonbd beneath lier goggles as. she looked. . IJ | ? - ? ' Whyt young mini,' slie crpal :.t last, Thus. tiling i'l rvorihy of ii. ||j-{co in niy gallery -ii 'Mo ?Ihike |- I nevenlaaw a liner landaoipe 1 ' I /o you care to nil I it ?' ' It isn't lii islioil yet,' rupliull Captain Fosshrookb, llualiiug witli grai ilicalioli ? ' it-will iliaku a liner uppeuiauuu by far vvlii llit ip imliipleto.' |L ? ? ' Well, complete it, tlicii.-nntl I'll give yoii'a g-«id l rice for it. Sj'iiut dij you want?, [fill hreo hundred pounds dp?' 'Tluilj [would he a very| [ generous rbmuner&tion; ' replied tho captain, ' but if your'ladyal ip would acoept-|i' . . But slje cut him theft with b geaturo, ' 1. never ac'cept anything,' 5ho tald, I've iiioiiey enuugli to pay for all 1 want. Mind, Ulio picture's iniiio aa aodii as it is done,- , j WiyUon't pu do something liko (lint, Bromptoii I' she continued, turning to the hiirouac. 'What has become. of your talent ?'| . ' I ! fair Iliiyal'dldid nut reply, but tlio cap tain did. | ' I , ? ' lib, yes,' lie put in pleasantly, '? Hir Ilsyard ilnrt ilaliulu in uolours, too. i ruiiicnihor uovv, my friend, Vuiiuiel Writ iimii'l Bro'i/.r, iused to speak of HJr Bayard us an artist I' Tim liuroiiel'a fuco begun to louu its color, and Ills oyes to wander reslluutly tiiriiu.it It the ciipluiu'a steady guru, and bo ? tiiiiiiiu reil wreluliedly in Ilia attempts lo reply. ' J/'d lui'd spoken of Jiim as a fool, he'd bavu briin iiuarer the truth, I think,' muttered tlio dowager, under lier breath; then aloud, ' Here, Marguerite, give tlio eupt iiii ii aaodnieli and a liolllu of eluilll j.iagiie,' alio aald, 'land then we'll gatliel up, and got luiiily for starting,' Marguerilo olniyrd with hliialijng eager- ness, ami while (lie viipluiii, silling down beside tliu countess, uuuurkcd Ins chain pngno and ate his sandwich, talking nil the whilo with tiiat nameless ; case and gvaco that, cliarncturisod all his movo .inontsi' the ...barohet, uttorly uualile to control his blanching checks and shaking knees, availed himself of the pretext of seeing that; the carriage was ready, aud made his tlscauo. ; 'Willi your ladyship's 'kind per mission,';. ventured tho artist;, after lie had placed tlio ladies in . the carriage, standing in tho noonday sunlight, -.his liandsbmo face and bright- brown oyes all aglow with life nnd genial humour, ' I'll call at Ravcuswold in a day or two and bring the sketch 1' ?. ;. ' .And tho counlcss nodded in her.grim, abrupt way ; and mentally anathematized . herself the moment after when her sharp eyes' caught sight of Marguerite's vivid blushes aiid lingering glances as' the carriage rattled away :? ' ' A pretty mess I've made of .it,' she soliloquized,' ' giving him an excuse to come— and the girl is head-ovor- heels in love with him already.' . They drove a mile or two further down amid the highlands to soo tho cavern, which was a weird and wonderful sub terranean abode, running for . miles be neath ! the hasp of a rocky cliff,- roofed with glittering stalactites, and floored with mosaic-likoexcrescencesthat gleamed and 'flashed in the light of their : torches like precious stones. The countess and Marguerite were carried away with delight aud admiration, and lingered long after Sir Bayard warned them that the weather had changed and .the day was far advanced.. Thero were so many wonders to admire, so many new 'sights at every step, that they lingered in blissful forget fulness. The voico of- their coachman aiquscd them from their.dream. ' I beg your ladyship's pardon,' ho said, addressing the countess : but tliero be every sign as wariis:ye when a siurm's a brewm', and I thought: it best ro fasten the 'osses, and come down' an* tell ye.' ? ' And at the same moment , as if in- con firmation of his words, a roll of thunder awoke a thousand reverberating echoes around thcin. . Marguerite grew palp with alarm, and the coiintess went stump ing off towards the ontrance at a furious rate. : . ' You villian !' she cried, -with lior aharactcristie unreason, as another peal seemed 'to shake the foundation of the mountain ; ' why didn't you conic and tell me before ? What made you wait till tho last moment V ' Lbcg your grace's pardon,' implored | the driver; 'but Sir Bayard was up n minute-or so ago.' -.-? A' ' llush with your clatter, -will you ? If I'm caught in tho storm it shall cost you your place,. that's all. Hire, Brinnpton, don't stand there like a gaping idiot.: Can't you help llie to get out 1' Sir Bayard flew to her assistance; bow ing like a mandarin, whilo Marguerite, glad to escape his attentions, accepted the assistance of the guide. ? The storm was certainly brewing, and that with frightful rapidity, when they gainod tho outsido world again. ? The west was ono great mass of boiling black, edged tvith brassy yellow whore the luiid sun wa3 going 'down:; and the thunder bellowed in the great' distanco like tho guns in a great battle! ' I think we had belter return to tho cave 'till the storm is .ovo'r,' suggested the baronet, as ho surveyed , the , ominous sky.- . ?' ' ? ' ' You do ?' snarled tlio dowager, as slip, hobbled on toward . tho carriage ; ' thori take shelter in it. If you want to bo buried iir that pit o' tire and brimstone ill a thunderstorm 'tis inoro than ;i do. Here, Marguerite, be quick, ^ind now, sir — addressing the driver— '.drive for your life ; if you don't get- buck to the ob& castle before tho storm breaks I'll clip your cars.' . ? i. ? Sir Bayard sprang to his soat without another word1, and tho coachman, 'mount- ing his box, lashed his horses liko h niatl lnaii.' ! Hut tlio highland roads wero rough and bad, and in tho' gloom of. the waning 'afternoon it was a matter of ex ceeding difficulty to distinguish one road from another. -Tho poor follow luifl not driven half a mile before he was ! utterly bewildered. .. But he kept on, 'tho fiery animals nt their best speed, and grpwing wildorwith tlio bliizo of the lightning in their eyes. ' Aro wo. in . sight of the castle V' de inundod the countess, ahwddeting at every fresh peal.' . ? . ? ' . ' Not yot, your ladyship,' replied .the coachman, urging his steuds into a lonely lane, which ran through tlio heart of it. forest of lira. ' ... Sir Bayard oponed the earriugo door and looked out. as tho darkness began to close urouiid thorn; . ' Wo aro on tho wrong road !' ho cried out. 'Th'u man lias lost his way I' The coiiutoas uttered n cry ut rago and oxeurntiun, ' hut an awful shock, as if huaven und. onrth were coining togother, nnd at tho aniuu liistnnt a. blinding. flash silenced lior. Tlio very nir was charged with sulphurous gus, and the iilllrighted hurses, innilduiieu beyond all control, shot oil' nt ii bio ik-neek pace. ? The baronet put out liis' bond to call to tho' driver,- -nnd, to his utter constor naliuiij Saw that tho box was empty. The driverlvus gunu, CilAl'Tlill L. . : KIJW VUiKNIlH. On and' on tliov went, tho horses mak ing grout Hying leaps, and dragging the carrluge after tliui'ii, oyer ruts and rooks, and prustrntu Li-ooh, llie thundur rattling ovoftiosd,.tliu blazing lightning rovoaling tlio soiuhro woods and distant niuuiituiu peaks. The poor dowager, luimblu end quiet enough in peril aim fear, crouched down upon tliu Hour of tliu carriage, and bury ing iu.-r face in tliu uuiliiuiis, muaiiud and prayed for help. Margin-rite sat erect, calm und quiut, allowing no sign ut what she felt, savu in tiin deadly pallor of liur fuuu. Sir Bayiiid hud beuii watuliiiig for a elianeu to. ruin in tho runaway horsuii, but (hiding that aiiuli an attempt would be wni'iiu 1 1 1 in i iundiiuas, liu returned In ids suitl, lly tliu-liiaeaauul. gliuu of tliu llglitilillg lie could see that llu-y were Hearing a illsuiii) uuuiut/iln gorge, and tliu horaue wuru increasing rutliur tlimi dimiusiiiiig tlieir spued. lie tinned toward Lady Marguerite willi nil anxious face, , ' Lady Marguuritu,' liu said, liutlpig nut liU arui'to suppnrt iter, 'try hi bu oalm|ivu mi) nimring a dangerous du vllvltyi allow lliu tn uupport you— tliu shock will lie terrible,' ? v But oven in thai momont of ni(iromo V danger sho turned from him, her i?iuu white and' cold, her -blue eyes glit tering. ? . _ '1 do not noed you,- Sir Bayard,' sho replied, haughtily, c- nnd the coun tess does.' ?? He had no time fur remonstvanco, for. the .horses . went' over with one living bound, and the carriago followed with an -auful crash ; and then tho countess uttered; a thrilling cry, and, with- the sound in her cars. Marguerite felt herself going down, down, i. thousands of fathoms deep, it seemed, and then all -was* utter dark ness. ? . Lady : Marguerite awoke to conscious ness in the dim twilight* of a pleasant little chamber,*; a sweet, frcslr breeze blowing through the open window, and cooling; her fevered cheeks, and a soft' hand smoothing back her. hair with soothing, dainty; touches. ? Her temples [throbbed paiufully. and. she felt very weak and lauquid after her dreadful fright,; and the dainty touches were so soothing that bIic closed her eyes ngaiu and lay for sevural moments in half- unoonscious enjoyment. But curiosity .began to aussert itself, and sho, opened them again ; and this lime sho saw the face of a young girl bending over her— a rare and lovely face, as -fair pure as a pearl. ; I She | smiled involuntarily, and [the . pretty, .rose lips above iier smiled back in response. ? ? ?' 'Papa,' called a voico, as sweet as the note of ja thrush, u she's awakc.. Come in, ploase?' And the next instant tlio pearl-fair faco. vanished, and , a rough, beatded ono looked down in its. place. Lady .{Marguerite ? struggled up- to a sitting posture, but the oUbrt made her faint and dizzy-. * Where am i ?'she asked, gazing about hcr.witk1' bewildered oj'es. Tho young maiden with the pearl-fair face adfanefd . to j her side. ' You are at my aunt's, ^Irs. Keith's — and this is Doctor Renfrew, who lives just below Strathspey Towers', - and I am llaj^ie, his ( daughter, ' she said, sweetlyj | '! : ? . *? And y.)ii had a pretty rough shaking up la3t liight,- put in the old doctor ; |uSo lie' down and keep qiiiefc. Maggie will bring you some breakfast presently ' . The tarrible dangers of tho past night came back with awful distiuotuess to Lady Marguerite's memory* * ? 41 And tho countess,' she nskcfl, grow ing pale;!*' what of.herV *. ^Kothing, only she's half dead from the fright, and she's got a little twist in her ankle— nothing serious,' rbpliod the doctor. ,j % .'And; the geutleiuaii, Sir Bayard Bromptiii T'-addcd, Maggie, considerate ly. II' 'Is bruised pretty hadry,' finished the doctor, is lio walked away. Marguerite lay back .upon lior pil lows, with a sigh of iolicf., Thoylind passed through tlio danger comparatively unhurt. Presently she! asked another ques tion. *; !j 'Who! found lis?' Hoiv did wo get horoV' ; ; ' ? : ' 'Captain Fossbrooke found you,'' the girl rbpli'ed. ' He' saw you at' tho old castle, I think, and scciiig that a storm was coming, hurried after you to. bring you licroj till it was over.' But y'.iuj had left tho cavo wli.cti lie reached it, and ho did not come. up with you till after the horses iluid run down tho gorge.-.' IIo found the carriage 'smashed, and Sir ?Bayard 'jstandingi in despair over the countessl and yourself, believing you to bo dead. | j But the captain knew better, so lio : gift liolp aiid brought you hero. And nowi,' sho added, smiling brightly, 'you kqiiw everything, and you must lio quite stiilj till I rail down to the kitchen nnd fetcli your briakfast. ? I.iidy Marguerite obeyed, and Mil tun minutes 'jslio was btek again, yitli a tonipting; inoal on iui old. fasliiunod silver tray, and: with it a small buheh of roses and Ktiglii.-ili violots. ; - : ' Captain Fossbrouke.sont these, 'she said, asitslio putj the llowi-rs'in I 'earl's - hands, 'ijwith his'' compliments, and. ho would liko to corno in aml .inqiiiro how you aro, (hut papajwon't lot him. Papa's .awful creps about liis patients.' .- Lady Marguerite did not answer ; slio nvcrtod lier faco to hide tlio burning flush that suft'tjsod it. j . '.Wlioii did tlio captain como?' slio asltod, nfjer a pauso. : . - . ' Captain Fossbrooke ? . Oh, ho boards bore, yoju know. [ Aunt Keith nlways takes boiu-durs ill Suimner, and tho cap tain's budirlioru'a jvoek or two. He's on a sketching towor, and draws beautifully. Como now, lot liio assist you to riso ; tlioro, thq pillow will support you ; and you ,- can oat- your breakfast nieoly, whilo I run in and spoalc to t,ho couiu toss;' . ' .' - '! ' ' /'Toll her I'm . vory . glad alius not seriously injured, Htaiiimorod Margue rite ; ' aiid— aiid— -you iuayt''sIio stain merod, h4r ohooks glowing liko peunios, ''you may : say to i Captain Foasbruoko ? that l ain very niuoh obliged to liim-for tlio flower..' '?? ' ; /' Vury ivoll,' ninl away wont Maggie, trilling ft littlo Highland iiiulody, : ; / ? Aud Lady Margiiorito triilud with lior tompting bruakfaat for a minute or.tivo, sud thou I lav down, biiiyiiig her: faco amid liorjpillowi),- with a sharp,' aching pain at her heart. ? [ . . : Thai afloriioun tlio oarl, who lmd ro turnod from Laiietvsliire, drove ovur with Lady Novillo nnd Judith; Lady, Mnrguc rite's inaiii i and for tlio first timu in hnlf a aoori) of yours, ho mot with Bdotor Renfrew. I ' ; Tho old', Sootoliman stood stubbornly, Ills koou gray oyos looking strniglit bu faro him,1 hs tho peer. advanced, deter mined if (thuro was any salutalluil bu twei-n tliuui that hu would lio', hu tliu lirat tn siieuk, j Tliu earl did not hualtato, however jho oaino up, witli uxtondud linnd. ' How liro you,' doctor ho said, a waii smile lighting Ilia worn, wliito face ; 'yell and; 1 parted a lit tl u at odds, if I rumunihur rlghlly. Aro ymi friendly oiiniigli lo forgot and forgive V' ?' I nm friendly uiiuugh to forgive ymi,' replied tho doutor, 'hut forgetting la nunthur thing— 1 can't do that, Lord Hlrutlmpoy.' Tlio earl wlnucd, and husitntud -an in slant buforo lie spoke iiguln. ' No, you can't forgot I' lie said, at lanL an unutterable ilea pair In Ids volru and fuao, and I w-ui't ask It/but, doutor,' lui added,, with a suililoH passion, 'you wuru my bust und curliust friend, ami 1 don't like vmi to think maim unprincipled villain, Duutur, in all tliu wldu earth, I ! . ? : ? ' — : ? : ? uicre is no wretch so uttorly lost and ac cnrs'ed as I aim' ' '/.-.? . jTli.i old - man , put out his Hand and ! clasped tho carl's itt a hearty grasp. . poor Angus,' hu^said, ' Iknow -t p\i)uld come to this — nnd now it is too late]' }'43Too Into 1*' echoed tho earl, ' too latel Slje|a — I stood by her grave yestec ; She lies in tlie .commoa Pottor's Pjehl on Lancashire i\roor.' *? v . jTjicro was a something inexpressibly thrilling in the man's ultcr despair. .? jTho doctor drcw his, hands across his ey,ef ???- ? [? ^Aiid she. loved -you so, Angus,' lie saidh ' P?pr thiug, I shall ; never forget htjrjlast words, to me-r-utcll ray husband thac I love him and forgive him— ' pjDbn't !' cried tho carl, putting his, hand, to his heart, '1 caiiiiot- bear it ! Great Heaveu, cloctor, remorse is a tcr riblp, thing ! I wish- I could die ! If it wero uot such a co wardly thing to dbj I'd Boon end all this.' J Ymi. will do better, to' live, and' clear yoftr wife's slandered name ; you arc not ready to closc-y oilr accounts yet.' ||Ti ue cnougli ! .' But 1 cannot .banish' he rijfaco qnc instant— sleeping or waking, I it 1^ before my eyes ; her. white, hopeless face looking through the bars of- a .mad house. I shall go lmid mj'self soim ! But .that w.is not my work, doctor.'' . j'jWliatV consigning your wife to a. mad-house?' . j^-Yes'! : Sir Marshull Noville and his wife did it, and without my knowledge, whije I was abroad. j'JBut you didn't^lry . to undo it, whilo there was time,' said tlio doctor, merci-. lessly. ' , jiKo, because I doubted her fidelity.' ? And what has changed your mind, Lonl Strathspey ?' ; The old mail's wrath was rising again, ?hup}* the c irl did not resent it ; he an Bwcred meekly : . j-| I- cannot tell — I do hot believe the yomig man who b'rars my name is my son foiiibno thing.' * /fit's a marvel to mo that you did not fmS that out long ago,' returned the doclor.' 'A. 'mother's instincts are at wajjs true— tho : boy in the Tyrol . was years, aiid yonr wife kne\r it ; but, womanlike, she loved you so tenderly that she| kept|airher hopes and fears to ' her- self] and tried to getat'thc bottom of the imjstery .1 before she disturbed your mind.' jaTiiero's where the trouble began— if shopiad only trusted me at first, .aud .liad no {?ecreU, from me — I thought tiio child washers— :born boforo our tnarriage.' : Tlio doctor uttered, an exclamation of disgust. . *5 Just like a joalouV fool !' ho ex claimed. ;.u Couldn't the child's age de termine tliat W ? 4tl took no thought of it's age,' re plied the earl. . i No, you . didn't.' stormed tho old niaji, 'you just, jumped at conclusions, to .(suit your jealous fancy — */-m should ha^c gone to a in;id-iioi:so, not your poor wife, the truest aud fondest wife in Eng hmli.' . i . Tho call stood silent in tho summer twilight, lus face ghastly 111 tlio 'loom. / j-Ycs,' lie said, -slowly,, at last,-, his voio broken and unnatural. 'I boliovo it pll '.now, and I would giro my soul's eternal wolfare'to recall Itho piast — but it is too late, too lato 1' ' i | . ' VolcconHnncd.) 