THE STORY-TELLER. TWO BROTHERS. By Hklen Mathibs, Author of "Gomin'Thro' the Rye," " Cherry Ripe," " The Land o* the Leal," &o.; Bound the comer of a miserable alley came a little boy ao bowed down by the immense faggot of wood be carried on hia back that only hie feet were visible ob he advanced. , Nevertheless, he could see, fob when hi came to a certain window he etopped, and kneeling down on the flags shifted hiB harden backwards, then kissed both hands to a little figure seated close to the window-pane that ! jumped.up and down for jo^ and gave back hiB kisses with energetio delight. The great faggot rose tremblingly from the ground, the bright faoe beneath it disap peared, from the window the .oap fall of golden curls oeased to nod, but sank lower ] and grew quite still when the alley was empty of the boy and his burden. For a long while the crazy old high ohair held a shape that did not stir, and seemed hardly to breathe, while the baby-hands, in I whioh dimples still lingered, olasped a battered toy listlessly; bat if yon had drawn near, yon would have seen that neither hunger nor loneliness touohed | him now, for that God's one good gift to the poor had been vouchsafed even unto him, and he slept. It was a oherub's faoe—a oherub who had not been cold and starved long enough to Iobo the rounded carves, the velvet softnesses of babyhood, but the triumphantly arahed mouth, that is the dis tinguishing feature of a very yonng child, was absent, and tears lay on the eyelashes, - and lingered on the fair roundness of the cheeks below. But he was happy and needed no man's pity. The squalid room held him no more, and his heart no longer ; aohed for the brother, who was nearly always away earning bread and milk for him, and if dreama came to him be enre they brought to him that" Muver" into whose warm arms he had longed to creep, when Daddy was not by to hog him. Leave him to hie oontent, and glance ronnd the room, that is the only one showing BignB of human oooupation in this alley, the two Bides of which conaiBt of hacks of warehouses, and through which no i traffic ever pa&BeB;, This very room was once j a carpenter's shop; the upper part ie un tenanted, and out of repair, and you might search the world through before you could j find as safe a hiding-place ae here, in so remote a part of the great city that it almoet borders upon oonntry. On a pallet in one corner lay a woman's shawl and bonnet, and the bare adjuncts of a J woman's toilette. On the other side of the fireless grate was the bed on which the two boys slept; and a 1 riokety table, two broken chairs, ana eome nnmmnn cnnkmc ntnnsils—now. aIkb ! nnnsftrt common cooking utensils—now, alas! unused for daye—oompleted the furniture of the place. A pair of tiny boots, and a white overcoat and bat hangipg oo the wall, pointed to the fact that the little boy in the window was not kept at home by lack of clothes; and often he wonld look wistfully at them, for be felt quite sure he was big enough to take carp of himself, and he wanted to go out and see if he couldn't find " Muver," If the eyes of a rare passer-by were attracted by the curly golden head in the window, one lonely ohild the more or the less in the great oity counted for nothing, and there was no living apnl to notice whether the woman who had brought the children there returned eaoh sight, or left them, locked np and starving, to await her good pleasure, aa she was doing now; for one morning she had gone out as usual, and somehow forgotten tooome baok. Waddie had.given up lietening now for the turning of a key in the look; and a rap on the window-pane from Daddy's slender hand was the only mueio he ever heard. It sounded sharply through his dreams, and he woke on the instant, rubbing hie sleepy eyes. " Me is eo hnngedy," he eaid, the satisfy ing spell of sleep being broken; bnt a eob was checked by his brother's voice orying out, " Open the window, Wadsie, got such booful dinner 1" The little fellow poshed at the window, whioh'opened caBement fashion in the middle, and it flew apart, shewing Daddy's head just level with the sill, and holding up a bag In one hand and a tin pannikin in the other, at sight of whioh Waddie screamed for joy. " Take the bag first, Wadsie," oried the elder boy, "and now the milk—don't ypu spill it, and don't get off the ohair"—and. when his hands were empty heswnng himself up by the sill into the room and shot the window after him. 0 Daddy 1" said Waddie, with a gurg bnn I" "Tot," said Daddy, with pride, "nice bread yesterday, Wadsie, Bath bun to-day 1" " And a drink of milk 1" cried Waddie, laughing with delight as he sorambled off his ohair and,followed Daddy to the table, besides whioh the elder boy sat down, the youoge his lap, and nearly throttlibi clambering into his lap, and nearly throttling himina soft embraoe. It was, however, brief, and he needed no invitation to fall to, helping himself with grert profusion to food and drink alternately, While Daddy kept an arm ronnd the little; satin neok, end was happy, " 'Ave a bit of my ban, said Waddie, when bis hunger was somewhat appeased, and he': patted h>e brother's oheek withatioky fingers, then drew down his faoe to rest oh his golden ouris. . ; "iNo," said -Daddy, putting the tempting j morsel from bis pale lips. "1 had such a dinner down at the ygrd." "Wis'me was a big boy to carry tingslil— 'oo^saidWaddy,signing—"looksas Ff op'd got a bouse on oo baok! Doea 'em 'hurt 1 Deflate ?" j , i " Ob, no 1" arid Daddy. " Fm.vejy strong,: yon know. I'm nine next- birthday—nearly sl._ iiM*> am aIi! aa wan vlifh^i4la " last drop. " Me got a rdobing-horolMtWme j and Muver—oh, Daddy! does 'oo think Mnver'll oomeiand fetohas.tooa,?" ■ ,1 • Daddy abookhis head;'tbein as tto IHple ^gure.'drooped,heputmshajudlnhlYpOcket, j and drew out something that he held behind bis backs' J v J •VGnew what fvB got hers r he Bttld w^kb ] a.smfio that seemed to;danoe elj,its, lost youtn baok into hia face, so that when -Waddie.turned.quiokly, two happy feces, laughing with dimples, gazed wide-eyed j at one another. . „ . ... . , -. "Swpkietf cried Waddie,.with anhout; ot triumph; and swedttes-tt wjaa, aid Daddy forgot hiB aching hack and his hunger, at he popped one, two, and three Into Waddie'e popped mouth. . . j ■*' Mustn't oat them til, Waddle," said the pale boy; half to-night and half to-morrow morning—to be eaten one at a time while I am out." Wftddie'a face fall. Hit intentions were al ways bono arable, bat unfortunately Lis memory wu decidedly eboit, and be 'was prone to going on the "bDtt"wlunlelttolbU own devices with a paper of something good onhis lap. " There," said Daddy; counting them' odt, 111 pnt tbiB half away V and with Waddie in hia arms he walked to the >fliftntelpieoe. On the blackened wall- paper'.above were some chalk marks; betook np a bit of chalk and added one to the row, and then counted them aloud—seven. j " She's been dorn a long time." said Waddie, fixing hie bine eves on the chalk ' marks: " does 'oo think she a ever tumming ' baokf "Oh lyes," said Daddy, nodding, though . hia heart denied him. "Spose she's trying to get work; then Waddie *11 have a fire again, and pr'ape a new toy—and some butter with his breed. "Like Barf bane best," said Waddie; nodding; "andsbe'a a crocs 'oomau—don't J like cross 'oomans. And ahe told 'tories, i Dadsie—she didn't bring ns to Muver and Father at all, Wia' we didn't get into the puff-puff, eh, Dadsie T" " Yes, said Daddy, gravely, " I'm afraid she's very wioked. But it was my fault. I ongbt to have taken care of you. And she didn't beat ue"—he shivered and held the ohlld oloBer—" and she gave usfood and a fire. I think she meant to come baok, but p'r'aps she couldn't." " 8'posin' somebody's runnded away with her 1" hazarded Waddie, with round eyes. "No, ehe's too big. But people die some times all in a hurry, you know—so that she couldn't come." I 'member it welly well when she didn't oomebaok,'.' said Waddie, nestling closer in hie brother's arniB, " we was welly cold and welly hungedy for ob, a long time—years on years—after that." " Only one night and a day and a half," put in Daddy, smiling. "And I kyed and kyed when you went away and left roe all by cry lone self," " Yes," said Daddy, " it did seem a long while and it was so cold then—bat I was obliged to leave yon alone, Waddie, when I went out to look for work," _" You is very clever," said Waddie, judi cially. "Free whole penniea every day; doesn't 'oo think 1 could pick up the little bitB of wood and help 'oo ?" "You help me every day, Waddie," said the elder boy, as he placed him on the bed, then croseed the room in the chilly spring dusk, and took something out of a onpboard that he began to eat eagerly, with his baok turned to his brother. " Got somefin nice there?" Baid Waddle's loving little voice, " Scrumptious! Would you like some ?" "ho—me iB full up." Daddy stood by the window munching his dty crust thankfully. Another day of de sertion had oome and gone, and Waadie had been fed, was happy; there were sweets for I the morning, and the eun had shone into the room all day, aud kept it and the ohild warm, "Take care of Waddie," the mother had said to him when Bhe went away wish her hnshand to the foreign plaoe with the long name, leaving the little brothers safe, as she supposed, iu their own home, and with old and devoted servants to guard them. Only j two servants' gossip prolonged on a bright j day,only a little stroll of two children beyond the erounds and through the coppioe search- 1 fng for primroBes, where they met a strange woman, who gave them sweets and laughed , and played with them, insensibly leading the little feet farther and farther from home till the railway station was reached. Only a hasty proteet from Daddy when the woman opened a door of the train that was waiting and ; lifted in Waddie, who shouted with joy as the "puff-poff" began to move, and oaUea to Daddy to make haste or he would be left behind. Daddy wss alarmed and afraid, but Waddie was in nis charge, so he oame too. It had been a long ride, aud Waddie had cried to go home long before they reaohed the great ugly city, where they were put into a cms and seemed to drive on and on for | ever. Waddie had cried himself asleep, and to all Daddy's questions the woman was deaf as the 1 adder, and deaf she had remained since she i dismissed the coaoh at the oorner of the lonely alley, and brought them to this room, aoroBs whose threshold they had never since stepped, She gave them the food that was In the ■ place, and when they had fallen asleep in each others arms, she drew nearer and looked down on tbem with blaok eyes that had neither triumph nor cruelty in them, They \ showed simply a hard satisfaction, as if she had meant to do a thing and had done it, and the innocenoe and beauty of the ahilarea moved her not one jot. She had never liked children, and thanked God she had none, but the. stern sense of juBtiee that'had made her steal them, effeotu- j ally hindered her treating them with cruelty. She neither starved nor peat tnem; she gave them bread and hatter, milk to drink, and a fire to warm' themselves by; she even brought hpme Bome rude toys one night, and j paper and pencils with which Daddy might j 'ihe rest of the wage she earned, and It wag a good one, at a wholesale oity house, ahe . divided thua: One-fourth she spent in food,; the rest In drink—drinking hard ana steadily' after' ahe oame home late at night I from her work. She drank with the same slow, unhasting resolve that distinguished her every notion, and It in no way 'seemed to disturb the I methodical, even tenour of. her life. Every morning she rose in good time, cleaned mid pnt In order the miserable room, cooked her own breakfast and gave the children theird, then fetohed the bread ahd milk, and left' the boys their rations for the.' middle of "the day and - the i evening .meal. < How .monotonous .the food seemed, till ^he day came when they otied aloud to Heaven for e morsel of „ bread to stay their hunger, and then was moreply. ; ' , When she went oat she looked the dodr' hehind'her; and looked if had beennow for . the seven day* .Daddy had marked np with.) , chalk.-, Qn th^, morning .when thp boys wqk»;| id age an gmpfcybed opposite teem they, had 1 gohe breskustleis, and, *11 that .day they1 ftdtchidCfht door eagerly hut When- might -lall earpcPthsy were billy hungrier and - oolder still, snd. Daddy felt fib Jheart, breaking, aa,' after hours, of rsoba Aid' ones of hunger, j Waadie. fell ■ Into "a sleep thtt almost re setoblefl flskthr. All that night the- boy eat; oold tad alebp-1 less, beside his baby brother; thinking thinking of what he should do, Atlas; night came to him. Their doily milk, and ; bread. had dot failed then until mow, but how had It eomef By work—she had worked audj so fsathhtn'. ahdwby thohld nbt he ? ■ j 1 "Hei too. Wonld work for and feed Waddle, snd then iewocld feel a* if he wueiulSlllag , hispromieeto "Unther." He dldn't knov how, but he meant to try, and quite early in the morning, when the cold spring sunshine was beginning to glint I id ob Waddle's curb, and the little firt waa' naif-staffed into hie month, he softly kissed the child, &ud;, unfastening the window, opt ntd it and dropped to the ground. Once belt w, a thought, struck him—he drew the wiLdow close. then hnnted' about till be foutd a bit of wood, with whloh he wedged the woodwork firmly together, eo that it would need a bold path from Waddfe'shand to push it open. . But, alone in the cold ailent alley, hie courage almoBt forsook him, and the pure pallid eky above, the freeh keenness of the morning air, brought him no help as be walked on mechanically in search of" work." Ont of all the vast, toiling population around, not one seemed to be stirring yet. He had the great city all to himself as he went slowly along, fixing each street and' turning: laboriously In his mind, that hemight know his way baok to Waddie. He oame presently to a rude timber-yard that formed a sort of: square hwide the great warehouses around,, and to whloh there waa admittance by an iron gate, and the boy stopped and looked in. The enoloanre waa Btrewn with every variety and size of wood and plank, withasawing pit in one corner; bat the whole place, ■peaking so plainly of busy occupation, waa now deserted, ana Daddy, faint with hanger and the sharp air, pushed the gate open, sat down on one of tne blocks of wood, and for a while forgot his troubles in a stupefied aleep. It may have lasted honra or mtnuteB, bat he was awakened by a push, deoided but not rongb, and he woke with a start, to see a big man standing over him, and to hear on all etdee the oheerfnl olamonr and ringing sounds of axe and saw at work among the wood. "What do yon do here!" said the man' gruffly; " do you know you're trespassing'!" He was a hard man, and he hatea children, because he had passionately desired one all his life, bat God had denied him. " 1 want work," Baid Daddy, looking straight up into the man's face. "Hoi ho!" laughed the man grimly; "and pray what can yon do ?" Daddy glanced quickly aronnd. Men were sawing, men were swinging great axeB above their beads, bringing them down with a splitting sound on Bome fallen monarch of the woods, and in one part of the yard boya of from ten to eighteen were binding together eplinterB and logs of wood, making them into large bandies, that they presently hoisted on their heads and struggled away with through the gate. " 1 can carry wood," said Daddy, boldly. The man looked at the boy'a clothes, at his hands, at his pinched face, and read its etory. •* He is plating truant," he thought, " but I can keep h'im out of misohief here, and be is starving.' Aloud he said— "I_will give yon threepence a day for carrying twelve bundles of wood ; the boys will show you where to take them. When you have carried Bix come to me; I will pay you half yonr wage, and you can go to dinner." Then that man, soured dullard as he was,. got an experience that astonished him, for,, with a sob of joy. Daddy seized his ooarse hand, kissed it passionately, then broke away to his work. " He muBt have ran away from home, and dsBires to rough it for a bit,'* he thought, as he turned away with an odd mist pasting befote his eyes. Daddy was awkward at first, and the other boys, resenting bis olothes, were spitefni, and hindered bim in every possible way, hnatling him and scattering the pieces of wood as fast as his unaocnstomed fingers fastened them together. And the thought of Waddie ofying alone and deserted in the miserable room almost took his feeble strength from him, eo that it waB long before he got hie first bnndle on hie back and followed eom9 of the others to bis destination—a kind of market place where the poorer people around bought their fuel. To his joy he fonnd that the plaoe was olose to the alley where he lived, and ooming. back, he slipped from the others, ran to the window, and peeped in. Waddie was kneeling up iu bed, his face hidden by hiB falling onrls and the hands he held up before it, hie little day shirt slipping . off bis rounded shoulders ana "limbs, while his body was shaken by sobs. " Muver 1 muver 1 muver I". he was crying over and over again, like a hungry little bird calling inoeseantly in his lonely nest. "Me want 'oo, muver; Daddy's dora- away and left poor Wadsie all by hie lone eelf 1" Daddy heard him diBtinotly, and tapped . hard at the window pane. "Waddie!" he oried. "Waddle 1 ootne here 1" Waddie heard, and loot not a moment, tumbling over himself in his haste to reach - hie lost darling, Daddy. "Me tort yon had runneded away too." he said, scrambling up into the high onair. " Oh I Daddy, me is welly oold, and welly hungedy 1" " Listen, Waddie," said Daddy very clearly, " you are Rolng to have something .. to eat soon, and something to drink, and now you must take your toys into bed with yon. and pull the clothes all round you, and—and I'll be ae quick as ever 1 oan, Waddie." And then Daddy sped away for hia life, not daring to look back at the oherub face that - Beamed to have grown thin during one Sab bath day and night of fasting. By 12 o'clock Daddy had carried bat five faggots, and he went on with his work when .all the Test trooped away to dinner. The. master had watched him at intervals, and now came up. " Why don't you go to your dinner f' be said; Daddy shook hie head, fie oould work, but be eonld not beg. " Here," said the man roughly," take half your wage bow, and do yonr seven faggots after yog have eaten," and he pnt three half pence ib the boy'a hand. "God bleis you 1" said Daddy with quiver ing lips; then with all the weary aching gone from his baok, he flew to a email baker's shop that he had passed a few minutes before. The smell of the warm bread turned him faint for the moment, bat he asked for a ■ pennyworth of bread, then enquired of the women where he could bny milk. She looked hard at the white boyish faoe, at, the half-penny olutohed like golden trea sure in hie llttle hand, and then said— " Maybe I've a drop to spare. How mnoh d'ye want TV He held out the halfpenny. She took It and went away, returning pre eehtly with a tin pannikin holding olose on a pint-Of milk. , . .. " Drink spme of it," she said, Heehookhirhead—Dodaie muithave some first. He thanked the woman very sweetly, quite ignorant of how she had befriended him, and hastened away. "Brihg baok the pannikin,"ehe oalled after him, and he premised, then sped on with feet that joykad winged. Waddle saw him ooming from a distance, and danoed np and down in his shoeless feet; . he tried to posh the window open; but the wedge of wood hindered him, and he beat with little angry hands upon the panes, Bnt, oh! the joy with whioh Daddy handed the food in, and presently fed him 1 Ecstasy were too poor a word to erpreea the swelling joy that rose higher and higher in him as contentment gradually overspread Waddie'e faoe, which grew round again before his very eyes J Then he, too, ate and drank, and together tbey kneeled down and said the Lord's Prayer, for neither had remembered his prayers that morning. Then Waddle's brief golden time was over, for Daddy moat return to his work, but with a sustaining referenoe to a Bath bun, that partly consoled Waddie in the time that elapsed before Daddy's return. And thns, with slight variations, had passed the seven days that had elapsed sinoe the woman, whose very name the boys did not know, had deserted them. Daddy's master seemed to have ooncerned himself no more about the boy, but long ago he had quietly tracked him home, and had also looked in at the window while he was away. Seeing a ohild eating sweets and ap parently well-oared for in the window, and a woman's clothes lying on the bed, he had come to the natural oonolueion that their mother came home at night, and that Daddy had elected to do a little work on his own account daring the day. He was not a curious man, and made it a mle never to enquire about people whose olr cnmBtanoes might require relief, but he saw that though the pinched look on the boy's faoe was gone, it grew paler and thinner every day. And on that seventh day, the point at which I began thiB story, Wadsies loving eyes seemed to find something amisB in him too, and he stole out of bed, and pottered up to hie side. " Due 'oo baok ache, Dadsie ?" be said, rubbing it vigorously with his little hand. " Never mind! to morrow's Sunday, and you'll stop at 'ome an' 'ove a 'oliday 1" Sunday—yes—in which he could earn no money; and he had only contrived to save one penny during the paBt six days' work, which he had laid out in the bread now in the | cupboard. And he felt ill and strange, with noiiee in biB ears, and whispering voioes that were nowhere near him. He mnet rouse himself, and he lilted Waddie, and carried him baok to bed, thinking regretfully of that luxury of sweets in which he had indulged the little fellow. Then he undressed him. they said their | prayers together, and, warm and happy, Waddie fell asleep in hiB armB, while, too weary to undress, Daddy drew the counter pane about him and eiept also. ClOBeupon midnight, a step that lagged and faltered, sometimes pausing altogether, came down the alley, ana halted at last by the outer door of the boys'miserable home. There was the slow sound of a hey turning in the lock, and a woman stumbled over the threshold, groping her way through the small passage to a door, outside which she Bank down OB her knees, shuddering and shivering in every limb, The ague-fit past, she bent her ear to the key-hole and listened, but not a sound, not a breath or sigh, came from within. She had expeoted thiB awful silenoe, this everlasting stillness; it had moved with her all tbrongh the noiBy, beating heart of the great oity. But the reality was some thing more awful still; it took eubBtanoe and weighed her down like lead, with a ; {ihysioal agony that left her hand power ess to unlock the door, and see what was | within. "I looked them In," she said in a strained, harsh whisper, " without food, without firing—two helpIeBB ohUdren—and not a sonl within earshot if they shrieked themselves mad . . . and I meant to come back . . ■ I'd got my wage, but I must go and look at him and her. , , . I muBt see their pale faces—see some of the agony on his that he wrote on mine—and I waited along while, but they oame at last . . . haggard and weary they came baok to their hotel, weary with following np false olneB , . . for not all the father's and mother's love in the world, not all the detectives in London had been able to traoe them here. O 1 my God, my God 1 Why did I do it ?—what have I done ?" ' - She - writhed to and fro, with contorted arms twisted in the heavy hair that had fallen over her, biting the duBt outside that! portal whioh she was afraid to enter. " 1 was mad to steal them," she went on in that unnatural voice, "mad! He out me adrift like a dog when he married, though I was good enough to be held in his armB the day before he swore faithfulness to another woman . . . if only he'd told me—if he'd stood np like a man and told me the truth earlier I might have forgiven him , . , but the man who doesn't- begin his married life witn a clean slate de serves all he gets . . . only it isn't h s children's fault , , . and he's alive and they are dead 1" The last words ended almost in a shriek: a panio of unreasoning fear seized her, she drew baok from the door, straining her eyes in the darkness upon It. J " I oan't go in!" she cried, half crazed with horror. "I oan't see those little wasted, cold bodies. If they'd only sent me to gaol I oonld have got help for them; bnt the cursed drink—" she paused and pat np her hand to the thick bandage bound round her head. "It never served me snoh a triok before, bnt it's ill work measnriog onps with the devil, and when that van stmok ine down Hhe paused again as one who. tries to remember. "Bnt to-night— yes, to- night—I got my wits baok, and when they were all downstairs I put on my clothes'ahd stole oat. They were laughing so load they never heard me. They were good people, they never touohed what was left of my :wage. But I didn't buy any food for the children ae I oame along. It's too late." For awhile she rooked herself to and fro ; bnt the ontbnret had relieved the dizzied brain, and gradually some of her uBnal hard . courage.began to return. 1 " I must go in," she said, steadily, "I mil go in,1' and she took a key from her pooket, and with a firm hand unlooked the door, and crossing the threshold, stood almost without breathing inside it. A young April moon suffused the room with a loftradunoe that indistinctly revealed the outlines of the two lads,, and showed to her staring eyes a little heap beneath a cover lid that lay no more, silent and Btirless than ahe had expeoted. Slowly. etep by step. She advanced into the room; in the middle « it ahe halted, trembling convulsively, and stink oa one auddenlysmitten to the gronnd, then on her hands and knees orawled to the bed, and with one supreme effort dragged herself an by it, and pluoked the oovering from the children's faces. "O God 1 they were warm 1" She felt that living warmth-before she had touched them; aatomshed, wide-eyed, an ecstasy of joy lift ing her above earth, she etretohed a hand and felt Waddie'e baby cheek; then with a wild cry upon her Maker, fell back a senseless ; heap upon the ground. Waddie, awakened by that oold touoh, 4nd having eiept a great deal that day, did not relapse into slumber, but lay quite still, with wide-opened eyes fixed on the ceiling. Daddy's arms ware no longer round him; they had clipped away, and he alept heavily, ao heavily that he did not feel the soft klse Waddle preaently dropped on hie oold cheek, nor yet the eoft breath that hovered lovingly abonthim. In that dim light Waddle could aee hie brother Qnite plainly, and something in his face touched him, and caused ah unknown trouble in his baby heart;'tears gathered in hie bine eyee and fell on the pillow. "Me iota' Mover would oomel" be said aloud ; '* abe boob klea Daddy and make him well!" Ab if in answer to him, a low.moan broke on hia ear—not from Daddy, for he lay atillae before, and Waddie eat up in bed, hia heart beating violently, and listened with all hie might. Hie mind had never been tortured by ideas of ghosts, and be felt no fear, only wondered what it was, for be could eee nothing. He heard the sound again, and a gasping ory, as of some one fighting for breath; then he pushed the clothes baok softly for fear of awaking Daddy, and rolled hia chubby limba to the bottom of the bed, alighting on the floor with a big bump. He knew in a moment who it was lying there, and eaw the white bandage half hidden by the streaming thick hair; understood, too, in some tender obildiBh way, the agony that was in the woman's soul, and which racked her body, and kneeling down beside her, he put hia little hand on-that miserable bead, easing— 11 Poor ooman t Has 'oo hurted 'ooeelf, and eo 'oo oinld'nt turn baok ?" The woman raised herself, looking wildly at the innocent, anxious little faoe so near her own, then with a low ory she enatohed him in her arms, covering hie feet, hia limbs, his hair with kisses. Waddie made no ob jection; he forgot those weary nighta and days of cold and banger—for a child of three bears no malice and Bis memory ia divinely short—and presently of bis own aocord he kissed her. She wrapped the skirt of her dress warmly about him, as tbey held a conversation in which the simple, monotonous life of the boys during the lastseven days wbb told. " God bless Daddy!" she said onoe, with trembling lips. '* Dawd bless dear Daddy I" eohoed the ohild. " Us thort 'oo very wioked," said Waddie, in conclusion, shaking his bright head. " Us didn't know a nasty old 'orse had runned over 'oo 1 Did it hart 'oo welly muchi" He fell asleep soon after that, and all through the night, and the clear strengthen ing dawn that showed all the loveliness oi the little face on her breast, she sat there motionless, while one by one the devils that bad possessed her Blowly and grudgingly left her soul. It was a human being, with a poBBible future of redemption, and not a fiend whose every earthly and heavenly hope had been long oaet out, who rose at last, and laying the child In her own bed, drew near and looked at the boy whose courage and patienoe had saved ber from the orlme of murder. He still slept, bat with the dull lethargy of exhaustion rather than the light, peaoefal slumber of ohildhood. Dark blue shadows lay under his eyes, his features had that worn and pinched look that is seen in half-starved gutter children, the hande lying outside the coverlet were soratehed and torn, and in some places bleeding, and the suffering of years, not days, was stamped on the fair looks that still retained their natural expression of goodness and troth. The woman's breath oanght in a hard dry -sob. She half-stretobed her hand to hie head, then drew It baok—she was not worthy. Throngh her brain there flitted two half-for gotten lines: " and shines upon the still face on the bed: Yes 1 it is morning now 1" "OhI no," she cried, aloqd inhera|ony, not that—not that 1 0 God, say that I am not too late." The cry disturbed Daddy; he moved rest lessly. " Mother i" he eaid. " Mother 1" The woman stooped over him, and lightly, reverently, oovered np thorn disfigured hande; then she knelt down beside him, and for the first time einoe she had lost her innocence, wrestled with God in prayer for that one little life, pouring ont her scnl like water in her great desire. Balm and healing came to her there. It WfiBa humble and repentant woman who rose at laet, and, removing the bandages that hid the cruel wound in E«r head, bound up her hair, cleansed her faoe, and Btood at laet, a .haggard, beautiful wreck, whose will, at least, would furnish strength for the work that Bhe had that morning to do. ' For a moment she paused by Waddie's aide, and her lipB moved; but it wub at Daddy she gazed longest, when, on going out of the door, ehe looked baok. ' The sun shone down on the pallid boy, and threw: Ub motee on Waddie's golden onrle. Slowly ehe moved away—they were safe now—eaoh step that took her farther away, was bringing nearer to them — " Mover!" The End, 