CHAPTER XXV, TlIB MYfU'EIUOUS 1'OB AGAIN, Tho Countess- of Strathspey found horaoll hedged in with diflleultloa on every hand. The estates of Aukland Oaks, and the I'rench chateau were hor own, but thorn was no available mouoy, and it roquirpd cash iu abundance to Instituto and carry on a lawauit. Moroover, when alio wont to her lawyer, Sir Honry Galbraith, with a great many apologies, and in very pblito pbsrago, he de clined to tako tho case in hand. He had never lost a case, and ho did not earo to loso one, IIer.\ v.'aa sifwply hopeloas. The Earl of Strathspey* had accented and acknowledged one child aa hia own, and there was not tho least proof in tho world to establish the claims of this other, one. Nothing but tho fact that ho had a similar birth mark. A dozen children in the kingdom might have tho same thing I It was a weak caao, and he was forced to decliito either advico oraction jn regard to it. Tho couutoas wont away bitterly disappointed, yot forced to ficknowlcdgo tha truth of what tho lawyer had f(ft'id. Hho had m heart to make an other oftbrb. i Tho winter wont by slowly and drearily at Auk land Oaks, Hark days and disriml nights to poor, honrt"brokon Judith and hor lady. And spring brought them no hqpo, Tho young foliago begun to (sprout upon tho oak boughs, and tho Kentish hop-iielda to grow green in tho gonial fanlight, but for those two ihero came no Vift of light, no ray of liopo. Lady Strathspey made no effort to see licr own children. Iter husband's decree could not bedis ob3yed. Muoh as alio hungered, in l\» motherly tenderness, for littlo Pearl, oven for poor, sallow cheekcd Angua, alio made no effort to aco them, and Lady Novillo sent her no tidings in regard to thorn. With tho oponiiig of tho warm weather, she and Judith journeyed down to Dover, aud across tho Channel, and into tho green valley of .the Tyrol. Tho shepherd's cottago v/aa unchanged. The old man and his wifa still lived, and littlo Romulus was growing to bo a fine lad, stout and sturdy, and very handsome in his Saxon fairness; and with every year tho mark upon hia fair, round arm, grew deeper and ruddier. But ? tho old woman had a atraDgo atory to tell. "Only r» week before," said alio, "a Btrango woman had beon there, a handoomo woman, dark and tall, but with a wicked look in her oyea.- She wanted to aco tho child tho Oountosa of Strath apfiy had sent hor. Littlo Romulus was called up and paraded before hor, and she stared at him as if ho woro a ghost, her .faeo growing whito, and hor llmb3 shaking under her. Thon she wbnt away, but tho next day aha returned, and said the countess wished tho boy to ba brought to England, and had sent her to pay tho old people for thoir trouble and take him away. But the old people refused to give him up, and Jiold on to him in the faeo of all this alrange, dark woman could say and do." Lady Strathapoy grew white with terror, os alio heard this atory, and sho drew tho child to hor bosom with a convulsive clasp. " My darling, you aro ail I have," sho Bobbed, ' and thoy would rob mo of yon,' 1 And yon did not send tho at-rango woman then, ray lady ?" questioned tho old man. .Send her ? Oh, no, no 1' cried the countess ! " it is fiomo vile conspiracy, &omo; ornel falsehood, to get him out of tho way, thoy shall not, tlmy shall not liMoJiiui I My own boy, mv darling, my darling I' EomuluB looked up with wondering eyes, only dimly comprehending the causa of tho bfiautiful lady's tears, and listened gravely- while tho countess and tho old couplo dUcusBod their plans for tho futuro. Lady Strathspey desired to tako tho boy to England, and deeply as it grieved them to givo him up, they thought it would bo hotter. IIo might bo Btolon from them, and it was time, as his mother said, that' his education waa being cared for. Their arrangements wore made accordingly, nnd after a few day's sojourn in tho valloy, tho morrow was appointed for thoir departuro. The afternoon was unspeakably lovely. A May afternoon amid the sunlight Alpino peaks. Lady Strathspey took her little hoy by tho hand and started out for a walk, leaving Judith to assist tho old woman in her ovonlng labors. She strolled along tho edgo ofjtho valloy, tho great mountain poalcs towering above hor, little Itornu^lua gather ing blossoms and skipping pebblos, and WWf, the grim sheep-dog, tottoring along behind. Tho boy ran on shouting, and laughing, and shaking tho blonde ringlets over hia bright blue eyes j such a handsome, manly littlo fellow, 83 like his father, tho husband who had wronged find insulted her cruelly, Tlio countess watched him, her heart swelling and her eyes overflowing with tears.j Presently thay camo to a lovely little nook at tho very foot of a groat cliff, a mossy bod all over grown with wild blossoms and red berries. Lady Strathspey sat down on an arching rock, while Romulua gathered the borriea and blossoms and twined tliom into ft garland for Wolf's neck. Tlio afternoon sunshine streamed around them in rifts of gold, and tho murmur of tho river and the notes of tha ring-dovo filled their ears with music, in n littlo wlnlo a flock of goats camo bloating by on their way to tho cottngefoid, Wolf pricked up his earB and Btared after thorn, and littlo Romulua followed, shouting and laughing at tho , froliosomo gambols of tho lcids, Smiling sadly, tho countess aroso to follow, whon alfat onco, as if tho yawning mountain had sont it forth, a black figure arose before her; a tall, shadowy figure, with a wild, unearthly face, 'Countess of Strathspey,' it cried, with that same moolcing laugh, in that samo torrible voice Bho bo welt romomborcd, . liavo not mygwords como truo ? You arc robbed of your wealth and titles, scorned by your husband, and derided by tho world. My hour has como.' Lady Strathspey reeled back against tho rocks half-fainting in her terrible fright j but a Bhrill cry, a child's cry, aroused her. She started for ward juat In (time to neo tho black-robed figure disappoar round tho cliff', bearing littlo Romulus in its arms. The hoy was Haggling to get free and hig cap had fallen off, leaving hra fair head baro. Tho poor mother nover forgot that sight. With one wild shriok of agony sho darted a'ter them, but whon sho turned round the base of tha cliff they wero nowhere to bo aeon, Wolf, the sheopdo{?, leaving his cava of the goats, started off in pursuit, keeping his nose to the ground and baying deeply, But tho scent seemed to balHo him. In tho greon valley beyond tho clift thoro was nothing to bo scon but tho browsing goats and tho peaceful May sunshine ; and the poor animal, conscious it seemed that hia little playmato wan gone, ran back to tho spot whera his cap lay, and crouching down bosideit, howled mournfully. Lady Strathspey matlo her way back to tho cottage and told hor terrible story, The oli man sfcartad out an3 eummonod his neighbors to holp him. All night long, from tho rising to tho sotUng of tho stars, thoy hunted, scouring tho valleys, climbing tho bold cliffs, ?peering into tho rooky caverns, but littlo Itomulus could not bo fouud, 