Mr. Henniker Heaton and liisGhost.- -Mr. Bobert Dennis (says a London press telegram) sned Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., for Canterbury, for the recovery of £500. alleged to be due to bim for writing speeches, artioles in the National Review, and letters to the Times, against the Postmaster-General, (Hon. H. C. Baikes) from 1884 to 1888, also his statement read before the Colonial Conference; and for acting as Mr. Heaton's " Ghost." The action was settled by payment of £400, and £200 costs to the plaintiff. Mr. Henniker Heaton, onoe of Sydney, was employed at one time as canvasser for the lown and Country Journal. He married a Miss Bennett who is a part owner of that journal and the Evening News. Ha offered himself for Parliament here for a oountry constituency, but was defeated. He went to England, and mere poseu as a leaning .CLUstraiiau, creating some amusement here hereby. The colonies oame into favour in England, and Australians were honored and made muoh of. Probably that feeling helped Mr. Heaton's candidature for Canterbury, for whioh he was elected to the Imperial Parlia ment, under the auspices of the Conservative party. He always poses as an authority on Australian matters ; and has kept up a vigorous agitation for the reduction of postage fees between England and Australia. It is rather amusing to find that Mr. Heaton's speeches and letters on the matter of which he had made himself the champion were the offspring of the brain of a paid, at least an engaged amanuensis. The Evening News has been giving great prominence to his sayings, writings, and doings. Frequent expensive telegrams about Mr. Heaton's movements are prominently printed: in its columns. Does I this come from an inclination to do especial honour to one so nearly related to the pro prietors, or is Mr. Heaton, the special London correspondent of the News and remits those uninteresting telegrams about himself? As he is very seldom mentioned in the telegraphic news to the other journals ; some thing of the sort seems probable. Parnell- Times Commission. — At the sitting of the Commission on the 13tb, George Mulqueeny deposed that the knives used by the assassina of Lord Frederiok Cavendish, and Mr. Burke, were exhibited before the murders, in the offices of the Irish National League at Westminster. The witness also confirmed the payment of £100 by Mr. Parnell to Byrne. The Times base being completed, the enquiry stands adjourned to the 2nd April. The Times declares it awaits with perfect confidence the result of an impartial and thorough enquiry, , into Parnellism and its identification with crime in The " Mass " in the Church of XSnglnnd. — A writer in the R.O. Tablet of the 13t.li September sets himself to inquire whether the Mass is really pormisRibla in the Established Church, and finally exposes' the dishonesty of the whole proceeding, f Surely neither ' the word' nor ' the thing- 1. exists in the Church of England as by law established. The missals were ordered to be defaced or destroyed. The intention of the Beformers was to abolish the mass, and with it its essential doctrine of sacrifice. Bishop Bidley forbade his ministers to counterfeit the popish mass in any way. Consecrated' altar stones were desecrated and trodden: under foot by authority. The Ordinal was altered. The new ordainers disclaimed all intention of making 'sacrificing priests' which to my thinking settles the question of the validity of the Anglican orders. The ' chaBuble ' worn only by sacrificing priests; at the time of sacrificing was discarded ; and ; the cope, a vestment that can be worn by any; layman, was prescribed for use ' in Cathedral > and collegiate churches,' to be worn by the ' principal minister ' at the time ' of the administration of the Lord's supper.' Com promise left the word 'Mass' in the first prayer book of Edward VI., as explanatory subtitle of ' the Sapper of the Lord, and the Holy Communion,' as a sop to those time- servers who wanted some justification for conforming. The uncompromising spirit of the Beformation soon removed the word ' Mass." Was the thing left ? To the thirty- nine artioles all the clergy of the Church of England have given their solemn assent, and each one has bound himself to the use of the - book of common prayer in public worship, and to use ' none other except so far sb shall be ordered by lawful authority! Has the missal ever been ordered by ' lawful ' authority ' ? Yet the prayers from the Roman'' missal appear to be used by ' officiating' ' Bitualistic clergymen,' when publioly officiating, as supplementing what is lacking in their own ' Order of the Administration of the Lord's Sapper or Holy Communion.' " The Queen's present to tlae Pope on his Jubilee. — At the Ohiiroh Association Autumn Conference held at Brighton, England, Mr. Thomas Smelt, of Manchester, said " he had been assured by one high ;in authority that the Queen r'efusedio give a penny of her money for such purposes and further than that, that the Duke of: Norfolk gave every penny of it. To the .dis-, grace of Lord Salisbury it was-allowed, to gof forth that it was the gift of the Queen." 'r Tbe Pope's Income.— The S. M. Herald finds somewhere that " the Pope has lately examined the accounts of his income and expenditure daring the year 1888.r The following are the prinoipal figures :— From St. Peter's Pence he received £300,000 ; from interest of capital invested abroad, £100,000 ; from almB and other sources, £20,000 ; making a total income of £500,000 to which must be added about £80,000 received during tne jubilee, rue ordinary and extraordinary expenses of the Vatican' during the year have been as follows :— Alms given in Borne, £4000 ; alms given abroad, £4000 ; alms given in Italy, £4000 ; ordinary subsidies in Borne, £2000 ; ordinary subsidies in Italy, £3200; ordinary subsidies to the Church generally, £6000 ; ordinary subsidies to poor priests, £6000;. sums for the ' pro paganda, £20,000 ; sums for the diplomatic, service, £20,000 ; sums for missions, £40,000; administrative expanses, £40,000 '; maintenance of Apostolic palaces, £20000 ; ex penses of public monuments, £10,000 ; pay of the Cardinals, £80,000 ; maintenance ot semin aries, £90,000 ; divers, expenses, £100,000. The total expenditure is £339,200 which leaves a surplus of not much loss than a quarter of a million sterling." Auotlier Ritualist tbro w3 off his Mask. — The Bristol Times publish :s i. L-... _ o o a 1 a rtJjJurb tuau tut) ituv. u. upiumuu, wuu invoijr resigned the living of All Saints, Winter! bourne-down, has joined the Roman Catholic Churoh. He was a member of the ritualistic 'society of the Holy Cross,'- ;';aqdi; of-, -the "English Church Union,". and. of course .was an advanced ritualistic. He ought to have honestly gone over to Borne long ago. Would 'that all his; ritualistic brethren would openly go over to Rome, instead of staying in a Beformed Church, treaoherously endeavour ing to undermine it. It is amusing to hear ritualists jesuitioally protest that they do not desire to pervert people to Bomanism ; while, all the time from the ranks of their ritualistic societies, the Churoh of Borne is being con tinually recruited. Many ritualists, are really jesuit agents of the papacy; the others are deluded by the speoious pretences of the first named, who play on their childish love of show, of gaudy vestments, processions ; and of sacerdotal power. 