BISHOP GIBNEY'S VISIT TO THE VICTORIA DISTRICT. From a Correspondent. By the "Rob Roy," which arrived here on the 1st instant, the Right Revd. Dr. Gibney was a passenger on a pastoral visit to this district. On Sunday, the 3rd., his Lordship went to the Back Flats and celebrated Mass at St. Thomas, returning to Geraldton before the evening devotions, at which the Revd. Father Brereton preached an eloquent sermon on behalf of the Holy souls. On Monday morning, the altar was draped in black, and his Lord ship celebrated mass for the repose of the soul of the late Bishop Griver. During the week, His Lordship visited the site selected for the new Church, and express ed himself highly pleased with the central and elevated position secured. On Friday, the 8th, the Revd. Father Brereton took passage in the s.s. Flinders on a short mission to the Carnarvon and the Gascoyne districts. On Sunday, the 10th, the Bishop celebrated the 7 and 10 o'clock masses, and at the latter preached a profound sermon on the giving to Caesar, what was Caesar's, and to God what belong ed to God. His Lordship then announced, that he would go in the afternoon to lay the foundation stone of a Convent at the Back Flats. A train was engaged to convey to the scene, the Geraldton well wishers of the function, and at 2 p.m., a start was made with all the carriages and waggons available, most uncomfortably and inconveniently crowded. At one and a half miles from Walkaway, the train stopped at a cross-road leading to St. Thomas' chapel. Here, the Revd. Father Long, with a carriage, was awaiting the Bishop, as also were a great many people in all sorts of vehicles, scores on horse back and a multitude on foot. The distance from here to the church is about 1 1/2 miles of bush road. Arriving there, the first object that attracted our notice was a neat arch, erected over the corner of the new convent site with the emblem of the locality, a bundle of wheat on one pole and one of barley on the other, with, in the centre, a neat banner with a cross and inscription. People kept arriving from all directions, until there were between four and five hundred persons, and certainly not less than 100 horses on the ground. About 5 o'clock, the Bishop, accompanied by the Rev. Father Long, issued from the chapel and proceeded to the building site, where Mr. F. Ventura, Treasurer to the building fund, presented his Lordship with a very handsome silver trowel, and read an address from the Greenough C. Y. M.'s Society, to which his Lordship replied in emphatic words that he received the trowel with very great pleasure, and was going to use it now for the first time, in laying the foundation stone of this convent and school, but that he did not mean to let it rust for want of use, as he intended with God's help, to bring it back with him on three other occasions, to lay the found ations of three more schools in other localities of the Greenough district, and all within the next three years. I give as follows, a copy of the address presented to the Bishop, and a report of His Lord ship's reply taken from the columns of the Victorian Express : — " To the Right Rev. Dr. Gibney, Bishop of Perth. MAY IT PLEASE YOUR LORDSHIP.— We, the undersigned members of the Greenough Catholic Young Men's Society, beg to offer you on behalf of the Catholics of this district, a hearty welcome on this, your second visit amongst us. We are fully aware of your Lordship's en deavors to provide the means of imparting a sound Catholic education to the younger members of your flock, an education which will not only prepare them for their worldly pursuits, but one which, because based upon the principles of our holy religion, will help to fit them for the world above. While regretting our inability in the past, to provide suitable accomodation for school purposes, we rejoice that brighter prospects in this respect, are now before us, and that it has pleased your Lordship to consent to lay the foundation stone of a building in which, when complete, our children will receive, with God's help, the instruction they have so long stood in need of, and we trust that it will be blessed with the same suceess as has attend ed other institutions organized by your Lordship. We would here, refer to the spiritual work performed by our spiritual director, Father Long, who has always taken the deepest interest in our Society, and to whom, in a great measure, is due its success. In conclusion, we beg your Lordship's blessing in laying the foundation stone of this new convent, which we pray will prove a boon to the district, and especially to those under your spiritual care. We now beg to subscribe ourselves on behalf of the Greenough Catholic Young Men's Society. Your Lordship's Most obedient and affectionate children in Christ. JOHN PRENDERGAST, President. JAMES VENTURA, Vice-President. His Lordship replying, said. — It gives me very much pleasure and satis faction to receive this beautiful address from the Greenough Catholic Young Men's Society, and to be in your midst to perform this ceremony — a ceremony to take part in, which I came from Perth, I may say, express ly. It is a great pleasure to me, to see so many persons present to-day, as it augurs well for the future of this undertaking, and it is gratifying to me also, to take part in the work you are now initiating, because I can assure you, this educational work of ours is one I have deeply at heart. Believe me, when I say my love for the children, my anxiety for the future well-being of the rising generation, and my consequent desire to see facilities provided for giving them a suitable education, has led to me to make this resolve, that I will not allow a Catholic Church to be erected where a school house is needed. I would far rather give the children a sound Catholic education such as the nuns are able to impart, and do impart to the children, than anything in my power to bestow ; and I would not have those persons forget that the work we inaugurate to-day, besides being of importance to the Catholics of the locality, is also one of very great value and importance to the whole community in these parts. The benefits and advantages which will follow in this train, will be avail able to those outside, as well as those inside the Catholic Church, as has been the case in other parts of the colony, and indeed every where, where convents have been established ; but of course the matter is of primary im portance to Catholics. When our children are taught their duty to God and their fellow men, and when they have imparted to them such other instructions as will fit them for respectable places in society, we have orna ments in our midst. A child well-trained, is likely to grow up into a man or a woman whom it is a pleasure to know, a delightful acquaintance, a loving parent, and one who deserves a blessing from God Almighty ; and the education which the good religious sisters give to the children, is a moral as well as an intellectual education. The education which they give is no mutilated thing, I say, and I wish it to be known that their system is one calculated to bestow on those brought under its influence, those traits of character and mental qualities which make them what God would have them be — blessings to society. You must bear in mind, as I had occasion to say at Fremantle the other day, that education embraces two fields which have to be cultivated, as one is the intellectual, and the other is the moral — the one is in the mind, and the other in the heart ; and if you have both these fields well cultivated, the result is, you have perfect men and women, because you have the right intelligence to gether with the good dispositions, whereas, if you eliminate one, you have only half the work done. If you have a well-trained intellect, one capable of grasping great knowledge, and of forming a clear idea and notion of the laws of the various subjects which have been matters of study, of what good is all this, if the moral training has been neglected ? In such cases, the better part of the field has been left un cultivated. For after all, what is there to recommend in a man if he be not a good man, what is there to admire in a woman let her be ever so clever, if she be not virtuous. It might be a subject of reproach, to say to a man your intellectual training has been neglected, but if you were to be able to say to him, your moral character has not been formed, there would be the real sting, for what indeed after all, is the sterling value of education which does not improve the moral and spiritual side of our children's natures, and make them moral men and moral women. If the heart be not trained in the principles which should guide it, our educational work is in vain, worse indeed, for it is a most baneful work, a work as dis astrous as would be that of crowding all available sail on to a ship which lacked ballast. The two educational fields I have referred to, must be cultivated if our work is to be a sound work. It occurs to me to illus trate the view we take of the education question, by a story which is given in the Old Testament. Two women came before King Solomon, each claiming to be the mother of a child, and asked the King to decide between them, as to which of them was the rightful owner of the little one. The contention between the two women rose high, and quite a war of words was carried on between them. Sometimes they say her ladyship has a good tongue of her own (laughter), and you can understand the position in which the King found himself between the fires and cross fires of two angry women. Wise as the King was, he could not judge as to which woman the child belonged by the evidence before him. Well, as you know, this wise man laid for himself a deep decision, and resolved that he would judge from that. Now, he said to the angry disputants, we'Il divide the child, that is the only way to get over this difficulty. On hearing the King's proposal, one of the women beseeched him to do nothing of the kind. Don't divide the child, passionately pleaded this woman, give it up to her, pointing to her cold rival. Ah, said the King, as he watched the effect of his proposal. I now see which is the true mother ; she it is, who will forego her claim to the child, rather than it should be subjected to harm. And our good mother the Church, will not allow her children to be divided. She will not countenance a system of education that provides only for the training of the intellect, and under which God is practically driven out of the schoolroom. It is the sys tem, however, which is approved, I am sorry to say, by the Government of this colony. The good mother says, we'll not divide the children's education, but the false mother, the Government, insists upon such division, and we say the consequences of such division must be, and are baneful consequences. Now it happens that I live, thank God, on very friendly terms with the authorities in this country, and entertain for them individually, the highest respect. I do not therefore, say what I do say regarding this question, simply out of a spirit of opposition to the Govern ment. I do not even blame the authorities. I condemn their system of education, but I blame the people for it, as it is the people who give the power, and who consequently are responsible for the present godless edu cation given in the Government schools. It is because the people have so decided, that in the Government schools in this country, there is no religious training of any kind whatever allowed to be given during the hours which are fixed for the education of the children. It is true that, before the school proper opens, there is half-an hour allowed for so called religious instruction, during which time the children may, or may not, be pres ent, They may attend if their parents so decide, but what after all, is the nature of the religious instruction given during this shorl half hour ? It simply consists of the reading of a chapter by tbe teachers or the scholars from a book — it may be the Bible, or some other approved book. Let me ask, what would be thought of such a system, if this method of in struction were applied to arithmetic, let us say — what knowledge of arithmetic would the children derive from the master, simply reading sums from a book to them ! Absurd as is this system of instruction, it is the system by which moral lessons are supposed to be instilled into the minds of the children. From this fact, we are able to judge of the value set by the authorities on religious instruction, for as men value things, so do they apply themselves to the acquisition of them ; and as so little application is thought necessary to acquire a sufficiency of religious instruction, the authorities say the children shall have an hour only for moral lessons, and worse still, than these lessons are to be read out of a book without note or comment. But this is not so in those schools where the nuns are the teachers ; and is there any cause for wonder, that it is not so. The sisters are not hirelings, but do their work for the love of God ; they see in the children what Jesus Christ taught them to see in them, when, in the presence of a number of astonished lookers-on, he took in his arms one of these children, embraced it, and said whosoever shall receive one of such children in my name, receiveth me, and whatsoever is done unto one of these little ones in my name, is done unto me. The great motive which actuates them is not a money making one. They do the work for the love of it, and for the love of God. As soon as this foundation stone is laid, I am going to help you so far as I can, in raising the superstruc ture, but in turn, I am going to ask you to help me with other works of similar kind. The Catholics of this colony have undertaken to raise £1000 for educational work, and during the same time, the Government do not give us half that amount. Besides which, and because we teach the children those religious principles which we dare not dispense with at any price, what does the Government of this colony say to us ? It says that, although we are forced to recognise that the children attending the Catholic schools are so far as secular education goes, quite equal to, if not in advance of those attending the Govern ment school, we will only pay to the Assisted school, a grant half as large as that we are paying to our state schools. In effect, what is said to us, is this : We fine you for teach ing your children there is a God, and for at tending to their moral training. To put it this way, is not putting it too strongly in proof of which I refer any one of you to the official reports. From these, you will find that in efficiency, our schools compare favourably with the Government schools. We return quite as high, if not higher per centage of "passes," than do the other schools, then why should we not receive the same assistance ? To my mind, it is mani festly unfair under the circumstances, to deny us support equal to that accorded to schools where the name of God is practically banish ed. It remains for the people to say, whether this state of things is to continue, the power is in their hands to put a stop to it, if they will only use that power, and I hope they will use it that God may be honoured. The people who have congregated here to day to lay this foundation stone, are starting upon a good and noble work— one which has the approval of God, and I am sure He will bless them in bringing up their children, whom he loves with such an unbounded lore. I hope to lay three more foundation stones of similar institutions to this, in this district within the next three years. As soon as this is up, you must help another up. I will do all I can to help each one, and I hope all will live to see this work we have now in view, completed. I pray for you all. God bless you and your little ones. I make no distinction between Catholic and Protes tant— I pray for all of you, and I wish it to be understood that in this school, there will be the most perfect liberty, that no one will be excluded for religion sake, and if any are too poor to pay for the education of their little ones, care will be taken that their poverty shall not bring a blush to their cheek. We are a Christian people, and it is by the practice of the Christian virtues, we ourselves and out fellow-men are made happy. We have more satisfaction in loving our enemies, than in being avenged of them. This is the Christian law, and it is the incul cation of such lessons as these brought into practice, which makes men good and happy in this world, and wins for them God's smile and blessing. I have been called to task I believe, for speaking at Fremantle on this educational question in the strain in which I have spoken about it to-day. I have not yet seen what has been said about my remarks, but from what I can gather, it has been said that our Catholic children are no better than those in the Government schools. Now I never said they were, what I did say, and what I do say, is this, we teach them in our schools to know and love God, and I reproach the authorities or those who direct the authorities, for not doing as much. We all know that "evil com munications corrupt good morals," and I fear that our children, from time to time, fall in with associates who have not been taught as they have been ; but if they fall from the light path, they will know how to recover themselves. Well, now I think I have kept you long enough. I only hope you have taken up the ideas which I have endeavoured to give expression to. I hope you will help this work upward and on ward, and that you will also help to induce the Government to do what is right by the children, and what is right by us. I would not care if they did not pay us for the moral training we give the children attending our schools ; I do not expect payment. What I do complain about, is that we should be fined because, in addition to imparting to the children secular instruct ion equal in value to that imparted at the Government schools, we also give them moral and religious instruction. As I said before, the capitation grant to our schools is not more than half that paid to the Government schools. If we ask why is this, the answer is because you teach the children to believe in God, if you gave no care to their moral training, we would not fine you. The Gov ernment, however, have to pay dearly enough for it in the end. It costs them four times as much, for catching and warding criminals as it does for the education they give to the children. I maintain that, by their system of godless education, they make more criminals, which cost more than it would to provide religious education in their schools. Such considerations as these, I have laid before you to-day, I intend to yell about this country, so that the responsibility of the present system may not rest upon my conscience, and I will not rest, while I can let anyone know what I want to do, or what I should like to see done. I don't know whether the young men present, representing the Catholic Young Men's Society, will take this somewhat lengthy speech of mine as a reply to their address. I am glad to see so many of them present on this occasion. I hope they are all married or about to be married. I don't want to see them spending the best of their days merely showing off. I pray that, when they do marry they will all get good com panions, and I have no doubt they will indeed. I am sure they will, if they will only look out for those who have been well trained. Father Long then presented the Bishop with a beautiful silver trowel with which to lay the stone, remarking as he did so, that as his Lordship had expressed his intention of laying three more foundation stones in the district during the next three years, that trowel would not rust in his hands. On the face of the trowel, which was manufactured by Mr. Hooper, Fremantle, was engraved the following inscription : — PRESENTED TO THE RIGHT REV. BISHOP GIBNEY, GREENOUGH, W. A. NOVEMBER, 10th, 1889. The Bishop then, after invoking God's blessing on the parents and their chil dren, blessed the cornerstone, and declared it well and truly laid in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. The Bishop placed on the stone £20 as his donation, and that amount, in less than ten minutes, grew into £70 — which speaks well for a poor community which was all but washed away by the flood a few months ago. A procession was soon after, formed and headed by the C.Y.M's Society, made a circuit of the ground, singing the litany of the B. V. M. The train started at 7 p.m., and arrived at Geraldton at 8.30, when it stopped at the chapel gate, and most of the Catholics went to get Bene diction of the Most Holy Sacrament, which was given by the Bishop as the closing event of a happy and pleasant day. On Monday morning, His Lordship went by train to Northampton, where he visited the Sisters of St. Joseph's School, and expressed himself pleased with the attendance, as well as with the neatness and efficiency of the school. His Lord ship returned to Geraldton on Wednesday , and on Thursday, paid the boys' and girls' schools a long visit. The Bishop intended returning to Fre mantle by the Otway to-morrow (Sunday), but as the Franklin is expected on Mon day, he altered his mind in order to spend the Sunday with the Geraldton congre gation, and celebrated the 7 and 10 o'clock masses for them. 