The Laurel Bush. > By the Author op John Halifax, Gentleman. PART IV.—(continued.) Anntlu-r six months went by, and she still remained in the same place, though talking daily of leaving. They began to go into society ttnaiii, she and ber girls, and to receive visitors now and then ; among tbo rest, David Dalziel, who had preserved his affectionate fidelity even when he went hack to college, and had began to discover somehow that the direct road from Oxford to everywhere, wn.s through this secluded village.. I am afraid Miss Williams was not as alive as she ought to have been to this fact, and to the other fact that Helen and Janetta were not quite children now : but she let theyoung people be happy, and was happy with them, after her fashion. Still, hers was less happi, ness than peace; the deep peace which a storm-tossed vessel finds when kindly fate has towed it into harbour; with torn sails and broken masts, maybe, but still safe,' never needing to go to sea any more. She bad come to that point in life when we cease to be "afraid of evil tidingssince nothing is likely to happen to us beyond what lias happened. She told herself that she did.not look forward to the answer from Shanghai, if indeed any came ; nevertheless, she had ascertained what time the return mail would be likely to bring it. And, almost punctual to the day, a letter arrived with the postmark, "Shanghai." Not his letter, nor his liandwritiug at alL And besides, it was addressed to "Mrs. Williams." A sbndder of fear, the only fear which could strike her now—that he might be dead ' —made Fortune stand irresolute a moment: l.hoii go up to her own room before she openel if. "Madam,—I beg to apologize for having, read nearly thrcugh your letter before comprehending that it was not meant for me,, but probably for another Mr. Robert Roy, who left this place not long after I came liere, and between whom and myself some coufusion anise* till we became intimate, jiud discovered that we were most likely distant, very distant cousins. He came from St. Andruws, and was head'clerk in a firm here, doing- a very good buisnest'in tea and silk, until they mixed themselves up in the opium trade, which Mr. Roy, with one or two moreofourcommunity here, thought bo objectionable that at last he threw up his situation and del ermined to seek his fortunes in Australia. It was a pity, for he was in a good way to get on rapidly: but everybody who know him agreed it was just the sort of thing he was sure to do, and some respected liiin highly for doing it. He was indeed what we Scotch call 'weel respeckit' wherever he went. But he was a reserved man : made fnw intimate friends, though those lie did make were warmly attached to him. My family were; and though it is now five years since we have heard anything: of or from him, we remember him still." Five years! The letter dropped from her hands. Lost and found, yet found and lost. " What might not have happened to him in five years? But she r6ad on, dry-eyed; women do not weep very much or very easily at her age. "I will do my utmost, madam, that your , £ letter shall reach the laandB for which I am sure it was intended; but that may take some time, my only clue to Mr. Roy's where' abouts being the chance that he has left his address with our Jwanch house at Melbourne. * I,cannot think* lie is, dead, because *such ' • ' tidings'pass-rapidly fromone to another in our colonial communities, and lie waa too . . 'j ^much*beIoved for his deatlvto excite no eon■ cern." - ■ • *;>''• "1 make this long, explanation because it strikes me you may be a lady, a friend or . relative of Mr. Roy's, concerning whom he employed mo to make some inquiries, only yorsay so vary lictle—absolutely nothing— f • of yourself in your letter, that I cannot be at / all certain if you are the same person. ' She was a governess in a family named Dalziel, living at St. Andrews. He said he had written to that family repeatedly, but got no answer, and then; asked me, if anything, resulted from my inquiries, to write to him to the care of our Melbourne house. But no news eyer came, aud I never wrote to him, for which my wife still blames me exceeding. She thanks you, dear madam, for the kind things you say about our poor child, though meant for another pnr son. We have seveu boys, but little Bell was our youngest, aud our hearts' delight. She died after six hours' illness. "Again beggingyou to pardon my unconscious offence in reading a stranger's letter, and the length of this one, "I remain your obedient servant, * "R. Roy, "P.S.—I ought to say that this Mr. Robert Roy seemed between ,thirty-five, and forty, tall, dark-haired, walked with a alight fc,. stoop. He had, I believe, no near relatives ; r. whatever, and I never heard of bis having ' been married." ; Unnuesjiionably Miss Williams did well in ^ • retiijifg>4i> her chamber and locking the t , doOT'before she opened the letter. It is a v,j ( mistake to suppose that at thirty-five or . forty—or what age?—women cease to feel. H ^ ' I once was walking with an old maiden lady, "J >* talking of a character in a book. "He reminded me," she said, "of the very best man I ever knew, whom I saw a good deal of • - . when I was a girl ;" and to the natural t.-.. * t question,was he alive, she answered1 "No; lie died while he was still young.'' Her voice ' kept its ordinary tone, but there came a ft slight flush on the cheek, a sudden quiver ■ ■' over the whole withered face—she was some /' . * ' years past seventy—and I folt I could not " " say another word. , , . Nor shall I say a word now of Fortune J ' * Williams-, when she had read through and .. .wholly taken-in the contents of this letter. '<2 "*•! LUe begun fur her again—life on a new •JP* , * an4 yot on the old basis ; for it was f ' Btill Wutinpr, waiting—she seemed to be ; ' - „ among those whose lot it is to "stand and ■ " <, / * wait" nil their days. But it was not now in that absolute diirkuess and silence which it >, >' '* used to he. She knew thnt in all human ' - piobalnliti 1*.■!»•-■' t Kov w«s alive still some, " .wlipfe, mill liopf h'tver ts.unld wholly die out ' '-of tlie woiid ho long as lie was in it. His ' career, too, if not prosperous in worldly things, had baon: ono to make any heart that loved bim content—content and proud. For if he had failed in liis fortunes, whs it not from doing what she would most have wished him to do—the right, at nil costs ? Nor iiad ho quite forgotten her, since even so Into as five years back lie hud boan making inquiries about her. Also, he \va< then unmarried. ' > But human nature is weak, and human hearts are so hungry sometimes. "Oh, if he had only loved me, and told mo so P alio said sometimos, as piteously as fifteen years ago. But ,the tears which followed were not, as then, a storm of passionate despair—only a quiet, sorrowftil rain. For what could she do ?• Nothing. Now, as ever, her part seemed just to fold her hands and endure. If alive, he might be found some day ; but now she could not find him—Oh, if she could I Had she been man and the woman—nay, had she been still herself, a poor lonely governess,, having (to earn every crumb of her own bitter bread, yet knowing that lie loved her, might not things have been different ? Had she belonged to him,' they would never have lost one another. She would have sought him, as Evangeliue sought Gabriel, half the- world over. And little did her two girl? imagine' ns they called her down-stairs that night, secretly wondering what important business could make "Auntie" keep tea waiting fully five minutes, and set her after tea to. read some of the "pretty poetry, " especially Longfellow's, whioh they had a fancy for,—little did they think,, those two happy creatures listening to their middle-age-i governess, I who read so well that sometimes her voice actually faltered over the lines, lnw there was being transacted under their, very eyes a story which in its "constant anguish of patience" was scarcely less, pathctic tihan that of Acadia. For nearly a year after that letter came, the little family of which Miss Williams was the head, went on in its innocent quiet way, always planning, yet never making a change, until at last fate drove them to it. Neither Helen nor Janetta were vory healthy girls, and at Inst a LoikIoci doctor gave as his absolute fiat that thoy must cease to live in< their warm iul md village-, and migrate, for some years at any rate, to a bracing seaside place. Whereupon IXivid D.ilziel, who had somehow established himself ft-* the one masculine adviser of the family, suggested Wf. A Rva/imn onnnrrV* if*, wno of, any rate. remembered the winds used to out his nose off. And it was such a nice place too—sopretty,with such excellent society. He was sure the young ladies would find it charming. Did Miss Williams remember the- walk by the shore, atid the golfing across the Links ? "Quite as welt aa you could have done, at the early age of seven," she suggested, smiling. "Why are you so very anxious we should go to live at St. Andrews ?" The young fellow blushed all over his kindly eager face, and then frankly owned he had a motive. His grandmother's cottage, which sls6 had left to him, the youngest and her pet always, was now unlet. He meant perhaps to. go and live at it himself, when—when he was of agn and could afford it; but in the meantime ho was a poor solitary bachelor; and—and— "And you would like us to Ueop your nest warm for you till you can claim it? You want us for your tenants, eh, David ?" "Just that. You've hit it. Couldn't wish better, In fact, I liavp alreq/ly written to my trustees, to drive the hardest bargain possible." ' - Which was an ingenious modification of the trutlv as' she afterwards found; but .evidently th& lad had set his heart upon tlio thing. . And she? At first she had shrunk back from tho plan with a shiver almost of fear. It was like having to meet face to face somethingsome one—long dead. To walk ainong the old familiar places to see the old familiar sea and shore, nay, to live in the very same house, liauuted, as houses are sometimes, every room and every nook, with ghosts— yet with such innocent ghosts— Gould she bear it? There are some peopls who -have an actual terror of the past—who the m iment a thing ceases to be pleasurable, fty from it, would willingly bury it out of sight for ever. But others have no fear of their harmless dead—dead hopes, memories, loves—san sit by a grave-side, or look behind tiiein ut a dim spectral shape, without grief, without dread, only with tenderness. This woman could. i (to bb continued.) 