La lulette, AKKO 1S14. . .. Ur W. GtAJRK RtSSELL. . t Couldn't have guessed what weight there was in this ocean swell till I felt the volume of it from the low seat of the ship's quarter-boat. . The Bvby looked to be rolling on it <w heavily again as she Eceeraea to have bec-a when I was en her tleek, and the beat of ker canvas dgaihst the mast tang irt vsUejfc tlu-ough the air likethe sxploeittli of batteries up tiere. Hie itTt- ct came andwent as we sank and waited, and I caught the second mate eyeing her somewhat anxiously as though theorizing to himself upon the safest dodge to board her. She was furthefc off than I should h&vfe; deemed possible, so deceptive ifc distance at sea, and though, the fire ee&lilen; pulled eheenl^ the 30b f In en suring the interval between tie two {•raft, what with ihe Voluminous heave of the Ewell running 6.t us, and what -with the roasting sunshine that lay like a sense -SiLB-aralraiB in the backbone, proved very found tiufe^er^-sfcernTl^po&fc; tier starboard side'^roSdlbe cSkr of Wreckage, l^anced-at.'^aiE jBti&ifsindsaw; hauling ^oivnbecflym^3ib.5ratliliaiidBj3n. tlie ctossjack-yard-•rolling-die<-sail up; There trere spars and sa litter of trailing gear on either side die bulk; every roll was a spiteful snapping at the ropes with a drag of the floating sticks which, sometimes made the water foam. ••. "We must board her astern,' said the hiate, "and stand by foir a handsome dip of tlie counter." > Our approach was very cautious ; indeed it was necessary to . manoeuvre very gingerly indeed. We. got on to the quarter and watchmg his chance the bow oarsman cleverly sprang through the crushed rail as the deck buoyantly swang down to the heave of tlie boat carrying the end of the painter with him: the mate followed, atid I after a tolerably long intervsi, wantmg perhaps tie nerve and certainly the practised limbs of the sailors. In truth I may as well say here that I should have stuck to the boat and waited for the mate s report but for tie dislike of being laughed at when £ returned. 1 very well knew I should not be spared, least of all by those amongst the passengers who would have forfeited fifty pounds rather than, have quitted the shin. \- • The hull had a desperately wrecked look inboatds with tlie mess of ropes, staves, jagged ends, crushed rails, rents manifesting the fury of the hurricane. X swept a glance along m expectation of beholding a dead body, or, if you will, some scarcely living though ret "breathing man; but nothing of the kind was to be seen. The mate hung his bead over the companion batch from which the .cover, had been clean razed and peered down, then shouted and listened. But no other sound followed than the longmoan and liujre washing sob of the sireH bnmmmg to tlie wash-streakwitlia dim soii of choking gurgling noise as of watersteeamiiig fiVim side to side m the hold. " Hardly worth while exploring; those mnist bowels. I tlunir^sir," said the mate,. "Oli, yes," said I, ' if we don't takea i>eep under deck what mil theie be to tell t This is a quest of the ladies' making, remember, and it must be a .complete thing, or * stand by,' as you sailors say." "Right you are, sir," said be, "and so here goes," and withthatheputhiS'foat ujK>n the companion-ladder and: dropped into the cabin. I followed at Ins heels, and both of us came to a stand at tlie bottom of the steps whilst we stared round. There was p T "f light to see by s&eammg; down tin the stylist aperture and the batch, cabin was a plain snuff-coloured room, «-ith 3 few sleeping beriis Tunning forward, a r -jigli table somewhat hacked and cat about as if with the slicing of tobacco, a row of lockers on either hand, a. stand of firearms right aft, and tome twenty cutlasses curiously stowed in a sort of brackets under the ceiling or upper deeL Hot as it was above, the -cabin struck chill as though it were an old wdL Indeed, you saw that it had been soused over and over again by the seas which had swept the vessel, and there was fenny, seaweedy flavour in the atmosphere of if that made you think of a cave deep down "1 .a sea-fronung cliff "We looked into the sleeping-births, going fore aid to There 1 movable bulkhead stopped the "•oad It was not easy to walk- the m creasing weight of "the swell was defined "T the Tieavy, though oompaiatirely buoyant, rolling; of the bulk The .deck ""eat ia s'opes like the loof of a bouse from side to side,' "gty jerk that more than throwing me, when forced the dismast® fernery. "Tliere's nobody said the mate- "jk. sebes to look for her papers, Hi.' , Ko; but tins is-pnlypeue *J"1>.' I answered. ^ISiOFe uiscoveiy to that u'to die 'twei We laid hold of ilic Crar-j>, peering a bit, for this p&H; o£ iiie ca'biii lay in gloom, we found that it stood in grooves, and without much trouble we slided it open, and the interior, to as far as a bulkhead that walled off a bit of forecastle, lay clear before us in the daylight -, shining through the main hatch. Here - were a number of hammocks dangling from the deck, and some score or more-of seamen's chests and bags in neaps. some of thorn split open, with, quantities of rough -wearing apparel scattered about, insomuch that I never could hare Imagined a scene of wilder disorder, uor one more suggestive of hurry, and panical consternation, and delirious headlong behaviour. "Nobody herfe, sir." said the mate. I answered, "I suppose lie? people left her in their boats, Snd that one of Hie wretches who were forced to remain behind wrote the letter m received the otliei mglit" " At sea," said tie mate, " there is no imsginmg how matters come about I allow that the three men Lave been taken off by some passing vessek Anyway fre've done out bit, .aad th&^tptfjii, I Hatki" cned.1, ?wcare relaHeafiqmS 1 1 J, fte-deck." A Seksw there 1 ' stonfEd^-foiceTlriJie companion.-hat<3i.- "'fliey've fired a gun aboard tlie Indiaman, Kir, and -have :-rmi . . the ensign up balf-masted. The weather looks mighty queer, sir," "Ha!" cned ttie mate,"come along,; Mr. Catesby." We walked cautiously and With difficulty affc, gained the companion-ladder and ascended. My instant glance went to the Huby. She. had furled her main- 4 a sail and fore and mizen top-gallant sails, liauied down, her lighter sfcaystails and big standing 31b, and as kglanced at her: a a gun winked m a quarter-deck pore, and the small thunder of it rolled sulkily up against the wmi In fact, whilst we were below, the breeze bad chopped clean round, and tie Ruby was to leeward of the wreck, with a veiy heavy swell rolling along its former course, the wind dead the mother .way, beginning to whiten, the ndges on each hn^e l-ound-backed^ fold, and a white thickness—a. ilymg squall of vapour it looked to me, with a. seething and creaming line of water along thebase of it as though, it was something solid that was -coming along—sweeping within half-a-mile of the wreck right down upon us.. Tlie mate sent a look at it and uttered a ciy. " Haul the boat alongside.' he shouted to tlie fellow m her; "handsomely now, lads. Stand by to jump into her," he cried to the seaman who had been the first to spring on board the wrect wit3i the end of the line. , . , ^ They brought tlie boat humming and buzzing to Hie counter: tiie sailor standing •on the tafiiail plumped mto her like a cannon- shot; 'twas wonderful he didni scutde her. The mate whipping the; painter off the pin, or whatever it was that it L had been belayed to, held it by a turn whilst he bawled to me to .wateli: my chmce aud jump. But the wrack, lying dead in the trough wt> rolling 111 1 quite irenzied ways like a see-saw desperately woited. " Her mo emenis, combmed with ihe soaring and falling of the boat, were absolutely confounding I would gaiber myself togeiier for a spring, and then, before I could make it, ; the boat was Eliding, as it might seem to me, tv-enfcy or thirty feet deep and away " JTnmp, for God's-sake, sir," cried the tSon'fc mean to break my neck,"7 answered, lnatableTsiflifiie nervous flurry, that "had come to me with. «i sudden ,abominable sense of incapacity and Kelp As I spoke lie words, sweep 1 came the white smother off the sea over ns with a spitefull yell of wind of a weight that smote the cheek a blow which might have forced the strongest to turn bis back. The hissing, and seething, and eracklmg of the spume of the iirst of tiie squall: was all about lis ma breath, and in tlie -beat of a heart too Hie Puby and fte ocean all her way -vanisbed^ui ihe wild and terrifying eclipse-of Sie thick, silveiy, holding", steam like mmfc "bJ , IJiave done it31imf cried the mate Hie «nd of llie painter had been' diassEd from Ins liand or be"Had4etit •ran & headed for us,-Hieir g^^g^ ladmen r WftSffl „.-„ _ DOtr stem 43 if. we-iffirr, 1 ricd t!io jnaU, "follow me.'Jr. Oiicoj, tlie sickening bewilderment caused by the wreck's violent rolling, seemed to have driven all my witsdear out of my head. Tlie boat was scarcely more than a smudge in the thickness, vanishing and showing as she - swept up and rushed down the liquid acclivities, held with her bow towards the hulk by the desperatelyplied oaTs of the Towers. The mate was borne down rapidly towards her. I could just- see three of the sailors leaning over the side to diiag him out of the water; the nest instant the little fabric had vanished in the thickness, helplessly and witi horrible rapidity blown out of sight the moment the men. ceased rowing to rescue their officer. T do hot knotv hotv long all this may iai'e occupied ; 3: fmv ruinates maybe sufficed for th& whole of the tragic passage. ,I stood staring and staring, in^edul«us of the truth of wliafc bad be fallen me, and then with an. inexpressible siclaiess of heart I Sang myself down upon the deck under the lee of a little space of bulwark, too dizzy and weak with tie horror that po«si^Bed me to maintain my footing on that vildl^ sway ; . _ the ward.—jfcte ...Khrp .^tmdraSiopmaEfeSii ogga31ant sfcuddmgsailsj w5ien witiiouian odeisBL^Wiiinicb-ssitireii^^eooiidsxtfi -calm she was taken right aback by a •wind that came with the -temper of half a gale in it, whilst :aa jf hy magic a fog white and' dense as wool Aras boiling and shnekmg all about her. For some time my consternation was so heavy that I gat mechanically stating into that part of the thickness where the boat had disappeared, without giving the least heed to the sea or to the wreck. - It was {hen blowing in earnest, the ocean still densely shrouded with flyng vapour, and ugly bit of a sea racing over the swell that rolled its volumes to windward. A smart shock and fall of water on to the forecastle startled me into sudden perception of a real and imminent dagger. The fore scuttle was closed, but; the main and companion .hatchways yawned opened to the weather; there were no bulwarks worth talking of to increase the wrecks height of side, and to binder the free tumbling of the surge on to the decks, so -if the wind increased and the sea grew heavier, the hulk must inevitably fill and go down like a thunderbolt! It would be idle to try to express the thoughts which filled me. I was like one stunned •: now lasting an eye at the sea to observe if the billows were increasing," now with a heart of lead watchimr tlie water-frothing upon the deck, as t-he huH heaved from one side to another; then straining my sight witJi a mad passion of eagerness mto the vapour that chat off all view of the ocean to withm a cable's length .of me. There was nothing to bo done. Even could 1 have met wnh tarpaulins, there was no sailor s stall 111 me to spread and secure tliem over the open hatches. However, when an hour -bad; passed in this way, I took notice of a small failure in the wind, though there was 110 lightening of tlie impenetrable trust. The folds o£ tlie svrellhad diminished, and tlie sea was running steadily: tlie bull with her broadside -dead on nose and fell with regularity and though at long intervals he surge stanck her bow, and blew in. crystals over the head, or r eli m scores; of bucketfulls upon the deck, nothing more than spray wetted the dftei Jiarfc of her It was now about sixo'clock in theeven 1 ing In two hours fame the night would hare come down, mid if Uie weather did; not clear, tie blackness Tiould.be that of tie tomb "What would the JSuby dot Remain hove to, and wait for moonlight or for daybreak to seek * r me ? A fag mentof comfort Ifonnd in sememberuig that Hie wreck s position would be known, to Captain Bow -and his mates, bo ihat fiieir search lor me, if they searched at there might be no water or provisions on loiid, I was /seized with 3 jsuddeji ifcnst, b*ed by the mere apprei nion Jiafc I. might come to want a -droit. Tin still light enough to-enable me to search tie Lifcp^*, and now 1 sappose something of , ' forl made up my jnmdto waste no mo mentof &e; pj®cious semammg time of day an imaginations of horror andof death and an. dreams of desperate despondent j I ifcnt -on any hand® and knees to fee hafeh, 1st if I stood up I should be kuockfid -dowD- hj ihfi"abrupt soiling of the craft, and entered ttuBJainn. deck >11 Sras naked -aui sea >wept irom. iafei to Sie "eyes," af ^isre little I found a cask of ship's bread, a small cask (like a harness cask) Vquarier full of raw pickled pork, a jar of'tvinegar, two. laige jacs of red wine, and, best of all, ,a srnaE barrel about half full of fresh Water, slung against the bulkhead, with a little wooden: tap fixed m it, for tie convenience aa l supposed of drawing for cabin use.. - There were other articles of of food such as flour, pickles, dried fruit, aadso on; the catalogue would be tedious, nor does my ineinoiy cariy them. I pouredsome mne into a tan paimikin, and found it very palatable/sound claret; I mixed me a draught with cold water, and ate a biscuit with a little slice of some land pf salt sausage, of which there lay a lump in a dish, and found myself extraordinarily refreshed. I cannot tell you indeed how comforted T was by this discovery of provisions and fresh water, for now I guessed that if . the weatier did not drown the wieck, I might be able to support life on board of her until the Ruby took me off, which I counted upon happening that night if tie moon shone, or most certainly next morning at latest. My heart however sank afresh when I regained the deck. Tlie sudden change froux the life, the cheerfulness, the security of the Indlanian, to i/iis—"oli, my 0od!"my God!" I remember exclaiming as I sank down under the lee of the fragment of bulwark, with a wild look around into the thickness and along the spray-darkened planks of the heaving and groaning derelict. The loneliness of it l:iio sounds saving the dismal crying of tie wind sweeping on high through the atmosphere, and the ceaseless seething and hissing of the dark green frothing seas, swiftly chasing one another' out of sight past tie wall of vapour that circled the ^ wreck, with the blank and blinding mist itself to tighten as with a sensible ligature into unbearable concentration the <lreadful- sense of solitude in my soul. Slowly the wind softened down, very gradually tie seas sank, andtheirwonying note of snarling melted into a gentler tone of fountain-like creaming. But the vapour still filled tie. air, and so thick did it hatig that, though by my watch I know it to be the hour of sundown, I was unable to detect the least tinge of hectic anywhere, no faintest revelation of the fieiy scarlet light which I knew mrist be suffusing the clear heavens down to the easternmost confines above this maddening blindness of mist. Tien came the blackness of the night. So unspeakably deep a dye it was that you would bare thought every luminaiy above: had been extinguished, and that Hi" eaiii hung motionless in the sunless opacity of chaos out of which it had been called into being The hours passed. I held my seat on the deck with my back against a bulwark stanchion. It was a warm night with a character as of the heat of* steam owing to tie moisture that loaded..and jtiiicLened the atmosphere astonishment?''-®"' *>f-ih'e- _ from ihe-ades'ioFSie wrecTy-and-ii •was nothing else for the sight to rest; upon. " At midnight it was blowing a small breeze of wind and the sea running gently—at midnight I mean, -as I could best reckon; but the darkness remained unchanged, and I might know that the fog was stall thick about me by no dimmest spectre of moon or star showing. I then slept, and soundly too, for two. 0 tlu-ee hours, and when I awoke it was daylight, -iio sea clear to lie horizon, the sky a soft liquid blue with, masses of white vaporous cloud hanging under t like giant bursts of steam, and the sim. fining with a aorfc of misty splendour some degree or two above There was 3 pleasant air blowing out of the }iorth, with power to wrinkle tie water and no more My limbs were so cramped that for a long nMe I was incapable of using, "when at last my legs liad recovered their jwjrer I stood eneci andEwept^heocean.with my ejes. Bat! thehght blu-e surface went in undulations naked to tie bend of iheieavens on all* sides X looked and looked again, but to no purpose I steamed my sight Ml an intolerable torment in my eyeballs forced -to close my lids. There *was iiotiing jn -wew 1 very well remember falling on »y knees and grovelling upon tie dei-k m the uni "-h 01 m (-pint 1 b id so-surely counted on. daylight exhibiting thf Hvby somewhere Hwiihin. tie jarde which .enclosed-me Jiat aifi disappoint merit thapcamfi out ofjie'baid vacancy the cabins for a chair to sit upon on deck, for a mattress to lie upon, for something also that might make me a little awning, and pushed open the door of the berth immediately facing tlie pantry -as I may call it The wreck was rolling; very lightly, and her decks were now as easy.' of stepping as the Indiaman's. This berth contained a bonk and bedding, a sailor's , chest, some clothes banging against the bulkhead, but nothing to serve my turn. Hie next was similarly furnished saving that here I took notice that a small quantity of wearing apparel lay about as though scattered in a hurry,; and that the lid of a great box painted a dark:green with, the letter !) in white upon it had been split open -as though the contents were to be. rifled, or as though the lock had resisted and there had been no time to coax it save by a chopper, passed into a third cabin; This had some comfort of equipment in the shape of shelves and a chest of drawers, and had doubtless been tie commander's.- There; was .- a very handsome telescope on. brackets, a few books, a quadrant, a large silver.timepiece, a small compass and one. or two other matters of a like sort upon a little, table fitted by hinges in a corner, there were three chests in a row with a litter of boots and. shoes, a soft liat or two, a large handsome cloak costly with fur, and so forth, strewed about the deck. - • I was looking with some wonder at these articles when my eye was taken bv' something bright near the smallest of the three chests. I picked it up; it was an English sovereign. Others lay about as though a handful had been clutched and dropped—here being the same manifestations of terrified hurry , as, it seemed to me, I witnessed in tb e other cabins. Tlie lid of the small chest was split in halves, and tie chopper that had seemingly been wielded rested against the side of the box...- A massive padlock was still in the 3.. I lifted the half of the lid and was greatly astonished by the sight of a quantity of gold pieces lying in divisions of a tray that fitted the upper part of the chest. Each division contained coins of various nations. They were all gold pieces—English^ Portuguese," Brazilian and coins of the United States. I prized open tie padlock part o£ the lid and seized the tray to lift it that I might observe what lay underneath. But the weight of gold in it was so great that I had to exert my utmost strength to raise one end of the tray on to the edge of the box; which done, I was able to slide it along till the bottom of tie box was revealed. The Bight of the gold had filled me with expectations of beholding some amazing treasure under the tray What I there sm was a heap of rough bnck shaped stuff of a dull, rusty reddish tint I grasped a lump, and though I bad never seen gold in that form before, I fasfiet^ trjrjthe exfasordibarv weight 'JSfflia^taMlS^?' _ »a3ii3in£>iier-silook -around- -me - for GJiy ., art icle iliai. might be useful to me on deck. The exciter ment kindled by the spectacle of the gold rapiilly died-away. I dully mnsed on it, so to speak, whilst my eye roamed, languidly speculating about it, with a strange indifference in my thoughts, concluding that it represented the privateersman's sorted plunder; that in all likeli- liood, when the rush had been made to tie Wts, one or more had split open this chest to fill their pockets, but had been obliged to fly ior then lives ere they Midd-&id;"tiinefcr.moreihan^scramblmg clStch at lie tray. But it was tie con tents, no doubt, of liis^hest—i^ indeed, tins chest held all the treasure of the! that was indicated by iie of-lie letter an the coneludingilme. of 14 the closing words of which bad; been found illegible by the young fellow -who iranslafced tie missive. J- put the telescope under my arm and passed into the cabin, and. found a small chair near -tie arms-rack, and near It, " iroon iie -deck, lay a great cotfcon,nmh't" L, oi'd vft 111^1 t'^e in of the cabin. X took it up thankfully, and -carried it with iie chair up tie steps. There tv.ts a great plenty of ropes-ends; Jeaockmgiaboufc I cuta piece and unlaid iie stem<H. and, securing the umbrella to a stanchion, sat down -on. lie chad: sunder,afe; shelter ihe deck would Sia\e beeinnsnj) portalile, for, low as iie sun still was an brand new tin for the dazzle of It, and as the morning advanced the heavy vapourous clouds of daybreak melted out into curls and wisps like to the crescent moon, with a clear sky rising a pale blue from the horizon to overhead to where it swam into the brassy glory which flooded the central heavens. Weary of sitting and exhausted by looking, I put down the glass and went to the main hatch with, the idea of making out what water there was in the hold. The pumps were gone, and the wells of them sank like black; shafts -under the deck. But whatever there was of water in the kulk lay so low that I could not catch so much as a gleam of it. There was. some light cargo in the hold—light, as I reckoned by. tie sit- of the wreck upon the water— chiefly white wooden cases, with here and; there canvas bales; but whatever might have been the commodities, there was not much of . them, at least amidships, down into which I stood neering. I then, walked on to tie forecastle and lifted tie hatch- cover. This interior looked to have been used by the people of-La Midette as a sort of sail-locker. The bulkhead extended but a veiy short distance abaft the hatch, and the deck was stowed with rolls of sails, coils of spare rigging, hawsers, tackles, and so forth. I put my head into the aperture and took a long and careful survey of the inferior, for the mate and I had not explored this part of the brig, and it was possible. I thought, I might find the bodies of the three survivors here. But there was nothing whatever to be witnessed in that way; so I closed the hatch again and went aft. The day passed, the light breeze lingered, but it brought nothing into sight. I would think, as I sent my glance along the nakei^sea-swept, desolate deck, gannt and skgMton-like, with its ragged exhibition of splintered plank and crushed bulwark, that had there. been a mast left in the hull I might from the summit of it be able to see tie Euby, whose topmost cloths lay sunk behind the horizon to the eyes which I levelled from the low side of the wreck. " Oh!" I would cry aloud, "if I could but be sure that she was near me, though hidden!" Maddening as the expectation might have been which the sight of her afar would have raised in me, yet the mere having her hi view, no matter how dim, deceptive a speck she proved, would have taken a deal of the bitterness, the heart-subduing feeling of hopelessness out of the wild and awful sense of desolation that posssed.me. The sim sank . with, the telescope trembling mjnj hands I made a slow, painful circle of the ocean whilst the western mag m&cence; lay upon it, and then let fall the glass and fell into the chair, and with lowed head and tightly folded arms, and eyes closed to mitigate by the shadowing of fie lids-the anguish or the fires which desgair^had. Jandled m them—for my wicck. with tie brilliance of stais. after eight the moon, rose, a moist, purple shield, at whose coming the light draught of wind died out and- tie ocean flattened . into a breathless polished surface. When presently the moon had soared and whitened, tlie sea looked as wide again as it was to the showering of her light brimming the atmosphere witha delicate silver haze; indeed there went a shadowing round about its confines to the shaft of moonlight on the water that made it hollow where lie wreck lay, and at was like floating m the vastness of the "firmament that bent over it to glance over the side of lie hull .and see tie mirror like breast .studded with reflection of laiger stars, and to follow tie shadow of •the ideep,-curled at :£he -extremities as ;it seemed, to iie tropic astral dust "tiat twmkled there like dew trembling to the breath of a summer night wind I had brought up some blankets from, below and these I made a kind of mattress of under tie shelter of the umbrella It was about ten o'clock I think when I threw3nyself:down:upoi).tiiem.-Apleasant breeze was then blowing- directly along iie wake of moonlight, -and the water was Bpphng -like the - murmurs -of a fountain against the sides of tie pale, silent, gentljrolling hulk I lay awake for a long time; 1 1 listening to this -cool, ' refreshing, ' tiukhng " sound of nmmng ripples, w~th a mind somewhat weakened by jny distress. Jjit ieedvmany-thoughts wearmgacompleaon. otdebmm passed through my head with whiA-m a menace of madn' .'mysvrtsbeen equaltotie-sigmfieance ®cani- eca31 seaBg^ _ towards ^uihthc blankets groaning. But the agitation did not linger; some fresh deception cf the brain would occur and win my attention to it. - This went on till I fell to deep. Meanwhile the breeze continued to blow steadily, and the rippling of water along the bends was like the sound of the falling of large raindrops. I awoke, and turning my head towards the forepart of the wreck, I spied the figure of a man erect and motionless on the forecastle. The moon was low in the west; I might guess by her position that daybreak was not far offi By her red light I saw the man. I sat erect and swept aglance round; there was no ship near me, no smudge upon the gloom to indicate a vessel at a distance. Father of heaven! I thought, what is it? Could yonder shadowy form be one of the three sailors who had been left on the wreck? Surely 1 had closely searched the hull; there was nothing living aboard of her but myself. The sweat-drops broke from my brow as I sat motionless with my eyes fixed upon the figure that showed with an inexpressible ghostliness of outline in the waning moon%hfc. On a sudden there arose another figure alongside of him, seemingly out of the bard planks of the deck, then a third ; and there the three of them stood apparently gazing intently aft at me, but without a stir in their frames, tiat I could witness. Three of them ! I rose to my feet and essayed to speak, but could deliver no more than a whisper. I tried again, and this time my voice sounded. "In the name of God, who, and what are you?" " Ha!" cried one of them; He said something to his companions, in words which were unintelligible to me, then approached, followed by the others, all three of them moving slowly, with a wavering gait as though giddy. "Som drink for Christu's sake!" said the man who had cried Ha! pointing his finger at his mouth, and speaking in a tone tiat made one think of bis throat as something rough, like a file. By this time it was clear to me they were no ghosts. I imagined them negroes, so dark their faces looked in the dim west xavs and failing starlight. Whence they had sprung, in what manner they had arrived, I could not imagine : but it was not for me to stand speculating about them in the face of the husky appeal for drink. There was a parcel of candles in the pantry—as I term it. I had a flint and steel in my pocket, and followed by the men, I led the way b"low, bidding them stand a wide till r obtained a light, and after groping and feeling about mth my hands, I found the paper of candles, lighted one, and then called to the men They arrived I pointed to the jars, saying m English, there was wine in them and then to the slun^ cask of water, and then to the foodonthe shelves They instantly both fists full, and cramming their mouths They were not very much more distinguishable by the feeble light of the candle than on deck; however, I was able to see they were not blacks. The man who had me was of a deep Chmese yellow, with lineaments of an African pattern, a wide flat nose, huge lips, eyes like little shells of polished ebony glued on porcelain. His hair was the negro s, black wiry wooL He wore a short moustache, the fibres like the teeth o£ a comb, and there was a tuft of black wool upon his chm. Small gold earrings, a greasy old Scotch cap, a shirt like a dungaree jumper, and loose trousers thrust into a pair of half 'Wellingtons, completed iie attire of tie ugliest, most villainous-looking creature I had ever set eyes on. His companions were longhaired, chocolate-browed Portuguese, or Spaniards—Dagos as the sailors call them; I noticed a small gold crucifix sparkling upon the mossy breast of one of them. Their feet were naked, inaeed their attire consisted of no more than a pair of duck or canvas breeches, and an open shirt, and a cap. They continued to feed heartily, and several times helped them- - selves to the wine, though before doing so, the yellow-faced man would regularly point to the jar with a nod, as though asking leave. Tou Engbs, sab ?" he exclaimed,. -when he had made an end of eating. I said yes. "How long you been hear, sab?" ••...-.' ° I told him. He understood me perfectly though I spoke at length, relating m fact my adventure. I then inquired who he and his companions were; and his stoiy was to the following effect: That lie was tie boatswain, and the other two able seamen of a Portuguese ship called ike Mary Joseph, bound to Singapore or to some Malay port. The vessel had been set on fire by one of the crew, an Englishman, who was skulkmsr drunkenly below after broaching a casn of rum. They had three boats which they hoisted out; most of tie people got away 111 the long boat, six men were in the second boat, be and his two comrades got mto the jolly boat. Thev bad with them four bottles-of water, and a small bag of ships bread, and nothing. more; They parted company with tie other boats m the night, and had been four days adnft, sailing northwards by the sun as they reckoned, ing an eager nothing ; until that -evening,;4hey_spied the speck of -this wreck, and made -for it, but so scant was tie wind and so weak their arms, that it had taken them nearly all night to measure the distance, which would be a few miles only. They got their boat under the bow-r-she- was lying there now, he said-—-and stepped on • board one after tie other. This explained to me their apparition. Of course I had not Been tie boat or heard her as she approached, and to me lying affc, the three men nsi the bows looked as though like essences they had -shaped the forecastle out through, the solid plank. I addressed the others, but the yellow mail told me that their language -was a jargon of base Portuguese, of wlucil I shotdd be able to understand no more than here and there a word, even, though 1 had been bred and educated m Lisbon. "Wo modi see to dab boat," he exclaimed, and spoke to his mates, ap: paren% to that effect (To Ik continued ) Wsosoeveb -would be sustained by the : hand of.-God, let him constant! v lean upon it; whosoever would be defended by it, let liitn patiently .repose himself under it t -sshicii leave the arrestfuie prostrate I helpless, vam h awayhefore it IiiiM- .Lrt **o fond rl ha n V i.l'ui who Xtow MB, ME, CATBSBFj OB WE ABE BEAT) HES!" <! T.TT-nm the tt»t.t- or the hb asd was chshh astokished by the sight os a qtukectc or gohj pieces " 