THE NOVELIST. THE BONDMAN, A NEW SAGA. By Hall Cairb, Author of "The Deemster." "A Son of Hagar," " Xhe Shadow of a Crime," &o.;, &o.; (All rights reserved. J CHAPTER XX. THIS PEACE OATH. There was short ehrilt for Bed J mod. He was tried by the Court nearest the spot, and 'wniol that was the Criminal Court over which the Bishop in his civil capacity presided, with nine of his neighbours on the Benoh be side him. From this Court an appeal was possible to the Court of the Quarter, and again from the Quarter Court to the High 1 Court of Althing; but appeal in this oaBe there wbb none, for there was no defence. And because Icelandic law did not allow of the imprisonment of a criminal until after he had been sentenced, an inquest was called forthwith, lest Jason shonld esoape or com pass the crime he had attempted. So the Court of' Enquiry eat the same night in the wooden shed that served both for Senate and House of Justice. The snow was now falling heavily, and the hoar was late, bat the Conrt-houee was thronged. It was a little place—a plain box, bare, featnreleBs, and chill, with walla, roof and seats of wood, and floor of hard earth. Fonr short benches were raised, step above step, against the fartheet aide, and on the higneBt of these the Bishop sat. with three of his colleagues on each of the three Irowa beneath him. The prisoner, stood on a broad stool to the right, and the witnesses on a like stool to the left. A wooden bar crossed the room abont midway, and in the open epaoe between that and the door the spectators were orowded together. The place waa lighted by' candles, and some were fixed to the walls, others were held by ushers on the end ef long stioke, and a few were hung to the roof rafters by hemp ropeB tied abont their middle. The floor ran like a stream, and the atmosphere was fall of the vaponrof the snow that was meltiog on the people's clothee. Nothing could be ruder than the Conrt-house, bat the Conrt that sat there observed a rule of procedure that was almost an idolatry of form. The prisoner was called by the name of JaBon, son of Stephen Orry, and having answered in a voioe so hollow that it aeemea to come ont the earth beneath him, he rose to hie plaoe.' His attitude was dull and im pasBive, and he seemed hardly to see the reetlese orowd that murmured at Bight of him. His tall figure stooped, there waB a cloud on his strong brow, and a alow fire in his bloodshot eyes, and his red hair, long as a woman's, hang in all disordered masses down his worn cheeks to his shoulders. The Bishop, a venerable prelate of great age, looked at him and thought "That man's heart is dead within him." The monthpiece of the Conrt was a middle aged man, who was short, had little piercing eyes, a square brush ef iron-grey hair that erect acroes the top of his oorded forehead, and a crisp, clear utterance, like the oraokle ef a horse's hoofs on the froat. Jason was oharged with an attempt to take the life of Midhael Sunlocks, first President ef theseoond Republic. He did not plead and had no defenoe,' and the witnesses against him spoke only in answer to the leading ques tions of the Judges, The first of the witnesses was Greeba her self, and her evidence, given in English, waa interpreted by an interpreter. Allner brave strength was now gone. She trembled visibly. Her eyes were down, her head was bent, her faoe was half-hidden by the hood of a cloak she wore, 'and her tones were barely audible. She had little to say. The prisoner had forced his way into Government House, and there, to her own faee, had threatened to take the life of her hnBband, In plain wordB he had done so, and then made show ef going in pnnult of her husband that he might carry eat his design. " Wait," said the Bishop, " your husband was not present?" 44 No," aald Greeba. 44 There was, therefore, no direct violence?" 44 None." 44 And the whole snm oi the prisoner's offence, so far as you know of it, lies in the nee of the words that you have repeated ?" Then tnrning to the spokesman of the Conrt, the old Bishop said— 41 There has been no overt aot. This is not an attempt, bnt a threat to take life." 44 Your pardon, my lord," eaid the little man, in his orisp tones. 441 will show that the prisoner is guilty of the essential part of murder itself. Murder, my Lord," he added, 41 ie not merely to oompaee the deatrnotion of a life, for there le homicide by misadventure, there ie justifiable homicide, and there are the 'rights, long reoognieed by Icelandio law, ef the avengers of blood. Murder.is to kill In secrecy and after long-harbcured malice, and now, my Lord, I shall show that the prisoner has lain in wait to Blay the President of the Bepnblic," At that Greeba stood down, and other wit nesses followed her. Nearly every one had been summoned with whom Jason had ex changed words since he landed eight days before. There wbb the lean student who had told him of the drill at the Latin School, the little tailor who had explained the work at the gaol, the stuttering doorkeeper at the Senate-honse, and one of the maBons at the fort. Much was made of the fainting in the Cathedral yard on the Sunday morning, and ont of the deaf landlady, the Cathedral care taker, some Btartling disclosures seemed to he drawn. "Still," said the Bishop, " I see no overt act," 44 Good gracious, my Lord," said the little spokesman, "are we to wait until the knife itself has been reddened ?" 44 God forbid," said the old Bishop, Then came two witnesses to prove motive. The first of them was the tipsy comrade of former days, who had drawn Jason into the drlnking-shop. He could _ say of his own knowledge that Jason was jealons of the new Governor. The two were brothers in a sort of way. So people aald, and so Jason had told him. They had the same father, but different mothers. Jason's mother had been the daughter of the old Governor, who turned his back on her at her marriage. At her death he relented, and tried to find JaBon, bnt oouid not, and then took np with Michael Sunlocks. People said that was the begin ning of the new Governor's fortune. At all was very wroth, and Bwore he would be re venged. The second of the two witnesses pointed to a very different motive. He waa one of the three Danes who had twice spoken to Jason —the elderly man of the meek and quiet manner. Though himself loyal to the Ice landio Bepnblic, he had been much thrown among its enemies, Jason waa one of them; he came here as a spy direct from Copenba gen, and bis constant associates were Thorn «n, an old, white-beaded man living in the High-street, and PoIveBen, a young and sallow man, who kept one of the stores facing the aea. With these two Jason had been heard by him to plan the assassination of the President. At this evidence there was a deep murmur among the people, and it was seen that Greeba had risen again to her feet. Her heart bnrned and etormed within her. She tried tospeak bntoonldnot. At the same mo ment Jason turned his bloodshot eyes in her direction, and then her limbs gave way under her, and she sank back with a moan. The Court micread her emotion, and she was re moved. Jason's red eyes followed her con stantly. " This is a case for the Warning, not for punishment," said the BiBbop. " It is plainly written in our old Law Book that if a man threaten to slay another man he shall be warned of the gravity of the crime he , contemplates and of the penalty attaching to _" Gracious heaveus, my Lord," oried the little spokesman, " what reason have we to assume that this prisoner is ignorant ot > either? With a life to guard that is prized by friends and preoious to the State shall we , let.thiBman go free who had sworn before witnesses to destroy it ?" - God forfend," said the Bishop. , It was lawful to question the prisoner, and so he was questioned, ''Is it true that yon have heen lying in wait to kill the President?" asked the spokes man. But Jason made no answer. " Ie it true that yon have done so from a desire for personal vengeance ?" No answer. " Or from political motives ?" No answer. " Or both ?" Still no answer, , xhen the spokesman turned hack to the Court, The stubborn persistence of the prisoner is easy to understand," he said and smiled. s 1 " Wait," Baid the old Bishop, and he turned towards Jason. " Have you any valid plea ?" Bnt Jason gave no sign. "Listen," eaid the Bishop. "Though the man who oompasses the deBtruotion of a , Bingle life is as though he had destroyed a | world, for the posterity of him who Ib"dead might have filled a world, yet have all laws 1 of men since the Pentateuoh recognised certain conditions that limit the gravity of the crime. If the man who is slain has him l self slain the near kindred of his slayer, I thoughthe law of Iceland would no longer j bold him guiltless, as in the ancient times when evil for evil was the rule and sentence, neither would it punleh him as a murderer, who must eat the bread and drink the water of misery all his days. Now what is trne of murder must be true of intent to murder, sua though I am lothto believe it possible in | this instance, honouring and loving as we all do that good man whom yon are charged with lying in wait to kill, yet In my dnty must I ask yon the question—bas Miohael bunlocks spilled blood of your blood, and is it as a redeemer of blood that you go about to slay him ?" There was a dead hush in the little crowded courthouse as Jason lifted his heavy, blood shot eyes to the Bishop's faoe and answered, in a weary voice, "I have nothing to say." Then an aged Lctheran priest, who had sat within the rail, with a snuff-box in his hand fd print handkerohief aorosB his knee, , hobbled up to the witness stool and tendered evidence. He oonld throw light on the prisoner a hatred of the President, if it was true that the President was a son of Stephen Orryv He knew the prisoner, and had named | him in his baptism. He had known the prisoner's mother also, and had sat with her at her death.. It was quite true that she was a daughter of the late Governor, and had been badly treated by her father. But she had besn yet more badly treated by her I 5f, S » w , married again while ebe was still alive, and had another son by the other wife On her deathbed she had beard of . this, and told the prisoner, who then and there, thu witness being present, made an awful vow of vengeance upon his father and I his father's son. I The old priest was heard in silenoe, and 1 pie voranent j qnircr tbrongh the ooart boaae. Even Jason, who bad shown no {Purest save when Greeba was removed, lifted up his bloodshot eyeB {again and ! listened, ..And the Biehop, visibly moved, turned to the Court, and eaid, " Let us put this : prisoner back to be tried by the High Court and the Lagmann," " What, my lord!" oried the little spokes I h \ lof'y look, " and set him at liberty m the meantime to oarry ont the | crime he threatens ?" " Heaven forbid," said the Bishop. Remember, until he has been condemned we have no power to hold him, said the spokesman. The Bishop turned to an usher and Baid, Bring me the Statute Book," and the great tome was brought. The Bishop opened it I and again turned to the prisoner. "The ; Almighty,' eaid he, "created one man at the beginning to teach us that all men are | brethren, and the law of onr old country . provides that when two have had disputes and pursued each other on account of hatred, even as brethren they shall make peaoe before their neighbours. Now listen to the words I shall read to yon, and be ready to wy If you will swear to them," Then a great silence fell upon the people, 1 Peace Ortheirm *°n68 old Bishop read the .." Ye two shall be set at one and live I i"en.d.|y.t0Beth?r, at meat and at drink, in the Althing and at meetings, at kirk prayers and in Eing s palace; and In whatever place else men meet together, there shall ye be so set at one, as if tnte quarrel had never come between yon. Ye shall share knife and meat together, and all things besides, as friends and not as enemies." The Bishop paused and looked over his siieotacles at Jason, who stood as before, with the oloud on his brow and the slow fire in bis deep eyes, bnt with no sign of feeling or interest. 6 "Will yon promise to swear to this, when he shall have returned who shonld swear to it with you ?" said the Bishop. Then all eyes turned towards Jason, and iSfilS?1"? B£r?®!L iia face that moment toe look of a bated dog, "No," he growled. The spokesman shifted In Ms seat and the people grew restless. . "Listen again," said the Bishop, and bis long white beard shook and hie solemn voioe rose to a shrill cry as he twisted back to the book and read— "But if one of yon be so mad that he breaks | this truce thus made, and slays after pledges have been made and his blade has reddened, be shall be an ontlaw, accursed and driven away, so far as men drive wolves farthest ®W0/,B.e shall be banished of God and all good Christian men, bb far as Christian men seek ohurches, ae mothers bring forth sons, aon calls mother, flames blaze up, mankind I kindle fire, earth is green, sun shines, and enow coven the ground; he shall flee from j kirk and Christian men. God's house and mankind, and from every home save hell." Then there wan a pause and a great hush, and the Bishop lifted his eyes from the book!; and said— " Will yon swear to it 1" Again all eyes tnrned towards Jason, and ! again his face, which had been impassive, took the look of a bated dog. . " No, no, ho!" he cried in alond voice, and then the great silence was broken by deep | murmurs. "It is ueeleBS," said the spokesman. "Warnings and peace oaths, thongh still valid, are the machinery of another age. The prisoner is not ignorant of the gravity of the crime he contemplates, nor yet of the penalty attaching to it."| There was an audible murmur of assent from the people, " That's true," said one. *' It's the truest word spoken to-night," said another. " The old man is all for mercy," said a third. "It isn't safe," said a fourth. ' And there was other whispering, and much nodding of heads and shuffling of feet. Encouraged by theBe comments the little spokesman added— " In any other country at this age of the world a man who tacitly admitted a design to take life would be promptly clapped into prison." "Ay, ay," the people muttered, but the Bishop drew himself np and said," In any other country a crimnal who showed no fear of death that hung over him would be straightway consigned to a madhouse." "We have no madhouse in this Island, my lord," said the little spokesman, "save the Sulphur MineB, and there he muBt go." " Wait," said the Bishop, and once again he turned to the prisoner. " If this Court should agree so ship you out of Iceland will you promise never more to return to it ?" For the third time all eyes were turned on Jason, but he did not seem to hear the Bishop's question. " Will you promise?" said the Bishop again, "No," said Jason. "Dangerous trifling," said the spokesman. " When yon seize a mad dog you strangle it." " Ay, ay," cried many voices at once, and great excitement prevailed, The old Bishop drew hack with a sigh of relief. He loved Michael Sunlooks and had been eager to save him. He pitied Greeba, and for her sake also had been anxious to Erotect her husband. But from the moment e saw Jason and thought, "That man's heart ie dead within him," his love had struggled with his sense of duty. As the trial went on he had remembered Jason and reoalled bis bitter history, and seized with a strong sympathy he had strained every nerve to keep hack his punishment. He bad done all he could do, he had nothing to reproaoh himself with, and fall of a deep and secret joy at the certainty of the safety of Sun locksj he now fell back that the law might take itB conrae. The Court was oonnted out, and then the Bishop turned for the last time to Jason, and delivered jndment. " The sentence of this Court," he said," is that you be removed from here to the Sulphur Mines, and be kept there six months certain, and as long there after as you refuse to take the Oath of Peace pledging yonrself for ever, as long as yon live or the world endureB, to be at one with your nnnmw mm Virrvtliom Knfnra mil men lininn " enemy as brothers before all men living.' Now Greeba alone knew the trnth about Jason. When she had fled from Mann with out word or warning it had not been out of fear of him, but of her brothers. Her meet ing with Michael Snnlocks, her short stay with the good old Bishop Petersen, her marriage and the festival that followed, had passed her by like a dream. Then came the first Bbort parting with Sunlooks when he had eaid, "I must leave you for a fortnight, for the men I sent in aearohof your father have blundered and returned without him." She had cried a little at that, and he had kissed her, and made a brave ehow of hia courage, though she oould see the tears in his own big shining eyes. But it was all a dream, a sweet and happy dream, and only by the cuming of Jason had the dream been broken. Then followed her terror, her plea, her fear for ber husband's life, her defianoe of J aeon, and the charge ehe made against him. And the first burst of her paision over, she had thought to herself, " My huBband is safe, but Jason will now tell all and I shall be a loBt and ruined woman," for nothing had she yet said to Miohael Sunlooks con cerning the man who had wooed and won and released her during the long years of his silence and her trouble. " He will hear the story now," she thought, " and not from my lips nut from J aeon's," Being then eo far immersed she oould not but go on, and so she had allowed herseli to be led to the Court-house. No one there had thought to ask her if ehe had known any thing of Jason before that day, and she on her part had said nothing of knowing him. Butwhen JaBonbad looked at her with his eyes of reproach that aeemed to go through her aoul, he aeemed to be saying, "This is but half the truth. Dare you not tell the rest ?" Then listening to the lying of other wit neBseB, and looking up at Jason's face, so full of pain, and seeing how silent he was under oruel perjury, she remembered that this man's worst crime had been his love of her, and so she staggered to her feet to confess every thing. | When she came to herself after that, she was back in her own home—ber new home, the home of her happy dream, her husband's home Bnd hers, ana there her first fear returned to her. " He will tell all," she thought," and evil tongues will make it worte, and shame will fall upon my husband, and I shall be loBt, lost, loBt." She waited with feverish impatience for the coming of the Bishop to tell her the result j of the trial and at length he eame. "What have tbey done with html" she cried, and he told her. " What defence did he make?" she a9ked. " None," said the Bishop. *' What did he say ?" she asked again. " Not a word but' No,'" said the Bishop, Then she drew a long breath of immense relief, and at the next instant she reproached herself. How little of soul she had been 1 And how great of heart hod been Jason! He conld have wrecked her life with a word, bnt he bad held his peace. She had sent him to prison, and rather than smite he had suffered himself to be smitten. She felt herself small and mean. And the Bishop, having, as he thought, banished Greeba's terror, hobbled to the door, for now the hour .was very late, and the snow was still falling. " The poor soul will do your good husband no miBonief now. Poor lad! poor lad! After all, be is more fit for a madhouse than for a Diison, Good night, my child, good night." And so the good old man went his way. It was intended that Jason shonld start for the Sulphur Mines on the following day, and he was lodged overnight in a little house of detention that stood on the south of the High street. Bnt the snow continued to fall the whole night through, and in the morning the toads were impassable. Then it was decided to postpone the long journey until the storm should have passed, the frost set in.and the desolate white wastes to be crowed beoame hard and firm. It was now Wednesday of of the leoo&d; woek m October—the Gore month—and the Icelanders were already settling down to the long rest of the Ice landic winter. The merchants began to sleep the livelong day In their deserted stores in the oheapstead, and the bonders, who had come up with the last of their stock, to drink and doze in the taverns. All that day the snow fell in fine dost like flour, until» white aB it waa the air grew dark with it. At the late dawn of the next day the enow was still failing, and a violent gale had then rUen, Another and another and yet another day went by, and still the enow fell and the gale continued. For two days there wbb no day light, and only at noon through the giddy air a fiery glow burned for an honr along the eonthern eky and then wont oat, Nothing could be seen of fell or fiord, and nothing oonld be heard cave the baying of the hounds at night and the roar of the eea at all timeB, for the wind made no noise in the soft enow, but drove it along in ebeete like silent ghosts. _ ... Never before had Greeha seen anything so terrible; and etill more fearful than the great snow itself was the anxiety it brought her. Where was Michael Sunlooke? Where was her father ? There was only one other whose condition troubled her, and she knew too well where he was—he waa lying In the dark cell of the dark house in the fligh street. While the storm lasted all Reykjavik lay asleep, and Greeba oonld do nothing. But one morning when she awoke and turned to the window, as was her want, to learn if the weary snow wbb still falling, she oonld see nothing at first for the ooating of lee and hoar frost that covered the glass. But the scow had ceased, the wind had fallen, the air was clear and the light was owning, The bnildinge of the town, from the Cathe dral to the hoveli of the fishing quarter, looked like snow mounds in tbe desert; the black waste of lava was gone; the black j beach was gone: the black jokulle were gone: the black headland was gone that bad j stretched like a giant hand of many fingers into the black fiord; bnt height above height, and length beyond length, ae far as from eea to eky and from sea to eea, the world lay lifelesB and silent and white around her. Then, the town being once more awake, Greeba bad newB of Jason. It oame through a little English maid, whom Snnlocks bad found for her from Oscar, the young man who had gone oot in search of her father and returned without him. Jason was iU. Five days he bad eaten nothing, and nothing had ; he drnnk except water. He was in a fever— a brain fever—and it was now known for certain that he was the man who had fainted I outside the Cathedral on the marriage morn ing, that he had been ill ever since then, and that the druggist of the High-street bad bled faim* With these tidings Greeba hnrried away to the Bishop. " The poor man has brain fever, ehe eaid. 11 He was ill when he made the threat, and when he recovers he will regret it, I am sure he will—I know he will. Set him at liberty, for mercy e Bake," she cried; and ehe trembled u ehe ajjoke, lest in the fervour of her plea the Biehop should read her secret, But he only shook hiB head and looked tenderly down at her, and eaid very gently, though every word went to her heart like a stab— "Ah, it 1b like a good woman to plead for one who bBB injured her. But no, my child, no it may not be. Poor lad, no one now can do anything for bim eave the President himself, and he is not likely to liberate a man who lieB in wait to kill him." „ , " He is likely," thought Greeha, and straightway she conceived a plan. She would go to Jaeon in hie prison. Yes, ehe herself would go to him, and prevail with him to put away all thonghtB of vengeance and be at peace with her husband. Then ehe would wait for the return of Michael Sunlooke, and Stead with that dear heart that conld deny er nothing, to grant her Jason's pardon. Thus it would come about that ehe, who had stood between these two to separate them, would at length stand between them to bring them together. So tbisking, and crying a little, like a time woman, at tbe prospect of so much joy, Bhe waited for Jason's recovery that she might carry her purpose Into effect. Meantime she contrived to send him jellies and soups, such as might tempt tbe appetite of a sick man. She thought she sent them secretly, but with less than a woman's wit ehe employed a woman on her errand. This person was the little English maid, and ehe handed over the duty to Oscar, who was her sweetheart. Oscar talked openly of what he was doing, end thus all Reykjavik knew that the tender-hearted young wife of tbe Governor held communication of some sort with the man whom Bhe had sent to gaol. Then one day on hearing that Jason was better, tbongh neither was he so well as to travel nor was the enow hard enough to walk upon, Greeba stole aoroBB to the prison in the dark of the afternoont saying nothing to any one of her mission or intention. The etnttering doorkeeper of the Senate was the gaoler, and he betrayed great concern when Greeba asked to Bee his prisoner, show ing by biB ghastly looks, for his words would not oome, that it would be rash on her part, after helping so muoh towards Jason's imprisonment, to timet herself in his pre sence. "But what have I to fear?" she thought, and with a brave smile she pushed her way through. She found Jason In a square box built of heavy piles, laid horizontally both for walls and roof, dark and damp and maggy, lighted in the day by a hole in the wood not larger than a man s band, and in the night by a ■puttering candle hang from the rafters. Hi eat on a stool; his face waa worn, his head was close-cropped to relieve the neat of his brain, and on the table by his side lay all his red hair, ae long as his mother's was when it fell to the shears of the Jew on the wharf. He gave no sign when Greeba entered though be knew ehe was there, but eat with his face down and one hand on the table, " JaBon," she eaid, "I am ashamed.^ It is I who have brought yon to this. Forgive me, forgive me 1 Bnt my hnshand'a life was in danger, and what was I to do ?" Still he gave no sign. " Jason, she said again," von have heaped Goals of fire on my head, for I have done nothing bnt injure you, and though you might have done ae much for me you never have." At that the fingers of his hand on the table grasped the edge of it convulsively. . " Bnt, Jason," she eaid, " all is not lost vet No. for I can save yon still. Listen, Yon shall give me your promise to make peace with my husband, and when my hus band returns be will grant me your pardon. Oh, yes, I know he will, for he is tender hearted. and he will forgive you; yes, he will forgive you" "My curse on bim and his forgiveness, c:ied Jason, rieiog suddenly and bringing down his fiat on the table. " Who b he that' he should forgive me? It has not been for hb sake that I have been lilent, with the devil at my side urging me to apeak. And for all that yon have made me to suffer he shall yet pay double. Let it go on; 1st him send me away; let him buy me at hia mines. Bnt I shall live to find him yet. Something tells me that I shall not die until I have met with that mas face to face." And Greeba went back home with these mad words ringing in her ears. "It is useless to try," she thought. *'I have done all I can. My hnshandb before everything. I shall say nothing to him now," None the lets Bhe cried very bitterly, and was still orying when at bedtime her little English maid came np to her and ohatterect of the news of the day. It seemed t Hat some Danish storekeepers on the oheapstead had lately been arrested as spies, brought to trial, and condemned. When Greeba awoke next morning, after'a restless night, while the town still lay aBleep, and only the croak of the ravens from the rooke above the fiord broke the silence of the late dawn, she heard the hollow tread of many footsteps on the frozen snow of the Thingvalla-road, and peering ont through the window, which was coated with hoar frost, the saw a melanoholy procession. Three men, sparsely olad in thin tunios, snow stookings and skin caps, walked heavily in file, chained together hand to hand and leg to leg, with four umed warders, closely muffled to the ears riding leianrely beside them. They were prisoners bound for the Sulphur Mines under Hekla. The first of them was Jason, and he swnng along with his long stride and bb shorn head thrown back and his pallid faoe held up. The other two were old Thomson and young Polvesen, the Danish storekeepers. It was more than Greeba oould bear to look upon that sight, for it brought baok the memory of that other sight on that other morning, when Jason came leaping down to her from the mountains, over gone and enshag and hedge and ditch. So she tuned her head away and covered her eyes with her hands. And then one—two—three—fonr the heavy footsteps went on over the snow. Th«. next thing she knew was that her English maid was in her bedroom, saying, "Some strangers in the klteben are asking for yon. They ue Englishmen, and have just come ashore, and they call themselves yonr brothers." 