PHIL."—YOU are rather long-winded ; tbe arlicle is too long over all, and tbe BGDtenceB are carried out to such an extent that the reader ie likely to take an epileptic fit before he can catch biB breath. Condense, and sprinkle iu a few more resting places and breathing spaces, and we may UEe. "DOCTOB."—Beyond our domain. Although we know there is unlimited humour in the administration and action of pille and things, we cannot devote any space to a description of the rise and progress of the common bolus treated as a serious philosophical historical subject. The pill does not admit of serious treatment; it is always creating dietuibances. "1 j AT RIOT."—Yes, we can see through those awfully clever cablegrams. Within the last two weeks there have been at least half-a- dozen Bubmarine lies in the local dailies reforriug to the murder of Dr. Cronin, and concluding with an immensely sly and deftly worded paragraph, to tho effect that the witnesses would disclose nothing further for fear of Injuring Mr. Parr el), or insinuating that the workings of ihe famous Clan-na- Gael wore being zealously guarded for fear of injuring Mr. Parnell, or that So-and-so, though fully acquainted with the details of tbe crime, wonld discloEo nothing further, fearing to injure Mr. Paruell. Any but a par-boiled three-ply copier-coated Tory might "drop to" these cowardly insinuations at a glance. A prejudiced tribunal, appointed by his political enemies, has been unable to sheet home anything derogatory to the character of Mr. Paruell as a patriot or a politician ; foiled at this point those disgraceful papers fall back on the above underhand means of injuring the man they hated. Of course, those " Cables " are merely brutal insinuations that Parnell is thoroughly conversant with the operations ofltbe Clan-na-Gael,and being hand-in-hand with that organisation in its career of crime, doubtless knows a great deal more about the murder of Cronin than he'd care to disclose. People who read be ween the lines will only laugh at the po»r fraud, but there are others who take their news from the papers as tbey take medicine, in blind faith. These have already got the Irish leader nicely upholstered in scales and fitted with horns and tails. The Land League envoys are out here, how is it our clever dailies have not been able to sheet home that Newcastle colliery disaster to the machinations of Mr. Deasy ? They could and would, probably, " but for fear of injuring Mr. Parnell I" " M. M. T." (Geelong).—We have considerable difficulty in reading your handwriting, hut. from what we can gather, you have worked yourself into a great stato of pain and bitterness, and attacked Mahomet. We never hit a man down. Mahomet is daad—probably the news bad not reached Geelong when you wrote. jj M. E. S."—-Are you going to stop trying to write poetry? or do'you intend to keep on doing it till we publish something of yours, and incite a public deputation to wait on you and shoot you dead with hard, glazed bricks ? " RIKGER."—Please send us nothing more of what you wrote off in haste; if you are BO pressed as to bo under the necessity of always writing in a hurry don't write at all and preserve your good name. " The Settler's Daughter " is verse, but thundering bad kind of verse—it is too weak to keep its feet. " GOBO."—Rather satirical. Have used several of your shorter pieces. The artiole is held over to mature. " A. R,"—Tbe story is not suitable for a paper of our complexion. It reads as if it had recently escaped out of Chatterbox or been lost at a Wesleyau picnic by the tall, pale young man who teaches the young ladies' class in the Sunday school. " OLD PUNCHED."'—We give it up. IFo the seoondary consideration—no, thank you. fighting editors are out of date, they are all dead—billed by over-pressure of business. " D. M."—That work is done by our hired man. Wo cannot find room for your statements ; they lack veracity and tbey lack interest. Tbe men who cannot make himself interesting when given the whole wide waste of his imagination to spread over and revel in is a hopeless case. Please refrain from literary effort. " AN EYE-WITNESS."—Here you are :— " In awed expectance stood the crowd About the draped statue tall. Sir William pulled the bindings loose And let the shrouding curtain fall. " And Gordon great in living bronze Stood high above tbe people there In martial dress and martial mien, And silence still was in the air. " But soon a woman's voice was beard : ' Say, Bill, old man, who was this lot ?' And ' Bill' with confidence replied : • Oh, him as tied th' Gordon knot I' " " CONSTABLE."—Very good; will keep for a special occasion. The conversation referred to in that case ran something like this, we believe :—Policeman.— " Yi9, sor, I wbant t'git married." Inspector.—" Well, and who iB the lady ?" Policeman -" Mrs. Murph av Collin'wood sor." Inspector.—" Why, great Scot, maul she's one of the worst characters we have to deal with—you have run her iu about thirty times yourself." Policeman.—' Yes Bor, so Oi have sor, but Oi thot if Oi married her, ye see, Oi d alwis know where to put me hands on her." Application dismissed. " POINT."—Your sketohes do not come up to expectations, but as it is a difficult matter to invest a cold clammy subject like Puncan Gillies with humour, you may get along better, say with a J.P. " CBOWQUILL."—Illustration unsuitable for any publica tion outside the London Xurnal tribe. Wo do not deal in towering men and women nine feet high. " SPECIAL."—Fairly well written, but too late in the day. That matter was dropped into cold oblivion when the land boom gave up the ghost, and our readers have not time to pause whilst you fish it up again and pass remarks about its chilly corp39. 