A remarkable oocurrenoe is reported from Mullingar, Ireland. While Colonel Malone, Bifle Brigade, was trout fishing on tbe Uiver Inny, close to Lake Detravarragh, he hooked a large fish. After some time hs w is winding np tbo line, and felt an unusual weight. He still kept ^winding up 'the line' preparatory to landing tue hsb, wnen suddenly a corpse presented itaelE to his horrified view. It would appear that thj fish, in its efforts to escape, entangled the line with the man's body, whioh turned out to be that of a tailor from the neighborhood, who had beon missine for soma time. Colouei Maloto ultimately hilled the fish, which wa.3 a fine 131b. salmon. ' ' What do yon call that aot ? ' said the bas i sincrer to iho acrobat.1 ' Oh, thot s merely a backward spring, ' answered tho acrobat. ' Ah !' pn-'d the ba;a Bipser, ' if I should tr? it there'd be an early fall, eh ? Let's go and have a summer.' 'A whai?' 'A summer, mere than one swallow, you know. ' Aad then, as the Iiiehman said, they winter wa? ropfcthtr. ? Amcng the fol'owere of Buffalo Biil Red Shirt is conepicaou3, ani there are aUo Weairs. Ye low Kye, Jumping Cow, Woodja F.ce, Medioine Horee, No Neck, liaiv ftle.t Sick Ante'ope,lDog's Ghost, and others with equilly pioturesquo titles, not to spoikj -f 190 ponii s, t Win ;y buffaloes, and eight dors. Buffalo Bill proposes to visit Vienna, Berlin, St. Peterabu'g, and other cities, and than to return to London, notwithstanding the fact that he has with him some mjn who took part in Biel'8 Beb^lliou, and only esoaped hanging by flight. Mr. Cody'B engagement of thesj traitorous rasoals — ' General ' Dumas, Kiel's lieutenant, is one of them — is an odd way to commend himself to loyal Englishmen. Slie said ehe had mingled with kings, With kui.;hCi) and with priuoss gal jroJ - W ith ioldieia of famous repn'ei, And bithops and peers by the score. Her mieu wab not noble, her faoa \Y an UL'L caat iu a deiicato mould, Her iiirure was ttauipy aud otout, And her manners dooidodly bold. *' Ptay , who is that lady ?' he asked, Wh.ii tha door had cloned after tae charmer, ' Sht'o a super,' eomobody replied, ' Who plaj 8 iu a apeotaoular drama.' 'By the way,' says Frank Lincoln, 'be- fore I leave you I must tell you a good Btory I just heard. An Irishman died here tbo other djy. He had bo3U a successful publican and a sinner, and as he was lying on his deathbed he oa'led bis two sous to his side, and said:— ' Bhoys. oiun d-viuT, and hero's me direkahuus. I leave .£200 to tho widdy. There's -C10Q eaoh for you and £50 for the Chutch of St. Bridget. Afther paying mo debts there'll bo Us. left Buy a bottle of tho ou'.d Btuff for the bhoya at tho fureral.' One of tho sons said ; ' »Yflen ihall wo uao tho whi Icy, father— going oil1; or coming baok from tio com-.tdty ?' And the old man diod w.th tliaso words — ' Use it goia' out, me bhoys, for I won't be wid you com:n' bttci.' ' A wdl-knowa English spirtsmau, Joey Jtues, has gone oser to tho majority. Tw -ncy j csrs » iro there was hardly a race-meeting or prizj-fight iu England where ha was not to bo teen. Ho could ploy from penny gall to '?Othello,' and was uurivullod iu the bur lcBquo barrister business. He wou'd o£.oa nppeuriu the wig and gown, and visited fie lierby thus arrayed. When the Pritjos o£ Wales was married he wai a oonspiou-u3 member of tho procession, being deoor ited in 'oidors and doaorations ' Ho had bsou a pal of tho Marquis of Wa'erfurd, ' Mad' Wyndham, and all the jol y dogs of tho early . days of the Quoen'B reigu. 'Our machine,' said the inventor of oio oE them the other day, 'is quite simple and efliaaoeoua. AU jou havo to do i3 to get tho hursts in line, push the bu't-n, tho gong souude, down fallsthe semaphore, off fio tiio hordes in a l!no aud thero you ara ! Wht\t touli bo simpler r' ho aided with a nmilo of enthusiasm lighting up lii- paio stu icnt ' i'a.ia. ' What, indeed !' uuawjred tho BoomimVn.o, ' nearly as simple as d opping tho Ha r ia -the ordinary way to an ex;o'lonta:art.'- ' lktw,v I thoulo oonvinco you,'* In eaid, with a 1 Mh t?f 6 ratified prido on hie m irblu brow, as UsliCtoi his liat aud bade us good d iv, Iho Balmain dog, poultry ,51 pijaon, anl osna*y show, will i-o noli in utio t5*:m a i Town Ha l, on July '1-, 5, and 0. On- oftheuosi hoautiful works of photi graphic art wo have e/or som is the ei'oa.) pict.'i'O of tho Sti'k Fn. nil v. tikeu by M.t. T. C.- Cleavo, tho now hoad oS tho art b'i vCE at Tuttlo's atudio . Tho picture is what is I known as a ohain group. Tiuy Nattio staid i on a pedestal, the two gentlemen on the wing lipid hor ha-ds, and aider thair upstro'.oksd arms the two Kdios a:aud. As a work of artistio finish it is simply perfect, and a oreiit to Mr. Cleave and hia assistants. Adam Bbbe'b BisxavoLEMr ConautTA tiomb. — .£2000 on tho Coronation Handioap. ' run at Cantor jury Par's Juua 29; aad £ I) JO outhoJuly fluidijup, run at RojoU'.U Jaly 20; both at 20s eaoh. Ho'j-oirje Ctt.) pro gr miuios now vouly. by t.-'i »r o-ly, ;tdam B.du u w -f II, A - J-t f j-j'j O.ii.'S I CU»ja!?c»i Si'djtoy.* 