WITH WHICH IS PRESENTED (AS A SUPPLEMENT) BELL'S LIFE IN mmUM ** Fear Hod: Speak evil of none; ... Wtick to the Truth; and never be done. BRISBANE: SATURDAY, JCNE 15, 1869. V-— : ; - , , , . The Funeral of Black Labotv \- Premier Morehead has bitterly disappointed and vexed all liis political enemies, and has proved to be arrant liars and wilfully false prophets—the imagioers first and the publishers next of • barefaced taradiddles—all those Mad Dog journalists who brazenly declared that tbe present &overnmejit4was; going to extend the system of Kanaka iminigration for another five years. What Figaro foretold on this matter, has come to pass. I simply ignored the economic issues involved, and I took the Ministers as men—as " white " men, as men of their word, as men of honor. They have fully proved themselves such, and'have determined to carry out the pledges given on the black labor question by their late chief, Sir Thomas M'llwraith, by "whose word, they were certainly bound, as honorable men. "The Government does not intend to extend the provisions of the Polynesian Laborers' Act," said Morehead, with refreshing brevity, to the Legislative Assembly on Thursday ©f last week. The members of the Opposition were completely dished. They had come prepared to denounce expected perfidy to plat form pledges; their rehearsed curses were com mitted to memory for nothing. Sir Samuel Griffith affected to be pleased at Morehead's announcement, and ;*t the prospect of the Kanaka question being bnrijed in the cemetery c>f settled things ; but it is hardito believe that Sir Samuel would not rather be glad be able to raise the sku 11-and-cr oss-bones' .standard of yore. His trump card is now "in the pack," and, as *'Tinbad," of the "bold bad eye," sings—*'Gone for ever!" - As Fjgabo so plainly foreshadowed, Premier Morehead could not have taken any other stand as an honorable .man. The question of black labor was plainly pat before the country—or, to speak more accurately, was plainly put by the country before Parliamentary candidates — at tbe last general eleetw^V The majority of the electors vetoed the extension of the Polynesian Act, and extorted distinct pledges, in the plainest of set phraseology, from most members, and particularly from Sir Thomas Mclllwraith, as the coming Premier. I thought then,as I think now, that the electors did not thoroughly understand the ques tion ; but the pledges haying been given, the subject was not even debatable by those who had given those pledges. Mr. Groom, whose report was certainly tbe fairest of the two reports made by the Eojal Commission, calculates that, by the collapse of tbe Sugar Industry, the colocy will lc se 10 millions of money value, and he pertinently asks the question, " Is the colony in a position to lose that money ? " Besides this loss, Mr. Groom admits that hundreds, if not thousands, of white workmen will be suddenly deprived of~ employment and of a means of living. These, unfortunates must drift to the larger towns and congest the labor market. One of the loudest present cries of the labor organi sations of Queensland is that St ate-aided immigration should be suspended, because the current influx of labor, for which there is no outlet, tends to reduce wages and to cause hard times. But> even suppose all immigration to Queensland is at once stopped dead, ana this predicted calamity befals the sugar industry ? The same effect will Ie produced on the Queensland labor market as if some thousands of immigrants were suddenly dumped out on our shores. For the thousands of white men now employed on sugar plantations and in sugar mills will be thrown upi>n the roads and the bush and the towns of the cplony ; they will need food and clothing and shelter, and' they mil be, in fact, in all respectB as if they . were a sudden lot of fresh immigrants saddled upon us. £ cannot see the remedy for this, in face of the present proper attitude of the Government and Parliament towards the Black labor question, which is distinctly that Queensland shall be a white man's and not a black man's country. I see no remedy except that the Government must devise some remedy when the occasion arisps; for it to deal suddenly with this tremendous accession to the ranks of the unemployed. The Royal Commissioners unanimously agreed that- Queensland's northern coast lands are only adapted for tropical agriculture. Leaving aside altogether the question of wages, I assert, and assert from personal experience, that no white man is able to do work now done'in the cane-fields by Kanakas, without faking too much out of himself; and, though many white men will M take it out of themselves " all they dare, when working for themselves and with the. .chance of making a " rise f or-life," God forbid, say T^vthat ai^y- white man should so take it out of hjnis^lf t fur wages and to benefit an employer, ill tl*ese considerations are now pressing upon the working men and upon the labor organisations of Queensland, and some of these evince signs of re pentance'and are' beginning to acknowledge that they have.acted ignorantly and hurtfully in de manding the closure of the Polynesian question, and thus settling the sugar industry out of existence. If electors do really think they were wrong and hasty in this matter, they can only remedy it decisively in oneway. They should hold meeting?,aTid, by de cided majorities in the various electorates, absolve their representatives from their election pledges in this matter. If they don't think they were wrong, there is nothing more to be said about it—-the question is settled. For my own part, while sympathising with the sugar planters, and believing that other means of sufficient relief are possible, I hope the Black labor question is buried for ever out of sight. Its resurrection would mean a Tevival of Griffithism in its worst form, of public slander of the colony, and of Exeter Hall uproar in response to manufactured uproar in Queensland. Sir James Garrick, late Agent-General, t<>ld a Press interviewer only the other day that Exeter Hall excitement about the Kanaka trade was entirely dependent on a first excitement here, that a row first has to be made in Queensland (by the Sam. Griffiths and the Billy Brookeses, Garrick might have added) before it can fce echoed in Exeter Hall. Therefore, I hope the ghost of Black labor is well " planted/' 