THE BOLT'N SQ U UA E TI-CAt ?EDY." BY JOHN K. LEYS, tlthor of " Te r:: aey," "Dr. utomui's b rret," A Tr?L iL. ctrytd," cl CIIAPILTEl XV. A 5atW 5USPIOIO5. When Dora T're:nayn reached Mrs. Red. "frtn's drawing-room, M?is Dangerfield was cufied up on ceuo of the couches reading a novel. Dora went forward and greeted Mrs. Redforn, alld thou went up to Olivia, offering her hand. Miss Daugerfield extended, her Boere with a patroneing air, but without kn the trouble of altering her position in the sightcs. Dora feared that her visit would be thrown away. It would be impossble to speak with any freedom to Mrs. Itodforn while Olivia sat .by litening. " Isn't this a dreadful thing, Miss Tremayno, about Captain Everett?" said the widow, almost beforo the visitor had taken her seat. "I aluiost think it is worse thanmy poor Ihus band's death-more shoekir?g. It makes every body talk of us, and in such an unpleasant Dora listened in amazement. It was irn. ,poLsible for her to understand Mrs. IRodfern'e way of looking dt things. The widow seemed tabe heartless more from stupidity than from yea positive badness of disposition; or rather she had too little sense to avoid 'mdlibiting to the whole world how small was the capability of, feeling with which she was endowed. " What surprises me," said Dora when she Mad steadied her voice so as to be ablo to speak without showing her emotion, "what sur tlses me is that anyone. knowing Captain verett should ever for oneu moment imn ginothat he tf capable of such a crime. Per sIp .I ought to tell you," she added with a certain pride iii her tone, " that Captain Everett and I are engaged." "What do you nay?" screamed Mrs. IRedfern. "Engaged to him. Poor thing. I am so sorry for you. But, of courseo, you will bretak itof at once." "I have no desire to break the engagement," said Dora, quietly. At this point Miss Dangerflold rose, yawned ostentatiously, went overto a table where some masogazines were lying, turned them over, selected one, and vwithoult troubliig herself to bestow apartl?glook at Mrs. Rudfern's visitor, slowly went out of the room. " Wviy does Misas Dangerlolid dislike moe so, Mrs. ledfern ?" asked Dorn, gladof an excuse for changing the subject. The widow gave a sharp glance at the doorof the room to make sure it was properly closed before she answered.: " Well, I have sonmetimes thought she had a pgssoigdn for your ln.ru," sho answered, with ali httlo od. (Mrs. Ilesiforn was very fond of using a French word now and then, when she fancied she could do so with impunity.) Dora opened her eyes. " My dear Mirs. I~ledforn, I am so sorry to har this. I do hope you are wrong." "I don'ttlhink I am." "I. I hal no idea of such a thing. On the contrary, I have fanciod sometimes that there was soamething between her and Mr. Davis." " Only on one side," answered Mrs. lRadforn with another uagacioums nod. " Ietwoee our selves I think he is a very good match for Olivia ; but shel persists in turing ip her nose at him." ' " So Dr.Roedfern can hardly have stood inhis assistant's way in this matter," thought Dors to herself. "Dr. Doyle is still staying hero, I suppose ?" she added aloud, for something better to say. " Oih, yes, it was necessary that the practice shoull be kept togethlr. I fancy that Air. Payoe, my poor husband's executor, you know, will make an arrangement to sell tlhe practico right out to him,. After all, he knows the pationts, and a stranger might have ia difficulty in reaching them, as there would he no nie to introduce hin personally. But it would not have been cmy husband's wish that Dr. Davis should succeed him." Dora had hardly been listening to the widow's talk. Sue had been thinking how baseless the idea had been which suggested that Dr. Davis could have any interest it causing the death of his employer, and wondering ian what other quarter she was to seek a cluoto the mystery, when ssie found thatd Mrs. Itedforn was pausing for a reply. Almost mechanically she re peated the widow's last words in the form of a question. " Oh, Dr. Redfern did not intend that Dr. Davis should sueceed to his practice ?" , " Cortainly not. 'the fact is, my dear Miss Tremayno, my husband did not particularly keoDr. Davis. loe said he was shallow and cbRiceited, and rather shirked the work; and he hadnmado up his mind to. get rid of him and engage another assistant." Dort was fairly etartled by those words. She had beeoon a moinoet ano forced to confess to hereclf that her auspicions of Dr. Davis were utterlj'lgroundless, and suddenly it asppearedhe had a i motivo, and a tolorably strong one, for desiritng Dr. Rcdfenr's death. She wee so surprised that she started visibly, and gave a little cry. " What is it Is anything the matter ?" asked Mrs. itedforn. " Oh, nothing. I have boon so nervous lately, that I often start at nothing at all." " 1can sympathise with you, I am sure, Miss Tromayne. When I was engageod to my poor dear Tom-my first husband, you kncow he was ill for three weel:s with small-pox. It was nothing like no had as your trouble, I know ; yet I was so delicato, and .sympathetic, the doctors called it, that the least thing upset ms." Mrs. Itedfern's ysupaithy was like sult laid upon an open wound ; but Dora mangeod to hide her eolilngs, and even to produce some thing like the ghost of a smile. *" "omneono said at tice inquest that Dr. I(odfern worked too h:ard," she remarked, after a patse. "Not so very hard, not so as to hurt his health," returned thes widow. " 'Iut it was not Davis's fault if ho did not," she added almost spitefully. " JDavis did nothing like Iis share of the work, or jlst hurried it over. That waswhymy poor husband wanted toget rid of him." " It would have boon a bad thing forDr. Davis if he had been cent away." " Of course it woull. Especially as there was a' grout attraction here in the shape of- " and c Mrs. Redfern glanced in the direction of the ceiling to indicate Miss Danger iold. "Do you tli .,,k," higu Dora-It was a great rilk to jiut cuchc cc qucestion, but' there wasio cnltrniatcven-- do you thicik Dr. liod fern actually gave Dr. Davis ncotico to leavo P" "I' t u nur 1 don't know.," retirned ' the widow. "L1ie mry hIave doseu E; hutl icmot tlhidk he woul i have meutiosed it to moeif ihe had. It is amoth or tix weeks shince he spoke -of it." Dora was afraid to push the matter further. .She elucnged tie subject, and began to speak df the becomiung .echarictr of Mlrs. Ruedlenc' costumo; anll when that matter had heen sulfficiently discussed, she' brought her visit to .a close. . The next step wa evihdently to ascertain ' wheth?ir/Dr. Davis was 'unuer notice .to leave at the timeo of Dr. Itdfern's. death aornot. '-How was thin' to" bl done ?" To intorrogate Luko Davia himself was out of the' qucotion. Rho wrote, however, to Mr. Joenner; and the lawyer answered her letter in person. When Mr. Jenner heard what Dora had to tollho] looked very grave, and dlid ncot reply for some seconds. "You havro heoard somethiug too, Mr. Jenner." said Dora. "I ae ityour face. " I have," he replied; c" and my information corroborates yours. I engaged a very sharp fellow to make the acquaiitaece of lanikes, the butler, and lenrm what lhe coild from him. It seems that Binkes has a club, towhiehhol goes two or three times a week for an hour or two in thoeveuling. Brown, my a n, got admitted to the club, ani pusupeud 1nsicic most sclentifi cally. IHe tells rue there was a perfect harmony betwveen all thie mnmbers of Dr. Iteodlern's :family, except betwcon Dr. Davis and Dr. Boierirn hiniselL The elder doctorseommed to hovo, or thoughtihe had, some groucid of com plaiut ogainst the youngr; while Davis he describesa n tonchy aid ready to take offence. The coolnesl was so marked that attimes they would hardly speak to each other, acoopt when theymetat table. In Dankes'a opmiontheyoung surgeon thought hce was not treated with suffi cident concileration and ruso et, while the old doctor thouuhbt that his asctpt wnas notlitfor hiaplace. It is clear that Dasis imcginedthat he was labouring under an injustico. Coupled with what Mrs. Itedfern told you it is very serious indoeed." ' It may seem very- weakr of me, Mfr. enner." said Dorn, " bult I uclnot tell you howl ahrink from going on with thif."l '"It was your own idea, Miss Tromayno," said the eolicitor coldly. " You are quite right. But it seems so dreadful to bo aceting thie hart of a men hbmter. Suppose Dr. Davis should be as inuo cent as Ca?eptoic ,:'vrett ?" This fencicino inconsintency irritated thie cold blooded lawyer. "One or other must be guilty, SAU ughts resxved. eso far as I can i.ee," he aid, firmly. " lut you will plIes st o retairubcr that I did not fevi?:, this unusual moie of plroc:eding. It is for tih )proeceution to prove Captain slverCtt'e guilt ; lhe need not prove hia Innsocence by showing tlhat somebody clod committed the diedl." " But would not his chance of escapo be very much greater if it could he shown that eomeolu else hI?l an intera.t-a they say he had-in Dr. Rediernu' death t" " Undoubtedly." " Then I must go on with it. What is to be done next F" " The next thing is to find out whother the notice of diemiesal wideh Dr. Redfern thought of giving his assistant was really sent." " lndhow can we ascertain that P" " Of course, it would not do to question Dr. Davis himself. We must look for documentary evidence. It is possible, though not very likely, that if Dr. ledfern gave his assistant a writtennotice of dismissal he may have kept a copy of it. But there is another difioulty. Dr. Redftorn's papers were taken away by the police." A heavy sgh escaped from Dora's lips. On every side theor wore doubts, misgivings, ob. staolos. If only lshe had eno friend, one eym. pathising heart to rest upon. And then her thoughts turnod once moro, as they often did, to Captain Everett. What support and guidance he would have given in such time of difficulty and trouble. But it was he, lying helpless and alone, within the prison walls, wh'o needed assistanco ; and the thought nerved the girl's heart once more. Ito had no one butherself to help him I A bright thought struck her. " The police could not keep Dr. Itedfern's papers for ever. They might wast to keep some, perhaps but they would suroly saod bac the rest after looking them through P" " It is possible, certainly." b"Who willgeot them when they do' come back-Mrs. IRodfern? '" "The doctor's exector Me. Payne, would have the custody of them.1' " Then I will ask him to lot mo soe them," The lawyer smiled compassionately. " I am afraid it is hopeless to expect tmhat he would allowyou to road thom," he said. Dora did not like the pitying amile ; but she took no offence. " Can you think of any other way of find ing out what we want to know t" she asked, gravely. " I confess I cannot." " Then I will see Mr. Payne at once. After all, I can but try." The lawyer then departed, leavingDoramore depressed in mind than he had found her. Somehow an interview with Mr. Jenner nlwavy uhad this effect on the girl's spirits. Often else was tempted to give up In despair the task of provinhg her lover's innocenco ; but never so muclh as when Mr. Jenoer'e o0yes were upon her, and his cold tones soundlinrg in hor cars. Mansy oa time sho wished she lhad ia more sympathising advisor; but it was im possible to got rid of Mr. Jenneor, overn if she had known of a more helpful counsellor. 