ESSENCE OF EPHEMERIDES. President Cleveland, of the United States, has approved the bill incorporating the Nicaguragua Ship Canal Company, lately passed by Congress. It will possess the ex clusive right of navigating and working the canal, and a parallel railway for 99 years. The canal is to bo constructed in ten years ; the construction probably taking six years. The cost is estimated at from £13,000,000, to £15,000,000, for a canal 120ft. wide at bottom, with a minimum deoth of 28ft. The London Evening News remarks : — " It is rather hard on Pope Leo XIII., who has been obliged to make good £120,000 gambled away on the Stock Exchange by Commander Sterbini, whom the Holy Father had entrusted with tbe administration of the fund known as Peter's Pence, which often amounts to a million of pounds." How do our Roman Catholic compatriots in Australia like to hear of the Peter's Pence, they are fairly com pelled to subscribe to their foreign master at Rome, being gambled away. We suppose that ill ubo of the funds will not affect the romission of sinB and purgatorial tortures, to gain whioh they gave the money. TheRev. Mr. Sutherland, of St. George's Church, and Mrs. Sutherland have returned to Sydney after an absence of 12 months, which inoluded a trip round the globe. They visited Java, Ceylon, Egypt, the Holy Land, and Malta; spent more than two months in Great Britain, Ioeland, and the Channel Islands, and more than five months in Canada and tho United States. Mr. Suther land haB resumed his pastoral work, in invigorated health. -The Victoria Cabinot on Tuesday considered an offer made by Messrs. Hunter and .Trade, of Queensland and Molbourne, for the right to ad vertise on the back of postage stamps. The firm are prepared to pay £10,000 for the priviloge for tho first year, £12,000 for the second year, and £15,000 for the thi'd yoar. Tho Cabinet author ised tho Postmaster- General to enter into corres pondence with tho firm, and to make certain, modifications as to the basis of the final settle ment. It is announced that the Prinoe Alexander of Battonburg, late rulsr of Bulgaria, has contracted a morganatic marriage with Fraulein Dcesinger, an operatic singor. Tho authenticity of tho news is however doubted. Not long ago those was a stir in Germany over the refusal of the present Emperor of Germany to allow tho betrothal of the Princess Victoria, his sister, and Prinoe Alexander, though the' allianco was looked upon with favour, it was said by the Empress, by the Queen of England, and other royal personages. Tho proposed match was also said to be a love match. Royal marriages have peculiarities which those of lesser personagos are happily moro free. The wife of Sir Charles Gavan Duffy has died, in England. The Corps of Commissionaires will bo extended, to Melbourne, as soon as the Sydney branch ef the service has enrolled from 80 to 100 members. The doath is announced of Sir Charles Du Cane K.C.M.G., who was Governor of Tasmania from 1868 to 1874. Tho Cunnamulla (Queensland) water bore iB down 4,000 ft. and tho flow of water is 450,000 gallons a day. On Tuesday afternoon a boy aged 15 and a girl 13, obildren of Mr. William Brook, a sheep farmer near Eudunda, S. A., were struck doad by lightn ing while returning from school. The borsos thoy. wero riding wore also killed. A Roman Catholic collego, Ballarat (Vic.), callud tho Holy Ghost College, was openod with ceremony on Tuesday, by Archbishop Oarr, in tho proaonce of tho Bishop of Ballarat and a large gathering of clergy and laity. Papal nom enclature savours of blaaphomy to Protostant ears. Everyone knows how the names given in tho dark Roman ages to colleges at Oxford and: Cambridge, and to different placos in England, have been shouted by drunken partizans at cricket matches and boatraces ; and generally thus misused holy namos aro submitted to un speakable degradation. News has reached London that tho Eastern Extension Telegraph Oompanys new cable from Banjoewangie, Java, to Roebuck Bay, Western Australia, lias been completed. The Emperor of China, Huang Hsu has been married with great pomp. He will be 18 years old noxt August. Ho succeeded to the throne in J anuary 1875. The regency then ostnblishodundor tho Empress Dowager will ooaso on the 4th inst. His name before . ascending the throne was Tsai T'ien. The household of the Emperor of China is said to consist of 500 persons, inoluding " 3tt fan-bearers, 30 umbrolla-bearers, 30 physicians . and surgeons, 75 astrologers, 7 chief cooks, and 60 priests, , Eliza Latuohe, a noted beggar, 70 yoars old, was on Tuesday found doad in a two roomed hut she inhabited alone, at Oampbelltown, near . Olunbs,' Victoria. She was an out patient of the dunes Hospital. On the place baing soarohed a bank deposit receipt for £1.141, dated three years, was discovered. The recently elected Sydney oity auditor Mr. James Robertson, has written to the Mayor that on account of legal objections taking to his holding the offioo of oity auditor being sustainod by a decision of the Supreme Court, there is no oause open to him but (o resign the position. He points out that his candidature was acceptable to the citizens, as ho polled no less that 7754 votes, or 2036 more than the highest defeated candidate. Ab his resignation has been foroed upon bim through logal technicalities, he intends to lay his case before a public meeting of the citizens, and. will seok re-election in Deobmbor noxt. At the Sydney Obsorvatoryr on Wednesday morning the thermometer registered 98-6 in the Bhnde, being about4 degrees less t baton J anuary 13t the only hotter day of tho summer. Tho weather continued oppressively hot until towards morning on Thursday a southerly wind sprang up bringing, clouds and promise of rain. >. Tho Prospeot Dam has boon illuminated with, electric light to allow the work of assuring, its stability to be carried on at night. Tho woll known old colonist Mr. John Edye' Manning J.P. of Huntors Hill, died at Wentworth Falls, Blue Mountains, on Sunday night. Ho would have reached his 82nd year on the 22nd of this month. The body was brought down and was buried at Ryde on Tuesday, a large number of gentlemen attending. Mr. Manning's life had for a long time been growing weaker and at lost, fliokerod out through the weakness of old age. Not long ago his brother Mr. James Manning died. . At the funeral were the, two surviving brothers Sir. William and. Mr. Arthur Manning ; both venerable gentlemen whoso ages are appro aching four score years. Show this papor to your friends, and ask thorn, to subscribe. 