LOCAL AND GENERAL 19EWS. JAce M'GARwIoaL, who, last week, pro ceeded to Maryborough to take part in the sports on Eater Monday, has, after run saing a number of times in the colony siane his return from the South, succeeded in placing a win to his credit. The sports in question, which were commenced on Easter Monday, had, owing to the inclement state of the weather, to be postponed, and several of the events were run on Saturday. Amongst them was the final for the big handicap (£60), which was won by the white champion, Houri gun being second (£15), and the favourite. Dowling, third (£5). The distance covered by the winner-127 yards-was run in 12 2/5ces., making Mac. run three yards under evens. Os Friday last, Catherine Neilan app'ied to the Police Magiatrate for a protection.order to protect her goods from her husband, Edward Neilan, and his creditors. Cthorina deposed that, on the 2nd of April, she had been com. pelled to leave her husband on account of his dissolute habits and ill-treatment. He had not contributed towards her supporor that of his ten children, since bshe had been forced to leave him, and she had been and was still maintaining herself and her large family by her own industry. Too Police Magistrate ordered the protection-order to be issued. Ova Wivenhoe correspondent writes:e-For the last three weeks, we have had a full share Of rain, in almost continual light and heavy showers. Our creeks and rivers are all run. ning bankers. Oar hardy and spirited well sinkers still persevere, however, in boring il additional localities, and with great success, I am happy to soy.-I regret haviog to add that gome low, moan, and contemptible scoundrel or ecoundrels have recently vented their spite en Mr. Henderson, by thresting sticks. stonese, and other ddbris down kie first bore so firmly that many feet of piping are completely destroyed. No clun whatever is yet dis. covered of the mih creant. It is impossible to believe it to be any near neighboura, for almost all of them are rclatives by blaood or bLy ties at marriage, and are renarkable fir their indus trious and fragol habits, and, shove all, for that mutual frinsrlihip and geod- will thbt have made the Pocket of Wivenhoe so famous. a a retired and happy village seettlemaent. lay'e hotel has been burnt down to tl e ground. In spite of the efforts of neighboure, the road party, and police, the honuse specdi y became a total wreck, IN our last issue, telegram appeared stating that the railway fares between Brisbane and Sydney would be reduce. on and after the 1st of May, when tickets will be issued at the fol lowing rates :-First class single £5, second £3; first class return £6 10s, second £4. ON inquiry at the Ipswich Hospital, last evening, we were informed that the man James Wales. who was admitted into the institution a few days ago, dLffering from the effects of an accident, at the North Australian Hotel, by which pitchfork prongs picrced his side and back, is progressing as favourably as can be cxp:cted. WILLTA Qiian, who was fined at the Police Court,ou Saturday last, for being drunk on the railway premises at Walloon, had a very narrow etcape from being run over by a train on the previous evening. Quinn was over-carried ly the Western down mail past Rosewood to Walloon, and, as he was in an intoxicated condition, he caused a great deal uf trouble to the railway authorities. The station-master (M. J. J. Holdsworth) retired to his home about 9 p.m., but, f..rtanately for Quinn, he left a newspaper hehind him, nod he came back t3 the uffice ifr it. He thee missed Qinon, and he a.ked N ght-Porter Hurst where he was ; but that cfic-al did not know. On Mr. ul lsworth starting agahn for his reeidence, he heard a noise as of a body or something heavy falling, and, on searching in the vicinity, he found Qainn lying across the line, with his head on one rail and his I gs on the other. The up goods train was due in five minutes, and it was with some dificulty that the drunkHe man could be awakeued and re moved, the train-very fortunately, we under stand-bring a little late. The much-convicted one then exhabited his gratitude to the station master and his assibtant for thus saving him from inevitable death by abusing them, with the result that thi assistance of the Rosewood police had to be called in, and the provoking Willie placed in safe custody. BEFORE hin Honour Mr. Justice Harding, in Chambers, on Friday, Victor Wesyer, of Lowood, storekeeper, was adjudicated insol vent on his own petition, and on the applica tion of Mr. J. T. Kennedy; first meeting, 16th of May. AT the second day's sitting of the recent Good Templar seseion,held at Gympie, amongst the most important business submitted to the Lodge was the recommendation of a D.R.G.C. Templar for Queennland, when Bro. Joe. Craig. of Mareborough, was unanimously elected for recommendation. A recomendation for a G.S.J. Temples for Queensland was required, and Bres. Watts and T. Moore were nominated for recommendation. A ballot was taken, which renulted in favour of Bro. Moors. On the ubion question,a committee of five was ap. pointed to meet a similar number of the sister Grand Lodge in order to devise means to bring about so desirable an object. Hopes were ex. pressed that, with the committee appointed, arrangements for the desired conooummnation would be completed at a very early date. 'Ts rights and privileges in connection with the Ipswich Turf Club races, to be held, at Bundanba, on the 9th of Hext month, were dis posed of, on Saturday last, in the presence of a large number of persons, by Mr. Elias Hard. ing jnn., at his Nichlda~sstreet bazaar. The gates were knocked down to Mr. Adam Perrett, jan., for £60, and Mr. James Cooper secured the grand stand booth for £24, the same purchaser obtaining Nos. I end 2 publi. cans' booths for £13 each, and the two fruit stalls at £2 each, The right of printing and selling race-cards was obtained by Mr. W. H. Bemi, for £7 10s. THE Rev. E. Wilson preached his farewell sermons, in the North Ipewich Congregational Church, on Sunday last. In the morning, there was a very large congregation, and the rev. gentleman selected as his text Acts, xx., and 32- ' And now, brethren. I commend you to God, and to the word of Bis grace, which is able to build you up, and to give yaou an in heritance among all them which are sanctified." There were times, he said, when they were compelled to relect, and he believed that tak. ing a retrospect was good for them. He Ial. uInded to the wordseof Paul,in the same chapter that his text was taken from, when he told his hearers that he was clear of the blood of all men, and that he had declared all things unto them whether they considered it unpalatable or not. That taeght them notto be hard upon any man if they thought he was earnest and sincere. They should loak after themselves first, and hold fast the doctrines they believed to be true, taking care of their work and con versation. They ought to give heed to the truth they had heard, and watch, and not forget that they had been warned of their danger. They should all try and rcaliee that they were of one kinship, and, as Paul had committed his hearers to God, he could not do better than follow his example with regard to that Church. If they wanted confort in the future, they should go to the Word of God, for it would build them up, and give them a place among the sons of God. They would be sanctfied, and made meet for heaven, where they would be able to see plainly, and there would be no misconception; and he hoped that God, in His great mercy, wonid give them all a place among the sanctified in the home eternalin the heavens. In the afternoon,Mr. Wileon said farewell, in a few appropriate words, to the children attending the Sunday-school, and, in the evening, he preached very feelingly to a crowded Church from the words contained in 2nd Corinthians, xiii., and 14-" The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, he with you all. Amen."-expressing a hope thlat they would always remember the text as the one he had last given to them. 1 he rev. gentleman was listened to with deep attention throughout; and his numerous friends wish him every blessing and prosperity in the future. Oro Glamorgan Vale correspondent writes that a match between the Glamorgan Vale and Logan River riceket Clubs took place, on Easter Monday, at Glamorgan Vale. The vibitors won the toss, and decided to bat first. The last wicket fell for a total of 03, Roll and Trueshleim being the only two to reach double figures (10 each). The lecal club then took the creases, and made to; T. Dixon and E. Saunders making 13 and 12 respectively Excitemcot new ran high, bur the visitors rely making a total of 23 runs in the second inuinge, the Glamorganites soon mansger to make thie runs required to win with five wickets to spare. Davis and Berry trundled well for the loseea, and J. Dixon and Saunders for the winners. Houses and LAND for Sale,. Small deposit Eay repaymente (fractionoveramount of rent). See advertisemenut "Sales" column. G. K. SEAaoOK.--[ADvT.] 50 A man, named James (Henry) Martin, aged forty eight years, and residing at North Ipswich, died, in great agony, on Sunday morning last. It appears that, in November, 1886, the un- fortunate man underwent an operation for the removal of a cancer from his lip. The opera- tion was successful. About thirteen or four- teen months ago a lump appeared on the under surface of the left lower jaw, and this was attended to by Drs. Lightoller and Thornton, who removed the lump. This likewise got almost well, and the deceased went back to work again for about four about four or five weeks, and then another lump appeared almost in the same place. Martin was most anxious to have this removed also, and the same doctors performed another operation, and took the lump away, but, in doing so, they were compelled to take almost half the lower jaw. The wound healed up, with the exception of a portion about the size of a pea, which resisted healing, and the glands in the lower part of the neck, far removed from the original seat of the disease, began to enlarge. Under these circumstances the medical men considered it impossible to operate further, as there was very little doubt that the cancer had poisoned pretty well all the deceased's system. Martin must indeed have been a very strong man, otherwise he could not have survived such a length of time. After a term of patient, though severe, suffering, he passed away on Sunday morning, and his funeral, yesterday, was largely attended. THaE following is the official record of Queens land's new Governor, whio will be publicly welcomed to his new sphere of action to morrow :s-General Sir Henry Wylie Norman, G.C.M.G., was born in 18 6; joined the Bengal army in 184*; served as adjutant to the 31st Native Infantry throughout the Punjab cam paigo in 1848 9, including the passage of the Chi, Oh, action of Sadalapar, battles of Ghilidan edid and Guj a;, and pursuit of the Afghans and Sikhs; as BrigadesMajor or Assistant AJjutant- General, engaged in numerous affairs and expeditions in the PesheAr frontier from 1850 to 1854; in 1855, in the 8anthb?! campaign, in command of a detachment; in the Indian mutiny campaigns of 1857-58-59, as Assistant Adjutant-General or Deputy A'jo tant-General, and the greater part of the time as Adjutant-General to the army in the field; served throughout the siege of Dilhi; in all the notions under Greathead and Grant from Ddhi to Lucknow; relief of Lucknow; opera tions at Cawnpur, action at Khodagunge, and re- occupation of Funttehghr ; siege and capture of Lucknow, March, 1858; campaign in Rohil chand (wounded at the oction of Bareilly); campaign in Ondh; cold season of 1858.9, in. eluding several actiona ; in 1860 appointed as aistant military secretary to the Horse Guards; in 1862, military secretary to the Government of India; in 1870, member of the Viceroy's Council, and in 1878 member of the Councilof India in London; in 1853 appointed Governor of Jamaica; aide-de-camp to the Queen from 1883 to 18889, and in 1889 Governor of Queens land. In military rank Sir H. W. Norman is sixth on the active list of generals of the British army, and has, on twenty-five different occa siaons been thanked in general orders and de apatches, for service in the field. AT the Police Court, ou SBaturday last, before the Police Magistrate, William Quinn (against whom there had been forty-four previous con victions) was charged with having been drunk on the railway premises, at Walloon, on the preceding evening. " Billy" said, "I had some drinks in me, your Worship; I will plead ' Guilty.'" The P. M. asked if the defendant had been before the Bench three times within the twelve months, and Senior-Constable Bain said he was not sure; while WVilliam stoutly denied the allegation, though the P. M. was of opinion that he had had three interviews with him during that period. Billy: "Give a chanoethistime,yourWorship." Mr.Yaldwyn: "Oh. yes; you will be fined £2; in default, fourteen days' imprisonment ;" and the feative Willie marched off along with Scnior-Conaetable Bain. James Wales, licensee of the One-mile Bridge Hotel, applied for permission to exercise the privileges of his licenseo, at the rifle-range on the oecasesion of the quarterly competition of the Railway Rifle Club, on Saturday last, and the application was granted. A REDDAnK correspondent kindly sends us the following stem :-The annual meeting of the Redbank Plains Gospel Temperance Army was ceklbrated, on Easter Monday, in the Primitive Methodist Church, by a public luncheon and an after meeting. Provision had been made for a full complement of vis;tors; nor were the friends disappointed. Meedames HIillier, J. Gardiner, W. Rice, W. Bates, A. Rice, and Brennan, and Misses Dourack and Bates presided at the tables, and, by their prompt attention, won the hearty thanks of their numerous guests. The after meeting was full of interest. Mr. Thomas Chrislie, of Ipswich, presided; and, in a pithy, cheerful speech, gvore a good tobe to the proceedings. Mr. Cock, of the Plains, in a humorous speech, reminded his auditory that the Gospel Tem perance Army at Redbank Plains was a united band. Ase sunch they had succeeded in the past, and were hopeful for the future. Misses M. Bates and E. Dourack then recited, in a very telling manner, a dialogue, "The old blue bell." Mr. Samuel Shiolito, of Ipswich, fol lowed with an address on "Self-reliance," full of suggestiveness. If the young men of the Plains act upon the advice of this speaker, their future should be rich in good works. A duet, "Must I go in empty-handed ?' by Mrs. J. G, rdiner and Miss Dourack, as given with good effect. Master George Pinch's recitation, " GtoJ Old John," was a very creditable effort, and produced a visible impression. Addressee bearing on temperanoe were also given by the Kera. J. Addison, J. A. Taylor, and Mr. Porkinson. The last-named speaker related his experience in connoction with the drink traffic, coveringaometwenty-two yeals.pein: ngoutthe loss frequently felt by those who "touch, taste, or handle" strong drink. The meeting was much eto.vened by a choice selection of hymns, Mr. A. Johnson eflicienotly presiding at the organ being ably assisted by a strong choir. The passing of the usual vote of thanks to all helpers, &e.;, and the pronouncing of the beone diction, brought to a close an enjoyable and profitable temperance omeeting. Those" about to marry," and thole "already married," will do well to inspeco the WOOLLEN CorasY'. show e bl-oukets and iucuels be fore uying eleewhere. Hotel-keepers, farm ere, equatters, and everyone else, should see tlese goods. They beat anything else in the trade.--lADvT.] 12 r'PLEASE NOTe I 1--'The Year Book of Queensland, 1889 (price le., abridged edition Od.), i now recdy; and should be read by every Qucenselander who desires reliable infor mation on all matters connected with the colony, See advortiestment.-[AyVT.] ?ua newly-formed Pines Amateur aecing ainb held their first meeting on the local course, on Saturday, and it passed off succeasfully. During the day, however, it was noticeable that there was a little crook business in con cation with one of the events, and it was the opinion of mand that all coccelnad in the affair should have been disqualified for life. The following are the results of the different events ?:-Maiden Plate of 10 cove.; one mile. -C. Prnder's CrucifixB (M'Grath), 1; J. Car. sten's Belvidere (Guy), 2; R. A. Jordon'e Xmas, S. There were twelve starters, and Crocifix won comfortably. Shorts Handicap, o 15 cores.; six furlonge.--J. Stone's Pro gramme, 6at. 131b.(Conningham), 1; H. Fry's Tambour, 7st. i51b. (M'Grath), 2; L. Drouyn's Bowler, st. 3lb. (Guy), 3. There were fifteen starters, and Programme won a splendid race by a head, the second horse defeating Bowler by a neck. Local Hack Baoe.--J. MINevis's Anthony won after running adead heat with Mentor. Pines Handicap, of 25 sove.; one mile and a half.-J. Stone's Programme, ?7st. Slb. (Cunningham), 1 ; D. Trihey'se Laurel IL, Set. 101b. (Gibson), 2; L. Drouyn'e Bowler, 9St. 2Ilb. (Guy), 3. There were three starters, Programme winning oomfortably by a length and a half, Bowler being a good third. Selling Race.-D. Trihey's Warkworth (Gibson), 1; a. DoughtertyL'e Welcome Jack, 2. Wark worth was firet past the post, but was dis qualified on the ground that he ran inside a poest, and tie prizemoney was awarded to the second horse. There were twelve starters, and the winner was sold for £10, The local Far mers' Race, which was won by Jemima, con cluded the meet. Tire Commiseioner of Police received a tele gram, on Sotorday morning, from Senior Conetable Edwards, of Angathells, stating hat he had received a letter from Nive Downs, on Friday night, informing him that the cook in Mr. Fraser's camp there cor mitted anicide during the day. He was found in a waterhole, with his hands tied with a cord, the other end of which was tied to the fence. A WILso's PLAINws correspondent write : The second of a monthly series of Blue Ribbon entertainmenta took place, on Saturday last, in the Primitive Methodist Church, when the place was well fil'e with an attentive audience. Twelve recitatioens, one duet, one round, and twelve songs composed a very interesting pro gramme for the evening, the rendering of which occupied about an hour and a half. Miss Letitia Scells presided at the organ, and Mr. John Shelton was mesical condunetor. The recitations were given by Mr. John Shelton, Miss S. Shelton, Master W. Dun. ning. Miss Eliza Thorne, Miss Sarah Pamp ling, Master Victor Dunning, Miss Essie Scells, Mr. A, Cross, Miss Lily Dunning, Mr. C. Foote, and Master D. Pampling; and the songs by Messrs. J. Shelton, W. Danning, and W. Scelle, and the Misses E. Sheltoo, Violet Seells, Sarah Shelton, Elizabeth Johnson, Minnie Johnson, and Mary Thorns. The songs and recitations were strictly of the temperance order, and from the beat collec. tions procurable. The expressed opinion was to the effect that the programme was exceed ingly ureditally gone through, and very in teresting and instructive, combining a little of the ludicrous, the gravd, the pathetic, and the sensational. Twenty have signed the pledge, and there is no doubt that the blue ribbon in the buttdn-hole will be frequently met with n the neighbourhood. The posseessors will, no doubt, acquire a reputation and temperance influence which will not be easily overrated, notwithstanding a minority of a few creaking old weathercocks, whopossesacowardlydisposi tioa todecryearnestoessoreothusiaesm orzeal for temperance under the names of fanaticism and snch like. The pledge-takers, however, are none the worse for it.-The Rev. T. Thatcher has succeeded the Rev. C. Weeley, and preached, in the Wilson's Plains Church, on Sunday evening last. Although the evening was dark and wet, there was a good attend ance.-The weather continues showery, buht not sufficient rain falls to 11fill the waterholes in this neighbourhood. The weather is all that could be wished for for growing purposes, and already fair areas of oats, wheat, and barley are above ground, and look well. Great Displayof Goods in RoUssELL WLKies's Windows this day. Mind and look at Fancy Window, where all the articles are Is. each. [Avr.] 483 DanoIsTr?.-F. E. KoIERn Dentist, Brie. base-street, is now devoting Special Attention to that part of his business Artificial Teeth inserted on Gold, Silver, or Vulcanite; Teeth very carefully extracted, Stopped, &c.; Child rea's Teeth carefully Regulated.-[AwvT.] 55 WATEBR I WATEn II WATER I I--The great want of the oonuntry I How many people spend scores of pounds in Carting Water and driving their cattle to water, when they might save all that by a little outlay in boring about iSft. in their ground, and probably getting an unfailing supplyof good water at their own door! We would recommend our readers to consult Messrs. S. SmLLITo and SoN, East-street, They have on hire, and for sale, boring-rods, in abort and long lengths, with all necessary tools for boring either for water or coal. And, when the water is got, they will supply you with a deep well-pump, or any other kind of pump, to work by hand or steam. Whilst you are in their Stowe, just have a look at their Splendid Stock of Machines. The celebrated Albion Mowing-Machine, all steel working parts. Horse and .?ony Gears, from £8 10s. Chaff-Cutters, from £4 10s. Corn-Shellers, a Grand Machine, only £4. PoTozO'S Patent Corn-Husher : Every farmer should have one, and save his family the grinding labour oef husk ing. It will Husk, Shell, Clean, and Bag, all at once. Send for Testimonials of Farmers nsing it. . . SmOLLo and SoN import direeos e om the Makers and Manufacturers them. sovee; they cannot be beaten for price or. quality of artieleu.--fADvT.) 74 