CUltRIENT TOPICS. OnU SUOPPLENENT to.day contains: Among the Fijians-Readings Between the Lines-Musical Notes and Chit Chat Theatrical Notes - Brevities-- Football Notes-Cycling Notes-A- Record of Crime -Now Coke Crusher-Sheffield Court of Requests-Morning Chat with Mdme. Melba-A Chinese Romance--Letters: Castra Railway; Chromate and Asbestos Paint Company; M'Fadden v. Rumpff Mount Zeohaa-Advts., etc. Mnssns. G. W. Waterhouse, P.M., and A. Simeson, J.P., occupied the bench at the City Police Court yesterday morning. Bridget Walsh proceeded against Andrew Guy, junior, for the maintenance of an ille gitimate child, of which she alleged he was the father. On the application of the plain tiff the case was adjourned to Friday next, in order that she might procure legal ad vice. The Bench consented on condition that she paid 10a Gd before three o'clock in the afternoon, towards the costs of Mr. G. 0\. Gilmore, who appeared for the defen dant.-A man against whom there is a pro hibition order was fined 10s and costs for procuring intoxicating liquors, four days being allowed in which to pay.-Frederick J. Wass, charged with larceny as a bailee of a horse belonging to J. Fisher, value £7, was remanded till to-day, bail being al lowed in his own recognizance of £7, and one surety of a like amount.-Two charges of having cattle at large were dismissed. A charge of assault was also dismissed, there being no appearance for either party. Twenty-six vaccination cases were dealt with, three being fined 10s and costs, four withdrawn, and the rest adjourned. YsaTv?Ranr afternoon the hen. Alfred Pillinger. Minister of Lands and Works, arrived in Launceston by express train from Hobart. Duning the afternoon, accompanied by his Worship the Mayor (Mr. David Scott) and Mr. H. E. Lette, M.H.A., the Minister visited the Inveresk embankment, the portions which were proved by the recent floods to be weak being pointed out to him. At 11 o'clock this morning a deputation will wait upon Mr. Pillingor to place before him the question of railway extension to the Piper River district, The deputation, which consists of Messrs. C. Adams, T. Hard wicke, and L. W. Counsel, arrived in the city yesterday, and will be introduced this morning by Mr. H. Conway, M.II.A. AT the usual weekly meeting of the "Owl Club" on Thursday evening last, a presentation was made to the conductor, Mr. A. Weston Pett, in the form of a nicely designed gold badge, constructed upon similar lines to those adopted by the club. Seated upon a crescent moon is a figure of that bird of wisdom "the owl," while above is a golden scroll upon which is inscribed the name of the club. The badge was made at the establishment of Messrs. F. and W. Stewart. T'he presentation was made by Mr. A. J. Scott, on behalf of his brother members. In a brief speech Mr. Scott congratulated Mr. Peott upon the state of efliciency to which, by his untiring efforts as conductor, he had brought the club. Mr. Pett in returning thanks ex pressed his gratification at the reeceipt of such a handsome present, asserting that in after years he would look back upon the time spent with "the Owls" as being among thehappiest hours of his life. We understand that the club have an attrac tive programme in rehearsal for their next concert at the Academy of Music. A Now Head Master has been appointed for St. Francis Xavier's Seminary, Mar garet-street, in the person of Mr. G. C. Conwell, who succeeds Mr. M. Tenison, now retiring. The new Head Master has taken high honors in the Universities of Dublinand London, and held a Professor ship at the College of the Holy Ghost, Dallarat, presided over by Pere Reffe, of great literary fame. Dean Beechinor is fortunate to have obtained the services of so distinguished a man, under whose guid ance the scholastic interests of the children cannot fail to be greatly advanced, "ReonsnY UNnDER Arls" is the title of a now work from the pen of Iolf Boldre wood,' and is an interesting story of life and adventure in the bush and goldfields of Australia. The work has been dedicated by the author "to his old comrade, R. lurray-Smith," late Agent-General in Lohdon for Victoria. It is a tale depict ing .the wilder aspect of Australian life. and much of the narrative is stated to be literally true. The story is mainly de scriptive of the good and evil fortunes of a family called the Marstons, and the in terest is well. sustained throughout. " Robbery under arms" has been published by Messrs. Macmillan ,and Co.. of London and New York, from whom we are in re ceipt ofeta copy. FIno'r Messrs. Fitzgerald Bros. we have received, the July number of the Young Ladies' Journal, which contains the open ing chapters of a now story entitled "' Seen in a Mirror," continuations of the novels, "Behind a Smile," and" So very wilful," besides the usual short stories and. mis cellaneous matter. The usual plain and coloured fashion plate supplements and coloured designs for fancy work accom panying the number. Twa New Norfolk correspondent of the Mfercury writes :-" Before Coroner Moore, and jury consisting of Messrs H. C. Shar land (foreman), C. Terry,Wheeldon, Bailey, Hill, Maclnerny, and Carmody. The ad journed inquest on the body of George IMolmes, who was found in Dry.Creek, on Monday, was concluded, on Tuesday, 25th instant, with the following verdict --' That the deceased George Holmes was found drowned, but how he came into the water there was no evidence to show' To which the following rider was added:-' We con sider that negligence was shown on the part of the two witnesses Goswell and Plunkett, in not having madp an effort to rescue deceased from his dangerous posi tion.'" WE learn from our exchanges that Dr. Cockburn has succeeded in forming the folowing Ministry for South Australia: Premier and Chief Secretary, Dr. Cock burns Treasurer, Mr. F. W. Iolder Commissioner of Public Works, Mr. J. H. Howe Commissioner of Crown Lands, Mr. T. Burgoyns; Attorney-General, Mr. 13\. A. Moulden; Minister of Education, Mr. J. H. Gordon, M L.C.; member of the Erxecutive Council without a portfolio, Dr. Campbell, M.L.C. The hon. F. W. Grubb.. M.L.O. for Meander, arrived in Launceston by the a.s. Patens yesterday after blea recent trip to A cnsar excursion train will leave the Launceston and Western station for 'ormby at 8.30 a.m. to-morrow, starting on the return journey to the city at 5 p.m. M. HARRYnn P. LYows,the well-known and popular theatrical agent and manager, arrived from Melbourne yesterday in advance of Mr. Geo. C. Miln, the success ful American tragedian, who commengsq a season of legitimate drama stthe Academy of Musicon Monday, the 15th proximo. Mr. Miln is ht present drawing crowded houses at the Princess Theatre; Sandhurst, whither . he proceeded after his phe nominally successful season at 'the Mel bournoe Opera House. IN order to effect an improvement in connection with the lighting of the neighbourhood of Upper Charles-street, a number of workmen in the employ of the Launceston Gas Company have during the past few days been engaged in re placing the old main by a larger one. The Launceston Hospital and other buildings in the locality will, therefore, have the benefit of the consequent improved :gas supply, A NEw educational establishment, " The Lauuceston Academy," will be opened in St. John's school-robom, Elizabeth-street, on Tuesday, the 10th proximo, under the conductorship of MIr. G. C. Tenison, the recent popular head master of St. Francis Xavier's Seminary. As Mr. Tenison's capabilities as a teacher have been well known during his term at the last men tioned school, a liberal share of support will doubtless be accorded him in his new undertaking. " ANoLo-AunTRALIAN" in the European Mail of May 24 writes:-Mr. Bobert Shoe bridge has arrived, and adds one more to the small band of Tasmanians on this side. lHe is interested in, and is promoting, the fruit trade. Besides Mr. Shoobridge, I must not forget Mr. Charles James Atkins, who has brought with him some fine speci mens of ores, and other matters relative to the mining wealth of the colony. On July 1 will be published at Dunedin the first number of Zealandia, 'a monthly magazine of original New Zealand litera ture, by New Zealand authors. Judging from the contents list, the literary fare to he placed before its readers will be tempt ing and varied in quality, while good quantity is assured, as 48 pages of read ing matter are promised. The price is only sixpence, and as the undertaking is, to quote the words of the prospeotue, "a national and patriotic one," it should prove successful, it the readers of Maoriland rally round and show their appreciation of having a magazine all to.themselves. THe following memo. was posted at the local Telegraph.office yesterday:-" Bong Kong notifica that Canton-Swattow line is interrupted. Berne notifies that the cable between Rio Grande and Monte Video has been restored." THE contractors for the extension of the Government railway to Ulverstone have, we understand, bought a number of trucks from the Main Line Company. They will go from Evandale to their destination this morning. The quarterly meeting of the general committee of the Launceston United Friendly Societies' Dispensary was held last evening, when there was a large at tendance of members. Mr. A. N. Fowler occupied the chair. The correspondence, which was unusually large, having been read by the secretary and considered by the committee, the chairman reported as to the steps which had been taken in de fending the recent prosecution of the trustees for selling medicines to the public, and that the two informations brought by Mr. J. D. Johnstone against the trustees of the dispensary had been dismissed with costs. A letter was received from Mr. Jesse Lloyd, secretary of the Star of Tas mania Tent, I.O.R., stating that the fol lowing resolution had been passed at the quarterly meeting of that society held on June 24, viz.:- " That a vote of thanks be recorded on the minutes of this Tent, and forwarded to Mr. A. R. Fowler, chairman of the U. F. S. DispensaryCommittee for the large amount of time and trouble he has bestowed in working up information for the defence in the late prosecution against the dispensary. The sum of .£3. 3s was awarded to the dispenser, Mr. C. N. Rawson, and 10s to the junior apprentice in recognition of the extra amount of work which they had performed during the ill ness of the senior apprentice. The quarterly assessment was fixed at £2 2s per member, and a levy of 3d per member was made towards the building fund. Various matters of detail having been dealt with the accounts for the current quarter were passed for payment. Oun travelling correspondent writes from Cam road under date Juno 27:-I have to chronicle the marriage of our re spected State school teacher, Miss Cathe rine Jane Adams, with Mr. G. A. Clark, eldest son of Mr. W. Clark, of Vine Hill. The ceremony, which took place at the house of the bridegroom, was performed by tihe Rev. W. H. Bowe, of Burnie. Some seventy friends were present, and after dinner enjoyed a dance, which lasted till the small hours of the morning. The bride and bridegroom have the heartiest good wishes of the whole community. The ketches Ruby, Stephen, and Bertalda are busy loading sawn timber for Launces ton. I paid a visit to Mr. Stutterd's saw mill in the vicinity of the Cam River. He has some capital machinery, which is capable of turning out ten thousand feet a day. The roads are in a bad state as usual All along the coastwe have had a few days of fine bracing weather, with sharp frosts in tihe morning, but to- day it looks like rain.-Mr. J. Hylands, sen.' is seriously ill. He sustained an internal rupture some years ago, and in walking across his farm recently fell across a stump and sustained an injury which brought on his old com plaint. Dr. Armitage performed an opera. tion. Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Hylands, who is an old and respected resi dent in this district. In another column will be found an in teresting advertisement with reference to, the Launceston Church Grammar School, an educational establishment which has long held a high position amongst the schools of 'Tasmania. Atempting array of prizes is published, and these should prove a aufficient inducement to pupils Is en deavour to obtain a special standard of proficiency. There are the Richard Green Schbolarship of £10 16e, the William Turner Scholarship of about .£15 a year tenable for three years, and the W. K. Hawkes prizes awarded annually. Next December the following money prizes will be open for competition:--Latin essay, £5; Eng lish essay, £5 and £3 ; Euclid and Algebra, e£5 and £3; thorough knowledge of prin ciples of fractions, etc., £5 and £31 writing, £5, £4, and £21 reading, -5 and £e3. TuE following religious services are an nounced for to-morrow:-The fifth Anni versary of the Launceston Tabernacle, Cimitiere-street, will be celebrated. Ser mons will be preached both morning and evening by Pastor H. Wood, and collections will be made at each service in aid of the Church funds. At Chalmers Church the Rev. D. 8. Brunton will preach both morn ing and evening. The Rev. J. Lyall will preach at the evening service at St. Andrew's Church, a sermon, the subject being--"Adam; was he created of God, or of the poet's imagination P" The Rev. W. HI. Walton will preach at the Primitive Methodist Churchto-morrow morning and evening, and Young Town in the afternoon. Mr. Richard Graham commences another week of Evangelistic services to-morrow, when he will preach in the Firebell Tower in the afternoon and evening. At the Patterson-street Wesleyan Church to morrow the Rev. W. Presley will preach in the mogning, and the Rev. F. Nealo in the evening. At the Margaret-street Church the Rev. G. T. IHeywaed will con duct the service in the morning, and Mr. Blackett in the evening, Mr. Kirkwood will ofsilciate at Lawrence Vale in the morn ing, and Mr. Reader in the evening. At the Memorial Church tomorrow evening the subject will be "Our Police Force." Mn. W. HARTNOLc , M.H.A., has received a letter from the Premier, requesting the members of Parliament for Launceston to take the comesmunication sent to the Mayor re the disposal .of the Invalid Depot Grounds, as a ieply to their letter of the 5th inst., which has already been pub lished. IsN our supplement will be found an article with reference to a new .coke crnusher now in hie by the Leuniestoi Gas Company. NowrrTsaTAnDrrothe inelementweather last evening, there was a large attendance of members and visitors nt the usual weekly meeting of the Launceston Parlia mentary Debating Society, and the pro wceedings'ere of an interesting nature. A motion of want of confidence in the Minis try was expected to be tabled by the Op position, but the motion was not forth coming; this being probably owing to the array of members -on the Government benches. At the commencement of the proceedings the Clerk of the House read a communication from the secretary of the Debating Societies' Union, Hobart, invit ing the Launceston society to join the union, and if possible take part in a debate between North and South. A select com mittee was appointed to consider the matter and bring up a report. The debate on the public works statement of the Minister of Lands was then proceeded with, and an interesting and animated discussion was the result, members on both sides of the House speaking ably and powerfully. The following took part:-M-essrs. G. C. Gil more, S. J. Sutten, E. A. Nathan, Tyson, Francis, W. Martin, F. Littler, J. V. Sulli van, E. G. Miller, H. Latham, J. D. John stone, and O. Morrison. Tile debate was adjourned till Friday next. On Tuesday evening next the Rev. D. S. Brunton will deliver a lecture at the Mechanica' Institute in aid of the Chalmers Band of Hope, the subject being " Sketches in the reign of Queen Anne." As the sub ject is interesting and the object is a laudable one, there should and doubtless will be a large attendance. ALTrrnon no heavy rains have been re ported from New South Wales during the last few days, the accounts (says the Argos) that come to hand regarding the condition of the country are of a striking character. Throughout the greater part of New South Wales the floods this year are higher than they have been since1870. Numerous and large running streams are now to be found in Riverina in every direction, where running water has not been seen for nearly 20 years. Throughout Riverina the lamb ing promises to be very abundant, but it is feared that in the north of New South Wales the losses. of ewes during the drought will have affected the number of lambs dropped this year. For the future, however, everything promises exceedingly well, and the assurance of a good season and the promise of high prices for the coming wool clip, together with higher prices already paid for store sheep in the wool, have given to the snuatting interest a decidedly better feeling. By the death of Mr. John Kidd, which (says an English journal) took place at his residence, Carnoustie, on April22, the last survivor of the men who were rescued by Grace Darling and her father from the wreck of the steamer Forfarshire, at the Fame Islands, in September, 1838, has passed away. Born at Barry in November, 1811, Mr. Kidd, early in 1838, joined the Forfarshire as fireman, and was on board the steamer when she made her last voyage, He retired about 2G yeara ago. He was for many years a deacon in Barry Free Church. WE take the following from the Europealn Mail of May 24:--Carrying out a sugges tion made by the Marquis of Lorne a short time back, Mr. J. E. Cracknell has arranged to make a practical experiment in colonisa tion in the North Island of New Zealand, and to that end a party of twelve people from Lancashire-are to be sent ofton 31ay 30\. The party is a suitable one in every way, consisting of several married couples and families, and all posuesed of that essential requisite for a mission of the kind -a practical agricultural experience. Mr. Crackneli deserves a great deal of credit for the plucky way in which he has stuck to his task, as efforts of this kind are by no means easy of accomplishment. In his particular case the whole of the outlay in connection with the experiment is fslling upon his shoulders, and he is still some few hundreds short. A large number of philan thropic gentlemen have come forward to assist, and one gentleman has generously handed Mr. Cracknell a cheque for .100 to help him through the affair. A THUasDAY Island telegram, dated Monday, and published in the Argus, states that a Frenchman named Louis and a European partner arrived from the Kaitow River, New Guinea, on Saturday, reporting that there had been a severe en. gagement with the Tabooras, or throat cutters, on the evening of the Gth or 7th inst. A native woman, resident in the locality, .when out gathering fruit dis covered the Tabouras to be in the neigh bourhood. She returned hastily to the European camp in great terror. The party, consisting of Louie, his partner, a native missionary, and a native elhief, pre pared their firearms, withdrew from their habitations, and took up positionsbeside the trees. They sent the woman out again to de coy the enemy. This ruse had the desired effect of bringing the Tabooras within range just before dark. When the enemy was within close quarters Louie's party opened fire with terrible effect. They report having killed nearly 50, but probably this number is considerably exaggerated. They captured two men alive, who will be brought to Thursday Island by the Pev. Mr. Savage in the cutter Mary. The Tabooras are the same tribe of wandering natives who, about three months ago, cut off the head of Martin, who was a partner of Louie, Tu'E high price to which sugar has been raised is (says the London correspondent of the Argus) being attributed in France to speculative action. According to a Paris correspondent, loaf sugar, which is universally consumed, stood last year at 104 francs 50 centimes the 70 kilogrammes. It now stands at 125 francs. The popular belief is that this rise is due to a corner in sugar, and M. Laur, the well-tnown Boulangist deputy, has given notice of an interpellaticn calling upon the Govern ment to prosecute the speculators whom he supposes to have combined to bring it about, The Republique Franceise explains that the advance in price is due, not to any speculative combination, but to the fact that that there have been short cropa in Cuba and Java, the deficiency thus crested being 350,000 tons out of a total of 5,000,000 of tons which is required for the world's consumption. The R?epubliqsue further takes the trouble to explain that the rise in sugar is not in any way due to the Exhibition. It also gives the public the comforting assurance that if sugar is dear in Paris it is much dearerat Antwcrp, Hamburg, Magdeburg, and New York. A Brisbane telegram dated Monday states: The high prices ruling for sugar have led the planters to start crushing a month earlier than they would have done under ordinary circumstances. At Windermere, Bundaberg, a start was made last week, and other planters are making prepara tions to get part of their crops in on to the high market. While the present prices rule in the southern markets no fall can be expected mn Blisbane, but it may be con sidered that the top price has been reached. A OxRNOAL mesieg of the Bank Of Van Diemen's Land will be held at Hobart on July 11. Ar the City Park to morrow afternoon a sasied concert will Iweathbr permittini) be gisen by the 8t. Joreph's Band. A?N address of welcome forwarded to Mr. A. 18\. Johnson, of Campbell Town, on h, resturn to that district, i. published In another colamn, tosether with his reply thereto, MSn. H. L. Smih, teesher of music, an nounces he will resnme the practiocee f his pro fssion on the lfth proximo. SeInEoLDenn io s the Lasneeston Savrng, Investment, and Bilding Society are reqmltod to leave thoir pssbooks for the annual audit at the oflie of the Soclety on Monday evening neat. 