.UNIQUE REPORTING. :The following: extraordinary production is a sample of descriptive writing by an alleged society reporter, and whose initials are Hef Hee (F.E). He carries a stamp round with him, emblazoned with the announcement "Society Reporter" and his address in big type, and whenever he strikes a man with a big car, he pulls out this stamp and after inking it profusely fastens the exciting story of his prowess to the other fellow's auricular flap. He swells round at bun struggles and foundation-stone layings, and all free drink ing- or counter lunches of a- secular or commercial, character. He -poses at dances in'a Byronic attitude with his hands run through his hair, and when he gets hold of a silly school miss as sweet- as molasses and twice as sticky, he puts on a wearied atti tude, and talks of the respdnsibilities of an editor's chair and the worries inevitably attaching to a novelist. The last chunk.of double-barelled idiocy shoiild be said or sung after a heavy drunk, and if it don't sober a man nothing will. The paralytic fit is worked as follows :- - "By the invitation of the precedent of the Curlew Club 1C."M . Davi~e esquire a very large gatthering of gents includeing the -Mayor -R. W.. Best - M.L.A - and - other' Councelers of Fitzroy- met Him at the Fifz roy town Hall.on the Eve of- the 21st instant to wish Himn much Joy.and Happiness in his' future position in life the president (C.M.D) in opening staited to what purpose He had brought them toggether- Was to have a Quiet Smoke and a agreable chatt arid to take a social glass with : Hini he fel, pleased and highly honoured to see Such: a large gatthering of his friends and fellow curlews and trusted they would enjoy Himself he then called on the. orchestral for a Overture 'Waltz Nance .(or Vance-M.S. unreadable here-Ed. Mercury) on the danube (new way of saying Nance was drunk, we suppose -Ed. Mercury) This was rendered in a very eficient and pleaseing manner followed by Ipart songs by the iiuartete party, the others 1 taking part in the Program were Mr. A. Coppin (Recitation) old ben's yarn song " speed on Mr. Jones " which was followed in like manner by Messrs. Wainwright Elder Watkins Perkins Jones and other gents the Principal fetur in the program was a scene in character from Hamlet which for an amachoor performance of one of Shakesperes most difficult plays redounded greatly to the credit of the Curlew Clubthe following gents who took part in the Ghost of hamlets Father Mr Hector E. Hall Hamlet Prints of Denmark Mr. P. T. Duggan Horatio His friend Mr. A. G. Stach Marcellus.an officer Mr. James dawbarn the new scenery which was greatly admired was from the brush of our great scene painters Messrs. Hennings and Edmunds (Only one brush between them ? Ed. Mercury) during the interval Mr. R. W. Best M.L.A. called upon the gents to charge there glasses to Judicate the President's health he said we are all Aware that He had gone through the Bliss of Matrimony he held there Worthey precedent in great regard and felt satisfido that he deserves the credit and Good Wishes of the club followed by other songs and praiss worthy remarks of his new wife (who's his old one? Ed. Mrercuwo) Mr. C. M. Davies responded and thanked him in few and chosen words which was followed with musical honours The Major (Mayor is meant we presume--lMercury) then proposed a test to Messrs. Hennings and Edmunds the artist by saying they had Done Full Justice to the Club and He felt proud to beost that there was not another hall in and About melbourne that could look a beter scene both gents responded and the test was drunk with musical honours with a song and a comic resitation the Wreck of the Steamship Mr. Elder and the national anthem brought the lengthy program to a clothes much credit is dew to Mr. T. P. Dight and committee of the even ing's pleshure." When the reader takes into consideration that Hef Hee has been slinging this trash for months, it is not any cause for surprise that many sub-editors of society papers have lately retired to ant early grave. But the man caps his idiocy by carrying round that stamp and blazoning his name in big type on the shirt front of every person he drinks with If we slung that slush we'd not sign our name For the sake of our mother, or sister, or brother, But we'd spare our relations a spasm of shame, By signing some other. 