THE' PmZE BULL. I STORY OF SPORT AUD T UB DR&1KA AND NATURAL HISTORY. We were at liar Majesty's Theatre early on Saturday cvoning so as to ensure gettin g two throws for the prize bull. Not that wo have any moro uso for a bull than wo have for a road- roller, bub there is always satis faction of a large and varied nature in getting something for nothing, if it iB only a bull. And when thorn is a chauco of getting an animal which, in ddition to being covered with sufficient oxr.iio of b3ef to make two pair of tennis shoes for a block beauty, has also two-gilt tipped horns, a snub noso, a full longth fly chaser, and other ornaments, one can secure for the small cost of a simple shilling aclovon- fcotod ox-raiser, which has been associated with the drahmah, and turned up every treasury day to draw the little bundlo of 'oof from the gonial and courteons Macdonald, what visions of a swelling bank account, a couple of stud farms by the side of the winding Darling, romping hei?er3, bucking bullocks and moek-eyod kine present thcniaclvoa. Wo ask, what , visions V And echo answers "wot sort." It was difficult to imagine why Mac. wanted two bulls iu that gorgeous production of Julius Caesar till wo saw his boots. And then the whole thing was as plain as a black liair on a nigger's bp. Ho was look ing out ahead, and if everything was a failure and tho inevitable happened, he could at least kill tho cattle and got enough hide to make a good pair of metal crushers with which to go on tour. Mac is a humorous Irishman. Born in Donegal in J Bill, ho carries in his large light, heart a oapactty for blending tho sublime and everlasting with tho evaueeennt and gone-for-ovor, equalled hy none. Do is an innovator and an elevator. Beside him fciylvo, the original, is as 'the shadow of a sovereign compared with a Bank of England note. He, and ho alone, could have thought of attaching a bull rsflls to a tragedy, and ho alone deserves the credit. L9t him have tho palm and the glory now and ho on— Amac. \ i " Losdin Billy home." Anyhow, wo won tho bull. His photo- graph appears elsewhere. We have since lost him, and tho man. who brings back within aqnarfcer of a mile of our location so much 89 a hair ont of his tail, that moment that man will be gathered to his fathers. All our golden illusions of a 6tud farm by the Darling, of meek-eyed kine, and so forth, are as completely dispelled ai if they were hut the untold fragment,, of the Marble Man's dream. Alio bull has gone, and we are glad. He got there with both horns, and wa never hope to ait down any more. Two men now in our employ are engaged to take turns with us in making personal remarks about Shakespeare, Macdonald, the bull, and other eminent parsons, and if we live to be two hundred years old we cannot possibly get through half we want to say.<4t>He was not a professional beauty in tho bull line, and his os frontis was as fully developed as that of a prize- fighter. He had the temper of a policeman and the conscience of an oyster, and when we tried to load him out by tho side- door and knew ho was all our own, we wished he wasn't. Our only experience of cattle previously had been in the cooked state, and it is quite easy to understand that as we ap proached tho large and unreliable bovine we felt like a martyr going to the steak. Ho had a ring in his nose and a bent horn, and as wo caught hold of the one and rubbed him up and down the other we felt ten times mora anxions than Abraham did when he and Lot went out to divide their flocks and herds. AW would willingly have divided our prospective profits with anyone who would have helped us to drive the stallion ox homo. AVe commanded him to " Bail up " in a property authori tative tone, and approached him for t.he purpose of putting a bridle on. He ob jected to having the bit in his month, and had evidently been unused to running in winkers. How it happened we never will know till t.he timo comes that the crooked ehall be made straight, but two eoconda later wo were clawing tho unresisting atmosphere "P in the vicinity of the sky light, and the bull woe standing there chawing his cud, waiting till we returned. He received rw with pointed attention, and we realised for the first time what the post meant when he ppc-ko of men as the football of fate. Only Unn speme.d a sort, of orchestral duo, in -which t lie bull playpd the B — — sharp horn ar;d wo played the oomp-ah part. However, wo retained suffi cient presence of mind to remember that the Andalusian peasant girle when calling their bulls always say ' F.l Moro:' ' AVhen wo hit tho floor next titna wa shouted "El Moro" ia Radical Spanish, with t.r accent ®n the " El." And you bat wo got it. "El Moro; yes, sir " Aud the bull struck a sort ot' in ire to- morru n attitude as his horn split our coat- talis, which sug gested that we woro out f jr an evening's amusement, and were getting it. AVe could not have had more roil exsitcmnut, with a semblance of danger and a heap of uncertainty as to what wvi going to happen next, if wa had won anenrthquake in a land boom lottery. Life P Rather. AVe nover lived so long in fivo minutes before. And we were never so short a time on earth — at once. "Ho gels th-?ro with bo'U horns." , - . - Some people would have boon sat-isflod that that bull was not their meat. But we meant to load him homo for our babes and sucklings to feast their spark liug ryes on if it broke every bono in one cuticle. Our gall had burst and got into our heart. AVe had lived neo.r a Spanish oyster seller in AVoolloomooloo once, and all the courage of his ball fighting forcfathors jars pad un bidden to our physical procpsn as wo re called tho fact. AVo resolved to proceed tactically, so climbed up a gas pipe and warbled the first two bars of "The Torreador." The prize bull bowed his crested head, uncocked his tail, and loft tho promises. Music hath charois to soothe tho savage boost. Out in the street wo felt wo had the best of the deal. If he camo any more funny business wo conld shin np a telegraph polo, without being thrown up, and ronmiu in comparative safety till tho fire-escape camo. AVhen wc reached tho street a small rod-whinkored man wob standing with his asm ncrcss the animal's neck, talking cheerfully' to a cab man. Both had been drinking ram and ouracoa, and the breath of cither would havo tripped a stone lioroe. AVoworoin no condition to Btafco terms. AVo simply remarked; " You seem to know that milk-eyed animal." "Oh yo3," ho said, " Mo 'n Billy's bin playiu' lead over thoro.'' " Yes. AVell, we'll give you half- sovereign to play lead once mora this evening and lead Billy home." " Right y'are boss, Ibn on to yov. Yon get into this other gentleman's kob, e'll only charge yer two 'n a sprat. I know whore y' live. You're the Dead Bird, 'aint yer?" We made no reply. Thio was fair. Thirteen short weeks ago wo were unknown. As plain Algcnon dp Conroy de Smith-Smith, wo had ploughed our weary way and let our little bark canoe drift on the rolling billows of life's ocean.. Now after a brief interview with a bull we were recognised as the Dead Bum. No more. Ghosts of tho do Courey do Smith-Smiths, if thero isn't going to bo soma haunting done after this, we'll drop the family name and change it to Ball or Macdonald. But »i rendezvous at the D.B. office. Tiy the D.T.'s and telephone when there's fan on. According to engagement the person who had boon playing lead with the ball arrived. AVe wore before him, having travelled m the " other gentleman's keb.' ' Ho led Tanrus into the yard, tied him to one of the necessary outhouses, obtained ihe promised currency, drank a bottle of whisky, told ns to feed him on lettuce, loaf sugar, and canary seed, and after delivering a quiet kick at the stone bulldog on the stop be left the promises. He might as well have taken them under tho circum stances, for " Billy " was in possession as absolutely and irromovably as if he were a sheriff's officer with a distress warrant in one pocket and a week's whisky in the other. When we prepared to rest the wife of our bogom slept; tho olive branches, green sprays from the family tree, were away visiting the amber-winged augels in liabyland. Though the forms were there tho spirits were absent ; the dimpled chins and rosy lips, the golden hair and silken lashes drooping over sleep-slain lids, the plump white arms and snowy bosoms peeping through their bed-time garments, were there, but as part aud parcel only of the dnsfc to which they muBt return. On tho pinions of night the white-winged souls had flown away -away into the great for ever, the homo of childhood, the dream land of youth, tho oternity of sgo— away amongst tho sinless seraphs— away to tho foot oE tho Groat AVhito Throne — away, away, to lisp their baby dreaming in tho Batoning ears of those already beyond tho sky and beyond the tomb. AVe gnzsd on the sleeping beanties, kissed each baby face, and though wo didn't pray we wished —how we wished for them and ua that wo wero all together in Baby land among the happy angels, where there will ho no bulls and no Macdonald, Then, taking two shillings from the wife's purae, which she had incautiously left on tho table, wo opened the cupboard, withdrew f ha I v.hieky, mixed a uoggir, thanked Hiiyon I wo wore not as other men, and proceeded to look over tho pr'ort sheets of the next Dead Bird. AVe lovo that quiet hour, tho noon of night, when work can be got through without interruption, when only the click of the took— ah, that was tjje whisky— tho tick 6f the cloak disturbs our meditations, when notbiag but an occa sional row iu the street, or r. AVinohester policeman clubbing a quiet, tired reporter, or tho ravings of a drunken copper aud his " piece " make night all too lively for that timo of day, At that hour one smokes tho pipe of peace, sips hi3 whisky with content, loves hiB wifo a3 ho did iu the early cays when lio aud she sit on a fence and chewed wattle gnsu together, sanaks tip too occasionally to his youngsters' bed die to get a little more of the spirit of the angels, and learns to love his neighbour as himself, bar one — Masdouald, tho bull distributor. this stage in the proceedings Part II. of tho entertainment commenced. There came to our ears a sound as distant thunder. It was Taurus walking about tho yard with the neceonary cut-house attached. Ho had, doubtless, tired of the monotony of iaact'.fude, and grown weary for moro fun. Ilia aimless wanderings attracted the attention of the r.cighfcours. Oac timid old gentleman, under the im pression that an earthquake had taken place, left his apartiucatB clad only in his robe de jikiV., a shore singlet without a waistband, nn«l started to run for doep . wator, where he could swim the trouble out. Another, who had been putting tho enemy into his mouth, rushed out of his dwelling place and darted for tho fire station. He probably ir, going yet'. Oar gentle holp-meet, who is slightly hard of hearing, awakened under tho impression thoro wa3 a rat in tho pantry, and com manded us to go forth and disturb tho same. Gentlemen, wo would willingly seek the bubble reputation ill tho month, of a South. Head cannon; wo would, with dauntless heart, track I mo Coo'geo navage to his lair, or walk down l'rinusss-streot at mid- niuht, but we dared not go down for auothcr five minutes with our prize propagator of tho bovine species. AVo told the wife we had won a bull, aDd that ho was simply 'taking cmriy morning exercise at 12 -15 a m. A woman will face a bull, but not a cow or a mouse. AVhy.no one knows. Throwing 'on a red wrappor, she trotted downstairs to view tho recent ad dition to tho family circle. She opened the back door, stopped into tho yard, and in ono second by tho town clock she had returned, As she dashed into tho room She strove to shut the door, and fell a limp, dishevelled heap at our feet. Behind hor, detached from tho necessary outhouse, but with portions of it adhering to his head gear, strode Tautu3 the Bull. Friends, ho was eight feet high if he was an iuch, and his eyes were as full of firo as a bookmaker's breastpin. AVo had won that bull, and it was a patent fact he knew it, and had come stay with us as long as wo both should live. If he had strolled in and thrown himself, hido, hoofs, and fixings on the nupti-ihcouch, we would not have been astonished. If ho had swamped our whisky, taken up our pipe, and with pen in hoof proceeded, to correct tho proofs of the next Dead Bird, wo would cot have given vent to any expression of i surprise. If he had 1'loked out the window and studiod tho stars that studded the sky, and then announced that we would probably havo a three years dronght next " summer, we would have taken it in as something quite likely to bo accomplished. Ho was a white bell— Whitewashed. « Ho, however, did nothing of the sort. He simply stepped into the room, and the floor being light and not cattle proof, he passed through into the appartment below, in which the lady who does our cooking | slept. As he camo in she went out. She has not yet sent for her boxes. Portion of the ptemiscs was now well and snffi- | oiontly wrecked, but our bull, who had | feasted at the Lnpercal, was in no wise ! concerned. Finding himself cramped for space ho simply butted his way through the partition wall into the kitchen and jammed ». few of his horns into the various utensils. It was 1 a.m. 'The neighbours had all gone off on a rim for high gronnd, thinking probably the end had como ; our wifo aud our little ones wore hanging on to protecting portions of the interior of tho premises, a/raid to go down and tiuahlo to go up. .tt cap t>. time of trouble, | aud through it all Urn prend SrmkeBpeariiin entire bullock ambied gaily with a saucepan lid on his horn, and the laths aud frame work of a bedstead rotshd birr, like a hoop- nkirt round a Now. Guinea native. It seemed as if hours elapsed before ha triad to make liio exit. F-.coba.bly he was wait ing for tho applause which should havo como, but didn't;. At length he made a move aud prodded the front door with his disengaged horn. It was solid and refused to yield, so ducking his ohaggy forefront . " 'Billy' loavos the premises." 1 1 he retreated three bull paces and charged —not half as mnch as Che contractor will for repairs— bnt bo got through quicker, aud, bounding down tho step3 like a deer Jospt nearly into the arms of a policeman. AVe are not yet prepared to die, but we wish to if it is not trno that he covered 2 10yds and clitnbed an eighteen feet water spout inside ovens. Hs told U3 ho never ran so fust in his life, and it gave him such a fright that ho has been running over siren. And noxt day he summoned ns for keeping an idle and disorderly house, and B holding cattle for slaughter on tho premises. B AVe paid the fine. But keeping cattle for I slaughter on the premises ! That Clan | Macdonald bull was not there to bo I slaughtered. Ho could not have boon I killed with' a Catling gun loaded to the muzzle with railway fish-plates, One home is no longer tho sanctuary to whioh we resorted in time of trouble. It is a wretched wreck. The first floor and the second floor aro one. The wife of" our besom has returned to the home of her childhood, and with her tho little ones nnd the cat. AVo aro lonely and desolate in our middle age, loft with a heavy bill for repairs on our bauds, end a broken heart under our waistcoat. And why P Because wo loved .Shakespeare p,nd won a bull. Next time wo want ono wo will go down to the Star office and load him home behind a bottlo of whisky. 