pteratm WITHOUT LOVE OR LICENSE. A TALE OF SOUTH DEVON. Bt HAWLEY SMART, Author of 'Breezie liangton.' 'The Master of Eithkelly.' ' Long Odds,' &c.; [Published lj special arrangement with the author, Alt rights reserved.] f!H*T-TF.p. TTT. — The Bajtker's Daughter. Sir. Sam Mercer was not wont to stay with his family during his brief visits to Exmouth. He invariably pat up at the Beacon Hotel. He waB fond of and on ex cellent t-erme with Mb parents, but his business as a bookmaker left him bat little leisure either for writing or visiting, ana it was no uncommon thing for months to elapse without any communication taking place between him and his people. He had been not a little surprised upon hear iDg on his arrival at the Beacon that his father had taken the Old Dragon Inn. He bad seen the old man dip into all sorbs of eccentric speculations. He knew what a reticent man he was on all matter* of business, but as Sam said, ' the old 'an generally came out at the right end of the horn.' What this new fad of his might mean Sam could form no idea, and what ever his crafty parent's designs might be he knew him too well to suppose for one moment that they would be unfolded to him. Joe fiercer had a high opinion of his eon'e natural astuteness, he had also on a slight scale tested Sam's busi ness capabUies when he was a youngster, and when about twenty he furnished him with a modest capital and told him to start for himself, Sam elected to make his starb in America, and it was there that he still farther culti vated a tatte for horse-racing, with which he bad always been bitten. With a shrewd head for figures he soon saw that there waa money to he made at it, and was tolerably successful when oat there. Bat if yoa mean to make money out of business you must go where business is, and Sam knew that for the professional racing man there was no country In the world like England, fie accordingly returned there and en rolled himself amongst the noisy fraternity of the ' Bine.' Strong, active, keen-witted, betting on strict mathematical principles, and regard' tag the horses as mere pawns upon the board, Sam steadily worked his way up wards : he was soon well known aa per fectly 'straight,' and acquiring a con siderable clientele. His father more than once advanced him money with which to extend his operations, and as Sam. In due ccnree repaid such loans he stood high In the old man's estimation. If not one of the leading magnates Sam Mercer was a thoroughly known man amidst the mem bers of the my b tic circle, a favorite vita most of them, and rather celebrated for the queer Americanisms with which he was apt to garnish Mb conversation. He had promised to take his sister to see the finish of the match, and next morning after an early breakfast Sam wended his way to the Dragon. There he was cor dially welcomed by his own people and introduced to a Mt. Brent, who, Sarah in formed him as they walked In the garden afterwards, was a stranger staying In the liocee, ' though what he, father, or any one else can want to stay at the Dragon for, beats me.' 'Never you mind the old 'an,' re joined Sam, ' his head is screwed on the right way, I guess, but as for this Brent it Is odd, nnless he has come after you, Sallle.' ' He takes no trouble to let me know it if he has,:- replied the girl with a toBS of for head. ' ' It's not likely I'd look at the likes of him.' ' He might think yoa good-looking, though yoa don't think him,' replied her brother laughing. ' Bat how do yoa like the move V ' Ob5 1 don't mind it much,' replied Sarah. 'One house is pretty near the same as another while we go on in this old pottering way. I want to go away and begin life afresh. Everybody says father has got money, and yet we go on just as we did when we were supposed to be poor,' ' Ah,' said Sam, ' you want to splurge about a bit, keep a carriage, and play the lady.' The girl nodded. 'I'm sick of tramp ing up and down the Esplanade,' she remarked. ' I want a change of some sort.' 'Never fear, a good-looking young woman like yon will get that before long. Time we were tramping if we mean to see the finish of this match.' On their way into Exmouth Sam sud denly exclaimed— ' Here's old Tootell; he is certain to atop as and ask where we're going.' 'He ought not to ask me,' replied Sarah laughing, 'for the last time he did I told him bluntly not in his direction Row, Sam, that is one of the plagues of keeping an inn. That dreadful otd man is the torment of oar Urea. We can't shut the door against him as we coald before we tamed Innkeepers. 'Voa know what he Is, and he Is eternally prying about the Dragon. Comes to see how we are getting on, he says. What Mr. Brent la doing here puzzles yoa ; as for Tootell, It causes him sleepless nights.' But upon this occasion, strange to say, Mr. Tootell raised his bat and harried past them. Like many idle men he passed a considerable portion of his time in look Ing out of the window, and from that point of vantage bis attention had been attracted a few minutes previously by the appearance of Mr. Brent making his way to the very centre of the town. He had \- sever seen Mr. Brent In Exmonth before. What could he want there? Mr. Tootel was going up to the cricket, ground, bat he considered that, if possible, to discover what had brought Mr. Brent into Bx moath -wasjof paramonnt Importance. 1- : know^rbat US' neighbors were doing ani \- to ascertain who and-~ whaV any strangar might be who turned up fa the town or on its outskirts had become quite a disease with Mr. Tootell Since his retirement from the 'public' line he had been de prived of what was to him a source of un mitigated enjoyment. Mr. Tootell had a great belief in bis own powers as a comic entertainer, and -was wont to give speci men of bis talents in that line to a few of his intimates In his own bar parlor. These performances were usually received with great enthuelam ; hla songs and recitations met with much applause, as is the oase ?when the host is an entertainer in more ways than one, and Tootell on such occa eioEB pushed the bowl about with the generous fretdom of the postboys in the famous lyric His exhibitions of the sea sons. In which his face was by turns sup poBed to express, spring, summer, autumn, and winter, always brought down the house, and was the most extraordi nary exhibition of facile contorion ever eeen. Some carping critic it is true, had derieevely said that if Mr. Tootell would turn his attention to grinning through a horse collar he would be sureof thetop prize in most country fairs. Be that as it may, the eelf- sattefied tones in which he an nounced 'laughing spring,' 'slam- berous Bummer,' 'fitful autumn,' and ' boisterous winter,' and then proceeded to facially Illustrate them, -was a sight always received with inextinguishable laughter. Mr. Tootell, Indeed, was mach given to theatricals, and never lost an opportunity of displaying his hlstronic powers, and though people were unkind enough to say that whether he made up or whether he made faces he was always Tootell, and an irredeemable stick, yet that was by no means Mr. Tootell's Idea of his own humor as a low comedian ; It is necessary to mention his paEslon for iheatrlc&ls; because this taste initiated him to some extent In the art of making up, and though he might perhaps fail in his own person, yet it showed him how clever actors could disguise themselves by the aid of wigs and pigments, and this know ledge, as we shall see, was destined to in volve Mr. Tootell in an awkward predica ment. When he met Sam Mercer and his sister he had for the moment lost sight of Mr. Brent, and it was his anxiety to once more hold tbat gentleman in view that caused him to pass them so horridly. He very soon recovered the trail, and follow big Brent at a wary distance saw him enter an ironmonger's shop. This circum stance would hardly have cost any man but Tootell a Becond thought, bat that worthy muttering to himself, *! Now whab can he want there ?' stopped on reaching the window and looked in. Brent was engaged in purchasing some few things apparently connected with the Inakeeplog trade, such as taps, funnels, &c.; Having obtained these he put the parcel under his arm, and coming oat of the shop pro ceeded to retrace his steps In the direction of the Dragon. Mr. Tootell shook his head and wended hlB way to the cricket ground immersed in a brown study. Who waB this man Brent ? What was he staying at the Dragon for, and what the dickens did he want with taps, fannells, &c;? ' Bought 'em for old Joe Mercer, I B'poea; odd Joe didn't bay things like that for himself,' and once more Mr. Tootell shook his head and proceeded in quest of information. Play was in full swing when he arrived there, and the match in that interesting condition of being anyone's game. Ex month was just finishing their second innings, but had not done quite so well as in their first essay, still for all that, what with having a score of runs in hand on the first innings they promised to put the Exeter men hi for a very respectable total. A few minutes more and the last Exmouth wicket has fallen, and after the usual pauee Exeter sets to work to make the 102 runs necessary to victory. It is almost needless to observe that Mr. Tootell was more absorbed in watching the doings of his neighbors than in watching the cricket. ' Hallos,' he mnttered to him self, ' who's that young spark that Sallie Mercer has got hold of ? Handsome girl Sallie, bat she must be getting on. Let me see, how old is she ?' Mr. Tootell was a peripatltlc chrinolo gical table, or as the young ladies of his acquaintance expressed it, ' an old horror about dates.' Bat his thoughts on Miss Mercer's age were dissipated by hU running against a fellow gossip from Exeter something of Ms own kidney, and from him he Immediately sought the in formation he wanted about Miss Mercer's cavalier. ' That,' returned the other, ' that la Mr. Hallaton, the young officer who made the great catch yesterday at Exeter. He ! he 1 Seems a little caught himself just now, don't he 2' 'Ah, you've got quite a new lot of officers this year at Exeter, haven't yoa 1 How do you do, Mr. Mercer ? We were just talking about the officers in Exeter, and you were saying, Mr. Wilson ? ' *' That we have got a very lively lot this time.' 'Throw their money about pretty freely, eh?' said Sam, 'and keep the tamborine a rolling. It must make a good deal of difference to the town. What sort have you got at the barracks ?' «' Tea,*' replied Wilson, ' sometimes they are a much more moneyed lot than others, and, of course, that makes a difference.' ' And those you've got there now are full of money ?' enquired Sam. ' Just so,' replied Wilson. «« There's youcg Hallaton and two or three more of 'em must spend a deal of money one way and the other.' Sam Mercer passed on with a careless nod and left the two old goBslps to ex change scandal at their leisure. Young Hallaton at all events had the reputation of being well off in the town where he was quartered, and this was a little bit of in formation that Mercer was glad to acquire, as he trusted to henceforth number young Hallaton amongst his customers. Not that he had any sinister designs against that young gentleman, bat if he was destined to lose his money over racing it might as well go Into his (Sam Mercer's) pocket as any one else's, and he thought Fred Hallaton far too excitable a young man not to find the turf a very expensive purenlt before he was much older. Mr. Hallaton devoted himself pretty well to Miss Mercer nearly the entire afternoon, and Sarah was nothing loth to parade her admirer before the eyes of Ex mouth then and there assembled. In fact when his innings came and he returned to the pavilion without making much addi tion to the score hiB bosom ally, Dicky Chives, could not help chaffing him about his flirtation. ?* Look here, young man,' said Dicky, ' flirting is all right and regular, bat there are times and seasons for ib. Yoa can't expect to play cricket and flirt as oat rageouBly as yoa have been doing. Yoa would never have muffed that ball if yoa had been cool and In your right mind. Of course you were thinking how you would astonish that handsome girl in whose pocket you have been sitting all the after noon and yoa did.' 'Shut up, Dicky,' was the laughing rejoinder. ' We all play a little too slow sometimes.' 'More especially when we ate wool gathering as yon were,' said Chives. *' Mark me, young fellow,' he continued with mock solemnity, 'your passion for petticoats will be your ruin.' 'There he goes again,' soliloquised Dicky, as Fred ran up the stales leading to the roof to shake hands with Miss Syd ney. 'He can't keep away from em,' and with that Mr. Chives harried to the refreshment bar to calm bis feelings. Dicky Chives was a well known man in the Royal Artillery, and an athlete of no mean description. Usually captain of their cilcket team wherever he was quar tered, and always ; engaged in boating and racquet-playing, shooting, or something of that description, he held Hcurioasly aloof from feminine society. Popular Mfc? *# known amongst men, hewas-neverftseiiM a ballroom, and when his Brother officers thought 'to return hospitalities, they had -received In that fashion, it waa declared that Dicky, although ready enough' to put bis hand in his pocket, invariably applied for three days' leave, until, to use bis own expression, *» the shine was over.' 'Sony for your bad lack personally, Mr. Hallaton,' said May Sydney, «s she shook hands, 'but my sympathies, of course, are all for Exmouth. A most in teresting match. Three wickets to fall. Ah, no! there -goes another and Exeter wants thirty- five runs to win yet.' ' And will never get It,' exclaimed the banker. ' It will be close finish, but we shall juBt pull through. 'I shall be broke,' he continued, ' if we don't). I've got a sovereign, on Exmouth.' ' We shall bring . your heart in your mouth jet,' rejoined Ballaton,' smiling. ' The last two wickets often give a deal of trouble.' Fred's careleeB words came true in the present Instance, and Exeter crept up within thirteen runs of their opponents before their stumps were scattered for the last time, and Exmouth was left the victor by that amount. 'A capital match,' exclaimed the banker; 'and mind, Hallaton, yon have promised to pay us a visit next week.' ' All right. I am not likely to forgeb Miss Sydney's commands ;' and so say tog Fred raieed his hat and rejoined his comrades. Chapter IV.— 'The Old Ballroom.' ' So you are off to-morrow, Sam,' said Miss Mercer to her brother as he walked home with her after the cricket-match. ' How I wish I was !' ' Well, I gueEs you've no cause to com plain,' he replied. 'Yon had a pretby good time to day, anyhow. That young Hallaton was ?saloonlng' you about pretty well the whole afternoon. You eeemed to take to him rather kindly.' 'I Bhonld rather have said that he took kindly to me,' retorted the girl laughing. 'Yes, he is rather nice. I wonder whether he has gob any money ? These officers, I've heard say, are seldom rich for all their laced jackets.' ' They have a good bit of money, some of them,' replied the brother. ' I know, because I had dealings with them. This yotmg Hallaton is well off, bat It's nob likely to matter mach to you. No doubt he admires you, but a swell like him is not likely to come to the Dragon for a wife.' ' That'e so like a brother,' replied the girl pettishly. ' I'm sure I wish he had never come to the old tumble-down place. One hears such queer noises there at night, I declare If I believed in gho3ta I should think it was haunted.' 'Queer noises,' said Sam, 'odd; What sort of queer noises ?' 'Oh, I don't know; the whole place creaks. It's only the window or rats, I suppose.' ' I shall say good-bye to you here,' eaid Sam. 'I said it to the old folks this morning. Is there anything wrong with mother, by the way 1 She's gob a worried* anxious look about her that she didn't used to have.' 'Nothing that I know of,' rejoined the girl. 'My fancy, perhaps,' replied her brother, as he kissed her, and then turn iDg on his heel he Btrolled back to his hotel. Miss Mercer walked on towards the Dragon excessively pleased with herself and all the world. She had had a good looking young officer dangling at her side before the public nearly the whole of the afternoon; she was conscious of looking her best, and that her proceedings had been viewed by her friends with envy and all uncharltableneBS She smiled to herself as Bhe fancied Bhe heaid the expressions, 'forward thing' and ' ' look how that Sallie Mercer is carrying on.' Mies Mercer was no innocent girl In teens, but a young woman who knew the world. She might not be accomplished, but she was quick-witted as any of her family and lesB burdened with principle. She had no pitiable weakness for In stance about adherlrjg to the troth if she considered a lie would serve her purpose better. Just the sort of woman whose fatal beauty lares men to their undoing. She threw her head up proudly as she thought of her brother's remark. ' Not come to the Dragon for a wife, Indeed,' she muttered, ' Sam don't know much about women, or he'd not talk foolish like that. There's plenty will come to the Dragon or anywhere else when Sallie Mercer lifts up her finger,' and then she began to reflect that though It waa un doubtedly true that she might have been married more than once, yet it was equally certain that she had never as yet hooked a fish ehe considered worth landing. As for yonng Hallaton, he had promised to come out and see her at the Dragon, and let Sam think what be might, if she coald only see a little more of that gentleman ehe would answer for it the result would be in her own handB. Sam on his parb as he walked back to the Beacon, dismissed all thought of young Hallaton from his mind. ' I dare say,' he reflected, ' Sallie does geb a little tired of the old jog-trot life. It is all very well for a few days resb, but ib would kill me In a month. However, peace and happiness ain't mach in the way of a regular racing man, and the cry of ' I'll take six to four ' beats the song of your thrashes or blackbirds into fits. It's a rum start what made the old 'an take that Inn. However, he knows what he is about, and is more likely to have an ace tip his sleeve than expose bis hand.' And then Sam Mercer went Into the Beacon to snatch a hasty dinner before catching the night mall to town. Country quarters from life Immemorial have enjoyed an unenviable notoriety from the facility they afford those quartered in them of getting into scrapes, and it was not likely that the metropolis of the west was going to prove an excep tion. Fred Hallaton had been unmlabakeably smitten by the belle of the Dragon ; he bad a good deal of idle time on his hands, and Exmouth and Exeter were by rail bat twenty minutes apart, and two days after the cricket match saw Fred Hallaton making his way oat to call on Miss Mercer. That young lady received him with the eweeteBt of smiles. ' Ah, this is good of you, Mr. Halla ton,' she exclaimed as she extended her band. 'You men are very apt to pro miee to come and see us and then forget all about us till we next help you to kill an idle afternoon,' ' 1 can't fancy any one forgetting you,' replied Fred, with an ardent glance. ' I was bo much interested in your account of this old urn that I thought I would take advantage of your promise to show it me.' ?* I don't know there is much to show,' returned the girL ' It is more the stories connected wlth*lt ; but I'll show yoa one room running oat at the back which really le curious.' She led the way op a few stairs, then along a passage, then down a few stairs again at the other end, threw open a door, and said ' This is the ballroom.' ' Ballroom !' ejaculated Hallaton, 'and what on earth does an urn like the dragon want with a ballroom?' ' Well,' replied SBxab, ' the house Ib a good big one as yon see, and yean and years ago people used to come out fiom Exmouth In the summer time, and dance here. It was a good-sized room capable of con taining a party of four or five score people for dancing purposes. At one end was a much-out-of-repalr little music gallery. Job Mercer had evidently not thought it worth while to go to any expense ataut doing up this part of the house. There was lotB of old furniture heaped up aboat ? It ; broken chairs, benches, &c;, ; and It was pervaded with that peculiar smell which characterises a rroonwn which the windows - are never, opened: the ctast of many fears had -ac- cumulated on therioketty fornlbare, wMft had probably been taken over by tenant after tenant when the. palmy days of the Dragon had departed.' It was evidently many years since the room had been used in any way. 'The old people about,' continued Sarah, 'declare that there used to be no end of fan and capers golpg on here when they were young ; that rthere were lots of dances daring the summer months, and in the winter they say it was given up to the smugglers, who used to drink and smoke and carry on all sorts of mad~gam.es. There's an old fellow here— oh, ever so old, over eighty, I am sure— to whom I Eometlmes go and talk when I am dull, who tells me horrible tales of what went on at the Dragon when he was young— aU lies, I daresay.' 'Oh! don't know.' replied Hallaton, ' I fancy there was a good deal of wild work went on along these coasts in those times. Smuggling was at its height then, and I should think those who followed it were a pretty rough lob.' 'Yep, old Mutter tells dreadful tales about the Dragon. Perhaps he only does it to frighten me, he says jbhe smugglers when they gob mad with drink would quarrel among themselves, and use their knives and pistols on one another. He declares that he has seen more than one man carried out of this room dead, and he's got a horrible story of an adventurous exciseman who got in amongsb the smugglers in disguise, bat was discovered before he coald get back to his comrades with the information he bad gained, and was never heard of afterwards.' 'And whab did people say became of him ?' asked Hallaton, who was getting much interested in the legends of the Dragon, or it might he in the narrator of them, who was looking extremely hand some in her pink cambric morning dress. 'He was murdered, old'. Matter de clares. However, I know I would not come into this room at night, and I don't believe in ghosts either, bat there's some thing uncanny about it. Look,' she added, 'do you see this trap door in the corner ; they say that leads down to where the smugglers hid their brandy and staff.' ' Has anyone been down to aee ?' asked Hallaton, 'Father did when he first took the bouee. He says there is only a couple of large cellars which haven't been ased for a long time. But come oat into the sun shine, this old room always giveB me the creeps. As they went towards the door Halla ton's eye waa suddenly caught by a candlestick, a box of lucifer matches, and a short clay pipe which were lying on a ricketty table not very far from the trap door. ' The only sign of the day we live In !' he exclaimed, laughing as he touched the lacifers with his stick. ' Odd,' said Sarah. ' I wonder who has been into the room ? I'm sure neither of the two girls would enter if yoa paid them for it. I suppose it must have been father for something or other. ' They passed oat of the room, and Miss Mercer led the way into the garden, where the conversation took a more per sonal turn. Sarah had every reason to feel confident that, she had not overesti mated her attractions. Fred Hallaton wandered about the garden .with her the best part of an hoar, and was then for mally presented to her parents as 'Mr. Hallaton, a friend of Sam's.' Fred rather winced at this. Sam Mercer was no doubt a very respectable man In his line, bat his acacaintanceship with Hallaton certainly did nob justify his being described as one of that gentleman's ' friends.' Yet the girl had bat cleverly taken advantage of the fact that It was her brother who had introduced Fred to her. Joe Mercer welcomed him with the greatest cordiality, insisted upon his having a glass of ale, Bald it was a queer old inn, and there were many strange tales about it. , u I don't bother my head about it my self, but Sarah there has a taste for these bygone tales, You must come over and see us again soon, sir, and get her to take you down the road to old Mailer's. He will spin you yarns by the hoar aboat It I shouldn't wonder if old Bob had seen a sight or two in these walls he'd as lleve not speak about.' ' Thanks,' replied Fred, as heswallowed his ale and prepared to go ; 'I shall take an early opportunity of coming ov.er again ; these smuggling legends always interest me, and you have promised to be my cicerone, Miss Mercer. She waa'nt very clear what it was, but . she nodded assent and flashed her black eyes into his face as she accompanied him to the gate. *? Good-bye,' she said, ' don't forget to come soon, and I'U take yon down to see old Mailer. Only give the old man a little tobacco and a trifle to buy ram with and he'll go on yarning as long as yoa care to listen to him,' and then with a quick little nod she turned back to the house. Fred Hallaton was conscious of having passed a very pleasant afternoon as he strode back on his way to the rail way- station. As he neared his goal he encountered a fussy little man, who after eyeing him with evident Interest, suddenly took off his hat and asked him if he coald tell him what o'clock it was. As the stranger was palpably wearing a watch, at all events a chalD, Fred thought lt rather singular he should make this request, and as he took out his own watch to comply with it ob served drily, ' I suppose yotirs don't go ?' ' Well, yes, it does, stammered the stranger, but not quite with the accuracy necessary (ami here the speaker's voice swelled as of a man safely delivered of a lie) to the happiness of a man of punctual habits.' 'Half -past five, and I recommend you to look sharp,' said Hallaton with a steady glare at his questioner, ' I Bhould think your friend would be anxious to see you.' 11 Yee,' replied Mr. Tootell, ' for he of course was the stranger, poor old Joe Mercer looks to seeing me pretty well every day. Capital good ale at the Dragon, ain't it, sir ?' *' How the devil should I know,' re turned Hallaton, so sharply that Mr. Tootell Involuntarily took a step or two backwards. ; 'No offence !' he replied deorecatingly, 'I didn't mean any harm, I'm sore, bat old Joe does keep good ale and Sallle Ib an uncommon fine girl.' ' I don't know who yea are or where you may be going,' rejoined Fred fiercely, ' but I recommend you wherever it is to go, for if you pester me any more with your confounded remarks I'll chuck yoa down the next area we come across. ' ' Oh, I don't want to intrude upon any one, especially the servants,' rejoined Mr. Tooteil, drawing hlmsejf up hi a way that provoked a smile from- Fred HaUa ton's Ups, 'bat I thought perhaps yoa were friendly with the Mercers.' 'Well, never mind what yoa thought,' rejoined Fred, 'my way lies here, and yours no doubt In some other direction.' 'Oh, I don't mind which way I walk. My time's at my own disposal If you're going to the station I'll just look in and see how my watch tallies with the station clock. Perhaps yon have a train to catch ? If both onr tickers are wrong it will be a case of ' Oh, what a surprise.!'' and Mr. Tootell was proceeding to warble a stave of the popular refrain when Hallaton tarned eharply upon him and said, '*' You had better take your muBloal talents, air, where they will be appreciated. In the meanwhile I wish yon good morning.' Mr. Tootell stopped. v This was an in sult to bis vocal ability which he coald not overlook : moreover, as he admitted after- ' watdd, ' that tall young/ man looked daKgercnr.' ' Huffy,' he ; remarked to falmEalf ; ' these military gftats are apt to be snptrciJouB. Now, I wonder if he has been outit the Dragon. ;' ?'?/'? '*? ~' ^ ' iToife ccntinuei.J ;s \Mm iltrtrA&rm.; Here IB the alketch SB . sp^iluptume}^ ?_ , ''' ''?' ?:--'-:'-' ?' ? :' J**-i- .* . tihttBefow-ft tres tbovghttost by tlie opinion *-£ them sffl 4&B-tbythe; 20th day of May 4he captalnee toS maiinen clu^d take snipping and depart fromiRa&cttS; qpoa the -ebbo if tt pleased Gcd. They ha^QgnlQtedthekacotQatin tance, one Mb wife, another his children, another il» kinsfolkeo, and another iita friends jfleerec thwiib klnrfoifcfiB, were present and ready mt the day ap pointed; and 3nviog wayed ancre, they departed with the turning of the watei, and mtiHcgeadly, came fi»t to Greenwich. The greater shlppes we towed downe with boats and oaxee, and the mariners being all apparelled in ' W&tehet; or aide- colored doth, rowed amalne, and -made way with diligence. And being come neeve to Greenewich (where the Oonxb then lay) presently upon the newse thereof the Courtiers came nnmlng out, and the common people flockt together, standing very thlcke spon-the«hoare ; the Prlvie Council they ' lookt -mt of tihe windowB of the Court and the rest zanne up to the toppes cf the towers ; the ehippes hereupon discharged their ordinance, and shoot off their pieces after the manner of warre, and of the sea, Insomuch that the tops of the hills sounded therewith, the vailies and the waters gave an echo, and the mariners, they shouted In eueh sort that the skie rang agalne with the noyse thereof. One etoode hi the poope of the ship, and by Ms gesture bids farewell to his frfeaJea ln;the beBt manner he coxld. Another walkes upon the hatches, another clicabes the shrowds, another steads npon the znaine yard, and another in the toppe of the ehippe. To be short, it was a very triumph (after a Eorfc) in all respects to the beholders.' (To he continual,) 