fp£ jlaprifornian. SATDUDAr, SEPTEMBER 21, 1S89. THE NEW SOUTH WALES FREE TKADE CONFERENCE. The Free Traders of New South Wales got a great fright at the last election. Satisfied of the soundness of their policy, and resting on the long list of victories scored at the polls, they marched confidently to the ballot box, and awaited the result without trepida tion. Bat a woeful surprise was in Etore for them. They won, bat it was no hollow victory ; a short head, as the sporting writers say, was all they got home by, and that was only secured in the final elections or, to keep up the illustration, the last stride. No wonder they were crestfallen and their opponents jubilant. Outsiders, it is said, see most of the game, and the nuiark is true of politics at any rate. Had the Free Traders of New' South Wales been a little less confident, a little less inclined to rest on past victories — if the; bad not taken every- j thing for granted, but acknowledged that it was witkin the range o£ pos sibility that they might be defeated, then probably the resalt woold have been more in accordance with their anticipations. But this prudent doubt was altogether wanting, and aU things considered tiiey might consider themselves exceedingly lucky. Many a score of contests have been lost through over- con6dence, and to gain the experience without paying the foil premium, was a piece of good fortune which does not fall to the lot o£ every party. The lesson has not been lost Everywhere throoghout the mother colony the dominant party are busy setting their honse in order against the next election. Over half a century ago a famous British statesman urged his party to register, register, register; it was the groundwork, he said, of all success. The Free Traders of New South Wales are to-day acting on this advice with praiseworthy diligence. In each constituency hardworking committees and indefatigable secre taries are bringing every stray sheep into the fold, and if possible driving out a few goats who may have managed to gain an entrance. But aU tibis is not enough. There most be cohesion, and a common aim in the army ; a number of regiments, no matter how well found or disciplined, will not prevail against any enemy if each is left to take its own road, and, like Hal o' the Wynd fight for its own hand. So there has been a great gathering of the clans in Sydney. Every free Trade association and club in the colony almost was represented, and there every thing was planned and determined so that the host may be mobilised at a day's notice. The first great difficulty of the con ference was one of organisation ; the party suffers from a plethora of public spirited members, all anxious to serve their country. This has brought disas ter in the past, and a vigorous effort was made to discover some suitable method of selection. The conference faced the difficulty fairly ; there was no attempt, as is so often the case, to throw every trouble on the floor of Parliament, and seek relief in some Act. Not bo very long ago the Liberals in the old country were similarly burdened — the difficulty is not met with now, Mr. Gladstone has no longer a superabundance of candidates — and a great cry arose for the adoption of the French plan of a second ballot. But the Hew South Wales people are self-reliant ; they surmount the obstacles which confront them unaided by any Parliament. This stumbling block it was attempted to get rid of by appoint ing a special Board of Appeal, who shall, in the event of Beveral raririH^t^ deeuing to represent the party in any one constituency, declare who is to retire. It is a thankless task, and can only succeed provided a high state of discipline, and an overmastering desire for tie success of their policy, pervades all the members. It is difficult to per suade a man that he has not a ghost of a chance once he has fairly faced the electors from a public platform, and still more hopeless to convince him that it is his duty, and not that of his friend Mr. Blank's, to retire. The plan chosen is probably as good as could be hit on, but the Board may congratulate them selves if they find fifty per cent of their decisions respected. Having got rid of this thorny point the conference next took up the converse difficulty— con stituencies which the Protectionists were permitted to retain unchallenged. This was got over by resolving that all elec torates should be contested in the in terests of the party. Next came the platform — what was to pe the cry? Although practically a Free Trade colony, New South Wales is not so absolutely, £2,210,000 is received throagh the Customs ; but of this sum £1,500,000 is collected on liquors and tobacco duties, which the Free Traders do not propose to touch. There is no wish to have unrestricted trade in these lines ; the greater the duties reduce the consumption the better the Free Traders will be pleased. But after deducting this sum £710,000 remain which are re ceived from purely Protectionist duties. These the conference dc-sircd to see abolished, they have perfect confidence m their own policy, and indeed j were rather partial to the opinion that ? they suffered greatly in the past through I thus tampsring with the unclean thine It was absurd, however, to propose sweeping away three quarters of a million of revenue without proposing a substitute. The conference recognised this, and boldly advised a land tax. The motion in favour of this proposal was adopted unanimously, and here lies the real importance of the gathering. The most unpopular policy in all these colonies is a proposal to restrict ex penditure. A democratic government can do many bold things with impunity, but it dare not be cheeseparing, even fru gality is looked on with suspicion, thrift may be allowed to pass, but it never provokes cheers. Every Council and Board in the country desirns to spend, and all look to the Government either for grants or loans. The out goings of the Treasurer increase every year, and the London market cannot be drawn on continually ; interest has to be paid, redemption money funded, the government of the country carried on, and money is required for all these. One party have in season and out of season declared that our proper bank is toe Custom House, from there every penny required should be drawn. To this the Free Traders object in the sternest manner, and urge weighty and unanswerable reasons in support of their opposition. But they have been obliged to do more ; it is not enough to demonstrate that Protection duties are the most pernicious and unjust of all *:p «?«»«, an alternative plan must be pro duced, because above and beyond both Free Trade and Protection there is the Treasury, which most be supplied at all cost. Here then is the plan of the New South Wales Free Traders— a land tax imposed on the unimproved value of the land. That it must come to this did not require any great powers of prevision to foretell. Take the United Kingdom; there Protection is unknown, and so also, except in a very modified degree, ia a land tax, but to make good the deficiency an income tax is to be found that yields annually a sum far beyond tbe total revenue of any Australian colony. Ho one proposes an income tax in Australia. It is an inquisitorial impost at the best, not readily collected even among the settled people of the old country, and an impossible tax here with our large floating population. Nevertheless it is a tax of a similar character to the land tax. The two are auks a tax of possessions, the poor thus escaping under each impost. Of the two the land tax is alone possible in these colonies; the land, unlike the people, does not float, though its value at times goes up and down with great and sudden bounds. Victoria for the present, at any rate, has settled this question by choosing the Protection hom of the dilemma. New South Wales, it is clear, is to have the alternative put before her at the next election. What of Queensland 1 We have not yet reached that stage of development attained by the older colonies ; our day is not yet. But things move quickly in the tropics, and Queensland goes ahead far more rapidly than any of her sisters. There can be little doubt but that we are in a transition stage at present. For a few years the present hybrid tariff may prove equal to our needs ; it may even happen that the Treasury can be supplied with an easier tariff than we labour under just now, once that terrible deficit is paid off. But there can be little per manence about our present system, the difficulty will have to be faced some Say. Happily we will not be the first If it is ever safe to prophecy in political matters, it would seem warrantable to predict that the parent colony will have debated this matter before Queens landers axe forced to discuss it in dead earnest. In the multitude of counsellors there is wisdom, and who knows but many golden grains of truth may yet be picked up south of the Tweed to aid us in our difficulty. 