Mr. J. H. Alley, P.M. Among Victorian men of the time there is none whose high repute stands on a sounder basis than that of Mr. J. H. Alley, whose personality has been familiar for so many years in the police courts of Melbourne and suburbs j for in the long administration of the onerous and off eh difficult duties connected with his position as Police Magistrate, Mr. Alley's name has become synbnomous with impartial justice and true humanity. His career of three decades of magisterial service, formerly in the bountry districts of Victoria, and of late years in the police courts of the suburbs of the Metropolis, has been one of consistent discharge of duty without fear or favor ; sometimes even at the risk of incurring censure from. powerful and influen tial partizane, and an imperfectly informed public. In matters of conscience, Mr. Alley is inflexible, being one of those " men who their duties know ; but know their rights, and knowing dare maintain," has had occasion at times to insist on his rights in keeping the balance of justice against intermeddling private in fluences, of which so many of the unpaid Justices are so susceptible. Whilst severely punishing adult law lessness, especially larrikinism, bad language, Mr. Alley has ever shown rational leniency towards \- juvenile offenders, brought up on their first charge, it being his opinion that " it is almost better to let them go unpunished than to send them to associate with criminals," and while to "respectable ruffians" deal ing out their righteous deserts with no niggard hand, their " respectability " being in bis eyes, not a reason for clemency, but an~a"ggravati on of the offence, the weak, old, and inoffensive of whatever country or color, have ever found in him a staunch, unbiassed protector from unprovoked and malicious assailants. Maintaining that " his reputation is at stake for the correctness of his law," Mr, Alley with the same conscientious administration which made him grant no concessions to "Salvationists" for breaking the laws against street marching, reminding the de linquents " that all good citizens were bound to obey the law, and all Christians did so, and the Army ought to bear in mind that they were obeying God in maintaining the law of the land " has declared that " he could never refuse to state a case for the opinion of the Supreme, Court," and his opinion given in open court is well known that " every man should have the right of appeal," " A remark which," said a journal at the time, "should be printed in letters of gold and hung up in every police court throughout the length and breadth of the land. This language is very different," this organ continued, "it must be confessed from the language that not unfrequently is beard from the lips of the 'Great Unpaid,' " Another journal, V commenting upon the Police Magistrate's dictum on the right of appeal, said, '• Those who have nad occa sion to narrowly watch Mr. Alley in his decisions, state that be oan rarely be caught napping and that his judgments are, as a rule, unassailable. In such a case, a judge oau afford to be indifferent to appeals or stating oases." His private obaraoter is of that order of rectitude and sterling kindliness which inspires instinctive confidence and induoes many who require friendly help and advice to solicit his valuable counsel, such seekers being met always with unfailing courtesy and generous consideration, Mr. James H. Alley was born in 1828 at Elm PaTk, Kiimore, County Dublin, the seat of bis father, Mr,'John Alley, High Sheriff of Dublin, eldest son of Mr. John Alley, of Artano House, Artane, Dublin, formerly Lord Mayor of Dublin, He was educated at Dr. Lardnor Barker's, in Ireland's Capital, and at schools in England. He early.evinced a strong proclivity for the son Ho spent much time yachting and went to sea as midshipman in the " Oandahar," Indiaman, then employed by the British Government in conveying coolies from the East Indies to the West Indies to work on sugar plantations, after the abolition of slavery, The young sailor afterwards served as second mate of the " Spartan," one of the Black Ball line of vessels between London and New York, On one of his voyages on this ship in 1819 tho.crew.dcsortod at Now York, the captain and chief officer left, and none romaiuad. but the sooond mate (Mr, Allay); th? carpenter and steward. The vessel was dated to sail on November 6, and on that morning the new captain and first mate were to come onboard. During the nights of the 5th a crimped crew was put on board in a state of helpless drunken ness, who on recovering the next morning broke out into open mutiny. The second officer and carpenter being the only men in charge of the ship at the time, the latter hoisted a flag for assistance, and an Ameri can man-of-war took possession. This.difficulty was overcome, but on the homeward voyage the "Spartan" sprung a leak. The water quickly arose to 7£ feetiin the hold, and notwithstanding that the pumps were worked night and day it never grew less. The cargo was a floating one of grain and flour ; a part of the grain was thrown overboard to prevent the: swelling and bursting of the deck. The weather was exceed ingly rough and destructive—seas swept the deck. wTth sails torn to ribbons, the men refusing to go aloft, and not knowing the moment when the leak might increase past control, for four weeks the stricken ship was driven along, during which time the galley being washed away, no cooking could be accomplished, and all lived on biscuits and raw pork. At the end of this terrible period, by good Providence, the water logged " Spartan" drifted up the Mersey and dropped anchor at Liverpool. A pilot came on board and took possession, when all the worn-out men gave way at once, the subject of this biography among the rest, who slept for three dayp uninterruptedly, aroused,only at intervals to take nourishment. During this trying episode of his life, after being many days.and nights without sleep or rest, our future Police Magis trate saw the first, last and only ghost of his life, in the Bhape of a man, who in the coinage of his strained and wearied brain, seemed to be skulking about the deck in Bneaking effort to shirk his work at the pumps, and to whom the irate officer gave headlong chase, until he found him self caught and restrained from further pursuit of the phantom of his insomnant vision. This disastrous voyage, aggravated by the discovery after leaving New York that he had been robbed of all his clothes and personal treasures, except a few "ducks" in whioh he had to face the chill and tempestuous seas of the many weeks' helpless drift across the stormy Atlantic, cured the young sailor of his bent for a seafaring life, and as a mariner "he laid his hand upon the 'Ocean's Mane,' " no more, though aB yachtsman he has all his life " played familiar with 1 Ocean's ' hoary locks," for the " swelling of the voiceful sea" has never lost its alluroment, and when skimming the waves with con genial companions, " The Corsairs" language has ever been his :— " Far as the breeze can bear, the billows foam, Survey our empire, and behold our home." Mr. Alley married early in life, and came to Victoria, where he entered the Government service as Warden of the G-oldfields, Chinese Protector, and Commissioner of Crown Lands in 1859, and was stationed at Sand hurst. In 1860 he was appointed Police Magistrate, and in the same year was despatched to take charge of the Buoklaud District. Shortly after the Buckland riots, caused by the European miners who, objecting to the large number of Chinese then working on the Upper Buckland, on a certain day armed themselves, collected in a strong body at the head of the Buckland river, and forcibly drove the whole of the Asiatics down the valley of the Buckland and across the Ovens river at Parepunka. The Chinamen were compelled to abandon their tents and property, and several were killed on the occasion while resisting. Mr. Alley had a good deal of rough work in the early days of the goldflelds, and, after leaving the Buckland, was stationed at Sandhurst, Red bank, Barkly, Landsborough, Woods PoiDt, Kilmorc, Beechworth, Wangaratta, Stawell, Port Albert, Ararat, and several other places. In 1881 he came to Melbourne, since which time he' has aoted as Police Magistrate at all the suburban police courts. At the end of 1888, in addition to his other duties he was appointed President of the Court of Marine Inquiry j a new court of extensive juris diction, which,came into existence under the " Marine Board Act" of 1887, a position for whioh, owing to his nautical experience and acquaintance with Mara tirae law, he was rightly deemed to be well fitted. Finding, however, that to discharge the heavy and responsible duties of the new oourt, necessitated con tiuuousBtudy of Maratime law, on aooounfc of the flue teohinical points whioh enme up for consideration, compelling reading at night, which was seriously affecting his health and eyo sight, and also for other reasons, he lately resigned that position, and purposes applying for twolve months' leave of absence to enable bim to visit Europe, On the final oooHsion on which Mr. Alley presided at the Court of Marine Enquiry, Mr. Wollaston, counsel for the Mariuo Board, took opportunity to refer to the very able manner in which Mr, J. H. Alley, P.M., had discharged his duties whilst acting as President to that Court since its inauguration in Deoember last, and by desire of the legal profession, who fait that in under taking a new procedure in the Court—a prooeodure whioh was new to overy member of the profession — Mr. Alley was surrounded with great dlffloulties, and on their behalf, Mr, Wollaston thanked the retiring President for the invariable courtesy he had extended towards them, ns well as to the witnesses and all engaged in the courts. Mr. Alloy, we believe, is to sail for England in the " Valetta," in January next for his well earned holiday. We sincerely wish him Odii voyage, a pleasant furlough, and return on its expiration with renewed health and strength to the magisterial position he has filled for so many years with honour to himself and satisfaction to tho public. 