¦¦¦¦¦?¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Mr.-:. r Most Itt^toife;-s of Vigilans et Audax. PERTH, MONDAY. JULY 7, 1889. After, an interval of Nineteen years NAsh EdDie, Shah of Persia and v possessor of many more imposing titles, I is renewing his acquaintance with the , centres of Western civilisation. Except- ing a brief visit to St. Petersburg in 1878, His Highness has not travelled beyond his own dominions since the memorable tour of 1873. Neither to himself or to his entertainers can his present tour a woke the same interest as did his journeyings in the early seventies. He was then to everybody, save a few Anglo an Indian who had been brought into contact with his kingdom by the labours of '"War' or diplomacy, a mysterious and asm barbaric Oriental potentate; a despot which powers limited only by palace in- trigues, and the fears of assassination; a Prince who in outward appearance was Chiefly noticeable for diamonds and dirt. "'We' had fought him in 1856, come to 1: terms, a few months later, and kept up friendly relations ever since. His reception on his first arrival in England left nothing to be desired. He was feasted and feted without stint; he was the pop 'star tion of the hour; the illustrated journals were full of his doings; the daily papers' chronicled his every movement ; and not the least among the evi . dances of the interest which he aroused is the fact that he was enshrined in the dogger 'el verse of a music hall song. The western 'world than learnt that although Nash Edlin's habits were in some respects peculiar, and his manner not in strict consonance with European rules of polite loss, he was according to his environ- ment, a more than usually enlightened sovereign. In his youth it was his fate to experience no small share of war's alarms, the beginning of his reign being signalised by a sanguinary conflict with a fanatical party of insurgents known as a the Baby's," but whose deeds far belied \- their name. The remainder of his reign has been marked by one long endeavour to introduce western methods of Govern- . neat, though it must be confessed not 'With the most conspicuous success. Personally, indeed, allowing for the difference of race, he can well compare with his brother monarchs in Europe. As a royal globe-trotter he is unexcelled save by our own Prince of Wales. His tastes 'are in many respects cultivated; he is said both to draw and to paint, to have a nice taste in turning verses, and to be a lover of music. He was one of the first to head the now numerous list of princely authors, and those who have read the English translation of the diary which he kept during his travels" in 1873, will remember him both as a shrewd and a close observer. For an Eastern potentate he is simple in his tastes,' although if some of the many stories told at the time of his last visit to England, and which are now being revived, are true, he has a truly Oriental contempt for cleanliness. It is possible however, that the insight into European customs which he then gained, has not been without its results, and that the Shah who is the ghost of the Queen to-day, ha? vastly changed within the last nineteen years. But however that may be, whether altered for better or for worse, he is sure of the same right royal welcome, the same generous entertainment, and the same thoughtful prove \- sion for his enjoyment. Within the last day or two the City of London has received him with that almost regal magnificence, for which even in these days of municipal reform it still retains its fame, and in the historic Guildhall he has been greeted with words of amity and congratulation from the Prime Minister of Great Britain, speaking for, and on behalf of the British nation. The Shah is too intelligent a sovereign not to recognise that very much of the attention he receives is due to the position in which Persia, and he as her ruler now stand. Like Captain Mac- heath in the Beggar's Opera, " The Country of the Sun " is embarrassed by the assiduous attention of two equally ardent admirers. Ouone sadistic Polly Peachum of the Russian Court and on the other the Lucy Locket of the English Foreign Office, and listening to their blandishments we can well imagine Captain Persia gently sighing " How happy could I be with either were t'other dear charmer away." For more than forty years has this assiduous court- ship continued, and during the time the . lovers have been successfully played off due against the other. But the wooing, especially of Russia, begins to grow fast and furious. Hor advances like those of Thakebay'sj notable scoundrel Barry Lyndon! alternate between Cajolery arid menace, and it is little short of a certainty that the more importunate suitor will gain the day. We can scarcely expect that the Shah's present visit to England will enable Lord Salisbury to checkmate Russia's latest diplomatic movements. It may however, have the effect of postponing the incredible crisis, and the longer Persia is restrained from sinking into the position of a, Russian satrapy, the better are the opportunities of perfecting that scientific frontier of our Indian Empire which Lord Beaconsfield valued so much, and the importance of which has only recently been re-iterated by one of the most successful and able of Indian viceroys, the Marquis of Dufferin and Ava. 