TALKERS GOOD ANNEAR, ME (By James Paw, is the New york Forum.) It is not unusual to find persons distinguished in other paths of literary, even those who are justly recognised as men of genius very poor talkers. they give up their sweet thoughts to put them in their, books, and have no honey to/spare for their companions; or, "touching the stars with their heads, they are inconvenienced by stooping to us, and, like a tall man walking with his little boy, abstain J from conversation for that reason. Some of them, on the other hand, talk a good deal, but not well, though I have always thought that description of Goldsmith, " He write like an angel, but talked like Poor Pall," must have been an exaggerated one ; he could never have been so very dull, for even in the deserts of talk in those of whom I am speaking, there is generally an oasis or two, which betrays the real greatness within them. It is only that talk is not their forte, just as among whist players it is rarely the ablest in general intelligence who plays the best rubber. There are, of course, excep- tions men who run through every mode if the lyre " and are masters of all. Charles Dickens, for example, w a not only one of the best readers, letter writers, speakers, and actors of his time, but also a charming cove -Nationalist. Considering how accustomed he was" to take the public into his confidence, and the' immense temptations to which he must have been exposed to address himself to the " gallery," his talk was singularly natural, and when on the theme of human life, unrivalled in its interest. It is possible, how- ever, that he would not have made a favourable impression on a 5 o'clock tea party. Women, indeed, although they have a great reputation for "fighting" conversation, are terribly handicapped at it. I have known only three of the gentle six who could honestly, be placed in the firstfankof talkers ; nor is this, to be wondered at. I was once commissioned by a very lib! ral and honourable firm to" write a boy's story. It was not, at that time, in my line, as I confessed to them, but certain persuasive arguments were used, to which I yielded. ' Unhappily, after I had consented, they wrote me a precautionary letter to warn me that love, crime the stage, reflections upon things in general, the supernatural, and a long category of all the " properties" which had hitherto firmed my poor stock-in-trade must be carefully avoided. Never since the Israelites was requested to make his bricks without straw by his Egyptian master was everîmployéso put to it. I am bound to say that, though amply remunerated, that story 'did not turn out a literary success. It was avance-and indeed a " breakdown in return. I have always felt a great remorse at regards my relations with that admirable firm, but 'I also dropped a tear or two for myself. Think of "Hamlet" with not only the Prince left out of % but the ghost. My position on? that unhappy occasion seems to me similar to that of a woman in conversation. Almost everything that is really "interesting is tabooed to her. In that best circles" (which, thank Heaven, I rarely enter) she is said to talk politics. I shall now go to my grave without hearing her discourse upon that topic, but it will find no terror to death. Yet, except politics how limited, as compared with man's view, are the topics of talk open to her. " Heal the ladies how they walk, pittle, pattle, pittle pattle; hear the ladies, how they talk, Tittle Tattle, 'tittle 'cattle," 'writes- a' poet who treated ' them as infamously in real life was in his verse ; but how are they to help it 1 - Suppose three- fourths., of the subjection which that savage cynics discoursed to His trembling audience in the coffee-house had been denied to him, of what reputation as a father would have survived him I am no such book, I hope, as not to to have felt the charm of woman's wit and gentleness and refinement; but from the very nature of things woman is unable to 15-9 speak with man with the openness that "-'f men use with one another. The most interesting subject in the world that of human nature, is to a great extent debarred is from them, and religion , is a matter their reverent natures, shrink s, from a discussing. There is a cynical. saying that women are not worth looking at after 40, or worth talking to before, ; buttes regards freedom of conversation (a phrase I am not using I need not say, units coarser sense), a woman is generally much older than that before she uses iii with mankind. Indeed, the most delightful female talkers!, have ever known have been old women who have mixed up with the world and whose sympathetic nature has attracted' the confidence of both sexes. " A young man wlicfhW the intelligence to understand them and tries grace to perceive the compliment they pay him will prize such talk, and justly, above all others ' ' J The raconteur is often described. a con- sensationalist, which, however, he either may be or may not be. The man who is alvfjgstaying, "That reminds me of an anecdote," and proceeds to tell it; is gene rally one to be avoided. But a story that is short and well told and I proposals always welcome, and though not the salt of conversation, seasons it very agreeably. I have known excellent takers. of the kind, and when they have been good listeners,, they were, to use an old-fashioned term, the best of "company;'' but it is a drawback to many of these story-tellers that they are inclined to monologue. Excited,. by41ap house, they endeavour to cap their own anecdote (a most unnatural proceeding) by another, perhaps a very inferior one. Indeed, it is quite amazing how often even a \ will ' practised raconteur is destitute of the sense of proportion, and does not understand the ^ difference between what is moderately and what is very good. The true j conversa- tionalist possesses this sense in perfection. He is as delicate and sagacious in; the manner in which he handles those with whom he is brought into i contact as in his own behaviour. He per- suade the diffident, if j they , are worth hearing, to speak of " their own subjects ; he dexterously stops the bore; he imperceptibly steels the bark of conversation from the shallow and the rapid, from the froth of small talk, and from the breakers of argument. Yet no one knows that he is the pilot. The gift, no doubt, is born with him, and, like most other natural gifts, can be improved by practice far more than is generally imagined. On the other hand it can be almost utterly lost through disuse. An Ariel can never? of course, become a Caliban ; but I have known more than one bright spirit, through dull surroundings, to lower to the common level, till at last it has seemed to " sympathise with clay." So far as I am concerned, alas, they might all be clay- or dust. ' ! *' To some people it may seem a small thing to know that they shall never again hear a bird sing or even a cuckoo clock strike ; or to lose the conversation of their friends. But to me the reflection is a Very sad one. People who, like the old Marquis of Anglesea after Waterloo, have one, leg in the grave," can get on very well with a cork or even a wooden one but it is not so when one's ears are there. I am thankful to say I never was a great play-goers, or I, should feel another of the few pleasures left to those of my time of life cut; off. If I want to' see a play now (and how appropriate, alas ! is that word see!) I must have a seat next the orchestra, so that my companion is made almost as deaf as myself. Even then, in five cases out of six, when the house is " convulsed" I cannot for the life of me understand what it is laugh- ing about. People seem to be made to laugh much more easily than they used to be. Some in the same unhappy position as myself insist upon it that it is "'mere' buffoonery" that tickles them so, but I am not so sure of that Heaven knows I do not grudge them their mirth. But it is sad to have to ask my patient sweet companion what had been ! said, and while she is telling me, to the great discontent of my neighbour, we lose the next speech and perhaps the thread of the play. A deaf man is always one speech at least behind the rest of the world and to me, at least, it makes a great difference. Let us hope we get our bearing back, with all other good things we miss in heaven. By-the-bye I wonder who has got my hearing is, Force of any kind, men of science tell us, is never lost, but must needs go somewhere -or other. I hope whosoever has my hearing will have the same opportunities and make as good use of it as I did. "What bright and genial utterances, what assurances of love and friendship, what, wit and wisdom, have entered at those once open doors? I have stored and garnered much of the treasure of talk that has been lavished upon me. I have listened to speech that has been better than "silver," and compared with which the silence that has befallen me is far indeed from "golden, and now that I shall never hear it more, how inestimable it seems ! As the man who has lost his sight pictures with the mental eyes that are still left to him " the pleasant fields and farms, the sea smile," and the "well-remembered faces of his dear ones, so I conjure up, with the same tender sense of loss and melancholy joy, the conversation of my friends. Though depressed myself however"," I have no wish to depress others. I have always been for the smile against the sigh, and do not grudge the world what they may fi. d jocose in my calamity. Unlike the blind, the deaf have ever been a subject of mirth to their fellow-creatures, just as the gout (to those who haven't got it is a matter of never-failing jest. The latest humorous anecdotes connected with my little i drawback have been _ kindly written out for me by a friend. In a company conversing of the Indian (Mutiny, someone said of a rebel who fell into the hands of the British, " He had but a shot shrift.." " What did that matter," observed a deaf gentleman contemptuously, in so warm a climate" A gentleman averse to lavishness, and hard of hearing, but not quite so hard, it was whispered, as he sometimes pretended to be, was applied to by a friend for a loan. " Will you lend me half-a-sovereign T " What T " Will you lend me a sovereign ?" " You said, just now, half-& sovereign.' The " Speech from the Throne in Sweden is the genuine article, far different from those at other capitals. It is delivered by stalwart King Oscar himself, clad in white ermine trimmed with red and gold, wearing a crown of gold upon his head and bearing a jewelled Sceptre in his hand. He has a fine voice, and a a graceful and eloquent orator. The Panama Railroad authorities have been obliged to further modify the running of the regular daily trains, owing to the enormous decrease in local traffic since the suspension of canal work 