[ SCKATCH1NGS IN THE CITY. I (That every line which written here maj- he Go t.o its marl; straight and unerringly; Thai- every laugh be clean «.ud fairly bought; 1 eondennmtic>i> never CO unsought: J ^p. * CQ^i or thrust or lead approving clieer« j Aim may be honest, thougat ana purpose dear. J Miss Ton Finkelstein, whose lectures upon Ithe Holy Land were, owing chiefly to the wonderful tact of her ageot, Mr. P. 8, (Smythe, such extraordinary financial successes -Mis9 Ton Finkelstein sends to the Register i of Friday a gushing letter in which, after | announcing Iter start upon the return to 1 Jerusalem, she thanks the people of the | colonies for their manifold kindnesses to her I during her tour. Her effusive language takes an almost hysterical, and aa altogether pious, tone which is doubtless very useful and possibly Tery commendable. This sort of sentiment "goes down" with folks, and as the acute lady states that she is coming baek to lect ure again she has scored a good point by attaching the business wheelbarrow to the religious go-cart. I notice, however, one important omission from the letter. When she was in Adelaide it was announced that after visiting the other colonies she -would return here and deliver a discourse on behalf of the city charities. Since she appeared upon the local plat forms she has probably received thousands of pounds from her lectures under the management of the unconquerable Smythe. and now we want to know-What about the promised assistance to our charities? Keli ious gush is very good, but a great lot of ifc is necessary to make our paupers' bodies plump and their hearts cheery. Bother sentiment, when" siller" is needed. More people than Miss Yon Finkelstein do j not, always perform their vows or tho pro- | wises of their agents. Visiting a Victorian { town the other day I was assured that the .Saltation Army Sand shows no compunction in playing under engagement to the pro moters of secular entertainments and of travelling showmen, though their officers at tho same time in the local barracks denounce the entertainments to which the music is attracting the people as eo many devices of the devil to push the sinner faster along tho road to the place whose fires no coal strikes can quench. Ay, and whilst wo are dwelling upon the wholesome topic of consistency, shall I be deemed guilty of " the unpardonable sin " if I tremblingly enquire in the most delicate manner in the world why our own locally born Minister of Education, Mr. J. C. F. Johnson, thought it just to have printed in Melbourne a book of Christmas stories which were issued to gladden the heart and correct the bilious temperament of the festive diners ? When Jfamaan, the leper, was advised to take the water euro in the Eirer Jordan, he en quired, as the first good Protectionist men tioned in the Bible, whether the waters of his own native rivers would uot do ? But Mr. Johnson, of all men, reverses the position Mr. Johnson, who was one of the foremost of allthe advocates of Protection and the damners of the Freetraders ? Perhaps, of course his publisher gave the order to the printers' and perhaps Mr. Johnson may not have had anything to do with it, but as the matter looks at present one wants to know whether the printers of Adelaide are not as good as the printers of any other place ? Ti»e book itself, by the by, is verv enter taining, and shows that Mr. Johnson lias not neglected his old and well worn pen whilst using his brain in helping to direct the com paratively less important affairs of the Govern ment. His stories have a well-sounding Aus tralian ring, and they are very appropriate to the time for which they were written. There is, moreover, a singular apparition upon the front cover. Thereon a picture represents skeleton with a sardonic grin upon his face and a pipe between his fleshless jawbones, swinging a shovel in the act of hitting upon his most substantial part a digger who is stooping down to look into a hole. I never before knew a ghost to take so mean an advantage of a person. Sir John Downer is so much annoyed at the exclusion of the Hon. James Martiu from the Barossa Water Commission that he has resigned ,and his resignation has been accepted. This episode will form one item next Juno in tlie indictment against the Government, but j Sir John Downer has lost the cliance of making much capital out of it by imputin<* unfairness to the other Commissioners, of whom he has consequently created enemies in politics. This is the paragraph which causes these gentlemen to smart:-" As my sugges tions in respect to the Commission have been disregarded, and as far as I am aware not one of the Commissioners appoint-ed except mvself is favorably disposed cowards the scheme, while five of their number have expressed their antagonism to if, it appears to me that in col lecting and taking evidence in support of my motion the whole of the work would be thrown upon myself with the fair probability j that no assistance whatever wilt be afforded 1 me by my colleagues. " I have no doubt that in its own good time the Barossa. water scheme will deve lop into the Barossu waterworks ; and nobody has ever suggested that t?ie honour of proposing it is not due to the Hon. James Martiu, who, in addition to being the father of Gawler, is one of the etraightest and best of men, pub. licly as well as privately. The friends of the Ministry, however, say that if Mr. Martin had been appointed the tongues of prejudiced people would have wagged to the serious prejudicing of the chances of tho scheme which he has so earnestly advocat ed. Already some narrow-minded folk have euceringly rc markod " Of course Martin is anxious to get the concern going because ifc will mean a large order of pipes from his Gawler foundry, and [ because it will hugely increase the value of his I property." That is grossly unfair. Mr. Martin is already so rich with wealth earned entirely by his own industry that he has no need to trouble further about orders for pipes or for anything else ? a' d besides, the Martin foundry at Gawler is now a, joint-stoik business. To anyone who knows Mr. Martin the suggestion of self-interest ,8 ridiculous. There is, however, just a little question | whether, since people will be uncharitable, . it was not well in the best interests of the I scheme itself to leave JMr. Martin off the 1 Commission. _ . j One of the milder sensations of the dav is J aroused by the fact that the 'Hon. G. W. Cotton, "the perpetual-motion newspaper j letter-writer," has actually piislislied ifi One ©f the dailies a note occupying only about' half-a-dozen lines. I read tbis short epistle several times and eevciul whjb, but - was utterly unable to understand what it meant Then I showed it to a clever man uud a celebrated lawyer, and lie eor row fully stated that he gave it up. Now I see a corres pocdent writes ft shorter letter to ask Mr. Cotton to explain what is the meaning of his mysterious communication. If you cannot read Mr. Cotton when he is long, and if you cannot understand Mr. Cotton when be is short, Mr. Cotton had better give his pen a holiday! That would be joyful. There is little need for his average letters whilst the papers can supply wool sale reports as sub stitutes ? The members of Parliament who represent the farmers who ask the Government for seed wheat, are calling a meeting of their fellow members to the end that they may represent to the Ministry the wisdom of helping the seed wheat supply from the State treasury. Some oilier people are suggesting that a public subscription should be raised, because if the State once lays down the principle that farmers asto bo helped by the Government when they make business losses, every other class in the community will be entitled to help &s; well. If a baker finds that he has not sufficient customers or that a storm blows his shop down the Ministry must without any objection rebuild the shop for him, or guarantee hitn enough customers to ensure a profit for liim. By and by, wiil not somebody be asking the Premier to gratuitously board-and- lodge everybody ? When the last seed wheat fund was raised the recipients promised to return the loan, but I have never heard of a single bushel being received. I have been lold, how ever, that quite a number of men got seed wheat who did not want it, and that one at least even sold his portion and pockelcd the money. There ought to be in South Australia a more extensive circulation of Smiles's ex cellent books upon "Self-help" and "Thrift." ; 