"FOLLOW .1E, MR. CATESBT, OR WE ARE DEAD ME.!' - 'I n lfnln++n I oe&wit; r 1df !:i: i .,.;:4 J L. ..tJ'. i1.,. La Inlette, ANNO tSI4 ITr . CTAIRK RUSSELL. 1 couldn't have guessed. what weight thLre was in this ocean swell till I felt the vohme of it from the low seat of the ship's qirter-l.sat. ThO Rtby look"l to lie roUllihg ~ it ins hiavrly ~1ati as she tt isme A inv ie bIc * hen I was on her tlck. and tll bkat tt her canvas against the i.st ial? in volleys through the air ic l sfl explosion of batteries up there. wTh iwreck came and went as we sank and Iin-d, and I caught the second mate eye inm her somewhat anxiously as though tlhtrizing to himself upon the safest dL-dge to bord lher. She was further off than I should have deemed possible, so *lirlptive is distance at sea, and though the live seanen pulled cheerily the job of Lin-tnrinq tli Tvf,,ri-»l hetthisn thq t*l rrit. what with the vulumninos i1iVe o lt the swell running at it., and what with the roasting s'iil?ihO that lay like a sense if paratrsis in the backbone, proved very tediti to my impatience to come at the hdk and explore her. As we swept rund under her stern, supposing that her starboard side would b clear of wreckage, I glantn at the Ruby and saw that thUi WIer clewing up her royals, and hauhlig down her flying jib with hands on the crossjack-yard rolling the sail up. There were spars and a litter of trailing gear on either side the hulk; every roll was a spiteful snapping at the ropes wiith a drag of the floating sticks which lt"me times made the watar !fti.; "\ We iB~St board her astern," said the hate, "and stand by for a handsome dip bf the counter." Our approach was very cautious; in deed it was necessary to manoeurre very gingerly indeed. We got on to the quarter and watching his chance the bow oarsman cleverly sprang through the crushed rail as the deck buoyantly swang down to the heave of the boat carrying the end of the painter with him; the miate followed, and I after a tolerably long interval, wanting perhaps the nerve and certainly the practised limbs of the sailors. In truth I may as well say here that I should have stuck to the boat and waited for the mate's report but for the dislike of being laughed at when I returned. I very well knew I should not be spared, least of all by those amongst the passengers who would have forfeited fifty pounds rather than have quitted the ship. The Ihll had a desperately wrecked lok inboards with the mess of ropes, staves, jagged ends, crushed rails, rents manifesting the fury of the hurricane. I swept a glance along in expectation of beholding a dead body, or, if you will, some scarcely living though yet breathing man; but nothing of the kind was to be seen. The mate hung his head over the companion hatch from which the cover had been clean razed and peered down, then shouted and listened. But no other sound followed than the long moan and huge washing sob of the swell brimmsing to the wash-streak with a dim sort of choking gurgling noise as of water stream in" from side to side in the hold. " ardly worth while exploring those moist Iowels, 1 think, sir," said the imate. "Oh, yes," said 1, "if we don't take a peep under deck what will there le to tell This is a quest of the ladies' making, remember, and it must be a complete thing, or 'stand by,' as you sailors say." " Right you are, sir," said he, " and so here goes," and with that he put his foot Ipon the companion-ladder and dropped into the cabin. I followed at his heels, and both of us came to a stand at the bottom of the steps whilst we stared round. There was plenty ,f light to see by streaming down through the skylight aperture and the hatch. The cabin was a plain snuff-coloured room, with a few sleeping-berths running for ward, a rughl table somewhat hacked and cut about as if with the slicing of tobacco, a row of lockers on either hand, a stand of firearms right aft, and some twenty cutlasses curiously stowed in a sort of ,rackets under the ceiling or upper deck. Hot as it was above, the cabin struck chill as though it were an old well. In deed, you saw that it had been soused over and over again by the seas which had swept the vessel, and there was a briny, seaweedy flavour in the atmosphere of it tlhat made you think of a cave deep down in a sca-fronting cliff. We looked into the sleeping-births, going forward to where a movable bulkheadu stopped the road. It was not easy to walk; the in creasing weight of the swell was defined byy the heavy, though comparatively buoyant, rolling of the hull. The deck went in s'opes like the roof of a house from side to side, with now and again an ugly jerk that more than once clame near to throwing me, when a sudden yawn forced the dismasted fabric into a swift recovery. "There's nobody aft here, anyway, raid the mate; "no use troubling our selves to look for her papers, I think, ." No; but this is only one end of thi ship," I answered. "There may be . discovery to make forward. Can't we unasip that bulkhead there, and so get into the 'tween-decks ?" We laid hold of tie frame, and aftel peering it bit, 1A! this pLar of the cabli 1 lay ill gloom, we found that it stood in I grwvcs, and without much trouble we I alided it open, and the interior, to as far as a bulkhead that walled off a bit of i forecastle, lay clear before us in the day- I light shining through the main hatch. i Here were a numbor of hammocks I danglin6 from the deck, and some score I or more of seamen's chests and Iags in 1 heaps. some of them split open, with j quantities of rough wearing apparel t scattered about, insomuch that I never t could have imagined a scene of wilder i disorder, nor one more suggestive of i hurry, and panical consternation, and t delirious headlong behaviour. "Nobody here, sir," said tho mate. "No," I answered, "I suppose her 1 people left her in their boats, and that a one of the wretches who were forced to ,emain behind wrote the letter we re teired thi other night." ' \- At a. sLa. sa t nata .. i-o -- fn 1W iniblniung now matiters conic aIut."I allowt that the three men hayv been taken a off by. some passing vessel. Anyway we've done our bit, and the capt'n, I i expect, 'l be waiting for use Thunder! i how she rolls," lie cried, as a very heavy ihuch sent us both reeling towards the side E of the craft. " Hark! " cried I, "we are hailed from the deck." "Below there!" shouted a voice in the i companion-hatch. " They've fired a guil aboard the Indiaman, sir, ahd hate tun the ensign up half-masted. Thl wdather looks inighty iqeer, sir." 't Ha!" cried the mate, "come along, Mr. Catesby." We walked cautiously and with diffi culty aft, gained the companion-ladder and ascended. My instant glance went to the Ruby. She had furled her main sail and fore and niizen top-gallant sails, hauled down her lighter staystails and big standing jib, and as I glanced at her a gun winked in a quarter-deck port, and the small thunder of it rolled sulkily up against the wind. Int fact, whilst we were below, the breeze had chopped clean round, and the Ruby was to leeward of the wreck, with a very heavy swell rolling along its former course, the wind dead the other way, beginning to whiten the ridges on each hue round- backed fold, abd a white thickness-a flying squall of vapour it looked to me, with a seething and creaming line of water along the base of it as though it was something solid that was coming along-sweeping within half-a-mile of the wreck right down upon us. The mate sent a look at it and uttered a cry. "Haul the boat alongside." he shouted to the fellow in her; "handsomely now, lads. Stand by to jump into her," he cried to the seaman who had been the first to spring on board the wreck with the end of the line. They brought the boat humming and buzzing to the counter; the sailor stand ing on the taffrail plumped into her like a cannon-shot; 'twas wonderful he didn't scuttle her. The mate whipping the painter off the pin, or whatever it was that it had been belayed to, held it by a turn whilst lie bawled to me to watcll my chance and jump. But the wreck lying dead in the trough was rolling in a quite frenzied way, like a sce-saw desperately worked. lHer movements, comlbined witl the soaring and falling of the teat, were absolutely confounding. I would gather myself together for a spring, and then, before I could maike it, theI boat was sliding, as it might sCcim t, me, twenty or thirty feet deep and "Jump, for God's sake, sir," cried the mate. "I don't mean to break my neck," I answered, irritablle with the nervous flurry tliht had come to me with a sudden aboimintable sense of incapacity and help lessness. As I spoke the words, sweep 1 came the white smother off the sea over us with a spitefull yell of wind of a weight that smote the check a blow which might have forced the strongest to turn his back. The hissing, and seething, and crackling of the spume of the first of tile squall was all about us in a breath, and in the beat of a heart too the Ioby and the ocuan all lher way vanished in the wild and terrifying eclipse of the tlick, silvery, howling, steam-like mtist. "By- , I have ldone it now!" cried the mate. The end of the painter had been dragged fro?n his h:and or lie lad let it fall ! And the wind catching the boat blew her over tile swell like the shadow of a cloud. The seamenl tlrew their oars over and lheaded for us, their faces pale as those of mladlmen. "They'll never stem this weather," cried the mate, " follow me, Mr. Catesby, or we are dead Imen ! He tore off his coat, kicked off his boots and went o\ erboard witlout another word. Follow him ! To the bottom, indeed! but nowhere else, for I could not swim a Sstroke. But that was not quite it. Had 1 lhad my senses I might have grasped the first piece of wreckage I could put i my hand upon and gone after him witl Sit to paddle and hlold on till I was Spicked up. But all this busines coming Supoi us so -suddenly, along with the sudden blinding of mie by the vapour, the distracting yelling of the wind and he sickening bewilderment taiised by ' be wreck's violent rolling, seemed to " Lave driven all my wita clear out of my lead. The boat was scarcely more than smudge in the thickness, vanishing and bhoing as she swept up and rushed g lown the liquid acclivities, held with her l1 ow towardns the hulk by the desperately- 0 lied oars of the rowers. The mate was ? mrne down rapidlytowards her. I couhld t ust see three of the sailors leaning over he side to drag him out of the water; d lo next instant the little fabric had n anished in the thickness, helplessly and li rith horrible rapidity blown out of sight C ho moment the men ceased rowing to c escue their officer. 0 I do not know how long all this may ave occupied; a few minutes maybe utfliced for the whole of the trageic assage,. I stood storing and staring, icredulous of the truth of what had be- .t allen me, and then with an inexpressible 0 ;ifPffile'°tedKlTatute'r fea -le "or'fs lure a pace of bulwark, too dizzy and weak a ritl the horror that possessed me to ' aiintain my footing on that wildly sway- Il ag platfonrm. had met in my travels with but one pcecimen of such weather as this, it was if the Cape of Good Hope to the west- 1 card; the ship was under topmast and a opgallant studdingsails, when without an nterval of so much as tstenty seconds of ali she was taken right aback by a rind that came with the temper of half a iale in it, whilst as if by magic a fog rhite and dense as wool was boiling and bricking all about her. For some time my consternation was so ieavy that I sat mechanically staring into hat part of the thickness where the boat tad disappeared, without giving the least ieed to the sea or to the wreck.. It was tIen blowing in earnest, the ocean still lensely shrouded with fly;ng vapour, and un ugly bit of a sea racing over the swell that rolled its volumes to windward. A nmart shock and fall of water on to the forecastle startled me into sudden percep tion of a real and imminent da'ger. The fore scuttle was closed, but the main and companion hatchways yawned opened to the weather; there were no bulwarks worth talking of to increase the wreck's height of side, and to hinder the free tumbling of the surge on to the decks, so if the wind increased and the sea grew heavier, the hulk must inevitably fill and go down like a thunderbolt ! It would be idle to try to express the thoughts which filled mle. I was like one stutnned : now casting an eye at the sea to observe if the billows were increasing, now with a heart of lead watching the water frothing upon the deck, as the hull heaved from one side to another; then straining my sight with a mad passion of eagerness into the vapour that shut off all view of the ocean to within a cable's length of me. There was nothing to be done. Even could I have met with tar paulins, there was no sailor's skill in me to sprea:d and secure tlheml over the open hatches. H?wevr, when an hour had passed in this way, I took notice of a small failure in the wind, though there was no liglltening of the impenetrablle mist. The folds of the swell had diminished, andl the sea was running steadily; tile hull with her broadside dead on lose and fell with regularity, and though at long intervals the surge struck her bow, and blew in crystals over the Iead, or fell in scores of bucketfulls upon the deck, nothing more than spray wetted the after part of her. It was now about six o'clock in the even ing. In two Iours' time the night would have come down, and if the weather did not clear, tile blackness would be that of tile tomb. What would the hIltb, do ? Remain hove-to, and wait for moonlight or for daybreak to seek for me ? A frag mellnt of comfort I found in remlembering thalt the wreck's position would be known to Captain Bo1w and his mates, so that their search for llo, if they searched at all, ought not to prove fruitless; though to be sure much would depend upon the drift of the hulk. Presently, fearing that there llight be no water or provisions on to srd, I was seized with a sudden thirst, bred by the mlere apprehension that I might come to want a drink. There was still light enough to enable me to search the interior, and now I suppose something of lily llanhood llust have returned to leo, for 1 made up my mind to waste no mo ment of the precious remaining time of day in imaginations of horror and of death andi in dreams of desperate despondency. I went on my hands and knees to the hatch, lest if I stood up I should be knocked down by the abrupt rolling of tie craft, and entered the cabin. On deck all was naked and sea swept from the taffrail to t1he "eyes," and if there were ought of drink or of food to be had it Ilust he sought below. I recollected that one of tle forward berths or cabins which the second mato and I had looked into had shown in the gloom as a sort of pantry ; that is to say, ill peering over my companion's shoulders, 1 had caught a glimpse of crockery on shelves, the out lines of jars, and so'fortih. But the in spection had been very swift, scarce more than a glance. 1 made for this cabin now, very well remembering that it swas the last of a row of three or four on the star board side. I olpened the 0door, and secured it by its hook to the bullkhead that I might see, and after rummaging a little I'found a cask of ship's breadl, a small cask (like aharness cask) a quarter full of raw pickled pork, a jar of vinegar, two largo jars of red wine, and, best of all, a small barrel about half full of fresh water, slung against the bulkhead, with a little wooden tap fixed in it, for the con vniencee as I supposed of drawing for cabin use. There were other articles of 1 of food such as flour, pickles, dried fruit, and so oh ; the catalogue would be tedious, i nor does my memory carry them. 1 I poured some wine into a tin pannikin, and found it very palatable, sound claret. I I mixed me a draught with cold water, and I ate a biscuit with a little slice of some kind of salt sausage, of which there lay a lump c in a dish, and found myself extraordinarily 1 refreshed. I cannot tell you indeed how comforted I was by this discovery of pro- 1 visions and fresh water, for now I guessed i that if the weather did not drown the wreck, I might be able to support life on I board of her until the Ruby took ime off, which I counted upon happening that c night if the moon shone, or most certainly next morning at latest. My heart how- I ever sank afresh when I regained the deck. F The sudden change from the life, the cheerfulness, the security of the Indianman, I to this-" oh, my God! my God !" I re- t member exclaiming as I sank down under I tihe lee of the fragnent of bulwark, with t a wild look around into the thickness and f along the spray-darkened planks of the heaving and groaning derelict. The lone liness of it ! no sounds saving the dismal t crying of tihe wind sweeping on high s through the atmosphere, and thle ceaseless t seething and hissing of the dark green I frothing seas, swiftly chasing one another t out of sight past tile wall of vapour that ml circled the wreck, with the blank and t blinding mist itself to tighten as with a I sensible ligature into unbearable concen- I tration the dreadful senuse of solitude in a my soul. Slowly the wind softened down, very 1 gradually the seas sank, and their worrying a note of snarling melted into a gentler tone a of fountain-like creamingi . But the vapour q still filled the air, and so thick did it hang a that, though by my watch I knew it to be a the hour of sundown, I was unable to c detect the least tinge of hectic anywhere, g no faintest revelation of the fiery scarlet z light which I knew must be sulfusilng the p clear leavelns down to the easternuost a confines above this maddening blindness o of mist. i Then came the blackness of the night. I So unspeakably deep a dye it was that o you would have thought every luminary b above had been extinguished, and that a the earth hung motionless in the sunless r opacity of chaos out of which it had been called into being. The hours passed. I n against a bulwarR sual,.Xu.,rh lmy back a warm night with a lcharacter as ot rnl r heat of steam owitig to tile moisture that I loaded and thickened the atmosphere. I Sometimes I dozed, repeatedly starting from a snatch of uneasy slumber to open I my eyes with ever recurring horror and n astonislument ulpon the blackness. Gleams I of the sea-fire shot out fitfully at times t from the sides of the wreck, and there I was nothing else for the sight to rest upon. At midnight it was blowing a 1 small breeze of wind and the sea running I gently-at miduight 1 mcean as I could best reckon; but the darkness remained unchanged, and I might know that the 1 fog was still thick about me by no dim meat spectre of moon or star showing. I then slept, and soundly too, for two " I LIFTED TIIE HALF OF THE LID AND WAS GIEATLY ASTONISHED DY TE SIGIIIT OF A QUAS.TITY OF OLD PIEC(ES." or three hours, and when I awoke it was daylight, the sea clear to the horizon, the sky a soft liquid, blue with masses of white vaporous cloud hanging under it like giant bursts of steam, and the sun shining with a sort of misty splendour some degree or two above the sea-line. There was a pleasant air blowing out of the north, with power to wrinkle the water and no more. My limbs were so cramped that for a long while I was incapable of rising; when at last my legs had recovered their power I stood erect and swept the ocean with my eyes. But the light blue surface went in undulations naked to the bend of the heavens on all sides. I looked and looked again, but to no purpose. I strained my sight till an intolerable torment in my eycballs forced me to close my lids. There was nothing in view. I very well remember falling on my knees and grovelling upon the deck in the anguish of my spirit. I had so surely counted on daylight exhibiting the Ruby somewhere within the circle which enclosed me that the disappoint ment that came out of the bald vacancy of the ocean struck me down like a blow from a hammer. Presently I lifted up my head and regained my feet, and feel ing thirsty moved with a tread of lead to the yawning hatch, sending the most passionate yearning glances seaward as I walked, and halting again and again to the vision of some imagination of break in the continuity of the gleaming girdle some delicate shoulder of remote cloud, some imaginary speck which dissolved upon the blue air whilst my gaze was on it. I mixed some wine and water, and made a light repast off some biscuit and a piece of Dutch cheese that was on the shelf. I then thought I would look' into the cabihs for a chair to sit upon on deck, for a mattross to lie upon, for something also that might make me a little awning, and pushed open the door of the berth immediately facing the pantry as I may call it. The wreck was rolling very lightly, and her decks were now as easy of stepping as the Indiaman's. This berth contained a bunk and bedding, a sailor's chest, some clothes hanging against the bulkhead, but nothing to serve my turn. The next was similarly furnished saving that here I took notice that a small quantity of wearing apparel lay about as though scattered in a hurry, and that the lid of a great box painted a dark green with the letter D in white upon it had been split open as though the contents were to be rilled, or as though the lock had resisted and there had been no time to coax it save by a chopper. I passed into a third cabin. This had some comfort of equiplment in the shape of shelves and a chest of drawers, and had doubtless been the commnander's. There as a very handsome telescope on brackets, a few books, a quadrant, a large silver timepiece, a small compass and one or two other matters of a like sort upon a little table fitted by hinges in a corner, there were three chests in a row with ai litter of boots and shoes, a soft hat or two, a large haudsome cloak costly with fur, and so forth, strewed about the deck. I was looking with some wonder at these articles when my eye was taken by something bright near the smallest of the three chests. I picked it up; it was an English sovereign. Others lay about as though a handful had been clutched and dropped- here being the same manifesta tions of terrified hurry as, it seemed to mie, I witnessed in the other cabins. The lid of the small chest was split in halves, and the chopper that had seemingly been wiclded rested against the side of the box. A massive padlock was still in the staples. I lifted the half of the lid and was greatly astonished by the sight of a quantity of gold pieces lying- in divisions of ai tray that fitted the upper part of the chest. Each division contained coins of various nations. They were all gold pieces-English, Portuguese, Bra zilian and coins of the United States. I prized open the padlock part of the lid and seized the tray to lift it that I might observe what lay underneathl. But the weight of gold in it was so great that I had to exert my utmost strength to raise one end of the tray on to the edge of the box; which done, I was able to slide it along till the bottom of the box was revealed. The sight of the gold had filled me with expectations of beholding some amazing treasure under the tray. What call' ^sIe? Mas he I lw#n n " , i. I grasped a lump, and, thoig sian2 never seen gold in that form before, I was satisfied, by the extraordinary weight of the piece I held, that all those coarse, rough, dull-coloured bricks were of the most precious of metals. I slided the tray back to its place and let fall the two halves of the lid, with another look around me for any article that might be useful to msi on deck. The excite mnent kindled by the spectacle of the gold rapidly died away. I dully mused on it, so to speak, whilst my eye roamed, languidly speculating about it, with a strange indifferenee in my thoughts, con eluding that it represented thue privateers man's sorted plunder; that in all likeli hood, when the rush had been made to the boats, one or more had split open this chest to fill their pockets, but had been obliged to fly for their lives ere they could fina time for more than a scrambling clutch at the tray. But it was the con tents, no doubt, of this chest-if, indeed, this chest held all the treasure of the buccaneer-- that was indicated by the writer of the letter in the concluding line of it, the closing words of which had been found illegible by the young fellow who translated the missive. I put the telescope under my arm and passed into the cabin, and found a small chair near the arms-rack, and near it, upon the deck, lay a great cotton um brella, grimy and wet with the saturation of the cabin. I took it up thankfully, and carried it with the chair up the steps. There was a great plenty of ropes-ends knocking about. I cuta piece and unlaid the strands, and, securing the umbrella to a stanchion, sat down on the chair under it; and, indeed, without some such shelter the dleek would have been insup portable, for, low as the sun still was in the e:ast, his fires were already roasting, and I well knew what sort of tempera ture was to be expected as lihe floated higher, leaving my forns with a small blotch of southern shadow only attached to it. I passed the morning in sweeping the horizon with the telescope. It was a noble glass-a piece of plunder, with an inscription that represented it as a gift from the officers of a vessel to her com mander; I forget the names, but recollect they were English. The placidity of the day dreadfully disheartened me. There was but little weight in the languid air to heave the Ruby or any other vessel into view. The sea qnder the sun was like brand new tin for the dazzle of it, and as the morning advanced the heavy vapousous clouds of daybreak melted out into curls and wisps like to the crescent moon, with a clear sky rising a pale blue from the horizon to overhead to where it swam into the brassy glory which flooded the central heavens. Weary of sitting and exhausted by looking, I put down the glass and went to the main hatch with the idea of making out what water there was in the hold. The pumps were gone, and the wells of them sank like black shafts under tlhe deck. But whatever there was of water in the hulk lay so low that I could not catch so much as a gleam of it. There was some light cargo in the hold- light, as I reckoned by the sit of the wreck upon the water chiefly white wooden cases, with here and there canvas bales; but whatever might have been the commodities, there was not much of them, at least amidships, down into which I stood peering. I then walked on to the forecastle and lifted tile hatch-cover. This interior looked to have been used by the people of Lua aldette as a sort of sail-locker. The bulkhead extended but a very short distance abaft the hatch, and the deck was stowed with rolls of sails, coils of spare rigging, hawsers, tackles, and so forth. I put my head into the aperture and took a long and careful survey of the interior, for the mate and I had not explored this part of tIme brig, and it was possible. I thought, I might find the bodies of the three survivors here. But there was nothing wlhtever to be wit nessed in that way ; so I closed the hatch again and went aft. The day passed, the light breeze lin gered, but it brought nothing into sight. I would think, as I sent my glance along the naked, sea-swept, desolate deck, gaunt and skeleton-like, with its ragged exlibi tion of splintered plank and crushed bulwark, that hal. there been a mast left in the hull I might from the sunmit of it be able to see the Rubj, whose top most cloths lay sunk behind the horizon to the eyes which I levelled from the low side of the wreck. "Oh!" I would cry aloud, "if I could but be sure that she was near me, though hidden!" Madden ing as the expectation might have been which the sight of her afar would have raised in me, yet the mere having her in view, no matter how dim, deceptive a speck shle proved, would have taken a deal of the bitterness, the heart-subduing feeling of hopelessness out of the wild and awful sense of desolation that pos sessed me. The sun sank ; with the telescope trem bling in my hands I made a slow, painful circle of the ocean whilst the western mag nificence lay upon it, and then let fall tlhe ýaVss and fell into tile chair, and with of thlhelic tie anguish oft-iifo imxiRml &d; despair had kindled in them-for my heart was parched, no relief of tears came to me-I waited for the darkness of a second night to settle down upon the wreck. But on this day tile gloom fell with tihe brilliance of stars, and some time after eight the moon rose, a moist, purple shield, at whose coming the light draught of wind died out and time ocean flattened into a breathless polished surface. When presently the moon had soared and whitened, the sea looked as wide again as it was to the showering of her light brimn ming the atmlosphere with a delicate silver haze; indeed there went ia shadowing round about its confines to the shaft of moonlight on the water that made it seem hollow where the wreck lay, and it was like floating in the vastness of the firma ment that bent over it to glance over the side of the hull and see the mirror-like breast studded with reflections of the larger stars, and to follow the shadow of the deep, curled at the extremities as it seemed, to the tropic astral dust that twinkled there like dew trembling to the breath of a summer night wind. I had brought up some blankets from below and these I nmde a kind of mattress of under the shelter of the umbrella. It was. about ten o'clock I think when I threow myself down upon them. A pleasant breeze was then blowing directly along the wake of moonlight, and the water was rippling like the murmurs of a fountain against the sides of the pale, silent, gently rolling hull. I lay awake for a long time listening to this cool, refreshing, tinkling sound of running ripples, with a mind somewhat weakened by my distress. In deed, many thoughts wearing a complexion of delirunm passed through my head with several phantasies which must have frightened me as a menace of madness had my wits been equal to the signilicance of thems. For example, I can recall seeing, as I believe, the ruby floating up towards the wreck out of the western gloom, luminous as a snow-clad iceberg, with the soft splendour of the moonshine on her canvas ; I recollect this, I say, and that I laughed quietly to the thought of her approach, as though I would ridicule my self for the fears which had been upon me throughout the day; then of jumping up in a sudden transport and passion of de light ; when the vision instantly vanished, whereupon a violent fit of trembling seized ume, and I sank down again upon the blankets groaning. But the agitation did not linger; some fresh deception of the brain would occur and whi my attention to it. This went on till I fell e Meanwhile the breeze contiq. steadily, and the rippling of a. along the bends was like the soun te fasl of large raindrops. .'" " I awoke, and turning my, l .sa ards the forepart of the wreck, Ieapied the figure of a man erect and mns iinidss oi the forecastle. The moon was l?cir? west; I might guess by her position that daybreak was not far off. By her red light I saw the man. I sat erect and swept a glance round; there was no ship near me, no smudge upon the gloom to indicate a vessel at a distance. Father of heaven! I thought, what is it? Could yonder shadowy form be one of the three sailors who had been left on the wreck? c Surely I had closely searched the hull ; there was nothing living aboard of her but s myself. The sweat-drops broke from my a brow as I sat motionless with my eyes fixed upon the figure that showed with an inexpressible ghostliness of outline in the c waning moonlight. On a sudden there arose another figure alongside of him, seemingly out of the hard planks of the e deck, then a third ; and there the three of ti them stood apparently gazing intently aft G at me, but without a stir in their frames, sa that I could witness. Three of them! a I rose to my feet and essayed to speak, t but could deliver no more than a whisper. .s I tried again, and this time mny voice a sounded. tI "In the name of God, who, and what t are you ?" 0 "Ha I" cried one of them. He said v something to his comnpanions, in words is which were unintelligible to me, then T approached, followed by the others, all three of them moving slowly, with a wavering gait as though giddy. e "Som drink for Christu's sake I" said a the nmal who had cried Ha ! pointing his a' finger at his mouth, and speaking in a t toine that nmade one think of his throat as tC something rough, like a file. By this 01 time it was clear to me they were no m ghosts. I imagined them negroes, so dark p their faces looked in the dim west rays hi and failing starlight. Whence they had ss sprung, in what manner they had arrived, bi I could not imagine; but it was not for at me to stand speculating about them in pi the face of the husky appeal for drink. re There was a parcel of candles in the u pantry-as I term it. I had a flint and steel in my pocket, rI and followed by the moon, I led the way below, bidding them stand a while till Is I obtained a light; and after groping , and feeling about with my hands, I el found the paper of candles, lighted one, at and then called to the men. They of ercived. ..I oointpd to the iars, savin in be to the food on the shelves. They instantly i grasped each one of them a pannikin, and Vh mixed a full draught and swallowed it, with a strange trembling sigh of relief and delight. They then fell upon the biscuit and sausage, eating like famished wolves, ., both fists full, and cranunming their mouths. TI They were not very much more distin- be guishable by the feeble light of the candle a, than on deck; however, I was able to see of they were not blacks. The man who had fe addressed me was of a deep Chinese tl yellow, with lineaments of an African t1 pattern, a wide flat nose, huge lips, eyes at like little shells of polished ebony glued c on porcelain. His hair was the negro's, a black wiry wool. He wore a short at moustache, the fibres like the teeth of a comb, and there was a tuft of black wool ti upon his chin. Small, gold earrings, a et greasy old Scotch cap, a shirt like a dun- at gareo jumper, and loose trousers thrust T into a pair of half Wellingtons, conm- ci pleted the attire of the ugliest, most ft villainous-looking creature I had ever set n eyes on. His companions were long- n haired, chocolate-browed Portuguese, or it Spaniards--Dagos as the sailors call them; n I noticed a small gold crucifix sparkling F upon the mossy breast of one of them. d Their feet were naked, indeed their attire ti consisted of no more than a pair of duck n or canvas breeches, and an open shirt, g and a cap. They continued to feed c heartily, and several times helped them- a selves to the wine, though before doing 0 so, the yellow-faced man would regularly point to the jar with a nod, as though n asking leave. L "You Englis, sah " lie exclaimed, e when he had made an end of eating. I said yes. "How long you been heior, sal ?" t I told him. He understood me per fectly, though I spoke at length, relating in fact my adventure. I then inquired who lie and his companions were, and his 1 story was to the following effect : That he e was the boatswain, and the other two e able seamen of a Portuguese ship called the Mary Joseph, bound to Singapore or to some Malay port. The vessel had been set on fire by one of the crew, an Englishman, who was skulking drunkenly below after broaching a cask of rum. i They had three boats which they hoisted c out; most of the people got away in the lung boat, six men were in the second I boat, lie and his two comsrades got into t the jolly boat. They had with them four I bottles of water, and a small bag of ship's bread, and nothing more. They parted company with the other boats in the night, and had been four days adrift, sail ing northwards by the sun as they reckoned, under a bit of a lug, and keep- I ing an eager look-out though they sighted nothing;until a little before sundown tlht evening, they spied the speck of this : wreck, and made for it, but so scant was thie wind and so rweak their arms, that it had taken them nearly all night to mnea sure the distance, whichl would be a few miles only. They got their boot under the bow-she was lying there now, he said-and stepped on board one after the other. This explained to me their appari tion. Of course I had not seen thle boat or heard her as she approached, and to ime lying aft, the three mien rising over the bows looked as though like ghostly essences they had slhaped themselves oni the forecastle out through the solid ilanlik. I addressed thie others, but the yellow Iman told mno that their language was a j:argon of saSe Portuguese, of lhich I shiuldl be able to understanld mno more than here and there a word, even though I Ihadl been bredl and educated in Lisbon. "We mesh see to dahl boat," he ex claimed, and spoke to his mates, ap parently to that effect. (To be contilnued.) WsosSOErEsR would be sustainedl by the handl of God, let Ihim constantly leian upon Sit; whosoerovr: would be defnlced sI it, let r him pri: ini repose himself under it.. EvEnrTHI?to yieldsbefore the strong and r earnest will. It grows by exercise. Dilli Sculties before which mere cleverness fails, .o and which leave the irresolute prostrate P and helpless, vanish away before it. NONE are SO fond of secrets as those who 1 do not mean to keep them; such persons d covet secrets as spendthlrifts covet money, ae for the purpose of circulation, 