THE ROMANCE OF AN OLD BEDSTEAD. Not half a dozen people in the woria know the history of the handsome old carved mahogany bed that stands in the corner of my best room. I am not superstitious; but in all the years that I have owned it have never once slept within it. When I ptit guests there 1 am always distinctly conscious of a feeling of relief when they appear fresh and smiling the next morning and return a negative answer to my inevitable question: " You were not disturbed by anything 1" Yet I would not part with it for anything in tbe world. It is like an old friend in whose face I see reflected bits of my own history. My house is as lonely and quist as only an old bachelor's quartets can be where few gUests ever come to break the heavy solitude. There are hours and hours when the only sound is Titine,- my old quadroon housekeeper, moviDg about from room to room with noiseless footstep, or the soft swish of the orange boughs without, rubbing against the window pane. At such times I love to slip up to the quiet room above, and throwing open the shutters so the light falls full upon it, sit down beside the bed and relieve my life. Huge and dark and sombre the bed looms up in its corner like the catafalque of a dead king. The tester, supported on four great posts almost as thick as a man's thigh, nearly touches the ceiling. There are metallic gleams at the corners where great brass screws are set through plates ot brass mortised into the wood. Headboard and footboard are made of two winged griffins carved out of the solid board; but the curious feature of the whole is that wound round and round each post of the bed, on rail and tester; winding in and out of the fantastic scrolls and arabesques of the head and footboard is carved a chain, loop upon loop, that ends in a broken link. It is a strange and apparently meaningless design, but to old Titine and to me, carved deep in the wood, bound fast in the links of the chain, is the history and tragedy of both our lives. Many years before I was born, my aunt, from whom I inherited the bed, married a gay young fellow, handsome, frivolous, fond of all beautiful things, a dilettante in music and painting and wood- carving. Among the slaves who were part of my aunt's dowry was a man, a quadroon, who had been apprenticed GO a cabinet maker and who had great talent for wood-carving. Into souls bowed down by slavery God sometimes breathed the power of genius. They were untaught, but it burst forth in paeans of song, such jubilation and despair, such joy and sorrow, as might have thrilled even senseless clay, or else the thought that could not clothe itself iu words was wrought out in poems in iron, or carved into dreams in wood. It waB so with this man, Pierre. His was one of the souls that chafed in slavery. He bad thoughts that burned for utterance behind dumb lips, and into his works he threw the voioele8s passion and yearnings of hiB life. One day his master, lingering besile his bench and watching his subtle skill, suddenly exclaimed:— " Pierre, carve me a bed like no other bed in the world, and I will give you your freedom." Truly ?" he asked, huskily. " Foi de Gentilhomine," replied the master, carelessly, as he went out humming the "Ah, Che la Morte,"from "II Trovatore." That night Pierre began his task with his brain afire with the inspiration of freedom. Day by day he worked into the wood that seemed a sentient thing under his touch, all the passion and dreams of his life, and almost insensibly there grew, loop upon loop, the chain so long borne, so soon to be broken. Titine was his wife, and together they planned how he, once freed, would make the money to buy her from her master. On the bayou they would build a little cabin, and there might be born to tbem children—not slaves, just heaven ! but freemen. Ah, God 1 those days and nights of dreaming! Finally the bed was completed, the master came and marvelled at its workmanship, all artistic New Orleans raved over it for a week, and then Pierre demanded its price—his freedom. His master looked at bim and gave his slow, low, well-bred laugh. " My good Pierre, it was but a jest. Am I likely to part with such a valuable possession," he cried* " No, no," and he tnrned toward the door uneasy at the light that leapt into Pierre's eyer—the tawny savage light like the gleam in a panther's eyeB as it makes ready to spring. " Stay I" the word rang out like a command. Thfl »Iave, standing erect, statuesque, rigid, arraigned his master. Every muscle of the black figure was tense with passion, his Land unconsciously still grasped the long shining knife he bad used in his work. " You break your oath ? You deDjr mo my freedom 1 You lied to me " I curse you and yours, now and forever, with death, death, death," he cried, and he drove the knife up to its hilt in his heart. In his death the prophecy of the carved chain came true; he had broken it at last. As I sit in the gathering dusk, remembering all these things, it seems but yesterday that with curious, childish fingers I followed the carved loops in their intricate windings, and I see the bed, as I knew ifc first, in a dim old room in the Creole quarter of New Orleans. A poor little orphaned child, I was sent to my aunt ia her stately old house where the doors opened on a court gay with flowers, but where the doors and windows were jealously barred and the door swung open to no guest save the priest. Titine met me at the door and took me, frightened and grief-sick, to my aunt's chamber, where, smitten by some malady, I know not what, she lay ia the great carved bed. The room was half in shadow: Coming in from the tropical dav without, I could see nothing save a silver crucifix on the wall, and then as my eyes became accustomed to the darkness it. seemed to me the carved chain raised itself from the bei, caught and imprisoned me. It must hive been my nerves were overwrought, for, with a wild cry: " The chain ! the chain!" I fell senseless on the flior. Titine took me up in her strong arms and bore me from the room, and soothed and comforted me in the soft patois the negroes speak to Creole children. But in the night when still haunted by the terror of the day, I crept to her bed, she drew the crucifex from her breast, and I heard her murmur below her breath :— " Jesus, let not the curse fall on him .'" In the quiet house, where I learned to move as noiselessly as a shadow, a strange friendship sprang up between the old n egress and myself. She served my aunt faithfully, bnt I knew intuitively she hated her mistress with all the force of her halfsavage nature. She made strange incantations abo7e the unconscious sick woman, and in some vain way was like a prophetess of evil, but I think what little love she had she gave to m9. Sometimes, not often, she would speak to me of her husband, always abruptly, as if the words were forced from her. " I saw the dead last night," she would say with trembling lips. " My husband, that they took from me cold and dead with the blood red, red from the little cut above his heart. You would not think one could die 60 easily, eh mon lebe ? Just a litile cut like a child might have made at play. Oh, but he had the courage, mon Pierre." We lived so quietly in the gloomy old house we never count id the time. Masters came and went, giving me the education my aunt considered my due, but the years went by so monotonously I scarcely knew I had reached manhood until Felicie came. She was my aunt's granddaughter, orphaned like myself, and, like myself, thrown on my aunt's protection as the only human being on ^rhom she had any claim. Her mother had made a mesalliance that was never forgiven, but when Felicie went with her mother's dying prayer for forgiveness Madame could cot refuse her the shelter of her roof. It was but natural that Felicie and I should love each other, thrown together as we were in the dim old house where we were the only young creatures. Ah! but we lived in a fool's paradise ! We made the sombre old roomb radiant with our love and happiness. We loved as the birds and flowers may, with a full sense of completeness and oblivion of the future. In all the world there was only us two, and our love bounded time and eternity. No one noticed UB but old Titine, but in her eyes there was always the shadow of a fearful warning. " Jt cannot be, tnes enfants," she would say. " Madame will not hear of it. This wall," striking her hand against the Btone, " is not more hard, more cold, more heart- We would not believe her. When did hope ever take counsel of despair, when did love learn the subtle penetration of hate, or youth listen to age ? The end came sharp and swift as a dagger thrust. One day Madame sent for Felicie and presented her to her fiancee, an old man, ugly and bent, bat with the wealth of a Croesus. It was in vain that we told her of our love, that Felicie wept, that I implored. " Bah, the love of children," she cried, scornfully. Felicie must do as 6he said, or she would turn her oat of doors, as she had done her mother before her. She was inexorable, and we were so young, so helpless, so ignorant, such puppets in the hands of fate. One day when we knelt hand in hand by the old carved bed in which Madame lay deaf to all our prayers, Titine came swiftly forward from behind the heavy curtains. She towered above the sick woman like a dusky sibyl. " Listen to them," she cried. " You remember what my man said when you lied to liim about this "— touching the heavy carved chain. " It was death to you and yours. I can raise the curse " My aunt laughed shrilly. " Ah, these tnulalross," she exclaimed, " but they have the impudence ? Woman, what do I care for your curses or your prayers? The charms of a voudou witch !" At last the day for the wedding arrived. Felicie came to me dressed all in whiteness, like a tall lily. She slipped her hand in mine. " Come," she said, " I would make my reverence to Bonne Mamma." Her eyes were shining with the strange bright light I had seen and feared before; her hand was hot and feverish. "My poor Felicie," I said, "are you ill V " I shall soon be well," she replied. Half way up the steps she stopped and turned toward me. " Death is short," she said; " but life is long." When we reached Madame's room Felicie went over to the great carved bed and bent above the sick woman. "Bonne Mamma," she cried, "I give myself to my bridegroom." And before a hand could be raised to stay her mad deed she had thrust a dagger into her heart and fallen dead across the bed. Madame never rallied from the shock, and when I inherited as next of kin all of her possessions I only kept the great carved bed, and old Titine. and I left the house where we were ever haunted by the ghosts of that unhappy past.—E LIZABETH M. GILHEB, in New Orleans Picayune. 