Echoes and Opinions. ? . SOME gentlemen-who should know better-were, we understand, exceedingly lavish in their con- demnation of our recent referenoe in this column to what was called the " Great National Fair pro- ject." It will be remembered that in that refer- ence we advised caution on the part of too suscep- tible, benevolently-disposed persons, for the reason that the project as it appeared before us was surrounded by several suspicious circumstances. Our friends who are so ready at condemning what appears in a newspaper, if it does not entirely co- incide with their views, will perhaps not be pleased to learn that our paragraph appears to have con- tributed in a large degree to the unmasking of what promised to be a huge " get at the people" of this and the adjacent colonies, vide au extract from the Daily Telegraph in another column, wherein is disclosed some of the experiences of Mr. À. ALLEN, M.P. for Paddington, in connection with the secretary of the Fair and his unnamed commit- tee. Our censors would do well to take a lesson from this case, and not be so ready in futnre at wagging their tongues against our utterances iu good faith and iu the public interest. THAT ia rather a rough exposure ou Mr. HENNIKEE HEATON, reported in the English cablegram. We have had our opinion of the gentleman for many years, commencing with his first visit to Grafton as reporter for the T. and C. Journal on the occa- sion of the visit of the Sydney Bowing Club at onr first great regatta. But we never thought he would make himself so ridiculous as is indicated by the exposure incident to Mr. DENNIS' claim being passed under legal process. Just to think that the M.P. for Canterbury (England) in the Conservative interest kept a "ghost"; that all those magnificent speeches delivered on various occasions were those not of HEATON.but of DENNIS, HENNIKER being only the mouthpiece-the parrot for the occasion ; and then all those neatly-turned phrases and those strong arguments contained in articles and letters upon the question of Ocean Penny Postage, and with regard to the relics of early colonisation in Australia. These were all DENNIS' too. How are the mighty fallen ? And fallen too with the additional weight of £600 damages and costs. Men who use other men's brains and general ability would do well to keep the man who supplies the brains well paid up ; otherwise the HENNIKER collapse may be repeated in other quarters. CUSTOMS duties were first collected in England in the reign of King ETHELRED. Since then every conceivable device on the one hand has been resorted to for the purpose of augmenting the revenue so raised; and on the other hand, men have been equally aotive in resorting to methods for avoiding or evading the payments. Smuggling was at one time almost a profession with a certain class, carried on amidst considerable peril. One hundred years ago in England no fewer than 1425 articles were liable to duty. This, of course, greatly increased the temptation to smuggle. Even in the present day-although smuggling in its broadest sense is a thing of the past-the evasion of Customs duties is not unfrequently attempted, more for the satisfaction of pointing the State than for any important profit derivable from the transaction. The struggle with regard to Customs duties, how- ever-smuggling or not-is still going on. 1 he Protectionists want more Customs duties ; the single taxers want none. Between the two there is a very wide gulf fixed. Revenue must be had for the purposes of Government. If the Protec- tionist theory is right, the imposition of sufficiently high rates of duties through the Customs should stop importation, and consequently stop revenue. In what direction will they then look for revenue 1 To the land. Then they may become unwittingly single taxers. But that time is very remote no doubt. Some persons may ask what will be thc use of protecting native industries and encouraging over-production if you have to fall back upon e land tax or excise duties for the purposes ol revenue. There is another gulf fixed here which need not trouble the people of to-day so much ac how to promote immediate prosperity, and lay thc foundation of an ever-increasing national progress DUBING the recent election contest in this elector- ate some exception was taken to the statement that the principles of Protection were incompatible with those of Land Nationalization. It was argued by some of the prominent members of the local Land Nationalization or Single Tax League, that there was no inconsistency in professing at one and the same time to be a follower of Henry George and a Protectionist. Now, the question is who was right and who should decide 1 As an authority in the matter quite equal, we should think, to any local Land Nationalizer, the Secretary of the Sydney Land Nationalization League may well be accepted. "What does he say ? " I have issued a challenge to any Protectionist Land Nationalist to affirm, ' can a Protectionist be a Land Nationalist on the lines laid down in 'Progress and Poverty?' The contrary will be affirmed by a member of the League.' " He goes on to say : " The League is particularly anxious that a prominent Protectionist should accept the challenge, and bring evidence to show hon a reasonable Icing can by any possibility be a Protectionist and a Land Nationalist vf thc Henry George type at one and the same time ? As ! soon as this question is disposed of I propose to i issue a challenge on behalf of the League to some prominent advocate of a revenue tariff with which particular form of fiscal inanity a single taxer has about as much sympathy as with Protection itself." We Bhould gather from this that the Sydney Secre- tary's opinion is rather against those expressed by certain members of the local League. Affording another proof of how little principles have ta do with people's votes at election times. The Protec- tionist, the Free-trader and the Single Taxer alike are more frequently guided at the ballot by per- sonal feeling of some kind or other, than they are by those principles which they at other times pro- fess to follow as their guiding star. There is a great deal too mnch sham, everlasting sham, iu thc political life, and professed principles of trading politicians in this country. Miraculous Escape.-Mr. David Small, of the West Branch, of the Orara, met with a mira- culous escape with his life while felling brush on his selection. Hearing something falling over him he looked np and was instantly strack on the face by a heavy limb, rendering him insensible for some time, catting and smashing his face in a terrible manner. The act of looking np apparently saved his brains from being knocked ont. The accident took place on Wednesday, and on Friday Mr. Small was able to move from his bed and his wounds are healing in a wonderful manner. It is expected that no permanent disfigurement will follow, but his face is in a sad condition as yet. The limb that fell on him was about 7 feet long and about 5 inches in diameter at its base. It was a dead limb, hanging in the vines above him, and was not splintery. Grafton Rifle Clutr.-The following team will represent Grafton at Lismore matches at Easter -Captain Clarke, Lieutenant Denton, Sergeants Graham, Hockey, Dalby, Tombs, Corporal Lunney, Private Hadfield, Messrs. Willins, Hyde, Ehlers, Finlay. It is hoped these gentlemen will practice well, and that the best 10 men will be selected. DESPÉGATE BUBGLARIES.-Â desperate burglary was perpetrated on the North Melbourne premises of Andrew Gardiner, potato dealer, ou Monday night. Several men entered the bedroom and stupefied Mr. and Mrs, Gardiner with ether, and then deliberately robbed the place. Gardiner awoke in a dazed condition during the operations, and made a noise. The men at once jumped through a window, and made off in a spring-cart, which was waiting. The premises of Mr. Bell were also entered, and £100 in goods and money taken. The . Rothschilds and other agents for the Russian conversion loan, which is now being raised, have informed tba Czar that it will be necessary for Russia to restrain her intrigues in the Balkan municipalities, as otherwise they cannot act further in the loan, A clearance sale of general store goods and fur- niture will be held by Mr. Maurice on Tuesday and Wednesday next, 26th and 27th instant, at Mrs. M'Intyre's store and residence, Queen-street, full particulars of which can be seen in advertisement in our front page.-ADV. Messrs. O'Brien and Harrington, who have been imprisoned nnder the Irish Crimes Act, refuse theil release, which has been proffered them, as they object to the terms upon which this release is to be obtained. 