ECHOES of the STREETS. TBy Tomht Taor.T ' Our eohoes roll from soul to soul.' It gave me much pleasure to hear my worthy friend Alderman Farrelly unbosom himself to a certain extent to the large assemblage of his fellow citizens who dined together, after the Anerlo- Saxon custom, to celebrate' the inauguration of the Trades and Labour Council on Saturday evening last at the Cornwall Hotel. People -ecome amiable and communicative when they dine together. For the time a feeling of brotherhood warms their hearts j they relax the austerity, I should say reserve, lhat is the renroaeh of Rritnnn a.nA f« their own surprise, and to the surprise of their neighbours, indulge in a relieving gush. Of the purpose of ihat Most, agreeable gathering I have ittle tb.say. While my sympathy is with those good and true men who seek to pro mote the well-being1 of all craftsmen and abourers, and although I should never have taken up the pen of the ready writer —lot this slip of self-satisfaction pass, please— had I not been urged by sympathy, I live so much in that dreamland, Utopia, where the whole community is one fraternal co-operative society, and where there. is no need for individual classes to band themselves together for the pro tection and advancement of that particular class— I sometimes forget that I do not live in Utopia, amd that the complica tions of interest require continual and the most delicate adjustment. These guilds and unions have most cer tainly benefited craftsmen and labourers, but history tells me that they are not — as nothing really is— an unmixed blessing. No wonder then that I am sometimes anxious lest at any time these good men -inr? ti*tia mov 1i«4*nM +n ^1-n »?»?-«.*!*.»_ *»._.J_ mum u&w; u4i»,y *uinju V\I UUO S^CUIUUH VTSTUa of mischievous busybodies that might dis turb the prosperity that now prevails. I beg pardon for keeping Alderman Farrelly so long on his feet. That gentleman put me in mind of certain children in a certain market place who complained to their fellows that .they had piped unto them and they b»d not danced. He- spoke eloquently .of the good the Municipal Council had -? effected, making- rough places smooth, and cleansing and beautifying our city; ho pathetically remarked that they (the Council) were but nine men, and they had done whab they could ; but, he said, they could and would have done more had not their hands been tied by the apathy of the citizens. In the matter of lighting the town with the electric light, their initiatory proceedings had not been backed up by any sign of approval from the public, and how could they proceed in thia great undertaking unless they received support from outside. In my usual enthusiastic manner I heartily applauded this part of Mr. Farrelly's speech. I was glad to hear an alderman side with Tommy Trot in reproving the citizens of Launceston for their lukewarm ness in many matters of great civic in terest. But 'I said to myself as 1 trotted home, ' Habit is second nature.' Draw nearer my auditors, let us put our heads together, and I will tell you a tale, or rather the ' Romance of the old gold satin slipper.' Ah ! I see you are in terested ; I thought the mention of a slipper— a delicate lady's slipper — would draw. Don't be impatient ; let me tell it my own way. Well, the steamer had entered the Tamar Heads; the smart Customs House officer, gold buttons, gilt band, had boarded her. The passengers' luggage had been hoisted out of the hold, and lay piled up amidships waiting to be examined and passed by the young official. The passengers had gathered around await ing their turn. Everyone made the most of seeing their fellow-passengers' goods and chattels hauled about. Glances and smiles were exchanged as the contents of this and that portmanteau or tin box came to light, and all the while the good steamer was parting the waters of the Tamar before her with a bright musical plash, and leaving behind her a glittering streak of white waves. At length a long bag became the object of general attention. A gentleman claimed it, and answered the questions of the young inquisitor in a somewhat low tone of voice. The officer did not seem satisfied. The suspicion-arousing bag was forthwith emptied of its contents. Ladies' jackets, shawls, wraps of every kind were disclosed, the lookers-on drawing closer as the process went on. The bottom 'of the emergency bag had just been reached, when in a moment the lookers-on -were rewarded for their patient watoh — yes, my hearers, the agony is coming — out jumped, out of the jaws of the long bag, clearing with a bound the heap of wrap3— out jumped, and stood firmly on the deck, beautiful, stately, a perfect model of classic elegance, a lady's old gold satin slipper, resting lightly upon the prosaic deck-like a thing of beauty as it really was, like the fragment of some- ; ;..-'.?' charming romanje. The surprised passen gers looked with all their eyes for a moment or two, and then a quiet smile went round the circle, not a rude guffaw— how could they laugh rudely in the presence of this thing of beauty just arrived freeh from the kingdom of romance, and resting- lightly there so dainty, so suggestive of womanly grace, appealing as if it said — ' Pray, kiad friends have respect to the absent fair one, my mistress.whose fairy foot bo often makes- - me its habitat.' Do you think T.T. cannot romance if ho choose P Go to ? he can romance fast enough when he has a purpose. The moral of all this is to support the reference that waa made last - week to the inquisitorial and offensive ~ nature of Custom House customs, and the- ? incivility with which Iady- passenger3r luggage h treated on arrival at thia port ' of Launceston. ...' In one of the foulest part's of Melbourne - '' theOhinese quarter, Little Bourke- street ' ; there is one wholesome spot where minis-' ? tering women'watch to rescue God's lambs who have wandered afar from the fold The door of this refuge, for such it is' stands always open through all the dark unwholesome hours of the night, when murder, and crime, and shame make 'night hideous.' The open door admit* to a large room invitingly clean and warm,' v uc«»v ^amuoi* nuu Biitsuuiueu ; at one end from a bright red background, gleams in brightest gold the Scriptural invitation 'Come unto.me ;' opposite to this inviting inscription is a large fireplace, a bright fire, and near at hand a kettle and tea and coffee pots, which comfortable appliances stand ready the whole night long. In, ? attendance, also the whole night are two ladies, educated, refined women, who have' 'taken up the cross, and have given them- ' .-'???? selves to minister to the lost sheep of the ' ' ?? T V House of Israel. Bound' and about that. ' crime-haunted quarter flit about all' night long the ghosts of those who once were smiling, beautiful babes, the joy of their mothers and the pride of their fathers, who grew up to be the light and minister of -the precious home; babes whom their fond parents hoped one day to see mistress of a. jrighthome of her own, mother of beauti ful ohildren, but who have; been enticed from the safety of the fold, and become the shameless companion* of the depraved and criminal. Into this haven, these midnight shades, alas not ghosts but living women, carrying about with them under their breasts a lacerated heart, burning with indignation and shame, as do the sad inmates of the Halls of Eblis ' in Alderman Beckworth'a 'V.t*;lioir.'fi,ooi sadly bewildered ones, sober or inebriated, maddened by 'opium, drink, crime, or' shame, may always enter, always be wel comed by loving voices, and ministered to by the caressing hands of these ladies who know of no pollution in these sad offices. Some of these unfortunates enter, throw themselves upon a bench, bury their faces- ' in their hands, their elbows resting upon the table, and weep as only thoBe who think themselves God-forsaken can. The sisters prepare the refreshing cup of tea, and when their visitors become calmer, enquire into their case, ? tell them to pour out their ' ? ? ' whole hearts to them, to relieve their sorrow by an unburdenment into ' th«- -' sympathising ears of real friendB who have voluntarily made themselves the servants ? of such as they are. These poor creatures are for a time comforted, then are urged to bury the past life and arise to a brighter dawn j they are inrited fo eater a ' home,' safe, wholesome, pure; they are assured of kindness and aroused to the hope of recovery. -There is- no staud-offishness in these devoted ladies who go about their errands of mercy; go about those foul slums at night as safe as in the blessed daylight, for they are, as they say, 'about the Master's business.'Hundreds of women have been saved through this instru mentality, and may many more be yet restored to the fold. ' : The, article in /the Argus, about August 24, from which* this bare outline has been taken, is recommended to the gracious attention of one or two ladies in Laun- . ceston. Give the unfortunate a place ia which to hide their shame. Take them out- l outof the streets. Let there bea light in the window for even them. : Dr; Strong, the well-known pastor of the' Australian Church, Melbourne, has recently spoken out very plainly on the Sunday Question. In an article from his. pen he says :— 'The fourth commandment we hold is still as binding as ever ; perhaps more so, in so far as it commands mercy and humanity. To make clerks or employes or oneself labour more than is ' compatible with the healthy development of body, mind, and soul, is to break the fourth commandment as interpreted by the Spirit of Christ. This may not be a, popular view, but it is true. And the maa who keeps his servants working or works himself to all hours every night, and thon from Sunday morning, to Monday morning puts up his shutters, may keep the letter of' the law, but breaks its spirit. And ha who would make Sunday less a day of real rest (which often consists in variety) to his ? fellow-men, by shutting up libraries and railways, infringes also the law of the Spirit - of Humanity which breathes in the fourth commandment, and in Christ's interpreta tion of it.' ' ' ? Among other holiday festivities th e Baby Show, whioh was to have been hold in the City Park Wednesday, collapsed on_ account of the rain ; in spite of which, however, a few unwise mothers,' in their maternal pride, walked disconsolately up and down in front of the Park gates for some time in the hope that they would be opened, arid au opportunity given -for a display of the infantile exhibits. The ' City Band concert arranged to be held is/' he Park also fell through. * ' - 