Centennial International Ex hibition, Melbourne. MESSRS. MOET AND CHANDON'S EXHIBIT. (from our special reporter.) Mons. Alfred Simonr the senior partner of the great champagne firm of Moet and Chandon, during the few short tnonihs that he has been in Australia, has done wonders in the way of introducing his excellent wine to the public. This particular beverage is the ' Dry Imperial ' of 1884 vintage, and it is not too much to say that it is rapidly gaining gTound in the estimation of connoisseurs, Mons. Simon, who is now in Sydney, did not arrive in Melbourne until the Exhibition was half over, otherwise his firm would have been enabled to. make a more pretentious display than their present trophy, and lovers of the flowing vintage of champagne would have had a greater opportunity of enjoying the 'Dry Imperial.' It is not exactly known when champagne was first made. Before the days of Dom Perignon a strong red wine was in use, but little is known of its quality. It was, however, Dom Perignon who conceived the idea of producing a wine that should be at once bright, spark ling, and effervescent, and of an exhilarating character. This was about the year 1697, when the reign of Louis XIV. was drawing to a clo^e. The new beverage quickly became a favourite among the habitues of the Palais Royal. It was first introduced at one of the famous soupers d' And, and the bottles bore the name of the Marquis de Sillery, who, to quote the words of a well-known writer, ' had turned his swoid into a pruning knife, and applied himself to the cultivation of the paternal vineyards on the principles inculcated by the celercs of St. Peter.' As years went by champagne grew in favour, especi ally among the noblesse, and at most of the pelits soup( rs of 'the period. It may be remarked here that the atten dants on these occasions were generally young and pretty women, scantily clothed, in the guise of Baccha nals ; and, leaving out the question of attire, the custom then in vogue will give a cue to the present-day system of the employment of barmaids in drinking saloons. Messrs. Moet and Chandon, of Epernay, are at present the largest manufacturers of champagne in the world — a big assertion to make, truly, but it can be verified from the fact of their possessing a vineyard of over ' 2500 acres, employing all the year round 3500 labourers I and vine- dressers, and paying away £100,000 per annum, or at the ra'e of £10 per acre for the cultivation | of their land. Great, However, and all as the- yield is, 1 Messrs. Moet and Chandon find that the demand far exceeds what they are able to supply. Two thousand five hundred hands are employed in the manufacture of the wine, and the cellars contain rows of bottles of wine in my miles in length. In the year 1833 the present firm began operations, but the Moet family had been identified with the champagne industry for nearly a century previously. As far back as the fifteenth century the firm of Jean and Nicholas Moet were tehevins of the town of Reims. In that capacity one of the family was present at the coronation of Charles VII., in 14'29, and the family were afterwards ennobled by that sovereign. In 1833, owing to M. Chandon having married M. Jean Reim Moet's eldest daughter, the name of the firm was changed from Moet and Co. to Moet and Chandon, and the descendants of these constitute the present pro prietary. On the Continent and in Great Britain Moet and Chandon's sparkling champagne is universally known, while h°re in Australia there is hardly a hotel of any note, a country store, or a station, from Melbourne to the Gulf of Carpentaria, and froui the East Coast to the Far West, that the foaming beverage has not at onetime or another been drunk in more or less quantities. Other brands hive of course for some time past entered into competition with Moet and Chandon, and consequently the* firm have now put forth their best endeavours to place upon the Australian market a wine far superior to any yet sent here. This is the ' Dry Imperial,' 18SI vintage, which Mons. Simon inlro duced a few we.'ks since at the Melbourne Exhibition. During the past year in England alone 20,000 dozen of this delicious wine was 6o!d by Moot and Chandon, and, from its great vinosity, dryness, and delicacy of flavour, it promises to become a tavouritc m Australia. At the ' tasting ' which took place recently in the Exhibition, fully 100 gentlemen were present, includ ing several well-known connoisseurs and wine experts. These were unanimous as to the high quality possessed by the ' Dry Imperial.' The consumption on that occasion equalled 150 bottles in two hours, or an average of three pints per individual, and afterwards I d:d not hear a single complaint of a headache. The writer was present also on another 'occasion when fully double the abovementioned quantity was drunk per head ; and in reply to the usual questions next morning, 'Don't you feel a bit seedy?' 'How's your poor, head?' 'Haven't you a headache, old boy?' the invariable answers were, 'Feel as fit as a fiddle!' ' Not the ghost of an ache anywhere!' &c;„ &c.; At the opening of the Palace Hotel and other private ' gatherings, at banquets, balls, and on most racecourses, Moet and Chandon holds a prominent place, while at the picnic given bjr the Melbourne Harbour Trust ' to dis tinguished visitors at the Exhibition this wine was exclusively used. The Moet and Chandon stand in the Exhibition does not particularly catch the eve of the visitor, owing as previously stated, to the fact of Moos'. Simon, the senior partner of the London firm, not having arrived in time to erect the magnificent trophy at first intended. The exhibit of which we give an illustration tliis week simply consists of an almost, circular case enclosed in glass. Hottles of champagne are arranged around the sides, and opening from the branch avenue is the en trance to this unpretentious little kiosk. A seat and a cupboard with a sideboard, wheron are to be seen glasses and corkscrews, indicate that the comfort and conveni ence of thirsty souls are taken into consideration ; for the genial M. Simon and his travelling representative, Captain Trower, have dispensed hospitality with alavish hand. Five hundred dozen bottles have been brought out for the purpose of giving away as samples, and such enterprise and generosity as this is certain to meet with its own reward in the shape of a largely-increased sale far Moet and Chandon's 'Dry Imperial .Champagne.' 