SIGHTS, SHOWS, AND SINGING. At the Theatre Royal the balloon ascent, the real rain, many- other marvellous sen sations, and well designed artistically painted scenery, and really good acting are having desired effect in. keeping attendances up to the desired level. Bland Holt and his sweet stuffing wife must be eminently well satisfied at the amomit of success which now crowns their most herculean efforts to keep the public amused. Hamlet has been produced at the Opera- house with very careful attention to archseo- logical requirements, aud there is education in the study of the dresses, scenery, and accessories. The artist is both clever and conscientious. In the opening scene of the second act, right at the rear of the stage, and obscured by draperies, is a piece of perspective as honestly drawn and as tastefully coloured as any in the full glare of the lights. In like fashion is the habiting of the characters done, for the minor dumb- showers are as accurately apparelled as is the eloquent Lord Hamlet himself. In his interpretation of that wonderful part as well as in his readings, otherwhere. Mr. Milu is often original, but he is always c insistent. His Hamlet has indeed put 1 4 an antic disposition on; " not only when the wind is southerly, but when breezes blow from other quarters of the heaven, he " knows a hawk from a handsaw." Rosencrantz and Guildenstern cannot play cn the simple pipe, though they assume an ability to pluck out the heart of his mystery. . Hamlet himself, pretend ing nothing, is yet able to o'ennastor everyone with whom ho comes in contact, not hy the force of madness, hut by the power of sheer intellect. This is Mr. Miln's conception, and he makes it so apparent that there can be no doubt in the mind of those that hear him. The marvel of Shakespeare is that so many interpre tations can be consistently woven into his text. 44 Age cannot wither, nor custom stale his infinite variety." The stream of genius is deep, broad, and ever-flowing, and close study serves rather to prove its pleateousness than to ex haust its lessons. 44 Was Hauffet mad r" is a question often asked and many times replied to with wealth of argument on each side. Mr. Miln belongs to the school who say 44 no," and right through the play he adds gestures, em phasis, and accent to the texts which go far to justify his opinion. The critic may disagree, but at least he must acknowledge that, from his own standpoint, Mr. Miln's performance is a very masterly one. But if Hamlet is not mad, Ophelia 8 wee tly and surely is. Miss Jordan makes that point sadly evident, and wins nightly praise for her excellent pourtrayal of the " dear maid's fantasy." In the earlier scenes Miss Jordan shows much histrionic ability, but in these last heart-touching incidents she rises to a very much higher pitch of ex cellence. Mr. Ireland, as he invariably has done, makes the wicked most of the King. Mr. Greenaway is a friendly and not fawning, a favoured and yet not presuming, Horatio. Mr. Hodsou is very successful as the 44 tedious old fool," Polonius. Mr. Cathcart is well suited as the Ghost. Mr. Douglas gives a fiery repre sentation of Laertes, aud the Queen is in good hands. At (he Princess Theatre the sadly- sweet, seriously-merry, and utterly-admirable 44 Yeo man of the Guard" continues. Nellie Stewart's prettiness and power of voice, Ida Osborne's charm of song, Vernon's excellent acting, Elton's undoubted cleverness, Lenmane's harmonious numbers, and the bluff manliness of Marnock are each full of a great attraction. All this, added to most beautiful scenery aud a really admirable opera, should have power for many weeks to keep the theatre full. Mr. Alfred Dampier, as Shamus O'Brien, is still a great attraction at the Alexandra. The visit of the eloquent Dillon and his fellow- orators has done much to stir up interest in the Irish question, and, therefore, this chance of seeing into the heart of an incident of past political struggles in the " Beautiful Isle of the Sea" is largely availedof. The principals in the drama are able and conscientious, the rank and file are painstaking, while the scenery is carefully attended to. To night Messrs Dillon, Deasy, and Sir T. Esmonde give their patronage to "Betsy," and the Hibernian-hall will be cro wded — as indeed it deserves to be, because of the intrinsic merit of the performance and the manly courage of the lessees. On Monday 44 Modern Wives" will be once more introduced to modern husbands, brothers, sisters, cousins and aunts. This afternoon Miss Isabel Morris receives a benefit at the generous tia-miq of Mr. Miln and a number of her brother and sister professionals . The programme includes parts of 44 Taken from life,3' " Pepita," and 44 Richard in.," besides songs, recitations, and other attractions by meet capable artiste, _ At the Victoria-hall, Frank. Clarke's celebri ties still please the thronging audiences, and at 1 St. George's-hail, Kennedy, the world's greatest mesmerist, has been doing big hmanpia. What menaredoingonotherstages, fleas, ofaUcreatures in the world. areaccompliRhingin Rnn rke-street, and the patience of the trainer is rewarded by much patronage of the paying public. Mr. Macabe, who his gone on a provincial tour, returns to Melbourne Athenseum for a farewell season on Saturday, May 18. j The everywhere-famous baritone .. Santiey 'makes his first' appearance in Melbourne Town- hall on Tuesday, May 21. Bis reputation will draw a big house, and those who hear him will have cause to further spread abroad his fame. Last Saturday, under (he leadership of Mr- George "Weston, and conducted hy Mr. Julius Herz, the Centennial Orchestra gave a very successful concert in the Exhibition, and this afternoon there will be a grand Wagner con cert in the same building, while, inrespohtoto many requests, Handel's Lugo for organ, harp and strings will alto be included. Mr. G. O. Miln— acting on the impulse of the sad news contained in Friday's telegram to the effect that Mr. Edwid Booth has suffered a stroke of paralysis while playing 44 Othello" at Rochester, New York— has convened a meeting of sympathisers for Monday afternoon next, at 1 o'clock, on the stage of the Opera-house, 44 with the spontaneous desire to devise mwna of expressing hope for his speedy recovery." If anyone who Wishes to go has not received a special invitation, he will, yot be welcome. The Hon. J. P. Lesesne, American consul will preside. The University students, some time next week, will make a presentation to Mr. G. C. Miln during the performance of " Hamlet." Mr. Justice Hodges will probably be the instrument through which the compliment will come. 