YORK. From our own Correspondent. On Sunday, Father Gibney notified, that the re-opening of the Catholic School would take place on the following Monday. In future, he said, mass would be celebrated at 9 a.m. on Wednesdays, when, he trusted, Catholic parents would see that their children were present in time. The May devotions would begin at 7 during the month. Instructions appropriate to the season, would he given each evening. He begged to call their attention to a Catholic publication, which had been procured by His Lordship the Bishop, for the use of the Catholics of the diocese. It was an excel lent work, and could be bought for a very small sum. After mass, the monthly meet ing of the female branch of the Sacred Heart Association was held, and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament given. Speaking as to the results of the late Bazaar, he said the sincere thanks of the congregation were due to those persons, who had so ably assisted in making it a success. There was little reason to complain of the way in which it was patronized, since the receipts exceeded £100 — a result which showed that those who laboured, had the success of the bazaar very deeply at heart. To the lady stall-holders, to the assistants, and to all who attended, he returned his sincere thanks. The Encyclical Letter of His Holiness Pope Leo XIII. was read by Father Gibney. On Easter Monday evening, I went to the Catholic Bazaar, and found the saleroom uncomfortably crowded. Those who pre sided over stalls, and those who got up raffles, were all actively engaged. Bazaars are now so common, that a lengthy report of the one held recently in this town would be monotonous to not a few of your readers. Besides, there were so many young ladies and gentlemen assisting in the work, that to make a selection would be invidious. I shall merely give the stall-holders whom I recollect : — Mesdames Tomney, O'Con nell, Lavery, Gallop, Hackett, and Miss Davis. On Tuesday, I attended the Races, and saw a considerable number of people as sembled. I was told the number was large, compared with the day before. Everything was very quiet, and compared to the years that are passed— it was indeed, "the ghost of former days." Sobriety was generally ob served. News has just reached here, of an acci dent which lately occurred in the Nor tham district, to a Mrs. Thackrah, formerly a resident of York. She was struck by lightning, but no serious conse quences ensued. A letter, which appeared in the last issue of your York contemporary, commenting upon the work done on the road to the goldfields, is understood by many here, to be the cloak for an outrageous attack upon the chairman of the York Roads Board. The weather is very cloudy. We were threatened with heavy thunder last night, and had nice rains. The Cricketers' Concert held on Easter Monday, proved very successful. It was under vice-regal patronage. April 29th. 