I THE DAY OF REST. SONG FOR THE FREE, AND HOPE FOR THE BOUND. [A Sermon by C. EL &PURGEON; ] " Bo brought them oat of daraness and the fbarow of death* and brake tbeir band in sunder. Ob than men would praise the Lord for His good fte&B;, and for Bis wonderful works to tbe children of men ! For Be h*th broken the gateB of brass. (ted cut the bars of Iron in sunders-Psalm criii. H' 16. My anxlouB, prayerful desire this morning 1b that some who hare betffl in the condition described in text tea; come out of it into full redemption. They have been too long in prison, and^now the silver trumpet Bounds-liberty to the captives. Jesus has come into the world to break the gate of brass, and to cut the bare of iroo in sunder. Oh, that my prayer might be beard for tbose in bondage. I trust thatsome of tbose who are noir Immured in the dungeon of despondency will say " Amen" to my prayer; and if toey are praying l&side;* and we arc* praying outside, and the Lord Jesus Christ Hin> sell conies to open tbe prison doors, then there will be a Jubilee before lorg This passage, of coirse, literally auuaes to . prisoner* held in durance by their fellow-men. What a Bad world man has made this earth. With aupeitiulty of naughtiness man has multiplied bis bastiles. As if there weie not misery enoutrh to the tree, he invents cells and chains. One's blood boils when standing In those living graves In which tyrants have buried their victims out ot sight and bearing. Could the most fierce of wild beasts (lis play fcuch cruelty to their kind as men have shown to men ? By tbe horrors of each Imprisonments one must estimate tbe Joy of being set free. To Uodit is a glory that, In the order LofJ His providence, He often provides a way of escape for tbe oppressed Cruel dynasties have been overthruwn, tyrants have been hurled from their thrones, aad then enlarge ment has come to tbose who were strnightly shut up. liberated ones should indeed '* praise the Lord for Bis goodness, and for Bis wonderful works totbe<blldrenofinen." ib_b ^ _ But tbe various scenes in this Psalm were in* tended to describe spiritual conditions. The second verse is a key to the whole song-" Let the redeemed of the Lord say BO." The deliverance nere intended is one which is brought to ns by redemption, and comes by tbe way of the great sacrifice upon Cal vary. We are redeemed with tbe precious blood of Him who surrendered Hla own liberty for our aakes> and consented to be bound and crucified tb»t tie might t et us free. My grateful heart seems to near bim saying; again, as He cud in tbe garden of uethsHinane, ** Jf ye seek Me, let these go their way " His consenting to be bound brought freedom toiill ih"Se who put their trust la film. i shall t ndt avour, as God shall help me, to speak of the lest spiritually, and we will consider it under the h«a :i* g three questions. Firtt, Who ate tbe favoured men of whom tbe test speaks? Becoodly. Mow has this remarkable deliverance been wrought? Thiirily, What shall be done about it? The test tells ub how 10 act oh. that men would praise tbe Lcrd for his goodness!" 1 Fiist, Ht vb ask, who are these favoured men ? TbBte favoured persons were guilty men, as you will see by the context. "Because they rebelled acalDbt toe words of God, and contemned the council of the Most High" Hear this, ye sinful oute, and take heart. God has wrought great vondtrs for a people vihom it seemed impossible lor Bim to notice. If they came into prison through rebellion you would expect Him to leave them thne Yet rebels are set free by an act of immeasu rable grace. Tue Bedeemer bas received gift* for men.^jea, for tbe rebellious also." Ta*se men were despiters of God's woid. Was there a goapel of freedom for them ? Yes. It is for them that Jehovah, in abounding grace, has wrought miracles 9 he persons described by the Psalmist were guilty ©f overt acta They were in actual rebellion against ibe commands of ibe Most Higti Their rebellion woe cot a single hasty t*ct. Their entire lives were a continuance of their wicked revolt. From their childhood they went astray ;in their youth they pro voked the Lotd ; and in their manhood they diso beyed Bim more and more. They were inopenoppo j sition to their Creator, Benefactor, and Lord l i have no doubt that I am speaking to many who ! must own that tbey have been actual and wilful tra> frBTeauoi8 &>fi;ain*t the ljord of love. They have turned unto Him the back and not the face-they have not heen beivants, but rebels. .j he persons here spoktn of were as evil In their hearts as iii thtir lives, lor they " contemned the coumel of the Most High " Perhaps they intellectu ally rejected the teaching of Holy Scripture, and tcorntd to leceive wh»t the Lord revealed ^bey rtfuteoto yi»14 their understandings to infallible teaching: hut judged their own thoughts to be better than the thoughts of God The counsel of the MoBt Hieb, though marked by the sublimity of bim from whom it came, appeared to them to Di lesi> high i ban their own soaring theories, and there I f.iretlii-yd<bMinedit. To some men any doctrine is more ate. pinble than that of Script ire They ; tladly btar what doubters (-ay, but thuy will not I hear what God the l.ord shall epeaK. dis ojunsel of ttructiun, His counsel of command, His counsel I of pri'inirr. Bis whole counsel tbpy castaway from thm), and Ibey take counsel of their own conceit. Tliti e peimi.s were doomed men, tot taey -'tat In ('artnf sa, and ill tbe shadow of death." It means ; mat tlie> were in the condemned cell, waiting ior execution No itebt coaid come to theai, for their condemnation was clear; no escape could be hoped > or. not a rny of hope came from any direction, in ; a trboit time they must be taken out to execution, I to that tbe shadow of their death fell with its damp. twadeiiing influence upon their spirits. Do I audreas i hny Hucb this morning ? Ah. my friend, I cin sytn i p&ibise; with yon as you sit here and leel that you I»re doomed. 1, too, have felt that sentence of de*cb vitbin me. 1 knew myself to be " condemned 1 f lr*a<ty," because 1 bad not believed on tbe Son of I God. I recollect bow those words "condemned I alieadv" langin my ears, as 1 should think the bell | of>t Sepulcnere's ubbA 10 sound in the ears of tue condemned in JNewgate, warning them that the 1 time Wttt< come tu go oun upon the scanold. wnen tbe shadows of eternat * r . th falls upon the heart, nethinn worse can be imagined ; for tbe conscience betas sure witness that God is just when He judges, conOtiiiiJH and punishes. When, a man feels tne shaftow cf rtenth upon him. infidel arguments are biienced, te.f conceited defences are banished, ana the bttm consents to tbejuscice of tbe law which declare*,'{2 he eoui than tinneth. it fiaail die.' My bretbern, «ho remember being in this stite o" cons cience, condemnation, will join me in prayiog for tnot-e who are now in that condition, for ihey need cur pity and love. O my hearers, condemned in ynur own coi sciences, take heart and hope: for you are the sort of people whom Jehovah in His grace delinbts to s»-tfree. Those doomed ones were the n)»n« f whom our text hings,44 Be brought them out of tbe darkness and the shadow of death. it is jour condemned condition »bieb needs free mercy; and, behold, the Lord meets your need in BiH i ouud tss grrtce. To the doomed tbe Lord God io Christ 3t>ua will give free pardon this moraine. I i-peafc with great confidence, for my trust is in fine Gcd of love. The Lord is going to hear prayer lor sou, tinners. You shall be brought from under the black cloud which now threatens you with over, whelnjing teyjpeet; you phall come forth from the i ondemned cell, not to execution, but to absolution. Blessed be tbe rame of the Lord. He passetb by tranpgrefbicn, and doth it justly through the atone otBisfon. But next, these persons were bound men; for they '* sat in darkless and in the shartow of deatn, being bound in affliction and iron.** There afflictions were like iron, ba^d and cold, and such they could not break from. The iron entered Into their souls; the xust fretted the flesh and poisoned the blood They ve»e bound in a double sense-affliction witnin and iron without. It is a terrible thing when a man f» el* that he is lost, and that he cannot get awsy from destruction. An evil habit has got him wit bio its iron arasp and will not relax its boia. Even though he would, he cannot loose himseii frtm tbe thraldom of his sin. He has become a slavp, and tbe»e is no escape for him. M Oh, my God !" b* crieB, .' what can I do 7 " Tbe more he s iaibs. the faster the iron seems to hold him. His stten pt* to be free from evil only prove to bim how much enslaved he is. Wha^an awfnl compound is described in the text- sffliction and iron/ The bond® ge i* mental and physical too.* The enslaved . pnirifc and tbe depraved flesh act and re-act upon i fr ach otber, and hold the poor struggling creature as in an iron net. Be cannot break off his sins, he can* cot li-e to abetter life. I know that some ofyou wbo ate here at this time are in this case, xou long t«> bt- delivered, but you are unable to cut the cords vb'ch bold you. you aie greatly troubled day ajc^r day and ravnot rest; and yet you get no further, lou are strlvirg to find peace, but peace does not come* \onare Ubourinc after emancipation from e*il habits, but the hsbits hold you Btill. Friend tbuB bound, to you I have to tell the glad news that Cb»ist bas crme on purpose thqt he might proclaim the opening of tbe prisons to them that ate b vsd. " He hath broken the gates.of braaa,aii cut ».ue ban of uon iu sunder. Oodto »blet libe'tte &u;> from every bond of m <urn. »ouldst tbou be free? HewM opentt Qi.or lb.re is no bablt so ^vete^, there 2? pa-sion bo fe'ocious, but God can dellysryi t. If3onwiIJbntl;nistln/etnsChri«t,HMBono God, bis grace is a hammer chains. Let Jesus tay. " Loose him Mdlrt himgo. and not even devi's can detain you. .®hrisw warran runs over the "bole universe; and if he makes yoi free, yon will be free indeed. Again, tbme persons weredovrawstiinen. Thq fell down, and there was none to help. We can not go on any longer," eay they. It oselesa ti exert cureehes. We cannot escape God a wrath, nnd iflt we cannot beax it We are at our wits end. 1 here is no use in otu *»yjngto be brttaWe aive it up in oeapair. " Ihey fell down. Thu shows that tbey were quite spent. Hie captive h« been grinding at the mill till he cannot eo anothei roond. Even the lash cannot make him take anothei step He falls in faintneas, as though Wehad gone So have we known men forced to acknowledge that they are "without strength. Xhl< true, but they did not always feBl It. Now they have come to this, that if heaven could be had for one more effort, and hell escaped for one more good work, yet they could not do it. They fall down, and there ther lie. a heap of helplessness, dead in ties passes and sine. Where is now the boasted power of their freewill? How it is to you who have fallen down-even to you-that the word of this salvation is sent. The Lord Jesus delights to lift up those that lie at his feet. He is a great overturned He hath put down the mighty from their. Wats, and exalted tbern of low degree. He that flies alojt the eagle's wings of pride shall be brought low by the shafts ol vengeance; buthe that bumblea him self to the dust shall be lifted up. He that has fa'len down, and lies in the dnotattbe feet of Jesus, lies on the doorstep of eternal life. The Lord will give power to the week, and increase strength to those who have no might. I rejoice whan pear any one of you own to his weakness, Bince the Lorn Jesus .will now show tenth His power in you, There was only one good point about these people -they did at Jast take to praying. 'Then they cried unto the Lord in their trouble.' It wasinot much of a prayer to hear. It was too shrill tobe musical; it was too painful to be pleaiant. They ciieo" like one in sore anguish. They cried like a child that has lost its mother. "Tbey cried like some poor wounded animal in great pain. Da you tell me that you cry, but that your cry 1B a very poor one ? I know it, and I am glad to hear you say so, for the less you think of your cry the more God will think of it. 1)0 you value yourself according to vour prayeifi V Then your prayers have no value in them' When you think that your prayers are only broken words, and hideous moans, and wretched df sires, then you begin to form a riaht estimate of tbem. and thus you are OD true ground, where the Lora of truth csn mtct you. " They; cried." Was it any credit to them to cry 1 Why, no, it was what they were forced to do so. They would not have cried to the Lord even then if tbey could have done anything elte. They cried when their hearts had been brought so low that ttey fell down. It Is a good tail when a man fal's on his knees. O, my dear bearer, whatever else you do or do not do, are you crying to Ood io seuret for His grace? Then, as surely as the Lotd liveib, you Bhall come out into liberty. A. Dra>ing man shall never oe Bent to per dition. There is that about prayer wbictt makes it a token for good, a piediie of blessings oa the road, a door of bopB in dark bom*. Whert* is the mBn that cries? Whtre is the «>an that prays? Tnat is tbe man if whom it shall be said-and of otheis like him-'* Tbe Lord brought them out of dark ness nod the sbidow of death, and brake their bands in sunder." May the Lord bless the description which I have given, so that some of you may see yourselves as in a looking-nlatB, and be encouraged to hope that tbe Lotd will save you as He has saved others like you. If you do not see youself in the text, take Lome tbe comfort of it. and make use of it. Do not look Bt it and say, '-This belongs to tomebody else, ?you bondage brother, you self-despairing sinner, you are the man for whom CbnBfe went up to the ci oss. If you saw a letter.directed.toi yourMlf, vould you not open it? I should thlnfcThe other day a poor woman had a little halo sent to Her by a frieud in a letter, she was io great distress, end she went to that very friend begging for a few shillings. "Why," said the fthe;, 1 senti you money jesterday, by an order in a letter. Dear, cenrl" taid th« poor woman, "that must be the letttr which 1 put behind the looking-glass.» Just to: ana there a*e lots of people who put God a letters behind the looking- glass, ana fail to make use of the promise which is meant for them, come a«l ye that labour and are beavy-Jaden, come and ta&ie; my Master's love, yea, take of it freely* and be filled with heaver lyreat. ??H ... XI. Secondly, may. God's spirit go with uai while we answer the question. How has this deliverance | been wrought? You thatbave been set free t,houl4 tell bow you were emancipated. Let me tell my btory first. It was the gladdest news I ever heard h«-n it was told me that Jesus died in my stead, 1 bat down in my misery, hopeless of salvation, ready to perish, till they told me that there wa* One who Joved me, and for love olme was content to yield His life for my deliverance. Wonder of wonders, lie bad actually borne tbe death-penalty for me. J hey said that the Lord o! glory had become man to B<*v« men, and that if I trusted Him I might know ussuiedly that He had suffered in my stead, and so bad blotted out my sins. I marvelled much as l heard tbis; but 1 felt that no one could have in vtntednews so strange. I heard the blessed tidings \- there was some comfort even in hearing it; but i believed it. and clutched at it as for life. Then did 1 begin to live, I believe tort truth to day. All my hope lies there. If any ol you wonder that I show tiaSt for the substitutionary sacrifice of Christ, you may cease to wonder. Would not Apy one ox you >tund up for his wife and children? This troth m t> ore to me than wife and children-it is everything to me. 1 am a Cammed man to all eternity if Cdrist did not die for me. 1 will put it no more softly than that. If my Bedeem®r has not borne my Bins in His own bt dy oo tje tree, then I shall have to bear tbem in my own body in the place of endless misery. I have no shade of a hope anywhere but in the sacri fice of Jesus; I cannot, therefore, give up ttas uutb-1 had sooner gi*e up my life. X beard that the Son of God had suffered in my stead that I might uo irte-I believtd it, and I said to myself, .. Then I ha*e no business to be sitting here in darknes* and in ihe shadow of death." I snook mysilf from my lethargy, I arose, and went out of my prison; and as f moved to go out, a light shone round about too, and my fetters fell clanktng to the ground. I What glorious musical Instruments they were, ine v» ry tnme- tbat had galled me so long now brought nifi joy. 1 found that the iron gate, which I thought could never be unlocked, opened to me of its own a-cord. I could not believe that is was true-it itemed too wonderful, I thought I must be dream ing 1 very soon knew of a surety tbat it was I my* s,ff. Tbe cold night air blew down the street of my oaily care, and 1 said, " Oh, yes, I am still on earth, and it is true, and X am free from despair, and delivered from the curse." This is how I came out to liberty-I believed in Jesus my Redeemer. To day. my dear brothers and siBters here, hundreds of them, would each one tell the story in a different \say, hut it would come to the same thing. Follow me while we go a little Into Scriptural detail, *nd learn from David how the Lord sets free tbe captives. ... _ , First, our deliverance was wrought by the Lord Himself. The Lord did It alone. He hath broken the gates of brass." Nobody else was there to aid in liberating the prisoner. When our I^rd. Jesu« trcd the winepress Be was alone. When the Spirit of God came to work in us eternal life He wrought alone. Instruments are condescendingly used to convey tbe word of life, bnt the life of the word is wholly of Go 1, An to tbe divine Father, is it not true of "flis own will bpgat He us by the word ol truth V He is the author of our spiritual life, and Be alone. None can share the work of our salva tion with Bim, and none can divide the glory. Ho, you that are captives, are you looking for some my to help *ou ? Hemember, I pray you, that there ^is .' none to help." *? Salvation is of the I^ora. Be mtmber, that verse, 11 Look unto Me, and be ye saved, all tbe ends of the earth; for I am God, and there is nc-De *lse f that Is to say, there « none else in the wcTk of salvation except God. O, soul, if tbou haat to do with Cbrift Jesus, thou mtut have Bim at the beginning* thou most have Him to the middle, thou must have Him in the end, and thou must have Him to fill up nook and corner from the fi rst to the last. He alone bath done it. ... . . Note, too, tbat what He did was done by the Lord's own goodness, for the PsalmUt says, that men would praise tbe Ijord for ^Is goodness*! His goodness took the form of mercy; aB# it ih saw in the first verse of this PtaUu MOgive tb&nss; unto *be Lord, for He i* good, f>r His mercy en* dureth for ev*r It must have been mercy, because those whom it blessed were as undeserving as they vere miserable. Ihey were guilty, flpulty }** action eod coitty in thougbt;they had rebelled agaio*t the « ords ol God, and c.ntemitfd the counsel o£ the Most High; yet He came and tet tbem iree. You ?id 1 aie al«&yfl; wanting to know before we pre hltna lo beggars. Ate they deserving people r God gives t ne alms of HI* mce only to the tmae servinp. We respond t» those who have a claim upon as; God rememben tuoae who have 00 claim whatever npon Him. -'Ah," aafg one, "bnt the people did cry." I know they did, bntthey aid not even do that till He fint of all broucht down their heart with labour. Prayer is a gift from God as well aa an appeal to God. Even prayer for mercy Is not a cense, bat a result. Grace is at the back of piayer, and at the base of prater. These prisoners would not have piayed If God had not wrought npon them, acd driven and drawn them to pray. .. i?o sinntr can be Beforehand with Thee, Thy erace ia most sovereign; Host rich and most free." 60 it has been with others, and therefore have I hope that ft will be so with you. my beloved hearer?. In the greatness of His goodness I trust try Lord will come and save yon. It is not your goodness, but Bis goodnesB, which Is tlw cwse ot iope-not your merit but His mercy Is Hie motive Iot bleBttoc you. How greatly do I rejoice to remember that the Lord delfghteth to mercy. It is His joy to pardon sin, and pass by tbe transgressions of tbe remnant of Hla people. Note, once again, that while we are describing this gieat deliverance. we cannot help seeing that the Lord .fleeted it most completely. What did He do? Did He bring them out of darraessl That was to give them light. Yea, bat when a man that is chained is only a little better off for getting ligbt, for then he can see his chains all tbe more. Notice what follows. 11 And ont of the shadow of death." So the Lord bbye them life as well as ligbt. That "shadow of death" is gone. It can no longer brood over their darkened spirits. Yea, but a man has ligbt ana life, if he is still in bondage when Ufe may make 1 bim Jeel his bondage tbe more vividly* and bis light ; may make him long tbe more for liberty. But it» acded, "and He brake their bands In sunder," which means liberty. The Lord gave light, We, and llbeity-these three things. ood does nothing by halves. He does not begin to save, and then say* " 1 have done enough lor you; I must stop mid way." Dear heart, if tbe Lord comes to your prison He will not merely light a lamp In your dungeon though that were something; but He will break your chain?, and bring you out Into the liberty wherewith Christ makes men free. He will finish Bis emancipating work. Do it, Lord. Do it now. Help men to believe in Jesus at this moment. M hen our Loxd had led us fortn from our prison He said to Himself, '< They ehaU be shut up again, for now I will make sure work of itand therefore Be brake tbe gates of brass, and cut the bars of iron in sunder. How then can any child of God be sbut up within tbe Gaza of sin again ? How shall we be condemned when the Lord hath put away our sin for ever ? No, the liberty received U everlasting liberty. We shall not see bondage any more. On, dear souls, I do want you to lav hold on this. You doomed and guilty men, you dowrcast and wearied men. there is everlasting salvation for you-not that which will save you to-day, and will let you go back to your bondage to*moriow; but that which * ill make you the Lord's free men for ever. If thou btllevest that Jesus is the ChtUt, if thou b'lieveth in Bim to save thee, thou shall be saved. It is not half taved. but saved. 41 He that believeth and is baptised shall be swed." That cannot admit that we should go to hell. Jesus says, " I give unco My iheep eternal life, and they shall never perish, reftber shall anv man pluck them out of My hand. "He bath broken tbe gates of brass,and cut the 1 am of iron in sunder." Lord help some poor souls to sing this song to«day, and receive at this moment everlasting salvation. , . III. I c/ose with a practical question-"What is to I be done about this ? If such people as we have de scribed have been brought into liberty, what is to be done about it 1 I do not want to tell you what to do. I would have you do it( by instiuct. Fain would I, like Miriam, take a timbrel, and go first, and bid all the sonB and daughters of Israel follow ire in this tong, "Singunto tbe Lord, for He hath triumphed gloriously. He hath brought out His captives, and set His people fre°." It naturally eug gtbts itself to tbe liberated spirit to magnify the i ord. So tbe Paalmibt pnt it" Oh that men would ptaise the Lord for His goodness." First, then. If the lord has set any of you free^ record it. See how Havid wrote H down. Write it io your diarv ; write it so that frlendB may read it. £sv, " The Lord hath done great things for us.' When you have recorded it, then praise Ood. Praise God with all your heart. Praise God every one of yoa. Praise ood every day. When you have praised God yourselves, tben entreat others to join with you. Tbe oratorio of God's praise needs a good cboir. The Psalmist therefore utters that great " Ohl" "Ob, that men woutd praise the Lord. I do not think he said "men " for the word nwnis in .italics-tbe translators are tccoaotable for it. Heme&Ub;,Oh that angels, oh that cherubim and t eraphim would praise the Lord. Oh that ail crea* lutes that have breath would piaifie tbe Lord ior Bis goodness. Even that would not be enough, but 1< t the mountains and the hills break forth before llim into singing, and let all the trees of tbe wood clap their bands Let the flea roar and the fulness thereof, the world and they th*fc dwell therein. With a great" Oh J " witb a miubty siuh over the holy buhinvss, whiih was far too gieat foT himself, David felt moved to call upon au others to praise the Lord 1 close with that My brotbets, my sisters, you that have been saved, praise God. Praise Him vi h the blessings tie has lavished on you I des cribe tbtiu in three ways.1 With your ligbt praise Him. Tbe mote you know, tbe more you see, the more jou understand, turn it all Into praise. Rext. vith yout life praise Him. With your pby<ical life, with your mental life, with your spiritual life, with life of every sort-even noto tUreal life-praise tbe Lord. Liberty has been pven us. het our freedom praise Him. 3elise that man who was made straight, who went out of the Temple walking, and leaping, and pTauing God. God has made you free, feel free to piaifie Bim. We must praise Him! We will praise Him! We do praise Him 1 We shall praise Him for ever and ever t Pratee Bim with tbe heart He Ibas changed, with tbe lips Be has loosed, with tbe lives He has spared. A 'ifctle while ago you conld not speak a cheerful woTd. but cow you can rejoice in God. Let those lips, from which he has token the Xnuzzle of dumb despair, be opened in His praise. Praise Htm with all tbe talents He has lent yon. If you have any power of thought. If you have any fluency of speech, praise Him. if you have my voice of soog, praise Him. If you have health and strength, piabeHim. Let every limb of your body praise Bim-those members which were servants of tin, Utthem be instruments of righteousness unto God. PraUe Him with your BUbstance. Let your gold and silver, ay, and your bronze, praise dim, Praise Him witb all that you have, and with all that you are, and with ail that you hope to be. Lay your all upon the altar. Make a whole burnt* offering of it Praise Him witb all tbe influence jou have. II Be has delivered you from tbe shadow of death, let your shadow, like that of Peter, be «.ome the instrument of uod'a healing power to otkers. Ttach others to praise God. Influence tbi-m by your example. Fill your hoope with ma ic from top to bottom ; perfume every room with the fragrance of living devotion. Make yonr houses belfrieB, and be youTSPlven the bells for eveT ringing out the loud praises of the Lamb of God. He bore your sins, bear vou His praises. He died for you, therefore live for Him Hebas heard your prayers, let Him bear your praises. Let us together sing, " Hallelujah to God and tbe Lamb." Let us stand unon out feet, and with one voice and heart-let us eing " Praise Ood, from whom all blessings Sow, Praise Him all creatures here below, Praise Hi<i above, ye heavenly host, Praise Fatbtt, Son, and Holy Ghost." 