A Fisherman's Ghost Story. "SAVED PUOJt THE OATjT,OWS." A cor'rospondont.of tlio Field narrates a story told in tho smoking-room of Sunach- Lodgo, Perthshire, after ii day's, piko fishing in Glonsunach ' Loch. " I havo known of a fisherman being visited by.a ghost,", said Roso, ono of tho party, " and as I am an old man I should liko tho Btory to ho preserved. I was living some fourteen miles from AVorcoster forty years ago, and was a koen; flisher- tnan. Ono day lato.in the season I had a good afternoon of trout fishing in the brook which ran threo miles from my houso, and 'on tho way homo in a very dark evening was drenched to tho skin- by a thunderstorm, iii spite of my efforts .to escape by. sheltering lio're and tlioro undor sheds, hedges, and the like. /Six months afterwards I was disturbed in bed by a loud voico in niy room, saying, 1 Get . tip, iind go to Worcester.' I started, rubbed iny eyes, sat up, and listened, but heard nothing, anil there was not a breath of air stirring out of doors. I wont off to sleep again, and was again speedily disturbed by tho saino cry. I now awoko iny wifo, and askcil if sho had hoard anything. ' Cortainly not,' slio 'replied, hut sho did not wonder I heard voices, af tor tho indigestible dinner I had made. This was small comfort, and again tho words sounded, this timo loudov than evor at my oar, ' Get up and go to Worcester.' I rose anil struck a light ; it was half-past 4 a.m., and pitch dark, with much rain I could see. Tho idoa of dosccmling, saddling tho liorso (for my groom lived at a distant cottngo), and starting to Worcostor in such a dolugo and with such darkness was not at all cheerful. But the samo words sounded move imporativoly than bofere at my car, and, tolling my wife I was going to AVorcostor for tho (lav, I Blipped on my clothes, let mysolf out, anil "began saddling a gray. AVitli soino surpriso I noted that, wlioreas sho always strongly resented this process by leaping and kicking, 011 this particular morning sho was por- fuutly quiet and tmotablo. T rode along tho dark and miry chain of roads which surrounded Millington with ease, partly from knowing thorn perfectly, partly because no 0110 was stirring, and towards dawn approached tho Severn, now iu full flood, wlioro it was necessary for mo to cross, if I did not caro to go on by tho windings of tlio rivor (a much longer roail), to tho city. Horo I ex- pocteil to spend half-au-hour bawling from tho hank till tho drowsy ferryman would' bo pleased to awako, anil como over to talco us across. Curiously enough, as I redo down tho bank I espied him waiting. IIo touched his liat, and said, ' All right, sir ; I hoard you. shouting, aud I oame ovor as quickly as I could.' Of oourso I novor slioutod ; but tho rain and cold forbade my raising any question on tho matter, aud I thankfully got ill, and was ferried across. I had about six miles to ride ou tho other sido, and it was half-past 7 when I vodo into AVorcostor, tirod and hungry. However, I put up iny beast, break fasted, and, not knowing what to do, strolled out into the city. A' ghostly summons had brought me thero, but I. had T10 farther guidance, so ono way s'eqnied much :tho samb as auothor. Noticing.a crowd, pressing towards tho Assize Courts, I tell in with them, and by dint of tippingand squeezing soon found myself listening to tho end of a murder, trial. Tho pvisonor, ono Llewellyn Morris, had just boon found guilty, and as I ontoi-ed tho Juilgo eallod upon him to say anything ho doBirecl against sentence being pro duced upon him'.: Tho accused scorned fariniliiir to mo, and yob I could not recall whore I had mot iiitn. IIo was a littlo man, and appeared, while a crowded court hung upon his fate with hroathloss anxiety, to be tho loast concornod of tho assemblage. Ho answered tlio Jndgo respectfully, but carelessly enough, that ho was ontirely innocont of tho murder, and was two or threo milos away from tlio iVlflrtn wlinrn if. wn.a p.nminiMnfl. Ho had a dofouco, " a hally boy" I10 hoard it was called, but I10 could not produce his witness. Tic had no idoa who his witnoss was, but', on tho night oE tho murdor I10 hail been fishing, anil lmd walkod a couplo of milos on tho roail homo, till thunder voarofl and tho rain decendocl liko a waterspout, with a goutlomnn whom ho had mot at tho rivorsiclo. At lougth tho storm was so fearful anil tho darkness so deep that thoy hail both divorgod from the road into a neighboring churchyard, and tnkon refugo in its porch until, half-an- liour af tor,, the tempest passed on. Ho had conversed that time with his neigh bor, and lmd 110 notion who I10 was, or I10 would clear him, as that storm took place immediately aftor tho old man had boon murdorod, anil it would havo boon physically impossible for him to lmvo stood in tho porch uuloss ho hnd beon far away from tho scone of tlio murdor at tho timo. - As it was, however, having 110 clue to his witness, ho was content to leave himsolf iu his lordship's hands. At onco I romomborod tluit this was tlio vory man who had stood with mo iii tlio church porch, aud, rising amid mncli oxcitqinent, offered iiiysoil: Id tliii Judge its u witness for tlio accused. After boing sworn, I wrote down ill; the Judge's request what wo lmd Talked of,' and . what '.answers the prisoner had limdo. ' Upon this tlio prisoner was examined, mid tho answers so tallied with wjidt I liiid written down that tlio Judge delivered another address to the jury, and. dolcting thoir previous vordict, tlio jury unanimously aud with out a moinont's hesitation acquitted him. AYo had talked, as it happened, of a curious legend in a neighboring lord's family, anil tlio prisoner lmd given 1110 somo information i.nbout'Tho Spawning of trout which, as a fisherman,' I hnd naturally romomhorcd. Years after wards a convict at Dartmoor 'Prison on his deathbed confessed that - ho alone was guilty ot the murdor for which my companion iu tho porch so narrowly escaped n! conviction. 