BALLARAT CHRONICLES AND PICTURES. THE FINE ARTS. BY W. B. WITHERS, Author of the “History of Ballarat,” “Reminiscences,” “Eustace Hopkins,” “The Westons,” &c.;, &c.; The old Main road days of the drama haunt me. The ghosts of the vanished faces flit about me and make me sad and old, in spite of occasional gleams of sunnier memory. Let me get rid of them once for all. The Holts appeared iu 1857 at the Victoria, and Mrs Charles Poole at the same time closed a season at the Montezuma. Clarence Holt and his wife were always well received here. He was a robust, strident player of melo drama, but I always liked bis Belpliegor. Not that it was perfect acting, but the actor was so hearty and well-satisfied with him self, and the sentiment of the part so respect able. Holt came back to me always when a more modern actor, Holloway—not he of the Essie Jeuyns company—strutted and bel lowed. I'liia Holloway rests in my memory as a man of ostentatious aitches. He aspirated tliem with a sort of furi ous emphasis that was iu a sense painful. He flung them, hurled them, catapulted 'them.'.at you as if they were solid blocks. There'were no l.c. aitches in Ills vocabulary. Every one was a capital letter of the largest type attainable. Vet I liked his melo dramatic boisterousuess, it was so very jolly. He had a massive and 'handsome wife, whose Juno figure and amplitude of bust was a perpetual study for one of my middle-aged brothers of the press. Her voice was a rich, full, Milesean one; his, as full but uot as rich, and, I fancy, midland county English. Hut I urn wandering from the old Main Road. Charley Walsh was acting manager at the Montezuma when J. P. Hydes was there in the latter part of 1857, playing his little comedy parts, with “The Xylophonists” and Signor Belline, the "Indiarubber boy in his terrific flying leap.” Walsh had a benefit there, with Paltzer and Pietro Canna, the drummer, as aids, Neil Warner having opened there also then in his Shakesperian and other parts, an actor of nearly first order. A week after Walsh’s benefit, namely, on the 20th October, Hydes and U aruer gave a benefit to Auna Gould, “ who has so prori deutially recovered from her severe acci dent.” Three days after poor Shearcroft had a benefit there. He was a good second to Waruer. He was killed by a fall from a carriage while on a country journey iu the pre-railway days. The day after Shearcroft’s beuefit the Nelsons (Carrie, Marie, and Sara) appeared in “ The fairy prince” and then in Akhurst’s “ Quite colonial.” The first dra matic reporting I ever did was for the Argus, wheu these ladies—tneregirlsas it were then— appeared with their brother and father iu Akhurst’s piece at the old Temperance Hall, iu Russell street, Melbourne. ' Akhurst was leader of the Argus reporting staff, a dark eyed, capable man, long since dead. Nelson pere dabbled in music and composed a song about his “ mandoline.” A pleasant ditty, as far as my memory serves me. Perhaps he was a great musiciau. I do not kuow, but I liked to bear ilis song and to look at his pretty daughter Carrie as she played in “ Quite Colonial,” a merry little skit upon the airs of servautgaiism and the other novelties of colonial life in those days. At the old Monte, too, I made my first acquaintance with Julia Matthews, that once prime favorite in burlesque aud light comediettas and dances, She appeared there on the 9th November, 1557, 'dancing “ The Spider Dance,” and then appearing as Gertrude in “The Loan of a Lover.” Hut this was not her first appearance iu Hallarat. In the earlier days before canvas had rightly ripened into weatherboard or biick or stone, Miss Matthews had been before the footlights. Mr Watson, au old stock actor, still here and playing, old as be is, a lone hand in the corps of St. Crispin, tells ine how Julia used to play here in the early days, and how she would shoulder her wallet of properties, child though she was, and accompanied by her mother go with the strolling company, of which Watson and our old friciid Nugent were members, hence to Creswick or other adjacent rush of tlie diggers. The Star noticing her appearance at tlie Montezuma said:—“After a lengthened absence reappeared this pleasapt little actress, aud as Gertrude she acquitted hefr self admirably.” In sooth Julia was then little and pretty, aud she always seemed so happy and good-natured that she was a uni versal favorite. Ah, me! she, too, is no more. Her brother, Fredei ick George Mat thews, who is the caretaker at the Academy of Music, has favored me with some par ticulars of his sister’s life. She was born in ISI4, at the Beaufort Buildings, Strand, Londou, and in her 7th year appeared at the Strand Theatre, dancing under the tuition of Madame Louise, a leading artiste of that time at the Strand. Her parents and family came with the gold rush to Australia, and Julia at once became a popular actress in all the places she visited. She married Mr W. Mumford, a shipping agent at Dunedin, still pursuing her professional career, and died in 1576 at St. Louis, in the United States. The love of the boards runs in the family of the brother. He acted as gasman and machinist in Ballarat iu 1559, ami has long held bis present position at the Academy. His son William is a soeDio artist of some merit, who first appeared with the Williamsons, of “ Struck Oil ” fame, at the Theatre Royal, Sturt street. He then took the brush in hand, having from infancy a taste for drawing, arid worked under the late Charles Massey, John Hennings, of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, Grist and Little, ami Thomas Price, the artist, who'is residing in Ballarat, accom panying us scenic artist several managers of companies iu their tours through Australia and New Zealand. Julia Louise, the eldest daughter of Mr Matthews, played as Willie in “East Lynne,” wheu Mrs Mary Giudstaue appeared here at the Theatre Royal, then took other. juve nile parts, her last being Buttercup iu “Piu»foreJ” at the Academy. She is married aud lives at Glenferric, Melbourne! Her sister Ada played with tlie as the child in “ The Qld Corporal,” at the Academy, ami took other child parts there. Her sister Sarah came out here os early as her aunt had at the Strand, playing Willie in “ East Lynne," under Miss Pc'meroy! anil also taking other juvenile parts. Lizzie, another sister, also took the inevitable part of Willie in “East Lynne,” with Miss Juno’s Company, and her stage action concluded with Mr Trelmir as Henri iu “ Belpliegor.” But still the tale is not euded. Her brother Thomas is now gasman at the Academy, aud James the youugest of the family has played jn several small parts on those boards. Truly a fruitful aud in many ways a ready-hand.ed race these Matthewses of the theatre. With Julia Matthews will he bracketteii in many people’s memory another Ballarut favorite, Carrie George, a useful actress in a rather wide walk of dramatic life. She tackled tragedy, comedy, and farce, was great in nothing, but respectable as a stock artiste in everything. Her father, like Wat- . son, was of the guild of St. Crispin, aud, unless his features belied him, was a near relation of the immortal humorist of Fleet slreet. Carrie married “ Bob” Lawrence, who was also a very useful stock actor. His features always gave one the impression that lie was constantly laboring to suppress some impulse of sardonic humor, and this oren in the most serious characters. He is dead, and tlie widow married a commercial traveller, and still (1S89) lives, the mother of a large family. Having already in these chronicles re ferred to the last of the old Main road theatres and the first ill permanent materials, I will now take my leave of the older ones by noting that ou the 17th April, ISGO, the burial of the remains of John Gibbs of tlie Charlie Napier hotel aud theatre took place, aud that on the same evening there was a benefit for his widow at that theatre. “Lucretia Borgia” was to have been played, but it wa3 put aside for the opera “ Attile,” as Miss Minnie Clifford had refused to take the part assigned to her in “ Lucretia.” 'To be continued. The phonograph has been turned to anew use' to record sounds given' by the heart and lungs' under ausculta tion. This should be invaluable ! ih consultation, as a true account of thS patient's condition can be sent to a doctor at a distance. 