MR. O' SULLIVAN ON THE POLITICAL SITUATION. A PUBLIC MEETING AND BANQUET. fbv trr.»ni»apir \ Bunghndorh, Sunday.— Mr. E.' TV. O'Sulli- vaa, M.P., held a successful meeting of hlB con stituents at the Temperance-hall, Queanbeyan, yesterday afternoon. Mr. Martin Bvrnes. J.P.. in the chair. There was a large attendance of farmers and selectors who listened with interest to on exposition of the new Land Bill. Mr, O'Sullivan gave an address on tho political situation, and was well received. A vote of confidence, moved by Mr. J. J. Wright, J.P., and seconded by Mr. I. B. Donnelly, of Bywong station, was carried unanimously. A banquet was given to Mr. O'Sullivan in the evening at (Jhiuery's rooms. Mr. J. Harold Watson presided, and there was a largo attendance of towns-peoplo and surrounding re sidents. Mr. Ryrio, M.P., was among the coxn- Sany and apologies were received from Messrs. ickens and Edmunds, M's.P. After the usual loyal toasts, the health of Mr. O'Sullivan was proposed. Mr. O'Sullivan, after returning thanks and explaining the provisions of tho new Laud Bill, said it appeared to him that tho science of government was a lost art in this bewildered countrj'. Notwithstanding that we had enjoyed representative institutions for 83 years, we woro still a generation behind some of tbo other Australian provinces in our political education. For example, we had no system of elf-gorernment for our country dintricts. Our Legislative Council was a relic of Toryism that appeared to bo liko a chip in porridge in a democratic country. We had no harbor trusts, and onr marine board was simply rurce. uur electoral law was in a de moralised condition.' Tho centralising sys tem of government wo pursued was inimical to the interests of tho country diatricts, and appeared to be worked in tho interests of Sydney alone. Our criminal law was a dis grace to our nineteenth century civilisation. The mining interest was grossly neglected, and tho great fishing grounds off the coasts wore undeveloped. The agricultural industry wan in adwarfed and crude state, nnd no attempt had yet been made to establish an agricultural college, or to impart a tcchuical education to the young peoplo of the country districts. In many other directions there was nothing but stagna tion or backwardocfls. It was time that all this was changed and New South Walos brought abreast of the times. There was urgent need for a more progressive policy and more pro gressive men at the bead of State affairs. To use tho words of Disraeli— " The preBout system of Government was a raiuous imposture on the credulity of the country." The Go vernment existed at the mercy of two or three members aud its chief characteristic was that of vacillation. It could do nothing definite except when it was in touch with the majority — asiin the case of the Laud Bill and payment of members. Otherwise, it was au organised hypocrisy, proaching frectrade, but acting on protective lines where thoy could do so sub rosa. Their supporters occasionally clanked their chains, but dared not break them. They were afraid that a change of Government would precipitate them into a general election, when the bank of tho Styx would be lined with their shivering political ghosts. Having passed the Land Bill, the Government were now in a cul dc sac, and were auxiously scanning the horizon in the hope that something would turn up to their advan- tange. It was time that the liberal and pro gressive instincts of the people were aroused, and that an effort was made to galvanise iho moribund thing known as our. national policy. Tho speaker then advocated a protec tive policy, a reform of tho Upper House, local government, water conservation and irrigatiou, light linea of railway, a mining oa private property bill, liberal mining laws, the develop- ment of our fisheries, the establishment of agricultural colleges and schools of mines, freo schools aud free scholarships, a scheme for the re-building of the defective portions of Sydney, tho encouragement of horticulture, meat freez ing and other congenial industries, tho re organisation of our military system and tbo establishment of a State militia, tho imposition of a tax upon the property of absentees and other measures. New South Wales was the most blest of all the Australiaa in material resources, but her obsolete policy had retarded her progress aud left ber 20 years behind her intercolonial bisters. By adopting such a policy as he hud outlined bo believed that the country would progress by ieapa and bounds and an era of prosperity would bo iuitiated that would benefit every class in the community. Mr, Ryrik responded for "The Parliament," and thanked Xlr. O'Sullivan for tho assistance he had rendered to tho Braidwood district. Other speeches wero made by Messrs. J. R. Leahy, George Gale, Harold Watson aud Shep- perd. Sir. O'Sullivan proceeded to Captain's Flat to- ; day. 