Mr T. R. Opie, of the Royal Hotel, has asked us to state that travellers interested in the share market can obtain latest quotations every day at noon, and at 5 p.m.—Advt. Rain. Warm. Drunks. Thieves. Muzzled. Football. £25 Reward. Dog poisoning. Gabderhackaben. Who is the villian ? Dogs becoming sc.ivce, A wet Saturday night. Holiday next Monday. \- Imperial hotel broken into. An awful bore—The gimlet. Please take this muzzle off ? All sorts of muzzles now worn. Mr W Everard, J. I? , is dead. Farmers insure your haystacks. The Lantern becoming personal. Signs of the times—Three balls. A base-ball game—Pawnbroking. Sports at the Lake, 9th November. More society robbers in Melbourne, 100.COO roeu out on strike in Loudon. Sentence commuted on Mrs Mtybriek. Another constable wounded in Victoria. £25 for muzzling the two-legged culprit. Complimentary Concerton the 11th Sept. . Something you can't see through—A glass eye. When a train telescopes the passengers see stars. Makiug money fast—Tying it up in real' estate.. Study well the human body, the mind is not far off. : " Jack "the Ripper" among the do»s in Terowie. ° It doesn't hurt a missionary to be shot in his tracts. Who said. " I'll have all the dogs in Terow'e destroyed ' ■ The Honorable the Treasure • never wrote that leader. The Burra paper has hashed one of their own red leaders. Union shearers imprisoned in Sydney for intimidation. The Narracoorte Libel Fund—F. J. Brad ford, J. P., 5s. Two brothers named Carroll killed in Syd: ney by a train. Mr Treasurer Holder congratulated" on his Budget Speech. A good man with bad friends i3 liable to be misunderstood. Quick method to acquire short-hand—Fool with a buzz-saw, Xhe lhVn who holds four aces carries things with a high hand. A matter of some weight—Proposing to a 200-pound widow. Cockburn is to be a polling p7aee for the dis trict of Newcastle. Mr Holder is said to be the most worthy Minister of the new Government. Misfortunes are said to come in pairs, bnt the first one surely came with an apple. One needs a knowledge of maukind before one can be simply and wholly oneself. Happiness is a roadside flower growing on the highway of usefulness and prosperity. The good that is done in a pleasant way accomplishes most and is most lasting. The Burra paper spreads itself upon the burn ing question " Guilty or not guilty." Explorer Stanley seems to be a good deal like a woman's pocket. Hard to find. Mr J. Evans, of Blyfch, received a nasty leg wound from, a bullet on the rifle range. The race of mankind would perish did they cease to aid each other.—Wordsworth. No matter how good a man may be, when he ships as a seaman he gets into a mess. Speech is silver, silence is golden, giggling is brazen, and laughter is often ironical. We often do more good by manifesting sym fchy than by all the labour we might bestow. Two Justices and two officials take up the footpath, two ladie3 go on roadway to pass by, The Dock Labour's strike in London becom ing most serious, 250 steamers waiting to un load cargo. A mustard plaster is very sympathetic. When it can't do anything else for you it draws your attention. . .. One great trouble with those who go to the bad is that they do not think to provide them selves with a return ticket. Those who have been scalpel by Indians agree tliat the performance is only a shade more pain ful than posing for a photograph. Many persons criticise in order not to seem ignorant ; they do not know that indulgence is a mark of the highest culture. The path of life is beset with horns, and those who are not afraid to encounter tiiem may gather the rave flowers that grow between. An author, ridiculing the idea of ghosts, asks how a dead man can get into a locked room. Easy enough. With a skeleton bey. A youngster named John Jones, a clerk in the Empire Building Society, Melbourne, ab sconded with over £1,000 and a female compan ion. The Burra paper says:—"We fail to find one single fact to prove that Mrs May brick was poisoned by his wife, who has throughout said she was innocent." And now my dear brethren, what shall I say more ? thundered the long-winded minister. Amen ! came in sepulchral tones from the ab sent-minded, deacon in the back of the church. It coat £44 lis 8d for our Railway Commis sioners to inspect the proposed railway routes between BIyth and Gladstone and Biyth and Hrj'stal Brook. They were three and a-half days at the laborious undertaking. A profound scientist says that nobody need he afraid of a male wasp. This is encouraging. When a man is stung by a wasp after this, he will know at onee that it is a female wasp, and he can treat it with the courtesy and respect due to the sex. 