l’OOil MRS. MOSSOR (FflOJI THE WORLD.), A nulot corner iu n crowded Loudon house * in the height of the Lcmd.*.; season ; palm trees uml exotic ferns raising. their leathery 1 arms overhead; m tsses ot roses dispersed hround ; the air heavy with perfume; intense heat,tempered by hugo blocks of ice placed m cunniugly-eontrived nooks; a dai:zlo of hgut at the end of a,long gallery, uud a vision oi all that is loveliest uud wealthiest anil most fashionable in the world o:t l' on s amuse ; the intoxicating strains of the newest waltz played by tho best band in Loo do u ; a young man and* a young woman, unheeding uml unconscious of their surroundings, oblivious to all save themselves and imcIi otner—in short, * the old, oil story/ But there is no happiness apparent* on either counteuanee. On the young man's, auger and pain aro striving for the mastery; on the young woman s appear anxiety and impatience. ' Atlengtu lie says, iu a low, trembling voice, * And only this Mnn*niug*you gave me your promise/ ‘ I Know I ilid,’ she answers hurriedly. * But I told you to say notliing. about it to inyono. You’ve not clone so, have you F Ho shook Ins head. 4 You see,’she went on, ‘you took me so by surprise, and 1 hardly knew want I was saying. 1 felt even then that I must have time lo think it over, uud now I’ve done so, and X lind it’s no use dreaming of it. I simply cannot, Gnarlie. It's no good allowing oneself to have 1'eeimgs. Oi.eTmiwt profit oy wiiat one secs amongst one’s, friends. I have known so many who have married for love, and regretted it before tho year was out. And I’m not good tempered when, thiugs go wrong *, and 1 can’t do without luxuries and comforts, and nU that I have been used to, as some girls can. \Yc should only be miserable, " and grow to liato each other, and Idon’twuut that. We can only be friends, you know. There is no reason why wo should quarrel’— the usual sophistry of a girl who wishes to disentangle herself when tho man to whom she has given every possiblo encouragement brings matters to a crisis. A look of aeuto suffering came into the young fellow’s earnest eyes as he listened. *So be it,’ ho said, with a sigh, 4 muco so it must be. But it is worse tlum useless to talk oi ft'umkhip, for the present, at n 11 events. You know as well as I do that iriendship between us now is either impossible or wicked. You throw mo ovor now becauso I am poor, not, as I understand, beenus<3 you do not cure fur me, or could not do siMf you , allowed your feelings to guide you. Tell me, is tli is so r’ 4 0 Charlie, don't torture mo!’ (IIow cleverly they do it, theso women _ o£ tho world !) 41 have shown you that it is im possible for me to marry you. Don’t let us talk any more about it. We shall both of us forget it after a bit; apd, as I^suid just now, we cun always bo friends. Lot us go back into tho ballroom. I have thrown over two men already, and some of them will be hunting us out if I stay here any longer. You’re nut angry with meF she continued, laying her hand on his arms and looking into his eyes with the winsome grace winch had bewitched him and held him captive for months past. For one moment he laid his other hand on hers and held it fast; then b}' a strong effort he mustered his feelings and dropped it, and, rising from the sofa where they wero sitting, offered her his arm, saying, 4 Angry '< No, it is not a question of anger any more than of friendship. You have given mo greater pain than f have ever had to beat* in mv life, but I have no doubt I shall get over it in time, as many another man has dune before me; but not till I have put some thousands of miles between us, and made it impossible to meet you again/ * 0 Charlio / slio exclaimed. 4 What are you going to do r You won’t go to tho bad becauso of this! Promise mo that you' won’t do that/ A curious expression crossed his face us ho replied gmvely, 4 No; I trust I may never come across any one, man or woinun, who would make such a fool of me ns that. But I cannot risk meeting you again, for many, many years, at uU events. I don’t at all know yet what I shall do—for I confess, Janet, I did think you .cared for wm..H.nrl ' • meant mo to Iniowit. However, lot that pass. I shall go away somewhere, anywhere, at once. You will not seo mo again iu Loudon after to-night, and, perhaps, never in your life even hear of mu again. But if you ever should, I promise you it will not be anything 44 bad/’ Hero is St. John, coming to look for you, I suppose. Good-byo 1 I hope you may rind some richer man who will lovo you as well, and devote himself to you us truly us I would have done.’ Five minutes later tho young woman was dancing and laughing and Hilling, the gayest of the gay; no cloud on her brow, and no apparent sign of troublo to mar the serenity with which she received the universal homage paid to her beauty. And the young man was walking to Iris lonely lodging until grief at his heart, and striving hard to repress the tears which would riso to his eyes. * A few days later great was the consterna tion expressed, and many the questions asked, in tho mess-room of one of the crack cavalry regiments at Aldershot, when it was known that Charlie Vavasour had sent in his pape-.s. 4 It’s either money or a woman, you may take your dick,’ opined a youth, with a face as smooth as a girl’s ; 4 there’s nothing else possible/ All his hearers laughed, font was no secret that the boy himself was in a chronic state of misery on both scores. 41 doubt it,’ said an older man. 4 Charlie is not rich, but he is “ his own father and mother.” He has never been extravagant, and always seems to have money when lie wants it. And as for its being a woman, I suppose I know him better than almost any one, and I never knew him care for one more than another. No, no; depend upon it he’s chucked up in disgust at not being able to get to the Cape, I know he would have givcu his eyes to go on service and get liis promotion soon enough to give him a chance of commanding tho regiment one of these days. If that is his reason, I must say I thiuk he's wise to go at once. What’s the use of a man grinding on half liis life, and then having to leave nolens coleus when lie’s 1 too old to begin on anything elseP But no one ever knew the truth; and so after a tirno Churlie Vavasour was practically forgotten by his old comrades, as every one is forgotten who disappears from the whirl pool of 4 society/ Ten long years have passed away, and Charlie Vavasour is standing on the platform of tlio railway station at Winnipeg, the capital of Jlau'itoba—the large town which has sprung up as though by magic in the midst of the boundless prairie. He has gone through many vicissitudes and trinLs, but has steadily worked his way through them all, and is now a rich man, and the owner of one of the largest and most nourishing ranches in the Far Vest of Canada. All through these ten long years he has periodically been seized ■with a craving for •home.’ tint it is only lately that ho has felt himself justified in yielding to his desire. Now, however, ho is • on his way to England, and has stopped at Winnipeg on business, which, being settled, he has strolled down to the station to watch tho arrival of the train going west, whilst waiting tho time for his own departure east wards some hoars later. The train is ‘ on time,’ as the local phraseology has it, and the passengers,' who have spent threo weary duvs and nights in the cars, harry out, even those who are going on farther being anxious to stretch their legs and gain what enjoyment they may by walking up and down tho platform during the half-hour which the tram waits. It is the beginning of winter; the snow lies thick on the ground and u piercing wind is blowing. Xcvertlieloss, tiny ail turn out, only too glau to escape for u while from the stilling utmos phero of tho overheated _ars. A woman stepped down from tho colonists’ sleeping car. She was badly clothed, and looked dirty and untidy from long travelling ; but something ubout her struck Vavasour as familiar, though -Ho hardly. mi\v her face, | which was hidden from him, whilst j she helped throe children who were following her to descend. When sho turned round, ho started violently, and, with amuttored ‘ Is it possible!’ strode ttfSkitpls her. ‘Janet!’ was all ho could had '.voice to utter. j For u moment, as she looked up at tho bronzed and bearded man . who thus ad dressed hor, alio failed to recognise him. But only for ft moment; uud then * Charlie ! Mr. Vavasour! yowhoro/’ broke from her lips, 'while a crimsju Hush rose to her forer They gazed dumbly at each other for some seconds, and then one of tlio children pi licked nt her gown, cry in g, 4 Whore is father ? ho hasn’t como to meet us. Ho said ho would.’ It broke the spoil; and Vavasour, rcoovor ing himself, asked, 4 What is tlio meaning of. this l1 What brings you licre'r* * Ah !’ she exclaimed bitterly ; * you mny well ii>k. You don’t know; of course you’ve never hoard. I’ve sometimes wondered whether you might have soon in a newspaper, or hoard "from »uy one at home, that 1 married Captain Mossop—you remember Bob Mossop Remember him ! Of course ho did. One of his own brother officers, the sou of a wealthy stockbroker, and the richest man in the regi ment: an mtmiruulo rider, and a cheery, generous young fellow, popular wherever ho went, but a confirmed gambler. 4 You married Mossop !’ Vavasour exclaim . d, ns an inkling of what was to follow passed through liia mind. * AVhuro is ho f AViiut brings him out here V 11 cannot toll you all now,* she replied, * but „o are ruined—-have lust every lartuing. Wo came to America four years ago, hoping that he miirlit find something to do. Ho tried everything; but we have gone on from bad to worse, only getting deeper and deeper in debt. At last he came here, ami has found Home work, loading ballast on the trucks; so he wrote to mo to bring the children, and said ho would moot me if ho could, or, if not, I was to go to the-house’ (naming ono of the meanest hotels in the place, where all tiro bud), 4 and wait for him there. I must go there now, the children liavo hud no breakfast; but do como andseo mo later, and lot mo tell you all. O, if you could help us to something better!’ Whilst she spoke, the spell which had held Vavasour for nil tlio tea years past was rudely broken. Was it possible that tins querulous, hard-featured woman was the beautiful girl whose memory had haunted him by night and by day over sinco that memor able night!* A" sort of anger roso up in Jus heart against Jilt as ho thought of tnc long, wen it exile ho had endnrod tor her sako. But pity ‘mastered Hellish feeling—pity not only for her, but for his old comrade and their innocent children, so he promised to seek her later in the day. When ho reached the'dirty, rowdy tavern which she had named as her destination, lie found that Mossop had been there, but had again gone to his work, ho waited, nud whilst doing so listened to tlio detailed ac count of their misfortunes. It was a sad, but, alas ! not altogether ex ceptional story. Clearly who had married Mossop for his money, and for two or three rears they had livod a life of uudboumled ex travagance. In liis mind’s eye Vavasour •ould picture it all—the career of a professional jcnuty and a reckless gamble; a house in Condon, a hunting-box at Holton, a inoor m Scotland, a yacht at Cowes; . open house jverywhere on the most luxurious scale; a argo liming establishment, with more than loubtful horses heavily bucked ; high stakes Lud unheard-of bets at poker and baccarat; i futile attempt to recover losses by criminally lesperate gambling at Monte Carlo; and hen a crash in tlio City ; a father not only ■uinod, but disgraced, and disappearing no mo knew whither; Bob Mossop himself with lis wife and three children literally beggars, md owing largo sums in every quarter ! ‘ You know,’ sho Raid, * that I had nothing, tml it was worse than nothiug, for I owed ny dressmaker several hundred pounds. I neant, indeed I meant, to pay her as soon as * was married and lmd some money ol my nvn. But I don’t know how it was, I tlways seemed to be wanting moro and .more hings ; and when they know I’d married a icli man, they loft oil’ bothering nbout being laid, and I went on, thinking I could pay hem whenever I chose; and then, .when we'd lost everything, it was dreadful the way ho bills came pouring in. 0 Mr. Vavasour, if you only knew what I’ve gone through theso last five years you would pity mo, in deed you would 1 Bob took a ■ vow that lie would never touch ft curd or bet a-sixucnco again iu his life, and lie s kopt it religious!}. But no luck over seems to como our way, unless meeting you should bo so. Do try and help us I Just think wliat it is for me, after all I’vo been used to, to have, to do anything for myself and him and tlio children. Look at my hands !’ Hard and rough and scarred they wero, indeed, uoreeognisablo. But Charles Vava sour had learnt many tilings during his exile, and amongst them that soft white hands wero by no means a necessary accompaniment of the qualities which he loved and reverenced in a woman; and the hardness or softness of those now held up for his commiseration was about the last thing he would at the present moment have heeded. The shattering of his idol was as yet too recent for him to have fully realised how completely and irreparably it was broken, and he was, .moreover, full of that kind of tenderness which a man seldom entirely loses for the woman whom lie has at once hoped to call his wife;. so during her pitiful recital lie had been turning overi.u his inind the possibility of finding suitable work on his rancho for his old comrade. But her selfishness shocked and grieved him, and it was, therefore, in a somewhat ibrupt manner that he roso to depart, >uyiugf as he took his hat, ‘ 1 am very sorry for you, and do not at present seo i»y way towards helping you and Mossop. But I will think it over, and should bo glad to see him onco more it he cun manage to meet mo at the station half an hour before tlio train going east leaves.1 Ho held out his hand, which sho took m both of hers, and then, with a slmdowt of her old grace, said, ‘Vou are no ^ot yet/ he replied. 4 But when I return all hope to bring a wife with mo. .1 am L of loneliness.’ What prompted him to answer ho could never have told. Until , moment no idea of marriage ever crossed brain, and six hours previously he would 3 sworn to live and die true to the memory is one ideal. bo still held his hand, and, looking up in faco with her haggard, faded eyes, said in w voice, 4 Charlie, I must tell you ; I 3r rcully eared for anyone but you. I ; you away,because I wanted to marry a inai^j-spufc I hated doing it, and have r miserable ever since, and all tlirongh »o years I have thought of you and longed £e "dropped her hand quickly, and said f sternly, 4 Never let mo hear such words in, Mrs. Mossop. Tho past is the past, , you cannot recall it. Let it rest , in its vo for ever. Good-bye!’ and without therlook he wus gone. An autumn morning in the most perfect of autumn climates. The sky without a cloud, air more invigorating than words cun describe, and not a breath of wind. Charlie Vavasour and his wife are riding quietly over the prairie. They have boon for a wolf-lmut with their deer-hounds, nud after two capital runs hhvo riddou on to p.n outlying pari of the ranclic, whore Captain Mossip lias charge of some horses and. cattlo. They have had u cup of coffee with him and his "family in his comfortable though rude log-hut, and are now on their way homo to breakfast. ‘I cannot think where I’vo seen Mrs. Mossop before,* says Mrs Vavasour. 4 Do you know who she was, Charlie? I seem to know Iter face quite well, but can’t remember where I’vo soon it.’ Vavasour hesitates for a moment, and then says, 4 Do you remember a photograph I showed you of Janet Etheridge?’. ‘That lovely girl whom you said was the only ono you" ever cured for until you mot mo l Yes"; of courso, I remember her. You said site wits dead.’ 4 Forgive me, dear/ ho says, smiling, 41 only told you lmlf a truth. Her ghost still haunts the world, and you have seen it this morning.’ Mrs. Vnvakonr for a second or two looked puzzled. Then riding closoup to her husband and laying her hand caressingly on Ills arm, said : ‘ You meant that all that had made hor lovable to you wus dead ?’ Ho nodded. 4 Ah, Charlie I then now I can understand why you so often speak of her as 44 Poor Mrs. j Mossop ’ I 