WHO DID IT? a story in poor chapters. , chapter i. What, air ! You b&ve; the face to come here and say that you want to ab sent yooraelf from the office to-day for the purpose of playing cricket ! Once for all, Mr. Richard, let me tell you — ' Now, look here, uncle. What on earth's the good of working' yourself into au apoplexy about nothing ? We are playing Belford to-day. It's the great match of the season, and I must play, because they depend on me. There's no business doing, simply because all Colyton will be at the cricket- field ; and 1 think it's awfully hard fines on a fellow that he can't get a little recreation now and then, especially when he works like a nigger and there's no need for it. ' No need for it ! Because a parcel of idle gossips talk about me as being a millionaire, and look upon you as a millionaire in prospective, you choose to think that there's no need for you to Bftrl at) T hace tsnrtcui &n;/l oe father did before yon. — Don't yon delude yourself into a belief in any such non sense, and just remember that by a | stroke of the pen ' | Scene — Old Jethro Seaton's study at Colyton Hall Speakers—Old Jethro himself, a retired aolicitor, reputed of great wealth, but aa careful of every penny spent, and as careless of his own appearance, as if he were a pauper : and his nephew, Dick Ottery, a fine athletic yonng fellow of five-and-twenty, who with his sister Maty, now seated at her work in the window, had been left orph ans at an early age under the guardian ship of their uncle. ,,, ' I suppose you mean that you'd dis inherit me ?' retorted the young man. acs, a uu, oaiu \j uulc iiciudi bui- phatically. Which would be a peculiarly' just and graceful proceeding, considering that my father helped you to make yonr money,' growled Dick I suppose yon'd leave it to that silent; sneaking fellow Claude Shute, who comes pottering and smelliug about here after Mary? — I tell you what it- ie, uncle, I'm getting tally sick of this sort of thing. Here am I condemned to drudge away at your office day after day from ten to six, just as if I was a poor banker's clerk, with hardly enough pocket-money to pay for beer and 'baccy, just because you won't be fair and treat me like a man, instead of like a boy.' ' Very well, then, sir,' roared the old gentleman, who, although he was seventy, bent, wizened, and gouty, had sound luugs. 4 Go and make a way for yonrself in the world, and see how admirably qualified you are to fight an uphill battle J Try it ; you have my permission ; I daresay I ciu Gil your place at the office easily enough.' ' If it wasn't for Mary, I would,' replied Mr. Dick, angrily. 4 But I know that if I went, Claude Shute would be after her. The girl rose from her seat — a pretty girl, with a kind, rather a sad face, and laid her hand quietly on her infuriated brother's arm, saying : ' Do keep still, Dick, for my sake and added in a whisper : Go off to the cricket-field ; uncle's bark is always worse than his bite.' Dick would have perhaps taken her advice ; but the old 'man's next speech, stung him to the quick Well, eir,' he said, 4 and if Mr. Shute does choose to pay bis attentions to your sister, why shouldn't he ? He's every bit as good as you are by birth, and a greatdea1 better in breeding.' 'That sneaking, 'short-sighted muff as good as I am 1' exclaimed the young man. ' Looks like a Socialist or a Moonlighter — that's what he looks like ; and I daresay, if you took the trouble to inquire into his antecedents, you'd discover some rum truths.' ' Dick !' whispered Mary, ' remember you are insulting me, when you speak like that.' ' You're only a woman, and can't see much beyond your nose,' retorted her brother. Because that fellow has the gift of the gab and can quote poetry and all that tommyrot, you think he's a what d' ye call it — a paragon. If the man could do anything — even play lawn- tennis, the last refuge of daffera— he'd be worth something. I'm mot going to have a muff like that for a brother-in- law, and I'll tell him so pretty plain if he comes humbugging about here much more.' 'Mary,' interposed her uncle, 'they have discovered au old Roman cut on Bury liii), and the Archaeological as sociation are going to inspect it I may try and get as far, so don't expect me in to lunch.' ' Very well, uncle,' said the girl ; and having helped the old man with hie overcoat, she accompanied him to the door and bade him good-bye. Dick took no ' notice of the old gentleman's departure, but remained it the window, whistling and gazing out at the tangled wilderness which had once been a pleasant, formal, old-fash ioned garden. . - Mary linked her "arm. with, his and said gently Dick, I am really almorat ashamed of you. Poor old uncle Ts touchy and peculiar, I know ; but you might respect him better than to talk to him sb you da — Remember, if he hadn't taken us to 'his house after father's death, things would "have, beenvery different with us.' . 4 He was only doing his duty," .replied her brother. ' He. "has no kids of his own. Father .-helped Jum-to «n»he his fortune, so that, I'm blessed if I 806 under what peculiar obligation - we are to him.— Well, Pen not going to stood it, and that's positive. — A?id just look here, Mary — I'm awtolly fond of yoa and all that; hut that follow 'Shute is not coming here to spoon you. . 'Surely that is my business, Dick-f ' No, it isn't; replied her brother. . Uncle thi nka because 'he ; himself is learned- and fond of reading, every- ; body else .with the same taStes jmust be worth something. ' Itaow'hetter, end X don't trust Mr. Shute. liik« a follow if' 'f'to back door, for the cricket- j field adjoined Jettao "Seaton's. property iand a path led through the tangled de- j 6e' gardeu to a door in the wall which opened on to it. " . In truth, -poor Maiy Ottery's life was , by no means happy and easy. Old Jethro Seaton loved her dearly,, and was . kind to her ; but -he required a great | deal of loving in return,' and translated the most trifling neglect and the most unwitting forgetfulnese into want of appreciation and affectum. Altercations between him and Dick were of daily occurrence, and, in spite of. all the. girl's efforts.at mediation, seemed' to get more bitter as the opponents ' respectively: grew older. Bot. worse than this by far was. the extraordinary and, ho Maty, : unaccountable dislike entertained by her : brother towards Claude' Shute. Shute : was certainly mot -one of those men who win popularity amongst their own sex,' or who captivate the feminine eye -so j etsily' as do men of the hearty, true- Briton stamp of; Dick. He was ordin arily a quiet, reserved, eiilent young man, although upon occasion he could blaze fotth into A frAnifO I film BrfiinW — WOUS4I 0CCU1CU suitable to his dark complexion and his generally oriental' appearance. He had never feathered an - oar, nor dropped a goal, nor fielded a ball in his life ; but Mary knew him as a quiet, unassuming, studious English gentleman, and .loved him accordingly— partly because per haps his own nature ' harmonised better with hers than would that of. her brother's typical men — fine animals, but little else. Dick Ottery had: been gone about an hour, and Mary was alone in the gaunt, - half-furnished old hodse, . .when. Clande Shute came in. = The girl .greeted him joyfully, but she doted at once that he was sad. ' I am glad yon are here nlone, Mary,' ha said 1 am lunnad anrl nialr ah'linna I and I made up my mind that X. would come and make a last appeal to yon to put me out of my suspense. Will you- decide my fate here .now oue way. or the other ? 1 have waited patiently,1 as yon bade me wait two years ago ; but hope deferred, yon know, ' maketh the heart sick.' Yon know that -what you call yonr fate, Claude, has long been decided,' re plied Mary ; 4 bnt if yon mean, am I ready to marry yon, a&Ihave; promised, I cannot answer you as you would wish.' ' Are you still,then, afraid of the bull dog ?' ' No ; I am not afraid of him ; but my mission in this house is to try and keep peace as long as I can ; and if I were to leave it as yonr wife, each mis chief would "ensue between my ancle and my brother, that I should never cease to reproach myself for having practically withdrawn the only influence . which might have prevented it' ' But, Mary, surely it is not jast that our happiness shonld be blighted simply because an obstinate old gentleman and a hot headed yonng one do not choose to agree? We might wait- ten years longer before our opportunity would come.' ' If I can wait, Claude,surely you- can. Bat I do not think that it need. be so long as that. Dick may marry, or — God forbid that yon. should think I am calculating npon euch an event !— or my nncle might die. Remember, he is very old, and every month' almost increases his ailments, although he does get about wonderfully. If Dick mamed,he would have concerns enough of his own to at tend to without bothering about curs. If nncle should die, Dick won)dbe.a.jriril man, and would spon make. 'Dolly Copplestoue his wife. I can wait, Claude.' Her lover was silent, ' Maiy, he said at length, 'do yon think- that yonr brother thinks I am afreiflp blm ?' 'I daresay he doGlande. You know he cannot aaocie Jib- finathletic, unsporting pum t'fupy ql the ruder virtues, such as plucthstibhoodjunds© forth. — Why do you-asfi?' ' Because I would; very spon show him that I am not;' replied Claude quietly ; 'audit is this as much ns any thing— (his notion that he - thinks .1 am afraid of him — that makes me wonder if I am acting like a man in only coming to see yon when I know ho is out of the way. « No, no, Clande ; yon. are doing so at my request,— Dick would be sure to insult you; and I do know that yon have a temper, although ! never feel.it ; you would fire out ; there . would be a regular row, and 'matters would be worse than they were before." Well, Mary, you are generally .right ; . T D-t If. to .Tonrrr at least i iduu wj. ou> h » -j work waiting, ; and,- the. cause for the necessity is to1 me rather hunuhating. I wish your, brother would marry .Dolly Copplestooe and take himself off Itfo very hard for the hhppioesa of two people to be dependents the; whims of a pre judiced man. " rl've' "never done yonr brother any hartn',;and I .wish none to come to him ; and1 because I. don'fc see the fun of running about in the sun after one kj.odlJof ; Uather.- ball, or of foiling about in the mud after another, pr of blistering my hands with an oar, or . of getfing my 'fe®6 knocked ontof shape by ia boxipgglovie, "he- doesn'tthink-Jin a fit candidate for the hiwd of 'his Sister. So I mnsf go pn ; waiting either until-he marries, or untile — r. 1 'Only for a whilaj" 'Clande. Remem ber, that aU thingsveime 1»;Mm?who waits. — And now, :wiliyon mind::if 1 go awa $ - i«M 1®- P# faithfully that I .wpuld come; on the ground to see Colytonbeet Belford, a«M besides one meets .ep pn tTiese pcca- rions whom one rarely - ?spea at'- other times.' ' Of coqjfsp , Ijdj>ni jKiin, Mary, -Sriq Claud ; 'anything 'Which1 mates . yon happy pleasfo-ma.'/ 'But rmrfearfnlly ; depressed, and I n't-mpare.fpr. ' That's very ' foolis'h,', -said r'the: jgirij l-.gt.ing_ 'Famtiiwtqftkno?? trary, Mrem-to ff'ionjg :|o' (newiing j&rtliiig;,' aa-0 that Fm not the nqor Jlpipie chapter ii." ' Mary returned early from the cricket- field, for her nncle might come back at any moment; and she knew that it irri tated and pat faim oat to find the honse empty. He had riot, however, returned, so she seated herself at . the window, which looked over the neglected expanse of a once pleasant lawn, bounded by a ruddy old. wall, atont which clambered in QDkempt profusion plums and pears and nectarines, and reviewed.the events which were taking place in her little world. The 'result of an honr's medi tation over Ciande'e not nnnatnral im patience and disappointment, and the state of affairs between her nncle and her brother, so evidently getting from bad to worse, was that she had a good cry, and was found with her face buried : in her hands, by Dick on hia return from the match. - 'Well,' 'she said with assumed sprightliness, 'and who. won?' - 'Oh, we. beat 'em by five wickets. — Yon didn't, see my smack, did you ?' 'Your smack, Dick? Why, yon haven't been hurl; have yon?' asked mary anxiously. ' No, no ; I mean my hit. Yon kDOw that the wickets were pitched closer up to the garden wall than nsnal. Well, they pnt on Slows, and I got a half-volley to square leg which I couldn't resist, so I put all my beef into it and sent the ball- spinning away over the wall. "Lost ball 'Vof couree itr was, and I got six for it, for yon might look for a' week' in the' garden without finding a cricket baiL.— Where'e the old man ?' ' He has not come bick yet, and I'm getting anxious.' " 'Ob, he's all right,' arid her brother. ' Why, -he'd stay away for a week on the chance of finding a lot of . dirty old stones and a bit of broken pottery. Besides, he' often goes away, stays later' tnan be intended, and puts up at some fellow's house for. the night. — But what are yoii crying about T 'I'm not eying, Dick.' ' I'll swear you were when I came in, and your' eyes are red now.' 1 Oh, 1 1 think Fm a little put out, and perhaps I'm ahxioos about uacle: — that's all.' ' Not you. That beggar Shute's been here. Lucky I wasn't in.' ' I think yon are very nnfeind and un just about " that beggar Shute," as you are pleased to call him ; and rm-sure I -don't know why.' 'Because I hate fellows of his kidney, poor as church mice, who come sponging", and sneaking and cadging about for wtfat they can get.' He's already got round" the old mam' and. he's got round yen, and he's only, got to get -ronnd me. and- his artful game is won. — Now, if It was a chap like Jack Straddles of Pommel Hall, I'd say nothing.' " He's the sort of man I'd choose for a brother-in-law ; aud he'd stand on his head for a week; with a little encouragement from yon.' ' Mr. Straddles ie not a man to my taste. He has only got - two topics— spprting and etablee.' And two very good topics they are ; better than rhymes and old stones and nigger langnages and that sort of thing, Ail I can say is that Shots shan't be your .husband. with my consent.' Mary's heart was fall, and she was longing to speak up In vindication of hier lover bnt she knew that it would not only be fruitless, but that it would serve to anger her hot-headed brother still more against him'; so she remained silent. As Dick insisted, they did not wait dinner, and had a- silent, uncomfortable sort of : meal - -together ; Dick being rather ill at c ease, because he was per haps conscious of haying talked too freely arid violently npbn a matter which in' rhality was but of little concern to him ; Mary unsettled and anxious on account qf her nncle. ' If he, ia; riot borne soon,' she said in reply to her brother's exhortations not to be silly abont nothing, I shall be sure -that there is something wrong. 1 know that formerly he need sometimes to stay away at night . without having given us notice, but -that was when he was stronger, aed he has riot done it for at least a year.' '.- -j. . . Dick Sauntered 'away after dinner to play- ..billiards ' with a neighbouring Squireenl fMary , hurried off down to the: railway "station to "inquire if her uncle had gone, by train anywhere, for she knew that if he had doue as he in tended, gone-' with' . the antiquaries, the distance was too far for bim to walk. In reply, to her question, the .station- master said that he had only issued a ticket to brie gentleman, and that was to Mr. Shute, who bad 'gone to London vy tiuo huivQ uuuiik itiaub So she hastened homewards ' again ; bat her riricle' bad riot returned, and as it was gettiqg dark, her anxiety became more intense. He "was an old man, and it was qnifce possible that in order to bbvb the train-fare ,he might ' walk the five miles to Bury Hill ; and , that, in such a lonely part of the country, -he might have been seized, -witi1 ? have broken a blood-vessel without ;aoy one being near to help him. Remain in the horiseriioae in company with theBe ahd bther.dreade of a -similar character she could -not, so she sent a servant< (with "a message to Mr. Richard, that he should come home at once.'. Half an hbar 'aiapsed-before ipick ar rived, and he was in nb gentle mood at being disturbed in' his'ri'YenHi's.amnse- ments for what he considered trie foolish whim of a nervous girl. - 'Dick,' said his Krister, ' I jaui snre there is smnethiog wrong Uncle has never been out. so .late befpre -withorit letting ns know. " rve been' to the statiou, and he hasn't beenithere. v No nine hits seen him about the yuiiage. ' - ; 'Well, then,' sjud Dick, ' if hedidn't : go with the antiquarian'" Johnnies,1 and : hasn't taken the trBjinJauifhaBn'tbeen seen in the village, hevs epmowhere abdnt the «rrnnnds ; therafelrilentv of toom-for him! on the fifty acresjofland.' " 1 ' Perhaps ,afc "the - old: summer-house,' said Mary. Yeeyes; rDii leVoa go and look.' 'The last place! an the .world where, he'd go when theiiA-<gEfejt'ii! .goiqm' ,uaid ijfffi' ways swears hfe cari't imid a thfelk A quarter of an honr's walk brought them to the snmmer-honse, a tumble down, rickety old structure, standing on a small open space amidst the trees, and feting a quiet pool of dark water which; extended as far as the boundary- wall,: some thirty yards distant, long since abandoned to rats and bats, but byj reason of its solitude, much frequented by old Jethro Seaton, who often passed, the long hoars of an entire summer day. here in company with a favourite volume' from the dusky, dusty shelves of hie library. The place barely stood together, ' for the thatched roof had peeled off in a dozen places, and the rate had burrowed! holes all abont the flooring ; bnt old, Jethro wonld not have it touched — from 1 sentiment, he said — from motives of par- simony, it was generally believed. The ray of . lantern light thrown into the building showed a dark masB on the floor. Mary uttered a cry of horror, and in a moment was kneeling beside the helpless body of her uncle. Dick stood like a man in a trance, his wide-open eyes fixed on the inert heap, the lantern trembling in his hands. f 1 1 j s?«m «««? c U1U&I; V1U& 1 UftXl tue £1 L DQ may not be dead 1 Yon most get help ! As qnick as yon -can ; there may be a chance. — -Q uncle! my dear old uncle !' Dick placed his hand on the white cheek, and shook his head. 'There is no chance,' he said in a low voice; ' he is as cold as marble. He moBt have had a fit, poor hid ancle, for he has fallen sideways from the chair.' 'Dick, Dick!' whispered the girl, seiz ing his hand, ' it is a dreadful thought, bat do yon think there has been any crime comriiitted-?' ' Crime 1 You mean do I think hq has been ' murdered ? Certainly uot.! What earthly object conld any one have io murdering a poor old harmless man like nncle? However, yon stay hern t' 11 1 . t l._l t a_j a u leave me inuueru , jl eua uuu my way back easily enough. "I'll, get some men to help us take him into the house, and then I'll go for Dr. Waller : he'll ay at once what has been the cause of death.' So he started oflj leaving Mary moaning and crying by the side of the body, and in a very short time returned with a couple of men, by whose aid it was carried into the house. The doctor examined the body, and conld find no traces of violence; bat when he came to the bead, he pointed out the wound behind the ear, that mnst have been the result of a tremendous blow, sufficient, he said, to have killed instantaneously a much younger and stronger man. It had not been anch & blow as wonld have been caused in fall ing, he said, but a deliberately aimed Iblow.' ' In short,' he summed np, 4 1 rim afraid there has been foni-play, and 'it will be my daty to communicate my suspicions at once to the police.' 'My 'God!' exclaimed Dick, 'and I quarrelled with him to the very last !' And the stalwart yonng athlete, who had never shed a tear since his mother's coffin had been carried out of the bouse, threw himself into a chair and- sobbed bitterly. . Mary was calm and quiet in her grief; so calm and qniet that her brother was surprised. ' Mary,' said Dick- presently, 4 we must not leave a stone unturned to come at the root -of this. Who could possibly have done this ?' Mary was looking at him with a strange questioning look. Then she took his arm, and 6aid : ' 4 Dick, it is a horrible question, but 1 must ask it. Do yon know anything abont this ?' '12 II' almost shrieked the yonng man. — 4 Mary, do yon mean to aek me if I have done this ? Oh no, no ! But I shall be suspected; I know that. Every one knows of the quarrels between me and my uncle. Every one knows that I have an uncontrollable temper, and they will say that we had a qaarrel, and that I struck him dead ! But Mary, although you do thlok so badly of me, yon do not believe that I could be capable of each a deed ? Say that you don't - 4 Of -course I believe you, Dick, and I don't think badly ofyon, . as yon say; bnt the thought did flash across me that perhaps ancle had met yon comfog from cricket, had reproached yon for having left business, and that you bad replied, and . But no, you could not have done it, I am snre.' 4 It is too late now to think of search ing,' said Dick ; bat to morrow, as soon as it is light, I will go down to the snmmer-honse and look for some evi dence of the murderer. Anything will serve as a cine — -footmarks, -something dropped in the hnnyof flight, the small est cine will be sufficient. . And yet I vauuut biiuwcive wuu wuuiu .nave auy- thing (to gain by murdering one who, strange and unpopular as he might have been, never did harm to any one. Gain could not have been, the object, for poor old Uncle Jatiirb was -too careful to go about with1 -'anything worth robbing about him except his. watch. We shall find that in-'the rintumer-house, I have no doubt, for -you koow.be always need to read with it placed on the table beside him.' So they took a parting look at the poor body stretched on the bed in his own room, and having, according :to local custom, placed four candles lighted in the room, tnrned the pictures with their feces to ' the Wall, and reversed the looking- glass, betooki themselves to' each sleep as they t could . snatch under such terrible circumstances. : - ,-But: one face- fraunte A.Mar'r , through out the loog' -night-the face was that of Clande Shate; and orijth'e dart brow she saw the deep brand pfCain.'; cHAWte-in."''-"."'-1 With the first-gleam of daylight, Dick Ottery slipped out" "oE the honBe and WenfcdowSi to-tW srenh of the, inspected murder, to iaear fer -aome c'fue : which j might lead to the detection .of itbe. crime. ; Hefyunatire watch,asheiiad .expected. It wsb lying on the", floor .ah' some dis- :tkhcb:-; shattered. '- : ft had atonnad at a arter'cp»at: - fwo,: and Dick g»?e a- sigh of relief, for. he knew, ; as would: everybody: else, that fit tiiat "moment 'he, was eogagia&eJictetfiland;'tSmt,- therefortwlmteyefc;' suspicion might, be; coupled with bis me'wqrijd be cleared,1 ination of the wedttetiteitibtim.were unbroken and Merktii|.4awntiel man bad bBeri readnfe.iaci|nt;Sti»py of Camden'nrimUwaBriW'topen ' ".'.pS1':--'.'1:-' ' ' ' SAW: " plain cane with no knob or hook with which the deed of blood conld have been committed. He examined the room, peered into the rat holes in the flooring, scrutinised the soil outside for foot marks ; bnt there was nothing whatever to betray "the murderer. Then he examined the bnehes around for traces of a hasty fiight,looked for marks on the wall, all without result, so be returned to the house with the articles he had foundl The news had of course very soon spread abroad that old Jethro Seaton of Colyton Hall had been fonnd dead, and that foul-play was hinted at; and, as Dick had . anticipated, people at once whispered to-each other, as they talked of the affair over garden gates, at cottage doors, or in groups at the roadside, that yonng Mr. Ottery bad . in one of his quarrels struck his uncle over the head and killed him. The inqnest was held at the Hall. The evidence of Dr. Waller was decisive — that death was , not due to natural causes, such as a fit of apoplexy, bnt that the old gentleman had been struck viuicutiy ubuiuu tut; ear ay euuie uiuui> instrument, certainly not by the stick produced, and Dot by the chair, which had fallen also. And so, in the absence of all other evidence, the jury returned a verdict of 4 Wilful murder sgaiost some person or persons unknown ; the hinted suspicion of a juryman .who had once received a thrashing from Dick for cruelty to a .horse, that the nephew might know something abont the death of bis uncle, being at once qaashed by .evidence of a watchmaker who said the mainspring of -the watch fonnd in the sammer-hon8e waa broken, so that the hour indicated was exactly tbat at which the crime had been committed. On the next-day, the . remains of old Jethro Seaton were buried in the family vault ; ana, sman ciaim as ne naa upon itbe affection ,of the people, he was followed by all the village, far more, it was understood, out of respect and affec tion for Dick pud Mary Ottery than for him. : "Tt was strange that, amidst all .the conjecture and' sifting of evidence,-' rio one had thonght of associating Claude Shute with the crime — that is, nobody but Mary Ottery. So soon .as Dick's innocence was .'established in her mind, the terrible suspicion had arisen within her, and had refused to be dismissed by argument or pentiment, that the man who was really.: dearer to her than all else in the world conld alone have com mitted the murder. Everything pointed to the probability. He was at the Hall twenty minutes before the time Indicated by the shattered watch as be ing that at which the deed was done. He had gone to London -by the three o'clock train, and, so far as Mary conld remember, he had only gone to London once or twice before daring the two years. of courtship. Most convincing evidence of all was the very last con versation she had held with him, the result of which had been that he had unwillingly accepted his fate of being obliged to wait until the death of her nncle shonld bring abont a change in domestic matters. And yet, knowing Clande. Shnte as Mary did, in spite of all, he seemed to her the very last man to commit snch a deed in cold blood. Once, only, once, had she learned that he had a temper at all, but when he left her on this fetal afternoon, she remembered that it was far more in sorrow than in anger. On the other hand, if Clande Shute did not do it, who else could have possibly gained by such an act ? Dick's temper was much more of the kind which might lead to the committal of a terrible "act such as this than was Claude's, but Dick wonld have gained nothing which was not his already. iflBU uu auer-uiuugub MUIQ a mind : was it possible tbat Clande Shute could have murdered Jethro Seaton with the idea that suspicion would at once be directed on Dick, and that by so doing not only would he gain his object and put an end to the weary waiting for Mary, but would be rid of a seemingly implacable enemy ? Impossible ! Impossible ! The girl scouted the thought immediately after its occurrence. In due time Jethro Seaton's will was brought by the family lawyer. Mary watched her brother's face as he read it. It suddenly darkened, and he pointed to the clause : 4 And to Claude Sbnte I bequeath the sum of five thousand pounds free of legacy duly.' Mary's heart sank, and die knew what her brother was going to say. 'Mars' he said. 'Claude Shnte murdered our poor old uncle. What I have always said to you about him is true — that he was a fawning, schem- ing ijumbug. Now you can see why he was so fond of uncle, and now I can see why he got rid of him. — Where -is he now ? Mary was so overcome with emotion that she knew not what to say. Could it be, she asked herself; that her Claude, the tnan whose lips had bo often pressed . hers, whose ring was still on her finger, tbat he was, as it seemed, merely a des perate schemer, and -fortune-hunter ; tbat his' month had spoken what had never . been in his heart ; and that he had murdered tins poor old man merely to hasten the acquisition of a few thousand! pounds ? At that moment the servant came in with a letter. Dick snatched it from the tray ; it bore a foreign stamp, and was addressed in Claude's writing. He tore it open, and read : Sold Royal, Boulevard Ajshpach, Brussels. . My darung Mary — If I must wait, I most do so in exile. I cannot be so near the fruit to attain which I have laboured so long, aud feel that I most not touch it. Moreover, I dare .not trust jnvaelf _Joneer_in. Ihe. neighbour- hood -of the -bulldog. Yon. -do - not know ..'me as "an ill-tempered hum hat ff ban "be TOused, and I feel that he will rouse me, and then I know that I shall say or do :. something which .! wilt gender the gnlf between him and me, wide i as .it already iB, impassable. I do not know where I : shall go dog, I suppose, and he dares to threaten me ! And pretending not to know anything abont what has happened. Penh 1 It's sickening.' 'Dick,' said Mary qnietly, after she had read the letter two or three times, 4 in spite of all yoa say, that is not the letter of a guilty man. Nor do I think the fact of his going abroad condemns him.' 4 Don't it ? By Jove, I think it does, though 2' exclaimed Dick. 4 He's gone, so that he can plead an alibi, shonld suspicion be directed against him. He's a clever fellow ; bnt he wasn't clever enough to calcnlste upon the evidence which conld be got ont of a broken watch. Mary had spoken from ber heart and in firm belief when she gave her opinion that there was nothing suspicious either in the feet of Claode's going away or in the tone of the letter. She conld not believe him guilty, although appear ances were so terribly against htm that she admitted to herself that had he not been her lover she wonld have con demned him. 'That was why he got away,' con- tinned Dick, who was striding np and down the room' with a brow as black as night.. 4 He knew that suspicion wonld immediately be fixed on me; and it was jast his game to get me ont of the way, and to marry you with all poor old uncle's money. — Bat what's the nse of wasting time in discussion? Wo must act, and that immediately.' \- 4 What are you going to do, Dick V asked Mary in an agonised voice. 4 What am I going to do ? Why, put this letter in the bauds of the Scot- and . Yard fellows, have a warrant drawn np, get him arrested, and — hanged 1' replied her brother bitterly. 4 Don't, Dick — for my sake, don't;' implored the girl. Dick stopped short and looked at her. 4 For your sake, don't P he repeated. 4 Then yon know him to be guilty, and you are trying to screen him. If he is innocent, as you say he is, let him come and prove it in fair trial.' 4 Bnt appearances are so much against him,' urged the girl. 'Consider, Dick, if that watch had not been fonnd, appearances would equally have been against you' 4 Very well ; then I shonld have asked to be tried,' replied her brother. 'If the man's innocent, it will be proved.' ' Stop < stop 1 only for a few moments,' cried Mary. ' I can't think be did it ! And yet — 0 my God, my heart will breBk !' And, utterly overcome by her emotions, she sank to the ground, weeping bitterly. Her brother, having a wholesome contempt for feminine grief in general, and for his sister's eb ullition upon this occasion in particular, did not offer to raise her, bat left the room. Mary remained for some minutes prostrate. Suddenly she sprang to her feet. ' I must save him !' she said to Cerself. - No one knows yet that he ia suspected. If I telegraph to him, he will have time to get away before the detectives can reach him. I may be doing wrong ; pray God I am not , but I am sure he is innocent, although lam as sure that he would stand no chance before a jury.' She ran upstairs, pnt on her hat and cloak, and rushed throngh the gardens by a path which led to a gate in the wall opening on to the vil lage street. What people thought to Bee her flying along dishevelled and wild-looking, she cared not, bnt, as if she was the criminal, crept swiftly by back lanes nntil she reached the railway station. Three times did she write the telegram : three times Bhe tore it np ss being absolutely illegible. The fourth time she succeeded better, and handed in . Ifcnm Cittern fiiil.iil.nrL. i/> Fthstfe. Hotel Royal, Boideoar d Anspach, Brus sels — Fly for your life immediately on receiving this.' The clerk looked at her after he had read it. ' It's — it's a cipher,' she stammered ; ' Mr. Shute will understand it.' She .placed a sovereign down, and rushed away, for the up-train would be due in a few minutes, and she guessed that Dick would go by it ' Poor Miss Ottery,' said the station- clerk. ' If tbat there affair at the 'All ain't touched her 'ead I'm mistook ; she's been an' left her change behind her, an' one 'ud think there was ghosts arter her by the way she ran in.' chapter iv. — conclusion. The events of the past few days had changed Dick Ottery from a careless free- and-easy, pleasure-loving boy of iive-and-twentv into a man. His leeal training came to his aid at a crisis when it was most needed, and so quietly did he slip off to London and to Scotland Yard, and obtain the warrant for Claude Bhnte'e arrest, and see the detectives start on their journey duly provided with photographs of their man, tbat not a sonl outside the walls of Colyton Hall had any idea that Claude Shute was even, suspected of being con cerned in the mnrder of old Jethro Seaton. All this, however, might have leaked ont throngh the loquacity of the telegraph clerk who had taken in Mary's message, had not the girl re covered her presence of mind quickly enough to ran back for her change, and to impress secrecy on the man ; and a fevor asked by Miss Ottery was never refased. Little by little, however, Colyton became aware that something nnnsnal was being enacted in its midst, with the nature of which it was not so folly acquainted as a good old- fashioned gossiping village had a right to expect. The landlord of the George had been ordered.by Mr. Richard Ottery to have a fly ready to meet a certain night- train from London ; and as the George fly was only requisitioned upon very special occasions, this alone was food for caniectnre. _ Again, there was_ a mysterious importance about the two constables who represented the loca police force, which being suddenly as sumed, ; was unaccountable ; -and over their fnser in the parlour of the inn they whispered , and ;nodded and exchanged significant . glances, winch sufficiently -prod aimed their engagement upon some J3hutom|«miea Wtall stranger, gm&/$iie vehlSft lfolloweditto Immediately, the bar of the George, which had began to -empty for the night, filled, and the conclusion arrived at, after a vast consumption of ale and tobacco and much expenditure of breath, was that ' the qaeer chap with the specs,' as Claude Shnte was called, had been arrested for the murder of Squire Seaton. During tins interval of four days which had elapsed between Dick's ex pedition to Scotland Yard and the ar rival of Clande Shnte at Colyton, Maty had let herself sink almost into a state of prostration. On the night of the arrival of Claude in castody, -Dick came into the study where Mary was lying tortured with a racking headache, and said ; ' Oar gentleman has ar rived.' 4 Do yon mean that Clande Shnte'is in Colyton ?'. exclaimed the cirj. start ing up. Yes ; that he's safe io the lock-up, awaiting the next petty sessions at Shinglemonth," replied Dick. ' Arrested — in the lock-up — here 1 Richard, is it trne 1' ui course it ia way, you don t think Scotland Yard wonld let snch a prize slip? 4 Was he arrested at Brussels?' 1 Yes ; calmly smoking in the court yard of the hotel, like »ny honest jponoo. ful tourist.' Mary pressed her hands to her berat ing forehead. Had he sever received the telegram ? Had the . clerk never- sent it ? Could Dick have intercepted it ? Wby had he walked to meet his fate ? What did it mean — except, joyous thonght, that he was really inno cent and was prepared to face inquiry 'Coolest Johnnie I ever saw,' continued Dick. 4 When he saw me he actually said : 4 1 suppose I have to thank you for this, Mr.' Ottery f Actually had toe caeex to ass me to ten mm ail abont it, as if he had never "heard of it ; answered the questions at the police station as if be was in a drawing-room. — Bnt tbat sort of bluff won't do, and hell find that ont when he's hauled np before J ndge Nooser at Mixeter.' 4 Can I see him ?' asked Mary. 4 1 don't know.— "What do yon want to see him for? At anyrate yon can't see him to- night. Bless you, he's asleep and snoring now. These fellows always sleep and eat as well when they're in their cells as at their homes.' ' Cold ! Cruel ! Heartless !' ex claimed Mary bitterly. 4 1 conld never have believed it of yon !' 4 Any more than I can believe that infatuation for a man can make a woman blind to any crimes he likes to commit, and forget jastice to her own flesh and blood,' retorted her brother. By the next morniog the news of Clande Shnte's arrest was generally known in the village, and from the village was being spread to the conntry aronnd as rapidly as eager tongues conld perform their functions. There was not much expression of feeling about the matter, for old Jethro Seaton had never mixed sufficiently with the people or spent enough, money amongst them to be popular ; and, as has been already said, Clande Shnte was, on ac count of hia reserved mysterious habits, regarded somewhat askance. One woman, however, did energetically de fend the prisoner, and this was the landlady, Mrs. Dawes, who declared that she knew him as well as did Miss Mary herself, and tbat he was utterly incapable of committing such a crime as that with which he was charged. At an early hoar, Mary harried down to the police station, aronnd which a gaping, whispering crowd was already gathered, and was permitted to speak with Clande throngh the grating of his cell door.. She tbftb No woa pain And anxious-looking, and, perhaps naturally, construed these appearances as signs of gnilt. 4 Clande,' she said, 4 wby are yon here ? Did yon not get my tele gram ?' 4 Of conree I did, my darling,' he re plied ; 4 and I couldn't for the life., of me understand it, 83 I had heard nothing of yonr uncle's death. — Bnt why was I to fly? I had committed no crime. 4 Really — troly — are yon innocent ?' Mary asked eagerly. 4 Why, of coarse, Mary. Snrely yon of all people conld not have believed me guilty f 'I don't know — I don't know,' sobbed the girl. ' Appearances were so terribly against yon.' 4 1 am sorry yon could not believe in me— very sorry. But tell me all abont it from beginning to end. I aeked yonr brother last night ; bnt he laughed and said he conld tell me nothing new.' So Mary related to him all with which we are familiar. 4 1 know the eammer- honee well,' said Clande, when ehe had finished. 4 Many a long hoar have I sat talking and dis cussing with yonr poor old nncle.— And so yon thiok that I conld have gone down there, committed the crime, and got back to my rooms in five minutes, do they ? — I was with yon at two yon remember, Mary.' ' Aud poor uncle's broken watch had stopped at a quarter past,' said Mary. 4 At which time I was packing np to go away, for I remember Mrs. Dawes saying that it was ten minutes past two as I came in, and that I should never have time to catch the three o'clock train. — Look here, my own Mary. As yon say, appearances are against me, and I mnst have help. I have only one friend in the world besides yob and Mrs. Dawes, -and .that's Dr. Waller. Wonld yon mind asking him to come rongd here as soon as he can ?— Well IS I never would have believed that yonr brother's hatred to me was so great that he coold do a thing like this. -'1 - ...... 4 But : appearances ore against- yoa, Clawfe?" ... " : 4 So they are, Maiy-rso t"hey bre, and we mnst do our best to clew them.'' u Mary'went away,«nd aoou wtnroed With the worthy Tittle doctor. To him TH&n;'de confided all foatjconcerned him- rsdf, .and rrqnestedVliim nee his influence to ailaw.himClande, to visit. .SibIirageay. 1 1 \- ; : Accordingly with a constable at one ride, and Marir and the ' doctor on the bther, Claade passed thfoagh.the crowd towards the HalL On their road they met Diefc who. looked surprised at . .the to viidt the scene -%f imyarims, as you call it ; perhaps, on the return journey I may be in a position to dispense with the somewhat rough attentions of the gentleman io uniform at my aide.' Upon which gentle rebuke the con stable somewhat loosened the grasp which he kept on Claude's arm as a method of impressing the crowd with bis importance, and mattered some thing about ' Heels not bein' so slippery ss some prisoners as I knows on.' Dick acquiesced silently, and for the first time asked himself if, after all per haps, he had not been a little hasty in acting as he had. 4 With your permission,' said Claude, 4 we'll just ask Mrs. Dawes a question or two before we proceed farther.' So they turned aside to the cottage of the old woman, who, at the apparition of the little procession, followed by the entire village, making straight for her door, was not qnite sure if she were not in some way or otber about to be im plicated in the 4 murder business,' and was accordingly in a state of tremor. Mrs. Dawes's evidence was conclusive as to the hour at which Clande Shnte had arrived to pack up for his visit to the continent; and her little niece corroborated what she said. So they went on to the Hall and down to the summer-bouae, over which a coorie of etont- fellows were keeping guard against the intrustion of the curious, whose heads were already lining the wall by the pond. 4 Now, then, Mr. Ottery,' said Claude, 4haveyou found any weapon with which this murder could have been, com mitted?' 4 No,' replied Dick. ' But that counts for little, as it would have been the easiest thing in the world for the murderer to have thrown it away into the thickete.' 4 Very well. How did von find Mr. Seaton lying ? Dick pointed ont exactly the position in which he had first seen his nncle, and showed where his head had bled on to the floor. 4 Yes, said Clande; 'he always used to sit with the left ride of his face to wards the wall, so tbat he felt the warmth of the sun, yet was not inter fered with by ' its glare ; therefore, doctor, the blow mast have been dealt from the direction of the wall ?' 'PreciBely,' replied the doctor. 4 Yon were playing cricket that after noon, Mr. Ottery ?' asked Clande. Dick nodded in assent. ' Conld you remember what yon were actually doing at about the time when, according to the evidence of the watch, yonr uncle met his death ?' 4 Yes, I was batting. We had lnnch at half past one ; we resumed the game at two ; I going iu to bat, and I was in three-quarters of an hoar. — Bat what has that got to do with it ?' 4 Well, it may have a great deal, and it may have nothing. When I have been sitting here with yonr uncle, I have often seen balls come whistling over the wall; sometimes they pitched in the pond, sometimes in the wood ; and one, I remember, pitched on ths roof of this summer-honse, and I told your nncle tbat he might meet with an accident. Was a ball hit over here during that day's game ?' ' Yes — yes, of coarse there was,' stammered Dick, who had suddenly turned pale. — 4 And what is more, now I come to think of it, it would have come exactly over here.' ' Let us see, to make sure,' Baid the doctor. So the party crorsed over to the wall, and Dick showed exactly where he was standing when he hit the ball to square leg abont which he had spoken to Mary after the match. 4 1 suppose you haven't found the ball f said Clande. No ; there are dozens lying about the gardens which have beeu hit over at different times,' replied Dick ; 4 wa never dream of trying to find them in such a difficult place.' 4 Then your uncle was killed by the ball which you hit over,' Baid the doctor, leading the way back to the summer- house. A murmur of satisfied conviction passed through the little party, and Mary in her anxiety clung to the arm which the constable had now thonght fit to release. 4 The ball should be in the summer- honse,' said the doctor. So they returned to the snmmer- honse, and all were presently engaged in searching the rat-holes dotted abont the floor. Finally, Mary uttered a faint cry and handed a ball to the doctor. It was nearly new, and although tbe rats naa aireaay com menced operations on it, there was visible on it a deep patch, which the doctor pronounced unhesitatingly to be blood, and, moreover, demonstrated conclusively that it had been found at tbe most likely spot to which it would have rolled after having dealt the death blow. Of the scene which ensued — of Mary's joy that her lover had been absolved — of poor Dick's abject contrition for the humiliation he had brought on Claude Shute — of the congratulations of the doctor — of the professional disappoint ment of tbe constable, nothing need be said. Simply, we may conclude by saying that in due course Claude Shute made Mary Ottery his wife, and that the friendship between him and her brother has never since beeu clouded by the., faintest shadow, — Chambers' Miscellany. 