BETWEEN DRINKS. De Boozy aud Prosser -were in front oC a 'bar, aa usual, ono evening, and had juat watched the barman fire out a sailor ?whose tank waa full on to hia magenta auricular, into the pellucid waters of the gutter. ' What musical inatrament does that remind you ' of P' asked de Boozy. 'Adieu sharp ' (a Jew's harp), suggested 'Prosser. ' Not bad for you,' replied the other, 'but I meant a get tar,' Andlo! there came more trouble in that bar, and Homebody got badly bruised. The Earl of Surry Hills has been study ing Frenoh without a master, and the other day he thought he would experi ment with the language and spring some of it upon the waiters at Paris House. Seated at dinner there he asked for a bottle of embonpoint. This fixed the waiter for all he knew, so the Earl turned to a companion and asked him what was the Frenoh word for stout. Embonpoint waa the answer. ' I know it,' said he, yet I ean't make \- this fellow understand what I mean by a bonteille d' embonpoint.' ******** Hey, whoop ! set 'em up again. The odour of burgoo breaks upon the olfactory organs, and the skirl of the bagpipes rings in our ears. There has been a nice old shivoe in Hongkong, and it ia said that the English name has been disgraced by the disgraceful garb worn by the High land Regiment stationed there. It is thought .that the name of England will raite a high old smell in the expansive nostrils of the Chows if steps are not taken , to prevent the Highlanders riding in the native carriages. Mr. O'Brien is loth to part with his 'kicksies,' but these burgoo worriers don't wear such a gar ment beneath their skirts, and as they ride about m a free and easy manner, everyone can see that that article of clothing is missing. The panoramic view obtained is offensive to the Chows, and consequently their Commissioner is to interview Lard Salisbury upon*, tho advisability of con cealing the plain truth for the future. Diplomacy will have to be resorted to for saving further exposure of a ticklish subject. ? * 9 An actor, who shall be nameless, had been spending an evening with some . friends, and the party did not break up until past the hour of midnight. When onr friend started to walk home, which lay at some considerable distance from where he then was, he found his legs were deter mined to act antagonistically to his head, so, perforce, he went wherever they took him. During his matutinal meandering he stumbled (we use the word in its literal sense) serosa a Chinese vegetable hawker, and after some conversation in broken English, intermixed with broken China, he conciliated John by buying his stock right out, which consisted of cauliflowers, cabbages and vegetable- marrows. The question then Erase as to how he was to carry his pur chases home, John wouldn'tsell his truck, and pretended to ' no sabbee ' our friend's attempts at giving his address. There was no help for it, the disciple of Thespis muBt carry the vegetables home or throw thorn:' in tne gutter— being a family man, better thoughts prevailed against the latter' course being adopted, so he bade John pile them up in his arms., .When- tho- Mongo- \- lian had carefully balanced the last cauli flower upon the brim of our friend's hat, he wished John 'good-morning' and started for home, and after many ' ups, and downs' he arrived there — outside^ How was he to get inside P True, he had his late-hour persuader in the shape of a latchkey, but to insert a key in a key-hole requires the use of arms. Laden as he was, how could he manage to first extract the key from his pocket P There was no help for it — dump down the greens dumped down they were accordingly for somewhat about the fiftieth time. The nerves of his arm being cramped from the strain they had undergone from carrying a heavy weight, were now in that ?' shivery ' condition whioh is the general result after such eixeroise, and added to the haziness of vision attendant upon a free indulgence of , alcohol, striking the exact whereabouts of the key-hole became a difficult matter. Finally, perseverance, and perspiration accomplished the desired end, and access was gained to his home and wife. Having pioked up the vegetables once more for the fifty-first time, he slowly mounted the stairs, wended his way to tho bed-ohamber, and posed himself heavily laden beside the marital oouch. There lay the wife of his bosom, peacefully sleeping, dreaming perhaps of grub in cabbages, or grub in the larder— who can say P Poor woman, her dream was rudely disturbed by a huge vegetable-marrow losing its balance and falling on her nose. With a snort and a start she awoke, and believing she saw before her the ghost of a Mongolian market-gardener, gave a loud scream, and was just about to faint when the investing intoxicant spoke, asking her to postpone her faint to Borne future dato. That re ' vived her somewhat, but the proper restorative was applied, when he methodi cally enquired, ' What do you pay for vegetable-marrows P' This was not a difficult conundrum for a thrifty house wife to answer, but, the ' man and the hour ' and the heap of vegetables were a combination of distractions for a person abruptly wakened from a sound sleep; so informing the delinquent that fourpence waa the usual prioe, the bruised wife turned round to oourt Morpheus onoe more. . But our hero having made a good investment, was determined to make the. faot known, so 'carefully depositing the vegetables, with their accumulated dirt, ' upon the snowy counterpane ; he thereupon proceedsd to read his spouse a lecture upon the evils of extravaganoe, and the desirability of domestic economy. 'Why pay fourpence,' he asked, 'when they may be bought for twopence P' A snore was bis reply. . lnie is tne nrsi instance on record,' Baid he, ' of a woman declin ing to argub and not having the last word ; truly, ' time works wonders/ especially when it points to . four in the morning. Oh dear 1 once more I must take up my heavy burden and deposit it in the kitchen.' But he never got there. Sweet sleep seduoed him, and he fell baok tired out 'all amongst the greens,' with a marrow for a pillow. Shakespeare as usual comes in- handy, via, 'To-morrow andlto- marrow, ' and to-morrow how did he get it P . f 