TBE INFLUENCE OF THE PARENTAL CHARACTER. [Bv Rkv. liiciiABD Cecil.] [The Rev. Richard Cecil had in his day a deservedly high reputation as a preacher. His works wore published in three 8vo. volumes, and nis 'Re- mains,' a series of short essays and of remarks made in couvcrsation or in letters, were published shortly after his death by his friend the Rov. Josiali Pratt. Mr Cecil was born in Londou, Ivoveiubcr 8, 174S, of pious parents, and the extract we give from his *' Re mains ' contains some interesting per sonal allusious. Some lime after he had cutcred the church and was ordained, ho became minister of St. John's Chapel, Bedford-row, London. In 1800 he was presented to tlie livings of Ctsle and Chobham in Surrey, aud lie died iu 16LO.] The iutluence of the parental character on children is not to be calculated. Everything around has an influence on us. Indeed, the influence of things is so great, that, by familiarity with them, they insensibly urge us on principle?! and feelhigs whicn w«' before abhoired. ] knew a man who took in a deDiocrslical paper, only to laugh at it. But. at longLh. he had road thu saioo things again and again, so often, that he began to think there must be 6ome truth in them ; and tbat men and measures were really euch as' they were bo often said to be. A drop of water seems to have no influence oa tlie etaue ; bat it trill, ia tfxe end, wear its way though. ©pre be, Uiei-elore, such a in everything oround^isl job parental influ ence must b'- great indepd. ^ . Consistency U the Jreat^hafact. r, in good parents whuM&preues; . Iren, . They mdy witness rnrwh tefiper; h it if' they soc their father ' keep flie even tenor of bis way,' his imperfections will bo understood and allowed for as reason opens. Tho child will see and vf-cton Lib parent's intention : and thin \\-ni Uave great influence on his mind. Thi- influ ence may, indeed, be afu-rwards counter- ? acted ; but that only proves that contrary currents muy arise, and carry the child another way. Old Adam may ho too strong for y Melonclhon. The implantation of principles is of un speakable importance, especially when called from time to time oot of the Bible. The child feels his parent's authority, supported bv the Bible, and tlie author ity of tho Bible supported by his parent's weight, nnd influence. Hero are data fixed data. A man can very seldom get rid of those principles. They stand in his way. Ho wishes te forget them, per haps, hut it is impossible. . Where parental influence docs not con vert, it hampers It hangs on the wheels ot evil. I had a pious mother who dropped things in my way. I could never rid uiynelf of them. I was a pro fessed infidel : but then I liked to be an infidel in oompany, rather than when alone. I was wretched when by myself. ? These principles, and mnxuns, and data spoiled my jollity. With my companions I could sometimes stifle them : like cuibcrs, wc kept one uuother warm. Be sides, I was here u sort of hero. I had beguiled several of my associates into my own opinions, and I had to inaiutain a character before them. But I could not divest myself of my bolter principles. I went with one of my companions to see the 'Minor.' He could laugh heartily at Mother Colo — I could not. He saw in her the picturo of nil who talked about religion — I knew bettor. The ridicule on regeneration was high sport to him — to me, it was uonc: it coula not move my features. He knew no difference between regeneration and traiisubstantiation — J did. I knew there was such a thing. I was afraid and ashamed to laugh at it. Parental influence thus clcavcs to a man : it harasses him — it throws itself con tinually in his way. I find in myself another evidence of lhe greatness of parental influence. I detect myself lo this day ia laying down maxims in my lamily, which I took up at three or four years of age, before I could possibly know the reason of the It is of incalculable importance to ob tain a hold on the conscience. Children have a conscience ; and it is not 6carcd, though it is criJ. Bringing the eternal world into their view— planning and act ing with that world before us — this gains, at length, such a hold on them, that, with all the infidel poison which 'hey may afterward imbibe, there are few children, who at night — iu their chamber -in the dark— in a storm of thunder— will not feel. They cannot c'. ?.( 'i m other men. They recollect that isrKiiNiTr which stands in their way. It rises up before them, like the ghost of Banquo to Mac beth. It goads them : it thundors in their cars. After all tbey arc obliged to compound the matter with conscience, if they cannot be prevailed on to return to God without delay ; — I must be religious one time or other. Tlml in c!-'er, lean not. get rid of this thing Well ! I will begin at such a time. I will finish such a schoruc, and then 1 The opinions— the 6jiirit — the conversa tion — the manners oi the parent, influ ence the child. 'Whatever sort of man he is, such, in a great degree, will be the child ; unless constitution or accident give him another turn. If the parentis a fantastic man — if he is a gcucalogist, knows nothing but who married such an one, and who married such an one — if lie in a sensualist, a low wretch— his chil dren will usually catch these tn«tes. If he is a literary man— }iis very girls will tallf learnedly. If he is a griping, hard, miserly man — such will be his children. This I speak of as genkually the case. It may happen that the parent's dis position may have no ground to work on in that of the child. It may happen that the child may be driven into disgust : the miser, for instance, often implants dis gust, and his son becomes a spendthrift. After all, in some cases, perhaps, every thing seems to have been done and exhi bited by the pious parent in vain. Yet he lUjstn his braid upun the 1 caters. And, perhaps, after he lias beeu in hib grave twenty years. Jiis son remembers whit his father told him. Besides, parental influence must be great, because God hns said that it shall be so. The parent is not to staud reason ing and calculating, God has said that his character shall have influence. And this appointment of Providence becoiiics often tho punishment of a wicked mau. Such a man is a complete belhbt. I am weary of hearing such men talk about their 'family ' — and their ' family ' — they 'mu6t provide for ' their family.' Their family has no place in their nEAL hegaiid. They push for themselves. But God snys — ''No! You' think your children shall be so and so. But luey shall be rods for your own backs. They shul I he your curse. They shall rise up against you.' The most common of *all huniun complaints is ? parents groaning under the vices of their children ! This is nil the effect of parental influence. In the exercise of this influenoc there are two leading dangers to be avoided. Excess of sevjjbitv is one dancer. My mother, on the contrary, would talk to me, and weep as she talked. I flung out of the house with an oath— but wept too when I gol into the street. Sympathy is the powerful engine of a mother. I was desperate : I would go on board a priva teer. But there are soft moments to such desperadoes. God do^s not, at ones abandon them to themselves. There arc limes when the man says—' I should be glad to return : but I should not like to ment 1 hat face I' if he has been treated with severity. Yet excess of laxiiT is auothor danger. The esse of Eli afford* a serious warning on this subjeot.' Instead of Iiis mild ex nostulation on the flagraut wickedness of his sons— Nay, my sons, it is no good report - hai T hear— uc ought to have exer cised his authority as a parontand magis trate in i-unisbinfi &ad; retirsiuiog their ' grimes. 