VII. The week was the most feverish of my existence. I could not, of course, tell how long my ghost-given powers would last. I feared they might leave me in the mid- dle of a performance ; and I know I could not finish as the audience heard me begin. The prospect of being hooted off the stage was not agreeable, and that of being compelled every night to go through the sensation I have described was almost as bad. I sent for Tommy Ivans ; I domes- ticated him in my room, and I played every night. Sunday, by invitation, I played at mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral Church, and found that on the organ my fingers were controlled even as on the piano. Monday I signed a contract with Skab for a six month's engagement ; he to bear all expenses and to receive half profits. Tommy Ivans, I stipulated, was to be em- ployed in some capacity so as to be with me, and my first concert was fixed for the 12th day of November. Skab's willingness to risk money on me, and my desire to prevent his losing any- thing, reconciled me more than anything else to the ordeal I had to undergo, but I suffered tortures in the intervals between the day I signed the contract and the night of the 12th of November. I will not attempt to describe that night. My success was phenomenal. Encore after encore, wild applause and unbounded enthusiasm greeted the per- formance, and I woke up next morning to find myself famous and the possessor of $650 net proceeds of my ghost's handi- work. Just here I will explain a want the papers complained of, namely, that I gave out no programme of the performance, and the audience had to guess at what I played. Leaving out of view the fact that the vast majority of audiences do not know any more about what you play with a programme than they do without it, I will say that I could not help it. I never knew myself what was going to come until after a bar or so was played, and to be perfectly honest, once or twice I played pieces the names of which I did not and never did know. After one or two concerts I mended matters the best I could by stationing Ivans on the stage and telling him the name of the piece after I got well into it. He thereupon sang out in a stentorian voice. If it happened—as it did more than once—that I myself did not know the name of the piece, I whispered "A fugue of Tarsini's" or' "A sonata of Scarletti's" or "A staccata of Goudi- mel's," and Ivans roared it out, and the audiences were perfectly satisfied. They did not like this method—I mean of proclaiming names of my pieces—in Boston, but they had to put up with it. Now, I am not going to attempt to de- scribe my six months' tour, nor my woder- ful success. If I mentioned the name under which I played, you could yourself write out the history of my engagement. Suffice it to say it to say that the morning after my first concert in New York Richard Grant White pronounced me the finest pianist America had ever heard, and I do believe he was right, only he ought to have written "my hands" in- stead of my name. I played steadily along—starring, as they call it—through half a dozen States and by the end of the next May had in- vested 10,000dol. in United States bonds, and had I0,000dol. more in the bank. Tommy Ivans was gorgeous on a salary of 100dol. a week, and eschewed gin, never drinking any other tipple less ex- pensive than Roedeer. 