AMUSEMENTS. "LONDON ASSURANCE; The tide of Dion Boucicanlt'e brightest Cornell is a great deal more familiar in Sydney than the thing itself. As a matter of fact, wo have not seen the piece staged hero since the Mario ' dn Grev fin ran in v revived it for two liiehts nearly fonr ycarB ago, and now, after an interval that has seen works less worthy of attention produced and reproduced, this good atock comedy is only brought for ward at the fag end of a long season. However, playgoers can now see tho pleasant version of a brilliant piece which Mr. Warner's company places before them, and tho opportu nity is not one to be lost. In ths meantime, before saying a few words about last night's performance ut tho Theatre Iioyal, it msiy be pre' miatd that the author, as he informed our readers in an interview afforded on the day ho arrived hero from San Francisco in July, 1885, wrote the comedy wheu he was only 19 years of age. It was produced at Covent Garden in 1841, when tho great W. Farren playod Sir Harconrt Courtley, Mr. Charles Matthews was the vola tile Dazzle, Mr. Anderson, tho tragedian, was Charles Courtioy, Hire. Vestiis was Grace, and Miss Nesbitt appeared as Lady Gay Spanker— truly a fine cast, and in the days, too, when that particular kind of comedy was brought to a higher state of perfcctioa than it now is, whoa its practice gives place to farce and melo drama. Time so much modifies and changer tho \ standard of criticism in its flight that whilst wa think Mr. Charles Warner's Charles Courtley too broad in its effects and too robust for the best con ception of tho character, the actor's dash and lively spirit are all that wa care to recollect in reviewing the impersonation. The sceno iu which Charles " bluffs" his own father into denying his identity was admirably carried on ; and as the bashful lover, involved in a maze of absurd metaphors and mistakes, which culminate in the remark to Grace (who is engaged to old Sir Harcourt), " Consider my position ; in a few days you will be my mother ! " The Charles Courtley of tho evening sustained the r6Ie with delicious humor and nnivetd. Mr. H. II. Vincent as Sir Harcourt, tho elderly and ecstatic exquisite who "only enres for the compliments of tho fair sex," and who finds "men's admiration so deranibly insipid," weil realised the character : and . Mr. Alfred Phillips as the foolish Dolly Spanker was well placed. Mr. Herbert Flommtng, very well drcssod for the part, proved a capital Dazzle, his irrepres- sibly confidential air with Sir Harcourt proving one of the many hits of tho evening. Miss Isabel Morris, who, as Lady Gay' Spanker, assumed a rfrte in which many must recollect Mrs. John Wood, who literally revelled in the congenial "horsey" part, spoke tho famous steeplechase speech with animation and pleased tho house throughout j and Miss Emma Chambers' long experience enabled her to cope with «omo success with Grace Hark- away, a 'character in which -few artists o.f her special ability iu other directions would have done as well. Mr. Oily Dcering as Squire Max Harkawny, Mr. Albert Marsh as Mark Meddle, Mr. Richard Stewart, jun., as Coal, and MIbs Violet Ellieott as Pert strengthened tho oast. "London Assurance" is very pleasantly ren dered at the Theatre Royal and should attract good housgs to-night and to-morrow if the enthusiasm with which Mr. Warner and his colleagues were received last night be any criterion. On Friday evening Miss Isabel Morris, whoso unaffected brightness and gentle pathos upon the stage have made her many friends in Aus. tvalia, will take her farewell benefit prior to her departure for America. The lady 'is- fortunate in having the hearty co-operation of Mr. B. N. Jones iu the preparation of her Fprogramme, and that popular actor has spared no pains, to arrange the " bill," as will 'be seen from tho following list of attrac tive itemB : — Ghost scene from " Hamlet," by the Town-hall Dialectic Association : the balcony scene from " Romeo and Juliet," by Mr. Charles and Miss Grace Warner; recita tions by Mr. Phil Beck (his first appearauce since his return from England ; Mrs. J. C. Williamson as Betty Saunders in ' The Fool of tbo Family," a favorite impersonation in which she has not boon seen for Bcveu years : and the third act of the " Lady of Lyons" with Miss Isibel Morris and Mr. Warner in the cast. " Captain Swift" is annonnced for Saturday. The Orpheus Club will give another concert tilts erening in the Y.M.C.A.-hall, for which a capital programme has been prepared. Tiie Associated Italian Opera Company havo been delighting their audiences at tho New Opera House since the opening night with "Carmen." Under the new organisation tho artists arc working with unsurpassable spirit and ferver, and the hearty recalls each evening testify to tho fact that their efforts are fully appreciated. Last even ing all the principals were in fine form Hull luo UUL Iimiu una istiecu tutut tiibu nwi " Troratore" will he produced on Thursday erening with the full strength of the company, Signora Ajmo re- appearing an Leonora and Hdlle. Lablache again taking up tho role of Azucena, in which she made a prononnced im pression last season. Tho artists are doing such good work that they deserve a full mea sure of public support. 