'lH SOLUTION OF "THiE MJYSTERY IN BIiiKELEY-SQUARI." Lk rmny an±other m)th, that which iroa;ed the house iu Be.keley-q.re.r has now eirn dr.ietroyed. \W reprinteci the legend as one corth plreesrvieg, and also to see if its further paklicity might throw any light on it. I'he rrult is thnt too much light has slain it. Such stories only blhsrsonl in the dark. Cassell's Saturday Journal, in its issue of Jnanuary 16, gives the fel.owing account of its growth: In our isosue for November 24, we printed an coaunt of " Tire Myster in B.rkeley- square," which we were led to believe-as stated by ouer c3ntributor--was a true story concected with a certain (unnamed) house in that locality. We have ninee received, however, from a source of unimpcenchable authority, a state. ment as to the real facts regarding the housee. Flomtbataccountwelearnthatourcorrespond. eat,who had.with great ability, traced the popu lar legends on the suhject to what he believed to be their source. had, like too many of those who investigate stories of this description, beeu completely misled. "The Mystery in Berkrley-equare" has ocoupied the popular mind in London for several years past, and, as various legends have been woven around it, the oth liiHas gradually eassumed theconsist. ncy i f a veracious recital of undoubted facts. Everyb dy could at least remember the " hIaunted house," with its dingy front and its dusthbegrimed windows, standing, gaunt and silent, on the western eide of the square ; and, po0sibly, those witnessea who bore testimony to variou~ aupernatural incidente in connection with tihe building thought that this memory of its outward appearance.was sufficient foun dation for the superstruetur? of legend which they built upon it to justify them in deolaring that their taots were tounded on fact. BS this as it may, we are now in a position to set all doubt upon the subject at rest, and 'o satisfy the pubic that the mysterious hones in Berkeley.Equare, which so long temained an object of curioseity and wonder to the pasaer hy, was never haunttd, weeas never the scene of any remarkable spiritual phenomena, never witnessed any ghaisly tragedly, and was, de opite its oucwarel aspect, as comnfortable and rrmimodious, and, at the same time, as c mi:nonplace, a dwelling as any other in that fashionable locality. Here. then, is the truth, as we have it on ithe very highest authority : A certain Mr. Myers--a cousin of a well. k.owu peer- left the houseis question, at his death, to" his elderly sioter, a very CU rise con dition being attached to the brquest-namely, that the mansion should be neither sold nor let: but the testator expreseedl a desire that his sister should quit her own house, in Tiloey. street, and inhabit the one in Berkeley.Equnre. The lady, however, having been born in Tnloey. street, and heing attachled to her old home, declined to avail herself of the mansirn in the rquary: so tie condition ,xprees d in the will oi the ecentric testa'or wasu acted upon. The house was neither told nor let; and in this empty condition it remained until the expira. tion of the lease, some five years since. It is not surpri-ing that, undier the circum. atances, various rumours got ?olat concern ing the house in B:rheley-rquare - stories which, we are to'd, greatly annoyed Mice Myere. Why should a mansion is the most fashionable district be untenanted I Why should such a valuable property remain unlet 1 No one onteide the family knew, audas no one could give a reason, runnur, with her hundred tongues, soon beceme busny with the reputation of No. 50. Ghoete were reported as haunting it; coiners were said to inhabit its upper rooms; bu', as a matter of fact, no ghost ever lhas med ito appearance in the house at all; no mysterious sounds have ever been heard; and nothing to cause ally a!arm has ever bhrn seen. Still, " it was very nttural," as our in lormnot rianrks, "that a house being empty for so many years should have given rise to so nlany se:ories"-though we ourselves never h ard but one; that which our contributor vouched for. The houee, moreover, wes not absolutely untenanted. A most respectable woman, the rtelct of Mr. Myere's coachman, lived, with her uiect, in the house, and Miss Myers herself, the owner, frequently visitedl it to aseure her. sell that all wias well. True, the windows wele never c'eaced, and this fact probably inu ere.ed the fiot:o, buh the pictures were on tlhe walls when thle I'ae expired, and the houne, when Ihctied over to its plesent owner, rwas in agauod state ,f repjir. H ivteer. niotithitaa'ling the uiololsued wir:eaw ther" was no want of applications trun, would be tenants. If Mins Myers had ehoa.u to evade the conditious under which thie hIouse Ird Ireen h tquathed to her she lighlt hbve lc it agoin and again, but;, of course, the lady wan precluded from doing so, and then the strange story of the ghost and the. Guardeman, which has had a moeet wronder ful popularity tor years. was conceived, and goitedt currency and credence. tiut tih a pictuareque tictiorn fis now, by the action of our cirrespin dent, completely ex ploded, rnd we are glad to have r.ceiverd the Iru~ saluoion of the matter. It seems that t ler in no haunted room in the house, and everry room was nlw.ays maintained, by the e-chlimau's a inow and her niece, in a state of " tidminese anoi natness." But, notunuaturally, trho .?etc. ior appeargtee of the house stimlatel public curiosity, We are informed that numerous applicatioss were made to the ewnera conuernin the a"uoanuy"-the asnp. posed 'uncanny --nature of the mansion, and the replies to these applicatioDs always aatin fad the writers that there really was n mystery at all I It further appears, as we have enid, that the lease f the place expired fve yeaes since, when it was purchased by the pre sent owner; and we are insormed that Miss Myere died lInt autumn. The forcgoig statemenet, then, is the solu tion of ' The myaste:y in Berkeley- eqoare." The ecntric conditions of a will caueC a flasrhionbe manesion to be closed; the du-ty, grimy windows give rise to sumournr e; and the eutinoned emptines suggests a cause-ghosts I On thil b·er some ingensous person constructs a dramlatic tale, which is vouched for by moat troetwerthy people, and written as fact. This in the history of the so called mystery, which urn net, cc rest for evrer "The mystery in Berkelrey.squ'are."-Pubic, Opinion. 