DIANA. i ' . She was as straight as an Indian arrow, large-limbed aud tall, with that peculiar j white skin which does not tau nor grow j sallow, l'he first liiana was not more pro-.J portioned than was this one. A combination ! of masculine strength aud feminine beauty ' — not feminine enough to be wholly woman, nor masculine enough be be wholly man. tier Ured-. was halt one aud halt the other. A imius black slouch hat covered her head, and a mau's black coat protected her shoulders ; a petticoat of thick, dark stuff hid the rest of her down to the aukles of her boot-shod feet. She rode a huge black stalliou, a creaturo as splendid aud fiery aud scornful as the scornful, tlery, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode his back. Au imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in the dilating nostrils, upthuging heads, aud eyes restless with uutamable de fiance the close kinship of two souls before metempsychosis made oue beast and one human. She was Diana; the horse's name was ' Satan.' Liana loved Satau aud Satan loved Diaua. It was thought that neither of them loved any other liviug thing, aud it was a certainty that no other iiviug thiug loved either of them. Diana pulled therein and Satan stopped witti one fore- foot uplifted. Iney looked like a ebouy-statued Centaur. Before tbem the sun svas setting — sinkiug, sliding down a little aud a little into the futherrnost edge of the plain. So su.«-y and red and so close to the dead grass iu seemed it must set it afire. Behind them the blue, suow-lined wall of the Sierras reached up to the clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red sun-rays until its many league crystal bosom seemed struck by 6ome sudden transforming force -of nature, and each single drop of wator changed to diamond* The ebony Centaur let its foot slowly to tbe ground ; it took off its slouched i hat, its four eyes looked. straight- iuto tho west. A lizard scampered away, rustling the dry grass with its scaly legs, a squirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up on its haunches, with eyes standing inquir ingly up ; its meek, surprised eyes stared as straight at the Centaur as tbose of the Cen taur stared into the west. For all other sign ot' auimated existence on the piaius these might have been all that in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tiuted spread its glow ; the glory in the west and the gray iu the east touched edgts at the zenith. High over the dimple- glittered, glisten ing, aiaiuond-bosomcd lake the armies of the suu built pyramids aud domes and batile mcuts of white-flceced clouds, iu silver and ciiinson and opal and gold, tbat rose aud towered aud toppled over iuto a smoke girthed amber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down to the earth and spread over the hot ground and the brown dead clover. It crept to the fuet of the Centaur, and over its blactf glossy hide, and stole iuto the face of the woman. The scorn, the defiance faded out ot it, the hard liues of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul, aud lighted her features with the pureuess ot tbe virtue that has chastened itself in the smelting furnace of sin. The Ceutaur was transfigured. A bioad-branched oak — the only tree for miles around— stood near ; a man, followed by a sneep-dog, supped from behind. He luaJe uo uoise auu wasuotseeu. He was sun-burned, and unshorn, and roughly gar meuted. There was an odd twitchiug of the muscles about his mouth, aud as be wutcbeu the process of traasforiuatiou in tne woman's face, its spirit leaped into his own. Without any conscious volition he readied forth his bunds and cried out, ' Diuna.' Was it the reflection of the sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did sbc hear? She touched the rein and Satan bcunded forward, the ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration uo iougur. It was again the spleudid, scornful, defiant creature, bating humanity aud smiting the earth with con temptuous feet. Tne man with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, tueu walked slowly away, takiug an opposite direc tion. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as he approached Lhe door of tue enigmati cal construction burlesqued with the name of ?? House.' ' See, Bill, will ye, looks like he was walk in' tiome in the shadder of his coffin, aud Sbcp sneaks along like he'd been a-stealiu' sueep.' The man, to whom the words were ad dressed, looked out, then dropped hie eyes and answered in a lower tone and softer voice than the other : ' Don't joke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one of his bad ways. I wouldn't won der if he'd seen that woman again. It's enough to make one think she's a ghost haunting him the way he' looks after he's seen her.' 'Ha'nt be dogoned ; I'd like to have such a solid fantasmagory a ha'utin' me. ' Stop — he'll hear you.' 'The one who spoae last got up and walked out at the back door to stop the taik of the other. 'Well, I'll be golled; if I was as thin skinned about other people's feelin's as some people, I'd ger. me a patent outside,' mut tered Brassy. The cause of the remarkB seated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood-pile in the yard, took out his pocketknife and com menced whittling. u Shore sign,' growled Brassy, looking out as he passed back and forth, cooking supper; 'alluz whittles when he's got 'em. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for bein' cuticularously tough, but then them moods, an' teuies, an' them tine-haired feel in's helpB a fellow out of lots of cookin'. Who could ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or expect a youngster with the brine so close to his eyelids to bile murphys? Say, Bill, what makes you so down in the mouth? Seen a ghost or anything?' Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. ' Yes, I've seen a ghost. Supper ready 2 ' 'No, but I've got her onn-bilin',' cheerily answered Brassy. He was a very home-made philosopher, and Archimedes would most likely have re jected the mathematics of tbesoliloquy which he indulged in. 1 * Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a bard thing to cipher out. Now, tlier's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary one of which ever recollected that grub hez to be cooked, and nary one of which everforgitstofeel the symptomsof approach in' meal time. But which ever' side you git on, grub's in the middle, therefore splicin' two and two, and makin' it versus a unknown quality which is grub, I find by tbose figger in' that grub is tho syntax .of life, an' the result of the calkerlatiou is Brassy hez to cook it. Brassy had to talk. If he had not anyone else to talk to he talked to hinnelf. Tliey were a diversified three that sat down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a liourish against the wall. Moody, reserved Bill, child hearted Dainty, who had been rechristened thus by by Brassy because of his slightness of stature aud fastidious ways, and the irrepres sible, philosophical, good-natured Brassy, who talked when he should have said noth ing, and said nothing when he should have talked, aud always hit in the wroug p. ace. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands ou tuat territory ol range whose boundary line was marked by its vast louesom'mess. But in a climate where the .squirrel, the owl, and the rattle snakedwelt peacefully in the sums abode, even these thiee might har monise. The moon was full, and the men eat out side of the cabin, two of tbem taking their after- supper smoke. Tne mysterious calm of the breezeless night had put upon them its spell of silence. { Bill sat with bowed head, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove- wood, aud Daiuty held a cigarette carelessly be tween his thumb and for.efinger, and' blew contented little puffs of smoke away from his mouth. Brassy tugged aud puffed at an old pipe, ami watched Bill from under the rim of his hat. ?4 Bill,' said he, ' you ought to smoke ; it'd be a mighty comfort to you, an' save a heap o' good stove-wood.' Bill s only notice of the remark was to shifc ends of the stick aud whittle vigor ously, Dainty moved uneasily and gave Brassy a warning glance ; but no warning glance ever could catch Brassy's understand ing. lie always maintained it was against his priuciples to take hints. ' Tes, smokin' is the most continuous com fortin' amusement I know of ; nothiu' like it to put a man in good sperrits, onless it's puttin' good sperries in a man ; an' stove wood in this country is mighty hard to get. Yes, Bill, you oughtto take to smokin'. It's, palaces, an' diamonds, an' 'llabian steeds to the pore man. Course they got up in smoke, but they're his while they're goin'. If you're hungry, it's a sort of soothment to the place i 't'u achin' for victuals. If you're nlone in a howlin' wilderness it's wife, cluluron, and friends — they go up in smoke, too, but yout have 'eiu while they're goiu' ; an it. keeps tb& female sect from ha'utin' a lonesome bache lor.' * He looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward Bill. Dainty puckered his brows into n most speaking frowu and asked, ' Brassy, do you know why you are nofc like my old kinte /' 'Dunno, 'less it's 'cause theknifeshuts up sometimes. Yes, there's most always somtt difference between {people aud old knives ; now, there's Bill ? ' Dainty jumped up and threw away hia cigarette, 'Boys,' said he, 'let's take the dogs over to the river and tree a wild cat.' Brassy pocketed bis pipe immediately. ' Right, me lord, I'm yourn when its wild cats you talk. An' if Bill wauts to go, the# triumvirate s agreed ; if he don't ? ' He may sigh to the winds, to the God dess Diaua, But his days they will end on the -isle of St. Helena.' ' He sang the lines of the old-fashioned* long-out- of-date song iu a most unmusical - voice, aud it might nave beeu tbe melody 1 that made Bill start so suddenly that he \ overturned the stool on which lie sat ; it ? might have been the moonlight that made him pale. Dainty hastened to interpose, with the suggestion that if they were going tUey had better start. He could not nave toid why he thought Brassy s insinuating nonseusc would give pain to Bill, or in what mauner it could pain him ; he was one of those peculiar natuies that kuow nameles* things by intuitiou. He diu not care for wild cat hunting, but knew prowling about in tbe river bottom, trying to scare up ' varmints,' was one ot Brat-sy's weakuesseB. Beside, tuure were few ctiveJbious to break, tue monotony of thesheep-berders'existencet eveu though tuere were three ot them, and they herded their own flocbs and rode theie own hoiscs. It has been said jocularly of sheepherd ing. ' It takes but three mouths to turn the strongest biain.' The saying had a good foundation, mora especially if the titue were buuiiuor. Think ot a uuman being, endowed with the attri butes of diviuity, set down on tbose vast, plains to. follow, day after oay, a thousand nuad of bleating aneep— sheep are always bleating; day alter day to see the suu rise, ? t red aud sultry, to shiue aU oay through a cloudless, cuangeless bky ou a chaugeicss, brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, aud siuk out of sight, red auu sultry, ut eve. To hear, night after night, the weut wiud1— always toe west wind- blowing its dreary music, and the howl of the prowling coyute» night after night the same sounds, oay after day the same sceues, his compamonsuip the lizzard and the horned-toad — always follow ing round and round that thousand head ol bleating sheep The moon was high up in the sky when they reached the timber of tbe river, which was about three miles from their camp. *? Boys,' again said Dainty, ' I'm somehow sorry I asked you to come to-night ; I feel like something was going to happen, and ? that we ought to get out ot here as quick as 5 we can. ' Ob, gosh, Dainty, your feelin's is too close to the atmosphere. What you s'pose could happen ? Think Goaquin Marietta er Three-fiugered Jack's a luxuriatin' in . tbe shadders of the uuderbrush, scented our money-pocketa an' layin fur us, as it were ?' Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous, and Dainty said no more of his undetiued fear. An hour, two hours, three, of tramping,, and not a wild cat was amiable enough to tree and be killed, much to Brassy's dis gust. Tired out, they started home. *' Listen, don,t you hear a curious sound ?' said Dainty. All of them stoppedand listened, but only for a moment. ' Merciful God I' shouted Brassy, 'run for your lives, it'a the river overflowed I' They sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and briars, and many stumblings. 11 If we could only get to the slough fust,' p anted Biassy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feat beyond, but a wall of water higher than their headB was rolling down with terrible swiftnesB upon them. The water from she river overtook them and lapped around their feet aud up to their -, waists. It was useless now to try to reach the slcugh, impossible to cross it if they could, that crackling muffled roar was too near. They were between two floods ; it was a moment to act without deciding. With one accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty and hoisted him into the forks of a large sapling, by the side of which they stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute later they were in the midst of a ^ mile-wide waste of fast-rising water. Be- *- hind them was the terrible, swift, rolliug t river, whose head was in the heart of the eternal snows; before them the slough, over which they had walked dry-footed three hours before, rolled another river, swift flowing, muddy, ice-cold, and deadly deep. Tbe sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into the chilling water, and snook and shivered to its topmost twig wheu some floating object lodged against it. Higher rose the flood and swathed their soaked garments about them ; it was so cold — so cold clinging; aud the nightso balmy an l warm, i^nd the moonlight so soft and s-» beautiful. ' Partners, ' said Brassy, ' I reckon we m euchered this time.' 'Looks like it,' responded Bill, 41 and I'm quite willing.' ' Well, then, you're the fust man I ever saw that wns ready for rain. Course we'u hev to swing out some day, an, drownin*, - they say, is a easy death; buttobeurowndud like a parsel of treed squirrels disagrees with me. 1 might 'a' knowed these hot days, 't's cooked the grass dry enough to make yeast powders, 'd melt the snow an' bring down a . Hood. Yes, I've lived nigh the river long enough to be a-lookin* out fer a thing like 1 this. An' I deserve a soakin' for bein' so on- : s thoughted, but I dou't like to be drownded like a miserable squir'l.' (to be continued) 