NO) ROBBERY; M rs. Christie's was a thing but an untles. ant house, and the people gwho wore slatuyrig in it wero any'thinig but unpleasant. My procon. celted notion had been that the folks one would moot in-a bourdinghousoe ,wero of. a doubtful sort; at the best it sooeemed inevitableo ht tthreo would be social cats Ipmurrig itooqouitoitively and treacherouslyallabout., So-it wits a welcotme surhrtno to fied the house- so tdifferent from my antltpations,. . MIrs. Christio heorself Iknow butslightly. She was the widow of a mining engioeer- -who' had done goodtorvrco to our family in my:,father's days. She hld set up- a ,boarding.house on uosnet street, and wheo it happonatl that I had to goup to town to consult' my "old 'eollege frientd .uarton, now a barrister, about some business, inste?d of putting up at my usual qulrtors; I wnt," at my mother's roequst to Mo.: Cuhristio's; not without somo mtsgivngs about the wisdom of the stop I was taking; but I thought that anyhow it would be a now ex porsonea ; anudthat was just whatit did prove to be eventually., . . . dho company_ was made up of aa Indian army doctor and his d tugdhtr, e being damsel far to look.upon; two spinsters fron'Slhropshire; a west comttry parson and -liis wifoe; 'rs. Christoe's nephow, A clerk toi a book; myself, nndt a cuplotabout whotin'no -ono know suy. thitg--save Mcrs Christie, and she not much but olom oevry one allowed to - be: th'nmost ctarming and delightful 'poeopld-:theyo-had met fot morly a:,sy. dn "?r:' and Mrs. AYalcot had travelle much; and were evidently well' road, but thoy'neithero wcoriood one's- anrs with 'toe gloresi of Capri or Grmnadad nbr pestered you writli tlk about books they had road ,and you hadn't ;' they made no, .displhay,,cnd, t ough brillimtt'tonvln artiontlists; tihey- wore just the plspont kind of people in whoseo omprnyyou could sit without oautnlg to talk atoll. . . He was a tall, spriolyt blllt nmon well set up, with regular features,'amuo of fine beating, yet not quire lioke a 'sbldier; sihe was hardly so d?otinguished looking us lior husband, hardly so handsomo ; her features just missed regularity, but'oyes and mouth had a fuaclhmtingpiqunany of Okpression whlih reedo her themosstattraotliv wotn'I had over metg-I thought so then and I think so still; though I have consideraly ox. tended my e?terineeo itnoe thlose days when my mother guarded her fledgling from the attac,;': raptiicous- or'insidlous, of every bre?d of hoarpy. Dut the moost lloeing 'trit in this cotpltfwaoe thtnt'hough eso'jlnily devoted to ouea othber, aond otisflod wotlh ?tisir'ow 'company ,'tley. weore not wholly eaten' up'with mutual aolmnr. lion ;.thoir -naturo'seemed, tou-hlaveua symnlta i ttietie foeeling that-moldod 'itnolf'tto utt the dispositions of those around, without sscrifctng, its own individunlity.',o :wondr aloil likedi tiheml; I was particularly grateful for their i courtesy, not; tong o blcusod o o eitler.'looks or style; I hud unfortunately inherited my mother's mannoerand myi fnthor!s~faro;-had it boon the' other way about, I should:doubtless, have: proven the social sucness'vwhch I. woe painfully conscous, that I;now was not.. .Aqd it must have.been out ofpure good nature thiat thoy,we so frioendly, for, had made It apolnt with-Mrs. Clhristlo--whetbershe:kept her pro. mise Idon!t know-that site should.sa notliotgj to her -guests about; .En?nshawHall,. or .tho, i mines; or bite plate andplctures, ormymother'f i funmous diatonds,, or fito glors of a country., s house thatwomentlove... ,.: - +-.. - , -.,- .' SThe onlyonevwlo didnot take kindly to them was rMartou. On thoeThuneday after we :hnd aoncluded our businsss'I pravoiled upon lom. to dine with me at Mrs.-Clhmtie'l, asd.t rtemember ntoting how everyaooseemedtoboat his orh. her beat; ,ovenol'larton's osscr featureso relaxed, r and: lhe- showed, hlmhelfalmost "omoreethan courteous to the Indian ?iol,;betwoen whom und ,ono of the Shropshalr sputsters he wns sitting, s ,videntlytquito satieflod withr his enviroumentt as be owned when I was n sutting him bLck,' asb they eay in tloNorth; to his echmbers, A' but-' S.' But me nobuts; what is wrong now c Why, thloso people to whom you hav taklen l so- violenotly the-Walcots.'. :,..... ; , :. , .,' ' What about them, Mr. Seinsort' . - 'Thoygaysmo auuncomfortablefeetlog; not that they looktuncany. butoI,,ul-hauntod-by , the ghost of some orridng roominlsoouence,oas 11. had noon that woman's oyoobsforer-aol Id-,a'a tsreaI?ihvs-butt When'iorelwhe-,I enauot I, "ecollect; and Iam etuallysuro they.wero eon-' nected-with sonmething shaidy.-,what that, too, vasI, annot.bethlnlb -ame;a hnazy, inudoufiite. I Srolloetion it was, but one that elungto tno'ioll the while:', . . ... . - ].... ..:" - I a ly t suggast dyepopslal- too hard work. indoors, te aiexrcise.'. l? i" e. r?r': I.Maybo-you'aro right, butdo you, too, u00 a pinch of" caution-in omonthtigyour new irond. phip. -Good-night.' ., S:-A few ovenings bosfooreI wont hom, t s o Walcot and -I: were in the, smoking-roomri I :asked him if,:] would not brinsg Mlrs. Valcpt down, to Eamtshawfor a fw,-.dands.. It Woaso near the end of May,.the lay. flynflssgin would, bo.onduring.:tho noxtt tendays sotlihat horo 'would; be .nomething to, do bosude ,oouoingthe? I country, whichwas. magnitlcnat ; thoroo woroea few. shoow plaoons fr thoso, who runrod forthbno,, and toseoaon was in its -primo :for dletveso or t the hills. :?I put forward ,oll, tle httmstioni of the place to, nlduce him,, to: omes dovi-;. I could Bseeoo that Mrs. Walcot.ould'hlt;;it.ofI e with bmy not too easily pleased otuher, espo ciolly boeaneo being oaoiried she could not polssibly boea sires, atnd the men had plenty to thlk about, yet neveor tired one with tllking of t himeeolf . - . ... . , " I was rathor surprised then whnv he ho si. hated about aoccpting :an invitation so rtoe ?arvodly giveou.. -Why should he'stammer, antd, I thought, positively blush and hoesitato about eo simpnle a tantter, espoecially as- at first Ihe scmodu eager.to come,.for his face had lighted 6 op elhoorily,:ut sts ohsbouroddreotly aflterward by a gloomty look, almost otto of sadness Thoro was ertulinly., a to?o of distress i Iis t voilcethosnistd,-You , o are very kind. I'tad my wife-I know I bn spenk for ltor-slotld greatly llko .to, comie nortlhuard, lut. it Is sooreely ptotsiblo.' This, came .with mo?o wnrstht of.dotire to aCcept tlio invitation tlhou dotttt Of - bovlietiou otlout its im]oissibility. 1 After some furtoher preossure, etidltlyt yiollttg, at last'he oald : *You are reallry so frienlly that it wottlo ;be no loSt ttngrl't(ful ttan oougracious to ke-l, lchk from you the rot l e .aotn tvhy ,o shtrink from wltat promises to lto so pleaosnt a visit; nel; wlhat weo ltvosezr of you itl ttholtlst two-k frees air- me from any doubt that you will not lot what I tell you go further than yourself. My wife, to ow, whom, as you know, I am devotedly attached, has a sad uafliction. Until her illness, two t is years ago, there was not a trace of what would tfor now make her life an intolerable burdena wore 'ou- slto not supported by our strong mutual aftoc. ory tion and confidence. After that illness she do. voloped kleptomania. Till then the most red scrupulously honest and perfectly exact woman led I have over known, site now has a strange passion for serreting, not anything and every. era thing, but only jowoellery; strangely her to ailment only rum in this groove. By koeeping a strict watch, I have hitherto been fortunnate Tao enough to restore whatever trinkets' alo has ro- surroptitiously removed. A few intimates only / rvo know of our trouble,ond, and they understand t how things are, we fool less unhappy; still one aroa, s anxious, and this is why we have rather slirunokfrom accepting the many. invitations eo I ott: reoeivnfrom the friands who, we believo, hvoa a a's genuineregard for us.' : , .'I think you might reckon me among them,' his said .I,'' and now that-I know and amt so to h speak, forewarnoed, why should you hesitateP ot I could tell my mother what you have told 'me to bfore you com, unless '---seeing something of a doubt in his fac--' you would rather I didn't." S To tell the truth ,' he said after a pauseo ' if the knowledge could be confined to yourself I nthink it would be bettor. Posibly there ma I be no trouhlo-while we are with you-I am as in stuing that you would still he willing to have or us--and then ther- would be no telt to have u at thes barod our wounds.' , ! 'Vcry. well; if aytlling does happen we stlrlll I' Sfinfd it out and yen, ant mod nback-whmtover is " taken, and then I-an,explain..it -all to. my tl mother; ,and if nothing is toke in, nbod willhe a any the wiser. ' You'eo, to, that Mrs. Walcot" ipstneed not know anything about my mother's b jewels.' a ' Prp, are they very valuable or attraotivo P' • ' Both; and my mother is rather careless, as I" 'd think, about these trensures, which are ohlefly B at diamonds", she will keep them in a cabinet in n her boudoir the last place, she says, where a' Sburglar would search if one ouludgot in; the r' wit?wdo s look out on dhe cliff ever the rivorand ournevants are trustworthy. " Sie says she will not havo then long, and we must indulgeia n t old woman's wh-as. Still oea will not pharad them, or even speak of them at all, before Mrs. 0= SWanleot. he 'Yes,' said he, looking relieved,' thit will h Shbe'est; we will not lot'her know of their as '0 xastco. Attdnowthlnatyouedorsttndahllshall I' 't holeappy to bring aty wife ; only,. by tilhe way, t don't hreatho a word to mtadoame to intimatoe to hot that you know wmt I have just told you ;as ' for, if sheo ven suspeSted ybu know, nothing o o earth would iluoce her to come northward/' t ' So he it. My mother will write-vet me see, this is Tuosdaytyou'li got her Invitation aon Thuerday, so that. you can accept and" come h towe, if it silsyour conveneaeo, on Saturday; th then our iarnmonmen will lit in.' . re t r, . w t. o fri A few leaves from my diary : h Friday, Ma 30th.- ; wroteto theWalcots; al marelloaly civl. Signed deeds. , Lunlr with Th SMarton. Walotu oery.at dinner, evidently do pleased with th, prospect of it especially t j..had not forgotten to invitte Vanus." I' Satunrday. that.-Doen:s by 10.00 express. i Weunder of weodors, M. :at station with piebald Iontiee; but slho takes marvellonsly to Mrs.o m ' nalcot. 'weo days' rain.... lTter ' be good ar Sater to-morrow, of course, whon we mayn't lish... . B I'Sunday, Juno I.Lively ia usual, but taken ret the Woalets uptho gleno im tha rownng to s} a favouritu spot. Mr. Wa luot i etmaptured with thoe place. oai ' Monday, I ad.--Of in the drizzle to fish. tal Really a good day, thirt oura braes of trout. Walcot not half a bad taid. IElvoto leave the tlo wroman.kind atlhoue; hepo tltey.sou't got into tnk mischief .. 1. -'Tuesday, 3rdl-A really good day, fifty-three ca brace and. three sea-lise. :3. drivms -Mrs. ho Walcot over the hill to ta the mines. . tiul SWenlosday, .tlt--Stssias. 01. drives the sne Wulcots to Ulleswater. At dlinner tolegtmn for nsa 'Waotn. Says they oraut lerst ho, mustgo din early to-morrow;. LM. avants lhim to leave ast matnuue till Satarday. - Shie cossnts,l keeping y Venus. The 'dog's, useloss as a guard;., heard lo the beast snuffing in the corridor daring the ati night. ,. , , .. . the Thursday,- kth-Va"eos rambling nuini; f-ew hneard her when :stable, clokl .struck two.. .and Walcot goes. Stroll n woods all mtorting;, aot teach Mrs.!\\\'alcet to fly lisl in aftertoon... not ' Ferldny, th-Miueh toa" yesterday, but fish fort with Ms.\Vn.alcot, inmarang I.Drive alter do, lunch: ,'. * . M Ma . 'Sturdsay, ilth--Soo Ira. \Velacot off at opt eleven. Drleadfllydull day.. I- olope Marton rom meyhow won't :disapipoint me ;. he's sure to and coe ns Ia aIked him, -:now 'the o'Valcots kare T gon. . . ; . vitl Sunday, 8th-As ler usual ; yet Isurva've. ce 'Menday, 9th-Hare's a -strange matter: viet Walnrot writesa that after all se did take my, Sine mother's dliamonds;'.luckily lI found it dit dire immediately on uher arrtval, aid las sent Iteavile sie hnsured by train from Loeamigton. to Pcnrith i to ranit thiro, notwanitlng to attrnat attentin for at Etnrnstaiwhy a registered packet ef that size ries coming by post. Drive to Poearith, find parcel, Chr mighty . thaunlul to get diamonds, quietly ra- who plucenrn thechkinot: By greatest tuck M. lhnd tite never discOvered their ibheoje.;. ''' -er iBy.tltewavay,hoes did lrs. Valnot kunow So, abeut the diamonds P'YWalcot.would not tell yea bdr,'ofcurd.' SupIosn sle and tloematerrgot tha tlking, and they must havoe hbln exhibited '"on )tol of those doays eweore,t shlang; Can't iask M.; mott wiat I suppose. Perhlps, the ioor thheg felt theiibogimuang of the cravgmc, and concedled h:ir kno6wledge fromn her Ithshand; or, ?i.st ?ssibly, didu't'.sd" theps itill'. he Ihad gote; ].T.dovor ull'i.'vieal0 thai-budS well. Si tat lnestr a Had all ended well . The night after Mar. cone toie amns he made many inquris, s:eor'"our ths. Aeles, aboutthe' ,alebts, tand stll seemed to a have an unsecouutablo proejuilid againit thdmi' day It sa nusgoodto sho ohaw much my mother, as n a;i?, tho?ght of, him,"aoil h6w: takhig, et able -mplot his wife wo, 'till at 'lit'I:' row quito tem warm n defensceof my new frienns, iisd for hem fproof positiv told Mrton in whlat a straight who foia?rird'wavy'alcot had iunformed me bf his' p Wife's failing,'and how qjuickly hod iha ,dv s n.tie' ,aaie to remedy what' hadt happened." Martin f cn listened very quietly to uy argumenutowithl' his an sphinx-like lace,' ', " 'ol, ny us I' cauneludid,' and rea??ed into'a grim iile'almniost niore sggavat' W tng than his foruer'ilpooetrabilityd y...' ItoU \- Whaton earth makes you look like ttF' I ly saId, trifle holty. ' --. ners "' 'Deer boy.' smee Marien, dryly, '.If'I told mdd you you aroldionly be- more angry than 'you but are now, so what's the Osod F' ,. t,? a . not. ai ,'aTý'outwith ita;l mokn I'm'inclined to cur chmmion mylfriends; but'I:should nttety theo may b0 sure, if I had not the fulleat-ooufidenoo 141 is thlem.' .a'rt- ' . : ,, . dl?r .T' hat is e"plain for all man to see," and you a will .be annioyed if .I speak out, but I-will risk tl that, foryour wrath nill -oonbhlewsov-e.', :"y te thoughts comoa tolis'; am not euro thrde" is Pa hot asomethieng wrong about those ditmemds.' iw "WTrong'l--II'-w could there possibly be P. !Le" S'AI haven't :annlald tlil.tlt'dc hetly'}et we Rive yo eaexoninnod, th oes na careuofttlly snc wat ,yougot thormn hck F' -...., I. \- ' To teall'tle truthkin'evrthougtt of it only wn just opened theo'case inddlanid them'n in tne' h 'othinsl an quiekly.anatdquletl3 as posible: -But' haiy ewhatacouldlhapleun .to thlemt If ss Wa*Vlctottly t 'left here oua Satnaday, end' the dteinionnds aroe 50 'back on Monday.. Wlamt eaaleaeh v gohon a" tUe in tlhat tinme ' " alto -. ''othing an tbuiintime ctistly huh- ' t.But.wat ?' tite -5,Don't te hosts. I wna thinmitig- B: y- n ;the-way, hava tlnooe stotae beieetsmes by no a it .: es, not two ,mdnti?goo- omo' S tmas1im had osmo loosowehoi non weor "ip. InsLoxdondou wo, and my mother took tlisemto Itoskol'ts o I ';as 'ett" E with her and remembLer what the nntan mtide'O - T tlhem.' .+ ,' - . + she. .'I'll askesne tldin'g'f ye's, td et us havo eal those dlmeouds examtinld. If'thare ie nty thing'vooug, it tsrfult tone you should' I-now; ler l'tlseye dt ritetehtydu will Isave a legiltnnate roer croewover me, mnd tou may crwan loud "oh evot ree youe like.' . , , " '' has I still felt terlvoked with 'afirton,' lut hbro -1' Waea rchelese, indred a emrtainty, of lroving his tlte suspiedons faouudoel, and nheinave that evTn thi asteto aorton wasn ot iifalliblo, so Ireti. maco sentod moro readely than I should otherwise":ei havo denta. ' '.' "- - - - -. Ot' 'All rigbt, but hdw are we to get them amra''leek to he looaked t wlthoutts mother's kanowing?' aset 'lring a mnte 'verfrom' Poearith oe Cearllto when Ers, Euatole'ln' ouet: 'nd eitseibly"'fe e soneeelorlpure.so.' -:fe ,; And this was'wthnt csas'doni. t Tho mann toor wlhom 1 seaft hlad more kntowleelge, es I cmew, t thau moat loanl'leeltlorso and wcas lie 'fo s -ot caneie tite tnat' oateni6cneos ?nd while amy motlter n u wisbepylnega'mnll?eu'0elems thespaniro will tht lfaevtneennd m?s'elf.' aTo tar" unrmottenabls- ot. ault ftsieon idid hb'ftor; so'pri;0o nsu d iodthi itonne ten she stdaes nt 'iilt, but'pnstn, eiii.fFt .very good ac, plste, oithor . o "L ` ""?: e ' '-' '. ifarton did not laugh stew, he was too nmleeche She Oaaw-senoel aboent.toy eobveaus ,distro ltlid - te, anoloysncce. 'To :tlnd,'noa s. itldl: so utterly a apl sttlereld was anstunning heloivs ; 'lut I hnl 'to eve nreuso myself, for thlero were others to he cort. nov Lt I sidered. What on earth was to be done? TIid to original stones were worth many thousands of nod, pounds; I did not like that loss, but the so prospect of my mother's trouble, when old the truth locamo kunwn, vexed mo infinitely oro more. ce- 'A Anyhow,' said Marton at last, 'let us keep do. itquiet forlo the proout. I have no doubt Mr. oat Rtasthloru w-il say nothing about it to any tan one.' Igo Itawstliorno, whom he had known for ry" 'ars, promised silencc, and 'I urn ure he er kopt his proamise. After he had guon, Murton s I don't know exactly whai mane me sus i ] pinions, except the conviction that I've seen n that womau before and in connection with no something, that wasn't straight;"':,You,'said' cr there wasn't time to got thlose stoneos olhangcdd tobetween the Saturday, the day: Mrs.. Walocot a left Earnshuw, and the Monday when you got, them back. liut how, if it wasn't Mrs. WValcot at all who.took them on the Saturday, to but ho on tho-which day did he go? ?YdnOes s No a on Thursday by an early traln.' '. Voll, if ho took themn on the Thursday, he Scould'gut' thoem ' changed by the Saturday night ; no doubt he had the false ones ready, if or somewlrro'within easy roach-Birmingham, Smost elkely;. os posted them; you said, in. ' But how could they have got the dia monds Fo , I made one more struggle: ismy unwillingness to bliovo. .'.I don'tp think that they were out of ouright t all, - ecopt rll I orlps when dia ssag for uinner, and at that is himmy msother wold he'sierolf beo' dressing in the next room with tie intorvoiiug door'op eh aond whn'theys went to biod.!''' : . , ,e,'o' • ' ' Ahil wore 'tlhey: in bed ,all lnight oP lOYour' bedroom is the next the boudoir ; "did your hoar any one enter, or any noise' h s Nothling; I sleep soundly-tby the way, yes, butI did. I heard that wretched Venus t soufing about, and I told Mrs. Walcot in' the mornting that Venus was not much to do end on for a guardian, the creature rambled about so.' Wd 'Wihat did sl o say ' I ' Nothing that h remoember.' 's euro hlie got hold of tlhemthen, and took the dog etlhr to givo wanning, or to aort d an excuse if he were fouad at that side of the house by saytngtheo doghad lipped out and he II had folowted to find her. A prettyo piece of r ork you will ha've to get tm loolak. If you Sgo' at him straight o he will declare the stones ore as s o wifes. brought them, and that e ou .aer. not ..actin s a gentlemnan should-tint is whoere he will thave you-in suggesting tlhat thoeylavo changed them. So often husbands have sold their wivos' diamonds and substituted paste that ho can easily, insinuate that you have had them t Schagehd yourself to spend on larks, witlout. the mater, your agenot, your banker or oany one obeing the wiser, ad lie will ay you have taken dvanutagoof whatho told you as a trusted friend ;..hs casn mako out a specious case, and a manof thatstanmp can hovent otlir 'fletions hardly less. annoyoIg. Mrs. Walcot stayed (lono with you' I think you said, from the Thursday 'tilt the Satirday. I suppose you don't mind spcnidhog a houdred'or two over the business if you can' only rcover them ' 'Certainly, and twico as much for tho thing ' neverto havo happcsed. I can liardnllyporsuado myself oves now that they could be guilty of such klosavry.' " ' n?arons said no more, but laid hold of a E Bradshaw, 'mId despatched a tologram, 'the k reply t lo whicgaves 'a plausible excuse forhis goingoff the next morning, and sine I was ti too uncomfortable to rest qalotly at lomo, I ro said 'I would. go 'ith him for three' or four lays. t s ' " fou l ut ttmro ewas 'astheri thliog to to done; tako a the trinkets itl us we must yet we could not hi take tlloth without my molher'se knowledge. ~Itrtou's readiness and deeieon solved the difn culty. He asked ssto'show him the jewehls; he ltha dolinerately snapped a bit of the sot- T ting, so that two of thle stones were looseoned. I I stared in naealosente but he simply said ' ait,' re aod put the aseo back in the cobinet. After dinner, as it was a rainy eveniog, IMarton madr e l as tlhouch heo wanted to be amusecd, and askoed my smoller, like a spoilt child, to be allowed to a look at her: dlinsaonds for a treat. She swas rather suiprised at such frivyolty on the part of o the sedatu and stern narton, but of course had a thelsm hrought." As:soou as ths t eCasswsolened, e anod eho.'elaci ianirao o£-thlo ?aicldosrt,. my - motlihr'wos'loudi in her lumentatiodsi, and thad fa no thought about anyloingosxro t howehe ehis - fortune laad 'happened, enu d cnohat wasuto be mt done; but'sho'" wa? soaowhlt pacilled when a Mtrtos sug1bsoted that we should take:tlio?,sot lu op to tonr is'tlhe m iondng ind got the mischlief m roemdiedi;:l ofisllI had that uan's Iromptitdudo anld terevos. ' ,'r 00 Thenext'nigllt saw us in close conference ha with.a dlotctivo-I oohate those, crawling t creatures, bt.thloere-wos no hoieo--asod we -ro ad view the sitoation. ?lcrero wore the 1uValcots? d Since tlioy would doubtless brazen it out if c directly bmllengod, t nhey nould prolbly not be of omocial?t aoxious to coceal, their wliereaboutf As tihey had dpoken'bf returning to LIrs. Christio's' t for ra 'oui'(of days, msd thes visitiln somes et friends before going ouser- to ' Paris, so Mosm; ir Chrstie woull prolanblo be able to informi us whdroethley were Hoad they tlhe stones with ti them?- W's o gumeod so, ,od tlhaut these stones" tl' wore..to, be disposed of across the channel. co So io time was to be lout; if they 'wont. oe.- t youd'seas good-bye to oar chnsce of rcovering fo thbemn. 'ow onumrth sere thuey yecr'td begot wi hlol'of ? . . .' th (Loiter from Mr.'Jolo Deune) , a.ro,,-so .sOJ'185, 318. Stm,-On lea'insog you after o'iinogi your t instructious, I started for .tlde place. the oaorest statiou to Lytho Court: There'Ihlilkely t6t " ' edonsderablo difficulty gttiig 00ifootlhold at fl the Court but I decided to ,aks mviippreaehei Los a ''o ineh'aiigiug hirspllace anol tlking a'few lays holldayyin thone'nlhrourhbodthaving lived is irboy at' Neomarkrdt;rond Itssooowmg considero ablo' ahout'horares. Ntot'to take up too much time to the tolling, I may say I' wuas soon at re hon's:there, and:mindo free of th Ieervsats'-hall o whine, by,.mocanus of a civil tongue swito the gel uppep, servnlts, rmid a chiruppcy onsonner witl , tlo'suiacds, lthogoashl ablo to sena 'lively song, oft if cniled'upio; i bommo frindly with tlhe lot,' Dy ee nuld'consider whio:was likoely to boe useful, flo and leard thorwys of the visitdrs. I feoud Mrs." to WValcot didn't have no maid ?rlth ioer; thei louskeeper's soiee, wioe was vistiin hler aunt, ate ady's-mnaidcd hier ;'blit sloe has no good, see nervous,ssaid no spirit about her. :l There was a i, middling lot of serants, whltowith the visitors, but at last Ifixed on one, sir, oa yo0 might v soot.tthin'; She' os 'e Indian wonomani-a nurs=-a ny-oh they call them,r to tlio nieces of. tlios mstiraa, Mtrs. IHamilton, al bad come from India" in 'thb; ,bpsris- She' w-as uncommon fO dark, .ratihotersmall, 'but'lh?u nt finltrlsl Iook -et hbdout hier mouthi,- ard ':ler irord.oh' bi:lck eyes tuslod inotloieg. i? guessacd' elshe'i ould 'ot.t etick' at .trifles; and.wrould know s.a woll',ae. ma6stnidur '?'mminon ?langage, 'which lwas, ipmaouls, 'shilhings; mird'l pi ; 'sool a td it seemsd. best tolubrilcato the.marhiery,o frelo. th n ewo lmod comet an. uidorsti'dig walted "bsondtldnufig' done d6 lrsticularly t told' her 'who I" waso'oit whaint el h ws"after, 'alil how .thls 'oo'uplenooi'op'posoedi ho to 'bo 'ipoassession: of the stones knh wiv to have'b o.nl:clmongd. :I -?"wiaod er .to-'find lay coot if they lond'ths stones oith otheo, and if 0o to got them isto tier hands, ehalonghsg thorm if on oossiblo for this ulsa ones, boot anyslo gottong 001 :tie stonoes. od I promoiscda soversibs dosuii on thoe nail for'uery_ stone, .big or little, aud fUlore was known to be t5i. You sulold hase soen. her eyes glisten whes I told hter hoir nlohlos it sos ini their. noonv, rsies, nd, whzoa, I al showod tiertln tog'st sthoro; h' popesed te shloolt ploretodso.t t . ohisg'opiif'unjo,,y aod 'we should have nothiolg. to boteor. s ,but. thln othloer', coagt.. - Slho csughlt on direotly. '. d :rThat noss niglt she toldosm ini.the shrubbor)y " shte hod ?lsoeruol tlit' rs. WYalnut 'dressned 5 early-for dinner, loed oLaheays ldeklodtcr.h traots of 'bafore rnmiog',towisn, ssd carried tlob keys "inr Tb ber..pocet; the little dog coaus slept in hthloir 0 room; 'thoy loehdo this roooodoor. reiulrly " ' very nightlr, nd t her;re wasoarcal rmvolver in T..fheo lirstsupposition was that tihe stones, if a thooy hlad them at aol, wore iuo their tront. ms TluooI much doahtod.; etill the seareh halt to too ao made, anod to do thios either toe locks.munst tb piohud or Mrs. Waisot's keys ls got loolddef; thie former. altomrtsxo sao mee hlader;' on t'hu 'loots woalo probabty be well mndo, .but 'it 5 woohl takoe less tmoe tbnss waritiog to.nocur, tioson koes, isdtisnwma ass a object.., Acordingl9y, no u-t into tioe ayah's hmlos af boaeh'.Qf ;akoloto e ?0r to try ]er lock with to lots. ianslf'thi£ oh otl'rod eo russatoo, to overloaoul thbs tI-not no that night whlos thss" wero at dltlor. ' "This el 'eturotovae suoccssusib in outo mayv, ,I'htnot. in th assother. The wooomans's skilled flogaoras sters3 1C thllocks, but tlotons-ereno diaoloooods. ! Phl'loty s of ~ratty etoinogo,' dtslool, lbutoe diaooddo'; 1 hllolad tlouwsitto se if thu trutek had ony Ce secret reeolticle, I told her to esolnoio thle " high heo ls of her shoos. the tlsok ivory, lair- I lorusloes, ad all cUils of hoir, btot it was zno o ,Tlo han lo uroloe carrie I Iosn atoait? V',?ich? ft : She for clooio. b:ctloloo if footnllou tier it coohl Ih bo attribated to kleptoolonia, whiclh owouldnsot is 0l0ly0101 to bloje. Ilsils tie uooololicatloeos of so i woonna's drooo anforl hlejg ,;laces.i.wolir ts ' li, bocrotisenc- of ber churo'oeir ildilohta ho.. '. h T "o' Concluding, thecn- that she had them about Is of her, we had these difliculties to counteract: the 1. The presence of her husband. hon 2. The little dog. . , " tely 3. The locked door. 4\. Thorevolver. oop I. Finding the whereabouts of the etones. Mr. 6. Getting them. y. An hour's quiet walk in the lanes settled ohy plans. I concluded that the business must 'be for done at night, of it was to' bo 'done 'without he resorting to violent measures, and ` to 1. The husband munost be got away for one night. . 2 Venus must be dosed with a soporilic (and s her mistress, too, If neessary). eth 3. I know how to overcome this.. aid The meohanism of the revolver must be led disarand or the cartridges damped:; ot 5 and depended on the skill and nerve of rs Althu stops I decided to toko withiegard to each particular wore these :-: , :: : 1 ' ' '-1. To got the husband off the ground, he must be summoned away olsowhitherto'by a telegram ;" bt from whom, so tlmt he wouldd he bolieve it genuine and act on it ? I not Stiosh,, thalt was her noe, to watch the lotter-h a notthat he was very likely to entrust angthnng i hmportant to that, which'ano mighhsoo uns then strolled down to pick' up what sreps of flformatilon I could by look or crook at the S ost-ofince. And here Y had:an ine piece of y lck; As I entered tlhe office,:. whom should I Walnsee uha r. Wauaot himself, just hanoding in a ltelegrcam. ' What's this namte? Barrott, is t it ' asked the offic. ' Yes, it's plain enough,' t in was the reply in a sharp tone of anuuoyance. 's D a, r, r, o, double t,' slowly spelt the un- s movedopesrator,,'anidare these letters Bt C. C' . Yem, can't- doun'rend rped' 'rplid'r. WAlcot,n r very wrathfully. 'E.C.' repoated the mansl is the same monotnoous way as before; ' oflx d the stamp, please.' This was the lust straw. 11 ' - you,' said my geutleman, and quitted t so thoofic, sloamming the door; the telegraph 0 id man,.had to lick the stumps himself. Thrat t wasn't my business, thougbl I'd have hel:od i a hundred stamps for the information I lad d got. Retunngatoneuoto my rooms, Iwerlo I to a friend I often work with to scud this ill ok message without fail neat day from someustlicose in tie E.C. district: ' To ?nlcot, Lvtlo I Court, Iesmpston. Meet me at th Grdn 10I o to-nlght. Barrett;' and I also oslked lhim to t ,f despatch this at 0.30 next night: 'Walcot, di sGrand hotel, Trafalgar.square. Had to go do Ssuddenly, Paris. Barrett.' :at I should thus got Walcot away, and too w late for him to'return that night. He would it comeback neat day. without 'lving his sus icions unduly roused, and without hunt.l ig up arreltt, wlioever lie was, sup osiing' ti him off for Fnrae. I guessed ho would take h the bait, because he seemed riled at any one se ha Isering Barret's name in the telegraph oiles. I ju warnsd my co.operator by wire toexpect an im a purtosntletter. ' 2\. Half a dozen drops of laudanum in a bit dio of chicken at 8 p.m. would settle Veias nom- to fortobly for the night, and two or three hi bh madamo's cocoatina would be just enough to wi make her sleep rathller heavily. co a3. I told the aah to bring me the key of the go ledroomdoorat .415, when the guests would set h oe sat down to dinner. I had dealt with ms such before. Every key of this kind has a solid no asteom eding in a lusnob or boss, which stands an °outermost usthu locked door; with a narrotw ti flat file I divided this boss vertically in a slit an sl eighth of an inch deep, making it like a screw. sBy inserting a small screwdriver or broken pen. I knife hi the slit, it was possible to make th key rsrolvtc and open the door; in the same way wo the bolt might boshot back again and the door itt reloked, and apparently all be just as before. Ac Of course the loc sheould he oiled so as to work till easily. Mostpeople think- it safer to leave tho An key i the lockl hut this is no goodif the key s ' has been filed lik the one I held, and it never oceurred to Maclamo Walot to examine hers. 4\. 'Witlh a hypoomecrio syringe which Solyalh hunted up-it belonged to one 'of the fine ladies-I injected a fr drops of water P through tlie paper sheath of each cartridge the revolver hold. They were safe enoughi now. All these points were duly dealt with; in the first oely did we risk much, but our uoh?ces were as good as the enemy's, and as yet the ceo enemy wore unsuspecting. i As five and sir did not depend on mo Icould d only wait; but I relid on the yah there was ci a look about her sleoder brown fngers thlat s reminded 'me of wonderful tales of Indian I :jugglery. 1 wanted her to take some chlorn. nn foerm ince of accident, but she despised ts. p h'eat morning soon after unrise, she met a s.e in our usual uwalk in the shrubberT with a calm face, but in reply to my inquiry :.' WimI h luck ' unfastened her headger and poured into tra my hat what looked in the bright early, sun- fth eshio like a shower of sparkling dewdrtops.. I Ir said not a word till I had counted out into her 1 hands 157 sovereigns ; and when so had stowed ta them away I asked for the history of her lif adventure. This she told me at lengh, butI Th don't give it hero, for she thas' to' take the in. childres 'to London to-morrow,to rmost some bkm other relations, and as she will stayat'-the rsB Aunednl at the Emhanks;ent, no great wao-. rom tnhe.remple, I thought .yaou, sir, might like to He see her yourself and hear ler tlofrom er own for lips. . . g , ste Ihud hardly ended when ?l?. l;u ed as li wiidbwr opens above,'la d peering up"throug. thhe the screen of Ileavee saw tl e face of Mrs. Vil. I e ot, looking brighlt and fresh in the arly morn. Cl issg light. I'm' a hard man; butI could nothelp feeling sorry for her, deceiver though sheo as, when I tlought how uch'otll the wron side of s, the balance lier accounts were liely to make up. si.shall return by l hue mid-day eapress, and has briing the diamonds to ynour chamberas inthoe ko nefttenoon.-I am, sir, your obcdintservannt,. ma ...Jonis DeNeE.. Sid itey Martod Essq., Temple, Lbddsi; 'l son P.B.--We wero only just in time.. I 'ieard one at thi Cohrt this aftertuon,, wherb Istrolled s bet as 'ot'to seem to'leave hurriedly; that I-r. th Walcotrwas eonthig downtsr midday train, hnd ter they are off to paris oni Fridoy. "... "D.. . W. :VII. mn" W'ell,' said Martot , son ho folded up" Den's era report, 'I eplpose that is about the etd of the Fo buasinuss, oxcept interioviSng tlhe 'm ans d scri getting the diamonds. 'It is to be hopel that tel the supplle-fingered Indian lhasn't tricked Ders c after al and kept the gonuiues articles herself.. the By-tle- way, I should rather lik to harwtehat rti lat women hao s to toll us. Step downwrith me A tothe Arusden, and we will try to find her.'. sot I did sot much care to hoar asything moreo ter about the abomhablo business ;: but as 'Marton fail eetoed to wsih it, and I as so indoebted to hits fort in the matter, I smothered mydisnciniaton andd for rwet. ' ' ;." - ' H nes Safivahs was not hard to'ld, and-this is the ss tloe's?oe told us: ' tU As seoon as I heard tho:gentlemea disperse Goe from the smokiu?-room,' and tho house at last lar eognnm to be still, Icreupt doe stoirs, and quietly Wit sat down. in tlhe.wisdowt-seat.at the soutlhern aut nsglo:of Use corridor. I.)atol taken care to.open T th easemenat before, id tihenighlt wa.s perfectly u: calm, sotatat I mauld.catch iatoyver sounds this came.fnoh Mrs. Walcot's'eoms. ias they were cstr hached fromh tlho'oppsitowall; I heard her ltlk tok tohlhr.d6cdvdnua, Pdsor'dear ersaturo, what bus isskestit'saeleopw? eaP'i-t(I 'could have told jur her);' I loeard bensopn - ands shut with a click li her trvellisng' bag, and soon followed another J hard metallic souud,. wlielh I guessed caulne freou oft laying the revolver os the little marblo talble by l the hodido;, I heard the cliuloiug of thl spouos 'vo? iu her cup of coratina,.tha tbe sounsd of the site eupaond'osucr set do-is: thees, teis ,inutes of '-er shnlltiing? thona loug- yanw---o wtcrhli I trm sas glatd,forirmeaent drowsiness--ths light wetlt uf I out;'but at.this tmne of year there s a dim tho luster clar snougls to 'Sos bS all igbht. :'"Soon all uas still.' ' I waited there a fisl hour, that heseoi ep iglst ho sottltdi sud deep..'. eaxt. I looked to sem that all, tis doorse in thle oeidort meresclosod,' so thiat' there might be s.no. I drouglot to shsut auly of d.,thms uith cot as awakening . hang,- though an the" by dglmht,?was.elm, ,thnre wons'.littloe: chanso rem of tha;t.still it was u-tll to be oae the 'safe eldo' tou Thenimith .tlhe small screw-drivr' lode. Doues ti gunvs u I softly tuirodths koy, pusbhig hack l isgainst tes spcng, but not roluniig 'my hold after the realestnrue tris ovoeaomo, so that thom was no sosuld: thloeu I tucred tble hoindle,- and as thid, like soll at tile Court, was well-Oiltted ;At made no nosiuis n i nuls bvisch I olmned thle door, sltd at last I stood i,,iailo: Ilsad nothing with mo blut ths ?beg cootinising, ths falho stones, a dolicate feather, aud soy owunshil and sourags. 'I stood. asotlcoltsiderod. I could eeo a. littlh 3 and hear meor: tha .dogwass breathing leoavliy in her loosket near tlso marbleotaole. odern. sal-i oeethad her faen tucrsd the' other way nosd wao fest uslelr,. Thent, I slipped reelnd tise lied -an olierted thie sleeper. Onso hunld lIsy nutsids thoe coluerlet, the ossoer waosn:pllsed eneatl hoe eloeulisid tlrodell lipo. but whIUtlhOu it hehl dmy. thing o,,ul- not lou seen : nor. sh theu lsy. eould I lilis sy lnssd bois:tth tiso pillow. And ietu" licgss,,auy toads. .oss hoave hiearmd of the sildhl thieoes, sand bowlen, by mstkinsg a sleeper toss ahostrastlessly thony ru stela owav the very bed-clothlu co u'hich hoe is lying. Af this I knoou asd mnusy anlsothlcr trick of hand •AnsI nos, uson slighstest touad of thoe tinj teatiher, bloenoove'l her hersod; nosather tochi, lser blausd stirred l athlirl, lher helad ternss hlf Itrouoid, aoll. held looeeclyiishechloogers,iipi Ua e in thse twilight a stll |tratloeus bog. Iiow for tile taut of dlicalto skill; hlrslly a lbrs-oh, hardly thmr toitn ia fanisi of tel .to, ivr,, , out those slender fingers, and the hold relaxes ; l touch the bag, the treasure is mint -no, not yet--the hand slowly begism to close aauin. Shall I snatch tho prize ? No ; such roug'fino is only for clumsy hands ; lot be awhileu; y?t ne more subtle stirring of that satin silk, toe faintest rutle ; her hand once more uncloses and remains unclosed, Softly' day grpup the bag. untying the thick cord of be sill:, and bury it in my pocket, where the ,ut diamonds make no sound as they fall; then, withdtrawing my hand, I unfasten the other e bag and in?lert it in the neck of hers, enoothor ing the two in m ty shawl as I roverseo their posl nd tion, to drown teo noise of ties moving stoneo. And now it is done, the silke,: band is tie 1 ogain.--still she sleeps speaceflly-anmd lastly 1 he replace the bag near her hand Its it tss bolor :. Wasit a port of my natural cruelty, or tll of Prde of triumphant skill, that made me yet once more touch her hand, which, as it openied rd and reelosed again, grasped tlhe bog, to eomn pleto ithe unhappy wromn's deceltioa? All so over tnow, save an easy retroeat; ommo loo': Saround to se that no traces are left; safetl I Id 6pen the door, softly pass through, softly clue, a, it agan. -I go down the stair and pias out into the cool oight air, where I walked in the d shrubbery till o r. Done came, and I gave him the real diamondr. AL, Sahibs', she added, Is 'you ate our masters, but you have a greo deal to lean from us.' o a But Ihad an oxperience y1 to come. Thc as nVext morning rtn nad 1 decided to tii,: the busltess byr taking: th atoine, ithll the nttles,, to ha te lced; and when tlot w.es done Iyvowed I sold. make mso motl, r lkoep btho in.a .sf ; tindeed, I ,".: ' `t' the night before to 3 t?tht-ngen; d:r"-so ne suitnble for the wall is nmy mother's beo. doirt We were just turning into the jeweller's when--good heavecns!-w uho m shlould we mo;t faco to tacre but-the Voaloots! I tammeor:d out something and felt hot all over, and utterly miserdhlo, oarslly knotwing whether I sas standigon say heel ormyher d ; oand thy. did not seem much mooe at their ease, at lean: uLrtos said so-afteorward. Io ewas cahn ad imperturbable, and never, Lie said, enjoyed as scene so much iin his life, though the atO.'a played their parts, in a mantsr that '-yras beneath contempt. At last, after some of the tritest antd most trivial remarks, we git disentangled and managed to say 'gool. day.' It was natural to use to e awkward at a crisis, but they waru peiple lo tao world; preleontly, horwever Ne found what it was that 1uad di?oeoeorted them. Ve. waere just unfolding our business to tho jeweller the same mort who had so greatly. admirad these stanes a few months before; he remarked how much more fortunate we werem in our pos session that'the lady and gentlemn t who had justgoue. ' ow so' asked Marton,. 'They-wished to dunpse of some valuable diamoundsl they saiid, and te were not unwsilllng.i to become the purdchasers of really good stones,i. hut wrhen they untied the.little leathern bag, which conuhtned them and poured them on thu., counter, I asw at a glance that.they .wore. not genuine stones, and told them so~I have er. ' seen people more surprised or nmazed.- He muttered 'After all that trouble.' but she had. not a word to utters in fact shte seemed dazed and stupefied, Praycan you tell me sii, -who they are, if I may take the liberty; I think they:, spoke with you as you entered f' -' : -:, ' Their name is Walcot, and that is about ;all, I can tell you.' - ' And Gerard,' ihe saidas we departed, 'that was about enough; to any one who knhsw them it spoke voluses,'ay, whole libmraries, didn't it? ' Anyhow, I think we have been ' upsides' with tlem, as they say in your country this time;'' And Ithought so too.-John Paslew, i. ieDl grarie . 