A SPIRIT. Waen IRalph Atwood's young daughter, Evelyn, ran away from him with a fashionable city man, who had been hanging about the place for a long while, the shock to her father was very terrible. Ho was one of a type common enough in New England; rare elsewhere; a man of education,, who ctred nothing for the prizes of this world. If he wanted more money than he had, it was merely toadd now books to his library. There he spent all the time that he could spare from the small farm, which brought him, year in and year out, enough to live on. The house, with its quaint old furniture, had belonged to the Atowoods in Revolutionary times, and was miraculously preserved, having been built of un usually good material, but it was small and plain. He did a great deal of the out-of-door work with his own hands, and his daughter, who had lost her mother in infancy, did all that was needed within. It was when she was spreading linen to bleach upon the grass that the man who destroyed her happiness first saw her ; and she was pretty enough to make any one linger to gaze ; fair and young, andl very graceful. Hier father thought her as pure as a baby, and as innocent of all knowledge of sin ; and when the truth burst upon him, it crushed him, mind, body, and one might have fancied, soul also. IIo was ill for a long time, andduring this time he leased his place to a young man who had just married, keeping only the little end room where his books were, and where he had had his bed placed. Though he got about again, all his energy seemed gone; but I believe that he still hoped that his Evvy would return to him some day, until news of her death reached him. It was a short, cad story. The man for whose sake she had loft her home had been fond of her for a little while. He dressed her in lace and velvets, al I gave her jewels to wear and money to spend. Then his fancy took another flight, and he neglected Evelyn. One day her bonnet aund a parasol were found by the river's edge. This little note was pinned to them. It was directed to the man who had been so cruel to her: "You will be glad to be rid of me, for you lore me no more. Will you toll my dear, good father that I know a dead trouble will not be so hard to boheir as a living shame, and that I hope he can forget me. EVELYN." I shall never forget old Atwood's faeo when he read that letter. I was practising medicine in Greenburn at the time, and I think that I kept him from dying then. My wife was very sorry for him, and we did all the little things we could to make him comfortable. But he cared for nothing. Life had lost all interest to him. And in this condition we loft him when we moved to Boston. He seemed so hopeless, so lonely, so utterly without any object in life, that I could not but feel that death would be for him a release from suffering. However, he was not permitted to die, while men who longed to live, and whoso existence seemed necessary to others; were smitten down in their prime. One day, to my surprise, I met him in the street. IHe was thin and worn, but the dull look had chaugol for one of oexcitement. He grasped my hand warmly. "I haven't forgot your kindness, Dootor," he said, "I have not, indeed. And Mtr. -, I hope she is well." I answered that we were both in good health, and inquired how long he had been in New York, "Two months," he answered. "Two months. They seem so long. So much has happened. I should like to tell you about it, but it is so noisy hero, and it agitates me too much." " Come and take tea with us," I said, " and we can have a long talk." "Why, how kind of you," heo answered. "Bless my heart, how kind people are, and how good Heaven is. Why, when despair seems to draw a dark curtain about you for ever, suddenly there shines a light, a-why, my dear, doear friend, you don't half know. how good God is to us." He took both ourhands and pressed them.i "Igo out so much," he said. " Mond -y, Wednesday, triday, Saturday, and -Sunday afternoons. How lucky that this is Tuesday. I have it to give to you. I'll come." He squeezed my hand, let it go, and hurried away. I was great puzzled, and when Ireached home my wife shared my astonishment. Old Ralph Atwood, who had farmed his little land so simply, who had lived such a quiet life and spent his leisure time in reading works on which he could not oven talk to his uneducated neighbours-a man who, after his wife died, loved one human being on earth, his daughter -a man on whom a crushing grief had fallen so heavily that his labours in the field had be come too hard for him, and that when I left Gireenburn he had told me that he could find no distraction in his favourite volumes, since on every page he turned the name of his daughter Evelyn and her sad history alone seemed written. This man, eager again-with engagements for certain evenings in the week-hopeful, and, above all, with such faith in the goodness of God; for never very religious, the trouble that had befallen him had seemed to make him utterly doubt the goodness of God, or that we were more than the sands of the desert, or those flakes of snow that melt as they fall to earth. "What can it hbe I What can it be I" my wife repeated. But we could not explain the matter, and were obliged to wait until Atwood arrived. He was prompt, however, and e.mo into the room with a smile on his thin, old face His manner was more genial than I had ever fancied it could bei he shook our hands warmly. " You are looking very well, Mr. Atwood," said my wife. "You notice that I" he said. "Ah ! well, life is a very different thing to me now. I will tell you all about it. It is wonderful; so wonderful that I cannot believe my own senses sometimes, and I am not sure that I can make you believe mi. Still, with proofs at hand-" He stopped snd smiled, and crossing the room, stood before an engraving of Mary at the tomb. "He is not here, for He is risen," he said. The tears were in his eyes, hut he wiped them away quickly. We sat dgwn to tea. When the little maid was gone Atwood looked at us earnestly. " 'riends," he said, "you are good people, and you are people who think. Doctor, you know of such matters. Do you believe me a sane man u Do I seem rational to you I" '' Assuredly," I said. "I feel myselfto be so," said he; "'hut I will shake your faith in me in a few moments, when I tell you that my dead daughter Evelsn has returned to me, as palpable a presence as in her life. I have not only seen her, but spoken to her, touched her, held her in my arms. iMy friends. I swear it to you." We said nothing. It wafs plain that this was true to him. He wonton, "You know that books which treat of the supernatuml--iwhat we call the supernatural~ were always intoresting to me," he said. "I never doubted the stories told by Kerner of tihe Seeress of Prevorst Because I did not under stand a thing gave me no right to call it false. Whoi is it thant. nays, ' It a man helieved only what he could comprehend, he would believo neither in God, in himself, in the stars which rolled above his head, or the herbageo which is crushed beneath his feet5,' But after my great trial I read nothing, as you know. I used to lie ncrossmy bed hour by hour, doubting God because he would not let me die. I used to go down into the woods and lie there with the same feelings in my heart. One day I found a paper there. From force of habit I picked it up. It was a spiritualistic psper. Ah 1 I see youen stare. There was an account of a material izing seance that hold me spell-bound.Y Hl paused. .ly wife had turned red and pale in a moment. I'felt a sodden emotion of irritation. This was what hoe was coming to. "Ah," he said. looking at me, " so I have shocked you. You do think me mad now. Well, my friends, I cannot blame you; but let me tell you that that old newspaper has changed earth to heaven for me. I kept it. I came to Boston. I went to the house-that blessed house. I--I'-." He gave each of us a hand. -"And I saw my Evelyn there. Yes, dear friends, it is true ; all true. She has kissed me. She has told me that she loves me. Why, it is nothing to die-nothing. We are the samnie as we were here, only thdre is no trouble there, or any parting. 'Yes, it is trce, this m'aterialization. It waso o plainly trse to him.. It was to rie so horrible and cruel a deception that my soul .sickened within me. "Whatdo you seel" I asked. "A veiled face, over which the cortains amre drawn in haste,.and this in a room too dark to see any. thing p inily i" "No, li;" be said. "I sed Evelyn, and ishe b tr ld.me '.things no obther coou 'know i of hoi she'use'd s ?p'lay in the little eloset in "hi liry?:-;?kepi?d ,her toys there' of her "iother's hortr?it, woich she used to kiss before she went to bed; oh the curioss sto?nes froai Palestine that the minister gave her; of the time a bird fldw in at the window; and perched "upon hero shoulder. Oh, it is Evelyn. At fir I could noat ruize is; hut ew?--" He paused and sipped his tea. "This is the frsit tea I have tasltcd for some time," he said.' "It rofreshes me greatly. I have not much money, you know, and these mediums are obliged to charge rather heavily, from a poor man's point of view. I live on bread and water, and I sleep in a very miserable lodging to save my fees ; but what do I care if I can see Evelyn 1" Oh, how eruenl this deception was. I thouglit. How those deceivers preyed on the tenderest feelings of the human heart. ' " Come to-morrow evening, dear 'friend," said "Atwood. "You will see I speak from knowledge." " Yes, I will go with you," I said. "And then you will believe," he answered. "We will not talk about it until you have seen." It was late next evening when I went with him to the house of the medium. In the par lour was a small assemblage of people, who took their places in a double semicirclo about the "eabinet"-a curtained wardrobe set in a recess. There were respectable people and doubtful people amongst them. The regular habituds hailed Atwood in friendly fashion. "He is greatly blessed," said a mild old lady at my side. "His daughter is a very strong spirit. I wish my husband would come :.s plainly, but I never see his fa:e.' Then a sharp, eager face was thrust between us. " Matilda camoe illuminated last night," said a voice. " How I rejoiced " Then the face was gone, for a hush was upon the room. A coarse, strong woman had entered, withdrawn the curtains from the cabinet, asked if anyone wanted to examine it, and permitted me to enter. My fingers, in passing over the carpet on the floor, detected the hinges of a trap-door; but I said nothing. We took our seats, the room was darkened ; the medium entered into the cabinet, and a strange squeak ing noice proceeded from its depths. " Yellow Pigeon the Pawnee," we were in formed was addressing us. lie was an Indian, and he talked like a dime novel savage. Finally he consented to appear. Something like a feather duster waved between the curtains, and we were told that he had done so. I had been to these places before; I had seen all that followed-the usual gleamof white at the entrance of the cabinet; the rag doll on a stick that was supposed to be the soul of a departed infant; the medium, in theatrical costume, with a "Hullo! my hearties," as a sailor boy, drowned years before. My blood was boiling within me, when suddenly all was silent. We were asked to sing. We sang-to drown the sound of something else, I knew-we sang, "Shall We gather at the River," to the squeak of a melodeon. Then the cmutains parted. A voice said: "Father, dear father." It was Evelyn's voice. The light grew a littlostronger. I saw Evelyn's face. The curtains parted; she slipped out, clad in shimmering robes that draped her as a statue is draped, itn clinging folds, her white feet bare, her white arms bare, her fair hair falling to her waist. " Evelyn !" The old man had hastened to the cabinet. He held her hand, and caressed it. "Come here, my dear friend,": he said. "Do you doubt now 1" Doubt I My heart for a moment seemed to stop beating. Then I stood beside him. I touched the hand he held. It was no ghostly hand. I felt warm breath upon my cheek. I touched hair that grew on a living head. I cla'ped her about the waist. "Yes, that is Evelyn Atwood," I said. Suddenly the lights were all put out. In the darkness I felt a man grapple with me. Happily I am powerfully built. I made my way to the door. IMy cloak was on the hall raek-a military sort of overcoat, with a cape. I wrapped it about the girl, who clung to me, and made my way into the street. Our cab was at the door. I put the young creature into it. " Let no one como near the carriage," I said. "Thrust me, yer honour," replied the coachman. I went back to the house. I had taken the precaution to come armed. The room was light, the medium protesting that a " sceptic " bad "grabbed" a spirit, and nearly every woman was in hysterics. .Mly friend was sitting upon a sola white as death. "Come," I said to him, "remnember than truth is stranger than fiction. Your daughter lives." We went together to the carriage. The girl only held her arms out to her father. He took her in his own. "Oh, I was so wretched," she said, "so miserable, so degraded. I left my things on the bank of the river. I did not drown nyself, and I dared not go home to the father I had disgraced. I tried to get work. This medium -this woman with her cabinet-oh, she is very very bhad-engaged me to sew. Then she wanted me to plny the part of spirit-I, who was dead to those I loved. It seemed very fitting : I almost fancied myself a ghost. I made money for her. She was liberal enough to me, and if I refused, starvation lay before me; and then one night my father came. Oh, my father ! and ioe embraced me. I never told the woman lie was really my father. But, oh, to see him I to toueh him! And it made him so happy. You know the rest. Oh, how can you forgive me !" Again she clung to him. He folded her to his heart. " Love forgives everything, my child," he said. They live in the old house together yet. She will never be joyous again, but she is very mild and sweet; and the last time I saw Ralph Atwood, he was reonling his old mystic lore again. "In spite of all, I know." lie said, "t I feel quite sure, that the spirits of lost dear ones do return to us sometimes." "At least," I answered, "we shall go to them." 