LOCAL AND GENERAL. STREExs nice and muddy yesterday. MaitWvexErnsu aldermen rather talkative. Teen Mayor of Mferewether allows his col leagues too much latitude. TlIe electric.lighting appliances at Young have been successfully tested. IT costs 25 dollars fine or thirty days in gaol to sell boys cigarettes inl Ohio. MaR. Jonw SUTIIERLAND'S condition is causing much anxiety to his friends. M1EREWavTceE in wet weather is by no means a merry place, especially at night. A DEPAeRTMENTAL inquiry is to be held into the recent railway accident at Junee. Tiee Aquarium receipts at the Centennial Exhibition, Melbourne, were £6068 19s 9d. TnE receipts at the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition for admissions were £62,037 5s 5d. Tne Bank of England building, London, covers eight acres, and employs 1000 persons. FIVE noew churches are being erected in Jerusalem and Bethlehem at the present time. NICE and dark at night-time at Merewether. The municipality sadly requires lighting with gas. A FARMEn at Euroka, near Kempsey, has been seriously injured by a boar rushing at him. THE new Governor of New Zealand, the Earl of Onslow, leaves Sydney for. Auckland to-day. Is it not infra dig. for a Mayor to enter into a wrangle with a surveyor during the meeting P THERE are more than 2,700,000 women in Belgium who are engaged in industrial pursuits. MEREWETI?ER is about the dreariest-look ing place at night-time it is possible to conceive. 'IrAT dog at the Freetrade meeting, last night, made a mistake. It evidently wanted protection. CHier JUSTICE DARLET was presented with an address by the Bathurst magistrates on Monday. ALDERnrMANr NEWBUXn does nearly all the talking at the Merewether Council. Brown runs a good second. WILL the defeated candidate at the last Newcastle municipal election come forward for Belmore Ward ? TIHE Merewether Council-clerk has leisure for " forty winks" during the time the alder men are "spouting." A IMAN, aged 96, and his wife, aged 95 years, are still living at Parramatta. They have been 45 years in this colony. THE harbour steamers in Port Jackson are patronised by 35,000 persons, and on holidays this number is greatly increased. THE nherewether aldermen were, last. night, twenty minutes dealing with their first letter-at the rate of three an hour. THE friends of Mr. John Arkins, Mayor of Hamiltoni? intend inviting him to a return picnic at Lake Macquarie on 2nd proximo. MoRE than 1000 bushels of seed wheat have been applied for from the Government by the farmers in the Gulgong district. AT last night's meeting of the IMserewether Council, the Mayor levelled a charge at the surveyor, Alderman Curry defended him. THE welcome rain which fell yesterday ought to do a deal of good, although it does not look very bright for the Easter holidays. Mu. T. Y. KE?PrToaN, an architect, while crossing a railway line at Formby (Tas.), was knocked down by an engine and killed. The Mayor of Merewether evidently fancies he fills the mayoral chair better than his predecessor. This yet remains to be seen. TH'E Spanish Senate has by a vote of 66 to 53 rejected the motion of Senator Cuesta, a Protectionist, to raise the import duty on. cereals. ANc unknown man was found dead in a tent in the bush near Ashfield on Monday. Heart disease is said to have been the cause .of death. THE ratepayers relished the fun at last night's meeting of the Merewether Council, although the action of the Mayor was disapproved of. Wno will come forward as candidates for tho representation of Belmore Ward in the Newcastle Council, rendered vacant by the death of Alderman Henderson ? A rOOR half-starred dog sat outside'the Lyceum Hall last night, gazing reproachfully on the few Freetraders who attended the meeting. Another Protectionist trick ! Tne total attendance at the Melbourne Exhibition up to 2nd February last was 3,962,976. The largest attendance was on the Saturday before closing day, viz., 42,396. MR. W. GRAHAME last night asked in the Assembly some pertinent questions .with re ference to the A. A. Company's monopoly of land on the foreshores of Newcastle Hear bour. T?r? Merewether Council's inspector of nuisances, in drawing attention to a pool of water, wound up his report by the words: " If he or she comes there, in they fall, and down they goes." A RETURN was laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly yesterday afternoon concerning an accident at the IEawkesbury Bridge whereby a workman named Baker met his death in March. T?'E Minister for Justice has promised to inquire into the matter of the alleged heavy sentences 'passed by Judge Windeycr, at Tamworth, on two witnesses who appeared in court in a drunken condition. AMoŽr the passengers to Sydney by the R.M.S. Orient was Mrs. James, daughter of Sir John Millais, the famous Royal Acado mician. She was the original of many of her father's most celebrated portraits. Ir Parliament were to consider the sporting with reputation of as much importance as sporting on manors, and pass an A.rt f~r the preservation of fame, there are null.y who would thank them for the bill.-Sheridan. TnE inquest on the man Bradley, who suc cumbed to injuries received at a fire about ten days ago, was confmonced yesterday fore noon, and, after portion of the evidence had been taken, was adjourned until this morning. AND to hear them talk of a world beyant, You'd think that at the laste,. They'd been dead and buried half their lives, And had thramped it from west to aist, And who's for above, and who's for below, They've as pat as if they could tell The name of every saint in heaven And every devil in hell. THu Minister of Education said last night that the Government had no intention to make provision on the estimates for cleansing schoo's as the salaries of teachers had been so arranged as to enable them to pay for the work. T'?E annual meeting of the subscribers of thi Wickham School of Arts takes place to night, when the election of ollcers and com mittee will be conducted; also presentation of the balanceosheet, and such other business as may be found necessary. ALDERMAN BOWTELL, of Merewether, talks about the ratopayers " walking in the dark ness and the shadow of death." This re mark was in reference to the munioijalhty being lit with gas. The general opinion is that there is quite enough gas in the Council as it is. .IN the Assembly last night, the Minister for Works, for Mr. Brunker, in reply to Mr. Grahame, said a report would be obtained from the local oflicers as to the necessity:of' a survey of the A.A. Co.'s land on the New,. castle harbour foreshores, and that tho" matter would then be taken into considera tion. MAinRGARET LADY SANDIIURST, who wias elcc-. ted one of London's county councillors, is avery, remarkable woman, with exceptional gifts, both social and' magnetic. Some of the feats of healiing which she has been able to perform at her little hospital in Northern London are almost incredible were they not well authenti. cated. ' AMERICA has 3000 women doctor'. Tun body of the Marquis of :Ely has: been cremated. TiE NewcCaslle BMorning "Herald will not' be issued on Good Friday. FREBTRADB iS coming in &wcseastle; I 0So. tho meeting last night proves ! THE Czar has a huge mastiff, who sleeps. in his bedroom across his doorway. AN Englishman, his wife, and six children have been brutally murdered at Texas, U.S. TVCE debate on the financial statement will, be resumed in the Legislative Assembly to: day. GooD FRIDAY.being a public holiday, the. Newcastle Herald will not be published on. that day. THE barque Rachel, which stranded at Warrnambool (Vie.) recently, has been sold.' for £120. THE Melbourne Harbour Trust have do-. cided to offer a loan of £500,000 in the Lon don market. THE remains of the late Alderman William. Henderson were interred yesterday afternoon,. at Sandgate THE Mayor of Brisbane has been voted: £150 by the City Council for the reception. of the Governor. WITH a population of 29,000,000, Italy can at a week's notice this year have 2,300,000 men under arms. Sin RIonnnD WEBSTER, counsel for the Times, has been enthusiastically received by the English Bar. WOMEN are naturally progressive. There is not one of them who doesn't believe in. freedom of el eech. THE special train which left Newcastle at 2 p.m. yesterday for Sydney, took away half a dozen passengers. A woMAN named O'Hara was killed on Sunday near Maryborough (Q), by a horse running against her. WHILE a public meeting was being held at Collingwood (Vic.) Town Hall on Monday night the gas went out. FOURTuEE Freetraders rolled up last night to attend the meeting of their Association. How long is it to last ? A DESTRUCTIVE fire occurred at Kerang (Vic) on Monday, causing damage to the ex tent of more than £1800. IT is proposed to spend nearly eight mil lion pounds in extending and improving the Prussian railway system. " GLAD to see you eafe-and sound," was the signal hoisted by the flagship Orlando on Monday to the Calliope. Cousi Herbert Bismarck cynically says: -" The only advantage of better society is that its morality is worse." A WELL-IiNOWN selector in the Logan district (Q.), whose name was Howard, com mitted suicide on Saturday. PREPARATIoss are being made in Brisbane for the reception of Mr. John Dillon and the other Home Rule delegates, A wo3rAs's rights lady remarks that the highest use of a man is to have his life insured for his wife's benefit. THE strike of the Brisbane printers con tinue to drag its weary length along. There is no prospect of a settlement. A YousNG 3AN~, named Frank Cridland, made a fool of himself in the police court yesterday by fdigning insanity. THREE arrests have been made in Brisbane in connection with the assaults upon non union printers on Saturday night. FOURTEEN hundred men of the Queensland defence forces are under canvas at Lytton, where the encampment is being held. PARIS herself again. The French Senate has voted a million francs for the fItes in connection with the Paris Exhibition. AsN author, ridiculing the idea of ghosts, asks how a dead man can get into a locked room ? Easy enough. With a skeleton key. A PruLIC meeting is to be held in Mel bourne. to consider the question of increased hospital accommodation in that fever-stricken city. CIVIL SERVANT received notice that he will not be allowed to attend the Easter Military Encampment this year. Why is this ? Dn. STUBEL, the newly-appointed Consul General for Germany at Samoa, arrived in Sydney on Monday. He succeeds Dr. Knappe. A BRISBANE tram conductor was yesterday sentenced to six months' hard labour for his connection with the recently-discovered tram way frauds. THi schooner Maggie Taylor foundered at Camden Haven yesterday. Four lives were lost. The vessel was owned by Donald M'Len. nan, of Stockton. A MUNIo?PAL candidate, whose principal -supporters are tavern-keepers and shoe makers, proudly alludes to them as members of the bar and bench. A MINER named Lawson, made a deter mined attempt to murder his wife at Lawton, New Zealand, on Sunday. There is no hope of the woman's recovery. THE gross revenue derived from the New Zealand railways during the 11 months of the financial year amounted to £908,099, the expenditure being £591,247. GOOD FRIDAY is one of those rare holidays in which pressmen are permitted by a goner ous public to share-therefore the Nevwcastle ll'ornilg Herald will not arppear that day. ME. Jons DILLoN, M.P., arrived in Mel. bourne from Adelaide yesterday. He pro ceeds to Tasmania for eight or ten days to re cuperate. He was enthusiastically received. ONE of the most extensive gold mines in Victoria, belonging to the Golden Stream Company, has ceased work. A large number of miners have been thrown.out of employ moent.. mAe. old Hamilton man has lef -much money and some land to his son on condition " that he will never put up for Parliament." He doesn't want his family disgraced. Wise man. THE R.M.S. Ormuz 'went aground near Williamstown (Vie.), but was soon got off. The Premier has promised to recommend the Melbourne :Harbour Trust to dredge the place. . d A DAILY says : '!The daily life of an or dinary citizen need not be.made like, that of a Capuchin monk." No, indeed;' not while threepenny beers and counter-luncheons are :in existence. JOIIN JACOB ASTon is called the richest manin Now York to-day, his fortune, which is mainly in real estate, being estimated at £20,C00,000. He is about 70 years of age, and a widower. A cARPEsTERincamed.Howell was drowned in a well near Charters Towers four days ago, and his body was recovered yesterday. Meanwhile tho.residents have been drinking the water from the well. TuE number of "corps'" and "camps" of the Salvation Army in', Australasia is 288, and the "outposts" nmnber 358. The value of the "Armys"- freehold property in Aus tralasiais set down'as £90,000. KING KALAKUA, of, the Sandwich Islands,. has become.a prey to thie cigarette habit. The iniluence of his examnple has affected Quoon Kapiolani, and she rolls a cigarette with tlie skill of a Spanish senorita.' ToEc Princess of Wales is meagre in her millinery. The other day she was having some.hats made for her daughters, and took hscr:own material to be made up. She seldom gives much more than 30s for a bonnet. .IIN. Lionour, of certain nobilities who are' visiting theso parts, the lHowler, comes out with .a big black heading, " Distinguished Visitors" Distinguished for boarding at Government House free of charge, and mooching about the city at somobody else's expense,, we suppose. SomnoDry proposes that it should'be made penal by fine or imprisonment to erect insani tary' buildings. At that rate almost every - architect andd contractor would be impli cated,,and we'd have to import fresh supplies? of sarno from "homue." H-ow about Protec tion, tlhen EN? ?A?I raises hops or. F9,5o00 acres. SEveRAL parents were ined yesterday for 'ot sending their children to school. BY the closing of the ironworks at Ballarat thero is a loss of £1000 per week in wages. Foun negatives were recently taken of a cannon ball that only occupied ono-fortieth of a second in passing a given space. Tue relatives of ox-Empress Eugenie are apprehensive that she will bequeath a large part of her fortune to Princess Beatrice, and are intriguing to get her to settle peor. manently in Italy, away from English influ ences. IT is reported in Paris that the young Emperor of Germany has b tumour on his brain, acd that it renders him temporarily insane. It may suddenly. break, when the Emperor will either die at once or become an imbecile. A 3rAN.in a western town hanged himself, to a bedpost by his suspenders. The coroner's jury, which was composed of mothers, decided that "the deceased came to his death by c6ming home drunk and mistaking himself for his pants." AMroNG the "Poor Brethren of the Char toer House," London, is John M. Morton, the author of " Box and Cox." It was through Mr. Gladstone's influence that he got into the Charter House, where he lives in contentment and health. UNDAY, February 10, was the forty-ninth ancLirereary of the Queen's wedding. Her Majesty having been married to the Prince Consort on February 10, 1840. The Queen, whose wedded life extended over twenty-one years, has remained a widow for nearly three decades. Mooue talk has taken place lately about milk and butter, and the various ways of proving whether it is good or bad, but there is one thing we can be certain of, and that is. that neither milk nor butter would become ac ceptable to the public through a luin, in the market. TuIE women of Denmark, to the number of 20,000, have petitioned for the right of s.ffrage. A "social and political" school for women has recently been opened at Copenhagen, where modern history, con etitutional and moral law, and psychology are taught. ONE of the warmest friends of the late ,Tohn Bright was the Empress Frederick of 'Germany, who formed his acquaintance when lee was made President ot the Board of Trade, twenty years ago. She thanked him for the defence he had made of her mother's -secluded life since her widowhood. M:au?RnELios marriages-are they a failure When sober age on the voyage embarks ? MIelbourne o'er reckons her gardens a trea -sure, Sydney is equally proud of her Parkes ! Misguided Melbourne-the stubborn excep tion, •Scorning whatever such prophets may say; -M1arvellous civism-nursing Protection ; Marvellous truism-making it pay! 