TALE: The Ghost Dead-Bell. It ifl uuw many yearn hiuoo I wa« quartered with my rogimunt in Yionnu. Among the acquaintances which I formod thoro was a young nobloinun who was in tho Imperial Guard, Baron Von fcjtoingrnff. Ho was tin? solo descendant of an unciont Syrian family tuav iuju uveu ior conLurios in a cautle near Salzburg. A fluor-hoarlnd follow could not l>o found in bin Imperial iIuje.«ty'H duraiuionH, nor a better soldier in -the urniy than Friodrioh. Frank aud gay as a companion, ho was u favourite with hi« owm sex, am' u good figure, to Ry nothing of a good property, mado him not unacceptable with old mammas and young daughter?. Friodrioh, however, Boomed to bo no marrying man, though he had nothing miKogynietic in his naturo. When our friendship had gTown into olo&Q; intimacy I happened to banter him oil the subject of matrimony, but Friodrioh as sured mo gravely that ho had resolved novor to marry. ' Not, said ho, ' that I havo any disincli nation to tho matrimonial Htato, but Fate, cruel and inexorable, has forbidden mo to enter into it.' I stared at him in silent surprise. After a moment hn told mo how, when a child, ho had mot a Ziogcunerinn, or gipsy woman, from Bohemia, as hocrosnjd a wood near tho Schlots. Sho had stopped him, lookod into his hand and said — ' Young Ilerr, vrhsnyongo tomArrya wifo, taiko hoed. The way to God's Altar lies through God's acre!' 'Well !' cried I, laughing, ' tliat wae a aafc prophecy. A man cannot well get to tho church door unless ho walks through tho church yard.' Iriodrioh shook Lis head. 1 That was not her moaning,' said he, 'but rather that 1 must die on tho bridal day. Thoreforo, doar friond, I shall novcr marry. You may think mo su- perstitiou and u fool, but there havo been : stranger tliirgi known to our family!' Ho : shiverod and mrned pale, but jostaa I would have questioned him; ho laid his hand on my shoulder and added, ' And now, Hauptaiaun, let us never Fpeak of this again !' A year possod by and I was far away in the north of Germany, when I got a letter from Von Steingraff. It announce! his coming marriage witha young lady of his owncoun try. ' Sly deitiny,' ho wrote, whatever it may be, I must work out. I could not resist my passion formy little Rooachen. 8) come to mo as so on as you oaa, and who knows but your happier interpretation of the gipsy's prophecy may bo the true one ?' I laughed heartily &a; I closed the letter. Thooldstory! Woman's tongue had over come mau'a resolve— pretty Roeeohen had whipped the withered gipsy from the field ! and so Haying, J pocked for my journey and mu uiurruw iouna me en route. At the close of a lovely autumn day I drove along the read between SaLburg and Sc. Gilgen where it skirts the picturesque little lake of Mondioe, ro enugly embosomed in precipitous hills clothed witn pine and larch. Not far from this stood tho nchlnas of my friend, built close to the ruins of a suppressed monastery, and sheltered by the dark forest on whoso tree-tops the evening gun glinted warmly. Thither I worked my way — but lowly — for the approach was steep aud cir cuitous, and by the tiroo 1 reached tho en trance and stood under tho heavy arches of the doorway the sun had set and tho groat tone znaas of building was lying in gioom. This gavo ma a ulrange unpleasant feeling, which Lncroaaod aa I stood knocking for many 1 minutes at tho houvy op on portal without re sponse from within. Was I, then, not expected! And at this hour I I shook off a sensation of nervou-vae.ts, and beat loudly .on tho panning with r.y closod fl at and with the heavy hnnilo of iny riding- whip. There was the sound of the slipping of bolts on the inner door, und with a sen so of relief I knew that my last summons had been answered. Then the door opened »nd before xnc stood a pers<>n who looked more like a bolkznucth, or woodsman, of thedistriut than tho aerator of a well -ordered establishment such as I believe Friodrioh's to bo. Ho car ried n lamp iu Ins hand and ovar it ho regar - ded mo suspiciously. IsUtodwho I was, and desir.xl him to conduct mc to his master. To this bo made no rrplf but shaking his ill- looking head motmund me to follow. We cross! tho great hall and entered a amill ohamber, where my strange guard deposited tho light and left me without a word. 1 A strange welcome,' I mutterol 4 from a bridegroom tu his U«5 man,' and then I The room in which I stood alone was ele gantly and most comfortably famished. Then? wore caeee well filled with books running along tho walk, and above them racks hold ing curious weapons, many guns, spears hunting gear. An escritoire of exquisite workmanship fctooi near the firaplaca, but no cheorfal fire glowed on tho hearth, a few half burned logs lay on the iron dugs, and again the strange feeling of gloom and nervxmsna settled upon me. 1 ' r ®Qd(knlJ' conscious of some other proHcnoe, I looked up from the cheerless hearth. A wernng man stood on the doorway. Bowing respectfully, ho entered theroomondin a few wonia solved the mystery of my strange re ception. On the very day hie muter had written m> he was prostrated With a Bernxu illness end he was now in the eight day struggling with the delirium nf fever. The doctors of fit. Gilgen declared the case to be hopele, bat wero in almost constant ttfae- »? danoe. One hai just left the young Baron and had said he would return, ma the would occur that ve:ynighi. I rr4 nrt ftirhrrw fhie fnfoTlie iimyi 1 cm. I determined, of course, to await ieaae end aked to be shown In Fkiodrioh'e chamber. Io few moaeata I stood hr the hedwdi? of my dearest friend and looked obwe on a poor, shattered bang, with flushed fa<W, kmaunglip and giuei «y», toeaiagand yaV- ieg, whoae band was tumomcioes of sy Bey log pressure, whoee ee r tuned from oy wprde " affection.. I tri . badde him lor boars, j Wiqbi time to tine t oosSd J fcnwgli hi, loh told haw | biwildorod spiirt wrestled with horrible phan toms. With appalling inoongruity he niiu- gled scenes of tho bridal chamber and the chapel vault, now calling on his brido to wrap her grave-clothes about her, now bidding the sexton pledge him in a akull of wine. Terrible as all this was to bet r and painful to see, I dctorrainod to watch through ihc and tho faithful old butler begged to reroute , bIho. Indcod, Ifeltsoncrvom uud dujtreNsed that I was glad of his company. Tho doctor 'as to return at midnight. When it wantid but two hours of that timo, Friedricb who had gradually coAKod his raving, fell into a atupor. I left tho bodmdc and wont to "it by tlie firo. Old Klb\istlircw on a fresh log and filled a glass with Hungarian wiuo from a flask on tho table. I noticed that tho old fellow's hand trembled and that his eyes woro fall of tearH. I spokoa few words of comfort and he sobbed nloud : 4 Alas ! Ilerr Hauptmann, my mind mis given mo sadly ! I fear, every moment, that, i shall hear tho diurnal ringing of the Ghost Dead-Bell !' Atthis uncanny titlo, I shivered. I3ut what may vhut bo T I axkod anxiously. 'Ach! What an old fool I am. tforgct some times — but furgivo it !' ' But Kiaun,' said I, 'what did you meanr" Klaus bent toward me, his old face drawn with fear. 'The bell that rings out the lifo of ovcry Von Stein graft',' said he, with {sup pressed emotion. I Hupposa I lookod botli Rtartled and inter ested, a:-.d the old servant, glad of nympathy and attention, continued in a huahod voice . ' Mayhop you obsoi ved the monustery near tho castle, sir, aa you came up the drive ?' ' Ay Klaus, and a fino, old ruin it is, with its bnll-toivor still standing !' ' A ruin now, sir, but it was once a grand and holy place with its lorn abbot, and mocks and broad, rich lands. Well, sir, n Jong time ago — I don'tkuow how many hundred years —the Baron Stoiugrnff of that day who lived then in tho old SchlnRs higher up in tho hills above the Krutonsuo- -Lad a quunvl with the 'abbot. Tlia baron was u fierce and haughty mi»u that ear-d littlo for church and priest, -and the abbot w.is iih haughty in liis : way, so tho feud grew deadlier every day. At iwic Liii? nDwi hivoio tin li. o .i'.uy rcne.s ot cnuit Wolfgang that Lo would oxcominunioatc the baron. And tlio baron swore by tlio oross upon his sword hilt thai ho wuuld tear the? frock tiff tho abbot's back and drive him and Lis monks out of tlio monastery. Tin? «bboi waaufl good as his word, und so, on tho feast of tho blessed Saint Wolfgang, hu and all his monks walked in proeosuion through the ohureli up lo the high, altar, und tho groat book win opouad and the? Rnathoman read, and then tho bell was tolled and tho lighted candles extinguished and thus the boron was Qxoommuuieated . ' Well ! Tho bcli was still tolling and the priests woro on their way back down the Hn<la whon tho shovits of tho buron und liis wild men-at-urjns, hi jugerd and hoIvkncohtH rang at the walls and nledgesund great pino lx>ams , wero buttcriug at tlio gate. ' Short work they muda of it. ! Ono nmd fallow seized a splinter of wood and lit it at the altar aud then he fired tho panels and tho roof und tho dry wood wan all soon in a blaze Tno boron, aa if pos5CfiBLd by au evil spirit, seized the beli-ropo and rung out a wild peal of IriuuipL. But the ubbot walked up to hi in, dreMod in all his rohow, and holding up his hands cursed him in tho numo cf tho Blossod Trinity, and said — 4 ' Ay tho Evil Quo peals that bell now through your hand-i, so ahull ho peal it win?;: ho claims the soul oh it pannes from tlie body of you and of yourson, ntrl of your son's son, in Sicouliu, iivulorutn, Amen 1' ' So saying the abbot called his monks and they wont tneir way down to tho Lako of Aver. But tho baron and his followers throw themselves upon tho holy men and toro tho frocks from their baoKa and throw thoir books into tho lake. Tho buron thou seized Lho monstary lands aud held thonj, too, for might was right iu thoso days, and ho built lho present ca«Lle hard by tho ruinH of mountery >081 the abbot and his rotsinuis should rslly . nd seek to regain their old posscHsiona. But -ioy never did, for tho abbn was not ovor- lovod in tho country, aud the baron was too powerful to bo lightly meddled with, au the monks built them a now monastery, whore tho Church of Saint Wolfgang no w tands. ' Time passed on uud tho buron had well- nigh forgotten that abbot or mouk had over dwelt within tho old blackened monastery walls. ' Ona wild wiutei'e night tho baron sat with his retainers iu the groat hall, drinking and revelling, aa was Lheir wout. Tho wind howled in fitfully, and in the pausos a 1-jud knocking waa heard at the onim dour. tho very door by which you entered this even ing, Horr Iluuptiniiun. TJio Thurhutcr, when lio opened tlie dour, Haw no ono, though tbu moon was at tint moment sinning through the drift of the cloudy hut ho felt a cold blast «wo?p across his face. So ho shut tho door agaio, and thought it must have bt-en tho storm that huddejei vod him. 1 The next moment those in tho hall Raw a monk in a black habit, with his cowl drawn cJasoly over his Load, enter and walk up without a word to whero tho biron was sit ting. Then the n ouk drew back his hood, und an old withered face, ghastly palo, but stem and fieroe, gazed, undaunted, on the ' Taiuotd !' shouted thn baron starting iu r.igo ; 'dog of au nbbot, what ! brings you livre ? Trundle out tho shaveling and set tho hounds up.m him.' 1 Tlie abbot raised Lis skinny arm, und Raid iu a liollaw and sola run voice ; 'This night twoaty years you and I met. 1 am on my way to the abbey. Follow inc.' 1 The abbot retired as ho cmao, no ouo dar ing to binder or tj harm the holy man. ' ' Zum hu'iik!?r' tu ilr? h ingjuu with him, cticd tho barjn, choking with rage, and springing after him. That moment lho old DjII period out witha wild eUug from tho tower. The baron inbis hajte tripped over A stool and fell Lo tho ground. Wocn they iiftedhim up he was dead. ' Twas fiiid he died of a tit. Maybe so. But that vary night onu of the holsknechts roturuing to tho village from tho liieson up iu the hills as ho pasaad tho tower heard tho old bull polling and. saw aproeussion of monks following a bier, und disappearing within tho rums. Next morning tidicg.i name that tho old ubbot hod dioo tho duy baforc at St Wolfs- gang's, but when or where be wis baried nobody evar now.' Old Klaus cosfced and aat lookinc in the fire. 1 Astxango wild talo ;' I said, lightly, un willing to confess znvsalf moved bv the story. Has tho G bof-l-BeU nevor bean fieard sioco that time T Old Klaus aliudicred, ' Ay, sir/ ho answered, gloomily, whenever th-? eual. P&ssess; from thebody of a Von fitoingr.iff, but I am not willing tuhcJicvo that tho Evil Ono dare claim the spirit of iny dour, young master— one so good and noble as h-r and gain the old servant fell to wocplng. Hush, Klaus, lost you disturb Lim,' I mud hastily, although & gUnco ut my poor Friedriehwoii- nighaesured mcthatfowsoundd would disturb hiin mare. Than I paced tho room and out into the hall and down the stain, for I hoard, tho sound of horses at tlrn gates and I know the physician had come. I lot him go up alone, white I sat for a fow moments in the little chamber I had boon shown to on my arrival. I cmld not take my mind from tho story of the Ghost-Dell. I am not naturally credulous, bat tho xhook I I had resoivtxl after the wearinass of my jour- i nay of acrexil days had, I suppose, told upon my nerves. I stole op on oo mo re to the sick room. Tbophyauten sot at the foot of the bed. Fricdnsh «cem«d to he >nwp \ng quietl y. I this might be e good sign, but, to mj enquiry, the old physician shook hte todjy: _ slaop tiiAt will wskeonlyhi AmOiha answered sadly. hoar will oaoldav hot betmpssed for the wotst— I con IvpbwiMtti) xwpe.V rpAdlyt taoir tot vbatv I uUaa), Doctor, wbet wuld havo caused this sudden illness ! My friend has hud tho moat uirfect health all his lifo. He once told mo no had never boon ill, What would havo caused this lever r" 4 God adono can tall 1' ans-rored the physi cian piously. 4 The young baron was with nc tho day previous to his illness, and bade me gnily tcuugh to dance at his wedding. I never aaw him looking better. Ho was on hotvcbacK,nnd rode swiftly out of St. Gilgen, reining up bin Hteed fur nn instant, to throw money to an old gipsy, who stood, htr hand outblrotched by the road. Always kind,' addid tho pood doctor, ' alwuy« noble ! I havo known him thus as boy and man.' And tiiu usually cold man of science brushed his hand across his eyos. 1 took his other bund in ray own und pressed it warmly. Thtn I got to tho chamber bio w. Old Kluuso crept after mc. Ho Rpotncd to cling to mo for sympathy, I nut down by tho fire with u licavv heart. I pondered on the doctor's words. I found my self wondering why 1 had put tho question to hiin, und thou I recalled word for word, his answer. A sudden thought shot through my brain. He hud hpokeu of an old gipsy who stood with outstretched hand by tlio roadside. Another sceno roso befuro mo, A fair- luurcd lnd with his flrra palm held i frankly out— a withered old fuco bent over it, aud I fluuncd to hour tho quavering voice muttering the prophecy : 1 Young Herr, take heed to your wedding-day ! Tho way to God's filter lies through God's acre !' ' Klaus !' I asked sharply, 1 wbnn was your mnMcr to havo been murriod 'r' for Friodrieh hud nuntlo.ied no duy in hia lotlor — ' Wo will talk over everything whon you corao,' ho wrut(». ' Aeh, Moin Ilerr ! But to-morrow !' 1 M?enit,dto tumeold all o\\-rr. To think of other thiucjn I quiifltioncd Klaus concerning the young Rocschen, whoso oup of happiness wan ho soon to bo dashed from her lips. I learned that hha tvun lovely and amiable and deeply eumnoured of hor haudsorno lover. His Miners bad been kept from her as long as possible, aud though she knew her marriage niut bo postponed, slio droainod, an yfit, of no cuangi.'. 'Al.is!' Raid JvIuur, rthould my lord not recover, I fear it will go hard with tho hwoet youug ladv, fur shu loves him moro thau life. Who knows but thoro may bo t <vu burials rather tbuu ouo bridal. ' ' Tlio way to GoTh altar lius through God's acre !' "Would the words over cease ringing in my earfi Y 1 tdiook m;'w>lf impatioutly. A coin cidence — a sad coincidence — that was all ! Aud my grief had Hiirety unsettled my mind. I picked up a book from one of the shelves and tried to road. The words Hwam ou the page. Not a sound was to bo heard save the ticking of thu grout clock in tho hull. I laid down tbo book and sighed. Just then tho clock tolled the midnight hour. Tlio deep bell htruck twelve times loud and clear, and mcchuuically I counted every stroke. Midnight ! A sudden thought — tho crisis. Then my poor Friedrich might, cvon now, bo purring tlie portal of Eternity ! I was abouL to speak to Klaus whon I discovered that be slept, exhausted, on tho hearth . Tonr faithful soul!' thought I. 'Rest thoro awhile-— yen iniiv nwako to tho deepest grief.' For 1 reulizod that ho, like myself — like Rjcrtchou --must loso, with Friedrich, that which ho bent, loved ou earth. So I rose iioisrle>>ly, and passed sadly and aluuo into thu gruiit .stouu hall. A breath of cold air swept my oh coir. It camo f.-mu tho end of tho hall--down there, toward thu outer doors. 1 wrh piiuced through with iu chill toui'h Certainly, tho outer doors must be open ! Cuuld Klaus, in bis auxicty, have forgotten to close them after the doctor's entrance ? I jwercd through tho vista of dimly-lighted archos toward the en- 1 turn co and moved a few steps iu that dirao tiou. Ah I did so, I was nuro I heard u muffled knocking at the portal. I lintoned intently, and aftor a moment the sound was repeated and followed almost immediately by tbo slipping of a bolt. Still I saw no one and I concluded tho sounds must ooino from some other part of tho Scbloss, I wa9 about to turn aud desist from investigation, wbnn I again felt tbat icy blaat swoop my face and throat. Thoroughly 6tartiod, I strained n?y eyes to see mere clearly before inn, thoy bncamo gradually uccu ! '.,J to tbo Scmi-dnrkneas and I perceived tbo nid- ssivo dears Hwing in ward ou then- groat iron hinges, to admit a tell, dark figure in hood and cloak. A- priest!' I thought, iufttanUy; then the thought was succeeded by anothor. ' 1' riedrich Is notu CaLholiu ! Who hag sum- momed him? The doctor, perhaps !' And then again: ' Who lma admitted hicu ?' I, myself had neon tlitH durk figure puss through doors bolted and birred I I hud heard his muffled knocking ! I saw him, now, bjforo mo — and ye t "f a certainty I know that nono had bado nioa enter nor had nny hand unclosed tho gates to give him entrance ! Smitten with a namelcsg fear I stood, or rather leaned, against ooe tho acono pillars (or support. Tho dark figure now moved toward raa down tho hall. Nearer — nearer it oarao and I saw that I was right— it was the figuro of a priyst. Av hu pa«ed cIoro besido mo his omvl foil back and revealed auold, wrinkled, ushy fuco I in which were not two gleaming 03014— black und evil. Ho looked not to tho right nor to tho loft, but as I10 passed up tho widu stairs, he rtiiuad ono thin, white huuil above his brail and the dark nlocvo foil back and showed tho whinny, withircd arm, baru to tlio elbow. I stood frozen with terror to tho spot— I kuownnthow long— when aliarahsoimciHrnoto upon my oar. It w«is followed by a shrill acrc.nu aud old Klaus nwhud from tho room cud throw himself at my feet. 4 Gad have mercy upon us,' ho sbrlokod, almost crazed with fright, 4 the Ghost-Bell !' Again came the harsa sound — tha clanging of nn iron bull ! It Hindu cruelly upon my shattered House — wild, fitful, irrogiilar — and, Godforgi.m mo ! not us human band could have rung it ! I flew up the Htiiirs — Klaus clcso behind In a moment I was in tho Baron's chambor Tho physician laid lite cold hand on mino — I Raw the truth writtaa in his faco — It u over,- ne Haul." lid i< dead I — Dublin , Cttiviv.iUi/ Matjozute. 