THE STORYTELLS:*. The Tower Ghost. A Story of the Spirits. (From Vanity Fair ) ?Well,' said Colonel Blake, as liu withdraw hi* cigar from hi* mouih ai d emitted a little cloud of tobacco smnko 'the quarters aren'r, bail, at any r-te. and, gho.-ts or no ghosts, £ mom ti make myself comfortable hin».' 'I don't suppose you'll bo ran -li troubled,' responded the Rev.- Mr. Orwin; 'but it is quite certain that half a dozen of tho men here believed that they have seen this appaution, - r vision, or whatever you liko to call it ; and it is equally certain that many uncanny things have happenol hmv and do happen still.1 And, after a pause, he went 6a — 'Only yesterday I was falking to Sergeant M'Murdo about it, who ia a stout fellow enough, aud the List man to bo frightened out of his wits by anything that has ever appeared to mortal eyes. He told. me that the t--en eot used to it after a time, when they find it doesn't do them any har:n. But they never talk of it ; and recruits are loft to find out its existence for tliRin solves. However, you now know a'l there is to tell you, so let us change i/iiu Hunjeut. ' Good. We'll let tha gliost and liis evil wnys alone for the prosent. But, Orwin, not a word of this to my wife or daughter. They'd bo fancying that they saw all sorts of things if they were to hear that the place is haunted. I shall give general orders as 'to secrecy as far as they aro concerned, and I wish you could just drop Splinters a hintio keep his month shut before them. And, now, if you're ready, we'll join tho ladies.' 'I won't forget to do so,' returnofl Orwin, ns he rose; 'and you may rely upon myself and Splinters. As for the rest, they are all aafo enough. There isn't a man in the Tower who will mention the ghost if he can help it. They aro too muchnfrnul of iiuerFs'r in-r with its ghostly Vagaros.1 This conversation took place in a comfortable room in the Tower of London oho evening in tho late summer of 1821. Tho trial of Queen Caroline was in progress, and popular feeling ran high ; for which and other reisona the Guards at the ''ower hal been doubled. Colonel Blake h.vl jusl taken up his quarters there us keeper of tho renalia, and he had brought; his wife and daughter and young son with him. This wns his first evening in his new abode, and tho resilient chapla'n had dined with tho new keeper and his family. On the following d.iy Colonel B'-nkn, who tvns no believer in uhosts, marie what inquiries he could as to the stories which had been told him hy Orwin ; but ho failed to learn much. Ho could hardly question tho men personally, and V thoujjh ho closely intorrotjated Sergeant M'Munlo, he could not got much satisfaction from him. He (tho sergeant) used to call it rubbish too, he told the cjIoukI, but he knew better now. Hn ; he had not seen anything in particular himself ; but he had heard .queer sounds and certainly there were ma' y uncanny things seen there. The guard had often turned out at tho sound of a shot, sometimes to ikd the ssntry in a fit or a swoon : and he always told the same story when brought round. After a time the bnys seemed to get med to the ghost — for ghost thera certainly was — nud then they paid no fuit'er atlcntfon to it, finding that their musket balls did not hurt it and that it did not hurt them. Still, they seemed to want a rcoH deal of intro duction to it before thoy reached that stage of familiarity which, is supposed to breed. contempt. ' T never mention it to tho men, ended the sergeant, 'and never tnlcc mtice of their stories. It's best that I should seem to know mthinij of the ghosts. They do us no hann,'nnd wn do them none ; so .' live and let live,' I says.' Dr. Splinters, tho me'liral officer, pooh-poohed this particular ghost and all other ghosts, after ilio manner of all approved scientists. Tie had never seen anything tho existence of which ho could not explain, except tlies;iloon and he did not believe in nnythinc; which ho could not lindorntind. He. a-lmitted that ho had huen on Bevcral. oocas-'oris called upon to atteu'l set. tries who had boon found une.onfc:oni nt their post; hut lie attiibuted their seizures to natural causes. 'Thesn fellows are toi well Fed hern, yeu see,' he lold tho colonel ;' and tluir lives are consequently always going wrong. Tl'cn they got giddy, and think that they seo things, and suffer frcm vertigo'. Odd that so mnny of them should be taken bad ? Yes, of course, it's old; but sure to be some natural exploration. R;rer atV not so wholesome as it nvght be. , G-hasts a'l bunkum, anyhow. Smart chap, perhars, starltd the story to get off punishment. Example followed by_ less smart chaps'— who couldn't invent' for themselves— ever since. Thor always pull round after a couple of blue pills. Nothing like a b'ue pill to clenr away tho blue devils.' And tho materialist medico lausjhed the short dry laugh thai; was peculiar tj himself. ' So Colonel B'ako wns obliged to wait upon events. He had done what he could. Though no believer in ghosts, he was yet no scoffer, for he knew that there wpro things on earth not ermprehonded in his philosophy He was in no way fearful of anything lhar'-rnii»ht happen ; and,* as the days pnWsofi by with th At regular monotony which is nowhere moro striking than in n garrisoned fo-fr, he kogan to (oil ink that, after all, the Tower uho-t had no real existence outside the imij nation of those who professed to 4 hive, seen it, and to incline to the opinion entortniuej ty Dr. Splinters. Tot, strangely enough, ho became conscious of regrots that he had brought his family to the Tower with hiir, which increased rather than diminished as the tho unev-n!ful days past by; i.nloiino ho felt a strong impulse to send his family i'rjm him, iE only for a time. Still, ho could not say* that ho folf any presentiment of coining evil, and t'io ladie.i ha I give-, no sign that they were awnro of anything unusunl ; and soon ho came to laugh at the ide:\ tint ho ini«hfc havo sent thorn away, and livod the solitary lifo of a'i unmarrio 1 ollicer. Yet Colon il Blik'3 .was destined to pasa the remaindi r of his lifo in un availing ie^ret that he had not attod up in that almost momentary impulse. ' Amy,' said her father one very sultry evening, after the dinner things had iieon cloarod away ; ' cannot you sin.g something fur us?' Or is it too hot for such exertion ?' 'Oh, no father,' replied Mi3s Blake; ' I will sin? as much as yon like.' And she sat down at, the piano ind sang several of tho most popular sou^s of the day. Presently sha closed the instrument, and nuved towards the open window. ' It is warm to-ni^ht,' sho said, as she seated herself opposite her father. ' Piping hot,' I should call it,' emphasised her brother Tod, a boy of 15, as lio laid aside tho book which tho gathering twilight rendered it impos siblo to read. 'llominds me of Madras,' added Colonel 131ako. 1 Do you know,' said Mrs. Blakri, who was sitting by tho table in the ruid-Ue of the room, ' that while Amy win playing, it seemed to me to grow suldeuly quite cold. I folt so chilly that T was just going to ask yon if you would closo the window; when tho feeling seemod to pass off. Silly of mo, is it not ?, And Mrs. BLiko shivered as she spokp. 'Very strange,' replied Colonel Blake, with cone rn ; ' I hope, my doar, you are not going to be ill. To mo it seems that this is tho hottest day that we I ave had this year.' .?ind the Colonel thought, as the parly relapsed in silence, that ho would get Dr. Splinters to come over in the morning and look at his wife. And so, for a time, the parly sat in the warm twilight listening to the regular tramp of the sentinels upon tho terraces above and below, and tho sound of their voices as they answered one another. Presently tho refrain of Amy Blake's last song was heard from below, as the sontrv at tho bottom of tho staircase took up the air with a fine, thou»h uncultiv.it-;d, tenor voice. Plight thron-jh to tho end tho man sana the sons',' which was one of thosa military., compositions so much in vogue GO years 'or so ngi; and as he finished, Mrs. Blake shivered again audibly: — ' Te I,' she said, ' will you shut- tho — ah — h — ' And as she turned towards tho door, which Has open, she broke off suddenly. Startled at the. str vine d tone in liPr vuiuB, vjuioiiui jsittKc icoKon at, ins wire. An expression of wondering surprise, mingled with terror, was on her f ice, and her eyes were fixed on the open door. Followingler gaze, thg colonelleaned from his chair as --his eye fell upon tho doo-\ For rolling throu ;h it into the room, he saw what; seemed to be a volume of dense smoke. 'Good heavnns !' ho ejaculated; ' there is something on fire !' But as lie spoke the seioke seemed to shape itself inlo a pyramid of da-k, thick mist, which revolved quickly round its own centre. ' What do you see V he asked hu wife, striving to speak calmly, and keeping bis gnzo fixed upon the shape loss masi, which now seemed 'to him to contain something working in its contrr. But his wife seemel too tm-iilied to spsak. She iivl her daughter could onlyc-tare — as a rabbit mny stnre nt the serpent whose prey he is to be — unable to move or speak. And all the time Ted, who saw nothing except tho frightened faces of his mother and sister, looked on in wonderieg awe, unable to understand what was taking place. At last ho criod nut — ' leather, look at mother I What ii I ho mat tor with her? Amy! Amy ! What is it?' But there wns no answer, until a minute lafc'T Mrsi Blake threw down ?her head upon hor arms on tho table, and finding her tongue at Inst, cried out in agony — 'Oh, my Gotl! Tt ha.? seized inn!' And, with a piercing scream, she swooned away. His wife's cry aroused Colonel Blake who seized a chair and hurled it at the phantom with all his force. Tt passed right through the figure and crashed against tho sideboard behind it. And now tho at first shapeless mas* had evoked from itself tho fearful fora of a gigantic man clad in a leather jerkin, stained as it seomed, with dark stains. In its right hand the tiling hnkl by the head a human hoad, which seemed to dn r- Mood unon the earnest as it was borno forwarl ; while in. its left it 'grasped a bloody axe, such as the headsmen of the M'ddle Ages used to wield.. And horriblo as tho thinu was to look up n, its face was more dreadful sti'l. Such n flemoniaoil, scowlinn gr'ntb.1 colon -1 ciuid nev.^r havo irangined untl. h- aii'.v it: it passed all description. And this fear sotr.e apparition, still enshrouded in th' tliuk grey mist in which' it first appeared, seemed to the colonel to glide slowly round tho room, scowling upon him with that frightful grin as it it did so, until it reached the door again. Then it disappeared! as ii had come, through the open doon Not till tho thing, hul gono did Colonel Blalto find himself able' to move. After his one effort to rout tho enemy he ha'l stood as though paralysed, unable to take hU eyes from the phintom, whoso fiendish look had almost frozen tho. blood in his veins. But Coronel Bla'te was no coward, ;m 1 a* it disappeared he riuhe.1 to thj door to follow it. Before ho could do so, hjwovei-, tho sound of a challenge from bjlow, and a shot, followed by a fear ful shriek fro n 'out*Uc, smote up in h s ears. Then there was a momc: t's silence), and 'finally a ho:ivy fall. The Colonel paused, horror-struck, aa he listened, and Prejhu could sufficiently re cover: himsi'.lE to get down's lairs the measured tramp of the guard approach ing Mi upon his grilofnl ears. He stopped to l'Sten, and heard the poor sentry, who had so lately been singing challenged. But there was no response ; for the man was face downwards on the ground, utterly unconscious of his duty. The sergeant shuok him roughly, and, asserting with an oath that he hud been asleep at his post, ordered him. under arrest. Then having posted a new sentry, he wont ou to cjmplete his round. Colonel Blake drew his hand across his damp brow, and returned to the room where he had left his wife. There the oi^ht of his sjn and daughter, bending over lur lifeless form, seemed to biicg him lo himself once more, liaising his' wife in his shaking arms, he bore her to her room where, laying her on the bed, he left her with his daughter, whoso toiror at what she had soon had givon way to anxiety for her mothor, when sho saw hor stretched upon the iloor, to all appearance, dead. Next he sum moned an orderly, and sent an urgent message to Dr. Splinters. Then he sat clown and tried lo question Ted as to what he had seen. But though the boy said that ho baa felt an indescrib able sensation of chill and horror, he stoutly denial that ho had seen any thing, and could only wonder nt the agitation which had manifested itself before him in his parents and sister, which .he . could not understand. The latter had seen what she described as a pillar of smoko rolling in through tho open door; but had then ctovoted all her attention to her mother, so that she had seen nothing else. Even when Colonel Blake hurled ih ? cha;r at the apparition, she had only glanscl up in fear and wonderment to sec her father Ljazing, with an expression of intense awe, into a misty cloul, which alono sho saw ; and after that she had soon nothing but hor fainted mother The rest of this truo story is soon told. Dr. Splinters scorned impressed when ho heard Colonel Blake's story, but, after his kind, would admit rotli ing, and' said little. Airs. 131r\l-o returned to co:is-jiousness under the influence of such restoratives as he administered ; but a- perfect quiet WMi enjoined upon her, no questions ~wero tokeil as-to--- i?hatj»sk?4w-l-*-ncofh*- She wns never herself a5iv!i',*an;l when some days after that terrible evening, her husband ventured to allude to it, she shuddered so violently, and with such evident signs of real terror, that the subject was at onc3 dropped. She ivas, of, cou-s'1, removed from the Tower on the day following her attneik but though tended with the greatest care by her daughter, and prescribed for yb the most eminent physicians of Iho d.iy, they could r.ol heal tho mind diseased, ami Mrs. Blalto never rallied. Sho lingered on in a state of extreme dejection for six weeks of, apathy ami then she died, quietly — the doctor s:iiJ of inanition. Perhaps it was only the) necessity of nursing hur mother that sived Amy from a like fate, by divert ing her thoughts from what she had saon until the horror of that fatal evi n'ng h. id decreased. As for the poor sentry who had been so frightened by what he siw, he was court-martialled on the next day for having been found asleep on ha post. He declared that, whilst walking towards tlie stair entrance which led to Colonel Blake's quarters, he had seen a gigantic form glide out from the doorway. At first ho had taken it for a huge bear and viewed il with surprise, wondering at the samo time as to how such an animal should bo found in such a place. But as the thing passed closo to him, and leaning lorward glared into bin face as it eliil so with (lie! impression of a perfect d-!iil, as ho describe' 1 il, ho hail frit: ao inexpressible dread coino over him. Nevertheless, as it; passed, tho sentry had raised hi3 mu-ikeit and Ii rod into the (isure ; which, ho ssiM, had re sponded with a peal of unearthly hi tighter ns it lloaluel over tho barbican, after that ho remembered no wore until ho found hi jisclf under arrest The court, of course, refused to believe this story, though it cuuld not diubt the man's sincerity, .so clearly was it impressed upon his sharp, whito face, but Colonel Blake appeared on his behalf, and proved that, the man could not have been asleep, as he. had been siiuing, ?'inel hi.s (tho ColonplV) family had been listening to him less llinn live minutes before. Thoro 'its also in his favour tho evidenco of the discharged musket : and eventually the court acquit tod hi'n, believing that he hud hecn tno victim ot a sudden, attack. of vor'igo. Colonel Blake who visited ihe poor follow after his acqii'ttal, wis shocked at the chan»o which he saw in hie: face.' I'Yr-in the ruddy glow ofro'ust health it had given place to a corpse-liko psllo*. ' Chest1 up, my lid,' s,aid the col ined ; 'your singing got you off so well that time that you, will bo wise to cultiiate tho halifc.' ' Coloni'l,' lie replied, ' [ have to thank you for saving my character ; but tV-re will I o no uioiv sinjjingToi mu in 1'iis worl 1. When that liunl grinned into try Fnce as it p'lsscd, I know thut my timohad come':' ? ' And, in spite of the efforts of his comrades to cheer him up, and to rid him his morbid fancies, tho man died within eight-and-forty hours — another victim to the Tower ghost. Colonel Blake was never the samo man again. The impression created on him by the events of that terrible night never quite wore off, and, added to the loss of his wife, to whom he was do voted, made h'm a prematurely old mm. To the d.iy e-f his death, ho was most reluctant to speak of the Tower ghost, though, in bu always said, he would nuvcr deny the thing that he had seen. [Note. — The above story is a true story, in which the names only of the persons concerned have been suppressed. Its main incidents wore known to the late Sir David B'rewster, who commu nicated them tj the late Professor Gregory, in whose work on ' Animal Magnetism ' they arc noted as ' Case G5.' But it is biiliuved that no de tailed account of the Tower Gliost Ijas been jret published. It only re mains to add that the origin of this apparition is quite obscure, and no probable canso for it has ever been assigned. Tho fatal results were, of course, duo to simple terror, and not to any destructive power possessed by the apparition. It is a curious fact in connection with this gliost that its appearar.co was not identical to everyone who saw it : that while lo some it merely took the appearance of a mass of grey mist, to others, observ ing it at the same moment, it appeared as a fearful human form ; while others anain, wero unable to see it at all. This has been explained as the result of tho varying dogrue of ' sensitiveness' which is possessed by diffuront persons and eiy tho different distances at which the appearance is seon, as well as by the degree of jts intensity at a given moment. And, in tho absence of any better explanation, this theory may perhaps bo accepted.] ' 