'BULLETIN' RECOLLECTIONS. There is probably not a solitary over-grown inhabitant of Australia who has not gloated over the. Sydney Jiulletin. It is n journal that has won its way over every square acre of this great island continent ; it is to be found in the luxurious coniroirtmcut of theuotentaf?. in the lowly hovel of the poor, in the squatter's homestead and shepherd's hut. It has been loved, hated, eulogized, condemned, blessed ai)d cursed, but they all take and read it, and squirm or shriek. Now it is sfimewhat re markable that, considering the wide spread popularity of the Bulletin, very \\\\#\e, if nny thing, is known of its inner workings, of the' personality of the literary geniuses who have produced such a revolution in Australian journalism. It is here proposed to throw a little light upon this department for the edifica tion of humanity. ; EDiToaAitcimrAi.i-. Without further speculation wcwHI grifle the reader into a snug little room in a compact building in Pitt-street. Standing \jp, w'th a pile of ' copy ' in his hands, is a slim, well set man of thirty or thereabouts. He is dictating to a typewriter. There will probably be seen a citizen explaining some troublesome matter, but the man with the ' copy' will do his best to get rid of him and will succeed with the utmost diplomacy. This gives you a better chance to examine him. The face is well nourished growing a close cut beard pointed towards1 tho chin, which is sufficiently forward to denote firmness. The 'mouth is humanely — a comprehensive term— shaped the nose is prominent and finely cat, the eyes have a diamond'brilliancy and are closely Set, denoting nejietrntion. The brow evidences rather a vigorpus -well-balanced brain than abnormal development. When not lit up by a joke, the face wears a thoughtful expression, not melancholy, but serious. The tone of voice is sluirp, very distinct and peculiar. Directly he meets you he invariably asks, 'Wc'l, how are things ?' This is Editor Archibald, mild part proprietor of the Jiulletin, the most brilliant. : parag.-aphist ?? in Australia, the manufacturer of a ' PoKtical Point,' a ' Personal Par,' and a ' Brief Mention,' the keen searcher- after1 wit and humour. He cau steal a joke from an inquest and make the schedule of it Bill of Sale dance with pathetic beauty. He can turn a calamity into a para graph of exquisite humor and boil down a financial statement into a two-linclitcrary gum. It! is he who suggests the majority of the car topis and illuminates the print .with spark ing journalism. Watch him going through a ton of contributions wi(li the rapidity of light ning ! There is a ceaseless flow into the wa5te..,paper . .baskej,. .but his quick eye. detects a [straggling. ..ppititf ivith unerring certainty. Sir James Martin; tho'late'Gliief Justice, was credited with being able* to tear the heart out of a brief in, ten' mihutqs ; Editor Archibald ivill .skiii. the cream: out of a' ton of niauuscript in thesa'mc timer 'His. is- the greatest literary tyrant wc.havc ever, seen and he would sacri fice' his own ' copy 'without a sigh of remorse. Fully; conscious r of the 'enormous power placed iniliis linh'dsj' he, is. the most fearless denouncer, of; injustice, - criminality and caiit-you- can 'find in the ' daylight, ' ' In shattering iniquity' he knows neither friend nor foe: -At the .same time Jie over- .'tempers— just-ice- with -mercy-and-he -is the most excellent journalistic juror-; we have in in the landr''He'''iias made weittli''faid.'''ft:bn distinction with brains-ior -his'.. uncertain capi tal. In private life he is -modest, retiring and nervous; -lie -occupies ( an. unique-public ,posi4 lion for. which, nature .built him. By, the time you have formed these ideas there will rise up an inipiilse whiclr bids yon gel.'but of theror.d* and you find -yourself clamoi'Ingfor the editor's hand, which he willtngly.gives yon to. shake— to get you away. A moinent later you are in the sub-editor's room. SUll-EDITOK EDMOXn. Under a human skeleton which is tied up. to the wall, you find seated at a pigeon-holed desk : James Edmond. i: He immediately rises and places a lily-white, cxL.:aordii:ary ? siua1! hand in. yours ? and; lwds, you to thuchairJie has vacated whiie.hc upturns a cane waste paper basket aiid squats upon it. Immediately lie lights a threepenny, cherry wood pipe and :yabbers — yes that's1 the term. What silly prattle! on tlie commonest topics, heat,. : in- fants, drought, and matches ! If you listened to him blindfolded'you would take him for a lunatic. He is, however, Teasing hismind from the great mental strain uponit. Strewn upon his table aro two columns -of manuscript — ; 'Brickbats,' ' Plain English,' ' Pepper and Salt' — which he has dashed off during the morning. What a peculiar character is he who squats Upon the upturned basket ! Young 7 Yes ! ? not '2u. A .wide mouth, disclosing three discolored teeth, two deep set, sma'.l, blurred, weak eyes behind a pair of spectacles. But what a head! lofty, broad and ' beautifully moulded, displaying vast animal and mental faculties. He is Mr. Archibald's right-hahd man on ,a princely salary. Every woi'd he writes is loaded with humor. He is a master oE tho art of ludicrous desciiption, a now feature of journalism of which he is the creator. He can seize an ordinary phrase and insert a commonplace word in such a manner that both mind and eye aro tickled. v He has the genius for so combining absurd ideas with a peculiar diefion that lie can produce an illimitable fountain of humor. Ho is the unequalled quaint dramitic critic and writes 'Sundry Shows,' which aro absolutely unique. His humor is essentially original with a coloring of the American school of Mark TwaHi, Brnt Hartc, and Avtenius Ward. Ho is an in exhaustible worker and, if ,he doesn't oollnp.se from overwork, will make his mark as [the first. humorist of tho century. In private life Jimmy Edmond is as simple as a child, as tender hearted as a woman. He has a most loveablo nature, seldom drinks anything but colonial beer strongly, diluted in lemonade, and is an in veterate smoker and waster of matches. THE F.IJIKW-LKABISO ARTICLES. The jhtllclin leaders arc admitted to bo the finest and most powerful in Australia. They Imvo undoubtedly conduced more to mould ard sustain an Australian sentiment than all the other causes put together. These personal re collections would therefore be incomplete if a reference were not niiulo to the brainy men who produced them. There are about six writers for these columns. It. would bo impossible to plow them in order of merit, but J. F, Bloomiield contributes the most of them. , Ho 'excels .us a writer on sociiil philo sophy and the problems of humanity. His stylo is weird and profound, intensely nrgumentative,nlway.s,brilliant, but so deep that it requires an intellect. almost equal to his own to satisfactorily follow him. He is a young1 man with a pallid face. He knocks a good deal about town in an overcoat reaching down to his feet. He keeps his coat on summer and winter. On a sweltering hot day he is as cold as ice cream. His conversation sparkles with wit, but he never wrote a humorous article in his life He can writo a powerful leader in less time than -he can 'produce a dull paragraph. This is not an extraordinary thing after all. He is an inveterate smoker of plug tobacco and is reputed to be the most nervous man in Syd ney. Tiio , least excitement throws him into convulsions. After atteuding a theatre he \- 'innot sleep for. a week. lie has a deep seated disgust for our shameful civilization and lvs greatest ambition is to be left alone on a wi'd island where lie might grow his own -potatoes, eat 'possums and chase the, native dog all day, and commune with the starry universe at night. He never drinks and when not otherwise engaged is an unbridled Bohe nvan. He only writes when an inspiration seizes him — generally in the dead of night. TUB 1'HA.IjAN'X OK CONTitlltUTOKS. It would require Mr. Archibald himself to writo anything approaching an accurate acount o'l the army of contributors, casual correspon dents, and liierary aspirants. However, it nay be safely said that more than 95 per cent, f 1 ihe conlrolmtions sent ill aro below Jiulletin s.andard and ultimately find their way through iiie sir. ing hands of the editor into tho basket. The individuality of the contributors is wide, Members of Parliament, pressmen, .'nwyers, r.icrcunuts, clerks, boundary riders, bnckjmnpers, f.iiepherds, sundowners, and sweeps. Each nnd r- 1 receive the same- consideration. The clas :-'c grove'Mng of the scholar is demolished while :'.\c biirrdjoke of an il'iterate whaler is rescued a.id dressed f jr publication. If there is only a suspicion of wit in a ream of manuscript the boiled down essence of it will one day sparkle in the Jiulletin. The public will no doubt think there is a fearful labour required in getting successfully through these contribu tions, but the editor has reduced this depart ment to an art, and with wonderful ease masi ers his work. Many acontributor scuds in a gem, and, being encouraged by its success, inundates the office with worthless manuscjipt, which is, of course, baskeied, and the- writer's ambition killed and his -hopes. blasted for ever. This is the fate of the majority, -but, the t3*rannical editor is not to blame ; he has the reputation of his paper to maintain.' There aro a lew, however, who mayclaim to' bj- ontlic regular srniT, and draw from £1 ,io £5 weekly for their contribution's. - It'is prob.iblyiiot a breach of ?'?journalistic ci.iquei.te': to' record their names. These are a few .':-— Adams, Fisher, Daly (Melbou-.-ne),Hunt(Sydnev')',Lawsoni.'Arth;uI ,Guyal,'! ?.'Scotty the. Winkler,' . 'rBanjo,' and Dyasoi!. Several others should be mentioned, but -wo dp not know whether ijthey_.__sacce.c'iled-in getting ? rhroiigh'ifha winter: ?'-??'*'? '?'''. IMIILMAV/ *AXI) 'HOP.' ? . - In addition to its; galaxy of literary stars, the Jiulletin. possesses the only arList geniuses in Australia— Phil.: May and Hopkins. Their' work is too well known to be 'referred' to here. A word- sketch of them however may be .interesting.' PI: il May is a - delicate .young man with / aVwoKi put appearance, possessing a melancholy, dissatisfied ? face. ' He seems to have seen life and studied human -'nhtnro-till, he grcw-.tired orNboth. He can draw your -features iu five minutes, flith a few- careful strokes of his magic pen. It is possible for him to face you, put his hands behind his back and produce alite-like picaii'e of -you while '-you are compli-' -meriting him on his last cartoon. He can also ;ivrite a lively -..paragraph and ?inanufacliirri .poetry; which he has wisdom enough to burn. Hopkins has all these sadpoints and more — lie is longer than you .would 'believe: He is a 'Vtfolific produce^ and draws -with; electric spued. Ho is only;hap]iywhen he is drawing ''Parkes; amUhe does;, this work- blindfolded; deeming it beneath' his dignity, to open! ..his eyes. -In many outward respects' he discloses his wisdom. Sometimes these artists- are humorous. At- a smoke; concert not.many.months'ago Hojikihs . came forward with a. pioce of chalk drew a figure on. a black board, nnd. wroie the legend ' PlnTMay in'disguise;' The people laughed loudly while thc-artistbowed-and retired. 'Phil May appeared then with another piece of chalk made a few strokes beside the figure and wrote ' Hop. in real life.' A shriek of laughter rose up to split the rafters of the building. THE COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENT . We ? have heard enough about all these Jiulletin ' Boys ' let us say a few words about manager McLood, ono of the most successful, , for ho is part proprietor of theipapcr. Ho ever has a friendly word for all the staff and, in ad dition to giving kindly words, pays the wages, otherwise the Ghost, of the staff. For these reasons and for many others he is beloved and respected. He is also ? a devoted student of i'ino art and many of his works (especially 'tho Squatter's Dream,' we think) have commanded big prices. There am countless other happy recollections assointcd with the Jiulletin office which the writer will not intrude upon the public however loud the clamouring. WlM.IAM BeuE MeI.YH.LK. 