ART, MUSIC, AND THE DRAMA. "Report me and my cause aright."-HAMLET. Barnum said the world liked to be humbugged, and he spoke from experience. His Bstatement, as his countrymen say, " holds water," and it is as true of Australia as of any other part of the two hemispheres. From theosophy and spirit-rapping to marble men, from Slade to the Cardiff Giant, the range of accepted humbug has run. And it makes little difference to the world whether Slade is exposed--as he has been or the petrified man is dissected and proved no petrified man--as it has not been--it is always ready for the next humbug at from a shilling a throw upwards. Sydney has been paying its two shillings to seo this "ancient sculpture or petrified man," and there has been a diversity of opinion as to its genuineness among gentlemen supposed to ho qualified to speak on such subjects. The only excuse for introducing the subject in this column is the prominence given it by those gentlemon, who include physicians, sculptors, and artists. In my poor opinion the only men calculated to give a correct judgment off-hand upon this subject are Artemus Ward and Mark Twain. Artemus Ward used to talk much about "sculpists " and their method, but he is dead; and Mark Twain himself dis- covered a marble man in the Sierras a good many years ago, and wrote columns about it to a San Francisco paper. After much excite- ment and elaborate newspaper obsequies, this petrified inhabitant of the Sierras was interred in the chasms created by the "loud guffaws" of the American public. There may be a Mark Twain, for all we know, at Cow Flat, or thereabouts. I paid my two shillings to see this work of art. It was beautifully laid out on an expensive piece of black cloth, and looked good for all the ages to come. As for the ages of the past-- that is a matter I think of "loud guffaws." An able artist friend of mine, who is something more than a dab at anatom, and who adds to his knowledge of the office of saw bones an observation of nature, pointed out some facts that might be interesting if they could all be notod here ; but there is not space. When I ventured to speak of ages gone, and the Greek-like head of the "too, too solid flesh," he added, " navvy- like, you mean," and I was soon convinced. When I spoke solemnly of "those feet that had been co-oval with Ptolemy or the Shepherd Kings," he said, "then there's a new fact in the social custom of the time, for this fellow wore boots; his toes show that." And, besides other im- possibilities, he explained also, that if a body lay upon the ground it would conform to its surface, but this fellow disdained to have any close contact with the earth. There is only one way out of the difficulty. Let there be held--and the artist suggested this--a coroner's inquest. Then the head can be sawn open and the legs divided, and we shall soon see what the fellow is made of, even as on looking at a bit of petrified wood we can soo every delicaoy of grain and formation. I must apologise to my constituents for bringing in this question of "quarry art," but let us lay it upon the doctors, the "sculpists," and the rest. As for the legitimate in art, there is a rumour of another fine picture being presented to the Gallery, Full particulars will be given next week. Well is it, if this good work of art gifts is just begun. Wo can take much, and be thankful to the full, Tfero are good pro«peots of a fine exhibition in Ootober of the work of the members of tho Art Society of New South Wales. The artistB are feeling their way firmly forward. Mr. J. R. Ashton, the president of the society, has returned from Tasmania, laden with impressions, and not a few watorcolour sketches, to whieh I shall refer again, but which it may be eaid here boar out the expressions of his enthusiasm for Tasmanian scenery. It is good that artists aro finding out the beauties of Tasmania, the beauties which Mrs. Louisa Meredith and other loyal lovers of the little I-land are continually pointing ont The Art Society will hold an art union in connection with their next exhibition as they did last year. They havo exalted precedents for this port of thing, and that is the best that can be said of the scheme. Under Mr. A. J. Daplyn's management, the union is likely to be a success, and thut will, at any rate, be gratifying. Mr. George Walton, of Melbourne, is ¡ now in Sydney on a visit, and baa joined the Art j Society of New South Wales. It is expected that hu will send soma work to the next October Fx hibition. We should be glad to soo on the lino his " Portrait of My Mother," which has been exhibited iu the Royal Academy, and whioh ¡b pronounced by "those who know," an an admirable woik. Mr. Lionel Cowen has'sovera! portraits in progress, the mo»t advanced being a full length of Miss Hoffnung and a head of Miss Myra Keinblo. * « « . . Judging by a recent concert, a possible practical use may yet be found for the phonograph, so that Sflêf all what moat of us have probably looked upon hithorto as nothing moro than an ingenious scientific toy, m tv cono tobe an indispensable "proporty" of the concert room. A recent "audit" of pupils gave notioe by a state mont on the p'Ognmmo that tho objoot thoroof was "to show the progress made" by the students. How tho avowed object was to bo atlaim d by means of a concert was beyond all understanding ; for programs can only be evidenced by comparison. However, being wishful to enter fully into tho spirit of tho affair. I endeavoured to " east-back " in my mi' d to the previous1 audit, held some twelve months agi, an 1 to discover whether any of the Misses Smith, Jones, and Robinson were the same voung ladios who appeared a year before-if so, what they had for nerlv plaved, and wilh what measure of success. My ut'er failure to bring back the ghost of the past brought a vivi I conviction in tho present of how monstrous a faree íb the idea of showine "progress" hv a concert The procréas may bs gauged by tho te icher and estimated bv the parents and friend» of the pupil, but it cannut be shown by an " audit" Had a phonographic reproduction of last ye<r's performance been presented, progress might have been evilenrod-hence thn id-a of the possible future utility of tho pho o-rraph. It is lamentable to see how pupils' concerts; and audits are growing in these colonies. Thoy are badin principle, and lik-ly to prove pernicious in tlmir results. On such occasions it is a common I thing to see young child'on- hose ''progress" should bo judgpd by their tfohnique in fingor exercisos and eealos, and by thoir knowledg« of notation, &c.-n;'rwrgling thmush " pieces " whose purport their juvenile mnds cannot po«stbly grasp. The oerformonoo of these piceos can no more show thoir proness in real music-»tudy than would a «choolitirl's recitation of a poem-in sot phrases and cadeneo», laboriously instilled into her-ovidonce how far Bhe had mastered her apelline and syntax. In either caso the amount of real underlying know- ledg« mifrht be nil, and the performance a moro pwot-liko imitation of something tiught by rote. Is it vanity, or mprely ignorance, on the part of pirents and guardions whioh leads them to lend their ehUdivn for such purposos ? I have attended some dozens of these pupils' concerts, and the more T so» of thom tho more I am convinred that thoir tendency is mischievous. How different is the ca»e in tho gpnuine public Conservatoires of Europe, whero publio porforminco is only permitted nt a comparatively mature age, and only svhou a definite »ta"o in nrtistio training has boen successfully reaobod. The nnpoaranco in publio of voung and immature students should bo discouraged, and musio would greatly gain in th" future if tho present baneful habit could bo ohocked. During the past week there has been no musical ovent of any importinco boside the first concert of the Metropolitan Liedertafel Society under their now rondnctor, Mr. Rivers Al I press. When tho now appointment was announced there weto not wanting those who questioned the wisdom of selecting as the conductor of a purely vocal society, one whose reputation had boon gained solely by success in the instrumentai denartment of muBic. However, Mr. Allprpss has the a Ivantage of plea- sant manners and ion/iomte. and tho personal good fellowship which is sure to exist botweon himBoif and his choralists will stand him in good stead a gen'al understanding between conductor and con- ducted being a great thing. His début on Tiifesdav was suocessful. It is noteworthy that both conductors of the two Liedor.'afel Societies in Svdnoy are native Australian musicians-a faot which ought to delight tho^o who rally round the standard whose legend runB, " Australia for the Australians." The sentiment is honourable ; never- theless, it is a pitv that it should bo ignobly used to work up an agitalion againBt sacuring the service« of the premier organist of tho day for the opening of the largest or.nn in the world. On this matter more mav hereafter bu said, when publio opinion has boon a little more fully expressed. Madame Jaffa is announced to g ve another pianoforte recital on Hfondav ovoning. Her former recital proved a great treat, for Madame Jaffa is a really competent artist . . . . * Tho writer of the letter on " Stage Reform " In Thursday's Herald need Buffer no anxioty on the se to of the abolition of stage scenery. They do mnnv peculiar things on thn European continent but even there the day ia far distant ere a return will be made to anything approachinsr the primitive sim- plicity of stage surroundings in Shaltospoaro's time. " Dress Cirolo " may rest assured that so long as he lives ho will never havo to remain satisfied with the bare annnuncomont, " This is a forest," instead of the glorious pictures of the scenic artist to whioh ho is accustomed. Ho nee 1 hive no more "' cold shudders " from this cause, at any rate. The theatre needs the assistance of the scene painter just as much as that of ths actor and "the musioian. . A perfect play requires the help of appropriate mounting as well as able acting. But it has often happened of late years that the play" and tho player have boen Bwamped by the prodigious emanations of the painter and the ctrponter, honca the outcry in certain quarters for less canvas and more drama, Plav-goorn have boon surfeited with the " real showers i,f rain," tho "jrenuine lightning," and the " thunder by special arrangement," in whioh our friend from the dress oirole dolights. They have hid enough and to spate in this direction, and thoy are just beginning to realise tho tra h ot tho oft quoted words from "Hamlet," "Tne play's the thing." And so it is. The drama of the future will be a high-class speoies of tho modorn melo-drama, a play of serious interest in whioh human passions will be proporly portrayed, but whioh will also embrace plenty of oppottunity for fin» examples of sconio art, in which tho author and the actor will be considered bolero the scenio artist, thus reversing'the accoptod theory of play-making as it is. "Dress-circle''falls into a curious error in his lettor. " It is not a hundred years ago," he savs, " since theatre-goors in England were quite satisfied to watch actors play thoir parts on a stage perfect y destitu e of fccnory." Burel? this must be a slip of the pon ? for scenery was intiodnoed to the Eng- lish stage in the latter part of the soventeeth century, as witness that plea- ant gossip, Samuel Popys, who on August 15, 1061, at ondod a por formanco of "The Wits," a comedy "never acted yet with scenes." Ho adie, it is a "most excellent play, and admirable scenes." Thereafter the faithful and chatty Secre- tary of tha Admiralty of Oharlos the Second's day, has many remarks on the scenery and costumes which were introduced to the London boards by Sir William Daveitnnt and Thomas Betterton. Iñigo Jones, artist and architect (1573-105.), Robert Streeter, sergeant-painter to Charles II. ; Nioholas Dall, a Danish landscape painter and scenio artist at Caveat Garden; and John Richards, R.A., also a painter' at the latter theatre, are a few of the more celebrated contrivers of theatrical scenes and painters of thom who flourished moro than "a hundred yoirs ago." Another scone-painter of em nonce was found in J. P. de Louthurberg (1784- ' 181*2), Garnck's artist, another Royal Acade- mic! in, ond a famous landscape-painter of his day. He invented " sot scenes," and what are known na "ra-ing pieces," not to mention other valuable accessories in stage illusion. So thnt it is pretty plain that scenio art flourished in England more thah " a hundred years ago." jThe doihr _ement of seo >ery need not trouble ub so,much as various other " Btage reforms," which should be insisted upon. First and foremost, why should Btage-charaolers be permitted to do things whinh would never bo thought of in real life ? Talio " The Union Jack," an excellent play of its kind, but one that contains numerous sooial solecisms. Stran- gers on meoting for the first time.aro not content with merely bowing on introduction, but tney must needs shake hands in the moat boisterous manner imagin- able ; two fa-cinating \oung orphin ladies live to- gether, without any chaporon, undor the same roof as a single gentleman, who is not too old to marry ; and these same independent damsols visit an offieer's quarters, and literally ransaok his room. They open his letters, his photograph case», his jowel boxes-nothing is salo from their unwarrant- able curiosity. It is to be hoped that young ladies of birth and breeding do not behave in this un- becoming fashion off the st ige. Another thealrical custom which has boen laughed out of court in Lou don should be done away with in Sydnoy. I allude to the practice of han ling gilded baskets of flowers across the footlights to actresses. Flowers should be put to a better use. If personal friends Uko to j prosent an actress with a bouquet they should Bund j it through the stage door, and there is nothing to be said against a person who is moved, on the spur of the moment, by a special effort on tho part of the arti-it, to spontaneously cast any flowers whioh he or iho mav hapi en to bo carrying, at tho feet of tho p'ayer. But thora is no compliment whatever in a haliit whioh is sot, formal, «talo, and silly. And how frequently this abuse of art causes the actor to forget th it he -houl 1 keep within the proscenium line and not step out of the pioturo ! These are matters which should bo reformed altogether. _TRIDMVIR. 