NORTH-WESTERN HOUNDS. [BY" TALLY-HO."! Last Saturday, 24th inst., this popular pack, which is now permanently located in Deloraine, met at the township punctually at the appointed time. The merry hum rang out while a picturesque and lively throng wended their way through the streets from Mr, McCormack's Hotel. The meet proved to be one of the best ever held in Deloraine, and was patronised, so I was informed by one who took the trouble to count, by 113 lovers of the chase. Conspicuous amongst these I noticed The master (Mr. J. Sykes on Bella, the deputy master (Dr. Cole) on Duster, the huntsman (Mr. W. Gilbert) on' Romping Girl, the whip (Mr. J. Leary) on Dolly, Miss Archer on Highflyer, Miss Field on Paddy, Miss Best on a black, Miss Smith on Venus, Mrs. Cole on a grey, Mrs. R. Smith on Wild Rose, Miss Ryland on a grey, Messrs. John Flynn' on Headstrong, B. McKenna on Starlight, E. Beams on a grey,/¡Codroy on Killarney, W. Smith on Rambler, Penley on Bob, J. McGee on Jingle, Geo. Field on Lady, R, Field on Filibuster, W. N. Creswell on Nicknacks, B Whitely on Colonist, F. Shaw on , Poet, i W. Bennett on Heybridge, K. 'Archer on a black, Geo. Bennett (Wood- lands on Black Bess, Ned Sullivan on a-bay, C. Ready on/Kismet, J. Napper on a chestnut, J, Goodridge on Lady Lynn,' Joe Goodridge on Mr. Morell'»,horse, J. McCormack on Ironsides, W. Fitzpatrick on Bones, H. Brotnichon a bay, James i Cameron on Hop Bitters,' w. Evans on Flyaway, E. Cole on Double, Dr. Bennett on Irish Tandrum, Master Cole on a pony. Amongst the maeadamitsa-J^-reoognised-Mr. Ye manetz, "Mr, Spicer and party,. Miss, Black' and' .Èarty,,JMrs, "Duffy and Mr. Nicholss:;with " a bevy of ladies, The drag was taken by Mr. G. B. McKenna and E. Beams, and two better dragoman or more thorough straight goers it would be impossible to find, as the result proved. Starting in at McClure's farm from the Reedy Marsh-road, they led us in a more or less straight line towards Tongataboo. Several fences varying in height and character were taken in quick succession, for though the country for the first mile or two was very heavy, the pace was fast and furious, and the hounds eager. The first real obstacle was a nasty dog-leg fence with a boggy creek on the take-off side, taken by Belfa, Auster, Romping Girl, Ingle, Head- strong, Colonist, and a few others, the majority finding a gap further along. Pass- ing through Messrs. Hesse and Parker's properties the country improved in firmness, though the fano became more formidable. At one of these an ugly 5ft. jump, the performance of, Master Bella, and Romping Girl, Was greatly admired, though the next obstacle brought Romping Girl and her plucky rider to the- ground. After passing through the forms of Meters, Hingston and Powell a sharp turn was made to the left bringing us over some stiff country to the double at the Tongataboo road, and into the property of Mr. Hartley. Here we found the draymen' and a well earned breather was allowed. It was here apparent that the pace and jumping had told on the condition of Romping Girl, so the huntsman had a change of steeds by mounting Rambler. Away again a pretty five rail fence was taken by Bella, Auster, Rambler, and Ingle, bringing us into Mr. Abey'a glebe and some nice hunting ground. A few more fences and we were in the famous Bullring approaching the Emu Bay road near the cemetery. On coming into the road a slight check was given. Bella had staked her foot, thus placing our popular master " out of it for the rest of the chase. It now appeared as if the draymen had made up their minds to try and pound the field, for heading towards home they laid the scent over a narrow road across a rasping double the second fence being a five- miles, into Mr. Atwell's land. And now we see our worthy leaders waiting for us on the other side of another rasping new five rail fence measuring about 5ft. 3in. in height so some one told me " In the willis streak of had not the ghost of gap.' Which was taken cleverly by Auster, Rambler, and Ingle, and though it brought Mr. Pedley to grief, he deserves great credit for the pluck he displayed in following throughout. Another fence, and the Emu Bay-road is again reached, thus ending a big day's work, for fully 60 fences, and many of them big jumps, were negotiated during the run of about 12 miles and though there were some 12 or 15 ugly,, croppers, I have pleasure in stating that no serious casualty occurred. Returning to Mr., McCormack's hotel, a little conviviality was indulged in, and the master in some remarks he made expressed regret at being unable to procure the promised deer in time for that day's hunt, but he assured the, company that he had now got him, and at an early date would turn him out, and as the animal is a good one a spirited run may be anticipated. !?!,., i , ; 