UNDER THE VERANDAH. .Sir Henry Farkea is the oomic statesman of Australia, Hia daring proposal to echo the name of Australia and keep it for the particular uso of his own colony is only equalled in sub- limo audacity by his recent claim to Hole con trol over the waters of the Murray. He appears in foot, to bo acting a charade for the amuse ment of the whole southern hemisphere, in which he plays the part of the wolf and Victoria that of iho innocent lamb drinking out of the river below him. It is refreshing to sec an old gentleman so full of spirits and as much inclined for a lark as a boy. Noxt week, perhaps, we may have a notice from Sir Ilonry forbidding us from placing weirs across the tributaries of the Murray that flow through Victoria, as tberoby wo "purloin" water that of right belongs to Australia ; or, portray, we may be told that we must consume our own atorm water during flood time and not make tho navigation of kfa river difficult. There would bo nothing in either of these courses to cause people to wonder— if the proposal carne from Sir Homy Parkes. But, seriously, if the Government of New South Wales made a representation to Victoria of tho injury that may be done to both colonies by the pollution of some of our streams, we should make an effort to stop it. Year by year the mass of slush and mud that has already ruined the upper courses of mauy of our rivers ia rolling steadily on to the Murray, and if nothiug is dene to check it, will do incalculable damage. One has only to sec the destruction that gold washing has wrought and is working in the Loddon to admit this. Beaches of that river where, 40 years ago, fleets could have floated, nro now as level from bank to baukas Collins-street is from footpath to footpath ; and it is only a question of time when the slimy m ass works into and fouls the Murray. There would bo something sensible for Sir Henry to set himself to cure. The worst of it is that he has acquired such a character as a joker that people couldn't believe ho was ecriuus if ho entered a solemn protest. The peoplo of tho Uiiitcd States have shown "great sympathy " for the dock laborers out on strike, but they have not shown their sympathy practically. Trade follows the flag ; and so it appears does assistance. Americans are of the same blood and speak tho same language as our countrymen at home. They are, indeed, just as nearly related to them as wc arc, and being . nearer neighbors ono would expect they would toko up their cause more warmly. But they live under the Stars and Stripes and we under the Union Jack, and that I snpposo makes all the difference. In thereat fight waged by the Knights of Labor against capital, no help went from Australia to America, nud, so far as I heard of, none went from England. From which it would appear that labor would gain from union and federation far more than capital. It may appear an excellent reason to capitalists in London nnd their advocates in Australia for tho dock ownerB paying starvation wages, that the docks are not paying fair interest on the money iuvested in them, but the argument is not one that we recognise on our sido of the world. There nre few of us who have not inado tho mistake of a bad investment — a mine that swallowed up half our annual income in calls, a trading company (limited) that held out hopes of wealth beyond the dreams of avarice, and ended by landing us in tho insolvent court ; a coffee palace that absorbed money like a sponge, nnd that would only give it out again to the firm pressure of the bank managers hand. Hut because tho mine is a "stringer" do we try to cut down the miner's fairly earned wage! Let a mero "call" company try it nnd ace what tho miner will t-ny. "Will wo get, do wo ask, the mechanic who works for tho limited liability compauy that is to bo wound up next month to accept lower wages than his brother who is employed in an affair paying 25 per cent, divh (lends 1 And do tho unfortunate shareholders in a coffee palace that won't pay expect tho waitresses and house maids to take 5s. a week bccau&e; things nre financially bad for the :n:- »tu lion? We nil make our mistakes and havo to suffer for them. The dock owners havo made their mistake, and they offer up the laborers as a vicariouu sacrifice. We have all hc&id; of tho Frcnoh princess who, hearing thai thousands wcro starving for want of bread, asked with innocent surprise " why they didn't cat cakes!" In a suburban homo ft fow days ago huttoiy repented itself. Tho head of the house wae pleading tho cause of the London laborers with his family, urging all to give. "Just think," he said, "of what life must 1k> on the chanco of getting 5<1\. an hour for hard work, and tliousauds not able to get even I 11 at " " Bt. PaP®> arSud a 5olul" Australian wiio had as much idea of poverty as his French prototype, "you forget..l.<>»" much fur- i rreia i than hero. Do yon J /un-'thot they can get lawn tenuis rackets for half a crown 1" I The Chinese mind seonis unable to grasp the (ruismso familiar tonll dwellers inboardinghouscs that "o-'ga is eggs." Celestials for years horo tin- complaingly the Custom Houso fiction that eggs wcro "salt meat," and paid the duty of 5s. per cwt. to the barbarian, consoling themselves with the reflection that an occasional egg full of opium tempered the hardship of the tariff to the shorn Chinaman. But now, that the Cus toms have become alive to the fact that eggs are really eggs and not salt meat, Little Bourkc-strcet is unhappy. Ah Cock, Ah Hen and Ah Lay pro test that it is immoral on the part of the Go vernment to call imports by one name to-day, and then for purposes of revenue to change it to another to-morrow. This protest was received by the Commissioner with a bland smile, but was disallowed. And then the Chinese mer chants swore solemnly that the time would come when the people of Molbourno would re gret their injustice. . The revenge, I hear, is to be an awful one. Every Chinese resident in the town and suburbs is to keep poultryj and the broken sleep of the brain weary metropolitans is the punishment that will be inflicted by an oppressed people on their haughty tyrants. My market gardener tells mo that 500 cooks will be singing every morning around the suburban re sidence of Mr. Patterson before the month is over. Quito lately New South Wales has boen priding herself on the discovery of a marble man, who was sent down to Victoria to give our judges and lawyers a littlo innocent amuse ment, with which the latter combined some slight profit. But I am reminded by a South Australian friend that the original stone man of this continent was found in Ids colony, and that even granting the torn? Jhlcs of the marble man ho must yield the pride of place to his stone brother. Many of my readers will remember the discovery of tho petrified remains of n native in tiie Navrncootc limestone caves in South Australia, not far from the Victorian herder. Tho body was stolen by showmen, who hoped to turn an honest penny by their theft, but was recovered by the police and re- incavcd in its first resting place, where it was secured by iron bars with the intention of makiDg it a national show. But the resurrec tion men went to work again, and the body disappeared for tho second time, leaving the explorers of tho caves to lament their greatest attraction. This interesting object is now, I nm informed, in tho British Museum, and tiro question arises should it he allowed to remain there? South Australia appear;! to have con doned tiro felony by taking no stops to recover the booty, but her neglect should not be con sidered as giving the Home people a title to this valuable property. Tho stono man was just as likely as not a native of Victoria. "Wo know that the ignorant natives attached no virtue to tho I'll deg. of cast longitude as a dividing line, and that tlrcy passed back and forwards over it without lntowittg tlrey were doing wrong. The stono man is admittedly an Australian ; the Government in Adelnido give him np, lot Mr. Gillies claim him then for our museum, and we shall possess this magnificent curiosity. With the stono man in Swanstou-street no Victorian need travel over the border to see tho caves. An intercolonial licensed victuallers' confe rence was held this week at Albury, the associa tions represented we are told being those of "New South Wales, Victoria and Albury," the latter I supposo being a colony somewhere between the others. A solemn resolution was passed pledging the various associations to com bine together for "philanthropic purposes," the first of which was that public houses should he thrown open on Good Friday and Chistmas day, in New South Wales as freely as in Victoria. The next " philanthropic " resolution was that all publio houses should ho opened on Sundays from 7 to 9 a.m., 12.30 to 2 p.m., and 8 to 10 p.m. Tho licensed victuallers' "lovo of man kind " was next shown by a proposal that " tire travellers' elnuso in tho act should ho reduced to three miles," meaning that the publicans might legally sell grog on Sundays to pcoplo who travelled that distance. Philanthropy requires, it appears, that the possibility of getting drunk should bo thrown open to mankind for 13 hours a day, viz., from 5.30 a.m. to 11.30 p.m., the time proposed for keeping publio houses open ; and it also demands that publicans should he afforded "tho same facilities for obtaining pay ment for goods supplied as other trades," which shows that tho henevolouce of the victuallers is not wholly disinterested. Thcro was a time when all these philanthropio proposals would have been carried in any of our colonial Parlia ments without any difficulty, but that day is past. As things look now there is not muoh prospect of many more "first families" being founded by tho mcro sale of grog. I am afraid that Sir. Gillies did not tako tho proper way to excite melancholic sentiments in the breasts of civil servants when he proclaimed that all tho Government offices wcro to ho closed on last Slonday in consequence of tho funeral of bis worthy colleague taking placo on thnt day. A far moro wholesome effect would liavo bcon produced if ho had ordered that work was to bo carried on to 8 o'clook in tho evening, without payment for overtime. I met one civil servant in tho aftomoon who was mourning on tho beach with a cigar iu his mouth. " I was in tho sorvice as far back as '54," said lio, " and one of tho jollicst days I ever lmd in my life was tho ilay of gcnoral fast, prayer and humiliation thnt was ordered for tlio outbreak of tho Crimean war. What a picnic wo bad, and how we all enjoyed it ! I wouldn't caro for that now, you know," lie added, " but this is very pleasant 1" I think thnt Archdeacon Locaille, of West Australia— a gentleman who has sprung into cmincnco this weok— was perfeotly right on insisting on having tho hones of tho buried Protestants removed from tho Catholio cemetery at Vnsse. How very awkward it would bo for the reverend gentleman, and indeed for tho two hcieties themselves, if these unqualified persons were to manago to slip through with a crowd of faithful ghosts, and get into that portion of heaven reserved exclusively for Catholics ! It would bo uncomfortable for everyone, and for nono more than tho poor heretics, who would have to live through all eternity with spirits who would regard them as interlopers. Tho worthy Archdeacon waB therefore to he com' mended for tho step he took. Ho avoided by his action on earth unpleasant complications in heaven, and ho prevented the possibility of tho future contamination of his flock in the happy land by getting rid of the scabby sheep that sought to travel with them. Perhaps in the interests of decency it would . linvo been better to have let the bodies lio where they were and to have unconsccratcd the ground around their graves. St. Peter then could have made no awkward mistakes. No ono can wonder at thieves availing them selves of the opportunities for plunder that are afforded by ladies who cany bags in their hands as if inviting a passing larrikin to make a grab. If ladies carried their purses in tlioir pockets they might defy tho most expert of "the. light fingered gentry, unless, indeed, they hnd a royal road of getting to ladies' pockets unknown to ordinary membors. of tlio public. By the way, that expression "bags " is somewhat mislead ing. A lady said to a gentleman at dinner, "Bid you see in the papers of all those cases where thieves snatched ladies' hags from them and made off with them?" "Ladies' bags?" said tho gentleman in a shocked tone, " I give you my honor I never knew they wore them!'' ATTICUS. 