BANQUET TO MR. R. B. SMITH. v A complimentary bahquot was tendered to Mr. R. Burdett Smith, the cxccutivo com missioner for this colony at the Alelbourno Exhibition, at Baumaun's Cafe laBt night. About 1U0 gentlemen sat down, and Mr. J. H. Young (Speakor of tlio Legislative Assembly), occupied tho chair. The vice- chairmen were Messrs. P. G. King, M.L.C., and J. F. Burns, M.L.A. After the usual loyal toaBts, Captain Trenton proposed "The Parliament and Ministry," which was re sponded to by Mr. Gould (Minister for Justice), and Air. D. O'Oonnor (Post- mastor - Gcnoral), on behalf of the Ministry, Sir John Hay, on behalf of tho Legislative Council, and Mr. Young and Mr. J. Abbott, on behalf of tlio Legisla tive Assembly. The chairman then gave the toast of " Our Guest." Ho referred to the services which Air. Smith liad rendered to tlio colony, both as u member of Parlia ment, as executive commissioner at tho Victorian Exhibition, nnd also as a private citizen. He predicted that if Air. Smith wero to return to the Assembly ho would bo received with acclamation by members on both sides of the House. Mr. Smith, in responding, said that if anything could compensate liim for the responsible and arduous duties which were east upon him as executive commissioner and repre sentative of tlio colony at tho Victorian Ex hibition, it would bo that gathering of his fellow-citizens to express their appreciation of tho manner in which his duties wero per formed. At tlio exhibition lie received the generous and cordial co-operation of his follow commissioners, nnd tlio most friendly feeling prevailed throughout. Ho expressed hia regret that New- South Wales should have left to Victoria tho celebrating of tlio con- tenary of tlio colony by an exhibi tion, but they had tlio satisfac- tion of knowing thut their colony cheerfully co-operated iu making tho undertaking a success. It wus a source of congratulation to know that New South Wales maintained its pre-eminence over all other courts, con sidering its extent, in the shape of honors, prizes, and awards. (Applause.) Other toasts wore duly honored, and the proceedings terminated. Wife heating is cruel, but wo know of women who are envious of other women whoso husbands havo given them a wrap that arouses the neighborhood. Mr. Brown: "Nonsense, child; there aro no such things as ghosts." Miss Brown (emphatically): "I tell you, pa, I've seen one." Air. B. (incredulously): "Whoro?" Aliss B. : "In the play of 'Hamlet.'" 