IRoveitet The Midnight Prophecy OR, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison lones. » — CHAPTER XIV. THE PLOT THICKENS. Sovenoalis and Cavendish Manor, as we before stated, were contiguous, and were two as fine estates us the county (contained. The manor belonged to Lady Drummond for her life-time, and it was Bier custom to visit- the old place once or twice a year. It was therefore quite opportune, that Lord Strathspey and his party were going to Sevenoaks, as Lady Cecilia was quite anxious to make one of her annual visits. She at once caused Sir Varney, who was a most dutiful and obedient husband, to dispatch invitations to their numerous friends, to meet them at the manor for the shooting season ; and at her suggestion the Earl of Strathspey did the same thing Accordingly, when they reached the end :of their journey, the earl's party founrl a gay assemblage of friends await ing tliem. . " We are going to have a delightful .season," remarked Lady Drummond, '"and you may -thank me for it, iny lord ; ; you and Sir Yarn cy would have mopeel here all alone, aud popped your solitary tguns,1 'if Ihad not come to the rescue. JMen are so absurdly stupid !" My lady showed her white teeth in a flashing r smile, as the earl handed her into a carriage that was to convey her to the manor, and put out her white jewel led hand to bid him farewell. " I shall expect to see a great deal of ' you at the manor," she said, adding, with a peculiar lp.ok, in her , eyes and a faint BUggestionsof regret in her voice ; 1 ' you used to like the manor years ago." And I like it yet," replied the earl, gallantly ; " and shall certainly avail myself of your kind invitation. . Of course you'U-not wait'to be invited to Sevenoaks: you and Sir Varney." The pleasant, good-natured, unsus picious baronet bowp'd, while ;his flashing JIady replied : " Not I, my lord earl I always go wherever I please, and it will certainly please me to come to Sevenoaks. But .I've fallen into shocking habits. of .late ; you know liow;I gallop? Well, I shoot, too ! I slioot pheasants, my lord !" The earl did raise his eyebrows in well bred surprise, and the gay countess broke into a ringing laugh. "And I follow the hounds," she con tinued, and indulge in all manner of masculine pleasuaes, Sir Varney likes it, but you are shocked, my lord ?" Sir Yarney smiled indulgently on the ."bewitching creature who bore his name : and. title, and Lord Strathspey protested .-gallantly that nothing her "ladyship ".pleased to do could shock him. 615 ! Meanwhile, the countess and her two children, and their two nurses, waited patiently in; ;the Sevenoaks' carriage, Colonel Chudleigh. and his wife aud several other friends having driven on ahead. " How my Lord Strathspey do admire Lady Drummond," whispered Lela to Judith, with a peculiar expression in her black eyes. Judith gave her a nudge. " Why don't you hush ?" she said, "and tend to Lord Angus. He's tearing the trimming from his coat." Bur. Lela was not to be, silenced. "Only watch bim, Judith," she con tinued, in a loud whisper ; " his very eyes dance as he looks at her ! And she be a very lovely woman, my Lady Drum mond What a pity the countos3 ain't likelier." "Will you hold your tongue?" re turned Judith, gathering Lady Pearl in lier arms and moving to the opposite side. . - " , , " How- savage you are, to be sure," continued Lela; "t'aiu't 110 harm I'm say ing, I'm sure, and everyone knows it. The coachman was speaking about it last night, and . he .says tha; the earl and Lady Drummond used to be lovers, and that — " "Shut' up, I say !" snapped Judith, her brown eyes fairly blazing, for, glanc ing over at her mistress, who reclined amid the cushions, she saw that she was as white as death, with a wild and terri fied look in her lovely' eyes; She had heard the nurse's idle words, if idle tlicy were, and an awful fear thrilled ever' fibre of her being. What if it were so ? She remembered the old report that tho earl 'had once ad mired Cecilia Cavendish, and bow his father's inexorable edict had forbidden his boyish admiration. What if the old fancy still lived ? In her terrible pre-occupation, she had not noticed her husband, or ever dreamed of such a thing. She watched him now with all her tortured soul in her eyes. He was standing in the afternoon sun light, his noble head bared, his fine face all aglow with pleasure and admiration, as he looked up and listened to some gay speech Lady Drummond was making. Presently the lady extended her slender hand, and the earl kissed it, bowing pro foundly. "Good-bye, Lady Strathspey," cried Lady Cecilia, at -that 'moment-, as tlie carl turned and left her. " I shall expect you to drive over to the manor -every day." The countess nodded and smiled — oh, such a wan, sad smile ! — and made room for her beside her husband. . He settled himself down with an air of enjoyment, taking his son from Lefahmd establishing him 011 his knee. " Now, Sanford, drive like the wind," he called. " I'm anxious to sec the old place again. Do rouse up a little, Mar guerite," addressing his wife, "and look at Sevenoaks Towers in the setting sun light ; it is realty annoying to, have you always moping so.'" - The countess obeyed. She roused up, and looked- at- Sevenoaks' Towers, and Biniled aud talked wich a strange glitter in her eyes and a hectic bloom on hfer cheeks, and 111 her heart, deep in her heart, that poisoned, raulcling thorn that the nurse's imprudent words had im planted. The manor gentry were dining at Sevenoaks, a few days , after, . and to gether with the earl's guests, they made a large and brilliant party. All day the men had been popping at the pheasants in the west copicc, ivhile the, ladies dozed over Preach novels in tliecool drawing-rooms ; but the e! ashing of the old tower bell had called them ail together, and now in their best array they occupied the great drawing-rooiu that opened into the dining hall. The long table,' with its spotless- damask and glittering ghiss and silver, was already laid, and through the gor geous streamed the red, August sunlight, making the swinging chandeliers, and costly goblets, and gilded vases, gleam and glitter as if wrought of precious stones. " _ .. ... The Countess of Strathspey occupied a sofa at the extreme end of the drawing- room, with Colonel Chudleigh on : one hand and Sir Varney Drummond on the other. She was magnificently robed in a blue silk dinner dress, elaborately., trimmed with old point, and in her ears'andat her throat burned the old Strathspey dia monds. Her wondrous golden hair lay over her fair brow in countless little shining curls aud her cheeks glowed like the heart of a blush-rose, while her eyes, her lovely sapphire eyes, fairly dazzled one with the splendor of their feverish brightness. Never in all., her life .had Marguerite, Countess .of Strathspey, looked more beautiful, or felt more wretched. At the other end of the long and magni ficent apartment, in an embrasure of one of the stained windows, sat Lady Drum mond. She wore a dress of some light, gold- hued fabric, that brought out in wondrous perfection all the glorious tints of lier Hebe-li!ie face, and her Hack braids and her heavy curls were held in place, by thick bands of red Indian gold. " Cleopatra herself never looked more regal than did- my Lady Cecilia, sitting beneath the gorgeous glow of the richly stained glass. Lord Strathspey bent over her chair, his face glowing and animated. She was turning the leaves of a landscape folio, talking to the earl in. the. mean time O : > - - J- 5 i " i " I'm going to shoot- to-morrow." she said, with an arch smile ; " so you must come to the manor. I'm auxiou3 to dis gust you, my lord. I.always was, a tom boy, you knoyr.k ;Do yp'u\ :-reniember, "Aiigus-"x 'she Regan ; tlicn; with a blush, , and drooping , lids — " my lord, I mean. , tybogv a: .thousand pardons. Think ing of tlie'oW days made me forget; but do you remember wh.it rare mornings we used to have, galloping to cover down on Willow Heath? Ah, me!" Ladj' Cecilia sighed and seemed not to hear the earl's assurance tiiat-he-did' re member. Presently she continued, as if half to herself : , . " Such rare mornings ! Dear, dear, what a pity we cannot be always young and happy ! This humdrum married life is very prosy, don't you think so, my lord?" "Well, I don't know," replied the earl, with a laugh; "I have not found mine so very prosy, but I dare say you know best, Lady Drummond." "Of course I do;" biting her scarlet lip with vexation, but lauehine eavlv, ; j " and , apropos of prosiness, we are to have a .ball over- at The Cedars.' Lady Varnev drove over yesterday to tell me. The cards go out to-rr orrow, and it comes off on the twenty-ninth— a real , fancy: affair — bal masque, you know ! You'll not find any prosiness there, I'll. promise you. And now, -cZo guess who's to be tlie lion," she added innocently, but with a sudden ffasn in lier Spanish eyes. - - "I'm sure I've 110 idea whatever, unless you mean yourself,' replied the earl. . " Myself ! Oh, you stupid ! Meaning myself. I should have said queen ! /Who's to be the lion, I say ? Who, indeed, but Colonel Gilbert Verney, Lady Verney 'A brother, just come home -from India ; and, begging, your pardon,: my - -lord— r.- your wife's old loccr — a charming man. You had better look out for yourself, my lord earl." Something in the insinuation, and in her ringing laugh Irritated Lord Strath spey.. He frowned and bit. his, lip. "I can't see what I have'to fear from Colonel Gilbert Verney," he replied, coldly/;--.-: ;/ „ ; "> ;:o' " Can't you continued the lady, in a teasing tone. "Lady Strathspey is a charming woman, and old coals are soon rekindled. The earl almost involuntarily glanced across at his wife. She was acharming woman indeed, and more charming, he thought, at that 'moment; than he had ever seen her before — she, who a day or- two ago, had been so languid and listless. What could bo bo secret of the sudden change? " Only look at her now — the countess, I mean !" continued his companion, who had followed his glance, " is she not glorious ? Such a change ! Down in the Tyrol she was like a ghost. What is the secret, I wonder ? I can scarcely believe her tlie same person." " She's like the rest of her sex, whimsical and changeable," replied tho earl. "Not so my lord," retorted Lady Cecilia, half in earnest, half in jest ; "we women always, have motives, : especially where our good looks are concerned. Let me read the riddle for you. Colonel Verney calls this evening. The countess herself told mc, not an hour ago, that she expecic/d hinr. '- Can't you sec,' my lord ? I( warned'you to take care !" And again her wicked, teasing laugh rang out. For the life of, him, Lord., Strathspey could not conceal hii' vexation/ 'He was j ust blind and, . simple . enough to :sutter this arch-enchaiitress to win licir object,' which was to rouse hist jealousy "And sus picion in regard to his wife. These British peers are only human after all,- despite their noble blood and high-sound ing titles, and as week ana as full of foibles, a goodly number of them, as the lowliest peasant that pays them homage. Angus, Earl of Strathspey, was no excep tion. Though a good and generous man, and pretty shrewd, he was no without his failings. Being the thirteenth earl of Strathspey Towers did 110; make him per fect by any means. He glanced across, a second time, at his wife, in her shimmering laces and diamonds, her face bright with feverish expectation, and a sudden thrill stirred his heart.; Was it because this Indian colonel was coming, that she had bloomed out so ? He knew tlie story of Gilbert Verney 's early love for Lady Marguorite of Auk- land Oaks. He was only a young guards man then, and he was very desperate when he found there was 110 hope for him, and talked .a good deal about blowing his brains oil t, but concluded to go with his regiment to India instead. Aud here lie was back again, a colonel, and a bachelor still. Lord Strathspey gnawed at his mous tache, and watched his beautiful countess with covert glances. Poor, blind Lord Angus, he -could not see, he could not dream,- and there was 110 friend's tongue to whisper him the truth, that his poor, loving, constant wife, stung by cruel jea lousy, had thrown off" her lethargy, her terrible sorrow, and by an effort almost superhuman, had bloomed out in all the beauty she possessed, hoping to hold his love, her dearest treasure, which she saw, with a. woman's quick perception, was slipping from her. Her husband did not dream of this, which Lady Cecilia well enough kneiv, and her wicked eyes gleamed with' triumph as she watched the earl's moody face, and saw that her random arrow had struck home. But the clanging ,of the great dinner- bell brought this little side-play to an abrupt close, and the earl and his guests filed through tlie glittering rooms, and sur rounded the magnificent, board, allsauvity, and smiles, aud honeyed words, too well- bred and self-possessed to betray even suggestion of bitter and torturing passions that filled their hearts. CHAPTER XV. A PERILOUS STEP. Lord Strathspey, all at once, had im perative occasion to make a run down to Londbn. Only for a short stay, however, and Colonel Chudleigh was todo tliehonors, andliis guests to make themselves comfort able till his return. He started lor the early train, before breakfast was served, and the countess and her children were still in their dressing- room. He tapped lightly lat the door, as he passed on his way down. . Judith admitted him, and . his wife arose, still wrapped in her morning cashmere, at his entrance "Don't disturb yourself, Margue rite," he said, just a trifle coldly ; "I'm off' for London, and just dropped in to say good-by." , .. .-5 He crossed to tlie lounge; upon which the children were 'sitting, and kissed them repeatedly. Lady Pearl clung to. his .neck, and fell to sobbing. = " Don't go, paj>a, darling papa!" she implored; " we want papa here, don't we, mamma?" Mamma nodded, with the hot tears ris ing to her eyes. "But-. papa must go, just for a little while, and he'll bring Pearl a great doll, with winking eyes. Will that do ?" Lady Pearl clapped her hands in ec stasy. "And what shall I bring you, my boy?" continued the earl, taking the boy's face in his hands, and looking down iuto his eyes with unspeakable love. Light, cold eyes they were, a trifle opaque and dull, and the face was inclined to be thin and sallow. Lady Pearl looked like a rosebud beside her brother, aud I think her father, though he was almost unconscious of it, felt a little angry and vexed at her fair, fresh loveliness. What business had she to be brighter and hand somer than his son and heir ? "Wlfafc shairi bring" you, my son, frotn London?" continued the earl, for the boy had not answered. '. ; . . , / "Nothing"! I don't want nothing,' he replied, at last,- with a sudden air. ' 'pearl can-have the doll ; I won't have nothing.' ' : "You may have the dolly some, too, d ubbcr," eriecl generous little Pearl ; " I won'tkeep heriill the tiinel" > " No, T shan't !" returned the young . lord,- spitefully. .' . His father looked inexpressibly grieved. From day to day this was the trouble of the nursery— the cross, unamiable temper of the bby. Nothiiig could plciis'e or con- . tent him ; he was always surly and envious, while Lady'PeaH was; all generosity and sweetness. , . , . - " Never mind ; I'll bring you .both something. Be good children," "said the father, .v' : '' " Then Jie , turned to the ,counte.s3, and held out his hand. ........... " Good-b, Marguerite; niy stay will be short, and the cplpiiel will see that you are comfortable.', i. V KiJ-.J I He did not kiss her, and his roico was cold, .his manner distant and cere monious. . r ...... ..- '-// . Colonel Gilbert Verneyliacl called on the evening of the dinner party, just as Lady Drumtnohcl predicted h'nd'-fhe countess had received him very graciously, and even honored him" with a promenade on the terrace. Consequently, my lord, her most injured husband, was in the sulks, and not at all disposed to be affectionate. " Good-by, Angus," said his wife, her voice fiiltering,/and her eyes swimming with tears ; " icon't you kiss me before yougi?" The piteous voice touched tho, earl keenly, but he was too proud to show it. Instead. oft clasping lier to. his bosom, as his inclination prompted him, lie only touched his lips to her forehead. As the door closed behind bim, his wife» unmindful of'ihe preseiice of her children and; their nurse, threw herself upon the couch and burst into a passionof hysterical sobs and tears. 2' | BHfc-Hnv.a-.yery; little iwhile. she arose, 'sBllah'dVafhl/ s " Take tho children away," she said -motioning to Lelay who had just entered ; "and do you remain, Judith." " Now bring:" iny 'travelling ' dres3, and ring for, . a q,u p of chocolate," « she - con tinued,' whW:t-hey wierd aiorie. ' Judith starpd in amazement. " I am going back to the Tyrol," ex plained the couiite As. " Now is my time, while tlie. earl is away, and I have not a moment to lose." : "My lady— you?" ejaculated the girl. " Why not send me in your place ?" (to ins continued) 