MR. AND MRS. BOWSER. By IMrs. Bowser. SW~ELL, what do you think ?' queried Mr. Bowser, as he looked up at me across the supper table one evening. 'You-you haven't been and bought another horse, Mr. Bowser ?' 'Horse!. Can't you think of any thing but a horse? I'suppose you'll throw that horse to me to your dying day ?' I'm so glad you have decided not to have another! Is it some more chickens, or a new fire-escape, or another dogto eat us up ?' He turned pale and refused to say another word for two hours. Then he could hdld himself no longer, and -auddenly observed : 'I suppose you will feel proud of the title of Mrs. Aid. Bowser.' ' What do you mean ?' ' ust what I say. You are, soon to be known as Mrs. Aid. Bowser.' 'Are you going to run for office ?' 'I am. It was all settled th;s afternoon. I am going to be nominated for alderman of this ward.' ' Mr. Bowser, is it possible that you are going to let them lead you into such foolishness! Ithought you had a more level head than that, in spite of all your mistakes.' 'My mistakes!' he shouted. 'I never made one in my life, except when I married you! Level head! I'd like to see someone who carries a more level head than I do !' 'And so you are going to be alder man ?' 'If I live.'. 'But what for?' - 'Because it is the wishoflthe people. My country calls. The committee have canvassed the ward and concluded that I was not only the best man for the office, but the only one who stood any show against the vicious opposi tion. It is a sacrifice on my part, but the true patriot must be ready to sacri. flce.' 'I'm so sorry!' ' So sorry ! For what? Because I : have been selected above all others! Because honours have been thrust upon me! Mrs. Bowser, you have r. never appreciated the man you mar .?:' ried, and you probably never will.' . jii 'Well, I shan't say any more. I think it is a put-up job to get money " out of you, and I know what a gang will be running here after you. It's your affair, however. Don't blame me if you get left.' There you go! Always opposed to me! I can plainly see why some men never get along. If I had a wife like some I know of I'd have been Governor of the State long ago. I'm going to run, however, and after I'm elected you'll probably be just mean enough to say you brought it about.' I didn't say any more. As soon as he left the house next morning I pre pared for visitors, and I was not dis .appointed. He was hardly out of S.-._sight. bfore .. the. hell rang, and. I .. opened the door to find adirty-looking := fellow with his hat on his ear who Sasked : ' Is Bowser home ?' ' No, sir.' ' Gets out pretty early, doesn't he ? S Leave any money for me?' ,. .No, sir.' 'He didn't, eh ? Purty specimen of a candidate he:is! -·Expects us to i:. do all the figurin' fur nuthin, does he P' 'Who are you, sir?' : ' Who.are- I ?' he repeated as he Sslanted, hieshat a little more and spit ,;over his s'houlder. 'I'm the party as e.carries this ward in his vest pocket, I :am, and if old Bowse don't cum down liberally ihe gets left. Tell him to leome and see me.' 'i Nine times that forenoon I answered SIthe bell to find a ward heeler or some oii::ther sort of political parasite on the illdoor-step. One of them even wont so far as to ask me to pledge Mr. Bowser to vote for him to run one of the City Hall elevators. There were three others : .waiting for him when he got home to Sdinner, and I saw him give them money. He came in excited and jubilant, and when I told him what had occurred he replied: /. ' Let the dear people come! They know that I am the man to do all I can for them if I am elected, and elected I shall be as sure, as the sun rises on the day. What do you .think? I was talking with a prominent than belonging to the opposition, and he said it would be no use for his party to put up a man against me. Bowser stock is way up, heyl' For a week I lived in a state of . miserable agitation. Every hour in the day a ward.heeler rang the bell, and when he wasn't ringing, it was . some man who wanted a sewer or other contract. Every evening the house was full of politicians laying plans and guzzling down my currant wine, and on three nights Mr. Bowser had to 'go the rounds' of the ward and 'see the boys.' On the last night I had to .help him up stairs, and the tears rolled down his cheeks as he whim pared: ' Shay, Mrs. Bowser, it just breaks my heart to shee how e'r people love me. They cry f'r me, and I cry f'r zhem!' This went on for a week, and then the-cauous was-held to nominate. Mr Bowser said he would go through by acolamation, but as the boys would expect some sort of speech, not to say a keg of beer, afterwards, he would Shave to be on hand. As soon as nomi nated there would be no more heelers running after him, and a nomination Smeant election by a large majority. I didn't say much, but I felt pretty sure how it would come out. Along about 9 o'clook he came home. He was running. He also breathed hard and looked white. ' ? What on earth is the matter now ?' 1 asked as he banged into the hall. ,' G gone i '.he gasped. 'HIow gone ' 'Gone up.'. 'MIr. Bowser, tell me what has happened. You act as if.you had met a ghost and lost your senses. ' I-- didn't get the nom-nomina tion !' he whispered, his knees quak ing so that he had to sit down on a chair. ' Why didn't you?' 'Because they concluded that Mr. Scott was the more popular and the stronger man.' ' What! That cross-eyed loafer who was arrested only last week for whipping his wife ?' ' --yes.' We looked at each other for a long time without speaking. Then I said: 'I thought the dear people loved you, Mr. Bowser.' ' Yes.' 'You were to be selected above all others and houours thrust upon you.' ' 'Pes.' ' Your country called upon you to down the vicious opposition. You were the patriot who was ready to sacrifice himself.' 'Yes.' ' How much has this experience cost you ?' 'Four hundred.' 'Well, you have made a fool of yourself, and I hope it will be a lesson to you. You'd better go to bed.' ' I-I guess I will.'-.Free Press. 