TALES AND SKETCHES. ; IKE BELLS OF ST. PAUL'S. J ; BY WALTER BE8ANT, . Airrrt-m or Dorothy Fousteh, the Chaplain w tiik I-'LKKV, IIEKU PACLUS, &e.; PART II. Chatteb III.— Poet and Player Land. Here began the first of many lessons. Here followed the first of many rambles. 'To him who walks abroad in London with his eyes ojicn there are no streets — not even those of Florence and Rome — fuller of instruction and deliuht. But while even the most ignorant tourist gets all his unhistorical soul can absorb— which is not -'much— out of the- Florentine streets by diligent study of his Horner and his Baedeker,. none of tlioso who daily go up and down tho London streets regard their antiquity or heed their history of a thousand years. Yet in those streets has been enacted a long drama in many acts and countless tableaux, with inci dents and situations of surpassing interest, by a people incomparably more worthy than the Italians. It you see, as you may occasionally, a little party wandering about, curiously poking and prying into odd corners, armed with Baede ker or llarc, wanting to get into closed churches and asking where aro ancient monuments which liavo been swept away by greed and avarice— they are sure to be Americans. They cannot walk so well as the English, and pilgrimiiing is therefore a weariness to the flesh. Yet they continue to go -on pilgrimage. Of English pil grims to the sacred shrines and holy sites of London town there are none. , Perhaps, if tliero were guitlos, there would ho pilgrims. A cicerone who can sneak is far, far more useful than one who is only read. First cf all, he knows his way and does not havo' to ask it constantly, ami. docs not cause one to weep in wrong places, which is humiliating. If, for instance, there were guides like unto ATflion. thorn oertnmlv voultl flock unto- the city a noble army of pilgrims, young, enthusi astic, athirst for knowledge. But- there arc none like unto her. And, which is the more, to be deplored, she herself has now retired from tho profession in which eIio was once 'so dis tinguished an- amateur. Circumstances over wlueli she lias had positively no control have re moved her from the borough of Southwark. There is a vacancy. In these days of .feminine competition,-!- venture to submit that the call ing of Cicerone might lie found lucrative to any ladies', who would' take the trouble of acquiring city history and nrclueology. Nono but tliq resolute should attempt this branch of know ledge, which demands, .to begin with, ft vast umount of reading and a tenacious memory in order to.acquiro the necessary equipment. None; again; liut the sturdy and' the strong backed should attempt to ;praotisc this profession.1 That young lady who cannot do her 10 miles of street tramp without fatigue, who cannot hear the jolting of a cab all day long without getting ft pain'intlic back,- who has to lie down with1 a headaclio alter lecturing in- the ; streets for half a day, had better think of some more sedentary occupation. City Cicerone : Parties personally eonduotcd, lectures, given on the kerb, tho oral history of the- London 'streets, -tile wondrous tale of church and college, -of street and square, cf court and alley, of river side and ancient wall, of merchant priuccs and stately com panies— a splendid vista opens before one. I sco the guide, iyoung, strong, and— yes, surely — beautiful, bright eyed,- enthusiastic, followed by- her party. of. ignorant— humbly ignorant — west Ehdcvs or, Americans, sallying forth to extend their. knowledge and iicr own income, to inculcate-in them, respect for antiquity and to pocket ifor 'Iicrsulf substantial fees, to make duiiib stones speak for them and to cnahlo her self; to keep her brothers at home in the idle ness due to thoir.positiou as gentlemen. "Well," said- Althea, tho .only, the original pioneer of this profession of tho future, " we will begin with this side of tho river if you will put yourself iu my hands. I wonder if you Know the memories of the grouud you stand upon.. This is Poet and Player Land." " My inind is as a table of virgin wax," said Laurence. " I only know that this citv is full of history. Deal with 1110 as you thinkfit." Althca considered a moment gravely, as if impressed with the responsibility of her task, and then led tho way to tho west end of Bank Side, where, besido the wharf with its mountain el petroleum casks, it melts and merges into WiHow'-etrcot, where now uo willows bo this ic any and many a year. , Now " she said, lioldingup n finger monitory. You seep I suppose, a narrow street with ware- louses aud wharves— nothing else." . " Nothing else, except two -lamp posts." "Very well. It is no use— no' use at all — going any further unless you aro able to shut | your eyes to every thing that stands upon this ground. Yon mu6t make believe, Mr. Waller. Oh I if oho could hot make bclicvo every day, it. would be difficult indeed to live here." _ " I will make believe, then, most obediently. Only tell me 'what I am to sec." " Nothing very difficult. Bu t first of all these streets and houses must vanish." "That is indeed easy. See ! Presto !" Ho waved his hand. " It is done. They nro gone. Tliero are 110 more streets and houses. But for tho moment there is nothing else. Tho human tyc, Mies Indagiue, abhors vacuity. What should I sco S" "Instead of mean streets there are beautiful gardens, leafy tices, grassy lanes, flowery hedges, and ponds." - . "Certainly. Stupid of mo not to bco them beforo. They aro here — Gardens full of flowers and tho most umbrageous trees in tho world." . It was clear from the rapt look in Althea's tyc# that to her : tho garden# und.- hedge# ryoro really thoro. But it must be confessed llial her companion-departed from tho -truth. "We have gone back nearly throe -hundred years," said ARlica,'"wo aro in tho year 1600 and in Queen Elizabeth's rcigu. That, of .course, you can see for yomsolt, by the way that the people are dressed." Of course one recognises the eostumo." Laurence looked about him critically. " Jt is picturesque. I think I havo never seen it before off the stage." "We arc ghosts: we wander unseen among them; we can talk mid they will not hear us; wo can watch them hut they will not notice us. Oil ! wo shall have the most delightful walk. I -have often and often been among t-hem 'before, but always alone. It is stupid not to have anyone to talk witli on such n walk, is it not "Do you never talk witli tho people';" . "No, "-she replied; as gravely as a child pretending; "I am invisible, you know. Lotus begin. See, now, this is Love Lane." Laurence looked down a dark court with high buildings 011 cither side, so narrow that tliero was hardly room for two moil to pass eaeli other. "There isalways a Love Lane or a Lover's Walk in every plnco where there are open fields .near a town. You are very lucky to visit the place in June. See how bright tho hedge, is with the wild' roses ;.nnd look: at the flowers abovo the ditch. It is pleasant' to walk along this lane in nearly all -weathers, except tho depth of winter; hut. especially, now,- in the oarly summer,' and at evening, when the: people on tlip Eank are beginning to be noisy over their enps and their' songs. Listen ! you can hear 'them tinkling.thqir guitavs. Some, of them play and sing very sweetly— their songs ate all about lovo and Venus— lnit you know tiiey are mostly players and poets, and they drink anil sing and quarrel every evening. Only a little while . ago — five or six years now — they, killed poor Christopher Marlow in a tavern Inawl — you re member Christopher Mailow!" . "Perfectly. Perfectly." < -, . , "I have often seen him on the Bunk. He was a handsome man not yet thirty, but ho drank too much wine and ho showed at times a wild ami disordered countenance. I used to meet him 'when I was a little girl, and before that fatal quarrel in those very lauos. ilo would walk along tossing his arms and spouting his. splendid, verses, thinking that lie. was all alone, becnuso of course' die could' not tell tliat a girl of tho nineteenth century was watching, could lie ' Naturally he could not." "Then they- killed' him. I was very sorry, Tiiey ought to havo buried him inSt. Saviour's, where so many of liis old friends. were to lie, but instead of that, they took him all the way to- St. Nicholas', -Deptford — I have- always thought it such a pity that our own church could not have the keeping of Ids remains." " So.liave I," said Laurence. "Behind us aro the Falcon stairs and the Falcon Inn. Very good company, used to land at those -stairs and take a cup at the- Inn on their way to Paris Gardens — great lords and foreign ambassadors. .in their state barges. Hero aro the Paris Gar dens over the hedge— Lovo lame runs along the west side of tile gardens. Formerly there were many rustic walks among tho trees, but since they havo kept the bears here ami since the Lord Mayor has scut his hounds to the place and the London butchers have brought their offal here, the gardens arc 110 longer pleasant for the /si+t7/>ita THo srnlL'a ni'it nuAPfrpnuil flBil tllA flower beds and lawns are neglected. That is why the trees aro grown so thick that you can see nothing through the branches. Wo will 110b go into the gardens to-day, I think. What with tho baiting of tlic'bcars'and bulls and the horses there is generally such a rabblo as wettld disgust you." ".No," said Laurence., "Bears and bulls aro rough company for ladies. I will go.alonc some other time. Let us go 011." They went to the end oi Willow Lane and- turned into Holhuid-jstroet.' '.'If .wo were not in Queen Elisabeth's time,", said Althea regretfully, when they came opposite ;to the court, of Hopton's Almshouses, "I could show you a most interesting almshouse hove. But of course it isn't yet built-. In tho time of Queen Elizabeth there wercnot many almshouses. I could also show you Xoar-streot where dob 11 Bunyan preached— but lie has yet to ho born. At present, vou see, all is garden and wood. You are wondering, perhaps, to see many ponds about. It is a great place for ponds and streams. Tho reason is that this part lias low ; if it were not for tho bank it would' be under water every high. tide. I suppose that. is the reason . why there is ;so much fever and ague about tlio place always. But haro— hcre"-'-she turned into one of the meanest, dirtiest, ugliest streets possible to conceive—" here wo are at last really on tho most clnssie ground in the whole of. London.. This, Mr. Waller, is. I assure you, liono other than Maiden Lane !" ' Laurence observed'from the legend on the cor ner hoasethattiicy had changed the name, but ashisgnido looked so triumphant he: tried to look as if lio understood all the glories of Maiden Lane. : '! The modern houses have quite, quite vanished, have they. not!" asked Althca, watch-" ing her companion's face with some anxiety; In- fact, his eyes were palpably, obviously, consider ing the present appearance ami the inhabitants of the street— which is now rc-christeneil by onler of come barbarian, and called rark-streot. It is narrow and squalid ; the houses are' mean aiul dirty ; the shops are those which belong to, a very poor quarter ; and there is continually, day and night, floating on tho air a thick, in- VUIUIV VIUMU VI AlliViU J. RUVW U'#V uu»v «« rises overhead, but at the olovation of five feet' seven, where Laurence first struck it, the smell was as strong as Alcides, anil as penetrating as the dart of Cupid. Laurcnco gasped, choked,' and rushed through this bank of fragrance before ho replied. - . - - - " Yes— yes — they have all - quite vanished, I assure you. At that moment — when yon spoke— there wore, it is 'true, a- few ghosts— mero shadows—of houses ; and tiioro s'comed— perhaps my fancy— to bo thcfaiiitghostof- a emcfl— very oild- tiling; I never met boforo. witli the ghost; of a smell—fried -fish 'it was— fish l'ricd in oil— fish - not quite fresh' dipped in oil rather turned,' and thonrfriod—ai very old ghost." Althca listened with some im patience. Such ghosts troubled' her -not; -alio was used to them. " All gone now. Miss indagino— oven tho ghost of the rag and hone' shop, with -the old woman, all rag# and bones herself, in front. Nothing now but gardens and hedges and wild flowers and the— the— oh ! Lord ! that fried fish !— tlio sweetest fragrance from tho wild rases anil tho honeysuckle. It -is a balmy air. Only to breatho it is sufficient." " Wo are in Poet and Player Land," said Althca, apparently satisfied. "Some of the Poets and tho Flayers lived 011 the bank ; they all came hero to the bank to sing and drink wine and smoke tobacco. But in the' leafy lano they walked together and held serious converse ; they were not always drinking, yon know. Here you may moot Shakespeare and Ben Join-on together. Beaumont comes here very often ; he is n very fine gentleman, who dresses like a courtier ; and here walk Massingcr and l'or.l ; and I base seen Edmund Spenser here, but ho is-noiv dead. . Ii> the summer, when tho theatres arc open and tlio Beat Garden, the lane it filled with people who have, come across the river to see tho play anil the baiting ; but indeed you c.111 bear them." "It is indeed a beautiful place to walk in," said Laurence, doubtfully, because ho thought be saw another ghost of a fried ilsh shop a few doors' ahead. "Of course," said 'Althca, "tliis is the hfest time of the year for the Line. . In winter it is impossible to walk liore for thc.niud. Besides, tliero is then almost always a white mist hanging over the place, anil it is said to cause ague. This little cut across the Holds is called Bandy Leg path. I know not why, 'This"— they were now at the end of the street where she herself lived — "is a way through the gardens to the riverside. Some day, perhaps,— it was indeed a remarkable prophecy— "this path and all the lanes may bo covered with mean buildings. . Don't forget, pray, Mis Waller"—- for Laurence again- showed a disposition to consider the houses— "that wo arc in the year 1600. Yon arc only a ghost of the future." " Yes, yes, I remember— only a ghost of the future. It is a great power to bo able to wander in the past — mere ghosts of the future. How I pity those unfortunates who havo to remain ainog present in the Flesh V At that moment too woctor emergen rrom tile House and walked hastily up tlio street. And Althea seemed nut to see him. Do you bear the drums and tlio trumpets the asked. " What a noise ! Why cannot th'cy carry on their show without such a clamor? Tiiey are .going to bait. the bear in the now fiouse-Aiot in Paris Guldens; Look there, at Burleigh and Allcyiic, thcplnyers; and Henslowo . with; a 'great Lord. Look at his silk cloak embroidered with pgavls. Let us follow." She i-unicd'ou't of Mnidcn-lano into a narrow little street, leading to the Bank. Halt way down the street widened into n tiny square with a tavern iu one corner. "This is the entrance to the new. Bear Gaivlciij" she said.' "It is the Hope Theatre as well. The tavern is full of people drinking. Well, they will destroy and build over the- Bear Garden, but the tavern will remain. You don't want to see the baiting, do you?" " No, unless yon wish it." '-"'Certainly not. It is a terribly noisy scone, anil the men use horrid oaths. Besides, I have another surprise for you. You havo heard of the Rose 'Theatre, : of course " Oli, yes ! Tho Rose, of course." " There it is." She pointed down another alloy, harrow and dark,' parallel with the street of the Bear Garden. : "Oh! This is the Rose Theatre, is it?" Laurence gazed with interest at the wall of a warehouse. "I never— do yon know?— ex ported to look 1111011 tlse Rose Theatre." . " A little farther down I can show you some thing oven more interesting." Just here tho street passes under the arches of South'wark-briilge, lnit the Vision of the leafy lane remained in Althca 'h eyes. A little beyond the bridge begins the wall of tlie great brewery.' Altliea stopped before this wall. "There," she said, "is tho Globe Theatre. It was only opened a .year or two ago.' Half-a- dozen of Slinkepearo's plays have been already brought out here. It is the best awl largest of all. the - theatre. The old Swan in Paris Gardens is pulled- down, I believe; but, as I told you; one cannot walk'in those gardens any more, and I havo not seen cither tho Curtain at Shorcditeli, or ( lie theatre in the ruins of Black- f rinra, or the Fortune at Cripplcgate. The play they have acted to-day is the Miilsummcr Jfigkt'i Drt'oai. 'It is a-pity that we are too late ior tno perionnar.ee. ' "It is- a fliiciy-proport-ioned house,' said Laurence, with the docility of the one-eyed Calender. . , . : "Yes. Pity- to think," said Althca, "that this theatre, which ought lo bo kepi sacred to ftU time,; wHl bo presently deserted and tho place left to itself for 200 years. Then they will huiliLBafclay and Perkins's brewery upon it." . - Barclay and Perkins !" cried Laurence, with moro animation than he had shown for tho Bear. Garden or the' Rose.' "Is this Barclay and Porkins's ?" . . - "Oh F Mr. Waller ! I thought tlio houses had all vanished. " . " But you brought-' tlicm back, you know, by talking of Barclay and Perkins." ; " Well,, let us leave o!f pretending. Have I made you understand a little where the old theatres stood V"." 1 z " 1 am ashamed of myself, Miss Indagine, for making believe so badly. - But I do understand something, thank yon.-' ; . ."Then, for tho rest of; our walk wo will be moderns again. This street"— it was that into which Maidcn- lar.o ended — "used to be called Doadman's l'laco. -There ought, properly, to be a legend about it—. a, muriler and a ghost— and people should he afraid to walk alone in it at nigiit ; but r.ow they have quite forgotten the story, even if ever there was ©no, This corner house is the place avhero the old i.'link. Prison stood— the. Prison of tho Libdi'ty of the " Clinks- many a poor pteyor lias been laid by tho lieols in . this; prisoii -tor brawling. It still looks gloomy; though it is only a warehouse now; iiinl this narrow street— O'iiuk-street — was once a laiic.ruiining along' the. north' of Winchester House, .the: Bishop's palace." At tho end of the street tlicy aamo upon the river, and u|>on the queerest. little dock that was over seen, witlrjuet room enough for » barge to float in it. "This is' St. Mary! Overies' Dock," said Althca. " It was inadc long ago for the brethren of tho priory. Perhaps, even, lor tho sisters of tho old house-founded by the Lady Mary long, loiig.ago, even beforo London-bridge was built. They bad a eliapcl - lieie and looked after the 1 trrj « vrj i iRviv vttis iiQvK whs ouv vihi vnv ferry. The sisters were followed by » college 01' priests, wlio.br, ilt n timber bridge. And then came two Norman knights, named Pont do I'Arcbe and Dauucoy, who founded the priory. The monks dcc'pt their binge of state laid up in this dock, aad tjio.'-tvavgcs .' for the cariiago of their wine ' and provisions put in. here.. The monastery stood here,' at the. back of tho great churoli wheie are now uothing but warehouses. But only « Tew' years .'ago thcro were still ruins K'ft.1; : " q : .' ; - , .By thistiina tlie Shakspearcan vision had quite deported, and Allheu .ivas . back, again in tho. pros eiitdnyL' Site led tier/companion by another iaiie.toThc oprti spake before tlio church. By a' happy ueoident the doors were opon and they went within. ;;, ; : : < ; ' .. . - It is .wonderful to think: of this great and splendid, lehuicld lying : buried and almost for-, gotteii at the footot London-bridge. They pulled down quite heedlessly tho stout old walla of. the ruined iitivc,' and ' they built mp a thing of ugliness : And, .meanness:- in its place; they destroyed Die Bishop's Chapel -and would have dcstioyed tlio ,'Lady Chapel as well, but .th'cy: were- prevented by tho coiirago/pf one man. . U'iici u at e a hundred thousand .who daily cross tho bridge and look down upon the church ; t'rbinudl tlio' train# between Charing Cross and Oaiir.on-stieetthe passengers ran look upon tlie tower; yet;' tho. whole day long, the splendid chancel is quiet, untrodden by the feet of strangers, savo by a few American# who conic over tho river to sec the place where the poets and player# lib Iniried and whero, the martyrs wore brought to l.cni tlioir sentence, which was tt'wnys that of death through tho 'Gate of. i'ire. Why, eveniii the chuicli rtselta glass- screen divided the ntw.wivt full) tire traus-ti't, neb it-o scanty congregation kiiow nothing of the glories of their old church. .Althca knew its history anil all its monu ments, and allowed thorn, reading the inscriptions through like a conscientious Cicerone ; the tomb of John Gower ; the figure of tho tcinpler, doubtless Pont dc l'Arolic himself ; the figure of Lancelot Andrews — father of all those who would read mass for morning' prayer; tlie names o Fletcher,' Massinger and Edmund Sliakspearu carved in the stones of the chancel ; the stal wart form of King James's gentleman porter; the recumbent doctor, inventor of tlio pill which cured most diseases and prevented all the rest — he is represented— say, photographed— in the great suffering caused by taking one of his own pills an hour or two before his demise ; and tho monument of Mr. Richard Humble, with the pretty lilies — Like to the damask rose yon see, Or liko the blossoms on tho tree, Oi like the dainty flowers of May, Or like the morning of the day, Or like the sun, or like the shade, Or like the gouril which Jonas had, Even so is Man whose thread is spun, Drawn out aiul cut antlso is done. "Arc you tired ?" Althea asked when they "How can one ever be tired, with such a guide? You have taught me more in an hour than I could have learned in a month from the books. And all.this " ho looked at Althca ns lie spoke, but perhaps he had the old sitas in his mind— "all this— on Bank Side." "My father has got a collection of tho old dra matists, "said Althea. "By reading themandhis books about London, of whicit he has a great many, it is easy to make out all theso associa tions. -If yon like, I will take you, another day, into tho city, where there are still a great many things to see, though none so interesting as these." " Let us go. Lei us be ghosts again. I like being a ghost— in company. To ho a ghost by oneself must bo lonesome. Let us go somewhere else to-morrow," "For to-day," said Althea, " you shall not be a ghost any more. Another day— perhaps. Oil! there is a great deal moro to see on this side of the river. There are the old inns, but they can wait ; there is Guy's Hospital ; there is St. Olave's ; there aro Bermondsoy, and Rotlier- intiie, aim uoptioru, ami i;.reenwien — on : quan tities of places full of wonderful things— to those who can shut their eyes. But to-day I am going to show you oniy one more thing— very different from' Poet and Player Land, if you will conic witli me." " 1 will go with you cheerfully, Miss In dagine, even to the South Pole," ... She took him up the stairs to the main street- and turned southwards, and her face, which was as changeable as a field of golden corn in a day of cloud aud wind, became strangely sad and grave. " When I first read Little Dor fit," sho went on, breaking out in an unexpected place — from Sliukspearo to Little-Dorril is a considerable jump — " I understood the book far better than most people could. I am going to tell you why. Let me show yon,' first, all that is left of the place where 3Ir. Dorrit lived so long. When I read chat book it was not of the girl I thought— the girl who was born in. the Marsbalsea and went in and out every day — it was of a boy who came to see his father and to watch the prisoners — a boy with bright eyes. See, this is the Mar sbalsea — all that is left of it." She led the way down a filthy and narrow , passage to a paved court. A row of houses ufnn.1 hai-V Tn hack there were iron railincs guarding a gateway and a gate house. The iron railings stood open and the gate was gone. Within was another broad paved court with a high wall on one side. The upper windows looked out upon a churchyard with trees in it. . "This is the place," said Althea. Laurence observed that for the actual place, the slattern women, the dirty children, the houses with their open doors,' the bits of things drying after the wash— she had no eyes, She knew how to shut thein. " Here, Mr. Dorrit lived. His room, I am certain, was up tliero, the second house from tho eml. where the windows command the best view of the trees in tho churchyard. Two years ago I could have Bhown you the rest of the prison. There was tho old White Lyou, the ancient county prison, what they used to call the Suney Clink, still standing with its little cxerciso yard audits two great rooms— a real prison. But it is now all pulled down aud built over. Don't you hear the chatter of the idlo prisoners? Can't you see the boy with the bright eyes looking and listening and forgetting nothing? Come away. It is dreadful to be here." . Tiiey left tho place of gloomy memories and walked ft little way further down the street. Presently Althea stopped and pointed to certain blocks of comparatively new houses across tho road. ' "Those new houses and streets," she said, "cover the, side of. the old Queen's. Bench Prison. Jt'has not been pulled down very long. Oh !- I am glad it is gone. I am glad to think tliero is nothing left. of it to preserve its memory. I hope it will be clean forgotten.' She spoke with moro vehomonco than was ap propriate to a mere abstract dislike of a prison. . "It'is a-hotefiil, dreadful -place. -Now I will tell you why 1 understood Little Dorrit so well. It is because my father passed his boyhood in this prison. Ail that I road in that book, and more, I have heard from my father about tliis vile and wioked plnce. His father, my grand father, died in that prison. There wero three of them — my grandfather and his two boys ; one of them", the younger, -Eneas— a very little boy. My grandmother was dead. They wore horribly nml their Ion# novcrtv ami tlio shame of tho prfsou — -it is a dreadful thing for a boy to have to confess that his father died iu prison— and thn'siglits and sounds of the placo sank so deep into my fathers heart' time ne uas nuvcr forgotten them— or the man who caused nil this 'suffering.!' " <\- ... . "1 knew something of tins," saru Daurenco. - ' 5' How did yoii know? Did C-rssie toll you ? Novor mind. You thiiik, Mr. .Wiilloiy that my- 'father is absurdly sonsitivo ; you wonder that' a man should leave his - friends - and give up his,; work and retire to such a seolusion at Bank Side all because he received a harsh and unjust criti cism. But ; remember-' the poverty -and the degradation of his boyhood passed in this prison; How he got educated at all I know not, because I cannot bear that his thoughts should ever bo turned.to that miscroblo time. This it was : iwiiieh mado liim morbidly sensitive. Ho always remained afraid of the world. Some men do not seom to care a bit for the world ; it never terri fies thoin". -To my father the world seemed always so terribly strong ; this came, . perhaps, from living among men whom the world had crushed. I brought yon hero, Mr. 'Wnllci'," alio added, looking up to him with her frank, clear eyes, "because I wanted you to know exactly what happened to my father. I thought yon would then make allowanoo for— for what yon think is too sensitivo in his character. I wanted tliis the more because my father likes yon so much and because you may perhaps lead him a little out of his retirement. You know that yon are the only mar. who has ever road and loved his poems.. 1\. Laurence blushed, bat made no reply. \- T.'ioy began to'retracc.their steps in. silence. But Althca stopped ; before .v great modem arch in ite High-street. GJ tie tby;:;aiiibi j. who pass this church every day I u-i-iidi.-t- how' many pay it any. heed or know ought concerning i it. Even St. Saviour's is better known. ' -"I "must show, you," she said, "Hit strangest climchyanl in London. 'Phis is St. George's— the. olde-.t church ' in tho L borough of Southwark. It is older than St. Saviour'#, though tin; building is quite modern, This, was a place of sanctuary formerly. Southwark Fair used to be held 'here, _ But it is tlie churchyard that ( want you to.see.- .-Let us.go in. This is the burial -place 1 of .all the poor prisoners who died; -luring hun dred# of years, ill the ' Mai'sliaLea aiul the Queen's Bench anil the old White I .yon. Bishop Bonner is buried here : here are lords and great' ', men as well as the humble and unknown who 1 have died in the prisons ri ml were brought here when— when the Lord granted their discharge.' Tlie poor prisoners I The place, before they left off burying here, was crammed with dead men's bones. The people iu the Marshalsca— that. is Mr. Dorrit's window you sec— must have heard, the knell ringing and watched the funerals ' going ou#2vcry day. I don't think Little Dorrit noticed them very much. Oh ! if 0110 could only write a history of St. George's OlmrclK yard— but the very names ef tlio prisoners are1 long since forgotten— and their unjust sulicrmgs , nnd the punishment of their sins— all gone out of men's mimls. Among the company of the; dead . prisonci s, Mr. Waller, lies my grand-' , father." ; - f The cliurchyard of St. George's, like most of the London churchyards, has heeii'turiieiViDtda public garden. 'They have cleared away the headstones and removed them to serve as a kind' '; . oi lining to tlio walls, when; tliby are neatly' arranged in a row, so that no dead man shall ha able to grumble or to complain that he has been" t forgotten before tlie letters of his name have had time to wear themselves out. Nay, so' great has been this zeal to prolong the memory' of the oldest inhabitant of tlio yard, that even' the headstones where nothing at all, neither name nor date, can ho any more made out, have also been preserved with the rest. But the exact spot where anyone lies buried, that is clc.ur ' forgotten and can never more be learned'. Two- or three of the more magnificent toflibs have' been left in situ. Tlie ground, which is .in shape what Euclid calls a gnomon, is laid out in flower beds and shrubberies : Ihoro ure wooden- benches for tlie convenience of those old pcoplo ' who. conic here when tho sun shines, to. repose > and meditate : the children drive their hoops — . in hoop time— which is late autumn-- --about tlie paths. . This afternoon many old people were oil tlie' ' seats: some of them iu .the tasty uniform of the' ' Union : tlie garden was in its fairest .summer' . , beauty: the loaves showed still their first bright" , green : tlio flower beds were gay with animals';' some of the hIuiiIm were in flower. - - " It looks a pretty garden now," said Althca.3 " But its beauty lasts a very little-while. Tht. ' leaves fall off in September, and are swept iqf and carried away. Just now it looks loo bright.' j and happy for tlio burial place of tlio poor > prisoners. But come hero in November when' the ieavos aro all gone aud you will soo nothing' but binck earth, lilack boughs, black (ranks and1 headstones which can 110 longer lie read ; and: then you will remember who lie buried here.' The Dorrits hud 110 flower garden to look into only a crowded churchyard covered with" neglected graves and — I always think so— broken , bottles. At this spot, at my feet, was buried1 my grandfather, Sylvester Indagine. And over, there, against the wall, is his headstone. I; keep it clean and scrape tlie black moss out of- iiiu iuitur. 1 vuiiu.y uu luiiih. unit iuh um only stono which is still cared for." Laurence stepped across and read. "Fn; Memory of Sylvester Indagine, who diol-Apiil 5tfi, 1842, in tlio Queen's Bench Prison. May. tho next world be kinder to him than Ibis." - " My father collies hero sometimes, but not; often, because tlio sight of the stono recalls tha- old tiino and revives the old bitterness. You1 spoko tho other day, Mr. Waller, of-Mr. Nov-' 1 bcry. Never mention that name toiny father' again. It was Mr. Norbcry who caused the ruin" of my grandfather. First, he made him: sell his; iropcrty to himself, just before flic new railway-' nereased its value enormously; then lie rohb'cd him, somehow, of tlie xnirehnse mohey ; then he-" cause there wasstill some chance of getting more1 money out of lt'1111, this greedy money-grubber threw him into prison aiul kept liim there— witiF be' died.' The prisoner died cursing tlio nanio of Norbcry. But lie lived oil and prospered for' 40 years aiul longer' afterwards. If all the' curses laid upon tlie head of Mr. Neibcry had1 taken effect I know not what would liavci happened to .liim. Now, Mr." Waller, I will show yon ho more to-day. You came Lorn Aus tralia to see London, did you not? Well— this is a jiioce of London which Mhink that: Australians very seldom do sec. i.-ii. it- go 'heme." ' 