Our Prize Story Competition. AWARDS OF PRIZES. Ifj may seem to sorno of our readers, and especially to the authors of stories si nb in for competition for tho rivo prizes offered by the pro pi iotors of tho TOWN AND COUNTRY JounNAL, that a long time bas elapsed between the publication 'of tho last of tho accepted stories aud tho announcement of tho prize awards. A littlo consideration, howevor, will show that tho apparent delay was unavoidable. Tho stories came from all parts of Australasia ; and sub scribers to tho JOURNAL aro to bo found in every town throughout this vast terri tory. As ovory subscriber has a vote in tho judging, and postal communication is far from rapid, tho timo for sending in tho tho final coupons had to bo oxtendod, so as to onablo ovory ono to voto. Whon tho judging papers had all been received, it was a long and tedious mather to arrango and count them, for the purpose of aseortaining tho result, which wo havo now to mako public.' Wo find, then, that out of tho great number of stories published during last year aud tho begin ning of 1889 no lesa than seventy-three obtained honorable mention in tho judging Their titles are as follow : " Our Love Trophy," " The Biter Ditton/' " Elsio Mooro," " First Catch Your Wallaby," "Through Wallaby Brush," "Twice Saved," " Faithful Evermore," " Myo sotis," " An Awkward Fix," " A Woman's Lovo/' " Walter Kemp," " The Gumsucker," *' John's Lovo," " Hermit of Glen Edon," " Two Young Boggars," " Budgeree Mary," " Ghost of Grave Gully," " Big Bill/' "Myra." "Tho Trotting Cob," " Wonjby a Noso/' "How Dick Turned Up," " Only a Girl Friend," " Menis," " The Mills of the Gods," "Black Thursday," "Not all Alike," "A Terrible Experience," "A Bed Lotter Surprise," " Phyllis," " An Ad venture in the Back Blocks," " Waited for and Won," " Scottie," " Littlo Joe," "ThoMaildriver's Yarn," "House on tho Hill," "Memoirs of Tom Malone," "A Reminiscence," " Tho Professor's Holiday," " The Bough rider's Last Leap," "A Lifo for a life," " Darkest near Dawn," " Unsaid," " Mrs. Thorn's Governess," "A Gallant Defence," " That Awful Christmas," " The Wild Man of Tindary Bango," "All Among the Wattles," " Fighting into Life," " Little Bob Bentley," " May Evoritt," " Littlo Daisy," "A Speedy Retribution," "A Girl's . Will," "In tho Wattle Glen," "How ho Won Her," "A Romance of tho Woolshed," " Doxie," " Murdering Dunlop," " Out on the Dosort," "Old Lucky," "A Christmas Ride," "Till Deatli Do Us Part," " A Colonial Recoption," " Sacri ficed for Gold," "An Australian Heroine," "Darkie," "My First Start in Lifo," "A Terrible Night in 182Ü," " A Woman's Courage," " Yarramboom," and " A Picnic Underground." Turning now to tho award of prizes, wo find that tho voting has resulted as follows : FIRST PRIZE, ¿£25, " That Awful Christmas." By C. C. Russell. SECOND PRIZE, .£20, " Our Love Trophy." By . Blagden Chambers. THIRD PRIZE, ¿615, " Black Thursday." By Julia Hanlon. FOURTH PRIZE, ¿810, " Memoirs of Tom Malone." By W. H. Delandre. FIFTH PRIZE, ¿85, " Only a Girl Friend." By Emily A. Miller. These prizes aro, thoreforo, awarded accord ingly; and we shall fool obliged if tho authors referred to will communicate with us at once, giving their full names and present addresses ; so.. that the amount of tne prizes can be remitted to them without delay. It only remains to thank our contributors generally for the agreeable stories they have supplied both for tho first and tho second series of prize competitions. They have boen a source of great and continued pleasure to our readers and subscribors; while they havo proved conclusively that there is in Austra lia a largo fund of literary talent which only requires to bo developed. As for tho prize winners, we have to congratulate them on their good fortune, and can assure them that tho judg-. ing throughout was very close in the matter of voting, though the actual majority of subscribers* votes was in their favor. Wo hope that it may prove an inducement* to them to cultivate litera ture a little moro assiduously. 