MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [By Telegraph,] Melbourne, October 25, The end of this week has brought a compara-: tive lull in speculations over the Melbourne Cap events, due in a great measure to the < dis appointments of the Oaulfield Cup day. The Boz party are of course jubilant over their success, but the . Moorlanders are par ticularly sore, and not without reason, at the inglorious figure that animal made in the race, He was overlaid by many of. the books, and if the V.R.O. prosecute the enquiry, which his trainer and part-owner is asking for, \- some interesting facts will be. elicited. Moor bank in his trial beat Boz's time in the race, and it was on this that Mr. Broadridd and those who followed him puttheir money clown. The squatter was BO incensed with the animal's defeat that a scene occurred in the rooms on settling day, and threatening language nearly eventuated in blows. The ring are said to have laid nearly £70,000 against Moorbank, and thus a large Bum depended on the care or . neglect of those who ate in charge of the horse, or who have the handling of him until he passes the judge's. boix,: The reason f why White's horses are suoh great public favorites in addition to their own prowess is that every, precaution is always taken, and every one can be sure when Hales is in the saddle of having a . straight run for his money. The reflection |in the Moorbank ca^ej however,: may not be on the owner, trainer, or jockey, but there is a grave suspicion that the. horse was what is commonly known as dead, meat," before he faced the starter. I am not at liberty to say much about it, however, until the official enquiry haB been made. Those who are interested in knocking the Derby and Cup favorites back in; the market are circulating reports that Dreadnought is going off, and that Singapore haB symptoms of strangles; they hope no doubt that' something will happen to them before the day, as- so hot a favorite as Dreadnought' literally " strangles" the betting1, andthat is . how the term oan be applied. Singapore is a very lazy horse on the;triaekj and sometimes the steel has to be used to make him extend himself} but he throws all this off in the race, and goes at his work in the most lion-hearted fashion. It is to be hoped that both horses will face the starter fit and well j then we shall Bee what the others are really made of. If it were not for the big Bweeps the acceptances for the Cup this year would be small-probably not a score-but a number of horses may be started who will not have the ghost of a chance of winning or running into aplaoe, but simply - for the purpose of allotting starters' money in the sweeps. The final acceptances for the Gup have to be made on Tuesday, when a great number will go out,, and the best half dozen now in the betting will harden further in public favor. From the market indications it appears as though Bravo's chances are gone, as he hurt himselfinthe box while going to Ballarat, but the exact extent of his injuries I have not yet hadtime to ascertain, As tha crackB at Oaulfield are now changing their quarters "to JFlemington greater interest will be taken in the daily gallops there, and as there' iB a week ;to Derby; day and-Another break before the Cup is run some sensation si doings may be anticipated. > The Adelaide contingent have had bad luck * so far, Bachelor won the Hurdles > 'at Elscern wick in the most unexpected -manner, being quite unsupported by > the stable,1 who" have only a very small stake to reward them; andBordeaux > who was backed, was beaten1 by Curiosity in the steeple. Parasite was also backed in the race he Btarted for yesterday, but. was left at the post when the flag fell. The accident to Lady Doris ia'also a elica of bad luck, but I hope for better-fortune before the :l"lenaington ineeting iB over. ' According to indications it is likely to be wet for the Moonee Valley meeting to-morrov, ; over which there is at present very,, little \ betting, but the half-dozen horses most fancied for the Cup are Whitefoot. Bothwell, Trojan, Prattler, Don Giovan,.. and Iris. To these, however, I prefer the chances ef Maelstrom, The betting market was very quiet to-night, Melos was well backed for the Cap up to 9 to 1, finishing easier. Knight of the Garter was . also supported. The following were the latest; quotations: Cup-100 to 15 Singapore, 100 to 12 Carbine, 100 to ll Melos, 100 to It AntseuB and Benzon, 100 to 7 Chicago, Lonsdale, and Cardigan, 100 , to 5 Pakeha, 100 to 4, Manton and Knight of the Garter.ICO to 3"Bravo and Silverton, 100.. to 2 Tradition. , - Maribyrnong Plate-6 to 4 Correze, 4 to. 1 bar one, \- Derby-7 to 4, on Dreadnought, G to 1 Richelieu, 8 to 1 Singapore and Dunkeld.; 