, CHAPTER XML. I A WJIITJ: M;;. Tile E irl of Strathspey held bis word as sacred as liis bond : nevertheless he told, what, in polite parlance, would i>e Culled a white lie, when he avowed his intention of making- a run down to Lou on. And white lies are about as dis- i astrous in their results as black ones, for i if the earl i ad not indulged in this one, J lie would have spared himself many a day of bitter agony. Since that afternoon, when, as he galloped over the Tyrol, on his return from the shepherds cot, that terrible suspicion iiashed across his mind, Lord Strathspey had not known one hour of rest. He possessed just the temperature to seize upon a silly suspicion, and magnify it, and brood over it, till it grew into a torturing; real if 3-. The sudden fancy t iat struck him, was that the little Haxen-haired bov, with a face so wondrously like Lidy Pearl'.-, his />?//','s chil l. Strangely enough, it, j never occurred to this jil ted peer t hat J the boy nught be /".. rhiU, and the one ] who bore his name, alio was to be his heir, J midlife be an impostor. No stich dream J ever entered his mind ; he fully believed j that his own babe, marked with the scarlet j cross, as some of the male Strathspeys had 1 been before him, haa been restored j to him ; yet he harbored the foolish sus- j piciv.11 iliat the little Tyrol lad, whose j lace haunted him day ami night, might be j the child of his countess. He. herhushand, j thus dishonored her by a slanderous sus- j pieion, yet if any living being bad dared 1 to utter such a thing in his hearing he j would have struck him dead at lib 1 feet. J Once in his mind, the fancy haunted ] him like a lieud. Ho v else could he ac count for liis wife's visit to the cottage, for her strange conduct,and above all her obstinacy in refusing to confide to him the cause of her unrent and depression / At last the poor man's torture grew to be unbearable, and he determined to go luck to the Tyrol and solve the 1ny.5l.2ry. lie wvuld tind so:ne way, either through fear or bribery, to force the secret from the glib-tongued old woman ; and he j would see the child again, and judge by 1 its age and appearance whether his terrible j suspicions were true or false. j Accordingly, he made his arrangements, j and uttered his white lie about his run down to London. But instead of going to the metropolis, lie went straight to Dover Harbor, and cross d the Channel by the lirst steamer, littie dreaming that the very next one would bring his wife over. From Calais he started direct for the valley of the Rhetian Alps ; but mid way. at a little wayside inn, he fell ill. His constitution was like iron, but it sank beneath the incessant mental torture he had endured within the last few weeks ; and for two nights he hiy prostrate, scorched with fever. In liis delirious, midnight dreams, he began to think of i death, death far from home, and wife, and 1 I children ; death, with this hideous sus-1 j picion in his soul. U is wife's face, sweeb, { and pure, and reproachful, lose up before i hini, a«d he awoke to the bitter wrong h& | was doing her, and determined to return to England, and forever give over his ab surd illusion. But the moment the fever abated he tottered to His feet, and all his old, torlur I itig feai's returned with double force. He I could nut go back ; he must know tha ! truth, or he should go mad. So, iu opposiiion to the entreaties of the surgeon who attended him, he started oil', white as u ghost, and only able to Sweep on his feet. ?£'- * « . . The September sun hung low in the purple sky, and all the grand eld Switzer peaks glittered with his departing gJocv, on the afternoon [when Lady Strathspey reached the Tyrol valley. Colonel Ver nev had sent a dispatch from Calais to Paris, and learning that his friend was something better, he accompanied her. At a small public-house, at 110 great distance from the shepherd's cottage, he hired a carriage and drove across the smiling greeii valley. Diviuiug with the ! intuitive iustinet of a gentleman, that I the poor mother would sooner seek her I elii'd alone, he put her out at the edge of I the little coppice, and avowed his de | termination to remain there with the I carriage until she should return. Lady Strathspey walked briskly over the short space that intervened between the coppice and the cottage, her heart throbbing so wildty as almost to stop her j breath. In a few moments she would know the truth, and ascertain whether there was any proof of which her child inieht he reclaimed and reinstated. The sun dipped low above the western seas, the Alpine summits gleamed and ! glittered iu their eternal whiteness ; a i initialed melody of tinkling bells and low 1 ing herds floated on the balmy evening ! air, but unmindful of all, unconscious I even of her glorious surroundings, the countess hurried on. | Half way across the slope of mcadow i land, a peal of childish laughter startled I her, and just, before Iter, clustered upon ! the velvet sward, beneath a giant oak, j :;he beheld a young kid, all garlanded j wi^h wihl-wnod blossoms, an immense ; Alpine slieep-dog, and a little boy in a i scarlet smock and plumed cap. The li*,tle j fellow was sitting astride Hie dog's b;ick, i dipping his curly head, and shouting with ! childish glee, while the great, grim animal lay, with his nose resting on his paws in the afternoon sunshine, as if he enjoved the sport. L:<Jy Strathspey stood still a moment. | gazing on the lovely pastoral picture, the i i tears str> aining over her wan cheeks. At j | last she drew near. The dog raised his j pointed ear-;, and uttered a hoarse growl, j The countess paused in terror, but. the j boy s <|uick eyes had spied her. ! " ]>own. Tiger/" he cried. planting bis brown, chubby foot «n tlie animal's he:*d, a'.'d the dog obeyed. " Come on, ' he continued ; '* him won t I bite oo, him only bites de bad b'Xe-. I ! ady Strathspey approached, and held j I out her hat id. ! "Have you forgotten ine, Uommie ! she asked. 5 No, iueed, 1 knows o > oo coined th other lady, ioiig. long ago. l>at';; !: y kul. IVloJly's knl : graummlder ; ys it's my brudder- ain't it nice V" lie j : i_-;ilied. giving her one lir.ile band, and i pointing the other toward the kid. wlii/h I was cropping the green gv;«ss-hladc5 a j yard or two away. She tried to answer, but her voice failed; tin, little prattling voice t.hiilJcd her to t he heart's core. "Oh, niv darling, my darling ! ' .she sobbed, catching the child iu her anus, and covering his face and hair with pas sionate kisses. He struggled from her arms looking up with wide, wondering eyes. " What <!??1 make oo always ky '? ' he questioned, a trifle impatiently. ' Uomime don't like folks to ky. Don't you, darling Y*' said the countess, restraining her teais ; " then \ I'll not cry any mure, for I want y<m to i like inc. I.'on'i- you like me, liommicj .*<)li, yes, Ivommie likes <>?>, an: he liken j granmudder, an' granpap, an' JUoJly, lots | end lots." '* Wiio is Molly " Molly's iny goat-my mammy goat don't oo want 'o see her " Not now ; I'll see her by and liv ; sii here by me, and let us talk a little bit. Where's grandmother *. Tooking supper. We's doing to have tustard pie -oo want some '' Lady Strathspey nodded, and took ir's little round right arm in her hands, with a beating hear';, almost fearing to look for the birth-mark, yet feeling sure it was there. *' Won't you let me see your pretty arm '." she asked. "" Yes, indeed ! I'oes oo want to see j my i".ret tv ko?s, too I-look a there now !" he cried, pushing up the loose sleeve of his sm .-ek. There it wa? ! The Strathspey birth mark, the scarlet cross, derji and vivid beneath the white, transparent skin ! For an instant the sunlight peaks, and all the green valley, swam before the poor mother's eyes, but by a mighty effort she amtr.dled herselt. * . Little Ilomnne," she said, solemnly clasping the boy close to her heart, you are my own child, and as sure as i live, and Heaven helps me, \ou sliall bo your father's heir. 