® r u m b 0 . Theatre, Garner's. Noble talk. Clearing up. The alloted span. Levee to-morrow. Races to-morrow, Onr Tom left out. A fREBH departure. Holiday to-morrow*. Three score and ten. Berlin masons struck. Ebby sitting on a rail. Summary on Monday. Old Course to-morrow. The Birthday meeting. No Journal to-morrow. *'God Save the Queen." KisBing match at Bsrlio. Only brought forth wind. To be or not to he a Lady. Symptoms of shage m~ u-*. Fine weather for the racei. Imposing Masonic ceremony. Stanley favourite for the Cap, Tip for to- morrow—Adelaides. Military ball to-morrow night. Alfred A. Thomas still missing. Barometer at noon to-day, 30 "36. What a gay life those salts have. Mere trifle extra for consecration. G. G. S. Oval to-morrow- Sports. Opposition planting establishment, Adelaide and Norwood to-morrow. Big mnstcr of Freemasons to-nhh*, Britain to hold the scales in Samoa. Want some anti- Graham envelopes ? Friday and Saturday Bank holidays. Don't play into the hands of burglars, Tbe Queen will be seventy to morrow. Giles soreeohing like a genuine cockey. Six events and good Naval Baud muBic. " Men and Women"—last night bnt.ona. Berhners enthused over young Humbert. Prospect of good fields on the Old Course. Richardson petition bears 6,000 signatures. Bootle's baby in the Police Court yesterday. Old Bismarck bossing a royal nose-iabb'ng. Jack Tars on skates Birthday night at the Rink. The dear old lady has done a good lif*-' woik. Old Ebby's elfin locks all iu a touzzle again. Prinoe Karageorgeovitch wants the Servian throne. Ward and Giles stump-jumping for the farmers. V> ho cares a dump what is in Mr. Deasy's letter ? The Governor and party will be there tomorrow. Victory Bteadily inclining to th9 Irish loyalists. Pacific defences to be commenced next summer. King Mataafa wants Uncle Sam's protsotion only. Another political leader In—ha ha—topnote Giles, Too thin to try to pose aB a postal mart}/, Mr. Deasy! TLc (ossil Irish Peers want to abolish the Viceroyalty. A triple system to be adopted in Samoan government. Ebby defies big Tom to say one word egainst him. Karageorgeovitch isn't a bad handle for a " Pretender." Our Chess Editor named six out of the seven winners. Premier SaliBbuiy blowing a blast on bis Primrose horn. England to boss and mediate in control of Samoan affairs. Ten pounds reward for information about Alfred A. Thomas, Canon Whitington wants to borrow a leaf from the Wesleyans. Grand demonstration of Friendly Societies at Glenelg to- morrow. The Levee will be a poor substitute for C* Jmfc3" to-morrow. Eleven thousand people viBited the Rick last Queen's Birthday. Cabbing to the Semaphore yeBterday even- >g. Iron horse jibbed. Will the Clerk of the Weather smile on the Old Course to-morrow 1 Fancy our postal C.M.G. " tampering" with anybody's lettera 1 Is the ghost of old Jemmy G raham walking the colonial post offices 1 Do yon wish to see how the distintiished naval officers can deuce! Dillon & Co. had- better huriy home before their occupation iB gone. Tug-of-war Orlando v. Calliope at the Exhibition to-moirow night. Reminds one of the Chartiet days of letter opening, only it iB not true. His Honor the Chief Justice not mentioned as a coming baronet. Native forces in the Pnnjaub to be organized by Imperial officers. Like Wylieg, the draught-player, JVeiaa has always the draw in hand. The indictment against the Ministry will finiBh up with "&c.;, &o.;, &c.;" The Irish League had averted a famine, says Billy O'Brien. What next ? English home counties are becoming more Tory as the franchise is lowered! Firm of English shipowners propose playing the joker in the freight game. Ebby IB not quite sure what he will do— will wait to see how the cat jumps, Shaw of Persia fraternizing with the Czar of RuBcia, What's the rext move ? Charity which would bleed the country of thousands, but not give a farthing. Ebby not made up his mind whether he will vote for or against the Ministry. Loyal Glenelg Juvenile Lodge Sports to morrow with concert in the evening. Sun rose at 6,55 a.m.; sets at 4.58 p.m. Moon rose at 0.22 a.m.; sets at 1*42 pm. Government of N.S.W. required to thiasb out seed wheat enough for 1,500 applicants. Some will get more dividends to-morrow at the Tot. than they have ever got from mines. "Absolutely]and unequivooably untrue!" That's right, Frank, give it In plainer English. No use people grumbling at having to keep large sums of money at home. Ciumbman always open to oblige. North Adelaide was lighted with gaB frr the firat time May 23, 1864, the last occasion having been on May 22,1889. Ebby wants to see the list of the new Ministry before he votes against the present team. Does that mean if E. W. is in it f The New York Chess winners comprise a Russian, an Austrian, a Hungarian, two Englishmen, a German, and an Irishman. For sale, a few reams of loyal and other verses, for which space cannot be fouad In " Crumbs." No reasonable offer refused. John MoDouall Stuart, tbe South Australian explorer, hoisted tne Union Jack in honour of our Queen at Auld'e Ponds twentyeight years ago. . _ Dr. William Hunter was bornt n Lanark shire May 23, 1718. Though educated for theChuroh, he abandoned the cure of souls for the cure of bodies: and though a hunter all his life he never followed the hounds. Quotation for May 23 If ought be worse than failure from overstreas of a life's purpose It is to sit downlcontent with a little success. —Owen Her' iith. Our own Zoo was opened May 33, 1883. 1 r8 , ader might spend a small silver coin and a half hour in a more questionable manner than in visiting this extensive plaoe of entertainment for man and beast. Quotation for May 24. Queen Victoria born, 1819. Those abont her From her shall read the perfect wars —Shakspeare. of honour. It was on May 23 In the year of gram 1533 that Cranmer pronounced sentence of divorce between Henry VIIL "of plops and oonnubial memory" and Catharine of Arragon. Of conrse the King could do no wrong, ana the Archbishop had a right to administer the rites of the Church. ^ , _ Pompey the Great captured Jerusalem on the 23d day of the Hebrew month Sivau, during the Consulate of Cicero, B C. 63. It WBB "a day to be remembered in all generations," and observed as a fast in remembranoe of the defection and Idolatry of "Jeroboam*, the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin." Catharine IL, Empress of Russia, was bora May 23. 1729, )ust ninety years and a day before the birth of our. "noble Queen," Happily the latter presents a great contrast to the former. Vivat regina, Vive la reine. Three cheers for the Grand Old' hooreh H i P» hi P» hip 