I Jeremiah Visits the Prison. f Armed with a passport signed by our worthy Mayor, and accompanied by Mr. John Moylan, who has always most generously placed his buggy at Jeremiah's disposal, we start for East Maitland. Passing the match-making establishment our atten- tion is drawn to the emporium where the prices seem so "leetle" that it makes a poor man wish he was a " Bavige," whispering to the " lectio savige" to keep clear of salvage and wishing them every success, so that the fair little lasses who regularly passes may socn be united to the laddies so stead- fast, we arrive at the railway crossing. Jeremiah thinks that a patent lever erected on the platform opening and shutting the gates at pleasure would be better than putting a man in danger. Passing on we hear the anvils' squeal gallantly brought out by the men of M'Neall, who, judging by the activity displayed, is going up the hill. Glancing at the Garden of Eden on our left, we drive through " unearned increment," and not meeting with a ghost, we cross the bridge, where a dredge is at work deepening the channel so as to allow the flood- gates to bo worked. After artistically hoisting the mud up it is most scientifically thrown down the bank again. Where will it be after the next rain ? Ugh ! what a smell ! Eimmell's perfume factory ! Only John Chinaman's garden. A touch of the wnip and we are soon driving through the streets of the East, where there is plenty of grass but no goats. Eeaching the grand ovenue, in a few minutes we are at the entrance. How lovely everything ap- pears on the outside ? Flowers in front of us ; bayonets behind us ; H. M. 49 to the right of us, and Tennyson's ghost cursing all around us. De- livering up the passport, we are most courteously received, and in less thau a twinkling of an eye there appears what Jeremiah imagines to be one of those brave and distinguished warriors who went to shoot goats, and uphold Rothschild's money bogs -that's only imagination. After giving our names, we are most politely assigned to the , care of a gentleman appointed to show us through. But before starting, knowing from experience how very communicative officials are as a rule, Jeremiah opened his eyes. Making a start, wo are conducted up a flight of stairs, into a nicely furnished room, which we are informed is the church; this is divided into two compartments-one for gentlemen, the other for ladies. There are two neat vestries, and Jeremiah spying an earthenware plate on the table, naturally concluded it was the collection plate, so he says to the attendant, " Do you support the Zenana Mis- sion, or Bend flannels to the Hottentots ?" This being too much, I said, " Do you find the collec- tions vary much ?" " Sir, there are no collections here." Happy church, and thrice happy congrega- tion. I mistook the stand of a water bottle for the threepenny plate. Leaving the church, we are Bhown the single cells, which are very clean, and the furniture con- spicuous by its ahsence. Going through the yard where part of the prisoners have their meals and perform their ablutions, one notices a few young men lounging around, confined for trivial offences. Jeremiah thinks it's a great mistake to brand a young man as a gaol bird for the first offence un- less very serious, but that the Queensland Proba- tion Act íb far better, and a greater preventive of crime. Passing to the exeicise ground, the centre of which contains a well 650 feet deep, without water, one sees the circle which the solitarie's have to walk around for one hour every morning, each one being seven feet apart from the other, kept so by an iron chain. Surely when we consider that a large percentage of first offences are committed without any criminal intent some other salutary system could be found without this degradation and remnant of olden times, a system that would have a better and higher effect. Proceeding we arrive at the book binding establish- ment, where we find the leader of the choir busily engaged at the gallery of art. Having looked at the work, which appaared very good, we found ourselves at the kitchen, where there are six cooks employed, all being stamped ob guests of her Majesty. Glancing at the sugar, and carefully inspecting the provisions, which were of first- class quality, and everything very bright and clean, I thought how many respectable people outside would think they were in the seventh heaven could they have what our prisoners get. Next we visit the surgery where we are received by a genial and venerable old gentleman, who graciously shows us around. Then we come to the long sentence cells, furnished with beds that a bushman would deem a luxury. Glancing at the rules and the list of books kept for the prisoners' use, we are passing through a yard, when our attention is drawn to a very peculiar made skeleton leaning against the wall. Enquiring what it is we are told-" That's the cat." 'Gene- rally speaking when a person gets hold of a cat the cat yells ; but in this case the cat gets hold of the person and the person yells. One very remarkable thing about this animal ia that the skeleton is left exposed to all weather, -whilst the " tail " is care- fully preserved, and only allowed out when any of her Majesty's guestB prove themselveB worthy of tho distinction. Jogging along, we next have a look at the wash-house, where two stamped gents are ., assorting the clothes. Next wo find ourselves surveying about forty or fifty men of all sorts and conditions, who are basking in the sun, some smoking, others arguing, all appearing happy and comfortable, They are incapables, drunks, etc Proceeding on, we arrive at the extension yard, where between thirty and forty men are apparently employed stone-cutting and building stores. In every grade of society' there aro men who stand out prominently from their fellow men, but one would hardly expect to find it in a prison, bub it is so. Amongst these men there is one gent who wears jewellery around his legs, a curious fashion to adopt or have to adopt. However, these m»n are supposed to bo doing hard labour. Very hard. One could hardly see the stones for the men around them, and unless Jeremiah was grievously mistaken, he counted seven or nine men engaged at one stone. Whilst we were watching their operations, a.bell sounded, when down went tools, and, with a yell, without the least vestige of order or discipline, they scattered. Hard labour ! It's a farce. These men work seven hours a day, and bar the confine- ment, there are not twenty-five per cent, of the working classes who live so well, work so little, and smoke so much as our prisoners. Passing the Hospital wo find that we have seen all worth seeing, so, after Bigning our names, and with a grave bow to our courteous but reserved con- ductor, we find ourselves outside again. We found about one hundred and seventy prisoners, and it is sad to reflect that the majority are young men. The prison is remarkably clean. But, without reflecting on the officials, Jeremiah, judging from other prisons, considers the discipline very loose. There appears a lack of respect for the officials, and a very loose manner seems to prevail throughout. Our penal laws and system sadly want altering. The air is full of rumours at different places re prisoners' "plants," and traf- ficking done in our prisons. It is rumoured that Christmas cards of an excellent kind have found thoir way outside prison walls. Our aim should be reformation, not degradation. And a serious question arises : how to lessen the expense of our criminal system. What benefit does the State derive from those persons who have to be punished in the interests of the State ? Very little. Instead of confining them within four walls, would it not be better to allow them outside under supervision to labour at making the roads and any work that would benefit the State, and lessen the expense of keeping them P Interference with free labour P Not a bit ; but that is a subject not lightly to be entered on. As we were homeward bound, Jeremiah saw a number of people congregated around an apparently green tree. These people were talking and dancing, so Jeremiah said unto them : What aileth thee, O Israelites? And they answered : Behold this tree ; see its beautiful branohes ; look at the green leaves j this is our " god," and .ve are under it for protection. And Jeremiah cried out : Bring me an axe ? But there was not an axe to be found. Jeremiah then became exceeding wroth, insmuch as he lifted his arm land smote the tree that it fell and wast ' found roteen to the core, for whilst these people had been waslnng their time in vain words, some insig- nificant cfieatures called free-aiders had by relying on their own industry and perseverance utterly destroyed ¿this false idol. And Jeremiah spoke again unto these people, saying : Go to ; be men ; have selflreliance ; away with the " feeding bottle ;" iiffltead of wasting precious time in idle talk, act. /Yea, act as free men, untrammelled by false idols/whose appearance may be pretty, but it is false an,d deceptive. And these people could not answer, but gnashed their teeth, and abused Jere- miah inasmuch that Jeremiah fled and found Ruth at Boaz's feet enjoying a wallop. 