TI-IB REPROACH OF ANNESLEY. by maxwell gray, Author of "Tub Sidekoh of Dean Mait- land," ac. PART IIL CHAPTER L — Continued. " I em Bare that he was not happy, Alice," . she said with a mysterious air. "There was a ecret canker at the root of everything, and I 'bellere it was want of money." " If you ure alluding to Daniel Pink," replied Alice with a little smile, "he is the most con tented fellow I know, and though his largo family does make him poor " "Alice, how provoking you are. Pink, in deed 1" As they were setting forth expressly to visit Pink's wife and welcome the ninth baby, Alice explained that it was most natural to bo thinking of him. " As if people could think of anybody else but tho new little king," replied Sibyl; "I feel quite set up myself. Do look round, Alice, and realise that all this belongs to Paul An- nesley, this very turf wo are walking on and our own dear Arden Manor down there by the ctmrch. I suppose he could turn us ont if he chose, we ere a kind of rassals. I almost wish ha would, Arden is so very dull. Don't you ?" "Ton aro growing restless again. Is this philosophic ?" asked Alice, placing tho basket she was carrying to the shepherd's wife on the ground and resting her arms on a gate halfway up tho down. "No; it's human. Tos, I am restless. I want — oh I want— everything /" cried SibyL Alice took tho bright face in ber hands, and kissed it. " Yon are a little fool, Sibbis," she said gently, " a dear little fool. Write somo more verses, it always does you good. I am not sure that a good whipping would not be the beat thing." "No doubt," replied Sibyl, while she lifted her head and gazed on tho solemn fields and hills over which the great cloud-shadows were slowly sailing in larger and larger masses, thus leaving rarer interrala of sunlight, as if she were looking in vain for happiness. " Do you think, Alico. it will bo always like this 1 Quiet Arden, Baysh ringing the bells, the garden, the dairy, a dny's shopping in Meding- ton, an occasional risitor, Mrs. Pink's annual baby, tho chuir practice, and Horace Merton coming home from Oxford and worrying the vicar ?" Alico looked thoughtfully at Sibyl's pretty wistful face and wondered "who ho was?" Surely not young Merton himself, the vicar's troublesomo prodigal, whom she had seen that morning, tho only uninterested person daring the funeral, at full length in a hammock under tho vicarage trees, studying French litoratnro in yellow paper covers, in obedicnco to his father's request that ho should " read a little" daring his enforced ab- senco from Oxford — an absence connected with the unauthorised introduction of a monkey to the apartments of a Don, as poor Mr. Morton understood. This yonng gentleman haunted the Manor with tlio persistence of nn ancestral ghost, and was not without his good points, in spite of the monkoy incident ; yet thongh Sibyl diligently snubbed him, us she did all her victims as soou as the nature of their malady became apparent, no one could say when and in whose person tbo fated man might appear. " Perhaps there will bo a change for ns," Alice said ; " Mrs. Pink may not go on having babies for ever, and Horace Merton will not be sent down more than once again. And some day Ilaysh will be ringing the bells for yonr wedding." " What a trivial notion ! Can't you originate something a little less common-place ?" " Well I for mine then. I am sure that is a new idea. Then you would get rid of me." " I don't know," replied Sibyl, "I don't think you would go very far." " Dear Sibbie, you are more sibylline than usual. I can't sea the point of the innuendo, unless you mean mo to elope with Baysh," said' Alice, pursuing iior way tranquilly with tho basket in her hand. "I do think you are stone-blind," continued Sibyl, in a graver tone. " My dear, don't you know what everybody else knows or has known for the last few weeks, that that poor fellow's happiness hangs upon your breath ?" Alice grew hot, and made a movement of im patience ; then she asked Sibyl to speak plainly and leave tho subject. "He is really such a good fellow, and it and yon would make him so happy. And his mother wishes it, she even asked me to try to bring it on." " Oh I" returned Alice, with a sigh of relief, " in strict confidence, I suppose, Miss Sib. A pretty conspirator she chose whon she lighted upon you. Yon sweet goose, if yon mnst needs amuse yourself with match-making, you could not hit upon a worse plan than to show your baud." " But Alice, do be serious " " Dear child, I am serious, and I wish you to understand once for all that it is a mistake, and to help ma to spare him tbo pain of a direct refusal. I saw it all months ago, and have done my best to put a stop to it. I even thought of going away for a time." " It is in your power to make him so happy," said Sibyl, pathotieally. "You might grow to care for him in time, you know" "Never," she answered. "I could never in any case have cared for a man of that nncon- troiled disposition, even supposing " " Supposing what ?" Sibyl asked with a keen look. " Oh, nothing. I mean, even if I loved him I could never bo bappy with such a mau. I am liko my mother. I saw her miser)', Sibyl, child as I was. Thore was that in my poor father which made her feel him her inferior — it is not for rae to speak of his faults. If I once found what I could not respect in a man, I could not live with him. I have a sort of pride " " But, Alice," interrupted Sibyl quickly, " if you caimot respect Paul Anneslcy, whom then can you respect ?" " Oh, I beg his pardon," replied Alice, her breath taken away by this sndden indignation ; " I spoke widely. Of conrso I respect onr old and true friend Paul. But a husband — that is different— it is something stronger and deeper than respect, it is ruvereuce that a husband compels." "And what can you not reverence in Dr. Annesloy ?" asked Sibyl with such remorseless persistence that Alice began to wonder if Paul Aunesley could be tho name of him who had troubled her friend's peace of mind, ft" He is at tho mercy of bis own impulses," she said. " And they aro always good," pursued Sibyl vindictively. " You say a bold thing, when you say that of any human being, SibyL No, i can only giro my deepest reverence to the man who is master of himself. ' Give me tho man that is not i passion's' slave.1 i can value this one as a friend, but — no weaver. No one knows what is in Paul Annesloy ; any turn of fate may bring him into a totally opposite direction ; he might do anything. i toll you in the very strictest confidence what i would tell no other human being, i tremble for him now : he will nover bo the sarno again, now that his circumstances are so changed, and what ho will be Heavon alouo knows. As you say, he has good impulses, but what are they without a guiding principle and a compelling will?" " And you alone can give his life a right direction," urged Sibyl. " Ob, Alice 1 think what it is to hold this man's fato in your hands 1" " And what if i hold another " She stopped short and colored. " Dear Sibyl, you aro indeed a staunch friend," she added in a gontlor voice. "If ho could win you now — a heart is so easily caught at the rebound." " There will be no rebonnd," replied Sibyl, in so oven a voice that Alico was sure of the Platonic nature of her regard for <.iPttul " Tho kind of malady you inspire, you dear creature, ia luuuruuiu. luupia buuu yet u»ui >>uu slight shocks I administer, but you aro fatal." Alice smiled tenderly upon Sibyl, but mado no rcjoiuder, and they walked on noiselessly over the rich turf, deep in thought. Sibyl's regard for Alico had, as tbo other well know, something of worship ; her ardent nature in vested her friendships with a romantic enthu siasm that sometimes made her calmer friend smile and often called forth a gentle rebuke from her. Perhaps Alice's affection for tho younger and more impetuous girl was as strong as Sibyl's, though it expressed itself less pas sionately and had a strong dash of maternal compassion. Nothing had over come between them since tlioy had first met, two shy stranger girls of thirteen, in tho porch of Arden Manor, and instantly lost their shyness in the fellpw- feeling it engendered botween thorn. Tho firBt bar was to come that day. It hap pened In Daniel Pink's solitary thatched cot tage which was built in a nest-like hollow under the down. The girls entered tho low porch, liko the welcome guests they wore, und eat in tho dim smoke-blackened room handling nnd discussing the ninth little Pink by- turns, while the ehepiierd looked on with a pleased face, with the deposed baby in his arms and two chubby- childron a little older clinging to liis knees. "Look at tho heft of said tho prond father, "entirely drags ye down, Miss Sibyl, 'e do." "I wouldn't carry bim, a mile for a fortune," Sibyl replied, kissing the ffttlo red list, "not tor all the lands of Gledeswortb, Shepherd." "I 'lows you wouldn't, Miss. Dr. Annesler have took a heavy weight on the shoulders of 'n. A many have been bowed down by riches, a many, as I've a yerd zay." " And many bare been crushed by poverty," Alice said. " Zuro enough. 'Taint for we to zay what's good for us, Miss Alice. A personable man, but a doosu't come up to the Captain, the doctor doesn't." "The Captain?" asked Alice, wondering. "Oh I lie is only a liewtcuaut. You mean Lioutenant Aunesley, (don't you, Mustor Pink T said the ready Sibyl. (To be continued.) 