I ICE BOUND, j A j BY W. OLAKK RUSSELL. /uthor t,f ' 77. e Jfrufc o/ Me -?rt«ienoi-'' ?? ,?acfc'« CtourtoA'p.' ' My Watch Below,' ' The Lady Maud,' §c. CHAPTER 33V. AN EXTBAOBDIIfABT OCOUfiHENCE. While I sat smoking my pipe it entered my bead to presently turn those two silent gentlo in the cabin oat of it. It was a task from which I shrank, but It must be done. To be candid, I dreaded tho cffects of their dismal companionship on my spirits. But bow was I to dispose of themf 1 meditated this matter while I smoked. First I thought I would drag them to tho fissure or root in Ibo ioo just beyond tho stern of the schooncr and tumble tbom into it. But even then thev nmld still be With me, so to speak— I incau they woaH bo neighbors, though out of eight; and my eagerness was to get them anny from this island altogether, which was onlv to bo done by casting them into tho 6CO. l'6cttlod my scheme thus: First, I was to haul tbe figures as best I could od to tb6 dock: then, there being three, to got them over tho side, and afterward, by degrees, to transport tho four of them to some steep, whence they would elide of themselves into tho ocean. Yet so much did I dread tbe undertaking, And abhor the thought at tie tedious time I foresaw it would occupy me, that I cannot imagine any other sore of painful and distressing work that would not have seemed actually agreeable as compared with this. My pipe being smoked out, I stepped into tho cabin, and ascending tiie ladder threw off the companion cover and ojwned th' doors, aud then wont to the man that had his back to tho steps— but ray courage failed mc; bo was so life like, there was 60 wild anil fierce an earnestness in the expression of his face, so inimitable a picture of horror in his stalling posture, that my hands fell to my side uud 1 could not lay hold of biiu. I will not stop to analyze iny fear or ask why, since I knew thnt this man was dead, lio bh -iJil have terrified mo lis surely no living iii;u could: I can oaly repeat that tiie pros pect ol touching liim, and luyiug lujini{»ou tii.MSt.vk and then dragging bim up the lad der, was indescribably l'earful to me, und 1 turned away rhnkiug as if 1 hud tlie ugue. Hut il had to be done, nevertheless; nnd preach I prized him on a Midden, nnd lacking nv.av the bench let biui full to tho deck. He v,- -'frozen ns hard as stone aud fell lik-- Ftino, aud I looked to see liiui bleak, as a Mate- might that falls lumpishly, His arms remaining' raised put him into on attitude of entreaty io me to leuve him in ]-enco; but I k h-i'l romewhot mastered myself, and th1* hurry aud tumult of my spirits were a kind of In-: temper; ko catching him by the colhu I dragged him to tho foot of tlie companion bleps, and then, with infinite labor and n number of sickening pauses, hauled him up Hi- J.idder to the deck. 1 In liim lie, and returned weary and out . of bivuth. Ho had. been a very fine man in 1 life— of lwautv, too, as was to bo seeu in the Khupeof his features aud tho particular ele gancf of his chin, despite the distortion of lit? la* uuspeakablo d ismay ; and with his clothes I guessed his weight came hard upon 300 pounds — no mean burden to haul up a ladder. I went to tho cook house for a dram and to rest myself, and then came back to tho cabin and looked at tho other man. His posturo has been already described. Ho made a very burly figure in his coat, and if his weight did not oxceed tho other's it was not likely to be less. Nothing of liis head was vjsiblo but the baldness on tho top and tho growth of hair that ringed it, and the fluffing up of his beard about his arms, in which his face was sunk. I touched his beard with a shuddering Eager, and noted that tbe frost had made every hair of it as stiff as wire. It would not do to stand idly contemplating h-mt for already there was dowly creeping into me a dread of seeing bis face; bo I took bold of bim end swayed bim from the table, and he fell upon tbe deck sideways, preserving hie posture, go that his face remained hidden. I i dragged him a little way, but he was 60 heavy « and hie attitude rendered bim as a burden so surprisingly cumbrous, that I was sure I could oorer of my own strength haul him up tbe ladder. Yet neither was it tolerable that he should be there. Then, thought I, if I was to put him beforo the Are, he might presently thaw into some sort of suppleness, and so prove not border tban the other to get od deck I liked tho idea, and without more ado dragged Him la boriously into the cook room and laid him , close to the furnace, throwing in a little pile j of coal to make the fire roar. I Dragged htm laboriously into the cook room. I thou went on deck, and cosily enough, the dock being slippery, got my first man to whore tho huge fellow was that had sentineled the vessel when I flrstlooked down upon J tor; but when I viewed tho slopes, broken into rocks, which I, though unburdened, bad found hard enough to ascend, 1 was perfectly cer tain I should never bo able to transport the bodies to the top of the cliffs. I must either let tbem fall into the great split astern of the skip, or lower them over the side and leave the hollow iu which tho schooner lay to bo their tomb. It was mighty comforting on returning to tue cabin to find it vacant, to bo freed from U» scare of tbe sight of Uietwosiiuiit ilgures. idrew my breath more easily and slopjicd to Blanco around. It was tho barest cabin I was ever In— uncarpetod, with no other Boats than tbe little benches. I looked at the cru cifix, and guessed from tbe sight of it that, whatever might bo tbe vessel's nation, 6be oaanot been sailed by Englishmen. I peeped Into poor Polly's cage— If a parrot It was— i find tbe sight of tho rich plumage carriod my ; Imagination to skies of brass, to the mysto I rious green solitude of tropic forests, to islands fringed with silver surf, iu whoso sunny flashing sported nude girls of fruit less forms, showing their teeth of pearl in merry laughter, winding amorously with tbe blue billow, and filling the aromatic breeze with the melody of their language of the sun. Hal thought I, sailors see some changes in their time*, and with a hearty sigh I stepped ! I started, stopped, and fell back a pace 1 with a cry. When I bad put the figure be , fore the fire be was in tbe same posture in 1 which he had sat at tbe table— that is, loan ing forward with bis face hid in his arms; I had laid him on liis side, witb bis face to tbo furnace, and in tbat attitude you would have supposed him a imm sound asleep witb bis arms over his face to shield it from the heat But now, to my unspeakable astonishment, he lay on Ids back, with his arms sunk to bis side, and resting on the deck, and bis face upturned. I stared at him from tho door as if be was the fiend himself. I could scarcely credit my senses; and my consternation wns so groat that I cannot couocivc of any rami eycr hav ing labored under o greater fright :i faintly ojaculated 'Good God!' several times, and could hardly prevent my legs from ruuning away witb me. You see, it was certain Hint ho must have moved of bis own accord to get upon his back. I was prepared for the fire to thaw him into limberness, and had I found him straightened somewhat I should not have been surprised. But there was no power in fire to stretch him to bis full length and turn him over on his back. What living or ghostly hand bad doue this thing! Di-l spirits walk this schooner after all? Had I missed of something more terrible than any number of dead men in searching tho vessci? I had made a groat firo, and its light wns strong, and there was also the light of the lantern; but the fumuco flames plnved very lively, completely overmastering the steady illumination of the candle, and the mau's fig ure was all a-twitch with moving shadows, aud a hundred fantastic shades 6eemed to steal out of the sido aud bulkheads and disap pear upon my terrified gaze. Then, thought I, suppose after all that man should be alive, the vitality iu him set flowing by tho heat.' I minded myself of my own simile of tho current checked by frost, yet retaining unim paired the principle of motion ; and, getting my agitation under some small control, I ap proached the body on tiptoe and held the lan tern to its face. He looked a man of 00 years of age; his beard was gray and very long, and lay upon his breast liko a cloud ofsmoko. His eyes were closed; tbo brows shaggy, and tho dark scar of a sword wound ran across his fore head from tbe comer of the loft eye to t lie top of the right brow. His noso was long and booked; but the repose in his countenance, backed by the vague character of tbo light in which I inspected him, left his faco almost expressionless. I was too much alarmed to put my ear to bis mouth to mark if lio breathed, if indeed tho noise of tbe burning firo would have permitted mo to distinguish bis respiratiou. I drew back from bim, and put down tbo lantern and watched bim. Presently his left leg, tbat was slightly bent toward the furnace, stretched itself out to its full length, and my ear caught a faint sound, as of a weak and melancholy sigh. Gracious heaveu, thought I, bo is alive! aud with less of terror than of profound a wo, now tbat I saw there was nothing of a ghostly or preternatural character in this business, I approached aud bent over him. His eyes were still shut, and I could not hear that he breathed ; there was not tbo faintest motiou of respiration in bis breast nor stir iu the hair, that was now soft, about his mouth. Yet, 60 far as the light would suffer mo to judge, there was a complexion in his face such as could only come with flowing blood, however languid its circulation; and putting this and tho sigh aud tho movement of tbo I leg together, I frit convinced that tbo mau i was alive, and forthwith full to work, very . full of awe and amazement, to bo sure, to j help nature, that was struggling in him. I My first step was to liout some brandy, and wliile this wns doing I ??ullod open his coat 1 and freed his neck, fetching a coat, from tbo ! cabin to serve as a pillow for his head. I : next removed his boots and laid Imre his fecfc (which were incased iu no less than four pairs of thick woolen stockings, so that I thought when I carno to the third pair 1 should find bis legs mode of etockingb), and after bathing his feet in hot water, of which there was a kcttieful, I rubl-ed them with hot brandy as bard as I could chafe. I then dealt with his hands in the liko manner, having onco been shipmate with a seaman who told me ho hud seen a sailor brought to by severe rubbing of his extremities after ho had been carried below supposed to be frozen to death, and continued this exercise till I could rub no longer. Next I oj toned his hps, and finding bo wanted some of his front teeth, I very rasiJy poured a di-Jtti of brandy into his mouth. Though 1 preserved my astonish* meut all this while, J soon discovered myself working with cuthusiusia, with a most pas siouato longing indeed to recover the mau, not only because it pleased me to think of my being an instrument uuder God of calling a human being, so to speak, out of his grave, but because 1 yearned for a companion— some | ono to address, to lighten the hideous solitude i of my condition, and to assist me in planning our deliverance. 1 built up a great fire, and with much trouble, for ho was very heavy, disposed him ' in such a mauuer before it tbat the heat was , reflected all over the front of hint from his , head to hi6 foot. 1 likewiso cuntiuued to | cbafo his extremities, remitting this woris only to rust; and Cndingthatthe brandy bad stolen down his throat, I poured another dram in, aud then another, till I think ho liad swallowed a pint This went on for an liour, during which timo lie never exhibited the least signs of life; but on a sudden lio Sighed deep; a tremor rau through hfin; ho sighed agaiu, and partly ruined bis right liaud*, which I Tell to the deck with a blow; hislips twitched, | and a small convulsion of his faoo compelled I the features into tho similatudto of a grin that iustuntly faded: then bo fetched a suc cession of sighs, and opeued his eyes full upon 1 was warm enough witb my work; but when I observed liim looking at mo I turued , of a death liko cold, and felt, tho dew of an intolerable emotion wet in tbo palms of my j hauds. There wns no specula tion in bis store at first-liis eyes lay as eoldly upon me as I thosoofaflsh; but ns lifo quickened in him so Lis undei-staudiog awoke; be slightly knit ted bis brows, and very slowly rolled his gazo off mo to tho furnace, and so over ns much of the cook room as was before him. Ho then started as if to sit up, hut fell back with a slight groau and looked at nie again. ; 'What is this!' said be, iu French, in a ! very hollow, feeble voice. 1 I knew enough of his language to enable mo to know ho spoko FreucLi, but that was all. I could not sjHiak a syllable of that tongue. i 'You'll lio feeling totter presently; you ; must not expect your strength to come in a I minute,' said I, taking my ehnnce or his un derstanding me, nnd speaking that lio might I not think mo u ghos»t, for 1 doubt not I was I as white as one— since, to bo pJui»i, the mere ' | talking to u figure that I bnd got to oousider j u Bbeerly doad as anybody in u grave yard* wu alarming enough; and then, again, there was tbe sound of my owu voice, which I liad not exerted in speech for ages, as it soemcd , I tome. 1 He faiutly nodded his head, by which I perceived ho undei-stood me, and said very faintly in English, but witb a true French ftcceut, 'This is a hard bed, sir.*' 'I'll S]ieedily mend that,' said I, and at once fetched a mattress from tlie cabin next mine; this I placed beside bim, aud dragged bim on to it, bo very weakly assisting. I tben brought clotbes and rugB to cover him with, and inado him a high pillow ; and as ho lay closo to the furnace ho could not bave been snugger bad he bad a wife to tuck bim up in bis own bed. I was very much excited; my former ter rors bad vanished, but my awe continued great; for I felt as if I hod wrought a mir acle, and I trembled as a man would who surveys some prodigy ol bis own oreatiou. It was yet to be learned bow long he had been in tliiB oonditiou; but I was jwrfectly sure he had formed one of the schooner's peo ple; aud as I had guessed ber to bave been here upward of fifty years, the notion of tbat mau having lain torpid for linlf a century beld me under a perpetual spell of astonish- , ment; but there was no more horror in me i nor fright Ho followed me about with his eyes, but did not offer to speak; perhaps he could not. I put a lump of icc : into . tbo kettle, and when the water | boiled made bim a pint of steaming i brandy punch, which I held to bis lips iu a pannikin, while 1 supported bis back with my kneo; bo supped it slowly and painfully, but I with unmistakable relish, and fetched a sigh 1 of coutcntment as he lay back. But he would need something more sustaining tban brandy and water; nnd as I guessed his stomach, after so prodigious a fast, would bo too weak to 6upj-ort such 60lide as beef or pork or bacon, 1 mused a little, turning over in my mind the contents of tbe larder (as I call it), all which time be eyed mo with l-cwHder- ! ment growing in his faco; and I then thought : I could not do better than manufacture him a broth of oatmeal, wine, bruised biscuit and a piece of tongue juincod very small. This did not take me long in doing — the touguo being near the furnace, and soft enough for the knife, aud there was uotbing to melt but tlie wine. When tho broth was ready I kneeled as before and fed bim. He ate greedily, and when the broth was gone looked as if he would have been glad for more. 'Now, sir,' saya 1, 'sleep if you cau'— with which he turned his head, and in a few minutes was bound asleep, breathing regu larly and deeply. CHAPTER XV. THE POIATE'S STOnr. I lighted my pipe aud sat smoking, think ing be would presently awake; but his slum ber was as dtfcp as the stillness I bod thawed him out of bad been, and be lay so motion less that, but for his snoring and baj-sb breath ing, LfcLsjaM have Iwlie^ed bim lapsed iuto bis former lifolcssncss. At 8 o'clock the fire was very low. Na ture was working out her own way witb this Freuchruan, and I determined to let him sleep where ho was, and take my chauce of (he night The galo made a groat roaring, Thesbip's Stern lay opeu to the gorge, and but for her steadiness I might have supposed mybclf at I sea. I snugged me down amid the coats and | cloaks in my cot, aud, obstinately holding | my eyes closed, ultimately fell asleep, j It was a little after 7 when I awoke. 1 I lighted the lantern, but upon entering the passage that load to the cabin I observed by my own posture that tbe schooner had not only heeled more to larboard, but was far ther 'down by the stern' to* the exteut of several feet. Indeed, tbe angle of inclina tion was now considerable enough to briug my shoulder (in the pas&age;),cIose against the starboard side when 1 stood erect. The noise of tho gale w-as still iu the air, and tbo boom ing and boiling of the sea was uncommonly loud. I walked straight to tho cook room, and, putting tho lantern to the Frenchman, perceived that be was still in a heavy sleep, and that he had lain through tbe uight pre cisely iu tho attitude In which I had left bim. His face was so muiUed tbat little more tban his long hawk's bill nose was discernible. It was freezingly cold, and I made haste to light tbo fire. There was still coal enough in the corner to last for tho day, and before lODg the furnace was burning cheerfully. I wont to work to make some broth and fiy some ham, aod melt a little block of ruby colored wine; and while thus occupied, turn ing my head a moment to look at tho French man, I found him half started up, staring in tently at me. This sudden confrontinent threw mo iuto such confusion that I could not speak. Ho moved his bead from side to side, taking a view of tbe scene, with au expression of tho most inimitable astonishment painted upon his counteuanco. Ho then brought tlie flat of bis hand with a dramatic blow to his fore head, tho scar on which showed black us ink to tbo lire glow, and sat crect. ?'?Where bave I boenl' bo exclaimed in R*ench. 'Sir,' said I, speaking with tho utmost ?difficulty, 'I do not understand j-our Jau guage. I am English. You speak my touguo. 'Will you address me in it?' 'English!' he exclaimed in English, drop ping his bead on oue side, and peering at me with an incredible air of amazement. 'How I came you beret You ore uot of our com I pany? Let mo see'— Hero he struggled with recollection, continuing to staro at mo from under his shaggy eyebrows as if I was some frightful vision. 'I am a shipwrecked British mariner,' said I, 'and have been cast away upon this ice, where 1 found your schooner.' 'Hal' be interrupted, with prodigious vehemence, 'certainly; we are frozen up— I | remember. That sleep should serve my | memory so.' He made as if to rise, but sat | again. 'The cold is numbing; it would weaken a lion. Give me a hot drink, sir.' I filled a pannikin with tho melted wine, which he swallowed thirstily. 'Morel' crlodhe. 'Iseem to want lifo.' Again I filled the pannikin. 'Good I' said ho, fetching a sigh, as be re turned tho vessel; 'you aro very obUging, ; sir. If you have food there we will eat to I gather.' I give the substance ot his speech, but not his delivery of it; nor is it necessary that I . should interpolate my rendering with tho j French worda he used. I Tbo broth being boiled, I gave bim a good bowl of it along witb a plate of bacon and tongue, some biscuit and a pannikin of hot brandy and water, all which thingB I put ?upon his knees as ho sat upon tho mattress; end to it he fell, making a rare meal. Yet -all the while be ate he actod liko a man be witched, as well he might, staring at mo and looking round and round him, andthen drop ping hie knife to strike his brow, as if by , that kind of blow ho would quicken the ac tivity of memory there. 'Then* is something wrong,' said be, pres ently. 'What is it, sir? This is the cook room. How does it happen that I am lying beret' I told him exactly how it was, adding that if it had not been for his posturo, which ' «bliged-iqete1jjtiaw4nG9lar Hp carry Wm*b» woo3d now be on deck with the others, await- | ing the best funeral I could give him. ; 'Who are the othcrsf asked he. '?I know not,' said L 'There were four In all, counting yourself ; one 6lts frozen to death on the rocks. I met him first, and% took his watch from his pocket that I might tell the time.' M He took tbe watch in his bands, and asked me to bring tlie lantern close. 'Hal' cried be 'this was MendozaV- the 1 captain's, I remember; be took it for the soke of this letter upon It. He lies dead on the rocks! We mised him, but did not know where be bad gone.' Then, raising his band and impulsively starting upon tiie mattress, he cried, while be tapped his forehead, 'It has come back 1 I have itl Giuseppe Tren tanove and 1 were in the cabin; be had fallen blind with tbe glare of the ice — if that was it. We confronted each other. On a sudden ho screamed out. I had put my face into my arms and felt myself dying. His cry aroused me, 1 looked up and saw liim loaning back from tbe table with his eyes fixed and horror In his countenance. I was too feeble to speak —too languid to rise. I watched him a while, and then the drowsiness stole over me again, and my head sank and I remember no more.' Ho 6budderod, and extended the pannikin for more liquor. I filled it with two-thirds oi brandy and the rest water, and be Buppod it down as if it had boena thimbleful of wino. 'By tbe holy cross,' cried ho, 'but this is very wonderful, thoughl How long have you been bore, sir?' 'Throe days.' 'Three days! and I have boon In a stupor all that time — never moving, never breath ing?' 'You will have been in a stupor longer than that, £ expect,' said L 'What is this month!' ho cried. 'July,' I replied. 'July— July p he muttered. 'Impossiblol Let ine hee*' — be began to couuton bis fingers —'we fell in with tho ice and got locked iu November. Wo bad six months of it; I rveol lect no more. Six months of it, 6ir; and suppose tho 6tupor came upon roe then, tbo month at which my memory stops would be April. Yet you call this July— that is to say, four mouths of oblivioDl Impossible!' 'What was tho year iu which you fell in with tbo icef said L 'Tho j-earp ho exclaimed, in a voice deep with tho wonder this question raised iu bim; 'the year? Why, man, what year but 1753!' 'Good GodP cried I, jumping to my feet with terror at a stutemeut 1 had anticipated, though it shocked me as u new aud frightful revelation. 'Do you know what year thisisP He looked at mo without answeriiig. 'It is 1801,' I eried; and as I said this I re coiled a step, fully expecting him to leap up and exhibit a hundred demonstrations of hoiTorand consternation; for this, I am per suaded, would have been my j-osturo had any nian rnuhod mo from a slumber and told mo 1 bnd been iu that condition for eight and forty years. He continued to view mo with a very strange und cunning expression in his eyes-, the cooluess of which was inexpressibly sur prising and bewildering, and even mollify ing; then presently, grasping his beard, looked at it; then put his hand* to his face aud looked at them; then pulled out his feet aud looked nt tlicm ; then very slowly, but without visible effort, stood up, swa\ ing a little with an air of weakness, and proceeded to feel and strike himself all over, swiiigiug his arms and using his legs— after which he snt down and pulled his clothes over his naked feet, and, fixing his eyes ou mo afresh, said: 'Wlint do you say this year is, sir?' 'Eigbteeu hundred aud one,' I replied! 'Bahl' said he, and shook his head very knowingly. 'No matter; you have btvu ship wrecked, too! Kir, sbipwTeok shuttles I dates as a pluyer does cards; nnd tbe bust of us will go wrong in famine, Jonclinos?, cold aud peril, lie of good cheer, my friend; all will return to yon. Sit. sir, that I may hoar vnur adventures, and 1 will .elate juiuo.1' I saw how it wus; ho supposed me de rauged— a mnrtifyiug construction to place upon tbo language of a man who bad restored him to lifo; yet n few niomenU reflection tuught my to see the reasonableness of it, for unless he thought mo crazy he must conclude I spoke tlie truth, and it was incouceivnble be should believe that he hud lain iu a frozen condition for eight aud forty years. I buvo tio doubt the disorder my mind w as , in helped to pcrsuado liim that 1 had not the j full possession of my senses. Ilo ran his eye over iny figure nnd then round tbo -*o.-k room, and said, '*1 am impatient to learn your story, sir.' 'Why, sir,' said I, 'my rtory is summed up iu what I have nlrendvtold von.' Hut that ho might not Lm' nt a Ins*— for to bo sinv. bo hud only very newly collected his intel lect— I related my adventure* at largo. IK drew nearer to the fumuco while 1 talked, bringiug his- covering of clothes nl-tu£ with him, und held out his great hands to toast nt the fire, nil the time observing me with scarrea wjjjk of the eye. Ai-rjv»'d .-»i 1)» end of my tulo, J told how onlv hist ni^'ht 1 bad dragged his companion ,,n dr.'k, ;md bow lie was to follow but for his picture. 'HaP cried he. 'you mfchi huv,- c-nn^l my tiebh to mortify by lnying »u» cW th. fire. It would have l-evii letter to rub ni ne poked up one foot jir,T the other t-. count his toes, fearing Roniu: im.l come »iwn\ with bis stocking*, und then said: 'Wi.-ll, ui-l how loug should 1 have slipt had you n--! come? Another week! By St. l'uul, 1 mi^ht have died ! Have you my stockings, sir P I gave them to him, nnd hcpuUod l!ie:n over his legs aud thou drew oil his boots ;uul stood up, the coats uud wraps tumbling nil bim as ho roso. 'I cau btand,' says he. 'That is good.' But iu attempting to take a btep lie roi-1^1, and would liave fali?n had I not gripped hi? 'Patience, my friend, patience!' bo nui* tered, as if to himself. 'I must lie n lifil. longer, and with that he kneeled and then lay along tho muttress. Ho breathed hcavih and pointed to tho pannikin. 1 asked him whether he would have wine or brandy. He answered 'Wine,' so I melted a draught, which dose, 1 thought, on top of what be hud already token, would send him to sleep; but ingfyi.ni it quickcued his spirit.-, aud with no lack of life iu lus voice, ho said: 'What is the condition of tho vessel P I told bim that she was still high mi.l dry. adding that during the night koiuu sort of change had happened, which 1 sboubl pres ently goou deck to reiuurk. 'Think you,' says he, 'that iliere i- any chance of her over being liberated P I answered, 'Yes, but not yet ; thut is, if the ice in breaking doesn't de.»lroy ln-r. The summer season lias yet to come, nnd we une progressing north; but now that you nro with me, it will lw a question for us to settk whether we are to wait for the icc to reliyi&c; the schooner or endeavor to cffect our oseupe by other means.' A curious gleam of cunning satisfncthni sboue in bis eyes ns lie locked at ine; he then kept siJenco for some nioinouts, lvl i i, thought. 'Pray,' said I, breaking in upon him, 'what ship is thisp He started, deliberated an instant, and an swered, 'The Boca deLUragou.' 'A Spaniard?*1 I He nodded. 'She was a pirate?'1 said L 'How do yon know thatr he cried, with a ] sodden fierceness. i 'Sir,' said I, 'Iain a British Bailor, who . has used the sea for some years, and knowB the difference between a handspiko and a poop lantern. But what mattersl She is a pirate no longer.' He let his eyes fall from my faco, and gazed round him with tho air of ono who cannot yet persuade his understanding of the reali ties of the sceno ho moves in. 'TutP cried he, presently, addressing him self, 'what matters the truth, as you say! Yes,' said be, 'tho Boca del Dragon is a pirate. You have of course rummaged her, and guessed her character by what you found P 'I met with enough to excite my suspi cion,' said L 'The ship's company of a craft of this kind do not usually go clothed iu lace aud rich cloaks, nnd carry Watchcs of this kind,' tapping my breast, 'in their fobs and handfuls of gold in their pockets.' 'Unless'— said be. 'Unless,' I answered, 'theirflagisasblack as our prospects.' 'You think them blackf' cried he, tbe look of resentment that wns darkeuing his face dying out of it. 'The vessel is souud, is &he; not?' I replied that she appeared so, but it would be impossible to be sure uutil she floated. 'The stores?'' 'They are plentiful.*' 'They should be!' he cried; 'we have tho liquor and stores of a galleon and two caracks in our hold, npart. from what wo origiually laid in for tbe cruise. Everything will have been kept sweet by the cold.'' 'May I ask your nomcP said I. 'Jules Tnssurd, at your service,' said he, 'third iu. command of the Boca del Dragon, but good as Mute Trcntauovc, and good | as Cnpt. Meiiduza, aud good as the cabiu boy Fernando Prado— for wo pirates aro re publican's, bir: we know no social distinctions | snve those we order for the eonvenicuce of j working ship. Now let ine tell you the story of our disaster. Wc had come out of the \ Spanish Maiu iuto tho South seas, partly to : escape some Hiiiish aud Freuch cruisers I which were after us nud rubers of our kind, and partly bpcau^o luck was against us, nnd wo could not find our uccount in those waters. Wo sailed in Deccmlrer two years ago' ? 'Making tho ycarr' I inteiTupted, Ho Ftarn-d, and thou grinned again. 'Ah, to bo eurel' cried be, 'this is 1801; but to keep my tale iu countenance,' be went ou in u satirical, apologetic way, 'let me call tlie j-ear in which we sailed for tbe South sea 1731. 'What matters forty c* fifty years to the shipwrecked? Is not ono day ot an open boat, with no society but tbo devils of memory, and no hope but the silence at the bottom of the sea, an eternity? Fill me that pannikin, my friend. I thank you. To proceed: we cruised some months in tho K'luth son. nud took a number of ships. One was n privateer thnt bad plundered a British Iiulianian iu tbo Southern ocean, and bad entered the South sea by New Holland. This fellow was full of lino clothes, and had tome silver iu her. We took what we wauted.aud let hor go with ber ]»oplo uuder hatches, her yards square, her helm amid ships, and her cabin on tire. Our maxim is: 'No witnesses 1' TJuit is the pirate's philos Oiir maxim ts: Ao u'rtn cases t ophy. Who gives ns quarter unless it be to hang us? 13ut to coutinue: we did hand somely, but were a long time about it, and after careening nnd tilling up with wntcr 'twist Sau Curios and Cliilue we set sail for the Antilles. Like your brig, wo were blown south. The weather wns ferocious. Gale after gale thundered down upon us, forcing us to rty befnve it. Wolo^t nil reckoning of our position ; for days, fur weeks, sea and sky wore enveloped in clmnN of snow, in tho heart of which drove our frozeu schooner. We were none of us nf a nal inutility fit to en counter tin-Si' regions; we carried most of us tbe curly hair of tlie sun, tlie chocolate check of the burning zone, nnd the ice chained the (Tuw, crouching 1 1 k ? ? l.nM-nrs, lji?]ow. We swept pist man) \a-i ii-i lni-gs, which would lenp ou a sudden out- of 1 ho white whirl of thickness, often so elo.se aboard that the re coil of tbe surge sinking against the mass would flood our decks. Ai all moments of the day und night «o wiio prepared to 1'ecl tho shock of the vcssol crushing her bnv.s Agniust ODe of thoMj stupendous bills. Tin-, cabin resouuded with Salves uud Aviu, with invocations to the saint-, promises, curses, nnd liuinies. The cold does not inakenu-n of the Spaniard?, who ni e but indifferent ..a men iu temperate clinics, and wc were ehiclly Spaniurds, with consciences as red us your English Hug.' Ho grinned, emptied the luiimikin, and stretched his hand:' to the lire to warm them. 'Oue morning, tbe weal her having cleared somewhat, we l'ound oiirM-lvessiiiToiiiidcd l-v ice. A great diain tloated ahead of us, ex tending fur iuto tho pouUi. The gulc Mew dead on to tin* coast: we dur-t not haul the hchooncr to the wind, nnd our only chance lay in discovering some hay where wc migl* lind shelter. Such n lm y il was my good luck to spy. lying diivetly in a line with the ship's head. It wa^ formed of :: great steep of ice jutting n long wavblaimn.-ly into the boa, the width between the pojul uuct the main being about a third ot a mil«\ 1 seized the helm, and shouted to the men to hoi-t the head of tlie mainsail thai she might round to when I put the helm rioMii. IJut the fel lows were in n panic terror, and .stood gaping at what tb'-v regarded a- their doom, calliug ujwn the Virgin and all I lie sainia for help and mercy, lido this bay did uc i-u^li on top of a huge sea, Troutanoic and the cap tain nnd 1 swinging, Willi Ml teeth, ut the tiller, that was bard u-lcc. She came round, but with such way upon her tbat she took a long shelving beach of ice, and inn up it to tho distance of half her own li-ngth. und 1 here she lay, with her rudder within touch of tbo wusli of the water. The men. r'v.M-dir.g the sehoouer as lo.-l . and concluding that ii' she wouL to pieces ber bouts would de-trojed, anil with them their only chance to escape from the icc. fell frantic, mid lo-t their wits altogether. They r-ored, To the boats! to the ljij.it.-!' The captain endeavored to bring them back to their sense.-., lie ami I and the trnite, and Jouin Barrot., ill' boatswain— a Portuguese — went among ilu-m pistols in baud, entreating, cit- sing. threatening. iThink of tho plunder in this hold! Will you abandon it without an effort to save ft! What thiuk you are your chance* for lift tn open boats in this sea? The schooner Jics protected here; the weather will moderate presently, and we may then be able to sliilo her off.' But reason as we would, tho cow ardly dogs refused to listen. They had broached a spirit cask aft, and passed the liquor aloug the decks while they hoisted the pinnace out of tho hold and got the other boats over. Tho drink maddened, yet left them wild witb fear too. They would not wait to codio ntthe treasure iu the run— tho fools believed the ship would tumble to pieces as oho stood— but entered tho forecastle ond tho officers' cabins, and routed about for what ever money and trinkets tbey might stuff into their pockets without loss of time; and then provisioning the boats, they called to us to join them, but wo sold, 'No'— on which they ran the boats* down to tho water, tum bled into them, and pulled away round tho point of ice. Wo lost sight of them then, und 1 have little doubt tbat they all per ished shortly afterward.' He ceased. I was anxious to bear moro. 'You hud l-uen six months on the ice when the stupor fell upon youP 'Ay, aliout six months. Tbo ice gathered about ns and built us in. I recollect it was three days after wo stranded that, going on deck, I saw the bay (ns I term it) filled with ice. We drew up several plans to escape, but none satisfied us. Besides, sir, wo bad a treasure ou board which we bad risked our necks to get, and we were prepared to go on imperiling our lives to save It 'Twas natu ral. We hud n great store of coal forward and nmidshiiK, for we hvi faced the Horn In coming, and know what we had to export in returning. We were also richly stocked with pi-ovi«io»sniid drink of oil sorts. There were but lour of us, und we dealt with what wo bad as if we designed it should Inst us fifty years, nut the cold was frightful; it was not in flush aud blood to stand it. Oncday— we hud been locked up about fivo months— Mcndoza Mid he would get upon tbe rocks nnd take a view of the sea. lie did not re turn. The others were ten weak to seek him, and thev were half blind besides: I went, but the ice wns full of caves aiul hollows, atid tlie like, nnd I could nor lind him. nor could I look for liiui long, the cold Itring the baud of dc3th itself up there. Tho time went by; Tientanovo went stone blind, nnd I had to put food and drink into his hands tjint bo might live. A week before the stupor enmo upon mc I went on deck and Raw Joain Bar ros leaning nt the rail. I called to him, but he made no reply. I approached and looked at bim, and found him fi-oceu. Then hap pened what 1 have told you. We wore in the cabin, tbe mate seated ut tbe tahlo, wait ing for me to lead nnd support him to the cook room, for he was so weak be could scarce carry his weight. A sudden fninui'vs seized inn, nnd I sank down upon the bench opposite liim, letting my head fall upon my arms. His cry startled me — I look™! up— saw him, ns I have said; but the cabin tla n turned black, my head sank aguin, and f re niMnbor uo mere.' lie pousod, nnd then cried in French, 'Tliatisall! They are dend— Jules Tnssard lives! The devil is loyal to his own!' and with tbat he lay back und burst into laugh 'And this,' said 1, 'was in 17o3.' 'Yes,' be answered, 'aud this is 1601— eight and forty years afterward, beyP aud li'j laughed out ngain. 'I've talked so much,' haid he, 'that, d'ye know, I think an other nap will do ine good. What coals have you found In the shipP 1 told bim. 'Good!'' he cried; 'we can keep ourselves warm for some time to come, anyhow.' And, so saying, ho pulled a rug up to his nose and shut bis eyes. CHAPTER XVT. 1 lighted n pipe, and snt pondering his story a little while. There wns no doubt he had given nie thcesoct truth so far as bis relation of it wont. As it was certain tben that the 13oca del Dragon (as she whs called) had been fixed in tho ice for hard upon fifty years, tbe conclusion I formed was that she had liecn blown by some hundreds of leagues farther south than the point to which the Laughing llury had been driven: that this , ice in which she wos entangled was not tbeu driftiug northward, but was in the grasp of boido polar current thut trended it south easterly: that in duo course it was carried to ! the antarctic main of ice, where it loy com pacted; after which, through stress of w-pnther or by thu agency of a particular temperature, a great mass of It broke away and started on that norihward course which bergs of all magnitude take when tbey are ruptured Irom tiie frozen continent. Now that I had a companion should I bo able to escape from this horrid eituatioof He had Fpoken of cheats of silver. Where wns the treasure — in the run? There might be booty enough in the hold to make d groat mau, a fine gentleman, of mo, ashore. It would be a uoble ending to an amazing ad venture to comeoff with ns much money as w-ould render mo independent for life, and enable 1110 to turn my back forever upon the hardest calling to which the destiny of man Of such were the fancies wbicb hurried through my mind. I wished to sec hnw the beboouer lay, and what change had IxJiillen the ico in the uight, nnd went on dirk. It was blowing a wholo gale of wind from the uortbwest. Tbe boa was swelling vorj' furiously, and I could divine its temjieMuous character by clouds of spray which Eprend liko volumes o£ over the mastheads. Tho'fcchoouer lay with a list of about 1.1 dogs., and her bows high cocked. I looked over tbe stern aud saw that the ice had sunk there, aud that there were twenty great rents and yawning 6cams where I had bofore noticed but one. A vast block of ice had folleu 011 the starboard side, and lay so close on tbe quarter that I could bavo sprung on to it. No other marked changes were observable. I was about to go below again, when my eye was taken by tho two figures lyiDg upon tbe deck. No dead bodies ever looked moro dead; but after tho woudrous restoration of tho hYenchman I conld not view tbeu- forms without fancying that tbey were but as ho had been, and that if they were carried to the furnace, and treated with brandy and ruin blng and tho like, thoy might be brought to. Full of thoughts concerning them I stepped into tho cabiu, and going to the cook room found Tassard still heavily sleeping. The coal in tho corner was iow, and as ft wanted an hour of dinner time I took tbo lantern and a bucket and went into the fore peak, and after several journeys stocked up a good pro vision of coal in the corner. I made uofco enough, but Tassard slept on. When this was ended I boiled some water to cleanse myself, and then set about getting the dinner ready. Tbe going into tbe fore peak bod put my mind upon the treasure, which, as I had gathered from the Frenchman's narrative, was somewhere hidden in tbe schooner— ^n tho run as I doubted not; I mean ia tbe bold, under tbe lazarette— for you will recollect that, being weary and half perished witb tbe cold, I bad turned my back ou that dark part after laving looked into the powder room. All the time I w as fetching the coal and drees ing tha dinner my imagination waa on firj with fancies of tbe treasure In tkls ship. ? Th« Frenchman had told ine tbey h«'l been well enough pleased with their hauls in tbe Bouth sea to resolve them upon beading round tbe Horn far their haunt, wherever It might be, in tbe Spanish Main; and I had too good an understanding of the character of plr&tae; to belleyfe ' that tbey would have quitted a rich hunting Held before they had handsomely lined their pockets. 'What, then, was the treasure to the ran, if Indeed it wore there! (To be continued next Saturday. J 