MO MB NEWS FROM A FEE NO II POINT OF VIEW. (moil OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) PARIS, 27th-April. Visitors to the Exhibition may at las-t put their faith in-some-Princes. In the colonial section on the Esplanade of the Invalidcs,. the Prince d' Arenberg lias opened A popular'restau rant, where the uniform price of each dish will bo two sous. Water will be supplied a discre tion-, but a fair eup of cocoa may.be obtained witli three morsels of sugar, for"one sou. If visitors complain henceforth of thS' dearness of living in Paris they have only themselves to bliiine. At the Cafe Anglais yon cannot count upon a respectable breakfast uuder 30 franca; for this sum the Prince d' Arenberg will furnish you with a choice of dishes, ten per day, during a month. - A leading French physician has published a plan by which a man can live on half a franc a day, and enjoy better health than a truflled alderman. The same establishment will also cook a beef-steak for. customers for one sou, and they may bring their own crusts. If the visitor to thei exhi bition be like John Ofilpin-have a frugal mind, though on pleasure bent, he can still further economize by securing lodgings at. two sous per night in the Rope Lodging Houses, where " hemp binds those whom honor won't." Mat tresses are slung across three ropes; at five in the morning a four feet drop is given to all the sleepers, who arc instantly on their feet; it is a model " spring " mattress. Depending on Irish tandem, the visitor can still effect further economy in cab and 'bus fare. ' It is officially admitted that the exhibition will not be ready on opening day. Many ex hibitors have no excuse for their backwardness; but they will not be the less included in the secular benediction that President Carnot will pronounce on all connected with the good work -Boulangists not excepted. In her colonial section Prance exhibits samples of native soldiers; they form a curious medley. Tiie ladies have paid a compliment to the Tnnkiuese braves by calling a new bonnet after them; their head dress supplied the mother idea. The goti dola ileet fs ready; the " St. Mare" has left her moorings, arrayed like Solomon in all his glory; the poop is a tremendous piece of marine up holstery work. Venice might send a few des cendants of the Doges to take charge of the quarter deck. Who knows but that M. Floquet when dining a few days ago with Signor Crispi, tne subject was broached across the walnuts and .vine. It might be the prelude of a new com-' mercial treaty, and the detaching of Italy from the triple alliance. The French have an unhappy tendency to do the right thing at the wrong moment. Thus it is in summer, when falling water is most agree able to refresh eye- sight, and a hot dusty atmosphere, that the public fountains are stopped to be cleansed and painted. At present the pavement is being rooted up to lay down wires for the lighting of the principal arteries of the city with electricity- for even Japan and Siam have utilized the new. light for public purposes before Paris, Hugo's city of light. Be assured when. the capital will be illuminated, that some Rip Van Winkle writer will announce that Loudon and New York, patrons of city electric lighting since years, are about to imitate the examples set them by Paris. But the untimely .measure now in question, is one affecting the chiffon niers. t ' t It has been remarked by the police since some time, that this historical body of public ser vants, lias contributed rather unpleasantly to the criminal classes. The conclusion has been drawn by the authorities that many rag pickers are recedivistes, who fall back on the /toltK, the lantern, and the crook-nail and stick, to cover their assault, in the Deca logue. When a duly licensed cheffonnier dies, or retires from business, his brass badge is ap propriated by a recedivist, who thus has a permit to move on, though "wanted." The police authorities are about reviewing the whole army-11,000 strong-of rag-pickers, and expect to so drop on many odd characters,' while at the same time purging the corporation. The unioned ehiffonniers will henceforth be supplied not only with a badge, but a llertl a ulios nlio parchment book, with the owners photo, attached, as in the case of railway sub scription tickets. That great anry of Oddfellows is in a state of commotion. The decree flutters its members as does a mandamus from the Senate's High Court of Justice a suspect of Boulangism. Many of the rag-pickers, known tO' house porters since years, are obtaining certificates of good conduct and identity from these Cerberu rag-picking, as times go, is not a bad profession. A man can earn from 2 to 5 francs a day at the calling; and since he can live hygienically on half a franc per day, plus a few sous for a cellar lodging, lie can save, invest in a lottery loan, gain a great prize, purchase a plot of ground, and become a landed proprietor. At the worst, he can die in harness like a Rothschild. He has to pay 110 taxes; to perform uo military duty; he abstains from poltics, and lias nothing to do with newspapers, save to crook up in the dust heaps, fragments of them all. As there are angels and archangels, so there are grades of chiffonniers. The placicr is one who farms the kitchen refuse of a certain num ber of houses, say 10 or 20 following, his agility to prospect t)ie bins or poubelles, when placed on the footpath for the passing dustman. If his " run " be in a rich neighborhood he can sell his interest for 150 to 200 francs. The placitr is a poor but honest man, who can fall no lower, who aspires to no elevation, has no more hope than a Mollusk, and whose death is as rare as that of a tinker or a donkey. His, mortal enemy is the '. conreur." This'is a free lance. a bucaneer, who does not respect settled rights, and who is fitted out by the master rag picker, on condition that all pick-upa shall be sold to him alone, and that the kraals be erects on some no man's ground shall be rented by'his rank and file. 4 stationary rag-picker gathers 40 lbs. of raw material during the night; a fre.erbppter GO lbs. The fraternity has its daily jirios current for all dust-biu com modities, just as the desoencJwts of the Twelve Tribes hare their mercurial for old clo'. It is computed by statisticians that during a, year the rag-pickers gather 345,000 tons of miscel laneous stuff, and which represents a value of 26\. million fr. And as to the variety of materials crooked up, these may be judged by the fact that tbey- are placed in 350 categories to suit ua many wholesale purchasers. The sorting of the midnight finds alone employs 2,000 men and wonjen, Chiffonniers are re markable for their longevity : there is nothing in their trade less salubrious than irt that of those other graduates for centennial hpnors grave diggers, nighaoll hygieniats, and city sewer men; God tempers the wind to the shorn! lamb. The country continues to be more and more averse to all political agitation, no matter from what quarter it may proceed- It wants rest; it' desires to soothe the Exhibition with the calm conditions conducive to robust and prosperous life. It takes no interest in the High Court of Justice. This is comprehensible, as the pro ceedings of that tribunal areas mysterious as: free-masonry. The impression is that if any: evidence liad been obtained of Boulanger's as sumed treason, the Jericlio trumpetB. would ere now hay.e been }n full blast round the walls ofi Boulangism. jjoitf.iWfggr's trip to England will be keenly watcbod by hj& adversaries here; he must be in a happier state of. mind,; now that he is in the great refuge for all political unfortunates that the Ixion wheel of French history, whirligigs in due course, to place the silver streak between them and la itelte France. The real 'N'asmyth blows will only be giver; jn October. Universal suffrage keeps the kjey of all the party creeds Parisians' are is pcstacies over Edison's Phonograph," \yluch h$s been introduced to their notice by;the President pf file Academy of Sciences, and Cqdone) Goyraijd, American, has sent us many kinds of conserves--roast beef, lobster, green corn and blue points; but to export canned voices, music, sounds anathemas and benedictions, takes the breath clean away. There will be no sting in death, no victory in the grave, when a man in his living, can have his daily conversation phonographed, cased up, and placed with his photograph, in course of time, in his jngjuerary urn. We may not be able to "feel the touch of the vanished hand," but we can bear the sound of a voice fljat is still. It is becoming the fashion now to publish " Jn memoriam" announces, on the anniversary pf thedeathoffriends-at the gametime givingtheir photo underneath. What moro edifying than OH the same day to open tho canned words of the defunct, uttered when in the hoy-day of life, perhaps at his wedding breakfast, or when returning thanks on being elected a town coun cillor or a member of Parliament ? It is the best and most wonderful toy Parisians have yet witnessed. But they long to see Mr. Edison himself, who will be here in June, He may count upon a hand shaking sufficient to make President Harrison jealous. Here is another industry on die wane-the rlaijuctir-s. Owing toplay-gaers declining to go to the plays, the farmers of the pluquen nro-nnt in a position to hire "hands".. This is the more lamentable as it is when in presence pf "the beggarly account of empty boxes" that the artistes need most an applause pick-me-up Some of the claque farmers-Messrs. Porcher, Fournier. Havez, etc., are wealthy men; have their town and country houses, and keep a carriage or a trap, like a doctor or a brewer. The t'hefx of the claques of the cafes concerts now make most money. Some of the claqueurs are so habituated to their work that when the volley of hand clappings commence, they can join in, though positively asleep. A few years ago one of these fabricants of mechanical enthu siasm was roused up, and, to prove ho' wan always awake, commenced to vociferate "Moliere Aut", whom ho believed to be tho author, and not Angier, to come beforo tho curtain. There is a story told of tho actor who claimed fellowship with the elder Kean, having played the role of tlio i cock to the ghost, in Hamlet;. Porchier , Porcher was a farmer of Claqueurs, and took payment in tickets that he sold among his friends. He was thus able to aid keeping many pieces of the Elder Dumas on the bills. Con sidering lie had established a claim on Dumas, the latter being extremely hard up, though on his death bed he produced a louis from his pocket to prove he died a moneyed man. He beeged that the dramatist would be more familiar with him, and so crown liis happiness. "Nothing easier," said Dumas laughing; " Well Porcher, will you lend me 500 fr. ?" The new Terminus Hotel, and tlie re-construc tion of the St. Lazare railway station, of which it is an off-shoot, will cost 30 millions fr. Spiers and Pond were offered the share. management of the- hotel, arid the buffets . on lthe same conditions as'they work in with the English Railway Companies. The St. Lagare, that is to siy. 'ihe Great" Western railway' terminus, conveys over its line, on an average, 70,000 travellers a day.. When there are races at Autensil or Longchamp the figures swell up to 250,000.' / It is aaid "that French ladies do not read modern, that is to say, poetry. Their favorite poet is still Dfe Musset. But then the latter was perhaps the only poot who thoroughly understood the fair sex-George Sand excepted. Fencing, iiot.boxing or-wrestling,-is the only manly exercise that appears to be progressing in France. On 30th*June next there will be a great international fencing match, and where the best steels will be handled by the keenest blades. Prince Oscar, of Sweeden; is gaining rapidly a reputation for fencing as he has won for painting. The Exhibition tickets, have made their ap pearance. They look like bill stamps, but do not display . in point of art anything remark-! able. It is said that only 9,000 subscription or season tickets have been sold. There will be no registration tickets at the entrances to the Ex hibition-you hand a ticket and pass in. . A Spanish beggar was asked to execute a commission. ? He replied : " Remember, sir, if I ask for alms, I.am above running errands." 