A Creepy Cablegram. That is a gruesome piece of news which the cable has brought, us with reference to the late Mr. Irving Bishop, the 'thought reader.' It recalls, together with many 'ow'er true' tales of a similar description, some of those stories in which Edgar Allan -Poe has indulged in ghastly fancies about premature burials and other such dread conjunctures of life and death. But Poe in Ms most morbid imaginings eonld. hardly have conceived anything much more suggestive of awful speculations than tho idea of a man, in whom life was merely suspended, being assumed to have given up the ghost, and actually dis sected. Yet such, if the statement of his -widow ia to be credited, is the fate which has befallen Eisliop. She declares, it seems, that he was only in a cataleptic trance when an autopsy was performed on his body ; and she and Bishop's friends accuse the doctors of murder. At least, the first portion of this startling accu sation derives some probability from the further assertion that Bishop had frequently lain for forty-eight hours in a cataleptic state ; and that, apparently with a view to guarding against the possibility of such a fearful mistake as is alleged to have occurred, he had left directions in his will that his body was to remain undisturbed till it had decomposed. How these precautions hap pened to be neglected is explained by the intimation that Bishop's friends and relatives had no time to interfere. It is to be hoped that those are but wild charges, after all, and that Bishon had really gone to sleep for ever before the doctors had him on tho dissecting table. If it was indeed as is represented, the horror of tne thing will not be greatly lessened by the conjecture that such a passage from a cataleptic trance to a still sounder rest, would, in all likelihood, be a painless process. For even so, there is yet something horrible enough in the very thought of such an. end. Whatever may prove to have been the facts as to the manner in which Bishop received his quietus, there are at any rate well authenticated instances of blunders of the same kind as is said to have been committed in his case. A notable one was that of which the Abbe Prevost, the author of the celebrated French romance of 'Mancn Lescaut' was the victim. The Abbe, while suffering from a seizure which had rendered him temporarily insensible, was examined by a sure-eon, and pro nounced dead. The surgeon proceeded to open the supposed corpse. Under the operation the unfortunate Abbe recovered consciousness, and uttered a err, but too' late to save himself. 