SOME ABORIGINAL CUSTOMS. A Lecture by Mr. F. W. Taplin (who was suffocated in the fire at the Coffee Palace, Adelaide) has been reprinted since his death by the Register. Mr. Taplin had the care of the mission station at Point Macleay, on the River Murray, in succession to his father, and therefore had intimate knowledge of the blacks. The lecture describes some of the customs that obtained 50 years ago. We subjoin some extracts:— The country contiguous to the Murray, below the present site of the Murray Bridge, and occupy ing the coastline between Kingston and Cape Jervis, was inha bited by a confederacy of eighteen tribes of aborigines, calling themselves the Narrinyeri, speaking the same, language, observing the same customs, and from time to time endearing themselves to each other by civil warfare, although united against a common foe. The Narrinyeri asserted their superiority to the tribes located in the back country and Adelaide Plains, especially ex pressing their contempt for the cannibal tribes in the south- east —the Merkara or Tatiara blacks in particular — owing to their weakness for appropriating well-conditioned Narrinyeri for culinary purposes. A much- married black man assured my late father that his fattest wife required the most watchful care. BELIEF IN THE SUPERNATURAL. Society was entirely controlled by fear of sorcery, law and order being invariably upheld by its use. A chief or "Rupulle" governed each tribe, who chose him as their leader and spokes- man, irrespective of any hereditary claim. His authority was supported by a council of the old men, and his verdict was gene- rally respected in all matters, civil or otherwise. At certain times the whole of the chiefs would meet with delegates from the different tribes, and would constitute a grand council of the Tendi, legislating on all matters of concern to the confederacy. These tribal gatherings gave opportunity for indulgence in the corroboree with other amusements. Murder was punished with death, manslaughter with banishment from the tribe, crimes against social or domestic peace with the club administered by the injured party. The nearest approach to a Supreme Being found among the myths of the Narrinyeri was 'Ngurundere,' a hero- god who was supposed to live in the Heavens, or "Wyirrewarre," and to which place he went after performing various feats in connection with the ordering of terrestrial matters. They had THE CENTRAIi FIRE STATION, MELBOURNE. 1.— RIXOtNQ THE ALABSI. £— A8LEHP. 3.— ANSW'BRISO THE OAtt. 4. —ON THE WAT. 5.— REACT nARNBSSWI. tt— AWAmNO-DOTt, THE CENTRAIi FIRE STATION, MELBOURNE. 1.— RIXOtNQ THE ALABSI. £— A8LEHP. 3.— ANSW'BRISO THE OAtt. 4. —ON THE WAT. 5.— REACT nARNBSSWI. tt— AWAmNO-DOTt, no idea of a creation, and the Narrinyeri seemed incapable of conceiving of any other than the material existence of all things. Ngurundere always used material for his purpose. For instance, he made the semiwarra, or bream fish by throwing flat stones into the water, and at another time made small fish by dividing a large one. Wild and absurd traditions are recounted by the natives regarding the doings of their gods, demigods and goddesses. Ngurunderi had two wives, who proving unfaithful he caused a flood of water to deluge the world and drown them. Neppelle, another god, is inconenienced by the waters, transported himself and came to the Heavens; and the bottom of his celestial ark may be seen seen to the present day floating in the Milky Way. Ngurundere, being wifeless, lost two of his children, and in search ing for them wished to cross the Cooroog, but was intercepted by a black man, who speared the god's thigh. Ngurundere laughed at this infliction, however, and retaliated by killing his enemy. Wyungare, another demigod, also figures largely in their myth ology. He is said to have been born without a father, and is described as a red man or Kaingani, from his birth, and a great hunter. Kangaroos of those days assumed gigantic proportions, and salt lagoons, several acreas in extent, are pointed out as the area covered by single skins. Wyungare's handsome form caused Neppelle's two wives to fall in love with him. The infuriated husband directed fire to follow the guilty trio, and Wyungare as a last resource attached a line to his barbed spear, and hurling it at the heavens by this means escaped with the two women. And now the three are to be seen at night in the Southern Cross. When an individual starts in his sleep it is said to be caused by Wyungare dangling his spear over him. Evil spirits are said to frequent the earth and devise mischief. The spirits of the de- parted also are dreaded, as they are supposed to visit their former surroundings, too often with evil intent. The Narrinyeri with great want of gallantry ascribe the origin of most of the ills of life to the bad conduct of their goddesses, and the old story of Eve's sins is in exact accordance with their ideas. There were two systems of witchcraft practised by the natives. The most practical is that called Millin, and brought about by an application of the Piougge, or bewitching club. A stunning blow on the head normally rendered the victim incapable of resistance; each of the leg and arm joints received the same treatment; the chest was prodded with the point of the weapon ; and the ears pulled until they cracked, to prevent the victim remembering the operator. The unfortunate was then considered bewitched, and as called Piouggewatyeri, and would certainly be led by an evil spirit, 'Nalkaru' into circumstances of a fatal nature. The second means of revenge was the melting or burning of a compo- sition of grease, human hair, and the remains of some food, of which the intended victim had partaken. This was supposed to cause fatal disease, and was much dreaded on account of its insidious nature. NATIVE DIALECTS The language spoken, by the Narrinyeri presents ample scope for the research of the philologist, but time forbids a lengthy dissertation on its peculiarities. One characteristic consists of the elliptical or abbreviated manner in which it is spoken. A word is often expressed by sounding a single letter. For instance. "Yarld ngunduur atyemitye,' or ' What your is name' (What's your name), is expressed "Yar matye mittye.' The language is full and precise so far as it goes, but is singularly deficient in general terms and abstract nouns. For instance, although they have names for all kinds of fruit and birds, they have not a term to denote the whole species. Metaphor and figurative expression are almost entirely absent. The definition of kinship amongst the Narrinyeri is iar more complete than in our English tongue, many of their terms having no equivalent in our system of kinship. The language of the several tribes differs considerably in dialect, and the language spoken by Narrinyeri generally is unintelligible to aborigines north of the Mount Lofty Ranges. The difficulty of acquiring an unwritten language was consider able, and led to many errors. In one instance an amusing mistake arose from the substitution of the word thin for sin, and resulted in part of a native congregation waiting on their minister, anxiously inquiring whether all thin, people were con signed to the internal regions. Different languages arose from the fact that in past ages there lived an old woman in the east much hated by ail people for ill-temper. At her death mankind in general signified their joy and satisfaction by devouring her remains, and as the various tribes ate different portions they ever after spoke a different language. The Narrinyeri assert that they appropriated the brains. It may interest some to hear the Lord s Prayer in native : — *4 Ngaiyeri assaon, leivrii nide evyirren ?warse. jsaxumbi el our our matye mitye. Usnanive kingdom pesut over hye tyisirovar. ^Csruwar ruwnragai um kan' our unganuk inde an taiyin, loin ellin narar uynrrbungal. Pimp our ltyak nam augh namauive krepawe kikkai eunagge. 2sginte tampal our sidguisukorn wirranarwarsin, low elbesiarn tunpulion aogunenk ar kornar, wirrangioarrin anamangk. Tano inde a=srm TB-aiyon yangi ar brapar rampanllun aseane Muritpoar anam brnpenena Lmanive itye kingdom, Ngirate friltengi, Klartin ? Kaldowarnp. Xeni our nunkowarrin ityan.' Tne literal translation is a fair illustration of the idiom. The 'Father of us sitting in Heaven, sacred will be Thy name. Your kingdom coming, may it hasten. Many countries, when they hear your commands, may they have like it is in Heaven. Given must it be irom you bread this day. You forget us when we are wicked like having we forgotten when men wicked to us. Not Thou us leading when evil persuading us. Free us from evil. Yours it the Kingdom. You are strong, shining continually. Leave it making good it is.' RULES FOR YOUTHS. An Australian youth was subjected to considerable discipline and from the time he could walk was instructed in the mysteries ot his folk lore. He was forbidden to eat of the kinds of food most easily obtained, and reserved for the aaged and women. If he ate silver bream he would be weak- kneed ; if be partook of wallaby he would become prematurely grey ; if he indulged in roast turtle it would certainly cause him to grow ugly. He was not allowed to have his hair combed or cut, aud it consequently became a mop-like, filthy mass. On attaining maturity this was combed out by the men with a spear : the whole of his beard was plucked ourt and he received a liberal coat of red paint composed of red ochre and fish oil. For several months his diet was re stricted to very few kinds of food; he was not allowed to wear anything but a skin around his loins. The society of the gentle sex was forbidden ; his only pillow must be a forked stick, and his thirst was only to be assuaged, by sucking water through a reed tube. During the whole of this time he was considered sacred or Narumbi. After the beard had grown three times and bad been plucked out as often, the youth was admitted to the rights of manhood. Ihe application of grease to the body was held to improve the personal appearance and to make a man fat, for a corpulent person was always admired, however ugly might be. MARRIAGE. The first duty of a young man was to obtain a wife, and this end was attained without the weak sentiment of a white man s courtship. An aboriginal paid for his wife, bartering a sister or cousin in exchange. We have known a man to barter his grey-haired widowed, mother for a spouse. It was considered disgraceful tor a man to have a wife for whom an equivalent had not been Riven, or for a woman to have it said that her husband had not paid for her. First cousins could not marry, and the marriage of second cousins waa considered imprudent. A man could not marry a woman of his own tribe. Matches were always arranged by a third party, and frequently a suitor would not aee his intended until the eve of his marriage. Thia arrangement however, did not always prevent love matches; but where such transpired the proposal always came from the lady, as it was considered bad taste for a man to take such a liberty. The mar riage ceremony always took place at night, and waa of a simple nature, the most important part of the performance consisting of the bride making a fire on her future husband's hearth. A corroboree and dance usually took place ; but amongst the Narrinveri there was nothing indecorous in the proceedings. Polygamy was admissable, but a man possessing more than one wife was generally regarded with pity on account of the discord in his domestic affairs. The Narrinyeri assert that on entering Paradise after death a man is allotted an equal number of wives to those he has obtained on earth— Nguruudere judging the number by the quantity of tears issuing ifom the eyes of the departed. A husband provided all animal food for his family and was expected to keep a good hut or "mia-mia" to shelter them. A woman had to obtain roots and vegetables, carry firewood, cook the food and perform all menial work in connection with her duties as a wife and mother. ' If she pleased her lord he signifled his approval by rubbing her with grease; on the contrary, she would speedily find that his club constituted a ready means of punishing any delinquincies. In case of cruelty inflicted by her husband, a woman could take refuge in the hut of her mother, with the certainty of at least temporary safety, as it was consi dened most improper and unlucky proceeding for a man to go into the presence of his mother-in-law. DOMESTIC CUSTOMS. Kissing befween the sexes is almost unknown amongst the Narrinyeri A boy would not kiss his mother or sister ; and a man who kissed his wife in the presence of a third person fell to zero in the scale of Australian society. This form of salutation was, however. exchanged between men. We have frequently seen a man on returning from a journey fall on the neck of a male relation or friend and afterwards enter his hut and act with the most stoical indifference to his wife and children, excepting perhaps a smile of recognition to the baby. Infanticide was practised: but parental affection for the children permitted to live was very great. A father would generally share the duty of nursing a sick child, and the boys especially received a great deal of attention. A baby was termed kalegabee so soon aa it could crawl ; this is a term synonymous with caterpillar. A name was not chosen until the child could walk, and generally had some meaning identified with the circumstances of its birth. Many of their names were ephonious. Maratinyeri, Turalar tumnje, Kunigaore, liemelinyeri, Xew.ilinyeri, Penibinga, Ngar larni, L.-ambe-Jnmbe, Katyerine, and Xahramenyeri. may be taken aa specimens of those in general use, and each having a distinct meaning. TRIBAL DOCTORS. In case of sickness the advice of the chief and old men was sought, and these endeavoured by means of incantation and song to dispel the evil influences at work. All sickness and death were attributed to sorcery, and various men of the Narrinyeri professed to be able to divine the cause and secure healing on payment of a sufficient fee. Rubbing and kneading the body ot the patient formed, a considerable part of the process of these operators. They also claimed ability to squeeze the disease out by means of tight bandages, and to suck pain from the head through a tube made of human bone. Many of the antics and passes made by these quacks resembled the operations of a mesmerist, and there is reason to believe that these people were formerly acquainted with psychic force. We have known aboriginal men who claimed to be able to induce sleep by making passes. Medicines and poison were alike unknown. Flesh wounds were healed by the application of clean dry earth. In one case brought under our notice amputation of the leg above the knee was treated satis factorily in this way. A steam bath was used in some cases of fever by placing the patient over hot stones covered with damp earth. Scarifying an inflamed part was alao practised. All such remedies, however, were more or less under the control and sub ject to the caprice of the aforesaid medicine men or sorcerers. No poisoned weapons were used in fair fight, and the wounds made by wooden spears and swords healed quickly. Secret revenge, however, was gratified in some cases by the use of a poisoned dagger called 'Ngelyerri.' Thia was generally made of bone or hard wood, and was six or eight inches in length, with a blade about half an inch wide and sharply pointed. This dagger, after being buried in the fleshy part of the human corpse for several weeks, was kept wrapped up in a covering of human hair and grease. A prick from this deadly implement was said to cause fatal blood poisoning. The natives were so fearful of this weapon that it was dangerous to point a ngelyerri towards a black. TOTEMS. The eighteen clans or tribes of the Narrinyeri each hail a totem or symbol, conaiating of animal, bird, reptile, insect, or vegetable. This totem, whatever it may be, ia supposed to contain the tutelary genius ot the tribe, and although it might be used for food it was the imperative duty of all members of the community to protect it from assault or cruelty. And if this "Ngaitye" or "friend" of the tribe was used lor food, all remains were care fully burned or destroyed lest an enemy might make use of them aa a charm against the eater. Not only had each tribe a "Ngaitye" or "Totem," but every family would possess such an attachment. All children belonged to the father's totem. Snakes of various kinds were much esteemed in this way, and as some compensation for the Narrinyeri's fear of eating snake they used to catch a representative of their good genius, and after carefully extracting its fangs keep it as a household pet. In another in stance an old native in fear lest his innocent Ngaitye might suffer, ate and swallowed a large hairy house spider. Persons are often named after their "Ngaitye.' All persons claiming the protec tion of a tribal totem are called ' Lakalinyeri,' or "brothers in arms. The Australian natives had their rain- makers, who pro fessed to be able to change the weather by means of their incan tations. They also believed in the power of the dead to influence the elements PRIMITIVE FREEMASONRY. A curious custom prevailed amongst these people, and which seems to point to a relic of freemasonry. It was called "Ngian giampe,' and consisted in the father of a child entering into a compact with a parent in a neighbouring tribe that their children ever after were to call each other "Ngiangiampe," or "Friend of my loins.' This ceremony was ratified by the exchange of bunches of emu feathers prepared in a peculiar way. A man had always, and under any circumstances, to help his ngiangiampe, but as they were not allowed to speak to each other nor enter each other's presence this assistance had to be rendered through a third party. This fraternity were also bound to exchange presents every year, and as the Narrinyeri idea of property was communistic, this, proceeding was of mutual advantage to the tribes having ngiangiampe.' These persons were also much used as agents or messengers between the tribes. A man was safe in a hostile tribe so long as he had a ngiangiampe to protect him. One reason for the forced estrangement of these parties waa to prevent intermarriage of blood relations. If a man ob tained a wife from a neighbouring tribe he could prevent the pos sibility of objectionable alliances by exchanging the "kalduke" or token of ngiangiampe" with some of her relatives. We have known cases in which by mutual consent the compact was rescinded and the tokens returned. In other cases parties would be only temporarily made ngiangiampe to each other BURIAL RITES. The Narrinyeri believe in a future state and that after death all must go to Wyirrewarri, the celestial abode of the deities. They believe that communication is maintained between Heaven and earth through the spirits of the departed and ghost stories are told and received with great credulity. The genuine Aus- tralian ghost usually assumed the orthodox white and misty form, but occasionally appeared as a black stump or a sheet of flame. At other times an invisible presence was said to be felt entwining cold, nake arms about its victims. One tribe of the Narrinyeri describes a satanic visitant having spears projecting from his head. Consequently when a couple of stray bullocks wandered into their territory previous to the advent of European settlers they were regarded as genuine specimens of the old enemy. The name of the dead was tabooed until the remains decayed. To mention the name, or any part of, indicated a want of sorrow and respect for the deceased. This custom led to frequent changes in the language. The funeral ceremonies of these people are peculiar, and perhaps amongst the most revolting known. All death is attributed to sorcery, accidental or natural decease being considered impossible, owing to the traditional statements re- garding the translation of their hero gods without dissolution. On death taking place the death-wail is raised, and far and near would be heard this dismal sound. All were expected to join in the lamentation, neglect of the duty being considered evidence of collusion with the wizard causing the decease. We have seen women cut themselves with shell and flint knives and throw dust in the air, uttering wild cries of regret. All near relatives, male and female, shaved their heads, and, spinning their hair into headbands with that of the dead, wore them as a sign of grief. The first night after the death a near male relation slept with his head on the corpse in order that he might be led to dream of the cause of death. The chief often did this in important cases, part of his duty being to act as coroner. As further evidence the corpse was placed on a triangular bier or ngarabbe a day after death, and elevated on the shoulders of three men facing away from each other and towards the whole of the tribe standing round. The chief would then ask the spirit of the departed if the dream was a correct clue. Affirmative replies were indicated by the bearer reciving an impulse from the corpse towards the chief. The names of any suspected persons present were then called out, and if guilty resulted in an impulse of the corpse towards them. This planchette-like proceeding was usually kept up for several hours, resulting sometimes in a free fight, but seldom in more than diversity of opinion as to the proper verdict. The inquest done with, the next duty was to dry the body. This was accom- plished by fixing it in a sitting cross-legged posture on a wooden frame about three feet over a smoky fire. In a day or two the black outer skin was removed, leaving it white. It was then called "Gringkari." Hence the reason for the natives calling the white people "Gringkari," the idea being that we are their dead returned from Hades. Some persons have inferred from this that the aborigines believe in transmigration of the sould, but we are convinced that there is no ground for this supposition. The black man's doctrine seems to be merely transmogrification of the body. Soon after the mission was established amongst the natives at Point Macleay in 1859 an unscrupulous white ad- venturer endeavoured to take advantage of the people's credulity by telling them that he was a member of their community re- turned from Paradise. As the individual he represented, how- ever, left enemies as well as friends amongst the Narrinyeri, he soon found it was wise to depart once more without any preliminary decease. Advantage was usually taken to prepare instruments for bewitching purposes by placing them inside the drying corpse. So necessary was this that the abolition of drying the dead has completely frustrated the power of the sorcerers. The drying process usually occupied about eight weeks, and when completed the remains were tightly bound up in skins and kept in the hut of the relatives for about a year. At the end of that time the bundle was hid away in the branches of a tree. As a final mark ot esteem the skull of a deceased relative was often used us a drinking vessel. The drying of a corpse took place in an inhabited hut, and the relatives lived day and night in the immediate vicinity of the reeking mass. In the early days of mission work the custom waa a great nuisance, and particularly so when the chief mourners would join a congregation of worshippers on a hot Sabbath morning. 