. The Man of Surprises, ff " DON'T you believe that l am dead until T write; and tell you EO." Such were about the last words I heard Stanley speak, before he started on his great mission of rescue. I knew why he said it, because a long time before he had shown me a letter written by Livingstone to, I "think, : his. daughter, in which the great traveller thanked his correspondent for the newspapers he 'had just received, "confirming," he said, "so circumstan- tially my death for the seventh time." Later still Osman Digna was killed off at least five times ; but, all the same, that truculent ex sod a-wa ter merchant of Suakim-appears to be still alive, and still as anxious as ever to flay Mr. Wylde with oyster-shells and peg him" down over an anthill. And Stanley knew as well as, or better, perhaps, than anyone else, how prolific Africa or any other wild country without organised com- munications is of rumours, and especially of evil rumours, about " the white man." A Chaka may sweep the land from the Limpopo to the sea, desolating its kraals and extirpating its tribes, and scarcely a whisper of the black Attila reaches the settlements of European nations.. But once leta single fair-skinned traveller from among the peoples of the North be on the march, and a strange " fear of change " such as " perplexes monarchs" seems to take the land by panic, and, magnified through the mist and halo of. supersti- tion, the one- -White Man, moving through the swarthy myriads, stands out colossal. So it has been with Stanley. Bound him gathered all the gossip of the forest and the plain. In the boma the talk was all of " the Stone-Breaker," as they called him, and the chiefs, as they sat over their jars of pombé, sent their messengers east, west, north and sonth to gather tidings of that Coming Man, whose intrepid will has shattered the great walls that have all these years hidden Africa from the eyes of Europe, and who now, like an appari- tion, has suddenly broken upon the astonished African from out of the black, ghost-peopled depths of forest that look upon the Great Lake. One hnndred and sixty days it took him to cross it, this fearful solitude, where the elephants by their troops held the path against his advance, and from the brushwood a dreadful dwarf people spat their poisoned arrows at the passing caravan, axes at I work- the whole way to clear a Toad, and incessant rain pattering through the matted leaves overhead on to the matted leaves under foot. And for one hundred and sixty days Stanley was lost, and then, lo 1 all of a sudden, out from under the gloom of the trees, out from the untrodden land of glamour, that leafy wilderness peopled by savage beasts and venomous mannikins, which the black man dared not invade, there flashed the Man himself. The shell trumpets blared the alarm from village to village, and out upon the green plains, and up the rugged hills, swarmed the spearmen and the bow- men ; for the white man had come at last, and the fight had now to be fought. And how they fought it Stanley himself has told us ; and how, too, he met Emin Bey ; and how (the wretchedness of it all) he went back all alone to bring np his rearguard and found it broken up, its leaders killed or invalided, his own death already believed in, and where he ' had expected the crowning assistance for complete success, all the conditions of ultimate defeat and fiasco. ' Yet he turned again and got safe back to Wadelai, and, so the tele- grams say, is now taking the beleaguered garrison, and the population that has grown np round it, into safety at Zanzibar by the sea. lt is a splendid record, and 1, for one, nave a peculiar and personal interest in the splendour of it. For while I was in Australia I had again and again to give my opinion as to whether Stanley was alive or not. And, despite all telegrams to the contrary, I always wrote that he was alive, that " there was nothing in Africa that could kill him," and if anyone cares to refer to the Argus of Mel- bourne they will see that at the very time Stanley was on his return from Emin Bey to Barttelot's ruined camp, I said, " He has already delivered his letters to Emin, and is on his way back to pick np the rest of his men ; and then," I said, and I fear, perhaps, I may be wrong here, "he will march northward and bring us back Gordon's body from Khartoum.?' Months .later came the news to the Antipodes of a White Pasha "marching north- ward," and I said, "There, I told you so, this is Stanley," and now that I am home again I hear of fighting under a white leader at Bor on the direct road to Khartoum. Is this Stanley? Why not? I have myself sat at table with him, and talked over a march to Khartoum. Years ago I offered, if the Daily Telegraph would send me, to go for that paper to Khartoum by myself, and Stanley strongly approved of the offer. He bas the chauce now. Will he take it. this Man of Surmises ? Should he I go. what a home coming- hiB will be! -PHIL ROBINSON, in the Sunday Times. 