' The Tower Ghost. \- A Story of the Spirits. riits-siJ : ?ti'rom' Vamlt/ Faii\\) ? . as he withdrew his bij;ar. from his mouth und omitted u littlo ciouj, li, tobacco smoke, 'the quartors aren't bad,, n't any rato, and, gboBts or no ghosts, I uifan to make myself comforta,blo here.' ' Idtu I suppose you 11 bo -nucn troubled, reKponded tho Rev. Mr. Orwin ; ' but ic is quite certain that half a d- zi.Ti of tho mon hero believed that thoy havo seen this apparition, or vision, or whatever you like to call it ; and it is e qually certain that many uncanny things havo happened hero- and do happen still.' And, after a pauso, he went on — '? Only ye3teiday I waa talking to Sorgeant M'Murdo about it, who ia a stout fellow -enough, and tho lust man to bo frightened out of his wits by anything that has evor appeared to mortal eyes. Ho told mo that tho mon got un:d to it after a timo, when they find it doesn't do ihem.any ha?m. But they never talk of it; nnd reoruits aro loft to find put its existonco for thcinselvea However, you now know all thero is to tell you, so let us onange tho subject.' ' Good. We'll let the ghoat and his evil ways 'alone for tho present. But, Orwin, not n word of -.this to my wife or daughter. They'd be fancying that thoy saw all wrts of things if they were to hear that tho place is haunted. I shall' give general orders as to secrecy as far bb they 'are coricc.-ned, and 1 wish yon could just drop SplintOB a hint to keep his mouth tliut before theui. And, now, if you're ready, ?we'll join the ladic3.' ' I won't forgot to do so,' returned Orwin, ns ho rose ; 'and you may rely upon myself nnd Splinters. As for the rest, they are all safe enough. There isn't a man in the Towor : who will mention tbe ghoat if ho can help it. They aro too muoh ly'raid of interfering with its ghostly vagaries.' This conversation took place in a comfortable room in tho Tcwor of London one ovening in tho late summer ot 1821. The trial of Queen Carolino .was in progress, and popular. feeling ran nign ; tor wnicn ana otner reasons tlio Guards at tho Tower had been doubled. Colonel Blakethad just taken up his quarters there as keeper, of the regalia, and ho had brought his wife and daughter and voting son with him. ThiB was his first ovening in his new abodo, and the rer'dent chaplain had dined with the now keeper and hia family. On the following day Colonel Blake, who was no believer in ghosts, mado what inquiries ho couhl as to tho stories which hud boen told him by by Orwin ; but he failed to leatn much. He could hardly qu.-ation the mon personally, and .though he closely interrogated Sergeant H'Murdo, he could not get much satisfaction from him. He (the sergeant) used to call it rubbiBh too, he told the colonel, but he knew better now. No; ho had not seen anything in particular himself ; but he had hei'-d queer sounds, and certainly thoro wero many uncanny things seen thero. The guard had often turned out at the sound of a shot, sometimes to find the sentry in a fit or a swoon ; and he always told tho saine story when brought rouud. Aftor a timo the bors seemed to get used to the ghost — for ghost there certainly waB — and then they paid no further attention to it, finding that their muBket balls did not hurt it and that it did not hurt them, utill, they ceemed to want a good deal of introduction to it before thoy reached that stage of familiarity which is sup. posed to breed contempt ' I never mention it to the men,' ended the sergeant, ' and never tako notice of their Mories. It's best that I should seem to know nothing of tho ghosts. Thoy do us no harm, and wo do them none ; so ' live and let livo,' I says.' Dr. Splinters, the medical ofiicer, pooh poohed this particular ghost and all other glioste, after tho manner of all approved scientists.- He -lmd never seen anything the existence of whioh he could not explain, ex wfit'thp Fploon; and ho did not believe in any. , thing which ho could not 'understand. He admitted that he had been on several oooasions callcd upon to attend sentriei who had ' been found unconscious at their post a ; but he attri buted their seizures to natural causes. ' ' These fellows are too lwell fed hero, you seo,' he told tho colonel ; ' and their livers aro consequently always going wrong. Then thoy ot' giddy, and think that they seo things, and Milfer from vertigo; Odd that so many of them Khould bo taken bad ? Yes, of course, it's odd ; but sure to bo somo natural explanation. Ki vcr air not so wholesome aB it might b'o. Ghosts' all bunkum, anyhow. Smart chap, perhaps, started tho story to get off punish ment. Example followed by less smart chaps — wlio couldn't invent for themselves — nvor since. ? They always pull round after a couple of blue pills. Nothing like a blue pill to clear away the bluo dovils.' And the materialist medico laughed tho short, dry laugh that, was peculiar to himself. So Colonel Blake was obliged to wait upon events. He had dono what ho oould. Though no believer in ghosts, ho was yet no scoffer, for he knew that thero were things on earth not comprehended in his' philosophy. He was in no way fearful of anything that might happen ; and, as tho dayR passed by with tliat regular monotony which is nowhere more striking than in a garrisoned fort, ho began to think that, aftor all, tho Tower ghost had no real oxis tcnce outaido tho imaginatinn of those who professed to have seen it, and to inolino to tho opiuion .entertained by Dr. Splinters. Yet, strangely enough, ho became conscious of regrets that he had brought his family to the Tower with him, which increased rather than diminished as tho uneventful days passed by; and once he felt a strong irapulso to send hia laraily from him, if only for a timo. Still, he could not say tbat lie ftlt any presentiment of coming evil, and the. ladies had given no sign ili ittliey were nware of anything unusual ; and roon he came to laugh at the idea that ho might have sent .them away; and' lived the solitary life of Bn.unmrirried ofiicer. - : ? ? Y el: Colonel Blake waa destined to puss tho remainder :of his life in unavailing rogret that ho liod not acted upon that almost momentary impulse... 'Amy,' said., her fathor ono very suliry evening, after ' Ihb, 'dinner things had . been cleared aypay. ; ^ ''cannot 'you sing; something forhs? Or is it too, hot for suoh exertion ?' ' Oh, no, father,' replied Miss Blake; 'I will sing as much as you like.' And she ' sat down at, tho . piano and sang several of the most popular songs of the day; Presontly she closed tho instrument, and moved, towards ,thp.open window. ' It,Bis _'warm ' to-night,' sho said, as sho seated herself opposito to her fathor. ' 'Piping hot, ',1 should call it,' emphasised her brother T,ed, ,a boy of 15, aa ho laid 'aside' . v the/book whioh the gathering twilight rendored it impbssible'to read. .... ''Reminds' me of Madras,' added Colonel Blake. Jr'; ' ' v., ' ' ' ...- ?'pq Jon -know,' said Mrs.' Blake, who -was m'Hin'g'byrtlio table in! the middle of ? tho 'room, ?? vhat'while Amywasplayjng,!it seemed to me to grow suddenly quite' cold. - (I felt so oh illy that I was justr going to ask you if you woul&'olose the' window; 'when the feeling seomod to.pusa ? .« Silly of in'e, is it not ?' . ... a' . And 'Mra. Blake shivered as ihespoke.1 ' . ' '?Yerjr 6triinge,' repliod ColOnol Blake, ^with cohqefn I hope, my.doar, you are not going to be ill; To mo jt scoms that this is tho hottest day that we havo had' thiB year.' And tho colonel thought, as the party ro^ lapsed into ' silence, that ho would got Dr. Splinters to como over in tho morning and look at bis wife. And sp, for a timo, the party cat in tho warm twilight, listening to tho regular tramp of tho sentinels upon tho terraces above arid below, and. the sound of their voioes as thoy answered ono another.. Presently tho refrain of Amy's' Blnko's last song was heard from below, aa tho sentry, at the bottom of the staircase took up' tho'air with a fino, though uncultivated, tenor voice. , Right through to tho end tho man eang tho song, whioh was ono of those military com positions so muoh in voguo 00 years or so ago ; and aB ho finished, Mrs. Blake shivored again audibly. Ted,' she said, ' will you shut tho— ah — h— And as slio turned towards tho door, ?whioh wbb open, sho broke off suddenly. Sitartled at tlio strained tono of hor voioo, Colonol Blako looked at his wifo. An expros sion of wondoring surpriso, mingled with terror, was on her faoo, and her oyes wore fixed on the opon'' door. ,' _ Following hor gazo, the colonol leaped from hia .chair as his oye fell upon the door. Foe: oiling through it into the room, he saw what stemed to be.avolumn of.denso smoko. i ' Good heavens !' he ejaculated j'0' there is something on fire !' 1 But aa he spoke tho smoko seemed to shape itself into a pyramid of dark, thiok mist, whioh revplved qi'iokly round itb own contre. ? 'What, do you see?'' ho asked his wife, striving to speak culinly, and keeping his gaze I fixed upon the thapeless mass, which now seemed to him to contuiu something working in ita centro. But his wifo seemed too terrified to speak. Sho and her daughter could only stare — as a rabbit may sturo at the serpent whono proy ho is to be — unable to move or speak. And all the time Ted, who saw nothing ex cept tho frightened faces of hia mother and sister, looked on in wondering awo, unablo to understand what was taking place. At last he cried out — 'Father, look at mother! What is the matter witb her f Amy! Amy! What is it f' But there was no answer, until a minute later Mrs. Blake threw down her head upon her arms on tho tablo, and, finding her tonguo at last, cried out in agony— . ' Oh, my God ! It has seized me !' And, with a piercing scroam, sho swooned away. ; ... His wifo's cry aroused Colonol Blako, who seized a chair and hurled it at tlic phantom with all his force. It passed right through tho figuro and crabbed against tho sideboard behind it. ' And now the ut first shapeless mass had evolved, from itself the fearful form of a gigan tic man, clad in a leather jerkin, stained, as it seemed, with dark stains. In ita rij'ht :,hand the thing held by tho hair a human bead, which seemed to drop blood upon the carpet as it was borne forward ; while in itn left it grasped a bloody axe, such us tha headsmen of tho Middle Ages used to wield. And horrible as tlio thing was to look upon, its face was moro drcadfull still. Such a demoniacal, scowling grin the colonol could never have imagined until he saw it : it posEed all description. And thia fearcomo apparition, still enshouded in the thicK grey mist in which it first appeared, seemed to tho colonol to glide slowly round tho room, scowling upon h'm with that frightful grin as it did so, until itreachcd tlio door sgain. Then it disappeared, aa it .had como, through, tho open door. Not till the thing had gone did Colonel Blako find hinifelf able to move. After hia one effort to rout tho enemy ho had stood aa though paialysrd, unablo to tako his eyes from tho phantom, whose fiendish look hndalmoBt frozen tho blood in his veins But Colonel Blake waa no coward, and as it disappeared ho rushed to tho door to follow it. Beforo he could do so, however, the sound of a challenge from below,' and a shot, followed by a fearful shriek from outside, smote upon his ears. Then there was a momert's silence, and finally a heavy fall. Thccolonel paused, horror-struck, as ho listened, and ere he could sufficiently rccover hiniBelf to get downstairs the measured tramp of the guard approaching fell upon his grateful ears. He stopped to listen, and heard tho poor sentry, who had so lately been singing, challenged. But there was no response ; for tho man was face downwards on the ground, utterly uncon scious of his duty. The sergeant shook him roughly, and, aeBerting with an oath that he had been asleep at bis post, ordered himaindor aueBt. Then, having posted a now sentry, ho went on to complete his ronnd. - Colonel Blake drew his hand aorosa iiis damp brow, and returned to tlio room whore ho hod left his wife. Thore thy sight of his eon and daughter, bending over hor lifeless form, seemed to bring him to himself onco more. Raising his wifo in hia shaking arms, ho bore her to her room, where, laying hor on the bed, he left her with his daughter, whose terror at wlmt, sho had seen had given way to anxiety for her mother, when sho saw her stretched upon the floor, to all appearance, dead. Next he summoned an orderly, and sent' tin urirent memo go to Dr. Splinters. Thon he sat down and tried to question Ted as to what ho had seen. But though the boy said that hn lmd felt . an indescribable sensation of chill and horror, ho stoutly denied that ho had seen anything, nnd could only wonder nt the agitation whioli had manifested itself before him in his parents and sister,, which he could not understand. Tlio latter had seen what sho described as a pillar of ' smoke rolling in through tho open door ; but had then devoted all' her attention to her mother, so that abe had Been nothing elao. Even when Colonel Blako, hurled tbo chair at the apparition, sho had onjy glanced up in fear and wonderment to seo her father gazing, with an expression ol intonso awe, into a misty cloud, which alono sho saw ; and aftor that sho had seen nothing but her fainted mother. The rest of this true story is Boon told. Dr. Splinters seemed impressed wlion ho heard Colonel Blake's story, bnt, aftor hia kiud, would admit nothing, and Baid littlo. Mrs. Blake returned to consciousnoss under tho in fluence of such restoratives an he administered ; but as perfect quiet was enjoined upon her, no questions wero asked as to what sho had seen. She was never herself again, and whon, some days after that terrible ovening, hor husband ventured to alludo to it, she shuddorod i so violently, and with such evident signs'of real terror, that the subject waa at once dropped. She was, of courso, removed from the Towor oh tho day following her attack ; biit though tended with the greatest caro by her daughter, nnd'prescribed for by tho most eminent physi cians of tho day, they could not heal the mind diseased, and Mrs. Blako never rallied. Sho lingered on in a state of extreme dojectiou for six weeks of apathy, and thon sho died, quietly —the doctor said of inanition. Porhaps it was only the necessity of nursing her mother that saved Amy from a like fate, by diverting her thoughts from what she had seen until tho horror of tlint fatal ovening had decreased. As for the poor sentry who had beon so frightened by what ho saw, ho wns court martiallfd on the next day for having boon found asleep on his post. Ho declared that, whilat walking towards tho stair ontranco which' led to Colonel Blake's quarters, ho had scon a gigantic form glido out from the door . way. At. first he had taken it for a huge bear, and viewed ,it - with surprise, wondering at tin same time as to how such an animal should b i found -in such a placo. But as the thing passed closo to bim, arid leaning forward glared into hia face as it did so with the expression o ' a perfeot dovil, ne he described it, ho had felt an inexprcssiblo'dread como, over him. Never theless, as it passed, tho sentry liad rahed hia musket and firod into the figure whioh, ha said, had. responded with ii peal of unearthly laughter as it flouted over ,tlio barbican., After that lib remembered no moro until ho fouud himself under arrest. The court, of .course, refused to believe, this story, though it could ? not doubt, the mail's sinceritv', so clearly' was1 it impressed upon fcia hard, white face ; 'but ? Colonol Blako appeared on hia behalf , and proved that tlio man corild not; havo '.beon' asleep, as ho had, been Dinging, . nn^ his^tlio colonePs),. family 'had been ' listenin'g ;to him ' less tlinn five 'minutes before. Thero '?was also in. bis favour the oviderico of tho'diB chargeU musket: 'and ovontualljr tho court ; acquitted 'liim,' believing that Jio ,had boon 'tlib ? viotim of a sudden attuclc of vortigbi' Colonel' Blilke,. who vioitcd ' tho .poor' fellow, 'after . his acquittal, -was- shocked at the ohange whioli, lib ! ;eaw in hjs face. Froni- the;'ruddy ,gl6w\Of ! robusthealth- it liai given plaoo to at&rpso-lifee; pallor.' ' ^ ' Clj^or up; my * lad,' ? said ' tlib ' colonel ; '! jour singing got you , off so .well that timo j ' thrit J?? '''ill be wise to cultivate' the habit.' . ^Cploiipl,'' ho roplied,, 'I have to, thank you for,savirig:my oharabter; but there, will be no more singin^'fo'r me' in'-' this' world.'; 'TVhen that fiend,grmncd into iriy face lis'it'' paaBed, I lmcw that my -time had crmo.''''' Aiid.iii. spitpjOf tho. efforts of .hiB comrades ? So cheer him np,v arid 'torrid' htm of 'Ms'morbtd' inncies, tlio . man died witliip oight-and-forty . hour* — ariothor'viotiiris to the Tqwor ghost. ' ' ' Colonel Bluko was'nbver tlio samo man again. The impression created oh' him by tha events of that tirriblo nigjit nover quite woro'cjff, ond, added to the loss of his' wife, to whom lie was devoted, mado him a prematurely old man. To (ho day of hiB death, ho was most leluotant to 'spelik; of. tlio, Tower ghoef,' though, as . ho . -alwa,VB said, ho would nevor deny the thing -that, he liad' seen. -, . [Note. — Tho.ubove sfory. is a ,trua stqry,.iu whiob tlio nameB only of the persons cpnootuod have been suppreasod, Ita main inopcletjtn \vero known to tho lato Sir David BrowBter, who : communicatee} : them; to tho Jate Professor Gregory, in whoso work on '.(Animal Magne tism ' they are noted as' Case Gu.j' But it ia believed tliat ? lib' detailed 5 kccoiint 1 of ' ' the Tower Gl|oat bae be('riI:'yet jjublished. _ Bi only remains i o -'add ; that the origin' ' of 'this . i. — ^ .? . j , .. apparition is quito obsouro, and no probablo cjiuse for it has ovor .been assigned. Tho fatal results were, of bourse, due to simple terror, and not to any .destructive powor possessed by the apparition. It ia a curious fact in conribo^l lion with thiB ghost that its appearance wu(s I not identical to everyone who saw it : that whilo to somo it tnorely took the appearance of a mass of grey mist, to others, observing it at the Bame momont, it appeared as a fearful human form ; whilo otliors, again, wero unablo I to seo it at all. This has beon explained ;ia tho result of tho varying degree of ' seusitivenesa ' which is possessed by different persons, and by the different distances at which tho appoarance \ is seen, as well as by the deirree of ita intensity at a given moment. And, it. the absence iif any better explanation, this theory may perhaps bo accepted.] 