WBAT 1 SAW WHEN ON TIIE CONTINENT. [By R. C. A.] Heidelberh is charmingly situated in the valley of the Nieker, aud may be divided into four parts. Bcrgstadt, comprising tha houses between Kt Peter's Church and the Castle ; the Altstadt, uf which the church of the Holy Ghost tornis the centre ; the Vorstudt or suuuru, uctween tne umvursity *n-j railway station, and the Modern Quarter. Taking a stroll through the town from the Grand Hotel, we were first uttructod by the new post and telegraph office, a very handsome building of the Gothic and Italian styles. The decora tions are exceedingly fine, particularly in the vestibule. Turning to the right from the post office we entered the chesnut avenues of the Leopold Straese. On the right side is the beautiful Neptuns- Garten, and the former Agricultural Garden with the music pavilion. Promenade concerts are given here frequently. ThU part of the town is especially patronised by visitors, being adjacent to all the hotels and pensious. Here you meet a motley throne composed of townspeople, students. officers iu the army, and visitors from all parts of the world, both old and young. Like Brussels, Heidelberg is a particularly clean city ; sweepers are employed all day sweeping tbo footpaths, raking the streets. Benches are placed under the shadow of the trees, where one can rest himself at pleasure and almost fancy that he is in a park. The cele brated University founded in the year I3S6, etandB on the west side of the river. Still a great number of students flock to this univer aii-y, Mibiiuugt, imisiug a,u wicui uue wuulu think they practised the art of fencing more than their studies. There is a good story told in regard to the Heidelberg University' Several students who repeatedly failed to gain their diplomas in Edinburgh went over to Heidelberg and gained them in a very short time ; returning to Edinburgh they took up practice. The Edinburgh professors feeling rather annoyed, wrote over to their brother professors, saying they had an old horse in the stable, and if they sent it over would they provide it with a diploma ! The answer was they were extremely sorry they could not oblige, but if they had a few more ' aeees' just to send them over, Perhaps tlie chief attraction of Heidelberg to a great number of people is the great variety of lovely walks and drives. The most attractive however, is that to the ruined castle— the Alhambra of Germany. This castle waB commenced about 1200, and roughly speaking, took over 400 years to build, for no sooner was one portion com pleted than it was destroyed by war or fire. After 1619 nothing further was done than to repair the damage done. In 1689 it was utterly destroyed by the French. One portion usually called the shattered tower, was blown up and split in two, one half of it resisting the shock, while the other became detached and fell bodily to the ground. Turf now covers these ruins ; trees have sprung up on all sides, and sunlight fills the once gloomy vaults. In one of the vaults is a huge cask, called tbe Great Tun, capable of holding 50,000 galloDB of wine, It has been filled three times, but remained empty since the fire in 1764. Over tlie windows, the door ways, and mantelpieces are the remains of sculptures and moulding of exquisite work manship ; and the eye is bewildered by the profusion of arabesques, garlands of fruit and flowera, and flowers, acorns, bullock's heads, muzzled lions, with draperies of foliage, hold ini; rings in their teeth. In the various rooms are collections of bid china, paintings, and armory, tbat were once used by the in habitants of the Ccietle. Art had been busy for four centuries in raising and adorning these walls, but the ravages of war defaced them in less than two. The castle is situated at a great height, from which an extensive and attractive view may be gained, At the foot lies the town, and one standing in the shattered tower would imagine that if he tln-»w XL nfvina nvAr tha nro(-inif*R if wnnlii find its landing among the houses of the town. Further in the distance flows the dark waters of the Neckar, dotted here and there with many kinds of boats, and spanned by two bridges, one of quite recent date. Forming a back ground to this majestio scene is a low range of hills of vivid green, thrown out clearly by tbe bright blue sky behind. Ilifth o'er the vale the ponderous ruin hung Its maSBlve towers and airy battlements, By lightnings stuttered ; but tbe oternil sun Poured his rejuvenating beanie Over the antique Titan, Whose stark limbs were draped With living ivy ; all the boii;hta around With rustling woods were decked. Proceeding again by train to Baden-Baden, one of the fashionable watering places of Europe, being sheltered from the heat by the pine clad hlils of the Blaak forest, through whioh are many beautiful drives, one of which, leading up the hills to the 'Alt Schlass,' a fine old ruin kept in good order, at a height of 1600 feet, from which an expansive view is ontained. This forest is very grand indead, but still, from an Austra lian's point of view, I think he would prefer iis own native scrubs, Other places ol interest in the forest are the High Rooks, the Devil's Pulpit, the Roman Tower of Eder Bteinburg, or to the 'Favourite,' the Gram Duke's Chateau. Gambling has been abolished here since 1872. The celebrated Kurhaus, with its gardens, are briliantly illuminated with electricity in the evenings, making a favourite promenade, where concerts are given from 8 to 9.15 p.m. during the scanon. This city has on an average 40,000 visitors annually, and the season is at its height from August till October. Baden-Baden being a healthy resort tho people retire at an early hour, the majority being invalid! or oon valascent, who have bceu ordered there by their doctors to try the baths. We left for Bale by train, passing through Strasburg for the purpose of seeing the dock. This train is run so tbat it may arrive at Strasburg a little before noou, thereby allow ing passengers time to drive to the Cathedral to see and hear the clock strike 12 (noon). Ours, unfortunately, was delayed, but, how ever, wo did not lose this pleasure. Our guide knowing that if we remained In the train till it arrived at Sirasburg we would he a few minutes late, when we came to the junction outside the walls of the town, he looked cut, and happily for us, saw several carriages, and telling our party that imme diately the train stopped to lose no time in getting into them, which we did with great liaBte, all tumbling out and rushing across the station. Driving rapidly, we Boon arrived at the gates, where the sentinal demanded who we were, and what our business was. Our guide being well known simply put his bead out of the window, and we were allowed to paBS through without further interruption. When we pulled up at the Cathedral door the clock was on the first stroke, so we had the full benefit. This is a wonderful pieoe of mechanism, and the model that was ex hibited here a few yean ago was a faithful representation of it. The Cathedral is im posing, and the interior vast. It has some very fine stained-glosa windows ; one, some hundred years old, made of parchment, is quite equal to the glass ones, and cannot be discerned from them. In several places one sees marks of the war of 1870, several of the windowB, the organ and the pulpit being pierced with shells dur ing the bombardment of Strasburg. Two high and circular columns support the cupola of the Chancel, one of them being composed of a collection of very slender pillars, bearing some graceful statues finely carved, all the work of 'Sabina,' daughter of Erwin of 3teintiMnll flif- n,v-li,t-j-/*f Stnim 4-lian tlin authorities have placed a figure of the archi tect in the gallery in such a position that he appears to be criticising his daughter's work. A statue of Erwin of Steinbach and Sabina are placed on either side of the Bouth porch. In 'his part oi the country from Baden Baden to Bale we noticed crucifixes placed on the road sides, cross-roads, and even in tho fields. Bale, a very ancient town, built on the Rhine, is not a very interesting town to sightseers. There are some fine buildings, with a Museum, Zoological Garden, and Cathedral. (7b be contained). 