HTOiSEEOT MBW (FJWM 4 A ItOM£2v€£ OF TOJSPEiarS SOULIIE. ) That fee Recording Angel blotted ejtfc Wnm Ma tears the fines that he was compelted tirrs occasion to record agaiust Ctottueb JJreian m heaven's high chancery is highly rmprable. In the only known ca so of such lacniymw erasure the provocation to profcinitjf "was a < com raendable moral motive that w;?s eminently un selfish. But when Gottbob Brehel ©wore roundly in his native German nil the way trom the south-west otonerof Tompkhss-equare to the corner of Tiurd- sfcreet and tlw Bowery, ami from that point, when h® had tmrrsucteu tes business there, all the way buck t© the Gate Ruruberg, in Avenue B, Ms motives contd aot iu aiiy wise be regarded es moral, and ff»fisa- aess iay at their very root. Gottlieb alioady found hMffisa isTOtren fa sexiooa difficulties with the m any customers who bought his kbkuehen, few with tho departure <« Hans he had been canapefied t© fail feaok las earn resources, end with the aaslfemflBfeMto results. Great qaasrtttiea of Ida fficat jwj were returned to faznv, w&h; oaawwnte in te>fe High Gcsnaa and Low Gsnnttn «f a very «n- emnpimieiifeuy sort. His ceeond butksLg «av- Hig the relatively inconsiderable qnaaaferies «tm- eumed by the omnivorous dnldMH <rf St. Bridget's eehaol — simply rsamioed ttpsn feis hands unsold. And now, to make his _ hemiha- tion tho more eoniplste, here was his disehsmged assistant setting up as his rival, and with every probability that the attempted rivalry would be crowned with bugosSs. Really thore was_ sbino- thing, perhaps, to be K«d in pattiaiion of Gottlieb's psdfauity alter all. _ When he toki at home that ©veaimg of Kuhn's upstart preteiisioiw his ©ratenaents were received with an ominous gikaiee. Aunt Hedwig only coughsl slightly and continued her kmhiBg with more than usual energy. Herr Sokiistein only moved a little in his chair and pafted a little harder than usual at his pipe. Minna, who was ia her wire eage in the shop settling her eash, only- bent more astently over her books. But when Gottlieb went a step farther and said, looking very keenly at Hers Sohnetein as be ©aid it, that some great rascal must have lent Hans the money to make his line start, Aunt Hedwig at once inistied up and said, with emphasis, that rascals, neither great nor email, were in the habit of lending their money to deserving young awn; ana Herr Solmstein, a little sabepistihr, perhaps, and mumbling a little in his grey moustache, ventured the statement that tiiis was a free country already, and people hviag iu it were at liberty to lend their money to whom they pleased; and Minna, looking up from her book e — G cttliob'e hack was turned towards her — blew a most nnfilial kiss from the tips of her chubby lingers to Herr fcsohasteiu right over her father's shoulder ; all of which goes to show that something verv like open war had broken out in the Cafe jSirrnberg, and that the onca united family dwelling therein was fairly divided into rival camps. Gottlieb's dreary ease was made a little less dreary when he found that theiebknehen which Hans' produced in his fine new bakery was dis tinctly an inferior article — net much better, in fact, than Gottlieb's own. To any intelligent baker the reason for this was obvious ; Hans was making his lebkuchen with new honey cake. Thus made, even by the best of reeijies, it could not be anytiiing but a failure. Gottlieb gave a long sigh of relief as he realised this comforting fact, and at the same time thought of his great store of honeypote — there were hundreds of them bow — all ready and waiting to his hand. But hia feeiiug oi satisfaction passed quickly to impotent rage as he recognised hie own powerieBsness, for .all his wealth of honey-pots, to make letikuchen that would be eaten by any body but tho tough-palated children from St. Bridget'eschool. Hewas alone, smoking, in the little room back of the shop. ae this bitter thought came to him ; in his rage ho struck tho table beside him a blow eo sounding that tho family eat, peacefully slumbering behind the stove, sprang up with a-yell of terror, and made but two jumps to the open door. -Coming on top of all life other trials — the revolt of bis own little Minna, the defection of Aunt Hedvvig, , and tho almost open enmity of Herr Sohnstem — this compulsory surrender of all hia hope of honest fame was indeed a deadly blow. Gottlieb smoked on ia sullen anger, his heart torn ami tortured, and his mind filled with a confusion of bitter, evil thoughts. And pre sently — for tho devil is at every man's elbow, ready to take advantage of any sudden weak ness. or torn to his own purposes any too great strength — these thoughts grew more evil and more clear, until they fairly resolved themselves into the determination to steal from Hans the recipe for making lebkuchen, and so crush completely his rival and at the same time rorfeq certain his own fortune and fame. Of course the devil did not plant the notion of theft in Gottlieb's mind in this bold fashion r for the devil is a most considerate person, and ever shows a courteous disposition to spare the feelings of those whom he would lead into sin. Jfo; ho put the matter ingeniously as tho recovery on Gottlieb's part of his own stolen property! His logic was admirable; Hans had been Gottlieb's assistant; an«i as such Gottlieb had owned him and bis recipe es well. When Hans went away and took the recipe with him, he took that wmch still belonged to his master. Therefore, triumphantly argued the devil, Gott lieb had a perfect right to regain the recipe either by fair means 01 foul. And, finallv, as a bit of supplementary devil-logic, the though: was suggested that, inasmuch as Hans certainly i must know the recipe by heart, the mere loss of the paper on which it was written would not bo i any real loss to him at all. It is only fair to Gottlieb's good angel to state that during this able presentment of the wrong side of the ease he did venture to hint once or twice —in the feeble perfunctory sort of way that unfortunately seems to be characteristic of good angels when their services really ore most urgently required that tho whole matter might be compromise! satisfactorily to all the parties in interest bv permitting Hans to many Minna, and bv then taking him into partnership in the bakery And it is only just to Gottlieb to sfcato that to these faint-hearted suggestions of his good angel ho did not give one moment's hood. Now, the devil is a thorough-going sort of a person, and having planted the evil wish in Gottlieb's soul, he lost no time iu opening to hi an evil way to its accomplishment. When ffana a stranger in !N cw York, had oome to work at the Cafe Nurnbcrg, Gottlieb had commended him to the good gracesof a friend of his, a highly respect able little round Brunewiekcr widow who let lodgings, and in the comfortable quarters thus providedfor him Hans ever since had remained. In this same house lodged also one of Gottlieb's apprentices— a loose young fellow, for whoso proper regulation the widow more than once had been compelled to seek his master's counsel and aid. In this combination of circumstances, to which tho devil now directed Ms attention. Gottlieb saw his opportunity. It was easy to make the widow believe that the loose young apprentice had taken the short step from looseness to crime, and that a suspicion of theft rested upon hun so heavily a3 to justify the > searching of Ms room : it was easy to make th- widow, keep g»«« searched; and it was very caw to war<% not for imaginary etolengoods in the fee apprentice, net for that wahtmto from tho chest of As to opening tMrchest, tiierc wasnodiffiety atafl. (Sotttieb bad halt r dozen Numbei locks in bis house, end he had event proved correctly, upon making efoncofflieso. locks ser'reb« turu. Andin the chest, without miv trouble at all, he foond a leather wallet, and m the waBefc tlio precKms recirc. writ ton on parchment »s old Hign G«-- mantMtt be found veiv diJScaltto dated in Numberg In the year 11. was a« pale as death as ho weetedowinkaufs to the widow, and Ms tcoth f airlychattcred af told her that be had made a mistake. He to say thai the apprentieo was not a ttoe»— but the word sooamv stuck m biswiwat. ICeon fllnXls penetmted hiin as he almost ran through tho streets to his home-. For the devil, who heretofore had been m front «£ Jxa end had enly beekoaod. a ow was bekfed kim awl was drrviitff him with a »it good w.ti. When be eBteiwd the room at the back ©ftoe e& op, where Mrnua was sewing, and where Herr golmeteiR, with his ansa conifortabtv round Amit HedvrM's waist, was aaekmg fcislepg P1! created a «iv ef gmwfec alarm. As Aunt Hed- wig Tiy tealy md, Icrffed ccs had i>jb a ghost. Heir Sotestdn, cf a proe- tfel tarn of mintd, acd Mm ff k© Mid feoen knocked down end robbed | and tho wcTd. gsated most hsrshly upon Gettbeb's E ms. vbnt oat brm Best ©f all was the way ia which Minnss— forgetting all Ms late UR kindness at sight of his pale, fnghteived faco spsamg to hhn with open arm&, and with oil the old love in hvr voice asked hiin teteli bcr what had gone .wrong. Under these favevmi drtionSj'Gotfiieb's' good angel bStlirred mmself somewhat . vigorously, -and for a moment it seemed not impossible that light might triumph over wrong. But the devil bustled promptiy upon the scene, and, ef course, had things r11 ht« own way again in a moment. It eertasuly is most cntertuaate that good angels, a= a rule, are eo weak in tJieh angelic knees. G otthebpushed Minn a a way from him rough ry , addressed the impohte remark that ghosts were only seen by women and fools, in n surly tone informed Hcrx Siteietem that pcKcemca were still plentiful in the vicmiiy of TompkiiiE- frn&re;, and then, having plsiited thc?e barbed arrows in the bia-ets of his daughter, his sister, and bis friend, sought the rettesraent ef his own upper room. As he left them, Mhma. buried her face in Aunt HcdvrigV capseisus bosom and cried bitterly, and Aunt Hedwigalso cried ; and Herr Bohnstein, laying Rsde for the iHoment his pipe, put his arms preteethigly around tksxa both. Xhey all were very miserable. In the upper room, where the air seemed so etafiiBg that h® had to open ttie windoa wide in order to breathe, Gottlieb was very miserable, too. He was fioeing into Tpf lush, this tem porarily wicked baker : and just as fell out in the ease of thars ottier one who fied to Tarshish, his Sight was a failure ; for this Utile world ef ours is far too small to give anyone a chance to ran away from eoswaitted tin. Gottlieb tried to divert his thoughts from hia ; crime, and at the same time tried to reap its ra ward by studying the stolen recipe ; but Ms | attempt was not successful. The eraisped letters, brown with age on the brown parch ment, danced before his eyes ; and the quaint intricate High Gorman phraseology became more and more involved. He could make nothing of it at all. And the thought occurred to him that perhaps he never would be able to make anything or it — that, vritliout losing any i part of the penalty justly attendant, open his crime, the crime itself might prove to bs, so far as Hie practical benefit that ho eougnt was concerned, absolutely futile. As this dreadful possibility arose bsfoivj his mind, a faintuessand giddiness came over him. Tho room seemed to be whirling around him; life seemed to be slipping away from him ; there was a strange, t horrible ringing in Ms cars. He leaned forward over the table at which he was sitting, and buried hia face in his hands. Then, possibly, Gottlieb fell asleep, though of this he never felt really sure. What is quite certain is thathe saw as elearjy as he ever saw her in life his dear dead Mimia ; but with a face so sad, so reproachful, so full of piteous entreaty, that his blood seamed to stand still, while a consuming coldness settled upon hie heart. He struggled to speak with her, to assure her that he would repair the evil that he had done, to plead for forgiveness ; but, for all his striving, no ether words would eome to his lips save those which a littlo while before he had spoken so roughly to poor Aunt Hedwig: ' The only people who see ghosts are women and fools I' And then, of a sodden, he found himself still seated at the table, tho brown parchment still spread out before him, and the faint light of early morning breaking into the reonC The window was wide open, &e; he had left it, and ho was chilled to tho marrow ; he had a shocking cold in his head ; there were rheumatic twinges in all his joints he arose. What with the physical misery arising from these causes, and the moral misery arising from his sense of com mitted sin, ho was in about as desperately bad a humour with himself as a man could be. He was in no mood to make another effort to read the difficult German of the recipe, the cause of ail his trouble. The sight of it pained him. and ha thrust it hurriedly into an old desk, in which were stored (and these also were a source of pain to him) several generations of uncollected bills — practical proofs that the adage in regard to the impossibility of simultaneously possessing cakes and pennies does not always hold good! He locked the desk and pat the key' in his pocket, ana then returned the key to the lock and left it there, as tho thought occurred to him that the locking of this desk, that never in all the years ho had owned it had been locked before, might arouse suspicion. It seemed most natural to Gottlieb that his actions should be regarded with suspicion ; he had a feeling that already his crime must be known to half the world. And before night it certainly is tree that tho one person most deeply interested in the dis covery and punishment of Gottlieb's crime— that is to say, Hans Kuhn — did know all about it, which fact would seem surprising consider ing how skilfully Gottlieb had gone about his work, were it not remembered that his unwitt mg accessory had been the little round Bruns- wicker widow, and were it not known that littlo round widows— Brunswick born or born else where — as a cias3 are iuoapable of keeping a sccrcr© ® TMs excellent woman, to do her . justice, had followed Gottheb s orders to tho letter. He had warned her not to tell the loose apprentice that his chest had been searched, and, so far as that apprentice was concerned, wild horses nughv have been employed to drag that little round widow to pieces— at least she might have permitted the wild horses to ba hitched UP Jo her— baforc ever an indiscreet word would have passed her lips. But when Hans j ? ' whom she entertained a high respect, and for whom she bad also that warmly fnendlv feeling which trim middle-aged widows not seldom manifest toward good-looking vouns- men, came to her iu a fine state of wrath, and told her that his clieet had been ransacked (he did not tell her of hisjoss, for he had not him- " -elf observed it), she did not consider that she violated any ecrnfidenej. m telling him ev ttlhigdhut hadccuired. It was all a 1 I shosahl; (lie iaterr Brcksl had gone J wron room t shozcust set tho matter fl enoc ; that fed young mm might he a 8 aitorall. Bfans felt a chill T»un S himal tho widow's words. But he «oni r05S 1 himaelf so weR th.it she did not suspect m ward perturbation ; and she accepted in w seod farth hie offer to inform ttie HesrBjj8': m his crtvor its shedid a. day later Jiia assiifjn |l that tho irmttar had baen satisfactorily I and the innoeenee ef the appnanfiee S I been prerved. 1 And then Hans returned to Tiis violaW "h« i and found flrat the dread which had assa lie 1 b'' 1 eoul was founded in substantial 1 recipe was gone ! In itself fha loss oi ijj,; S was no vsry great mattes, for he iuew j't 'f! I heart ; but Chat GottlicU - who jiad aho a % 1 full of rich old honqy-enke— should have 1 of it was a deq>erate matter itule; I Here instoatSy was xtn end to foe hoj-,e J | exicoeabful rivaltx thai Hans had I tho vasdk «£ his Jack in Lb \ | eceracd to 1 'a hi fee shock «$ hb hiisitr. tuny, «wuy to fragmeTirs to the four vinis | heaven wsa ccattered ©vcay v«stig« «>f 1 befity that he would have lack in 1-ov.-., o raddcaly «enfwirrted with a toiKp&uid; | eatastreq»twi so everwiieimtrjg, e\en 1 baker than Sans Kuhn very woB niigk; | been tor a tune aghast. | But as his wite riowly «ame together ajaa I Hans joeiTed ttiart tfee game vski? not jiy any | means bet, after «tH ; <m the contrary, it lcoke4 ' vmy much at though ho had it piettywAi! in hi© t r own hands. Gottheb was u thief 3 and idi that t " was needed to complete ftio chrrin m cvi htice 1 egaroehim was bs iirGt, baking of leb f lie:; | : for that as dearfy would prove him to .ba is I ! possession of the stolen recipe as tiy> | widow -could tell would psovo that, hehvi | created for himself an opportunity to ? ' I Tlf« most, agreeable way t>f winning a | htw is not by force «f -threatening to bale Idnit® ? a police- cotivfc, Imt it is letter to win ft3t \ way than not to win him at all, Hars tlieinlit ; and he thougiit also that this was on-: ei tht occasions whoa it waa quite justiiiahlc to rigV I tho dovil with fire, fte his spirits ktsc. :u;c hov i he longfidfar. w ©figeriy as in tho first moments of his loss he had dreaded, the prolueli'-n oi such lebkuchen at the Gate Nurnbcrg voul$ jrreve the prcquietor of that highly ic-q, e-cLible estabhshment to be neither more nor k-ss than a robber. Hnr.s was both annoyed an d sm a « tia» passed or, and the cakes sucealeut lint tory ' were not forth coming from oven. He himself went en making factory lelAnuhen of bad materials by a good formula, and Gottlieb eontinuetl to iii iIcue satisfactory lebkuelure by a bad formcia of the bcwtmat45rkils, Ortlw>dox German palates found nothing to commend nnd much t j repro bate ia both results. This was tlie riin.eJ> .iifGr several weeks. Hans could not uiiib rtand it at all. The subject was a delicate one to t road to Minna during their short but blifsfol inicr- j views about desk in the «entil fastn j-os oi I Tompkins Square, a-t which iuterviews Ar.ct Hod wig wbiked and Herr Sohii stein opniy con nived by keeping watch for them against Gottlieb's possible appearance; for Ilanskad deteiininea until he had positive prr-:: i> npion he wouhl keep secret, and most of a!! froia Miuna the dreadful fact oi her father'" aime. Therefore did he remain in a etatc very harrowing unoertaimty, with his i ';m el campaign completely brought to a etnvA During this j>eriod a heavy cloud huneovtr the €:ito Nurnbcrg. Gottlieb came frfuliy to his meals, and when he did come ate almost nothing. Bach day he grew more and mora morose ; each night, wheu two Aunt Hedwig was not kept awake by Ber own sorrowful thoughts, her slumber s were broken by ho-trinr her brother pacing heavily the floor <;! tire ad joining room. Iu soiue sort he made up tor his loss of steep at night by sleeping of an'o vniiiu? in the little room back of the shop, falling into restless naps (when ho ehofild have bii rest- fully smoking his long pipe), from wiiich li( would wake with a start, and sometime" with a cry of alarm, and would dart furtive, Imrriiied glances at Aunt Hedvvig and Herr Sf-luicteiD, Who were doing nothing of a horrify iii nature, only sitting cosily together, more or loss enfolded in each ether's arms. It was a l.tilv inconsidorato ou the part of the lover?, a&l; very hard on Minna, this extremely open Icvc- making, for Minna's love-making ncoe??arJy was by fitful suabdies amidst the bleak <io?ola- ttons of Tompkins cquase. They woul d try to comfort <Ach other, she and Hans, a- they stowl cheerlessly under the chili ke ui the music-stand ; but their outlook wua u dreary one, and their efforts in this direction were not crowned with any great- success. Son? times as Minna came home ag:«in along the w\>t side or the square, and saw in Spenglers window the wreaths of liighly artificial immortelles with Hp wonl Ehue' upon thorn in vivid purpio Jotters, she would fairly fall to crying over the theughr that until she should become a fit subject for such a wreath there was small chaim th;tt any real rest would be hers. However, ull this is aside from t>. ttiiob"? horrified k>f)ks as be waked from his Trouble! slumber;® — looks whicli would disappear as h? became thoroughly aroused, but only to return . again after his next uneasy nap. One day startled Aunt Hog wig by asking her if believed iu ghosts. Itemembering M? sorer-? froijls in condemnation of her casual reterenco to these sapernatuml lieinga, it was with senis hesitation that she replied' that she did. Still more to her surprise. Gottlieb turned away from her hurriedly, yst not eo hurriedly but that she saw a strange, scared look upon Ms fare, heard a low and trembling voice reply, ' And so do I. And now tho fact may as well be admitted frankly that a ghost was tho disturbing element that- waa making Gottlieb's life go wrong - that, aa there seemed to be every reason to befiete, was hurrying him towards the grave; for « middle-aged German who refuses to cat, whosp regular sleep forsakes him, and who actually gives up smokiiig, naturally cannot be c xpeetcd to remain long in this world. It was the ghost of his dead wife. At firit she appeared to him only in his dream?, stand ing beside the desk in which he had placed the stolen recipe for making lebhuchen, and holding down the lid of that desk with a firm l®| diaphanous white hand. Presently she appeared to him quite as dearly in his waking hours. Hff face still wore an expression at once tender &n;» reproachful, but every day the look of tender ness diminished, while the 1 x»k of reproach grew stronger -and more ®tern. Each titne that M sought to open the desk that ho might tafcj thence the recipe and make his crime a practical business success the figure assumed an air terribly menacing that his heart faiicd hiui, and he gave over the attempt. This, then, was the all-sufficient reason whV tho gpod lebkuchen that would have prortt Gottlieb a thief was not for sale at the Ow Niimberg, and this was the reason why Got»l®B himself, broken down by loss of food and and by tho nervous wear and tear incident to forced companionship with any angry gh®b was drawing each day nearer and nearer to dark portal through which bakers and all otoe? people pass hence into fee shadowy res100 whence there is no return, I fkitflicb Brekel never had been an especially I "s urm. Asbecame a reputable German he had paid regularly the rant of a, pew. I the Church of tha Redemptiomst Fathers in Third street, hut, excepting on such high feasts Christmas and Easier, he usually had been intent to occupy it and to discharge his Sihnous duties at large vicariously. Aunt I TTpIvvi""'? bonnet invariably was the most rdlHutfT conspicuous feature of the entire' rnncWtion. just as the prettiest face in the nrire congrs5»tion invariably was. Minna®, but now that Gottlieb was confronted With a rirituftl difficulty it oc-cured to him that, ho | advantageously resort in his extremity £ tpiritual aid. He had no very dear notion how the aid would be given ; he. was not even | ' r as to how ho ouiht to set about asking for i it uvl vfa troubled by ths conviction that : in'0r Jer to obtain it he must not only repent of 1 « sin, but must make atonement l>y restitution -a ."possibility (for the devil siill hada good „p0U him) that made him hesitate a. long while before he set about purchasing ease for his conscience at so heavy a material cost. However, his good angel at last managed to pluck up some courage — it waa high time — and strengthened by this tardily given assistance, he ltook himself ra search ot consolation within church Willie- „ # . ..! The Church o£ the Ke demptionist Fathers is a Very bcsutiful church, end at all tiviCs — save through the watohee of the night and through i oneuii '-dsv heur — its doore stand hospitably 0i>en\ sileutlT inviting poor sinners, weary and . he ivr liidsii with thoir sins, to enter into the cairn or its quiet holiness, and there find rest. Tab, slender pillars uphold its vaulted roof, in , be erainings of which lurk mysterious shadows. ; Movr, a warm, rich light comes through ths s-ained-dast windows, whereon are pictured the ( bWs:d St. Atehousus Maria de Liguori, founder cf"thc- ttedomptionist Congregation, blessedly 3?tni.:Ln'T ths chuhby-foced choristers; and j Ike vcn wabla Clement Hofbauer, 4 primus in cJmvuia' of the Redeinptiouists. all in his 'black, f awn, kneeling, praying-, no doubt, for the out cast German souls, for the saving of which he worked so hard an.1 so well ; and (a picture that Mhrua d:-arly loved) St. Joseph and the sweet Vir; in an t' the little Christ child fleeing together through the dc-sert from the wrath of tu King, An. l arranged around the vails on aerobes high, aloft are statues of various minor saints and of the Twelve Apo.-rd.g or which Minna's favourite was Matthias because this .saint, with his high forehead lending toward baldness, and his long grev b 1 and grey hair, and his kindly face, rr., even the axe in Lis hand (that was not im- i 3iko a 1) doer's peel) made her think always of ! her dear father. The pew that Gottlieb paid for so regularly, and so irregularly occupied, I was i m-r beneath the statue of this saint, which, however, .gave Minna less pleasure than would have been hers had not the next saint in the row been tha Apostle Simon, with his drc-adiiu saw. It must- have hurt so horrible to be sawe i is two, she thought. In the dusky depth; of the great chancel gleamed the white marble ei the beautiful altar, guarded by St. Peter with his keys and St. Paul with his naked two-edgim;wcrd; and above the altar was the ilea 1 Christ of Cavalry, with His desolated mother and the despairing Magdalene and St. John the divine. Int'" : his beautiful church it was that Gottlieb, I 'd thkher by his good angel, entered ; and the devii— rosing in the terrible but impotent foshfo'i that w habitual with devils when they see .diy- 'iug away from their snares the souls whirr, they hid thought to win to wickedness — of e--nrse was forced to remain outside. But what iceHugs of keen repentance filled this .poor sinning biker's hoart within that holy piaro. what good resolves came to him, what h'ght ;:n l refreshment irradiated and cheered Lis darkened, harried soul — all these are things which belter may ho suggested here than written out in fall. For these tilings are so real, ; » ; i.-red, and so beautiful with a heavenly beauty, that, they may not lightly be used for do ova live purposes in mere romance. Lot if -'inloe. then, to tell — for so is our poor human riun put together that trivial conimon- plaiMia V;? often exhibit most searehingly the cliar.gvs for good or for evil which have come to pass in on? inmost souls — that Gottlieb, on rehnmi.m to the Cafe Nuraberg, ate a prodigious dinner. :m i after his dinner, for the first time in a fortnight, smoked a thoroughly refreshing i'"e Uvar hie pipe and his dinner he was silent, man: te-ting, however, a sortofsfeeapishuessand constraint that were not less strange in the eyes of A net Hedvrig and Minna than was the sudden revival n i his interest in tobacco and food. As he smoked, a pleasant thought came to liim. When he had knocked the ashes from his pipe Letriieiiri Minna, surlily, to bring him lii&hat; cud his coat ; he must pay a visit to that rascal bohnetein. he said, and bo went out. He left the two women lost in wonder ; and - Aunt j ilelwlg, because of his characterisation of her near riohnstein as a rascal, disposed to weep. And ym. -otnehow, they both felt that the storm vra-s i-r tkiag, and that clear weather was at hand. There was nobody in the shop just then, - ami lb-, two, standing behind the rampart of frc-slil v-V. uked cakes that was high heaoed upon the Co- nit or. embraced each other and mingled tear;, which they knew — by reason of the v. onin:ily instinct that was in them — were tears C'l .107. And that very evening the prophecy of happi- u: 3- that was in their .joyful sorrow was happily Grttilb did not return to the Cafd Kurriberg v.ntn after tone o'clock. With him came Hot bohnstcin. They both were very grave and frdemb yet both exhibited a most curious twinkle- scmc-no.-i in their eyes. Neither Aunt Hedwig 1\. or 'Minna could make anything of their strange mood ; und Aunt Hedwig was put to her tramps, completely when she' wa3 sure that she saw her brother —who was whispering to Heir Sohii- ftem d-.diind the pie-counter — poke tlie notary in tho libs. As to tie joint chuckle at that moment of those mysterious men there could Le no doubt ; she heard it distinctly. Still further to Aunt If edwig's surprise, for Lie I :j I N urn berg never closed before 10 c; ck»rk , ? nd usually remained open mueh later, Gotilit v, himself began to put'up the shutters j mid whim this work was- finished he came back mto the shop and locked behind him the doulde r0Qt door. Almost us he turned the key there a knock outside, as though Homebody ac tually bad been waiting' in the street for "the teg nal that the closing of the shutters gave. 'Another rascal would come 111 already, Sohn- f tern,' said Gottlieb, gruffly, 4 Open for him, l,utlock the door agaiu; I must go upstairs.' Gottlir-.b, with a queer smile upon His face; left" tne little back room:. and a moment later M5tma uttered a cry of surprise, as Herr Solmstein un- ,'Cked the door and her own Tiana entered the FP 'Ahat, she thought, could all these uders mean ? As tor Aunt Hedwig, she had funk dowa in her big axmtehair, hcr.bright- ('lack cr t's seemed, to be fairly starting from, her head. 1 1 err t;jlm stein locked ths door again, as- ho had been ordered to do,. and then brought Hans t hrougli the shop and into the littlo back room. Hans evidently was not a party to the jnystery, Wiatcver the mystery might be. He looked at hliruia as wouderingly as she looked at bim, sua he was distx'essingiy ill at case. But there tIiem questions; ns entered the room from the shop, it. In his hand. Gottlieb .. held the brown, old parchment on which the Itf v n ?& was Litton; theeinile had ; itrvrte JaC8' yas very pale. For a momeufc , ttero was- au awkward pause. Then Gottlieb, toembling a httle as he walked, crossedthe room to were Hans stood, and placed thepareh- mcpt m rns hands. And it was in ;i trembling, broken voico that G ottlieb said : - . ? Huns, a most wioked mail lia vc ' I been. But my aead Minna has helped me, and here I gie again to you what I stole from yotir chest — d, wko-iras-a robber.? Then Gottlieb covered histacdvdh his hands, and between his boar knuckles there was a sparkle : of tears. : a.ly own deaf father ! said Minna, and hep i arms were around him, and her head was pressed close upon his breast, ,, ! My oivn good, brother, yon could jiot be a taiof . said Aunt Hed\rigf and so saying, ciasped her stout arms around them both; v Af y good old friend; all now ia rightagaiu,' .said Herr Sohnstein, who then afteoted to put his arms around the three, butTsaily embraced only Ann t Hedwig. However, there was - Quite enough of Aunt Hedwig to fill even Herr Sahnstein'a losg arms ; and ha made the average of his. one-third, of a-a embrace all right, by bestowing it with a throe-fold energy; The position of Hans as he regarded this aflectionitoly writhing group (that was not unauggestive of the Laocoon, with .a new motive, a foorih figure, a commendable addi tion of draperies, and a conspicuous lack of serpents), would have been awkward under any circumstances ; and as the circumstances were sufficiently awkward to begin with, he was. very much embarrassed indeed. To Aunt Hed wig's oredit be it. said tnat she was the first (after Minna, of course, and Minna could not properly act in the premises) to perceive his forsaken condition. Come, Hans, said the good Hedwig, her voice shaken by emotion -and the., tightness of - Herr Sohnsteia'B grip about the waist. You had better come, Hans,', added Kerr Sohustcin, jollily. Will you come, Hans, and forgive me F Gottlieb asked. But it was not until Alinna said, very faintly, yet with a heavenly sweetness in her voice, ' You may como, liansl' that Haas actually, came. And then for a while there was such hearty embracing of as much of the other four as each of them could grasp that, the like of it all for goodwill and lovingncss never had been seen -in a bakery before. And Gottlieb's good angel exulted greatly ; and the devil, who had lingered about the premises in the hope that even at the eleventh hour the powers of evil might get the better of the powers ot good, acknowledged hi; defeat with a howl of bafiied rage and fled away in a blue flame and a flash of lightning; that made the waters of the East Biver (which stream lie was compelled to Vade, thanks to General Newtown, who took away his stepping stones), fairly hiss and bubble. And never did ha dare to show so much as the end of his wicked nose in the Cafe Namberg agam ! 4 But you will not take front me this little one, my daughter, Hansr' Gottlieb asked, when they had somewhat disengaged themselves. You prill come aud live with, us, and be my partner, and together we will mako the good lebkuchsn once more. Is it not so F Hans found this a trying question. He looked at Herr Sohnstein doubtfully. 4 All,' said Herr Sohnstein, 4 you mean that a very hard-hearted money-lending man has hired a shop for you and has made it the most splendid bakery and the finest restaurant 011 the East Side, eh? And you are afraid that this man. this old miser rn.au, will keep you to your bar gainings, already F Ilans gave a deprecating nod of assent. 'Well, my boy Hans,' Herr Sohnstein com tinued, with great good humour, and sliding hia arm well around Aunt Hedwig's generous waist as ho spoke — ' well, my boy Hons, let, ins ted you that that bad oid nnser man is not one- half so bad. as you think. Do you remember that when he had a garden made upon the roof of that fine bakery, and you told luni: that -to make a garden there was to waste liis money, what he said ? Did ho not say that if . he. made . the garden God would send the flowers? And when that fine, sign waa made with 4 Niirnberg Bakerei' upon it, and you told him. that to take the name of i> umber g was not fair to his old friend, did he not toll you that with his old friend he would settle that matter so that there should be no broken bones ? For did he net know already that for these five years past it has been the wish of Gottlieb's heart to leave this old bakery — where hi lease, ends this very coining May — and have just such & new, fine bakery upon the square as now he and. you will have ? Ah, this bad oid miser man is not afraid but his miser money will coine bxcx to him again, .and he is not such a fool but that ho had faith" in his good friend Gottlieb, and knew that all would end well. And now truly all will be happiness; for Gottlieb, who lias gained a good son,, can spare to ine -this dear lied wig. his eiater, and he will come to church with us and ; gee us all married in one bright Aunt Hedwig looked up into HerrSohnstein's face as he ended this long speech — not so fine,, perhaps, but certainly much more moving than any thai he ever had madeia Hie criminal courts — and .with her eyes filling with happy tears, said to him, e Aud it is to you that we owe it,, thisliappiness. ' . - But Herr Sohustein's face grew grave and his voice grew reverent as he answered : 4 It is not .tome, Redwig. We owe our happiness to the good God who has tekeu away the evil thafc was in your dear -Gottlieb's heart.' They all were very quiet for a little space, and upon the silence broke tha sweet sound of the jdoqkcbdl in. the near-by church-tower. When the last stroke had sounded Herr Soha- steiu spoko again, and in hia customary jolly !-tone : 4 As for these young ones here, we will unlock the doorand let them walk out arid look for a little at the music-stand that they love so well in the square. And. Hedwig shall ait b side ine whue wo smoke our prpes, Gottlieb, eh? Itris a long time already, old friend, since you-andll -have, sat together and smoked our pipes.'— Hiya KrHir,iti Bktrper 's Weekly. 'Tiiu al>out wive3,' said Farmer Hawbuck, « lve got one wife in a million. Why, she gits up in the mornin', milks seventeen cows, and gets breakfast for twenty h&rd.; woririn' men before six o'clock, by gum.' 4 She most be a very robust woman, Hawbuck,' rcmarked cue 'of his- bearers. 4 On the contrary,' put in the farmer ; 4 she is pate and delikit like. Gosh, ©f that woman was strong, I diinuo what work she couldn't do.' 