City Chat. BY THE- FARCEUR; . Old 1888.has passed away for ever, and so far ns . its political history is concerned it was born, it Jived, and it died in an atmosphere of jobbery. Passing over minor matters we have had the Circu lar Quay property purchase scandal, the Tramway leasing swindle. and, as a fitting wind up, we have . , the Hornsby and Holt- Sutherland dodgerv, which JS perhaps the most vile smelling of the lot. Some time ago, Messrs. Treasurer Burns, B. B. Smith and George Withers secured this property at a triflin" \- cost, and then they determined in the most philan" thropical spirit to subdivide it so as to suit small purchasers, and thereby do something towards settling the people on the land. Before doing- this, however, they determined to fix the place un properly, and they did it too, for what was once a howling wilderness, is now a perfect Paradise. A magician s wand has been passed over the land, *na people say that the magician's name is John Janyuwery..£)avie3rC.M.G., M.L.C., C.C.L.B. &c.; ?who kindly came out of the seclusion of his' Ooonanbarra hat for this occasion only. AVlien the unemployed trouble was in full blast, John came:forward, at once, and in his own generous hearted mariner, offered to .boss the Casual 'labour Board >vhieh was then started. To this day the public does not know whether John receives a fixed , .-salary,or trusts to testimonials, and the like, but it ia dead certain that thousands of pounds of the people s money have passed through his hnnds, and ; where it all wcat^to will require some -explanation. . c~- Bmith-Withers property that inquisitive people be . gftn 2®^ ?nd®sjraWe questions, and the result was that a select committee was appointed by Parliament to inquire into the business. This com .' wi ,las 3U/fc Pfpduccd its report, and a nice breezy piece of reading it is too." Tortion of this To . trh^®p®?"lbc- Porisby property 'belong Ptl above illustrious trio about 4 miles of vJa£ej.n?k on^7 been cleared, grubbed, and 0 metalled, culverlcd and drained at the public expense, and at a cost of £2,300. The ' . I:, - *1?, is even in a more flourishing , -5°"^ ll°n> £{? ^®.r°ISr5 says f ^here are 43 miles of roads traversing the Holt-Suthcrlarid estate, and al most the whole of them have been as well and per fectly made as any road in the Botanical Gardens. ihey , are perfect carriage drives; One road now being made was cut through solid rook. It could . ,not;haye/cost less than £500. and it merely leads to a small fishing box owned by Mr. Fred. Want. And; while this superior description of work lias been done on private lands the Crown Lands in their vicinity have been altogether neglected: nothing whatever having- been done uponi the site j,L0XI0na trades at Kurnel, although this was one of the properties originally intended to be improved by the unemployed." - - .>???-. . , It is_ admitted by one of Burns trio that their ^ become enhanced to the value of £10,000 by the work of the » unemployed," and an other fact worth noting is that the cost of the roads at Hornsby, including the Government subdivision, was nearly £7,000, whilst this Government subdi ^sion realised only £1,3°° at a'recent sale. The t ,-tlolt- butherland property- proprietors, nianv' of whom are well known in the political world, have . had a still greater throw in, and on the whole quite a lovely little game appears to "have been worked. * * * . . - -^yonl the start Mr. John Davies appears to liave pretty, well constituted , the whole of the Casual Labor Board1 himself, for tlio Committee's report ' to the evidence, the Casual t ,. ^Labour Board, in initiating its works, has transacted its business in a loose and' reprehensible mariner, u altogether .- too .much powei* and authority to-its chairman. No. minutes of meet have.been kept since the first month ; no audit , Of its accounts has taken place ; arid the chairman <(meamng_ the oleagenous John), has authorised a , '.number of roads to be made of which the professional members of the Board were, absolutely ignorant." John apparently ran the wholo, show himself with out raising the slightest suspicion, and yet some people foolishly ask, " If Parkes died to-morrow where could we get a man to take hisplace?;1 -i John can fc spell, but give him a spell in a fine fat billet ? ,'liko chairmanship of the Casual Board fand: lie iwill {. I . leave a:record-calculated to make the smartest of us sit up and howl with admiration. j * .# * | ' i A-few excuses have been put ^forward by Burns . Smith-Withers, but they are altogether too Attenu ated and won't laundry-or wash. First of! all, , Cocky Burns rises to observe that . they generously ? gave the Government the lands for the roads free gratis, for nothing. This was very kind, of,.course, ..but then the estate could not possibly have been Bli°dividcd to advantage without forming a number >,V.Pf ®.® roads, so that tho trio simply made a virtue of necessity. Then again it is urged'that' the road making was started merely to give labor to! the ; unemployed. That rooster won't combat either ; for . the Crown funds could afford plenty of employment, and besides Bums & Co. actually commenced to -; moke several of tho roads before the unemployed were thought of at all. The worst part of (the racket is that although Premier Parkes never rested when the Milburn Creek swindle was exposed until he had hounded Messrs. Garrett and Baker out of office, branded with .' the red hot brand of shame," still he lias done all lie could to smother this report on the Hornsby affair, and even now declares, in face of the evidence of men like Mr. Oliver, Railway Commr., and Mr. Deering, Metropolitan and Coast District Surveyor, that " there's nothing in it."; It is not likely that the long- suffering public will be bluffed so easily this time, and it would surprise no one to hear that the Government had collapsed over the affair, for it is rumored that Mr. Brunker is disgusted with the game, and so John Davies may, for the second time, bring about the downfall:of his patron Parkes. i * # # - j Onlhe whole we spent a quiet ChristmM time ; and this reminds me that owing to a ^.typographical .error" (fine old institution that), my weather pre diction for the holidays went all astray.; I wrote have lovely mornings, glorious; days and balmy nights ; but owing to the typo, error and an accident to the machinery, and the exciterrient attendant on poultry slaughtering, &c.;, the prophecy came out11 rain, hail and snow." However, even that wasn't much worse than the tips our sporting scribes gave us, and it is much more difficult to1 tip tho weather than a race. Our Band wick meets were great successes in every way and, " sweets to the sweet," the aristocratic Hon. James White won both the Carrington and Lady Carrington aristocra tic states, with the aristocratically named Plutarch and Rudolph. People speak of the Hon. James' . wonderful luck, but there is no luck at all about it. Ho pays the highest price for the best Cattle; has them trained at the best, secures the best jockey to be found, and consequently all the plums of the 'pudding fall to his share. Money begets -money not a doubt of that, and luck is only another name for'perseverance. 'I,; * # # On the sprinting track McGarrigal's double win proves him to be a clinker, but the wonder of the age is still Charley Samuels. And this' reminds me that way up in the Lachlari district! a . certain squatter has in his employ a black fellow named Tommy who is credited'with being smart enough to run all day long beforo ; breakfast. A few weeks ago Tommy's boss backed hiiri toriina local ped. who had a good 100yds record, but Tommy simply walked over him all the way. The local man declared l:e was not satisfied with his " doing " upon which 'J'tfmmy good naturedly replied, " All ri'-me do'im again for you." A second match was then made but on the morning before the flutter Tommy's boss went to him and said, " Look. here Tommy, I want you to lose that race to'-morrow mind that now. You lose it nicely and I'll give you .*"ft lV1 "n M i11 T| my-'n," rn[iiii-r tjie pther ; " Baal Tommy win 'im this*time." * #. * On the day ot the race the money went on Tommy in hat fulls, but the most extraordinary payt of tlie'affair was, that while there were plenty roady to back-Tommy a select few seemed just as anxious to lay against him. The race was started indue time ; Tommy led from the jump,' add the -other fellow was ncvoi able to get within cooey of 0f him. Then there WHS u rowrnliat -reminded the oldest inhabitant of the battle of Waterloo. The winners danced, and stood on their heads with de light. and swore Tommy was the whitest man in world, while the losers' went scowling round curs ing every colored man that lived since the days of Ham. Finally they went for Tommy's boss, but lie declared he had been put in the hole as well. When things cooled down a trifle, however, the squatter led Tommy off by the ear to read over the Riot Act to him but the darkie who was then cream colored with fear flopped on his knees aud exclaimed, " Mc bellee solly, Mass'r, but by gosh I couldn't help him. I meant to lose fus' rate, but as soon as that pfellcr say'off' Tommy's .legs-jump up and bolt right away with him." The pity of it is that most other peds. have far more control over their " travellers " than Tommy had. ? # * Hartley is to have a little " ocsidement" of its own soon, for its member Mr. John Hurley lias been compelled to travel up " King-street," and of course his seat has become .vacant. The lionr lias therefore arrived, and the man happens to be a "Boy the celebrated " Boy Politician " from the Cabbage Garden. He lias long and patiently waited for this chance, and if there is any grit in the Protection party they will pop him in. Any way. I'd like to see liiiri slide into a scat, for it would be '-utterly impossible for him to be any worse than three fourths of those who now mis represent us, and once lie got settled down to his stride neither McKlhorie nor David - Buchanan would have the ghost of a show against him.' He will certainly be a great addition to the Protection ist rank, for lie has all the arguments: for that causelon the tip of-his tongue, and I am told that as an orator he is asecend Demosthenes with all his, hair on. Poor old Mr. Speaker has a decidedly sick time of it lately, and I am, seriously afraid that: if he hears the bad " Boy " is elected, he will rollSiyer and die on the spot. * * * . j Ireland is credited with boing tliehomc of " bulls " but it is very seldom we come across such a pure bred , one a this. The hero is one of the shady witnesses on the Times-Parnell Inquiry Commission, and it appears this dainty daisy was drinking in a London pub. with a countryman, who was also a "witness for the Times, .when an altercation ensued, and the countryman fired a revolver at his friend, who bobbed his head and thereby saved his life. ,The shooter was arrested, and at the trial the plain tiff; on being aslced whether he played the coward when challenged to fight.'admittcd that he had run awayj but" shrewdly added " Begorra it's bctther to ?be'a coward for four minutes than a dead man all your, life time." Which recalls the story of another Irishman |who being asked why he cleared so quickly from the battle of Bull's Run promptly iroplied,"Faith thinV the men that didn't run is' , there yet, and divilish loikely to stay there too.'' .,, ,The Hon. W. H. Suttor has struck the novel idea that by way of. a change it would be a first-rate thing to hold an occasional religious service to pray for a drought. He very shrewdly points out that droughts are sometimes quite, as necessary as rain is, inasmuch as they teach us Balutory lessons of providence and economy ; that they sweeten and .enrich.our earth,. by the rest' they give and the '.chemical effect of tlie sun's rays upoii it; that they' ! secure healthy conditions to both'; men and animals. -For'itwo -years ending last February: our. rainfall was excrasive.V In 18S6 we^never had -sucli ciops. They were'all spoiled -by /excessive wet. In 1887 similar rains,'similar ^results. . The country became' covered with rank, unwholesome vegetation. Our animals with green ,grass, up. to their knees were sickening from .intestinal parasites and footrot; and other diseases were beginning to kill them in hund reds.1, Fortunately the dry winter cheeked ; all: jthis;.;'.' There is no 'getting awiiyfrorn. Mr.; Suttor's arguments, but if we are' going to extend our relig ous services in this style it wilL soon be necessary to hold 360 Sundays every year. " I doubt if this rain-praying- business will ever bo decisively settled, for ;! find1.that' tlie Revd. Joseph ;Hay,. of tlie Elsternwick Presby^nan Cliurcli, Mel ? bourne,- on ascending his i pulpit a few Sundays ago, annttifneod' .thftt he ' had ' been requested by :tlie . Presbytery toprayfor rain, but'lie added he had no . intention of- complyiug.'with ;th'at,rcquest.' He re garded it as"1 -little- short: of.dmpious' that.the Lord should"b'e MTcod ;to."upset,the natural order of things ' to oblige .an improvident people! i; Some countries, had less" rain i than Australia, a.nd| the inhabitants there had to putj by .sqmeth'ing-T-not for a rainyibut for. a,",dfy~day;; ".Thiswas 'trumping Mr. Suttor's !ca,rd. without knowing'anything'of the latter's play!-; ibut tlici reyd.' gcntleman hit harder; home;when he 'saidiif people'would; through avarice: or thoughless .n'e?sV:>nsis,t :uppn"grazing five sheep where only|one r8honid»-be^ibey:.mu8t expect' to*bear the burden wh'enCo'vil days; came; andrtlie pastures were burnt brown and bare.~r\V,hen.Athe;unfed and unwatered sheep, dying^inVtheiriKundreds and thousands, bore", mute and tefrilile testimoriy!to the improvidence of; the Australian 'people.y^I jpresumo the Rev. Mr. Hay will get the run atterHhat, but there is a heap of' tfuthMn what he'says for "all that., ; ? ,'V "? ,V';> .::ibur Mr.':Peter Jackson:lias again carved his name bn;the';blazirig.:'sb'r6n.; of! fame,',.'atid; also; left! his ftfktk'bn^d:Ehi^^,qf^oe^^ttiiffe,''tTip [champion "ofAho Pacific Slope, iifteriaihard^tussle of 2 -To-my^fanby- there'as'ia'!'deal; too, much skitc about, the Americans.in ,everything.i'they taekl(i,"iind their., real forte lies'in ' woi'king- the, hippodrome business," Jackson, with fairVplay; will'walk round the lot of their gladia^orsj-likeia'; cooper round a cask, and as Jackson lea^"t^li^ib'''kri6ves hero, and learnt it from;anv,o.utTand- out;,Australiani(Laii'y Foley) too, \- we'cari'- justly claim-the; credit of his rocohl. There ;i's every .J;sign Ith'at;!.Sparie\Vcan puir;idb;wn!tho best the: best ped. that; America, can iproducOj nnl all we have to do now is* .to'encdurtigci'a^d;?wqrfc;ipur!;l3iain up to a ,'levtjl :\$th;otirvlBr^'wi^ to at "least bc*~oii "a 'Tevcr witHoiir muscle. . : When that comes, off Australia'leads the., van-and don't let a soul forget It:; :A ;bully New Tear; to all-special, mention being made to> Japonica " and all the little Japs, in future, it;.- ' 