K' THE 'WEIR.' : (to tub EDITOR ov THE ■ ltlVERINE „ HKIlALD.) Silt,—It liijs beon siucl by those 111 favor of tlio woir.that tlio dran'ige into thoRivor Campa3pp.. cannot hayo.'.'aii: 'injurious;, effect •t])o;gve;ifc]:body/pfy wiitor:into winch it- flows will counteract,. tlio-- evil*; for: instance ,it is iinfihitesiinaUy smaU, quantity; of,: strychnine^ in; a teaspbonful of water alight :poisony but tlio same quantity in a hundred gallons' of water would have no effect; but I think I Jontf^sHbWg that this argument is not applicable to ■ the drainage into tho River Cam: paspo, as tho drainage into tho river is for ever flowing, mid.in the absence of a running stream tiio solid particles and liquid abominations are continually sottling down, and helping to fill up. the bed 'mid: banks . with in-: jurious conglonierations, whilst the river is only flushod out onoe or twice a yoar, . and , then very inefficiently, owing to the smallness of tliosluico valve, or outlet. ' 1 think l ain not fur wrong in saying that at least Jtilf the"'dr«ns of the town C#.v into .the Oampaspe.'; jTliaE slaughter' yards, piggcries'j, stables, tlie'soapfactory, and numerous cuss-' pits are to.bo found in close proximity' to its' banks. Tlisit lutciien, and. other groasy,' sticky, slimey, putrid, and stinking refuse from every houso 011 tho wostern side: of the railway, mutinously niyht-and clay, 'an& all the'year :romid, and every: year, is pouring this abominable sIubIi and lilth, this uupro-. iiouiicoablo odoriferous combination/of all things from all places into the one atid; only recoptacle prepared for it, viz., tho once flowing .' /.river, 'but now stagnant pond,' known as' the Cainpaspp: ";. Kubbish hoaps lire also to bo found :at tho , end of .Padkonhani, niid pthor streets abutting on " tho" river;' while refuse from private/ houses, shops, and other . places ■ of.. business . are shot out, .by ..the town: scavengers .carts. It is; hard to say what:-, becomes of putrid butcher's rottoii hams,',rancid butter, stink-, \- iiig;fisli, bad eggs, docayod" fruitv awl voj;etablos^and other .decomposed > and offensive: articles of food, etc, which must occasionally,'. and especially in the, hot.,,weather,,bo found, in every' whole'salo and retail place of 'busi-V , nes3 as •well as private" housos. 1 ;Pussy cats ■ and .dogs do not live',-for..over,, neither...dri. horses, cows,pigs, and goats, and whoii they' give-up the. ghost) a.'gravo is easier,dug in ': the river than.otxjierra firmcti>: Of this I fool I confident that more- rubbish finds its way ' intotho Campaspo than is generally sup- { posod. i Now, taking /ill this into eonsidera-J tion, iwill anyone be so bold as to daru to ' insult tho public by saying that this diabolical petiforous system of: draining, tlio town into th'e'river,'': and'clrainiiig' it: Wthat it cannot' get away is bbnifieiul to' tlio..health of the town. Facts are stubborn things. AbIc tho Rowing Club why it removed tho boat slied \to tho'.Murray. . The socrotary answorod, that question at tho. time. ..The stanch ilrovo thorn from the place. How is it that !o few people venture to bath 111 the lampaspo now, bocauso they profor pure water to the luxury of plunging into pea Amp.' Beforo the weir, was constructed tliowaters, of the' Catnpaspo' .were' used for Urinlcihg'purpose, but'few 'would care to do , so now.. On t ie 1st January the river was running over the crest of tho weir, rind tliroo mouths :if tor wards, although . tlio sluicovalve was closed all tho timo: tho .rivui had fallen ■ fully V foot; by-evaporation) soworago, and otli0rcaii303. t hus taking into • consideration the gradual incline of tho banks fully 10 fuot well. ex-., posod on oitlur sido of the river, or 20 feot 111 all, and this oxposure to tlio rays of tho sun must in. >it>* opinion causo an evaporation highly iujuricus'from 'a sanitary point of view. About t mouth ago aftor tho water had boon.lotDit thoro'was of courso a still. . furthor fall of 1 few foet, and tho rivor inis so shallow tnatit could bo crossed 011 foot at several plaeos.; I think it must bo ovident that when tho iluico valve is loft opon 'there'i must bo largu ceposits of insanitary mattor loft not only or. tlio banks but evon 011 the bottom of th{ river that cannot possibly' got out, and as huso deposits aro continually. increasing, it isonly a matter \of time, and then tho puro rater will bo so thoroughly,mixed aiyl iiinrognated with insanitary matter that it 1111st bocomo a' seething muss '! of corruption, ivinixturo oi vile. compounds ! and, fover1 braiding.-,- ingredients that must • produce postileiliali results.-. Tiio opening or. ; sluico valve at jho weir - is' to my niind too> . Bmall for cloansiig purposes; being, I should1 think, not inoroj cliuii throo feut sqwiro, and 1 - ibovo the bottom of tho river. The Japa- , lose are wiser in their generation than w9 j iro, for thoy will nob allow their rivers to bo )ollutccl by tho drainage of their towns. I Why then should tho residents of a civilisod *Iace like Echuca allow such jibmninationa 1 < —Yours truly, 11 CALEB VINES "Echiien, 10th May, 188!). < 