THE STORY OF HELEN FRASER. The following story was told to hie years ago by an old Edinburgh friend, Mr. George Sinclair, who hud then retired from business. It made a deep impression on my mind at the time, and a Accent startling event in America having recalled it vividly to my memory, I 'giv'e it as nearly as possible in his own way of. telling it:— When T'married at the ripe ago of twenty five my wife arid I had to begin housekeeping in a very small way. We meant to get on in the world, and for that reason we began with " the porridge" and not with " the chicken," as too many foolish young oouples persist in doing. So we took a room and kitchen on the fourth floor of a house in Loith Wnlfe. On the same landing was the doer of a single apartment occupicd by & yo\lngwoman named Helon Frascr* She was an orphan, without any living Velatives,, apparently without friends, and earning a scanty livelihood as n teacher of music. My good wife, seeing her loneliness, soon mado her acquaintance, and Helen in a little while took a welcomo place almost every evening at our fireside. She was a puzzle to me. She had neither tlie look nor the ways of a poor mart's' daughter. She had the delicate fra'riViJ of a tenderly-nursed lady, but t!V6 energy and spirit of_a mall. Sire had black hair, and a heap of it, wlvich made her white face all the whiter when it fell down upon her shoulders ill big Curls. It was a bonnie face with some thing melancholyabout ifc—not thatthere was anything woe-begone in her expression, for she was the livelist lass, in a certain lady like Tray, that could bo found-. But tiveii when she was laughing nioet, aik\ her eyes were sparkling most brightly, the delicate, graceful body; the glossy black hair, and the whitn fa'ifi seemed to lie under a shadow. t never could get the idea out of my head that the shadow or melancholy which seemed to me always to be upon her, had something to do with her eyes. They wore big, dark eyes, that glittered and flashed with mirth or passion—as it might bo like water gloaming under moonlight. If it was not heV eyes it must have been herdelicate Appearance which made me fancy that she was a flower wither ing in the bud. But in addition to that, she had always a slight cough, and could not be pftrsUaded by Mrs. Sinclair or myself to con sult a doctor about it. She hud many queor ways, and the queerest of them all was her liking for sitting in the ; dark and playing sad airs very softly on an old squnre piano which she had brought frith1 her to her poor lodging;. She did ntft sing, but sometimes as she played aho would speak in whispers as if to invisible friends. I.have known her sit that way from four o'clock 011 r. dark winter's afternoon until midnight. It often gave me a cold shiver to hear her, and there was something altogether so uncanny about her that at times I wished we had not been such near neighbours. But she was as tender as a dove to thefolkshe liked, although even with them she was as ready to take offence as gunpowder to take fire. Her ahge'r, however, was as soon over as the fi&fd; 'of powder. The only people Slid Seemed to care about meeting werelfly wife, her sister, Flora Demp ster, myself, and Walter—or, as we always ;alledhim, Wat—Forsyth, wliowasmyfellow 3lcrk. He was a tall, strapping fellow, i with :lear blue eyes and a healthy look;. Although ight-hearted ind always joking he was punc tual at his desk, and it was believed that as soon as he got settled down a little he Would jrove a steady, prosperous man-.. His QrTe "ault was that ho was always ftittlftg about imong tlie lasses—not in tu\ ill way, under stand, nor that he nifeant to deceive them in vny waj», but jttst out of his healthy, high spirits. At two-and-twenty "Wat was as pure hearted a lad as you could find at his age. As he came often to see us, of courso he soon met Helen Fraser. Before that evening ive believed that he had been making Up to sur Flora, who was a sonsy, fres|i-lo6kfrig ^irl; but as soon aa he §a\v Stolen his head ivas turned about i\ei\ The first time: they shook hancls I16 paid her some stupid compli ment, as was his custom with other girls. Sh6 looked him s'.raight in the face, her big, bright eyes shining on him strangely, until he stammered and hung his head like a bairn caught in the act of stealing sugar. Then she took her hand away from him and said nothing. The next night he was with us again, but; Eelen would not come out of her owfi dfen. For six weeks he came every night, sometimes meeting her, sometimes not, Until his laugh ing face grew almost serious with the 6Ager watch he kept on the door expecting her. At Srst she seemed shy of him, .and I thought she acted like one who wanted to avoid! him Mid could not. v ; ■ : At length Koine passionate impulse over powered lier, and either forgetting for the moment that I was on the other,side of the 'table . reading,' or "riot, heeding1 my. presence, she said with a low, trembling voice that went to my heart like tlie cry of a dying child— "There is, some power you have.iovet me, Walter Forsyth, that makes me thiftk bf you in. ijpito of m.yself, liild th'Af WihkeS me cOrtlo in here to see you in spite of myself. Whatever it be> £ fear it is not for your good or mine." He gltUlced at me, find seeing that I was absorbed in my book and apparently uncon scious of .what was passing, he answered; her in a whisper. The poor lad's heart was iii his mouth, and he bent so close to her that his lips almost touched her oheclc. " I'm glad of that, Holoil, I'm glad you can not help coming to ilYe, for I feel as if your very thought could drag me after you across tlio world." She seemed to shrink from him ; • she seemed even to tremble, and her expression grew black as night. Then she started with a laugh, and her white face grew red as fire. " I think we are both fools. What do you say, Mr. Sinclair ? Do you not think I am right ?" " About what ?" I asked, pretending; not to have heard every word. But somehow I was obliged to look up, and when I saw her eyes fixed on me I could no more have kept up the pretence than I could have jumped to the top of St. Giles's. So I added what I should have said at first—•" I daresay you arc quite right, but there aro more fools than you in the world—I was one myself not long ago." The courting went on briskly after that droll preludo. Opposite as thoy were in character, they seemed to harmonise. His frank, merry disposition seemed to chime in with her humours, for when she was in her ordiuary mood—that was, pleased and happy witli every ono round her—his frolicsome spirit seemed to drive away even the shadow of melancholy that 1 have men tioned. It was soon settled that they were to be married, and it was shortly afterwards that I discovered what I might have seen before. Helen, with her nervous, passionate nature, was as jealous of her lover as a miser is of hiB gold—and seeing that Wat had a kind of reputation for being a favourite with the lasses, it was no wonder. lie was true to her for all that, but lie could not help trying to please every woman he met. Helen would have made mountains of suspicion out of far less ; but she had the good sense to perceive that the mountains were raised by her own nervous fancy, and she kept her thoughts to herself. So much the worse, for they preyed upon her and worrie 1 her. I cannot tell by what a heap of little things I learned that she was most jealous of my sister-in-law, Flora. It was the way she bean to look at the lassie that set me think in" first. Whenever Flora's head was turned away or bent ovei knitting or sewing, Helen would look at her in a way that made mo think of stories I had read about serpents gazing up at little birds and fascinating tliem with "their glittering eyes, until the poor tilings would drop from the tree. You must not imagine that lam comparing Helen fco a serpent. She had a good, kind heart, I "J "o Flora felt the look, and the second or third time she observed it, a scared expression flitted over her face, and the knitting-needles clinked in her hands us if she were trembling. She went away as early, as she could, and did not conic back to our house for three or four weeks. When she did begin to come re gularly again, sho. would never stay mo.te than a few minutes if Helen happened to be there, or happened to come in. Wat did not see anything of this—he w:is too happy looking forward to his marriage, which was fixed to take place early in the spring, and we were now at the beginning of November. IIo hud not troubled himself about who she was or where sho came from. She told him that her mother had belonged to Inverness, and had died when Helen v.-as only two years old. Sho knew nothing about Jier father, and had been brought up by ao old vromiui who was 'i-spUted to bn a spae wife-, nn'd tii hart! the gift of second .sight. I urn not quite sure that there was n ?t a gl'ain Of superstition even in my regard for Helen after this revelation. She had been edu cated with exceptional caro, and on the death of the old woman had come to Edin burgh to set up as u musio teachcr. That was all we ever knew about her past life, and Wat whs content. I On a day of heavy rain in this November, Helen went out to hor pupils, ahd got her self drenched through* When sho came homo in the evening Wat was waiting, and she only took olF her clortk and boiinfet, al though my good wife ad viscid hor to go and change nil her clothes. She laughed, and said she 'was neither sugar nor salt, and woiild riot melt. Tho next day her cough was wol'se than wo had over heard it; and it made such a racking, hollow sound chat We were alarmed. At the end of ft week she had not strength enough to rise from her bed, and yot bIic would not allow us to sond for tt doctor or to tell Wat. At last I felt myself bound .to tell him; and ho Was in a bad wa-y ivheh he saw he? hollow cheeks and heir eyes, bright as ever-, bufc^stttik In her head, with black rings iViuWa them that gave her white face tl\o look of a corpse. Ho said at once that he would fetch the best doctor in the town and she flung up her arms with a cry— "lam not going to die, Wat—I cannot leave you. ... I will not loave you, I would rise out of my grave to be near you, and watch you in spite of death. But I am not going to die, Wat—I am not going to die.' TheV'e Was a mixture of piteous terror in the cry like that of a bairn when it thinks about the kirkyard, knowing it is to be laid there soon, and of the wild tierce energy of a spirit that seemed almost strong enough to conquer death, which made my flesh creep as I listened to hor oerie words. "No, 110, you shall not die," said Wat, huskily. "You will live to ba iuy wife, and we'll have many hajr>py years together." Sho clutched his hand, and looked up in his face with an unearthly light in her eyes as he said slowly, in a clear, steady voice— " I will never leave you." " You shall not, if skill of man can; keep you here. I'll be back directly." When he returned ho brought with him one of the most eminent surgeons in the city—a man whose s&tviiies;, W'erti Fiotight in extreme casts on ftccolhvfc <3f his undoubted skill, but who waS secretly dreaded owing to Ugly runioiirs about his association with body snatchers. He did not spend much time in examining his patient, and walked out of the room, beckoning me to follow him. When we were outside, he asked if I was her father. ;I ex plained, and the doc'or nodded his head pity ingly when he heard that she had neither kith nor kin. , . ' "Sho is beyond my help," he ;said, gravely* " A few diys will terminate her struggle." ■ The ddctor fcdldi the li'uth ; and one night towards tM 6hd of the month sho died in Wat's arms—the-vow "I will never leave you" faltering on the lips with her last breath." ! I need not trouble you with details ofj what . happened after that. I went for Mi under taker, and gave him instruct!oils-, itb in formed mo that it yrould b'6 tte'cessfay to' liavo the funeral immediately-, US, there being a fear of ail .epidemic of cholera, the magis trates h-Ad issUed an order that burials should tak'o piace with the least possible delay'after cleath. The next night two men brought the! cof fin. I was not at home, and my wife could not bear the sight of the poor orphan lassie being laid in tho big " kist." She heard the men talking cheerfully, and one of them wi;nt so far an to give a smotheied laVigb ns they were screwing down the . lid;. BRe was very glad when she UgaM ttiem going away-. % ! 'S'lie burial took place two days after, j The room Helen had lived in was shut up,' and nobody would occupy it, for the neighbour wives with their glib tongues Wel'e always telling some gossip about the eevio ways and looks of tho dead gh'li ' I was no beliOVel' in ghosts eveii tlienj but ' I could not pass that door in the dirk With out a creepy feeling df ileicA Fraser's. pre sence being still tAiese—'tWe melai\Ch'6ly shadow that had always frtori'g over lietgtbwn broader and d'eejier—and th'At her eyes were looking diifc arid frlisteViing on me through the mirk, t Said hundreds of times to; my self that this feeling was ridiculous, but it was long before I overcame it. I thought at first that Wat was to lose his reason, j His face became haggard and worn, as if for want of sleep. "She told me she would never 1 ave me," he snid, in a frightened way, when I spoke to him, "and alio keeps her word. Day and night I feel Bho is near me, and I see her looking at me as if slid WGVe Warning nie ,of • some danger. When we jiufc hnjfc ill'- tHe grave I Could, not feel ,tMt slie \Vi.s dead. I Could nftt uiijlerstand lio\v one that had been so ijrighl arid bbnnie just a few days before could he so suddenly snatched away from me. It is all like a dream to me,; and when alone 1 keep shiverinsr with the tho'usrlit that I'll waken so mi and find her standing beside me in those ghostly white clothes." I tried to persuade him that he was allow ing a diseased fancy to get the upper hand of his wits ; and begged him to make an effort to rouso himself alld to .submit patiently to the fall of Him who directs all things for the best. . He premised to do what ho could, and I saw that ho made an elfort to drive those gloomy notions away. My good wife and I did what we could to make him take a new interest in life ; and I observed with satisfaction that the innocent sympathy of Flora Dempster had a marked effect on him —an effect which became more and more marked as weeks passed by. : One evening early in Januafy, when the snow lay more than a foot deep on the ground, my wife and I were cosily chatting by the fireside, when wo had a surprise. We heard merry voices oh the stair, and Flora came in, accompanied by her sailor brother, who had just landed from the ship, and with them two of their friends. Of course, they had a hearty welcome. The greybeard was taken from the cupboard, and the toddy glasses placed 011 the table. Our young sailor was just finishing the account of: his lust voyage when Wat Forsyth joined us. He was in in a livelier humour than I had seen him for a long time, and had evidently been " tasting." He laughed as heartily as any of us at the jokes that passed and 1 the stories that were told, and he even took his turn in giving us a song. Ho was sitting be side Flora at tho time, and seemed to have forgotten all about ;he terrors and sorrows associated with Helen Fraser. In faot, we were all in such good spirits that none of us .remembered tho poor girl who had been a sharer of our joys such a little while ago. But Flora, my wife, and I sud denly became dumb and looked with scared faces at eacli other when we hoard tho door in the lobby—Helen s door—rattle, as if some one was trying to shake it open. Our silence stopped the mouths of the young sailor and his friends, and they looked at us inquiringly. Wat had not observed the ratt ling at the door, as he had been speaking to Flora at the time; but when we all became mute he paused, wondering what was the matter. It is not possible to say why we were so startled by such a trifling incident in the midst of our conviviality; but startled we were, and we three thought of Helen Fraser. Wat asked banteringly where the blanket had come from, or were we waiting for somebody's song? " Yes wo are waiting for yours," I said, not wishing him to know the real cause of the silence. The whisky had stirred tho old spirit in the lad, and he burst out with Burns's song of "Green grow the rashes, 0!" Wo all joined in the lightsome chorus with might and main, as if we would drown all the doors in the building, Wat's voice rising loudest and clearest— Green grow the rashes, O; Green grow the rashes, 0; The sweetest hours that e'er I spoilt Were spent among the lassies, 0! The chorus to the second verse of the song began louderthanthanthatto the first; butlie fore wo had got to the middle of it our door began t,o open slowly, as if the comer was somewhat doubtful of tho reception ho or she would have. We did not hear the latch move, but as one by one we noticed the door open ing in that creeping way, our voices became hushed one after another until Wat was left to finish the verso himself. Ho had got to the last line, when he, too, stopped short. The door was now wide open, and a woman stepped in with the snow dropping from her clothes and making a wot ring round her where she stood. My eyes neomed to be starting from their sockets ; my heart wns hammeringagainst my sides with downright bewilderment and fear. The re w.-ts not one in the room coiikl draw a breath ; wc could only shrink luiek far as tho v.'.illa would allow u« and £p'",e in dull, trembliiifj horror at the figure Lufi.1'0 Us. Flora, with a moan, sank on the floor in a faint.. Wat sat upright, staring,-.with his hands uplifted as if to shield himself from some blow. . : It was Helen Fraser who was standing there, her big dark eyes glittering oil the man who was to have been her husband if she had lived. Heir face was white and ghastly as it had been when I last looked on her corpse ; but she was now dressed in a brown shawl and black gown. . ; \ ! , Sho did not appear to observe tho presence of any one except Wat; At ilrst her expres sion was black as a thundercloud; the next minute sho looked round her in a vague, con fused way without Bfacirtiiig to soe tho people, and then hel' eyes 1'ested again on Wat,, who had ildt been able tO stiiV Her lips nioved as if she wero going tb sptiilk, iiut we heard 110 sound. .Next she raised her - hand, beckoning Wat to follow her, and moved slowly backward into the lobby. Wat rose and followed just like one who was dragged onward by a rope against his will, his eyes fixed on the dark figure all the time aB if fjisn.irirt.tnfl. I wanted to stop him, but I had no power to move, and none of tile others had more strength than myself) they Were all diunjd and gasping fcir breStii. I heard his steps going down the stairs, and then there was an awful .silence. The silenco was broken by a wild, sharp •shriek that echocd throughout the house,and made me spring; into the middle of the floor. It was Wat's voice—I was sure of that—and it seemed to break through the glamour which had been cast upon me. I rushed out to see what had happened, stumbled down the stairs somehow, .and was out, in the snow almost withbut drawing breath; 1 hikt Only taken three or four steps in the snow when I nearly tumbled over the body of "a man. Although I could not see him I knew that this was Wat. I ran back to tliefoot of the stairs and shouted for light and help. When the lantorn was brought I looked round, but there was no sign of HcletisaVe themtti'kpfitwonlan's footsteps on the snow. I had nj time to think About, it t hen, or I would hiU;erdnieitibt2i:ed that ghosts do nob. leave footmarks—at least I never heard of them doing so. With the help of our friends Wat was carried up to the house. We carefully ex amined him, and found no traces of violence up'i'ii him, although he was an insensible and motionloss as if, dead. I could scarcely feel his heart beating, and began to fear that some devil's cantrips had •charmed his life away. What tile meaning of it colild bo I did not try to *mako out), All that I knew Was that I had seen Helen Eraser five weeks after she had been .biiried; aftcVthaB sile had somehow | stricken Wat dciWn. In about'aii hour he began to come to, but not to reason. All that night he lay raving and tossing on the bed, always fancying that Helen was wanting him to follow her into <a black pit, and that he must go. The next day he was worse, and at the undof a Week he had to bo tilUetl to a lunatie asyihm. His reason was qliite gtin^ittid thB ddctofs had little jibpe of his ev'eV recovering. ' _ Foi? months afterwards Flora was unwell, and my good wife and I had got such a: turn that we flitted from, our house in Leith Walk to another at some distance.' I did riot speak to our friends about the cause of our flitting or of Wat'sHiisFortune. The thing was so far out of the bounds of reason that nobody could have believed otherwise than that we had all been fuddled and scaaed out of our wits by bur own nonsensical fancies, ; ! But it was no druilkeri nOnserise; And it was no gkost eitheri'ijB I niight hiiv8 kliaWjii at Grsfc if I Mil not been taken by surprise. I did not get, an explanation of the mystery until neary five years had gone by. At that time Wat was in Canada'. He had been iii the asylum for two years, aitd.then had beeii dismissed rts cute'd. He was quito;hb,vhiless, at .any rate) although he was a wbefully superstitious man-..; lie told me tliafc wlieii Helen's ghost had laid-its'cold hand.tyr hi§.at the f.oot of the staifs soiftethihg iii hisJir'Ain setem'e\l to crack. Theii.he gave tne shriek th'nt huti alathiiid us, arid silk disappeared, ffliat was all he could tell: He emigrated, and determined never to come back to this country. Ho hr.il been away for three years when I received a letter from a man in Newcastle, telling me that a woman who had lodged in his house had forced him to promise when she was dying to acquaint me with these facts :—She had been passing under the name of Balfour, but her real name was Helen Fraser. When living beside us she had fallen ilito a trance, and we had thought her dead. The undertaker I had engaged to make her coffin, and who had brought it in the nigllt after, which slid \V!is .iiiip^osed to have died, had stolen away what he sup posed to be a corpse, after filling the cofiin with stones and straw. He had heard that Helen had no relatives, and calculated that he ran little risk in thus supplying the School of Anatomy with a "subject for which lie would receive a good fee. At the School of Anatomy, however,;-the Professor .discovered the real state of matters' in time, and suc ceeded in bringing her back to life.. He was very kind to her, and his care restored. her to comparative health. In return for this he exacted from her &, promise that she would tell no one about'the affair, as it might injure him. That was why we had. never heard from her ; but she had made up her mind to come back to us on the night when she appeared amongst us like a spectre. Then she had been so much taken aback' by hearing Wat singing so merrily and seeing him sitting so lover-like beside Flora at such a slior: inter val after her supposed death, that she could not speak. When lie followed her down the stairs she had taken his hand intending to explain, and ho had shrieked and fallen. Then sho had run aW;ty, frightened and angry, determined never to aeo him again. She had made her way to Newcastle, and had been working there until she died. Flora Dempster went out to Canada to be come the wife of Wat Forsyth, and she took with her the explanation of the mys terious reappearance of Helen Fraser.— Charles Gibbon, in Scottish American Jour nal." . 