1 " 111 NO ROBBERY. u - \ .. ' CHAPTER I. Mrs. Christie's was anything but an Unpleasant house, and the people who ' Wero stayilig in it were anything but unpleasant. My preconceived notion had been that the folks one would meet in a boarding-house were of a uuuuuiui oui u j till UI1U . ucau xw boluilu inevitable that there would be social cats purring inquisitively and treacher ously all about. So it was a welcome surprise to find the house so different from my anticipations. Mrs. Christie herself I know but slightly. Sho was the widow. of\ a mining engineor who had done golul service to our family in my father's days. Sho had set up a . boarding- house in Russell-street, and when it. happened that I had to go up to town1 to consult my old colkige friend Mar- ton, now a barrister, about some busi ness, instead . of putting up at my usual quarters, I went, at my mother's request) to Mrs. Christie's, not without some misgivings about the wisdom of tlis stop I was taking ; but I thought that anyhow it would be a new experience; and that -was just what it did prove to be eventually. The company was mado up of an Indian army doctor and his daughter, she being a' damsel fair to look upon ; two spinsters fro'fli Shropshire; a west country parson and his wife ; Mrs. Christie's nephew, a clerk in a bank ; myself, and a couple about whom no one knew anything — save Mrs. Christie, and she not much — but whom every one allowed to be the most, charm ing and delightful pcoplo they had mot for many a day. Mr. and Mrs. Walcot had travelled much, and were evidently well read, but they neither wearied one's cars witli the glories of Capri or Granada, nor pestered you with talk about books' they had read and you hadn't ; they made no display, . and though brilliantconvcrsationalists,thoy were just tho pleasant kind of people in whose company you could sit with out wanting to talk at all. He was a tall, sparely-built man, well set up, with regular features, a man of fine bearing, yet not quite like a soldier; she was hardly so distin guished looking as her husband, hardly so handsome ; her featuers just missed regularity, but eyes and mouth 'had a fascinating piquancy of expression which made her tho most attractive woman I had over met. I thought so then, and I think so stiii, though I have considerably extended my experi ence since those days when my mother guarded her fledgling from the attacks, rapacious or insidious, of every breed of harpy. But the most ploasing trait in this couple was that though so plainly devoted to one auother, and satisfied with their own company, they were not wholly eaten up with mutual admiration ; their nature seemed to have a sympathetic feeling that moulded itself to suit tho dispositions of those around, without sacrificing its own individuality. No wonder all liked thorn; I was particu larly grateful for their courtesy, not being blessed in either looks or stylo ; I had unfortunately inherited my mother's manner and my father's face ; had it been tho other way about, I should doubtless have proven the social success which I was painfully con scious that I now was not. And it must have been out of pure good nature that they were so friendly, for I had made it a point with Mrs. Christie — whether she kept herpromise I don't know — that she should say nothing to her guests about Earnshaw Hall, or the mines, or the plate and pictures, or my mother's famous dia monds, or tho glories of a country house that women love. The only one who did not take .kindly to theni was Marton., Un the Thursday aftor we had concluded our business I prevailed on him to dine with me at Mrs. Christie's, and I re member noting how everyone seemed to be at his or her best ; even Marton's sever.e features relaxed, and he showed himself almost more than courteous to the Indian girl, between whom and one of tho Shropshire spinsters he was sitting, evidently quite satisfied with his environment, as he owned when I was " setting him back," as they say in the North, to his chambers, " but — but — " " But me no buts ; what is wrong now 1" "Why, those peoplo to whom you have taken, so violently, the "VVal- cots." " What about them, Mr. Censor V' "They give me an uncomfortable feeling ; not that they look uncanny, . but I am haunted by the ghost of some forbidding reminiscence, as if I had \ seen that woman's eyes before me — and I. am sure I have — but when or 1 v. where T cannot recollect; and I am equally sure they were connected with something shady — what that, too, was l\cannot bethink me; a hazy, inde finite recollection it was, but one that piling to me all the while." "\May I suggest dyspepsia ? too hard work indoors, too littlo exercise." " Maybe you are right, but do you, too, use a pinch of caution in ' cement ing your new friendship. Good night." \ \ CHAPTER H. A few evenings before I went home, as Walcot ynd I were in tho smoking- room, T asked him if ho would not bring Mrs. Walcot down to Earnshaw for a fow days. It was near the end of May, tho May fly fishing would bo on during the next 10 days, so that here would be something to do beside seeing tho country, which was magni ficent ; thero were a few show places for those who cartel for them, and the season was in its prime for drives over tho hills. I put foiward all the attrac tions of the place y to induce him to come down ; I could Isoe that Mrs. Wal cot could hit it off with my not too easily pleased mother, especially be cause being married \ she could not possibly be a siren, arid tho man had plenty , to talk about, yet never tired ono with talking of himself. I was rather surprised, then, when he hesitated about accepting an in- r " should ho stammer, and, I thought, positively blush and hesitate about so simple a matter, especially as at first ho seemed eager to come, for his face had lighted up cheerily, but was obscured directly afterward by a gloomy look, almost one of sadness. There was certainly a tone of distress in his voice as he said, " You are very kind. I and my wife — I know I can speak for her— should greatly like to come northward, but it is scarcely possible." This came with more warmth of desire to accept tho invi tation than depth of conviction, about its impossibility. After some further pressure, evidently yielding, at last he said.: , " You are really so friendly that it would bo no less ungrateful than un gracious ' to keep back from you tho real reason why wo shrink from what promises to bo so pleasant a visit ; and \what wo have seen of you in tho past week frees me from any doubt that you will not let what I tell you go further than yourself. My wife, to wi'iom, as you know, I am devotedly attached, has a sad affliction. Until hciyllness two years ago thero was not a trace ol: what would now make her life tin intolerable burden were sho not supported by our strong mutual affection and confidence, After that illness sine developed kleptomania. Tjll theiji tho most scrupulously honest! and precisely exact woman I havo ever known, sho now lias a strange 'passion for secreting, hot any thing anil everything, but only jewel lery ; strangely her ailment only runs in this groove. By keeping a strict watch, I have hitherto been fortunate enough to restore whatever trinkets she has surreptitiously removed. A few intimites only know of our trouble, an\d, as they understand how things are, \ve feel less unhappy ; still one is anxious, and this is wliy we have rather Shrunk from accepting the many invitat.io.us we receive from tlie friends who), we believej have a general regard' for us." "I think you might reckon me among them," "said I, " and now that I . know and am, so to speak, fore warned, why sit 01 dd you hesitate ? I could tell my mother what you have told me -before you come, unless" — seeing something of a doubt in his face- — " you would r.ather I didn't." " To tell you tho truth," he said, after a pause, "if ;thi> knowledge, coulcl bo confined to yourself I think it: would be better), Possibly there; may be no trouble \while we are with 1 you — I . am assuming that y.ou would ; still be willing to liavo us — and. th.en there wpuld be no need to have ' thus bared our wounds." | "Very well; if anything does hap pen we shall find it cvut, and you can send back whatever is\ taken, and then 1 I can explain it all to my mother; and . if nothing is taken, nobody will be any , the wiser. You see, \ too, that Mrs. Walcot need not know anything about ; my mother's jo.wels." | ' "Pray, are they very valuable or attractive?" \ "Both; and my mother is rather careless, as I' think, about 1 these trea sures, which are chiefly diapionds ; she will keep them in a cabinet in her boudoir, tho last place, she says, where a burglar would search, if \one could get in ; tho windows look" o'.t on the clifis over the river, and ouf servants are trustworthy: She says\she will not havo them long, and we unust in- i dulge an old woman's whims. \ Still we will not parade them, or even speak of them at all before Mrs. Walcot" . " Yes," said he, looking relieved, ; ".that will be best; we will not let her know of their existence. Anil now . that you understand all I shill be , happy to bring my wife ; only,, by the! way, don't breathe p. word to mad'ame to intimate to hor that you know what I have just told you; for, if she even suspected you knew, nothing on earth wpuld induce her to come- north ward." 1 : " So be it. My mother will writer- let me see, this is Tuesday— you'll gaft ' lier invitation on. Thursday, . so tlut, you can accept and come down, if it suits your convenience, on 'Satur day; then our arrangements will- fit in." ' CHAPTER IH. - A few leaves from my diary : Friday, May 30. — M. wrote to tho Wal- cots; marvellously civil. Signed deeds. 'Lunch with Murton. Walcot's cheory at dinner, evidently pleased with the- prospect of visit ; especially M. had not forgotten to invite "Venus." Saturday, May 31. — Down by 10 o'clock express. Wonder of wonders, Si. at station with pieband ponies ; but she takes mar vellously to Mrs. Walcot. Two days' rain. There'll bo good water to-morrow, of. course,, when we mayn't fish. Sunday, June 1. — Lively as usual, hut take tho Walcots up the glon in the e vening to my favorito spot. Mr. Walcot is onrap- tured with tho place. Monday, June 2. — Off in tho drizzle to fish. Really a good day, 3-1 braco of trout. Walcot not half a bud hand. Havo to leave tho women-kind at home. Hope they won't, get into mischief. Tuesday, June 3. — A really good day, 53 brace and tlireo sea fish. M. drives Mrs. Walcot over tho lull to see tho mines. Wednesday, Juno 4. — Sessions. M. drives the Walcots to Ulleswater. At dinner tele gram for Walcot. Says they, or at least he, must go early to- morrow. M. wants him to leave Madame till Saturday. She consents, keeping Venus. The dog's usoless as a guard ; heard the baast snuffling in the cor ridor during tho night. Thursday, J une 0. — Veuus rambling again ; heard her when stable clock struck 2. Walcot goes. Stroll in woods all morning ; ;each Mrs. Walcot to fiy fish inafteruoon. Friday, June 0 — Much as yesterday, bub fish with Mrs. Walcot in morning. Drive after lunch. Saturday, June 7. — See Mrs. Walcot off at 11. Dreadfully dull day. HopoMarton, anyhow won't disappoint me ; he's suro to come as I asked him, now tho Waloots have gono. Sunday, Juno 8. — As per usual ; yet I survive. Monday, June 0 — Here's a strango matter: Walcot writes that after all she did take my mother's diamonds j lucidly ho found it out immediately on her arrival, and lias sent thein heavily insured by train from Leuming- ton to Penrith to wait thero not wanting to attract attention at Earnshaw by a regis tered packet of that size coming' by post. Drive to Penrith, find parcel, mighty thankful to got diamonds, quietly replaced iu tho cabinet. . By greatest luck M. bad never discovered their absence. By tho way, how did Mrs. Walcot know about tho diamonds ? Walcot could not toll her, of course. Suppose she und her mater got talking, and tliey must havo been exhibited ouo of thoso days we were fishing, Can't ask M. ; must wait, I suppose. Por-. haps the poor thing felt the beginning of the craving, and concealed her knowledge from her husband; or, just possibly, didn't see thorn till ho had gone. Howover, oil's well that cuds well. CHAPTER IV. Unci all ended well? -The night after Marton came ho made many in quiries, over our pipes, about the Walcots, and still seemed to have an unaccountable prejudice against them. It was no good to show how much my mother also thought of him, and how taking, yet simple, his wife was, till at last I grew quite warm in defence of my new friends, and for proof positive told Marton in wliat a straight forward way Walcot had informed mo of his wife's failing, and how quickly he had taken pains to remedy what had happened. Marton listened vory quietly to my arguments with his sphinx-like face, which, only as I con cluded, relaxed into a grim smilo almost more aggravating than his former impenetrability. " What on earth make3 you look like that ?" a trifle hotly. " Dear boy," said Marton, dryly, "if I told you you would only be more angry than you are now, so what's the good?" " Nay; out with it. I know I'm inclined to champion my friends ; but I should not, you may be sure, if I had not tho fullest confidence in them." " That is ' plain for all men to see,' and you will be annoyed if I speak out, but I'll risk that, for your wrath will soon blow over. My thoughts come to this ; I am not sure there is not something wrong about those diamonds." : " Wrong ! how could there possibly be?" , " I haven't , analysed the thing clearly, yet. Have you examined the stones carefully since you got tliem back " To tell the truth, I never thought of it ; only just opened the case and laid them in the cabinet as quickly and 'quietly as possible. But what could have happened to them ? Mrs. Walcot: only left here on Saturday, and the diamonds . were back on Monday. What could have gone wrong in that time?" " Nothing in that- time, certainly, but--" ' "But what?" " Don't be hasty. I was thinking: — By - the way, have tlioso stones been seen by an -expert jeweller lately?" " Yes, not two months, ago. Some fastening had come loose when we were "up in London, arid my mother took 'tliem' 'to Roskell's; I was with her, and remember what the man said of them." ' " I'll ask one thing of you, then. Let iis have those diamonds examined. If there is' anything wrong, it is full tune you slvould know. If they are all right you will have a legitimate crow over me, and you may crow as loud as over you like." I still felt provoked with Marton, .but hero was a chance, indeed a cer tainty, of proving his suspicions un founded, and showing that even tlie astute Marton was not infallible, so I consented more readily than I should otherwise have done. " All right, but how are we to get them away to be looked at without my mother's knowing ?" Bring a man over from Penrith or Carlisle when Mrs, Easton is out, and ostensibly for some other purpose." And this was what was done. The man for whom I sent had more know ledge, as. I knew, than most local jewellersj ancl was safe. He came the next afternoon, and, while my mother was paying a call, examined the parure with Marton and myself. To my un utterable confusion and horror, ho pronounced the stones no stones at all, but paste, and not very good paste, either. CHAPTER V. Marton did not laugh now ; he was too much concerned about my obvious distress and annoyance. To find one's idols so utterly shattered was a stun ning blow ; but I had to arouse myself, for there were others to bo considered, i What on earth was to be done ? The original stones were worth many i thousands of pounds ; I did not like t-Iiat loss, but the prospect of my mother's trouble, when the truth be came known, vexed me infinitely more. ; " Anyhow," said Marton at last, "left us keep it quiet for the present. I : have no doubt Mr. Rawsthorne will say 'nothing about it to anyone." ; Rawsthorne, whom he had known ' for years, promised silence, and I am sure .lie kept his promise. After he had gone, Marton said : " I don't know exactly what made .me suspicious, except the conviction that I've seen that woman before, and in connection with something that wasn't i straight. You said there wasn't time to got those stones changed between the Saturday, the day Mrs. Walcot left Earnshaw, and ! the Monilay when you got them back. But how if it wasn't Sirs. Walcot at all who took them on the Saturday, but he on the— which day did lie go ? Wednesday ? " "No; on Thursday by an early train." : "Well, if lie took them on the Thursday, ho could get' them changed by tho Saturday night; no doubt lie had the false ones ready, or somewhere within easy roach — Birmingham, most likely ; he posted them, you said, in Leamington. 'JO UK CONTINl'im, 