"Spirits' at Adelong. The following letter, narrating some rather extraordinary proceedings at Adelong, has been handed to us for publication by the lady who received it. It is given verbatim et liberatum:— " Main Adelong, Sept. 2nd, 1889, "Dear sister,—I have strange news for you this time, but don't think I am larking. Last Monday night J. Stanton came running to our house in a great fright, he could not tell mother what was up for a long time. At last he told her someone was throwing stones at his house, and he could not see them. It started Monday night, and kept on until yesterday, just a week. He (Stan- ton) went for the police, and on Saturday he came for old Dan, and old Dan went up about three o'clock, and the first thing was too big stones feel at his feet. He did not know what to do ; he stopped till nine o'clock, and it never stopped while he was there. In the night knocks were heard at all sides of the house, and showers of dry dirt came all over everything in the house. It troubles no one but poor little Nellie, she cannot go anywhere but it is after her. Old Dan ran home. The next day about 10 o'clock I went up, and I never saw snch a thing before. The stones came there as soon as I came. I got frightened, and hooked it. They came from all ways over the house, some as big as my two fists, but hurt no one. No one can see them rise. Old Dan saw one rise from the ground when no one was near it. I saw stones, and sticks, and all sorts of rubbish fly from in the house out of the chimney. The stones and sticks came too thick for me to stand it. It only haunts poor little Nellie. I told Fred and Carl, they went up that night and they saw more than they ever want to see again. Nellie can tell them when it is there. We believe she can see it all the time. No one can hear it gathering up the dirt, only the children of the house. On Sunday Hogan, Carter, Mrs. Caspersome, and all the Watsons went up. Stanton had to take Nellie to Carlton's early on Sunday morning, it came too strong, the girl was getting afraid. She had no rest day or night. The last night it came that bad that they put Nellie before the fire to sleep, and Stanton could not hold out any longer ; the bed she was lying on rose up from the floor, and nothing but scratching and knocking under her. When the dirt used to come, Stanton used to swear, and it came thicker. When he saw the bed rising he grabbed but got nothing. All this went on all day long, stopped there about an hour, and I never want to see it any more. While Fred and Carl and Amalong were there it was that bad I could tell you, Nellie said she saw a hand and that is all she saw. Everybody round here were there, and they all say it is a spirit, but no one knows what for. It nearly drove Stanton mad. It is a warning for something, Now, don't you think that I am larking! For all who were there never wish to see or hear the like again. It has no power to hurt anyone. While I was there the stones came all over the chairs among the children, but hit nor hurt no one. They all came that easy, if they bit you, you would not feel them. Next time I will tell you more, but it is rather too frightening now,—Yours truly, August Eichhorn. In reference to the above the correspondent of the Adelong Argus writes as follows:— " That there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreanlt of in our philosophy, has been fully borne out by the events of the past few days. I think none will deny this after what I state, as given to me by repu- table eye witnesses to the facts:—Mr. John Stanton, a selector, resides with his family about five miles from here, on the main Adelong. On Monday night, the 25th of August, about 8 o'clock, the family were much alarmed by stones, dirt, &c.;, being showered on their residence by some unseen and unaccountable agency, and strange to this most mysterious stats of things was continued until the following Sunday morn- ing when Mr. Stanton thought it desirable to take his daughter, a girl about 14 years old, to the residence of Mr. H. Cottam, a neighbor living about three miles away. It is somewbat remarkable that all disturbing manifestations oeaoed as soon as the child was removed. I may here state the resi- dence stands by itself in an open space; that there is no other residence near it where any evil disposed persons could bide, and keep up this state of things for the whole week., The general impression is that tbe rappirigs and stone-throwing are the resnlt of other than human agency. One resident, a miner who was there on Friday last, assures me that two stones as big as his fist came over the roof of the cottage, and fell one on each side of him. He went at onoe to see who had thrown them, and there was no one to be seen. This being so, I can only say that ' truth is stranger than fiction,' and that I should like the affair to be thoroughly prospected and panned out in the interests of soienoe, for, by the ghost of Hamlet, it beats me. 