INDIAN BURIALS. Strange Customs among Red Men. When ono is in tho dying agony, the rela tives give vent to their grief in louil wails. Tho cryiug continues at intervals until death takes placo, and also up to tho timo of burial. This cry lias been by some whito persons inisuiKun 101 a song or cnarin, Due n> in no way partakes of that character ; it is a genuine expression of anguish and grief. Tlie wail or cry is interspersed with terms which express the relationship between the deceased and tho person grieving. Tho writer liaa many times heard the cry of Indian men and women, and has seen tho tears flow down thoir cheeks. There is something truly awful in the sound when men aim women logetner nil up men- voices in tho wail of grief. It is far from being like a song or chant. When the breath has left tho body of tho ono dying tho nearest relatives, such us parent or child, brothers or sisters, husband or wife, begin with a mad zeal to strip them selves of every ornament and cut thoir hair, scattering tho shorn looks about tho fire- iluee. Tho older married women who havo lorn children clip the hair short to tho ear, while tho young women part with but an inch or two. Young men do not sacrifico their locks, but tho older men wear thoirs short. The older women pull off' their leggings and moccasins, and gash the flesh of their legs below tho knee, lengthwise and crosswise, till tho blood ilows freely. All tho while they wail and call upon tho dead. Tho young men who aro near relatives to tho deceased remove their leggings and moccasins and pierce tlicir legs with a sharp Knitc until the blood runs fast from tho wounds. Tiio aid men do not scarify themselves. With every new arrival, whether tho person bo of near kin or not, the wailing starts afresh. By this long-continued cry ing, the excitement of grief and the pain of wounds, tho relatives become exhausted before the time of burial arrives, and imablo to speak above a whisper. Soon after deatli tiio corpso is placed in a sitting position, facing tho east and dressed in gala uostumo ; ornaments are put upon tho hair and person, anil sometimes tho face is painted in the same manner as tiie Hunga hi the ceremonies of tho sacred pipes, that is, if tho deceased belonged to ono of tho gontes owning a sucrcd pipe. Tho " Iluiiga-keunzae," as this moilo of painting is called, is ilono by painting tlie entire face red with Vermillion ; then a black line about the breadth of tho little finger is marked across tlie forehead horizontally and down botli cheeks to meet a line drawn across tho chin, thus forming a square. A centre line starts from tho ono across the forehead and fulls along tho nose to its point. This black paint is made of charcoal and prepared fut. Men, women, and children belonging to the Ncuubatan (sacred pipo owners) gentcs of the tribe, with few exceptions, are painted in this manner after death. When a member of a society dies tho body is taken care of by tho fraternity, and tho burial ceremonies aro transferred from tlie family to the management of tho society. For instance, when a member of the Mawa- dnno Society dies the body is taken immc- atoly after death, while the body is yot limber, to tho lodge where the society is accustomed to meet. On its arrival it is placed in a sitting posture, facing the east, and decked with tlie regalia of the society. Tho fnco of tho corpse is painted in tho manner in which the man while living wns accustomed to paint when attending the meetings of the society. In his right hand is placed tlie " Ta-sha-gao," or deer's hoof rattle, which is carried only by tho loader of the society. This preparation of the body is done by tlie relatives of the deceased aud one or two members of tho society. When all is complete the crior summons tho mem bers; and these weiul thoir way to tlie lodge where tho dead man sits as a silent host. Tho Mawadano songs which were the favor ites of tho dead member aro then snug and tlie rhythmic stop3 taken, while presents are laid on the drum ; these latter are offerings towards the funeral ceremonies. As cacli gift is made the crier sings forth tho , name of tho giver, that all tho villages may hear of tlie deed. While tho body lies in state in tlie lodge, cither of tho family or tho sooioty of which the deceased was a moniker,- if tho person or his family aro hold in high respect by tlie tribo, tho young men, those .between the ages' of. 20 and 30, gather togethor to perform a ceremony expressive of thoir esteem and grief. Having stripped them selves of. their- garments, excopt tiio breech cloth, a loop is cut. through the slriii of the arm, midway between the point of tho shoulder and tho elbow, and the end of a willow twig about a foot long, having the leaves on, is thrust through the loop of skin. J.UU i/iuuu Hiisaiua uvivu uiu niuuty atvui and spatters tlie hanging leaves. Tho young men tlion walk slowly to the lodge wkoro the dead lies and stand abreast before tho tent entrance, sing ing tiio funeral song, each man nccouting tho timo by striking together two short sticks of willow. All shed tears as tlioy sing, Tho song is an old one, having been handed down from an unknown past. It is the only funeral song 111 the Omaha tribo. At tlie close of the song tho chiof mourner, whether man or woman, steps fortli from the lodge wailing. The young men join in tho wan of the mourner, who advances with uplifted hands and passes along the lino, pausing un instant at each person. The act is an expression of thanks und acknowledgment of the sympathy and honor shown. WI1011 the end of the lino is reached the mourner retraces his steps and pulls from each youiig man's arm the blood-stained willow twig, throw ing it on the ground. Soino relatives pro- pare a horse, tho gift being an additional acknowledgment of tho lienor shown tho dead, which is often returned to tlie donors after the funoral is over. Tlie young men, after being relieved of the willows, return to their starting point, where they dress und disband. This custom was last observed about five years ago. Tho burial takes placo on the third or fourth day after death. The intervening period is a busy timo for those having the funeral arrangements in charge. Goods aro collected from tho kindred, to be given to tho poor at tho time of tho interment. Tho grave, never moro than 4ft. deop, is dug by a poor man, who is paid for his labor, The body is borno upon a stretcher mudo by binding two cross-sticks on two poles 10ft or 12ft long ; tout poles are sometimes used for this purposo. Tho bod of tlie strotehor is woven of willow wands, on which a robo is Spread, tho hairy sido uppermost, and pillows aro used to kcop tho sitting corpse in position, tho feet being covered witli robes or bUuilcots. Tlie stretcher is some times carried by four men, near relatives, or drawn by a horso with a pack saddle to which one end of the polo is fastened. Tho horso of tho dead, which is to bo killed at tho grave, is led be hind tho litter, followed by the crowd, wailing as tlioy walk. When tho grave is reached tho relatives gather around tho opouing, tho corpso is lifted from tho littor and hold by the bearers while tho robes 011 which it sat aio arranged for its reception in the grave, wlioro it is placed upon tliom, facing tho cost, and tho articles of value, chiefly ornaments worn by tho person during life, are doposiled beside tho body. If tho deceased ho a man, his weapons aro then laid by his sido; if a woman, her sewing bag, containing her awl, quillo and articles used for embroidery; if a child, its play things aro placed besido it. At tho burial of a warrior his favorite horso is decorated as tho master was wont to paint tho animal, this painting being always in accordance with the mainis visions. After tho corpso is do- posited in tho grave a rawhide ropo is loosely tied about tho nook of tho horso, and two mon talce hold of each end of tho ropo and draw it taut until tho animal falls dead, For this servieo each man receives as a feo a robo, a war jacket, or a pair of beaded loggings. Ill recont years tiio horse lias been shot. Sometimes, whoii tho grave is still open, tho concluding ceremonies take placo ; at othor times the body is covered. Tho weather is apt to decide tho proceedings. If a storm threatens tlie grave is at onco closed ; but should the day bo clear and no prospect of rain, then tho corpso remains in full viow during tlie entire ceremony. The grave is covered in the following manner : A crotchcd post is thrust firmly into each end of tho opening, projecting about 2ft. above the surface of tho ground ; a polo is laid in tho crotches of these poles, forming a ridgepole ; the roof is made by laying closely side by sido hardwood sticks, long enough to have ono end rest on tiio ground and tho other on the ridgepole. Upon this gross is spread thickly, and lastly earth well tramped, and sod laid on, making a mound -lft. or Oft. high. Tho surroundings aro carefully cleared of rubbish and dried grass, so tliat tho grave may be' safo from lire. For four successive nights following tho burial tho loving mother, or if tho deceased was an orphan then a near female relative, patiently carries wood upon her hack, ana near tho mound kindles a fire, keeping it burning throughout tlie night to light tho departed one to tho laud of happi ness. This service is dono witliout weeping, that tho spirit may not bo arrested or dis tressed as it travels hence. Thero are a variety of beliefs concerning the imniediato action of tho spirit upon its withdrawal from tho body. Somo think that tho soul at once starts upon its journey to the spirit land ; others, that it hovers about tho grave as if reluctant to depart. Because of this latter belief food, and water aro placed at tho head of tho grave for sovoral days after the burial. The spirit is supposed to par take of this food. No Indian would touch any article of food thus exposed ; if he did the ghost would snatch away tho food and paralyse tho mouth of the thief, and twist his face out of shape for tho rest of his life ; or else he would be pursued by the ghost, and food would lose its taste, aud hunger ever aftor haunt the offender. Thoro is a belief in the tribe that beforo tho spirits finally departs from men who died of wounds or their results they float toward a cliff overhanging the Missouri, not far from tho present Sautee Agency in Nebraska, and cut upon tho rooks a picturo allowing forth their manner of death. A line in tho picturo indicates tho spot wliero tho disease or wound was located which caused tho death. Aftcr-this record is com plete the spirit flies off to tho land of tlie hereafter. It is said tliat theso pictures are easily recognised by tlie relatives and friends of tho deeeased. The place is known as " Ingthun-ghao-ko-ka-gha-oo-tliun," wliero the spirits make pictures for themselves. A suicide ceases to exist ; for him tliero is no hereafter. A man struck by lightning is buried where he fell, and in the position in which he died. His grave is filled with earth, and no mound is raised over one who is thus taken from life. — Journal of American Folk Lore. 