TI-E ' FROZEN PIRATE. BY W. CLARKE RUSSELL, Author of ' The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Lady Mand,' ' A Sailor's Sweet heart,' Etc. CGrman XVIII.-(Co..rr~x.sE .) It naturally rendered me very melunchll t to reflect that I had restored this old villain to life, and I protest it was a continuous shock to such religious feelings as I had t managed to preserve to reflect that what had been as good as nearly half a century of 1 death had done nothing for this elderly s rogue's morals. It entered my head once to beieve that if Icould succeed n getting him f to, believe ha had lain frozen for forty-eight h years he might be seized with a fright (for e Was a white- livered creature), and in h some directions mend, and so c?sle too sense I of the 'service I had done him, of which he d appeared whonlly insensible, and qualify me to rid my maind of the fears which I enter tained coucerning our association, should a we smanaze to escape with the treasure. I a said to him bluntly-not 2ilni.po (to use hia ti oan lingo) of anything we were talking a about : ' Tis odd. Mr. Tassrld, you should doubt t my assurance that this is the year eighteen hundred anid one.' ise starmd, grinned, and said, 'Do you think e'r r ' Well,' sid I, * perhaps it is not .- odd n after all; but you should suffer me to have f as good an idea of the pas.age of tinm as I yourself. You cannot tell me how long your s stupor lasted.' 'Two days if you like ' he interrupted p vehemently. ' Why more Why longer b than a day ? How do you know that I haid a sunk into the condition in which you fount r me longer than an hour or two when you t lauded: I How do you know, hey Ihow g do you know ' and he snapped his fingers. t 'I know by the date you nane and by ci the year that this is, said I detiantly. HIe uttered a coare French expression, I and added, ' You want to prove that I have been insensible for forty-eight years.' ' It is the fact,' said I. Ile looked so wild and fierce that I drew a mvyself erect ready for him if he should fall upon me. Then, slowly wagging his head b whilst the antgr in his face isoftend out, he a said, ' Who reigns in France now l' I cid, 'There is no king; he was be headed. ' What was his name ?' said he. " Louisthe Sixteenth,' I answered. SHa !' cried he, with an. arch sneer; ' Louis the Sixteenth, hey . Are yau sure I it wasn't Louis the Seventeenth 2' b Slie is dead, too.' i ' This is news, Mr. Rodney,' said he scorn fully. SWhilst von have been here,' said I, 'ma ty mnighty changes have happened. 1 France lia produced as great a general and as dangerous a villain as the world ever a beheld : his name is Buonaparte. P IHe shrur, edsl his shoulders with an air of nreking pity. ' Who is your kingt' he asked. G'eorge the Thir,' said I; ' God bless him :' ' So-George and Louis- Louis and George. I see how it is. Stick to your dates. sir. But, my friend, never vet up as a .houlmaster.' This sally seemed to delight hin, and he burst into a loud lauch. ' Eighteen hundr?d mid one!' he cried. 'A man I knew once lost ten thoutsand lienr a at a csp. What do you think happened They a settled in him here? he patted his Iellv: " he went about bragintlg to everrvlly that he w.s imade of money, and woas nicknamied the walking hourse. One day he a.kedl a friend to dine with him ; when the bill was presented he felt in his peeket-, aind exclaimed, " I left my pure at hoIne. No matter, there is plenty here;" with which he seized a table-nife and ripped hii I self open. Eighteen hundred and one, d ye call it Sil. But let it be yeo" secret, nay friend. The world will not love vuis for nmaking it fifty years older than it is.' It was ridiculous to attempt to combat such ob.tinaey as this, and as the subjtjet pnrucred nothing but excitement and irrita tion, I dropped it and InlcleIsl with it no u more, leaving him to his ouneictiou that I' was cracked in this one particular. In fa "t. it was a matter of no eonsluenee a: all : what came very muclh elc-er hn lt was the business of our deliverance, anld over thi, t we talked long and vir- enarnetlv, for he forgot to be n a- ti andd fere an tcwstfcul, and I to dis.ike and fear him. wheu wes ok: 1 of getting iaway witll our tre.-urec, ani Ic turning to our initive holn. Fir hour after hour would we ,-c on plot- i ting and planning and scheming, stepping shout thle cvok-hu-e in our earnl-,Letrs, and entirely eng-ro,,d with the topie. HlLs oia tentionl was that if we were to sare the moneyc and plate, we munt save thil sahooner. f' inh-s we build a vessel,' said I. SOut of what I' ' Out of thi's shooner.' * Are you a carpenter t' said he. * No.' I replied. Seitlher aim I.' said he. ' It's pe 'ible we might contrive such a . struc tlure as would enable usI to save our livest: but we have not the skill to produce a ivs-e?l big enou-hti to contain tho,-e chesto as well as ourselves, an d the stonres we, hould sluireto take. Btesides, do you knlow the is no labour more fatiguing than knocking such a craft as this to Ipices :' This I very well believe, and it was truer of such a vessel as the Ihea del l)ragum, that was a perfect bed of timber, and, like the Lnluglln Mary, built as if vhe was to keep thie teas for three hIundreld ears. A' nd eUppeoing,' said he, " after infinite tail we suorcetes ie bre:king up as much of her as we wanted, what appliances have we oi re-chaping the curved tunIrs-r and whiene are we ct, lay the keel ? La?toutr as we might, the cold would prove too much for ua. No, Mr. RclVInr , to ?ave the treasure, ay, and to save oun elves, we must rave thie ship. Let us put our minds to that.' In th isway we would rea-on, and I con fes he talked very sensibly, taking vry practical views, aicd indicating diiicultie which my more ardecnt and inmaginative nature might have been blind to till they immova-bly ocufrented me, nmd recndterel days of labour useless. Bat how was the ship to be saveLd? Wtas it poetible to forca Nature's hand; in other wolrds, to ianticipate our release by the disesolution of the ice! We were both aubagd that thL w-as the winter reaso?u in three seas, thougrh hie instantly gbrew bulky if I untioned thile imrotL. for hIe ,as as certain I waus as nmad in this as in the year, ilind he would eve nm very malignantly if I pereist?. in calting it July. But, as I lIave said, we awenre hih agresd tlct the stommier was to rOute, and though we muld not swear tltat the ice w?as floatlmir northwards, we had a right to believe so, in spite of the firreuess of Ite cold, this being the trick of all these frozen states ?lwhen thlry fetch to the heights uider which we lay; and we would uk each other whether we should let our hands and minds rest idle and n-ait to see what the summer would do for us, or reay to launch the schoouer. ' If, aaid he, ' we wait for the ice to hreak up it may break us up too.' ' Yes, said I; 'but how are we to cut the erreel out of the ice in which she is seatcd to above the gUrboard streuiak ? WaiLing is odlious and intolerable work; but my oanu onviction is, nothing is to be done till the sun oomrs this way, and the ice crumbles into bergs. The land iads lea1rues long, and vanishes in the south; but it s waasting fast in the north, and when this g-ae is done I shall expect to see twenty hergs whera it was befure all compact.' hs you may gurea, our long cenveraa tions left us without plans, bitter as was our need, and vigouroo as were our efforts to strike upon some likely scheme. How ever, if they achievled no more, they served to beguilethe time. and what was better yet, they took my companione' mind off his nau?reas and revolting r?sole t av, no that it was only now and agan, when he had dained a fall tasl, asalhis little ea daned in their thieak-hagedu *r• s t br .sektansammsme wishthea9 "";. of tn:mlar, rapiher, plnkwtn!:ing, hanging, tieu:heries of nid kind and crueltick too barbarous for belief. Cuarren XLX.--TW TALE A V ErW Or TEr Ice. For resen days the gale rag.ed with un comiulmot violence; it then broke, and this brought us into the first week of )August. The wind fell in tile night, and I was awakcned t the hilence, whith you will not I think strang, if you comider how utws were my ears to the tierne seething and Stloug Ir-ellowing of the blast. I lay listening, beierving that it-had onlr vcer?/l, Rtdl that it would lomne onh again in gou-4 and gour; but the stillness continued, andr there was t, t sound whatever ?ving the n,,ise, of the ie e, which broke upon the air like slow answervc frona?b tteries n-ear and distant, half whose annersst have been ilenced. I slept again, and when I awolns it was hanlf-pat nine o'clock in the mornielg. The Frenchman ,was snorirg lustily. I went ,on deck befure entering the cook-hulow, and t haod like to have been butided by the wto,nish- 1 ing brilliance of the snushine upon the ice t andrsnow,. All the wind was goone. The air woos cquisitely fro-ty and sharp. But there wrs a heavy omund comning from the a sea which gave tne to expcat the sightt of a strong swoll. The sky was a clear blue, and thelre w: no cloud on au nminul of its face as showed betwixt the brown of the slopes.C. The ocl?ontr woa a most wonderful picture of droopilg icicles. A monre toautiftd -an t rldliant ight youould no4tfigure. From eve:ry t rope, from the yards forward, from the rails, d from wh:tever water could rnm in a stream, o hung gloriour ice- pendlants of prim?atic v splendour. No ,now had fallen to frost thea surfaces, and every pendant was as pure and a polished as cut-glass and reflected a hundrled brilliant colours. The water Ihrllc over and t on the schioouner had frozen upytn the masts, rigging, and decks, and as tios ice, like the the pendants, was very Sparklingly bright, it , gave back all the hues of the suunb.cn, so r that, stepping from the darkncess of the cabin intor this cffulgent acene, you might ea ilv have ta-rsuaded yourself that before you i stpho the fabric of a ship fa?hionad out of a u rainbow. b Myattention. however, wa.s quickly with- L drawn fnror this shirinng *rwtacle'hy the app- urance of the starboard cliff over against our ltnrater. The whole e.oulder of it had broken away, and I could just catch a view t of the horizon of the sea from the deck by e stret::hing rmy figure. The sight of the Ocean showed me that the breakage had been , proligiors, for to have come to that prospct before, I shlould have had to climb to the height of the main lower mastheal. No olther roatrked or noteworthy chan;ge did I detct t from the dak ; but on ste-pling to the lar bardl side to peer over I spIdl a split in the ilce that re:whed from the very margrin of the rnaine, I mean to that cud of it where it f tenninatcd in a clitt, to p.-s the bwsn of the t wchooner by at le.at four times her own length. I returned to the rook-roont and went about the old bustiness if lighting the fire and a preparing the rcvakfa.st-this job, by an b tunde?t ding blatween the Fr.nchman and me, falling to him wihor wao fir:t out of bed- t andin about twenty ruinute Tasnal arrivLd. ' The wind is gone.' said he. t ' Yes' I replid, ' it is a briht, still morn ing. I have been on ddck. There has been a great fall of ice close to.' SDoes it block us .' ' No, on the contrary, it clear the way 4o the sea ; the nrean is now visible from the - deck. Not that it mends our case,' I added., ' But there is a great r?nt in the ice that puts a fancy into my head ; l speak of it later after a closer look.' The breakfast was ready, and we fell. toin a hurry, the Frerclunan gobbling like a bhog in his caern?nrs to make an end. : Whed tb were finihd hed he wrapped himself up in ttilee or four coats and cloaks, warming the ttiani onea before folding- them about himtI and completing his preparations for the exchrsion bhv swallowing half a pint of raw brandy. : I bale hin arnim himself with a rshort-headed spair to save his neck; and thus equipped we went on deek. ... , Ite st,,o stock-still with his eyes-shnt on emerging through the hatch, crying out with ia number of French oaths that he had been struck blind. This did not believe, though I raelily supposed thatthe glaemadebhi ye bIlls smart so as to cause him a good ealpf agony. Iudeed, all along Ihat bennur prived that he should have found his sight so ersily after having sat in. blindnest for forty-eight years, and it was not wonderful tinhat the amazing brilliance on deck, smiting hi, might on a sudden, abould have cauasd him to cry out as if he hadl lost the use of his. eyes for ever. .. ? I waite4 patiently, 'and. in about: ten minutes he was able to look about him, and then it was not long before hecould see with out pain. i He stood a -minute gazing at the glories upon the rigging, and in thatpiercuing light I notclr the unwholesome cohotr of hiface. His cap hid the scar, and nothing of, his countenance was to. be seen Int the ehreks, eyes, and onose; he was much mre wrinkled than I hadsruppoedl, and methortuht the rpirit of ruelty lay visible in every line. I had never seen eyes ls full of cunning and trenchery-- m expreraive, I should say, of these qtualities, yet they wenre no bigger than rera pnmturas. I was sensibioof a amom- n tary fear of the nlmn-not, let me say, an emotion of cowanlice, but a sort of mixtute of alarm and as-e, such as a ghost miht ianspiur. This I put down to the searching light in which I watched him for a moment or two, an irradiation subtle enough to give the Sharpert form to expression, to exquisitely defraue every meaning that wai di+ tingxuihable in Ias graveyard physioiruomy. I left him to stare and judge for himself of the p.? ire in which the long; hard gale had put tthIe .?lsutner anditepped over to the two taolie. The? were shrouded in ice from head to foot. a:s th,,ugh ther had each man l?een pa:Lcked in a gla?i ca.se cuningly wrought to their shaps. Their faces were hidden by the crystal r:heks. Tae.-?rdnjoined me. SIIL.ul el:::,'" for yo0ur friends now,' said I, ' evreu if yotl r areagre-ble to my props .el to attaljpt to rive, them.' So !' cried he. touelhing the body of the tate with toi fo r; ' ad this is the end of the it-a i-tile Tl'nrutauve i for what con ua-ts I:s DI)Iath nilbol him ) bravely ?i oe . the oelollotr, tine in himnt like fifty kiinlts iof ribiurel:. l,?r fellow I he could not curli Iis moustahits so)w, though the lv.-liet tii iu Euirope wer, ficat in lnssi,)rrtt, adrinition on limn. He'll nevershlt anothr throat, nor hiccup Petrrcht over a g~,t1 t nor remturanit te with me ol riV huIrnauity. shall rwe tsth tth i bi? over the ide ' ' Thoy are your fliend,' sa:id I; 'do ,as " ltat we rnlst emlrtr thtir po.kets firt. Bu.inics I?.rfre ,ntimlent, r Mr. HeIuey. lie stirrrl the figure again with his foot. S'rcll, prentlty.' idl het, this armour will want tho hat?hct. NoSwi, i y friend, ti view the mrk otf the 1ale. The inrcreasl hal of the ship hrouTht the Ltrhoant fore-chatlnel lown and we t-pvlotl. without difi-nulty Inm it on the ice. Th-s rent or tiB-lmr that I havre Itfore spoktn of went very deep; It was no-arly two ftot wid: in poae, bt, though theri light piundvl brilliantlv upyun it, I Could ~,e ntl lottota. SIf onla ?oh anIthlrr opli as ttis wsould Imapwn t'other idel said the Fren.iun.tir, SI believe this bla*k woiuld go. adrift.' * Well,' mid I, after rmu-ing a litrite whilt r ran mr eve over tihe hlloow-, * I'll tell yu rlwhat wos in my mtnd just now. There is - itreit quantity of gunpowder in the h-Ih: trln or n dozen barrels. By drrppingr Lare pnsrele of it into the ervieev ,) the rie ht there, and firing it with 5low-m:rt(abe--' IIe itrt-rmptc l me with a cry: ' IS ?t. I'ill, y?oa have it ! What reae' have We walkedl briskly nnord thie vrct, anl all ablut her beam and startoerd quartr rt found, in addition tr the sen·m?s I had before I notircd, non-a great enrsLo mmii fiari.s. iroo.td no doiouit by tile fall 5f the .-oultder of the slope. I pulthd on fulrther vt, gaoin Sdrtwn the ravine, as I have callul it, runtil I ame to the alge; and hre I Ilokel diwo Sfrom a height of vinre twslive or fourtc-n feet--s greatly hatd the ire asunk or twen changi,! bl the weather-urip i lr e o' i n. I called t, o'-oardl. HIe apprtualhed warily. I Sbeiiwed he feari l I might be ttmpted to give a him at friendly shove over the edge. SObeerve this hollow,' Mid I; ' the splt threm (u down to the water, and you mat tlake if ht the loc o io wholly dieon 'tea on that'side. N ow luKk at the hlae oft the ire.' aidd I, itointink to the stubohrd or right-hat l ,'ide; ' that crack goes aifar as the vcrel's quarter, aid the wealnkure carried n to pa-t thie owe by the other reit,. Mr. Tasoard, if we could buret this aWly of ic.e ly anl expl$ien from its moor Pg. ahe.ad of the howsprit, where it is all t?n c. ompo.t, this cradle with the srhooter in it will go free of the parent body.' lie auinwered luioptly, ' Yea; i is thegse and only plan. That crack tostarbumd islike telling us what to do. It is well you came lere. W' should not have seen it from the top. This valley ruin steep. You muet es loet no more thln the Surface to be liberated, for the foot of the clil will go'deep? 'I decire no more.' Will the ship stand euch a lanchelop p rug we bring it aboute said he. d , I r?eqndedwithu ne of hisownalhruge,.ad. 'No, ' Nothing is certain, We hare ooso t?to coerces to choose-to ventare 'this aou-Lh, or stay till the ice breakl'p,man& take our chance of floating, or of being ba?-h.edl.' ' Y oare right,' he exerlaimd. ' Here is an opp?rtunity. If we wait, berawma?n gather about this point and build nus . Atl to this island diss Aving, we are yet to knoew rhihi way 'tia heading. Suppo.e it.- leumltd he travclling south, hey :' It struck the ice with his csear, and, w tiled up. the slippery rccks with diticulty to the ,hip. We walked paet the laws to the ditanere of the vcrsel? rlength. Here were many deep holes and reakse, saltes if we welre to he taught how these ommeo about, even whilht we were viewing them. an ear-splitting crash of noise happenaed within twenty fathoms of us, a rok many toun in weighLrulledover, andlefta bleok guff tehind it. The Frenncman started, mattered, and arc?ced himself, ' Holy Virgin!' he' ried, rolling his eye. 'Let us return tot the ,chooner. We shall be swallowed uphere.' I own I was not a little terrified myaei.by the sudden loud blast and the thunder of the uprooted rock, and the sight of the huge black rent; bio I meant to view.the soeene from the top, and to consider how best tedi pae of the powder in the cracks, and said, *There is nothing to be done on boardp kulking below will not deliver us or pIervo e he thresure. Here are several fissures bi enough to receive barrels of gunpower. Sees Mr. Tassard, as they taind they ?ever the whole width of the hollow. Anl I proceedod to give him my ideas as to lowering, fixing the barrels, and the like. He nodded his head, and said, *Yea, very. guil ; yes, it will do,' and s on ; .butwms too opared in his heart, I believe, to see my full meaning. He was perpetuallymorvin", as if he feared the ice would split under hia feet, and his eyes travelled over thefaee of the rocks with every manifestation of alarnm in their exprtveion. I wondered howopoor a creature should ever have had stomach enough to serve n a pirate; no doubt his spirit had been enfeebled by his long sleep; but then it is also true that the greate4 bullies and most bloodthirsty rogues prove themselves despicable cuars under condtions which make no demand upon their temper or theirlut for planter. :i na r . He would have returned to the ahiphae I encouraged him, but on seeing me start, to climb to the brow lie followed.? The prope?t diaappointed me., I had eupeated to witneas a variety of Surprising changer,. but south ward the cene was carce altered. It was a wonderfully fair morning, the eky clear from sea-lint to sea-line, andot a very, aft ,blue, he oceanof alike hue, with a high swell running, that was a majestic undlation .even from the height atwhich I surveyed it.a ''he sun stood over the ice in the north-east, and the daule kep, me weeping, so intolerable was the etolulben. .Half of .the delicate -echitecture that had enriched the slopes and sa?ftacesthatway was swept down, a?uiioe Icy..:l ,Udh i'piesato an'eovationfinamny feet, where btefore t hoe. been fat or hollow. However, there was dlo question but that the gale had played ,hapo with the northex tremityaof the i.ilaid. I counted no less than ,twenty btrgs floating of the main, and itwas quite likely the sea was 'crowded beybod, though my sight could not travel so far. , However, when I came tolook cloEe, and io aroulleet the features of the shore as, they Blhowed when I first landed,' I found some vital change near at hand. Where my haven had been theice hodgv" wayandlefta gap half a mile ?oadla i hundredl feet drep, The fall oa the ?chooner'a starboasd quarter was rey heavy, and the ice was split in all directions; and in parts was so looe that ? point of cliff hard upon the sea racked with the swell. WIhen Tasard came to. a staand helookel about him north and south, ohuadiug his eves with his hand, and then, swearing very aragely in Freneah, ha dried .,a, in Engiskh, freely employing oaths AShes? tk- b hree a e as much ioe :as th?em.wa before 1elaoleopl See yonder I.peoiin' to othe oatlh. 'It diesoutinthedistahoa f t does not join the pole there, may. the devilrise before meeas lpeak. ' Thlnderlcu l fury! I hadhoped to ait shrivelled toea ' What in a week t'-edie, as ifi I b lievel his tuporhad. not lated longere .. ie returned no answer, and gaped a*at him full of comanernation and pmamon.,t s And are we to wait for our deliverance till this continent breake up"' h hbawled. i The day of julgment will bea thing of the pa'? by thattime. TravellinS, northct t~alth : he rtared, his mouth full of theex pletives of his day, French and English. Who but a madman could suppose that this ice is not as fixed an the antarctic circle to which it is mooredi Why, six monthsagoit was no bigger than it ts now l' And he sart a furious, territied ga?e .into the white soli tude- vanishing in azure fiintnesm in the sunth-weat ' It was not a thing to reaon pon. I was a mauch dioappointed ma h by tdiiihiantO s tite gale hadmal, and my heart fltvery heavy at the eight of the gnat field diap perring in the soth. The bera in the north sibifed little. It istrue ey'indi catal demulition, but demolition so low as to he worthless to us. It wasnut to bequem tioned that the iland was pruocding north, bot at what rate1 Here, pehap, mighthea fuzes rrucent of for Glty or la ; and at what pced, aprptiable oogh to bo the licot ronoelnaee to our ealonlaiors, hould. such abodytravel.? :, : I I loolk ltthe FHrnehmaan.. SIlaTis must deride us!' amid I.: 'We mut fix on one of two com.ire-edeavor to lanch the ship by blowinag up the ice, ar turn to anmd rig .up the het arramgment we cam contrive and put to sea.' ' Yes.' he answered, scowling ma he darted hitr Tngedeyescpvetheeie. 'Better set a low-match in the utagmaine and drink ou eelvcu ren-locs, and no blow ounrmelv to hell, than linger hem in the hope that this oamtiouAt will dioaolve and release us. Where' fcnudoza's taly " I stared atout macnd thea pointing to the hutige gp the icr htad made, answe?ml, *It I wao ther. Wh\\\'tr it is now I know not.' lie toerugd hit ohouldoer , tuok another Sview of t?e ice old the o<een, and thenari?cd impatict'ly, eI us return l the pokwde Slarrmlo tn-t htavi tih, rt crl nc . Ad he i made for thcl e o I Omr. Icvaely striting th ir " with hi- -wr nild rtl??,wling cmi e to i himjo-lfoah lol?o:hi' ?hdhlimlanduljn?ped ' hi* way along. 