MISCELLANY. l'oet fob thft aged.—GtSf. Hohthr's PoiKt-To kiU gam?. . Fascinating Tales.—PeaGGcka'. , The Adyaxce-0 u ard. —A betrothal ring. A Bioo on toast is wortbtwoin the band. A Rash Intruder.—MeaaleB.—London Fun. • The High-metalled Racer.—A locomo tive cuglno. Light housekeeping frequently follpwa a BfcteitbonUl match; " One swallow doesn't tn&ke; a summer, but several ewAllowsm»ke* Sail. A Couhter' Irbwaw,-1-The lelluir who - Tub only way to get A ben out of the garden is.to go alow Out ahoo'er.-Texas fciltlhzs. Tukiuc wouldn't have been any milk in the | »•.»- Jahjuiuo naa nan ine construction ?.°PC—Texas 8iftings. 1 Miss De Smtthe—"I wonder why these I mosquitoes never ccme to the hotel?" Cholly— | " Th< y can't afford it."—Harper's Bazaar. IIE—"Talking about names, I wish I could | tret mine changed. 1 think it is too ugly (or nay thing." She (enthusiastically)—"Oh, 1 don't. I think It is just lovely !" " Wives should never conceal anything I from their husbands," says a writer. If this advice was carried out it would create a revolution in | feminine pockets. Floor Walker—" What i9 it you want— the elevator ?'' Farmer Blusterbarn— " New; the debilitator. We want ter go down to the cellar, or the basement, ez ye call it."—H it pel 's Boztar. Frenchman (proudly)—" You have not in ze German empire anything so tall as zj great Eiffel tower." German (indignantly)—" No, und you dou't I got noddings so stboud like Llmburger cheese 1" Black Ingratitude.—Mother—" Dar, now, 1 done tole yer not to (day wid dem white elilldens. Dey Jiok all de lasses off j'er bread and den call ycr I nigger 1"—Texas Sittings. Barber (with a sneer)—"Who cut your] hair last sir V Customer—" You did." Barber (with a ghost of a smile)—" Ah, yes, so I .did. And an ex cellent j >b it was, too.'' He—" I'm the piano-tuner, mum." She— " I haven't sent for any piano-tuner." He—-Yes mum, 1 know mum ; it were the gentleman next dopr sent meherc, tnuru.i—Texas sittings. Boston Girl—" When cold I put cotton in uiy cars." Ahicago Girl—".[low many balos?" Boston Girl—" About twenty. Enough to fill one of your slippers. Type-writer Agent.—" I called to see you I in reference to your type-writer. Would you exchange it you could get some improvements?" Merchant—I " I cant. I'm engaged to her." A Correction.—Sub-assistant Maid (inves tigating the curios, to euperior othc.-r)—" I kaint mek out why Mis* Julia calls dese t'ings break her back." Superior Officer—" lgnunt clii e! She don't. She calls 'cm brick lier back." A Good Little Bot.—"Pa. you wouldn't oare if I gave a cripple part of the dollar you sent me out to change?' "No, inv eon. Why?" "lieoause 1 gave 60 cents of it to the one-legged mm that sells tickets to the circuB." Reflex Repentance—Parkson—" I'll bet I 53 cents that Melville's girl has jilted liim." llieiiford —"What makes you think to?" I'arkson—"Why, he's out under the trees looking for the pipe lie threw away lost month." " How those Boston people lionise that Miss Hunter—and a more unattractive girl than she I never met." " Ah, but you forget. She is the only Boston woman who hasn't read 'Robert Elsmcre,' and never heard of Browning." Hotel Clerk—"Good night, sir; mind and don't blow out the gas." Green Guest—" Don't blow it out, you say ; why, you don't expect a chap to sleep with all that light in the room, do you ?" "I am from St Louis,"said n young man, as he registered at a Chicago hotel. " Oh, wed," re plied the clerk, compassionately, " put your address I down as New York. Your awful secret will be safe [ wilh m.-."— Harper's Bazaar. A Commercial Paradox. — Customer— " bay, Rotbstein, who's that man doing all that yel ling and screaming and swearing at the clerks in the rear of the store ?" Rothstein—" Oh, dot vos Rosen berg, der silent pirduer."—Puck. A Hint to the Newly Married.—Bride— " George, dear, when we reach town let us try to avoid leaving the impression that we arc newly married." " All right, Maud ; you can lug this valise." Visitor—" So your sister iB off on a visit, Willie? I suppose rou feci very lonesome without I her?" Five-year-old Willie (dubious'*}') -" Ye-es, IJ feci lonesome, but—I'm a good deal more comfort- ' able." Ingenious.—"Ah, madam,"said the tramp, "I haven't liad a mouthful for two days." " Why, 11 cave you a whole pie yesteid-y !" "bo you did mum | —so you di J. But the two days I refer to are to-day and to-morrow, mum." . C.—" Are you eoing to leave your wife at I hinie this summer again when you take your vaca tion?" D.—"No, indeed; I am going to take her | along. I spend too much money when I am alone on my vacation." Johnny—" Pa, lend me your cane." Pa— I " What do you want to do with it?" "Fanny and ( me want to play as if we was married." "No, Johnny, you must not hit your sister with the cane. : You might hurt her. Why will you children always quarrel and fight?" A Great Drawback.—Mrs. Henpeck—" My dear, you will make a sad mistake if you marry Mr. Meak. He has no beard and he wears a wig." Daughter—" What difference does that make?' " Huh I You try manaeing a husband with no hair of his own and you'd find out." " Can't I take your name for this new en cyclopedic dictionary?" asked the book agent " it is an encyclopaedia and dictionary all In one." " No, sir," said the man addressed, " I have no use for it | whatever. You see, 1 married a Boston giiL" In a Modern Home.—Master of the House (at the door)—" Maria, is your mistress in V Maria (benignly)—" Mistress is out, sir; but you can come in if you wipe off your shoes and keep quiet, so as not to disturb the cook. She's gone upstairs to take a nap." Mb. Fargoxe—"My dear friend, I am in despair. Xliat girl's heart is a* hard as steel, I can make no impression on it" Friend—" You don't go at it in the right way. Try diamonds. They arc harder than steel."—Texas Sittings. A Thoughtful Girl.—Husband—" Your I sister Jennie has run away and got married eloped." Wife (faintly)—" What was she married in ?" Husband — "Silk." Wife (relitwed) — "Thrn she didn't disgrace the family after all Whom did she marry ?" First Lesson in Physiology.—Dialogue in j a Bath-tub between a Couple of Detroit Youngsters.— "Say, Fweddy, is we sewed or pasted whether?" "Sewed, of course, Tom. If we was pasted we'd I come apart in the water, just like my scrap-book I did." Romantic Spinster—" Excuse me. sir, butts not this the spot where the beautiful girl fell into the water last summer, and was so gallantly rescued by the gentleman who afterwards, married her?" Practical Bachelor (giving her a penetrating glance)—" Yes, ma'am ; but I can't swim."—Puck. Gratitude.—Citizen (to country editor)— " That was a very handsome notice you gave me In this week's paper, Shears, and I called in to—to—." { " Er— to subscribe for a year?" "N-no; to see if you bad an odd copy lying about any where."—Texas Sittings. The Wrong Department. — Magnificent Creature (actress, in newspaper counting- room)— " Oh, sir, I called to see the paper in regard to a very large number of valuable diamonds and a quantity of jewellery which were stolen from my room at tho hotel last night." Clerk—" Yes, madam. Will you i kindfy step to the advertising department, two win dows to the left." "Have you any work on punctuation?' tho asked at the bookstore. " Sorry to say wc are just out." " Well, p rbaps you could tell'mo what 1 want to know. What does a mark under a word signify f "That is to emphasise the word." "Oh, I see. Thank you." And as she passsd out a clerk I heard bar whisper to herself, "And James put five marks under the word ' Dear.*"—Detroit Free Press. Sunday-school Superintendent—" I am pained to learn that two of the little boye of the school hare absented themselves to-day, In order to go fishing. You wouldn't go, would you. Master Norton r Master Norton—" No, sir." Sunday- school .euperintendent-T-" Now. tell thD rest of the Scholars why you wouldn't go fishing Sunday." Master Norton —'"Cause It's too Cold,V«t, to patch anything."— Judge.-; ;' 7 ■ ■ . • Grocer—" Good morning. Mr. Oatcake What bring* you back tbthe city soooonf* Fanner Oatoake—'• Waal, I'm going -to havo a good many more summer boarders than F expected, ho you might send me 10 more cases o' canned vegetables I" , *' Pat a," Raid Amy, kesltattngly, "I—I ] must Copfces something.' Hariy aod l hid arranged ho e)ope -to-night, hut my conscience troubled mo; and 1 Just bafftq tell you, and spoil It all," " ft need not spot) It, replied (nofond parent; "go ahead and elope, bat never tctl t knew ot'it, It will save the I expense W a wedding." 