Remarkable (3-host Story, A SEAL HAUIN i :. i- HOUSE. A ?emav::::];:-1 ' ;-r!:i J:' story comes froi^ Gra :.?.-. is i:. : appears that Mr. Peter BotL- ??;;. -. i the employ of the South Met]-, j -i atan Gas Company had resided for three years with his family at 15, Horseferry Road, Greenwich, a j four-roomed house. Mrs. JBothwick ? had been troubled by hearing inex plicable noises, which her husband had tried to explain away. The previous ! tenant, who occupied the house for 29 | years, states that he never heard any j noises, but his wife had often com plained to him that she heard sounds like children falling out of bed. About two years ago the Bothwicks were away from home, and a neighbour states that during their absence he heard loud rappings in the house. Twelve months later, in July, 1888, Mr. Both wiek was in the country for a holiday, and on the 25 th there were in the house Mrs. Bothwick, Mrs. Stedman, and Mrs. Lloyd. At ten minutes to eleven these three were in the back sitting room, which is divided from the passage by a wooden partition running to the top of the house, when they heard three hard blows as of a man's fist on the cellar door. Much alarmed they r:ished off to bed and heard no more that night. All went well until July 25th of the present year, the anni versary of the former manifestation. At twenty minutes to teu at night there were in the house Mrs. Bothwick and Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd, while a Mrs Parkinson was in the next house, ad joining the passage. The three persons i first named heard loud raps on the partition, and Mr. Lloyd went out and searched the passage, but saw no one, and searched the cellar with a aimiliar result. The rapping continued, some times appearing to be on the partition, and sometimes under the stairo. It turned out that Airs. Parkinson was not the person rapping and on Mr. Lloyd giving a rap on the wall he was surprised by hearing at the cellar door, close to his elbow, three knocks which shook the partition, and was almost sufficient to knock the cellar door down. He opened the door on the in stant, and searched the cellar but found nothing. He knocked again, and in reply there came three terrific knocks on the cellar door which Mr. Lloyd had just closed. He immediately opened it again, and nothing could be seen, although a lamp in the passage shone into the cellar. Shortly after wards Mr. Bothwick and Mr. Parkin son, who had been out together, re turned home. The knocking continued, and they made a, careful inspection of both houses but found nothing unusual. Half an hour later two police officers arrived, and stayed some time. The knockings continued as before, at one time on the cellar door, at another on the stairs or on different parts of the partition . The people who were in the house also state they distinctly heard footsteps on the floor above the passage, but on going up could see no one. The police considered the matter a practical joke, but could not suggest how it was done. Meanwhile the knocking, which could be plainly heard on the other side of the road, had attracted a large crowd, and one of the men volunteered to communicate with the ' spirit.' A conversation somewhat to the following effect ensued : — Are you a man ? — No answer. Are you English % — Three raps, supposed to mean ' yes.' Are you a woman ? — Three raps. Ai'eyou in great trouble '? — Three raps. Have the people in this house harmed you ? — No answer. You are troubling this house a deal 1 — Three raps. Did your friends harm you ? — Three raps. Did they kill you ? — Three tremendous raps. Mrs. Bothwick here exclaimed ' For goodness sake, let the man go away.' He remained, however, at Mr. Both wick's wish, and continued the ques tioning, with the result that the in terrogator pronounced that a woman was troubling the house on account of some crime committed many years ago. The ghost would aot answer any frivo lous questions such as ' Will you come out and have drink with me ?' About midnight the knocking began to sub Side and the crowd dispersed, but the Bothwick family would not go to bed. Mrs. Bothwick lay on the bed for an hour or so with her clothes on, and Mr. Bothwick sat on the couch till he went to work at six the next morning, and two young men stayed with him. The rapping gradually died away, and ceased altogether about one o'clock. The Bothwicks determined not to re main in the house, and on the following Tuesday removed to Haddo- street, sit ting up on nearly all the intervening days, until midnight. Two ladies, who appeared to be interested in the subject of spiritualism, called before they re moved, and said they should have liked to have heard the rappings. O ne of them said she did not suppose the spirit would trouble anyone until next year, but it might as it had been spoken to. To Prevent Rnsi on Tools.— Every farmer should keep a can of the following mixture : Kerosene two quarts ; linseed oil, one gill ; resin, loz. Melt the resin in the linseed oil and add to the kerosine. Coat all steel or iron tools, wherever bright, with this, when they are to lie idle, if only for a few days. It will not take half a minute or half a teaspoon ful of the mixture to coat a plough when one has finished using it, and it will prevent all rus*. and fiive half a day's time in cleaning it when it is again needed, besides saving the team many thousands of pounds extra pulling. Coat the iron works of the movers aud reapers with it when they are put away for the winter. A. little rust is only a little thinff; but it makes much difference io the aggregate-. 