Eastcrtide and the Resur- rection. Happy and holy thoughts come troop ins:through ntany¢.duvout-.niuds . axe. we is pre-eminently a Christian 'festival, and is associated with the greatest fact enshrined in Christian history. Next to the Incarnation stands the great miracle of the Resurrection, and that miracle was at once a revelation and an inspiration.. It was a revelation of the spiritual world and of our own connec tion with the unseen, and through many centuries past it has been an inspiration, to Christian workers, creating those divine enthusiasms which have made the world a thousandfold better. The glory of the Incarnation was 'a hidden glory, but the glory of the Resurrection was open and manifest from the first. From that day of surprise and wonder through.: all the.. centuries of human history down to the present, the Resur- rection of Christ his held its place as one of the great foundation-stones of the faith, and one of the supreme evidences of the Christian religion. On that one event the superstructure 'of Christianity stands or falls. The history of Christanity is so inextricably bound up with the story of the Resurrection that if the historic verity of that one event can be impeached, if it can' be' shown that there is any flaw in the evidence, any link wanting to complete its golden chain, then the entire fabric of the Christian faith must suffer. There are but few people even among our churches, who have in any com petent way grasped either the teachings or.the: value of this one fact of the Resurrection. It must seem strange to many persons who.are unaccustomed to weigh evidence, that the very 'exist ence of Christianity as a great religious system shoduld' be staked upon 'one event, and' that event supernatural, and yet a piece of history that must be subjected to the ordinary canons of historical criticism,' and may be verified or disproved precisely in the same way as any other historical event ; yet it is so. And- in this very fact which at first sight may seem a weakness, the strength of our Christian evidence is found. 'No single event in all human history has been more critically investi, gated, or more powerfully assailed than this; and no event has more completely stood the test. No link in the chain of evidence has been, found wanting.. The histrical criticism of our own age acknowledges the flawless evidence of the Resurrection considered as a piece of human history. Hence that which the first sight seems a weakness becomes a tower of strength It does seem` a weakness to stake all the issues of a great conflict upon one solitary position, which being lost all is lost. But this Christianity has done and with what result ? Simply this, that -to day with all the keen and subtle methods em ployed by modern criticism, the position is untaken, and historically speaking the fact of the Resurrection stands upon an unshaken basis It will be seen from this; that hostile criticism has ren- dered an immense service. to Christian- ity, because' it has tried to shake the historic crediblility of the Resurrection, sid has signally failed. Hence sceptics and unbelievers have been driven to account for the Resurrection by ingeni ous inventions, which, however, plau sible, cannot stand the searching light of day The mythical theory of Strauss, and the ghost theory of Renan, are both as incredible as the cock and bull-story of the Jewish rulers, —Christian World. 