Spiritualism Extraordinary. A Strange Story. An inquiry was ordered by tho Lord Chan cellor in London, to investigate the alleged lunaoy of Major Samuel Richard John Owen, late of the Indian army. Tho petitionors were Mr. Samuel Walsh Owen and Mr. Leopold Henry Owon, sons of tho alleged lunatic, for whom Mr. George Candy, Q.C., andMr.Stroud appeared. Major Owen, who occupiod a seat by the side of tho master, was roprossnted by Mr. Fiulay, Q.C., M.P., and Mr. Upjohn. He TCfin dpur.Tilif A no fnrmArlw T'/ioidinrv of. ATrtnnf Sion, Ventnor, lslo of Wight, and also at Flanders road, Chiswick. Mr. Candy, in opening the casu for tho peti tioners, said Major Owen served with distinction in tho Indian army during the mutiny. On returning ho went to Ventnor to live. The facts which ho Bhould moro especially bring to the notice of tho jury arose principally out of tho relationship that had subsisted during the past two years botween the major and a young lady named Mary Marloy, whoso maiden name was Mary Johnson. Subsequent to that introduction, tho major seemed to have taken to the study of spiritualistic literature, and there was no doubt that at present ho was firmly convinced that ho was constantly in communication with tho unseon world, his theory of life being that ho must obny tho behests of persona who wero neither tangible nor visible to mortal hands or eyes. Every action of his lifo was governed accordingly, even to tho most trivial points. In the houso at Ventnor, called Mount Sion, there waB one room fitted up in a most gorgeous way, and was described as ' The holy of holies,' and into which profane persons were not allowed to cntor, but whero tho most Berious communica tions took placo between tho supernatural and thoso .persons who woro allowed by tho major to bo present. Mary Johnson, tho niece of Mr. John F. CollingwoocI, marriod a young man named Frank Marloy in tho latter part of 1886, nnd the honeymoon, roinarkablo to say, waB Bpent by tho husband and wife with the respondent. Afterwards Major Owon took Mrs. Marley abroad. Shortly after tho mar riage Mr. and Mrs. Marley ceased to livo together as husband and wife, but on August 29 following Mrs. Marloy was confined of a female child in the chamber of the holy of holies, and counsel read a long and extraor dinary letter which the respondent wrote Mr. Collingwood, describing certain circumstances attending tho confinement, and in which he explained that ho wrote in order that informa tion might como direct from him in the first instance, ' aa secrets slip like water if these concern your mother, wife, or daughter.' (Laughter.) Ho described the confinement as an abnormal one, and in apostcript said, '* Mr. Gladstone has dirty work to do yot, and dirty hands must do it.' (Laughter.) Although Mrs. Marley believed faho waB a virgin, the fact remained that she was delivered of a female child, and Major Owen was undor tho belief that the child was miraculously and immaculately conceived, and expressed groat disappointment at the sex of the child, as he thought it would havo represented tho second person of the Trinity. Eight days prior to tho birth of the child it was supposed that a prince was born in the upper chamber, and that it was taken up to heaven by the major's deceased wife, ihe major thought he was in constant communication with tho angels, that Mrs. Frank Marley was an angel, and had told his son that on receiving a mandate to tho effect he would sacrifice him in the same way as Abraham did Isaac. On another occasion the major bought a picture at an auction for £8 10f., and had to take it homo to uscertiin tho subject. He bought it because of a supernatural communication, and tho subject turned out to boMelcbisedek. Counsel contended that Major Owen was incapable of managing his affairs, and called evidence in support of his state ment, including Mr. Collingwood, of 06 Great Portland street, who had been associated with Major Owen at the Anthropological Society. Mrs. Mary Miller, the nurse who attended Mrs. Marloy in her confinement, said Major Owen described tho birth as a miraculous one, but witness said she could eeo nothing miraculous. Tho maior told witness she did not understand things— that Mrs. Marloy was an ' angel woman.' (Laughter.) The major put his hands on Mrs. Marloy and called her his darling. Mrs. Marley asked the major if ho thought ic was possible for him to have a baby. He replied, ' Quite possible.' Wit ness said, ' If you do, I will nurse you myself and keop myself into tho bargain.' (Loud laughter.) Major Owen said, 'Don't make r.,th promises.' Ho had also told her that Mrs. Marley could ace things and call upon 'the spirit of his mother. He also said that a vase in the room moved at such times. He told her he had been to tho Holy Land, hud seen tho serpent with the bruised head, and he showed her a dove's feather which he had taken from the ' Crown of ThornB.' (Laughter.) . Questioned by Mr. Finlny, wit ness said the feather came from Mount C.il vary. She thought tho major had got ' a tilo looso.' Dr. J. M. Williamson, practising at Ventnor, said on August 29, 1887, he attended Mi's. Frank Murlny in her confinement Thoro were two others in the room besides the nurse, the patient, and himself. To this ho objected, but all remained, including tho respondent. It was an ordinary confinement. There was nothing unnatural in it. Mrs. Sarah Sophia Owen, wife of ono of the petitioners, and residing at Cbiswiok, said tho major ana Mrs. Marley came on a visit to them in June of this yeir, and stayed with them three weeks. During that timo she had frequent conversationa with tho respondent, during which she was told that eight days prior to the confinement of Mrs. Marley a little prince was born, and that it w-is taken up to heaven by the major, and doliverod up to the care of its mother, who frequently appeared to the major. The major also said he saw this little prince and Mrs. Marloy's baby lying together in tho samo cradle. The respondent asserted ho had communication with above through mediums. August 23, tho wituoss was told, was tho anniversary of the birth of the ' Golden Prince.' Ou that day they woro all taken up into the room called tho 'holy of holies,' namely, Mrs. Frank Marloy, Mies Mar loy, Miss Harrison, and herself. All oxoopt the witness had whito dresses on. On going into the 'holy of holies' she saw tho major drtssed in a hat with a white feathor in it, and a long whito garment trimmed with gold. The femiles woro white veils. Mrs. Frank Mur ley's baby was brought in and placed in the midst of them, and they woro subsequently told that it ?« as trying to speak to thorn, and that the little Pilgrim Prince was in it. Thoy all knelt down, as thoy wero told thoy wero iu the presence of God. Major Owen was pre sent at tho time. On another occasion, when the witness was in Major Owen's room looking over some books, tho major complained of feoling ill. She did not seo him again until next morning, when he seamed very poorly. He was in bed, and he told her that his spirit had hit tho body, and that it whs now only gradually oominjr baok to it. Mrs. Marley came in, and, addressing him, said, 'You have benn galavanting again.' 'Oh,' said ho, 'whore have I been?' 'China.' t,ho replied, 'helping them with Uieir political matters.' (Laughter.) Several medical gontlomon were noxt oalled to speak to the mental condition of tho respondent. Tho evidence for tho petitioners having boon concluded, Major Owen was callod and ex amined by Mr. Fiulay. He said ho took up the study of spiritualism in 1871. Ho hud also been engaged with Sergeant Cox in spiritua lintio investigation. From tho investiga tions he hud mado, ho himself did not holievo in spiritualism, and never had, nor Baid ho had, any persciial com munication with spirits. Questioned about tho room culled the ' holy of holies,' tho respon dent Baid he never called it that name. That was only what Mrs. Marley oalled it. It was Dimply a room set apart for religious purpose*. He denied the truth of tho evidenoe for tho petitioners generally, saying he wan wholly irresponsible for tho statements attributed to him. Tho allegations against him woro only twiftings of what he had said referring to the spirit oi tho Holy Ghost Mr Frank G. Cox, accountant,' Glouoostor, and Mr. Franois Freeman, rotired tradesman, residing at Ventnor, who hud .had business dealings with tho major, nevor notioed any thing extraordinary either in his conversation or con duct. Mr Frank Marloy said ho was in busi ness at Newport-, but visited Ventnor.' wockly. There was not the slightest ground for tho sug gestion that Mrs. Marley and Major Owon were unduly intimate. Witness was marriod at a registry office in London. Major Owen stayed at tho same placo as they did, but witnoBa did not consider that ho accompaniod them. Ho know his wif o was a spiritualistic medium loforo their marriage. The jury, by a majority of 12 against 11, found Major Owen waB of sound mind. 