A PIT BROW LASSIE, A STORY OF MINING LIFE. BY J. MONK FOSTER, Author of "A Poor Man's Tragedy," " The Moss Pit Mystery,'' " Judith's Romance," "For Love and Gold," etc CHAPTER VIII. Missing. T wanted but few minutes to six o'clock a.m., and the night-shift men belonging to the King Pit were gathered together at the bottom of the shaft ready to ascend. Whilst they were awaiting the coming of the cage that was to bear them to the surface one of the miners inquired : Where's Luke Standish and his states The question was addressed generally to those present, and as no one there was able to offer any information concerning he men spoken of a short pause followed the interrogation. Then one of the others suggested : " Luke an' fathers have happy gone whom." " Mr. don't think so," the miner replied, who had previously spoken. " It's too noon for 'em yet." when the cage came down with a rush filled with day-shaft minors, and as these came forth from out of the iron structure their places were taken by those waiting to ascend. Then the hooker on-the man in charge of the pit bottom pulled the signalling level three times, striking the bell in the engine-house on the surface three times, to let the man at the engine know that the men with the cage, and the next moment the great vehicle with its burden of living beings glided swiftly upwards towards the day. Amongst the men who had come down in the last cageful was the undertaker -the official next in authority to the manager- and going to the officer where the other officials were seated he remark- ed! "'Every thin's a' reef, at suppose ?" His question was addressed to the night fireman, Sam Grimshay, who was just putting an his jacket in readiness to go home, and as he was, of course, ignorant of the mishap which had transpired an hour before at the far end of the north level he replied : "Chay! Everything a' reef. There was a bit o' gas in number two jigs but as gone it cant." " Did you' send Luke Standish au' some means of' harrassing' Doctor's shunt?" " Ah did,'' the fireman replied, " an' when she was there at supper- time they Wnr getting on very well." Ben Chadwick, the undertaker, had no more questions to put to Grimshay, So he took up his can left the office, and was going towards the pit shaft to ascend when he met a pony driver, who was running in the direction of the place the fireman had just quitted. " Wheen are running' of What's up ?" Grimshay demanded of the lad, who answered by asking him a question. "Whoer'sBon Chadwick?" In the' office. What cost want him for?" " Doctor's Shunt has sawn up, an' near o't coalers cou got to their work," the lad exclaimed almost breathlessly. The fireman hurried the pony driver into the presence of the undertaker I and other officials, who listened in amaze- ment to the lad's news. According to a his statement the roof in the shunt indicated had given way, completely block- ing the road, so that all the colliers whose working places lay beyond the fall would to blinked out of .mrkrn...t fo, s,(, day at least. I " And wheat is Luke Standish, that he didn't send word about it after this ?" "Luke Standish!" the lad iterated, seemingly bewildered by the question. " Ay ; wheer is he an' others ?" " Ah dunno know ; above seen now on 'em." " Haply Luke and' his mates will be at other side of' dirt ?" Grimshay sug- j gested. "Ah know as they're not gone ! up their." "Could yo' beer any body worked' at, other side of' dirt?" the undertaker queried of the lad. G "Howe, ah couldn't," was the ready answer. Me an' clothes sheaved money or' value but nobody Hubert to--." An wonder where they are ?" Bon Chadwick asked uneasily and his dis- ' comfort was shared by every man present. The thought which had sprung up instinctively in each mind was that. Luke and his workmates were buried under the ' fallen. roof in Doctor's Shunt. | " We better make sure first as Lake au' others have gone up pit," said the underlooker. Tom," speaking to one of the day firemen, " goes up with Sam i hour, an' get to know for certain' whether these chaps are down or not. If they're up pit their lamps will be into flame hoarse." 1 The man addressed went to the pit bottom with the night fireman, and they ascended the shaft, in company with the ' collier who had been thrown idle through the fall at the far end of the north level. ( On going to the lamp house the man sent thither could find none of the lamps belonging to either Luke Standish, Joe Thomson, or the other two, and this I showed clearly enough that the four men , c were still down the mine. j " The day fireman returned to the pit and descended to tell the underlooker the result of his visit to the lamp station, and " Sara Grimshay went home, after telling i one or two of the men upon the pit bank ' F the news that a great fall had taken place during the morning, and that four men . * were missing, Nor did the fireman re- *' frain from expressing his sorrowful conviction that some one, very likely all, the missing miners were buried under the fallen roof. The ill tidings flew about in all directions, and Kate Leigh was one of the parties to hear them. The names of the missing miners were all known, and when Kate discovered that her lover was among the unfortunates she sustained the keenest shock it had hitherto been her lot to bear. But she made no scene of her sorrow ; she bore her suffering in a quiet dry- eyed way that superficial observers mis- took for i m" i lei ence. Her love for Luke now equalled the affection he cherished toward herself, and his death would mean the overwhelming of all bright visions they had dreamed together. But as the fate of the missing miners yet remained a matter of under tasty liver wishes gave birth to a hope I has helped to lighten the load of suspense from which she suffered. In a short time the ill news reached Luke Standish's mother, and her sorrow dwarfed that of the pit brow lassie. And the relatives of the other miners missing had their grief to bear also. When Kate Leigh went home to breakfast at eight o'clock, she of course, made her mother acquainted with the bad news, and their amiable lodger happened to be present at the time. The pit brow girl did notice the gleam of pressure that lit up Arthur Willesden's dark eyes as she spoke of the accident and of the men who were missing. Had she done so her respect, for that young gentleman would have undergone a speedy change. But his back was towel in her, and the expression of his face passed unnoticed by vase. Arthur was thinking how much easier of achievement would are, this (task he had set himself to du namely, that of whom 11 19 -at- Pt ILale Lcí;í¡i-if an accident in Tho his mine had swept Luke Standish out of the way. There was only two of them in the race, and one of them was totally ignorant in one respect of the value of the prize for which he was running, and with the young minor put aside, the result was easy to calculate. Down the King Pit active measures were being adopted for the recovery or finding of the missing pitman. The un overlooked and one of the firemen, with a gang of totallers, had proceeded along the north level to the fall in Doctor's, and were already hard at work clearing away the great heap of debris. The other fireman, old Ike Ellswaith, a man who had worked in the King ever since its commencement, nearly forty years before, and another gang of work- men were on their way through the air ways, Iko at their head, their destination being the back side of the fall. It was about half-past seven when Ike Ellsworth and his gang reached, by means of the circuitous route they were forced to take, the spot where Luke Standish and his mates had been working only two or three hours before. A hasty glance about the place convinced the old miner that the missing men were not buried beneath the fallen roof. The tools they had used during the proceeding shift were ranged orderly against the side of the road picks, spades, saw, and hammer, all being there. And a more careful scrutiny of the spot showed that the cans and garments of Luke and his workmates were nowhere to be discovered. as Going to the edge- of the fall, Iko spoke to the workmen on the other side. " Is Ben Chadwick there ?" " Ay ! Dun you' want him ?" " Ah do." Ben Chadwick came forward, and standing upon the tail end of the débris asked his subordinate how matters were on the other side The fireman replied that the tools of the missing men were there, but their clothes could not be found, and he expressed himself as satisfied that none of them were hurried order the full. "Then wheer are they?" Chadwick asked. " Lost int' th' airways, a hundred to one !" Ike cried decisively. " Dost think so, Iko the undorlooker queried reflectively. " Ah do, Ben !" the fireman answered, for where else can they be ?" "Ay, just so. Well, that's better goes on look for 'em Iko, an' I'll solid Jim hour to. help thee. Home inquiry men hast wi' time?" Four besides mesol." "Then least three on 'end there to work at fa,' and ten other wi' theo int' th' air-roads. And Jim hear, an' another shall give' you' to help find Luke and his mates." "Aw reef," Iko Ellsworth responded and after giving the workmen instructions he set out to search for the lost miners. CHAPTER IX. THE BOUGH THE WINDOW. When Luke Standish came out of the swoon which followed his dream or supernatural vision, whichever it might be he stared wildly around him, not remembering for a few moments where he was and what had happened. n Then his memory came back with a j , rush, and an irrepressible shudder shook i his frame as he recalled the horror he had r ! endured prior to losing his senses. The r first question he put to himself was Had he been dreaming or was he awake 3 when he saw that strange weird-looking . ' figure disappear in the fall just beyond where he was still sitting ? " A dream, surely. It was absurd to think it could be anything else. t, I glancing down the road. Luke could 80e tile Inilipa of KING Coiurndon wi- ,,"" still awaiting his return, and it struck him that he must have been unconscious for only a very short time, or they would have come to seek him. Then he arose, and with one last shuddering glance around, walked down the road to rejoin his workmates. As he went along he made up his mind to say nothing to them of the singular s ' incident that had just befallen him. There were several reasons for this. In the first place Lake was known amongst his comrades as a profound disbelieve in all > things pertaining to dreams and spectral r visitations, and had always > criticised in a most unmerciful manner the ghost stories some of the old put men were foul of war L racing. Again, he thought, and perhaps rightly, that the recital of this strange experience might discourage his companions, and in- close them to believe that they were all doomed to perish in the subterranean . wilderness in which they were entangled. "Have an bin a good while away ?" Luke asked, as he joined Joe and the other two who were still seated where he had left them. " Middini'," Joe answered ; did ye' faded out ?" " A fa' of roof, that's aw," Luke replied. " What's cawr next move, Joe?" " Ah dun know," Thomson cried wearily. " Ah think we must as week deo decor as any where else." 'Alarm genuine further," one of the other men cried, doggedly. " It's no use ruin him' beast when we don't know where we are. . " Sumbuddy all had' to shut us," the other man broke in, for we cannot shut eawrsols, an' they'll behind us hear as well ; as anywhere else." ' '"Ali'm goods' to ha' of sleep, Luke!" Thomson exclaimed. " Ah'm grandly . done up." j Luke saw that it would be vain on his \- part to urge his comrades to continue their rambling just then, and it seemed , there was small hope of them finding 1 their way unaided. So Lo followed the example of the others and seated himself on the cold hard floor of the mine. In a few moments he could hear the deep-drawn regular breath- ing of tired men sleeping. Two of the men were already slumbering in entire oblivion of their situation, and a few minutes afterwards Joo Thomson also fell asleep. Thou Luke Standish drew a piece of chalk from his waistcoat pocket, and upon the rocky side of the place he had ascended he wrote his urine in large thick strokes that would take years to obliterate, and in addition to this he inscribed the day of the month and the year. He would be able to recognise the spot again should it ever be his duty to revisit it and, even at that moment it seemed probable that at some time or other he would desire to see the place where he had, either in fancy or fact, encountered the blue-shirted, dark boarded figure. It was now nine o'clock. They had been wandering among the old galleries v for nearly five hours, and when, it appeared, no nearer liberty than when set out just after the reef collapsed. There was no telling how much longer their imprisonment might last. All that day might elapse, perhaps lunch longer, before someone came to lead them from out that huge labyrinth whose windings seemed endless. The dense unbroken stillness was both impressive and oppressive and seemed to weigh heavily on Luke a letter I and mind. He would have slept, also, but his head ached too fearfully to allow him to sleep. So he sat there wondering many filings. and slowly the milites slid past, every one scorning to impress itself upon the young miner. She looked again at his watch and found it visits a quarter-past tan. Joe Thomson's and the others still slumbered as peace, fully as if they were at home in a visit- res- is positive beds, and a sullen despair was i beginning to fasten upon Luke, when it at last his tired eyelids fell and he slumbered But his sleep was of short duration. He had hardly closed his eyes, it seemed, when his attention was aroused by some distant sound, and in a moment he was listening intently. What was it that awoke him Was it the clatter of falling roof, or the sound of approaching feet? He bent down low, placed his ear against the cold floor, and held his breath, while he listened in intense, excited way. Third ! thud ! thud! fell slowly, but unmistakably upon his strained hearing, and rising to a sitting posture he shouted with all the power of his deep, strong lungs : "Hallo! Hallo! Hallo!" Joe Thompson and the other sleepers rose suddenly to their knees, staring wildly about, unable to understand the great noise Luke had made. " '1 here's Sulnbuddy beast !" Luke i cried to his wondering, sleepy-eyed mates. li " I've heard feet ! Let's aw shown together !" The next moment four powerful voices blend together, and a mighty '. Hallo !"' swept along the old galleries of the mine. Intense stillness followed for an instant, and then they all heard a clear piercing it whistle. U Again their joined voices rang out ; once more a wave of sound rolled swiftly d along the low galleries, and the whistle d answered their shout. A minute afterwards old Iko Ellsworth, the other fire- man, and two men were beside them, each one glad to find all the missing miners safe. " What's up lads ?" old Iko asked, jocularly. " Han yo' but lost ?" " Ah think that knows," Joe Thomson 1- cried, ill-humouredly, " Wo'n but like id four wandering' Jews sin' four o'clock this morning " That shouldn't o getter lost, Joe," at retorted Ellsworth, " for truth's bin thro' that all roads foot." of " Ay, as have, Iko, bur she'll never goes thro' em again," and Joe shook his head with great solemnity. " It was Joe us said he knowed road," one of the men growled, and he lost himself on' us too." "Never mand, lad," was Joe's response, " shall never do it no moor." d, There was a general laugh at Joe's expense, and then they prepared to quit the place, old Ike Ellsworth leading. With id out the least difficulty the old fireman led by them out of the labyrinth, and Luke and his comrades were not over pleased to notice that they had crossed and re- to crossed the right way many a time, it' All the way out Luke Standish used his chalk unsparingly, making signs upon the roof and sides every score of yards. Old Ike and the other men laughed when they saw him doing this, for they imagined that he was only taking such st precautions as would enable him to find his way out of the maze in future, where as in reality, he was thinking of returning thither some day. He had not yet forgotten the blue shirted, dark-boarded figure, and every fresh chalk mark he made attested to the depth of the impression the incident had made upon him. After a long fatiguing [walk the pit shaft was reached, and a few minutes after the four miners were standing on the pit bank in the warm autumn sunshine. Kate was busy at her work of number shouting, and she could only Mash 1 across to him a look of deep love and thankfulness that amply repaid the miner for all the annoyance of the last few hours. g Just as Luke and the others were about d to leave the bank the manager, Mr. Latham, put in his appearance. He of course, had heard of the great fall in the north level and had been uneasy regarding the missing men, and now expressed his. xl"""""" "f """;,", flour 14 KnfV> Luke had to give him an account of all the events of the proceeding night, and 1 by the time this was done the steam whistles were announcing the dinner hour. Mr. Latham was both a feeling man and a generous master. Knowing the four men were greatly exhausted by last A night's wanderings he intimated that each of them could take a holiday that evening:, and that their wages should be paid in full at the week-end. This pleased the miners very much, and [ each went home happy. The relatives of the missing men had been informed that their bread-winners were in no danger, being merely detained in the pit through an accident, and this information had allayed many tears in the missing miners' homes. On reaching home Lake found his mother awaiting his coming somewhat [ anxiously. The miner was almost fam- ished with his long fast, having eaten nothing since midnight, and after a hearty meal he washed himself and went to bed. The remembrance of the singular incident that had befallen him when he left his comrades for a space to explore the old road had seldom been out of Luke's thoughts since the occurence, and the affair. troubled business still when slumber seized his red brain and wearied limbs. In his sleep he was again lost in the old galleries of the King Pit, once more he left his workmates to go up the old road to find it closed to the top by a heap of fallen roof. Again he seated himself disgusted are turning to rejoin his fellows, and once more was he struck sick and dumb with unspeakable horror on feeling weird-looking, noiseless, blue- shirted, dark-boarded figure pass through him and then slowly disappear amid the fallen roof heaps. The dream ended suddenly there sloop also and the miner sprang to a sitting posture in bed, his face covered with thick boards of cold sweat and the horror of death still upon him. Then he lay back again on his pillow and in a few moments was fast asleep again, and this time his heavy slumber was neither broken nor disturbed by any phantom fancies. When Luke next awoke it was a little after six in the evening, so arising, lie dressed and went out for a walk. He regretted now that he had not told Kate of the holiday the manager had given him and the others, and made an appointment with her. It was a fine evening, warm and still, and Luke struck for the fields, on the eastern borders of the town, where one in half-an-hour's walk might get beyond the smoke and smell of Ashford. The big red sun hung low in the west, encompassed by a thin veil of haze which gave promise to a line sunset, whilst here and there the blue sky was dotted with islands of fleecy white cloud. The shorn wheat stood in thick sheaves in the field. Luke strolled through, and amid the ripe leaved trees song-birds were piping their vesper roundelays. Now and again he met a pair of lovers loitering about the slices or sitting under the hedgerows. But Luke had no eye this evening for the grace and light, and life about him. He was immersed in reflection, and his thoughts were of his late dream and the remarkable incident that preceded and doubtless originated it. Looking back now and calmly regarding the incident which befell him up the they (did road he was forced to think it also had been a dream. But the features of the man he had seen, his dress and figure, the wierd aspect, of his face every detail was indelibly impressed upon Luke's mind as if he had known the man for ! { years and seen him thousands of times. a ' j lins nuning, flew came to a stand- ] still, beside a grassy bank, wheeling- j Isivud sycamore threw a broad shadow, and here his fall down. He had scarcely < coated himself when an idea flashed through his mind, followed by an instan- ' tendons determination to give an effect to the fancy. From one of his pockets the young pit- man drew an old pocket-book, out of another he fished a piece of blacklead pencil, and sharpening the latter he proceeded to carry out the idea that had struck him. Lake had attended the Art School held in the town for a couple of sessions, and was able to sketch a little. Going to work earnestly, if slowly and laboriously, he contrived, in the space of half an hour or so, to produce a crude, yet singularly striking likeness of the figure he had seen in the old gallery of the King Pit. When the rude sketch was finished he hold it at arms length and scanned it attentively. There before him were the form, face, and clothes he remembered so well. He had missed nothing. There were the corduroy breeches, patched at the knees ; the blue flannel shirt, torn at the elbows ; the compact form, and heavily bearded face, with its weird aspect. All were re- produced, rudely, it is true, but sufficiently near the original to satisfy Luke. Gazing at the lines he had made, the likeness struck him so much that a trace of the old shivering horror seized him, and he hastily replaced the pocket-book in his pocket. Then he arose from the grassy slope and continued his walk, taking a direction that would lead him, by a somewhat circuitous route, past Bannister's Row, in one of the cottages of which his sweetheart lived. But the length of the walk was of small import to Luke, as he had not to work until the following evening. The sun was setting now amid great banks of crimson and amber clouds, and through great rifts in the gorgeous coloured vapour the glorious light streamed forth, dyeing everything it touched a deep blood-red hue, and transforming the prosaic landscape to a picture of weird, unearthly beauty. By the time Luke Standish came in sight of Bannister's Row the sunset's glory was over the western heaven had Just all its splendour of colouring, and to mark where the sun had so lately fallen were only some faint streaks of grey far up toward the zenith, whilst upon the horizon's rim there still burned a dull blackish-red glow. The miner had resolved to call upon the Looms for a few minutes, and as he came to the corner of the little garden patch he lifted the latch of the gate and stopped upon the narrow gravelled walk. Suddenly he paused, his gaze fixed intently upon the lower window of the cottage in which the Leigh. lived. There was a good light inside the room, and as the blind was not pulled down, Luke could see everything within the apartment, whilst he remained invisible to those inside. And what he saw shot into his heart a pang of keenest pain, and sent the blood in hot, passionate surges of jealousy through his brain. (To be continued.) 