Some Recent Novels.* "Joyce." By Mrs. Oliphant.-A work by this talented writer is always welcome. It is certain to contain well-drawn characters effectively grouped; and although the par- ticular story may not be very interest ing or have much movement, it will be artistically told in good English. In the pre sent work, Mrs. Oliphant displays all her well known qualities as a writer. "Joyce" may be described as a study of the effect on innate qualities of circumstances and training at variance with such inherited feelings and in stincts. Thus, Joyce is the daughter of a Colonel Hayward, but, owing to a rash, way ward act on the part of her mother, she has been brought up from the day of her birth in a Scotch village by a cotter and his wife. Joyce has inherited many of the feelings of the class to which her parents belong, and unfortunately she has also inherited something of her mother's impatience and wild restlessness under sorrow and suffer ing. On this groundwork the peasant train ing and peasant home work nothing but good; and the combined effect is cleverly worked out in the pleasing sketch of Joyce in the opening of the story. When discovered by her father Joyce holds the position of village school mistress, and is full of intellectual pride on her superiority in knowledge to her surroundings. She has become engaged to a neighbouring schoolmaster, whom she instinctively feels is vulgar and unrefined; but then he is the only parson with whom she can discuss her favourite subjects—nature and literature. This same Andrew Hallidey is delightful in his pedantry, vulgarity, and superb self-confidence. The latter is a grand quality as an element in success, and has been the making of Andrew's countrymen; but when reading some of this "dominie's" remarks, one Is seized with a great longing to violently assault the speaker, though he be but a mental creation. Joyce is taken by her father to his English home. Here everything is so strange and uncongenial to her that she feels like a caged bird. Her father's second wife does not understand and cannot sym pathise with her. This Mrs. Hayward's character is a good illustration of the extent to which a sole object of affection narrows the sympathies. She is represented as a good woman, with the best possible intentions, yet she and her stepdaughter almost unconsciously assume hostile attitudes. However, in this new home Joyce learns what love really means. The impressible Andrew Halliday makes a special journey to London, to call on his betrothed, and the description of the interview in the presence of the old colonel is, perhaps, the best thing in the book. Finally, Joyce, through a mistaken idea of her duty, and urged by the inherited rashness that ruined her mother's life, makes a useless sacrifice of her happiness to the benefit of no one and to the misery of all. The old woman Janet is lovingly drawn and shows Mrs. Oliphant's keen insight into Scotch character, and sympathy with the class she de scribes in the person of Janet. The book is full of good work and pleasant reading; but those whose tastes require exciting plot and in cidents had better seek elsewhere for gratifica tion. "God's Providence House', by Mrs. G. L. Banks. This is a new edition of a work already favourably known. It is full of exciting in cidents, containing a ghost, a band of smugglers, highway robberies, murders and attempted murders, abductions, executions, and many other stirring events. All these are strung on an interesting love story, full of the proverbial ups and downs that afflict all true lovers in novels. Mrs. Banks displays an intimate knowledge of the social life of the time, 1791, of which she writes. Perhaps this is forced on the reader rather un necessarily at times. For Mrs. Banks has not the art possessed in such a high degree by Mr. Besant, of taking the reader away from the present into the past. We are always being reminded that these poor people about whom we are reading were ignorant of the great dis coveries of the present century. Would it occur to anyone in reading "Dorothy Foster" or "For Faith and Freedom" that lucifer matches were as yet an unknown boon or that railways and telegraphy yet "slept in the womb of Time?" In other words, the reader does not become so steeped in the surroundings or setting of the story as to read it sympatheti cally, but retains a nineteenth-century attitude of criticism which is not conducive to apprecia tion. Were this otherwise the reader would not, perhaps, feel as if his under standing were insulted by the language used to describe the love of a boy and girl. The girl is sixteen, and at school, when she sees and loves the hero, who is also at school. Yet, two years afterwards, without any declara tion or communication in the interval, they each talk of the love and fidelity with which they mutually feel they are regarded. But this is a trifling difficulty, and the reader will find no lack of interest and amusement in the story. The chief villain, though there are several with good claims to the premier posi tion, is painted very black indeed; but he is rather too elaborate a villain, and we cannot feel that he is a bit real. This cannot be said of the yeoman-squire, whose parental sternness causes all the lovers' woes. Most of the secondary characters are good, especially the superstitious, faithful Peggy. Mrs. Banks gives a very good picture of the relations existing between master and servant before the advent of machinery dissolved all ties between man and man save those based on contract. ** Some Recent Novels: Macmillan's Indian and Colonial Series. Brisbane: Watson, Ferguson, and Co. 