A BOHEMIAN'S NOTIA. The pcoplo of Onstlemalno wero fn troubled for tbero had boeu a flood second only in local i Importance to tbo original dolugo. 80 as an j antidoto to an excess of water they hadl Drought up tiie Minister of Publlo Works to , lcoturo on Bums. And as Mr Nimmo wproj for tho timo a special halo iu tho shape of tr Soesiblo Government) grant) to repair flood nniDgcs, bo was 11 man to be much honored. So tho local Council, headed by tho Mayor, whoso dignity is something that tho English language utterly lails to describe, wont to tho railway station to moot the great man, the populace assembled and two pipers "in the garb of old Gaul," woro stationed juab outside tho portals with instructions to blow something Scotch At the appropriate moment. They would have gouo to tho platform and given a Highland woieoiiio tp tho passcngors gonorolly, bub the stntioumaster feared that ho might bo ccuaurcd by tho CommiHaioiiers for permitting a nuisance and so kepfa them outside. While tho Minister was being introduced to thu councillors and vice versa , thero was a movement in tho doorway which the pipers took to indicato tbo approach of tho distinguished visitor, so with a preparatory " skirl " thoy slruok up "Tho Campbells aro ComiiiV And, lo I thoro caiuo forth two prisoners of tbo Crown with gyves upon their wrists, who, attended by No. 80 as a guard of honor, wcro on their way to tiio haven on top of tho hill to do 18 mouths hard. Tho Campbells hnd como, Chief JuBtlco iliginbothom seems to havo fallen into very much tho samo trap as was successfully scb lately for tho British Am bassador in America, Clearly, tho lesson has 110b bcon lost ou the Home authorities, Wo had somo nasty things to say nboub Ymikeo diplomacy; but, of course, circumstance alter eases vafctly, and what is mean and treacherous in tho United States, becomes honest and clever by transfer to England. Nob that ib makes much difference, I think, whother tiio Governor's instructions clash with tho local laws of tho cnlony, lor wo can rest pretty euro thnb the local laws will nob suffer 011 time account. And as for dictation from the Colonial Office, wcjwiltl always tnko just as much of ib ns is agreeable, and 110b a fraction more. Upon one point I am some what curious, however. Aro all new governors required to make tho same con fession of political faith as tho local candi dates, and to swear allcginnco to articles as bluo mouldy with ago almost as tho West minster Creed 7 And if so, is tho knowledgoof local circumstances necessary in such a. caso supplied by tho Colonial OfHce, or docs tho Governor glean Colonial history from tho English newspapers, ono of wldch received by this mail has somo interest ing cliab concerning " Professor Pear son, Minister of Education for Honth Australia." Everyone hero knows, of course, that tho Professor's attention In South Aus tralia was purely given to sheep-breeding. Tho brush betwcon.tho Chief Justice and tho Colonial Offico naturally suggests thnb story about Judge Barry's visit to tbo Agcut- General's office, when that depot for Victorian intelligence ui London was almost ns full of cobwebs as tho Colonial Office, A clerk attired iu pegtopa and nn cxprossivo English yawn recoivod tho judge, who ex plained that ho was Chief Juctioo of Victoria, and wished to see the Agent General. Then this well dressed ser vant of tho colony called through a speaking tube to hisuhiuf. "Alan named Barry— wants to hoo you— says ho comca from Vlutorin, awh I" Thcro was a pause, during wliioli tho clerk by au effort asked, "Do you como from Victoria in Now South Wales, or Viotoria lu Vancouver Island?" On another occasion nn anxious inquirer after Colonial affairs going to tiio offico to find out tho besb means of getting out to Australia found tho clerk playing domiuoos with a friend, and was advised to "go and steal something, midgob sent out." Ono possibility of the Governor'a vhib to England teems to have escaped discussion. Sir Usury will bo in England by thu Queen's Birthday, and ib is jusb possible that tho life litlo may becomo au hereditary one. 1 nut prepnved to take a shade of odds on this ovent. Was it a raco? Tho Courier says 14 Yes;" tho Ozono just ns emphatically "No." M7 own impressfou is that thero was jusb as utuelt a raco as the fact of ouu steamer following another ab something like full speed can mako it. Fur we must assume thut tho directors of tho Bay Excursion Company aro mnarb business won, and with tho possibility of a match for a thousand n-sido pend ing, ib is calling them land-lubbers, lob lolly boys, or anything elso thab in nautical langungo expresses eoutempb, to sup- poso thnb with tho Courier admittedly doing her best, and tho Ozone with a lob up her sleeve, tho Intter missed tho chaheo of a privato trial. That sailors' yarn may do for nervous passengers, bub to tell ib nb tho Vic torian Club wcro to run tho risk of being called a very prlnco of "mugs." A landsman —say Mr Hay tor or Mr Mirnms— could mako their flgnres jusb as puzzling to tho sailor ns th? nautical terms nro to a landsman, there fore 1 don't pub much faith in atatomenis nboub tbo revolutions of tho propellor and tiio steam pressure. On a similar occasion a Melbourno reporter was told a foaslblo story about only two of three engines being worked, and hn listened to ib with his tonguo in his check, knowing that tho third engtno was novcr used except in case of otic of the others breaking down. How long ago is it since humanity first suggested that shop girls employed all day be hind a counter should be provided with somo of tho surplus clmira placed for cuitomors, so that they might rcBt occasionally. Yet, in somo of tho biggest drapera' shop9 iu tho city to-day these girls, many of them of frail physique, are required to stand all day bocauo their employers have a fad thab it is not business like to sit down. The result is, of course, thai rest has to bo taken by stealth, somo watching tho shop-walker while the others sit down, and a feeling of meanness and general distrust is engendered-— the employers Betting traps for tho employed as contomptiblo almost ns thoso adoptod by tho Colonial Offico fur in dependent Chief Justices. Somo of tho largo estnolishments have a system of fines for small mistakes and petty misdemeanors ; but instead of this money going to some charitable fund, ns is tho case say with the V.R.0. nml other race clubs, ib all goeB down m profit in the firm's ledgers. I doubb whethor the ndvo. cates of women's rights can do much to help their sex in this matter, sinoo it would simply bo termed, with u shrug, "their fad, yonknowj" but thoro aro many wealthy women whoso nuinca appear both as managers and subscriber in conucotlnn with pubiio ohnritlos, and who may exorciso a vory potent influenoo 011 behalf of women workers if they care to do so. They woro ou tho Blook in Collins street, the one a girl fresh and pretty— ns pleasant to look ab ns a bunch of half-blown roses— the other of tho saino sex, bub nn nuclonb ruin with mullioncd wiudows— ray fuuny way of saying thnb sho woro junra-n?. Thoy wcro speaking of somo acquaintance, and the peach- blossum asked whether ho had nob written somo books. 44 Written some books 1" echoed tho venerable pile. "Why, my dear, he's quito rich." Perhaps, after nil, tho ruin was right, for tho fneb of a roan bring rich was of itself pretty conclusive proof that he had uot written many books— unless, indeed, he had bad tho fortitude to put his namo to shilling shockers. Tho people of Mooroopna, in tho Gonlburu Valley, begin to renliao that virtue is its own reward. Thoy havo beon enthusiastic in tho matter of irrigation, having amongst them sotno energetic young Australians like Mr John West, who have not ulono preached bub practised. And having given a lead in n matter where a lead is of no much . importance, ib is somewhat, dls- henrtoning to find a progressive body ltho tho Council of Agricultural Education \ putting a damper upon their enthusiasm. Thoy asked for somo twenty acres of a reserve al a nominal rent, so thab fchoy might chiefly spend their own moneys in experiment, and thu Cntmoit declino on tho plea thab they contemplate doing something of tho snmo kind in tho samo locality. Tho prinoiplo of two head buing better than ono applies, I suppose, equally in tho caso of oxncriinontal farms, and it might just happen tlmt tho mistakes of tho ono farm turned out to bo the suooesson of tho other. Experiments in irrigation constitute a wide, a veiy wide field, and whenever local enthusiasm takes that form discouragement should hardly be looked for in tho dircctiou Ojj the Council of Agricultural Education. Why, its very title should bo au aeauranco of help and sympathy. I have just bocti admiring a littlo gardon, almost in tho city— a combination of flowers, fruits and tbo finer vegetables— which, as an illustration of bnauty And utility, was, indeed, very charming. At starting tbcro must havo been littlo mora than room to owing tho typical cat, but uvory foot of ground has boon turned to tliu boat account. Every yard of rough fonco was covered with toinnto vines, green and hcnltliy— anil what a lot of fruit a single tomato plant bears 1 Of courso tomatoes can always bo find clump in tho streets, but they are cxixmrnvo \ on uhtmld happen to buy typhoidgcrois with tlioiu. And it has always scorned to mo that tomatoes, like grnpos, wcro ever ho inuclihottcr if eaten as soon ns plucked from tho vino. Then the walla woro covered with passion fruit, thero was a row of trelliscd grape vines, taking up very littlo space, a few wclhclioscn fruit trre«, celery nud rhubarb plots, sweet herbs and all those things that aro a daily necessity. It was of itself a lUtla irri gallon farm, where all wasta water was turned to good account, instead of being mado a canal to carry n\vny fragment of kitchen stuff and other impurities to decay out in tho open street channels. Tho secret of success with n small garden plot is to grow none but tho finer fruits and vegetables, never to wnsto a foot of ground or a pint of water, and always to remember that with sunshine, soil, -and water given, only brains and industry aro re quired to inako a little domestic Edon. Tho Melbourne Mounted Rifles, arc to bo congratulated, I think, on losing tho services of that member of tho detachment who wroto to tho newspapers during tho week upon tho subject of his grievances. His first complaint Is that fioino of his friends, who, it seems, wished to make the- detachment a littlo friendly society or a medium for social enjoy ment rather than hard honest work, took so long to come forward for enrolment that tlu-y found their places filled by utlior and smarter men, and by a general order from headquarters —applying no iroro particularly to this club than any other— recruiting for tho timo being stopped. Those aro nob tho type of men that Colonel Price, I dare swear, is anxious to havo in bis commnud. They aro much too delibera tive ever to become a success as mounted rifles, aud had better stick to lawn tennis or soino such sympathetic pastime. It is not difficult to src, however, where tho shoo realty nehes. It is just hero. " Half-a-dozen more or less qualified men aro scrambling for tho captaincy. My own friends aro precluded from joining whilo butchers' assis tant and stnblo boys havo been- admittod into it." The scrambling for commissions means that they havu to bo won in competitive rxiuni- nation whero n wealthy numskull lias just tho same chances, bar the lack of brain matter, as the butcher' assistant nud the stable boy. If thin th-t.mlummb of mounted rifles is to be any _ credit to tho metropolis by reason of its work and not its appearance, tho fewer men of tho stamp of this gentleman, who presumes to call himself a Tommy Atkins, thrronro in tho rank tho belter for its welfare. Tho chief . ambition of most of tbo members is, I fear, however, to bucomo vice-regal escorts, nnd bo , asaciuiatcd with such other antiquated pageants. The honorary secretary of the club is scarcely mora fommnto in his retort, his assertion that the members aro chiefly squatters and bankers being as distinctly caddish as tho letter to which ho replies. Tho sooner both realise that till is a democratic country, that off tho pnrndo ground nil men are equal, nud on it the butcher may command tho banker, the better for their futuro poaco ot mind. , So too with our amateur yachtsmen. Smno time ago, whc-irtlie cablo was suffering from onoof its periodical spasm? of warpauio, they wore nuxiuus to volunteer for naval service, buc they mndo it a coudilion that they should not be required to associate at meal times with tho common sailors, whether for fear the shell backs should demoralise them with swearing aud tobacco-cbowiug, or Hint the privilege of assoociatiou upon equal terms with the M uinataws " would so elevate tho jolly Jack Tar as to cause him to demand an iucreuso of Hilary— wits nob btAtod. Anyhow, tho offer of servteo on those conditions was promptly declined. In England, with all it3 veneration for caste, yachtsmen have been so associated for a course ot training with the crcwn ot war ships ; and though many of them took into the forecastle, nob merely tlmb potonb factor in high life, social standing, but tbo weight of a title alro, and tho awful responsibility of a \- fine old family mime, thoy seem to have sacri ficed very little of thoir rolf-rcspect by associa tion with tho Bailors. Whethor the sailors Buffered in moral - tono is nob known, . but as tho mcnibor? of tho Victorian Navy would. have felt probably that tho yachtsmen wcro intruding into their field of labor, it' just as well, perhaps, that tbo latter were par ticular aliout their meals. Indeed, their re fined taBtcs may have saved a revolution. Who knows? Tho reasons that iuflucnca some men to offer themselves as candidates for Parliament are occasionally inscrutable, ab other times curious. In one' suburban constituency whoro tho sitting member seems to havo lost casto a friend wenb out canvas sing for him as enthusiastically as of old, but ho mob with indifferent success. The reply invariably wan "No I won't voto for him, but if yon had asked mo to voto for youiHolf now, I would havo promised cheer. Sully." They may havo meant it merely as a pleasantry or a cheap compliment, but that flight tho canvasser retained homo thinking deeply, oat down, and wroto to tho Bitting member, "Bear Sir, I am sorry that I cauuot work for you in this eloctlon, as I am a candi date myBelf for the same scat." \- Bub that is absolutely an houorablo affair compared with what occurred in connection with a country scat at tho last general elcc- ' lion. There was reasonable expectation that a second representative would bo given to thu constituency, and in anticipation of it the iitting member, while conducting his canvass, look a young, and ambitious frieud with' him to make the acquaintance of tho electors and spmcrally got. a fair -start for that second seat. Bub thq young man wob too clever for his Mentor, for, finding (hat tho lecond sea t was not forthcoming, he opposed his friend, caught him at a disadvantage and beat him. All of which shows that politics exert a high moral influence upon the community. Now that the seat lias been divided it is some thing like poetical juBtico to find tho sitting member strongly opposed, and the old ouo with tho prospect of a walkover. Tim candidate for a suburban constituency was asked tho other night whether ho favored H.-nry George' schemo oflaud nationalisa tion. Bub he didn't seem to grasp the ques tion, so the chairman kindly helped him out \- of his troublo in this wine—" lie wants to know whethor you aro in favor of tlm land bill passed in America by a Mr George, yon know." Tho candidate didn't, buo he cnid ho 'was in favor of bursting up tho large estates, and that did just as well. The Melbourne Crlokob. Club nnd the South Melbourne orlckctors owe it to ono of their stuunchest frloudu that they aro not playing to-morrow 'for tlio Metropolitan Clmilongo Cup, a match I fancy that most lovors of cricket would havo liked to witness, Whon the proposal enmo beforo tho Association IftRt night it was plain and slmple, tooriniplofor a clover young friend of tho M.O.C, whowantcd something complicated to demonstrate hisskill upou. Bo, for tlm reason that ho had not voted for tho original motion, "boycotting" tho M.0.C., ho declined to voto for its part relax ation, though by what reason in logic this courso was justified I could not qulto see. Othor sympathisers of tho M.O.C. followed tho lead, nnd broauso thoy' too wanted to voto for rescinding tho wholo resolution w< uld not voto for rescinding a part of it, proving thnc in a cricketer's estimation half a loaf is not bettor than no bread. Tho funny part was ilmt though they might then havo had tho i"gf all loaf thoy could not, owing to tho par- " cicular terms in which tho Bpocial meeting was called, havo got tho wholo Inaf, even with tho required majority willing. Tho clever young men overlooked tho fact that an nbsoluto majority of tlio Association war required to givo Melbourne oven their hnlf loaf, nnd whilo thoy wcro diplomatically striving for something thoy could nob get, thoy lost what they might havo had. Mr Budd's serious ex pression when ho rasn to draw attention to tho rulo requiring An absolute majority of tho as- , sooiation to alter tbo resolution was a study. It was such a painful duty. With Pooh Bab, beseemed to say, "It revolts me but I do Ik" Some of tho English sporting ptptri hey® bcou dlaouBalng thcS ong throw mado recently on tho Melbourne Orloket Ground by Crane, onoof tbo American basoboll pitchers. Thoy point out that Crane's throw only beats tho record by ouo yard and four inches, Rinco Mr B. B. Fawoett, on one occasion, at Brighton College, throw thu ball 124 yards 4 inches ; bub it is naivety admitted that it was down hill and tho thrower had tho wind behind Mni. Under tho snino circumstances, bub without any help from tlio wind, I havo myself thrown a stono 250 yards, but it was considerably down hill, in fact, down a preci pice. However, tbo record for a long throw is hold by neither an American nor an English man, but by a Queensland black, who threw tho cricket ball 1-10 yards on even ground, ami Mr Donald Wallace tho winner of tho last Melbourno Cup wan the man who measured it. Thero is no denying it, Urn black brother is a laotor In Australian ath letics, aud with Jackson in tlio ring and Samuel's on tho cinders, only a colored oars man is required to effectually put tho modorn whito man in Ids littlo bed. Thoy were talking of the old beauties of bur- lesquo ami tho ballet, nnd tho aged authority —who always clinches an argument by telling younger members of tho staff that tlmy know nothing ab all about it, nnd jusb to wnib till thoy aro as old as ho ia— "had thu flnre." " Whoro tlio stars of tho olden tnuo were especially good," ho Raid " wiw in tlin strious parts of a pantomime." "Serious part of a pantomime" said tho junior reporter, who still looked at life through roseate glasses. " Why thero'? no seriouB part in a pantomime." " Isu't thero )" said thn lender writer, who ha? run through tho wholo gamut of theatrical amusement nnd wears a liver pad. "Walking ghost 1 but it' all serious, not to say melan choly. Why, it's worse than weeping through five nets of Mario Antoinette." 