SIURT'S LAST LETTER. [In the Auckland Free l ibrary, among the valu able manus ripts presented to that institution by Sir Geoige Grey, isaletier written eytliecelebrated Australian explorer. Captain blurt, to the Knight of Kawau. in which ttie writer complains of tbe neglect exhibited towards him by the Imperial Government. Sir George Grey usea bis influence in tlie hope of piocuring for Captain Sturt the honour of knighthood which he hud so nobly earned, but the Government ot the day did not respond to the recommendation, and Captain hturt died without a suitable recognition being maie of Uis valuable labours in the cause of exploiation. The letter was written from Cbelttnham, England, where the brave Australian pioneer breathed his last. ] Do heroes always wear the crowns they've won ? Do honours always wait the pioneers IVho orave the Arctic f-nows and tropic sun lo casve out greatness fir the future years? Are cations always gen'rous to the men Who venture forth with dauntless hearts to trace New paths wbee man may walk with broader kc-rc To found new empires tor the earning race ? Let his: 'ry answer, while the blush of shame Mantles her features as she turns aside To weep for those who climbed the hill of fam=. Vet unrewarded by their country died. 'Iwas April, when the EDglish fields are clad In green and gold and all the tin's of spring. When love and hope and health make young hsarts glad, Aud through the leafy lanes the linnets sing, 'Twas 'unDj' April, when the kindling clod Bui sts into life—when orchards are abloom; When Nature, waken'd by the touch of God, Stakes off ber cerements, rising from the tomb. "Xwas April, when old earth again seems young, The season when man breathes a purer breath; When sorrow's language seems an unknown tongue, And in youth's bock there's no such word as Death. Bet April has its clouds that veil the sun. It's &ullen; shadows, flitting now and then Across the tky, till all seems drear aud dun, Like gloomy thoughts that shade the hopes of men. Sad night creeping o'er the Cotswold Hills Across the footsteps of an April eve, Ihe forest birds bad ceased their merry trills, And from the land the sua had ta'en his leave. Stricken hy sickness in a silent room, Nursed by his wile, the old explorer lay, " " And Betrospection, flashing through the gloom," ~ Brought back the scenes be loved, far, far away, " Dear wife, the shades of night are near, And weird-like clouds are scudding by; I've watched them come and disappear. Like grey ghosts flitting o'er the Bky; And while I watched, I wandei'd far In wafting dreams to that fair land Where first I followed Fame's bright star. Through deserts drear and forests grand; Again I stood, in manhood's prime, A leader of the gallant few Who labour'd foi the after time, With dauntless hearts and courage true; Again beneath the yel ow blaze Of Austial's summer sun we marched Across tho plains where Darling strays Through wilderness pale and parched. Once more on Murrumbidgee's flood We swept along—my mates aud I, While on the banks the wild men stood And raised their spears with savage cry. But one grand object fired my soul, And God's protecting hand was near To guide me to the wUheo-for goal— I felt Bis power and knew not fear. I was Bis humble instrument, Bis harbinger to lead the way— Tbe herald of His grand intent, With message of Bis coming day. I knew that in the wilderness A prouder Britain Boon should rise, That millions yet unborn would bless Salvation's tmblems in the skits, Which pointed to the golden shore Where Peace would rule and Progress reipn, Aid Plenty keep her richest store, And Commerce sway the southern main. With thoughts like these, in danger's face I boldly looked with fearless gaze, I felt my mission was to trace few paths through Nature's hidden ways. Ob, happy hour'. when floating through, By bank and b6nd and leafy sweep, The Murray burst upon our view, And caused our hearts with joy to leap. Euieka 1 it is ours at last. Thank God, we've found the silver key That can unlock an empire vast And ope a gateway to the sea. Then floatine down by wood and wold, And islets in fresh verdure drest, We came to where the Darling rolled Bis waters into Murray's breast. Ycu know the sequel—well, 'twas mine To help to build ihat thriving State, Famed for its corn, its wool and wine— A future nation proud and great. 'Twas mine to serve my native land Beneath that man of noble mien. Who knew tbe secret ot command, And sway'd the sceptre of our Queen. He still remains our faithful friend, Though years have rolled away since then; Ah 1 that reminds me, I must send An answer to his note. A pen, My love, there's ink and paper here; My hsind is trembling, yet I'll try To write to him, our friend so dear. And warmly thank him ere I die. 'lis finished, I have told him why I sought some honour from tbe State, Pome thanks to those in stations high; Be knowB I've earn'd a better fate Than that I've met with, but alas I I've learned bow Governments bestow Their favours here—but let it pass; What are distinctions here below Compared to those which wait above For souls that do their duty here 2 Tbe light of God's eternal love To me shall scon make all things clear. I care not for earth's honours now. Men's praise is as the passing wind I sought a wreath to bind my brow For ssie of those I leave behind. Kay, weep not, wife, be not downcast. Dispatch this missive to our friend; Tell him this letter is my last— I see the shadow of the End." „ _ THOMAS BRACKEN. Dunedin, November 9. 