TUB WniTECEA FEL MURDERS. FOLLOWING THE SUPPOSED CLUE. From Oun Correspondent. LONDON, 12tii September. Tho laconic telegram to Scotland Yard on Monday, " Wliitechapol again," carried in it a terrible story. It meant that one more was added to the long list of ghastly tragedies enacted in the slums and alleys of the East End. The monster, known to the world now as Jack the Ripper, had been once more at his horrible work, and the metropolis sickened at the prospect of new horrors. "Whitechapel again." What more condemnatory comment upon our modern civilisation could possibly be conceived ? The state of society which can tolerate such con ditions as maintain the thousands of outcasts east of the bank, and so offer opportunities to the maniac that works unmolested there, is surely little short of barbarism. However far we may lie from the millennium we may be permitted to venture, at least, that those things need not be. Yet, strange to say, public sympathy and public feeling display a certain apathy. Jack the Ripper has become so familiar to us that we have almost ceased to be shocked by his re-appearance, and he even fails to furnish us with a topic of conversation of much importance, as he used to do in former days. The police, doubtless, are hard at work and keen enough, but leisured London has grown indifferent, or seems to have done so to those who have realised all the pity of it. In the case of the unknown wornan who was murdered some three days before the body was found, as in the case of her predecessors, there is no clue which has availed anything up to the present. Some hope, how- over, is held out of their discovering the mis creant by means of a clue furnished by the New York Herald. If this should be successful, it is possible that Jack the Ripper may be at last unearthed and receive his reward. I say possible only because it is by no means certain that the latest atrocity is the working of the Whitechapel fiend. Opinions are divided. Some think that it belongs to another series, that which includes the Rainham and Thames embankment murders. It may be remembered that some short time after the public had been just startled by the Whitechapel murders, the remains of a body were laid in a house. in the Thames embankment, and that the murder, as it evidently was, remained a mystery. Some time afterwards portions of a body were found drifting down the Thames ; and later again a similarly mutilated body was discovered at Rainham. In each of these cases the body was that of a woman, and it had been cut up by a hand evidently skilled in anatomy. But as the circumstances differed from those of the Whitechapel murders, public opinion, as well as the opinion of the police, attributed the former murders to some other person than Jack the Ripper. Now the most recent crime resembles in its circumstances the Rainham series, inasmuch as the body was only a trunk, without head or legs, and was that of a woman wlio had been murdered some days before the discovery. These reasons, therefore, have induced people to think that the murder of Monday is not the work of Jack the Ripper. But it seems far more reasonable to conclude that all the murders are the work of one man or one gang. In the first place it is not at all likely that two men exist with a precisely similar craze, developing at a precisely similar time. Secondly, the murders in both series resemble each other in being the work of a man evidently practised in anatomy. Thirdly, mutilation characterises both series. If the murderer of the unknown woman in Pinchin-lane is discovered we are justified in believing that he will prove to be Jack the Ripper, the author of the Whitechapel atrocities. The clue the police have obtained from the New York Herald is slight, but it is a clue, and hitherto there has been not the ghost of a clue. A man called at the Herald office on Sunday morning with the announcement that a " White chapel" murder had been committed, and that the body had been found in Pinchin-lane. This man called in the expectation of receiving a reward for his news, and gave his name as Cleary, and his address as 21 White Horse Yard, Drury-lane. He became nervous when asked to accompany two reporters to the scene, and finally refused to go. Tho reporters went alone, and found the information was false. No body had been discovered, and no murder had been committed. This was on Sunday morning. On Monday morning the body of an unknown woman, who had evidently been dead some days, was discovered in Pinchin's-lane. Now, the gist of the matter is this, either " John Cleary's " information was a coincidence, which seems most unlikely, or John Cleary knew of the murder. Assuming the more probable alternative, if Cleary knew of the murder, it is plain that he cannot have been the actual murderer. The facts of the case are satisfied by the following hypothesis : — Cleary, as he called himself, was privy to the murder, and knew that it was the intention of the man or men concerned in it to deposit the body in Pincin- lane. Overcome by a desire to obtain some money, he gave notice to the Herald of the murder and the discovery of the body, knowing that it had been resolved to leave the body in Pinchin-lane on Sunday. The intention of the murderer was, however, changed, and the body was not de posited there till Monday. It would seem, then, that if the police could get hold of Cleary they would be in a fair way to discover the actual murderer. Cleary signed his name in the Herald office, and his description was taken down by the Herald people. Needless to say, he gave a wrong address, and presumably also a wrong name, as no man of that name was to be found at White Horse Yard. The police are confident that they will be able to find Cleary, and it is to be hoped their confidence is well founded, for upon his discovery rests, without a doubt, the lives of many wretched women in the future, far or near. 