DIANA. She was as straight as an Indian arrow, large-limbed and tall, with that peculiar white skin which' does not tan nor grow sallow. The first Diana was not more pro portioned than was this one. A combination of masculine strength and feminine beauty -not feminine enough to be wholly woman, nor masculine enough be be wholly man. Hor dread was half one and half the other. A man's black slouch hat covered her head, and a man'* black , coat protected her shoulders ; a petticoat of thick, dark stuff hid the rest of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod feet. \- She rode a huge black stallion, a creature as splendid and fiery and scornful a%the scornful, fiery, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode bis back. An imaginative theorist might easily hare discovered in th* dilating nostrils, upftinging heads, and eyes restless with untamable de fiance the close kiuship of two souls before metempsychosis made one beast and one human. She was Diana; the horse's name was " Satan." Diana loved Satan and Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of them loved any other living thing,and it was a certainty that no other living thing loved either of them, ~ Diana pulled tlie rein anil Satan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. They looked like a ebohy-statu'ed Oentaur. Before them the Bun was setting-sinking, sliding down a little and a little into the futhermost edge of the plain. So su.'tfy and red and so close to the dead grass it seemed it must set it afire. Behind them the blue, snow-lined wall of the Sierras reached up to the clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red sun-rays until its many league crystal bosom seemed struck by some sudden transforming force of nature, and each single drop of water changed to diamond. The ebony Centaur let' its foot slowly to the ground ; it took off Its slouched hat, its four eyes looked straight into the WMti dry grass with its Bcaly legs, a squirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jaek-rabbit paused in its gallop, roared up on its haunches, with eyes standing inquir ingly up ; its meok, surprised eyos stared as straight at the Centaur us those of the Oen taur stared into the west. For all other sign of animated existence on the plains these might have been all that in habited them. . . ., Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tinted spread its glow ; the gl°r7 in the west and the gray in the east touched edges at the jsenlth. High over the dimple-glittered, glisten ing, diamond-bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of white-fleeced clouds, in silver and crimson and opal and gold, that rose and towered and topplod over into a smoke girthed amber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down to the earth and spread over the hot ground ana the'brown dead clover. It crept to thefoet of tho Centaur, and over its black glossy hide, and stole into the face of the woman. The scorn, tho defiance faded out of it, the hard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out tho glow of a dead heart. It touched ?hor eyes with its essence of soul, and lighted her features with the pureness of the virtuo that has chastened itself in the smelting furnace of sin. The Centaur waa transfigurod. A broad-branchod oak-the only tr«e for miles around-stood near; a man, followed by a sheep-dog, stepped from behind. He made no uoise and was not seen. Ho was sun-burned, and unshorn, and roughly gar mented. There was an' odd twitching of the muscles about his mouth, and _ as ho watched the process of transformation in the woman's face, its spirit leaped into his own. Without any conscious volition he reachcd forth his hands and cried out, " Diana." Was it the reflection of tho sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did she hear ? She touched the rein and Satan bounded forward, the ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It was again the Bplendid, scornful, defiant creature,_ hating humanity and smiting the earth with con temptuous feet. The man with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, then walked slowly away, taking an opposite direc tion. . ... A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as he approachecLthe door of the enigmati cal construction burlesqued with the name of " House." ? " " See, Bill, will ye, looks like he was walk in' homo" in the shadder of his coffin, and Shop sneaks along like he'd been a-Btealin' sheep." The man, to whom the words were ad dressed, looked out, then dropped , his eyes and answered in a lower tone and softer voice than the other: "Don't joke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one of his bad ways. I wouldn't won der if he'd seen that woman again. It's enough to make one think Bhe'a a ghost haunting him the way he looks after he's seen hor," " Ha'nt be dogoned ; I'd like to have such a solid fantasmagory a ha'ntin' me. «' Stop-he'll hear you." The one who spoke last got up and walked out at the back door to stop the talk of the other. "Well, I'll be golled; if I was as thin skinned about other people's feelin's as some people, I'd get me a patent outside," mut tered Brassy. The cause of the remarks seated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood- pile in the yard, took out his pocketknife and com menced whittling. " Shore sign," growled Brassy, looking out as he passed back and forth, cooking supper; "alluz whittles when he's got'em. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for bein' cuticularously tough, but then them moods, an' tenies, an' them fine-haired feel in's helps a fellow out of lots of cookin'. Who could ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or expect a youngster with tho brine so close to his eyelids to bile murphys? Say, Bill, what makes you so down in the mouth? Seen a ghost or anything?" Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. "Yes, I've seen a ghost. Supper ready V " No, but I've got her on a-bilin'," cheerily answered Brassy, He was a very home-made philosopher, and Archimedes would most likely have re jected the mathematics of thesoliloquy which he indulged in. " Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a hard thing to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary one of which ever recolleoted that grub hez to be cooked, and nary one of which everforgitstofeel the symptoms of approach in' meal time. But which ever side you git on, grub's in tho middle, therefore splicin* two and two, and makin' it versus a unknown quality which is grub, I find by those figger in' that grub is the syntax of life, an'tho result of the calkerlation is Brassy hez to cook it." Brassy had to talk. If he had not anyone else to talk to he talked to himself. They were a diversified three that sat down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against the wall. Moody, reserved Bill, child hearted Dainty, who had been rechristenod thus by by Brassy because of his slightnesB of stature and fastidious ways, and the irrepres sible, philosophical, good-naturud Brassy, who talked when he should have said noth ing, and said nothing whon he should have talked, and always hit in the wrong piace. An oddly assorted partnership that kept itB bleating thousands on tnat territory of range whose boundary line was marked by its vast lonesom^neas. But in a climate where the squirrel, the owl, and the rattle snake dwelt peacefully in the snms abode, even these three might har monise. The moon was full, and tho men sat out side of the cabin, two of them taking their after-supper smoke; The mysterious calm of the breeiseless night had put upon them its spell of silence. Bill sat with bowed head, and whittled meohanically on a small piece of stove- wood, and Dainty held a cigarette aarelessly be tween his thnmb and forefinger, and blew contented little puffs of smoke away from his mouth; Broasy tugged and puffed at an old pipe, and watched Bill from under the rim of his hat. " Bill," said he, " you ought to smoke; it'd be a mighty comfort to you, an' save a heap o' good stove-wood." Bill's only notice of tho remark was to shift ends of tho stick and whittle vigor ously. Dainty moved uneasily and gave Brassy a warning glance ; but do warning glance ever could catch Brassy's understand ing. He always maintained it was against bis principles to take hints, " Yes, smokin' is tho most continuous com fortin' amusement I know of ; nothin' like it to put a man in good sperrits, onless it's puttin' good sperries in a man ; an' stove wood in this country is mighty hard to get. Yes, Bill, you ought to take to smokin'. It's palaces, an' diamonds, an' 'Babian steeds to the pore man. Course they got up in smoke, but they're his while they're goin\ If you're hungry, it's a sort of Boothment to the place | 't's achin' for victuals. Ii you're Alone in a howlln wilderness it's wife, ohiloxon, and bave 'em while they re goin , an luK . female sect from ha'ntin' a lonesome Da Ho looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward Bill, _".f' Dainty puckered his brows mto a most, speaking frown and asked, . " BraSsy, do you know why you are not like my old kinle?" v" Dunno, 'less it's 'cause the knife shuts up sometimes. Yes, there's most always some difference betweon Ipeoplo and old knives ; now, there's Bill " ,. Dainty jumped np and threw away nis cigarette. " Boys," said he, " let's tako the dogs over to the rivor and tree a wild cat." Brassy pocketed his pipe immediately* " Bight, ine lord, I'm yourn when it's cats you talk, An' if Bill wants to go, the triumvirate's agreed ; if he don't ' He may sigh to the winds, to the God dess Diana, . , But his dayB they will end on the isle of St. Helena.' " He sang the lines of the old-fashioned, long-out-of-date song in a most unmusical voice, nnd it might have beon the melody that made Bill start so suddenly that he overturned the stool on which he sat ; it might have been the moonlight that made him pale. Dainty hastened to interpose, with the suggestion that if they were going they had better start. He oould not have told why he thought Brassy's insinuating nonsense would give pain to Bill, or in what manner it could pain him ; he was one of those peculiar natures that know nameless things by intuition. He did not care for wild cat hunting, but knew prowling about in the river bottom, trying to scare up " varmints," was one of Brassy's weaknesses. Beside, there were few diversions to break the monotony of tbesheep-herders'exiBtence, even though there were three of them, and they herded their own flocks and rode their own horses. It has been said jocularly of sheep-herd ing, . . "It takes but three months to turn the strongest biain." 1'he saying had a good foundation, more ? especially if the time were Bummer. Think of a human being, endowed with the attri butes of divinity, set down on those vast plains to follow, day after day, a thousand head of bleating sheep- sheep are always bleating ; day after day to see the sun rise, red and sultry, to shine all day through a cloudless, changeless sky on a changeless, brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, and sink out of sight, red and sultry, at eve. To heur, night after night, the weBt wind always the west wind-blowing its dreary music, and the howl o£ the prowling coyote, night after night the same sounds, day after day the same Bcenes, his companionship the lizzard and the horned- toad-always follow ing round and round that thousaud head of bleating sheep. .. The moon was high up in the sky when they reached the timber of the river, which was about three miles from their camp. " Boys," again said Dainty, " I'm somehow sorry I asked you to come to-night; I feel like something was going to happen, and that we ought to get out.of here as quick as we can, "Oh, gosh, Dainty, your feelin'a is too close to the atmosphere. What you s'poso could happen i Think Goaquin Marietta er Three-lingered Jack's a luxuriatin' in the shadders of the underbrush, scented our money-pockets an' layin fur UB, as It were ?" Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous, and Dainty Baid no more of his undefined' fear. - An hoar, two hours, three, of tramping, and not a wild cat was amiable enough to tree and be billed, much to Brassy's dil gust. Tired out, they started home. " Listen, don,t you hear a curious sound ?" said Dainty. All of them stopped and listened, but only, for a moment. "Merciful God 1" shouted Brassy, "run for your lives, it'B the river overflowed I" They sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and briars,and many stumblings. 11 If we could only get to the slough fust," p anted Brassy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall of water higher than their heads was rolling down with terrible swiftness upon them. The water from the river overtook them and lapped around their feet and up to their waists. It was useless now to try to reach the slough, impossible to cross it if they could, that crackling muffled roar was too near. They were between two floods; it was a moment to act without deciding. With one accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty and hoiBted him into the forks of a large sapling, by the side of which they stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute later tbey were in the midst of a mile-wide waBte of fast-rising water. Be hind them was the terrible, swift, rolling river, whose head was in the heart of the eternal snows ; before them the slough, over which they had walked dry- footed three hours before, rolled another river, swift flowing, muddy, ice- cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into the chilling water, and shook and shivered to ita topmost twig when some floating objeot lodged against it. Higher rose the flood and swathed their soaked garments about them ; it was so cold -so cold clinging; and the night so balmy and warm, and the moonlight so soft and so beautiful. " Partners," said Brassy, " I reckon we're euchered thiB time." "Lookslike it," responded Bill, "andI'm quite willing." " Well, then, you're the fust man I ever saw that was ready for rain. Course we'd hev to swing out some day, an, drownin', they say, is a easy death j but to be arowndecl like a parse 1 of treed squirrels disagrees with me. 1 might 'a' knowed these hot dayB, 't's cooked the grass dry enough to make yeast powders, 'd melt the snow an' bring down a flood. Yes, I've lived nigh the river long enough to be a-lookin' out for a thing like this. An' I deserve a soakin' fer bein' BO on thoughted, but I don't like lo be drownded like a miserable squir'l." (TO BE CONTINUED) 