CRICKET. THE VETERANS' MATCH. " I say, old fellow," said a well-known member of the Albion Cricket Club to " our special com- missioner" who was entrusted with tho gigantic task of writing up the Veterans' cricket match on Friday, "don't be too hard on thom to-day, for we intend to get the old gentlemen to give us another helping hand, and they won't like it, you know." He noed not have besought our clemency, for we were already squared by various members of the opposing teams, with several and sundry promises of new hats, fat sheep, tomatoes galore, Jockey Club tickets, books, a genuine Gcod Temp- lar's certificate, a baby's cot (a valuable gift, for iron is riz), groceries, etc.. etc., and therefore our intelligent readers cannot expect us to be false to our obligations by holding up to ridicule the dis- tinguished and generous donors of the above-men- tioned recherche mementos. Poets have written and enthusiasts have raved in the past about the noble game of cricket, but never within the ken of man has such a match been seen as that which attracted nearly 1000 persons to the Albion Ground on Friday afternoon. And never again will the annals of history be ornamented with a similar contest if we do not for the moment throw aside our native modesty and childish objections and lie both gorgeously and effusively over the exploits of the hetoes who for the nonce donned flannels-at the least the few who could borrow the regalia-and again trod the sward in all the majesty and vigour of their half-forgotten youth. Oh for the rhyming style of a Whyte Melville, or the facile pen of a "Little London" to fittingly paint'the scene? which developed and ran riot on Friday. But alas ! it cannot be. This style of writing is just a shade too lofty and tiresome for us, involving, as it does,' frequent visits to the dictionary, so we will have to desc-nd to plain undiluted facts. Well, the day was hot, very hot, but now and again a faint breeze swept up, bearng comfort and ease to the busy ones, but still not sufficient to tempt many of the partakers in this historic match until the final moment from beneath the shades of the pavilion, where stout old gentle- men like Messrs. Quinton, Galloway, and Clift grunted and perspired, and gasped in awful envy when they gazed upon the slender forms and agile limbs of Messrs. A. S. Browne, J. J. Riley, R. A. Young, and others of the lean kine. But a wild cheer broke from them as they saw a procession consisting of a wheelbarrow full of bottles of sooth- ing syrup, accompanied by1" Bob Watson and motive power in the shape of Sam Cosstick's son enter the gates. Through- out the remainder of the afternoon contentment I and shandygaff at appropriate intervals irradiated I their countenances. Here and theie, before the battle proper commenced, could be seen little knots practising, and with such effect did the stalwart brothers Young lay on the wood that they had a narrow escape of being voted professionals and debarred from playing. It was decided to play seventeen men a-side, and they were at length marshalled by the side of their respective captains, Messrs. John Gillies and John Rourke. The coin was spun by the Mayor, and fortune favoured his opponent, who decided to send his men to the wickets, but not before every bowler had to make a hurried declaration that he would not do his best and would only send in slow ones. Tdíb promise truth compels us to say was partially kept-for five minutes. Messrs. Percy Waddy and J. Cal- lachor were selected as umpires, and worked several jobs on the confiding vets. With a vivid memory of the many promises made us we do not intend to follow each man to the wickets : suffice it to say that Messrs. C. Mitchell and C. F. Soiling wended their way to the creases with an air of superiority I and negligent grace which was very disheartening to the other side. That light of other days Jimmy Moore opened the bon ling, and although his sight is not so keen as of yore he got a hint where the stumps were and kept pretty well on the spot. Mitchell soon began to run up an account, but his partner was unfortunate, and was splendidly caught by Webster, and he sadly retired to the pavilion to talk law and politics. Big things, very big things, were expected of George Buxton who had worn all his available medals to the ground, and as he advanced to the vacancy some of the field spread out, and Mr. Crothers somewhat hurriedly proceeded to climb the boundary fence until re- called. Sure enough a big thing did come, for the genial George (a nice pipe for that) sent back O. K. Young's third ball to him, as he didn't like it, and he stared fixedly at 0 as he retreatad. Mr. Rourke followed, and showed some of his old fiie, and later on was ably seconded by Hamilton Blair, but R. A. Young was made into a mental and physical wreck by Jimmy Moore's second ball. The welkin rang with applause as A. S. Brovvje gracefully skipped to defend the timberi, and greatly to the surprise of everyone-including A. S. B.-he succeeded in getting one before he. was dismissed, to make room for old George Moore, who met with a warm reception. For in years gone by he was one of the best known cricketers in Australia, and he showed that al- though close upon 70 years of age he could still hold his own with many youngsters, for he ran up 37 in fine style, some of his leg hits and cuts evoking the unbounded admiration of Sam Coss- ack. J. J. Riley was his partner for a time, but his old enemy rheumatism had hold of one leg, and after swiping a four, and making some pretty strokes he was marvellously caught at point by Jacob. Another surprise was the performance of J. D. Prentice, who showed that he knew something about the game by slogging up nine greatly to the disgust of W. S. Harrison, who looked on with envious eyes. He, however, was soon to have his chance, and he desired to show his utter disregard for the bowling by taking block with the handle of his bat and defending the wicket with his back until recalled to his duty by the umpire. However he snicked a couple which should have been runs but weren't, as his partner' would not give him a chance, and he was finally bowled, and until his dying day he will carry this grievance in his breast. One of the noble army of martyrs was Mr. Grim- wade, who boasts of having seen seventy-five summers, and Be was dealt gently with, and had a lad to run for him, but he was unable to score. The stalwart Dr. Power rattled up nine by vigorous hitting, and when the innings finally closed the board showed 88. Mr. Gillies sent in J. H. Brunker and R. Jacob to commence with, and Buxton, who was bowling, almost as speedily sent the latter back again, and the auctioneer was joined by Foster, who rattled away merrily for 22 before ho could be induced to depart. C. Webster was expected to shine, but he was foolishly run out, and gave place to Al. Beckett, who seemed just a bit too young and too vigorous to be in such a game, and he made 21 nicely before Soiling found his weak sp«t. O. K. Young, with an amount of brotherly love which does him infinite credit, refused to make any because R. A. did not ; but Jim Moore was striotly on the job, and gracefully totted up 9. W. Lipscomb did not care abont staying long« and Galloway left hurriedly. Then the sturdy little Mayor emerged from the pavilion amid howls of encouragement, and immediately launched forth with a pretty stroke to square leg for two, and was trying a third when he slipped and fell, leaving Riley a chance to stump him, but that gentleman had a far- away look in his mild eyes, and spared the Mayor for the honor of the town. Mr. Gillies played an over or two nicely, and, after snicking a single, was unfortunately caught in the slips by Mitchell. Henry Crothers was fretting and fuming in the pavilion until his chief returned, and after consoling him, wended his way to the timber yard with a gay smile and a broken bat. The crowd stood breathlessly expectant, and there is no telling what would have occurred had not something happened; but it did, and the new comer waB run out, despite a gajlant effort to get there. He wanted another chance, but couldn't get it, and had to be carried from the field by his friend the Mayor. Things then began to assume a serious appearance for the batting team when surveyed through the pair of spectacles which Messrs. Main and Owen provided, until the captain bethought himself of Charlie Quinton. That gentleman, with admirable fore- thought, had undergone a strict course of training, but in the absence of a proper ball had to utilize a bag of potatoes, and had almost workedseveral mem- bers of his family into early graves bowling at him. In he was sent to snatch victory from the fire, and he did it like a hero, for he rattled up fifteen in about as many minutes, made the winning hit, and was still not out when his partner, J. Clift, succumbed to one of Mr. Rourke's soft ones. Messrs. H. Prentice and R. Ross had yet to go in, but their opponents gave up the ghost, and the Mayor's team had won by one run with two whkets to spare. The feature of the innings was the wicket keeping of Mr. Riley, who had no gloves on for twenty-five years, but he did his work artistically, and retired with an air of superiority and several bruises . concealed about his person. The cheers which ensued brought a fresh detachment of police to tho spot, and after those who were able to stand had handed their shadows down to posterity through the medium of Mr. M. Moss, and those who could only sit had had a drink through the agency of Bob Watson, they were all helped into the several ambulance waggons, and the ground was soon deserted. Following are the scores : Mr. Rourke's Teak. C. Mitchell, c Webster, b J. Moore. 7 C. F. Soiling, c Webster, b O. K. Young . O G. Buxton, c and b O. K. Young.,. 0 J. Rourke, b Foster. 7 H. Blair, l.b.w., b Moore . 7 R. A. Young, b Moore. O A. S. Browne, b Foster. 1 G. Mocre not out . 37 J. J. Riley, o Jacob, b Beckett. 4 G. A. Smyth, b Foster . O Dr. R. G. Alcorn, b Foster. 1 J. D. Prentice, b Brunker. 9 J. W. Birkenhead, b Brunker . O W. S. Harrison, b Brunker .,. 0 M.Moore, b J. Moore. 0 R. Grimwade, c Jacob, b J. Moore . 0 Dr. Power, b Foster. 9 Byes. 2 Leg-bye. 1 ' . Wides. 2 Total. 88 The Mator's Team. J. H. Brunker, run out. 10 R. Jacob, b Buxton. 1 W. Foster, c Rourke, b Buxton.,. 22 C. Webster, run out. 1 A. Beckett, b Soiling. 21 O. K. Young, c Moore, b Buxton. 0 J. Moore, run out. 9 W. G. Lipscomb, stumped Riley.,. 1 R. Galloway, c Riley, b G. Moore. 0 J. Gillies, c Mitchell, b G.Moore. 3 H. Crothers, run out. 0 J. Main, c Buxton, b Soiling. 0 S. Owen, c Rourke,b G.Moore. 0 W. C. Quinton, not out. 15 J. Clift, jun., b Rourke.,. 1 Byes. 3 Wides. 3 Total for 14 wickets. 89 MORPETH UNITED C. C. v. ALBION C. C. This match took place on the} Albion Ground, last Saturday, and resulted in an easy win for the Albions, with 4 -wickets and 130 runs to spare Their opponents could do nothing with the bowling of McGlinchey and Irwin, the former securing 5 wickets for 7 runs, and the latter 5 wickets for 6 runs. Appended are the scores : Morpeth United C.C. First Innings. R. Waddy, b Irwin. 0 Wakely, not out. 3 Austin, b McGlinchey. 3 Mounsey, b McGlinchey. 0 Butler, c Irwin, b McGlinchey. 2 Hebblewhile, b Irwin. 1 Guilfolyle, c Irwin, b McGlinchey. 0 Merriles, c Onus, b Irwin. 0 Keating, b McGlinchey. 0 Swan, c Matton, b Irwin. 3 S. Waddy, b Irwin. 0 No ball. 1 Total.13 Albion C. C. First Innings, Norman, c Wakely, b Guilfoyle. 0 Nash, b Guilfoyle. 6 Irwin, c Butler, b Hebblewhite.?. 20 Deane, b Wakley. 2 Callaehor, c Merriles, b Guilfoyle. 42 W. Lindsay, c Hebblewhite, b Guilfoyle. 2 Onus, not out. 89 Blaxland, notout.''. 11 Wide. 1 Total for 6 wickets.143 