THREE YIGNETTE3. No. 1. — jtarah. A dingy grocery in a dingy street; passing through the frowsy shop, up a narrow dirt- eucrusted stairway, the hand is upon the latch to enter the meanest room of the poorest dwellintr in the lowest cui de sac of the citv. An iron importers' case, roughly nailed upon four pieces of quartering, apologises for a table, two chandlers' cases do duty as chairs ; there is no bedstead, only a scrim tick of straw, the only positive furniture a narrow American sofa, patched aud .tinkered till ingenuity cxhuusted itself ; a tin kettle, a tin plate, one pannikin, one cup, and a delf teauot with broken snout and iron lid. But floor, table, and stools are clean as scrubbing and water can make them, the small window xuincs are burnished crystal bright, ..while the worh, well-darned curtain liangs spot less white across them. The tenant, a woman thin almost to attenua tion, the want of underclothing, tho thin cotton dress transparent with age and washing, exaggerate meagreness to emaciation. She is standing looking out from the window, her eyes— as the eyes of one past thinking, hoping or fearing, lack lustre, vacant, sad. If she ever rejoiced in feminine charms, they have been those inseparable from youth, cheer fulness, good health, rosy cheeks, and bright eyes, such haTe fled. It is impossible to decide whether she is yet youtliful. Her hair is abun dant, neatly dressed. ; but, indeed, herself, her belongings all around her axe neat, cruelly neat, and as cruelly cold. The sound of a woman's rancous, scolding voice, a springless, uneven step upon the stairs -the woman turns round as her husband enters. His clothing is well worn, spare, shabby, nondescript — neither of labourer, mechanic, nor clerk. He seats himself wearily upon the sofa, his wife beside him. She speaks not a word ; lie volunteers none — tlie day has long since passed when she greeted his entrance with wist ful hopefulness," Any chance of work, Frank ?" \- She never questions now ; disappointment was succeeded by a fear to hope, winch in turn faded to hopelessness. Ho might he thirty. The careworn brow, graTe, weary face, the set rigid lines round the eyes and lips form fit com plement to the face of the woman; together they tableau trouble, failure, weariness of try ing when trial proves futile iu wasted energy, or brings some new rebuff, some deeper humiliation. The writing on the mildewed walls of that upper chamber is plain Ichabod. God, man, and hope have departed thence. 2.— mephistophbles. " I promised I would come up, and here I am. Now Frank, my hoy, what is to be done ? That old virago below seems a very termagant, Why, it is a dead robbery to pay rent for this hole !" While the speaker chattered, his cold keen eyes wanderedrestlessly around, verily analysing the barreimess and nakedness of the surround ings. Frank's wife, after the first greeting, heeded him not, but sat, her face turned from him, her head upon her hand in an attitude of nerveless langour ; the very outline of her drapery, the folds of her poor print materialised all that could be conceived of an aching heart, a desolate hearth, of all grief crowded into a life that wrestled from dawn to dark with abject poverty. The visitor had a bluff, hearty manner in speech and action, every outward and visible sign of jovial good nature and good living ; his warm, comfortable attire, excellent in taste and quality, nought conspicuous, nought outre. His age would he somewhat a problem to a physiognomist. From the eyes downward, the rosy cheeks, well-shaped sensual lips, the round chin with its suggestive double, was young ; but this sleek, jovial presentiment of youth was contrasted and belied hy the heavy jowl, the fine seams and wrinkles in the broad, square-aged forehead, and the crow's feet at the comers of his chill, steel-grey eyes. "To be brief, Frank, you know, and you know that I know you to possess v certain secret iu chemistry, useless, utterly useless and valueless in honest commerce ; to any honest man it is a dead, worthless, scientific fact. Old Robinson Dant, the counterfeiter, on his deathbed bequeathed it to you as a priceless legacy, and so. it is in proper hands. You won't use it — tell it to me ; instruct me, and there is hansel." As he spoke he placed a roll of notes upon the table, dexterously loosening them so they , spread out fan-like as they fell. A small red spot burned on each of Frank's thin cheeks, an unholy light began to glow in his sunken eyes ; but "the light flickered out. 'His wife stirred not, made no sign. " You hesitate," his tempter continued. " What fears, what scruples bar you?.. As to fear, I swear you run no risk ; the oracle shall be worked, and jour band never appear. We will advance by degrees ; in the end the grand coup will bring hundreds. Had the late bank defaulters known what you know, they would still bo honoured men and wealthy. Why not you? Without fear, without risk, what scruples, what idiotic hesitation is this, what scruples can you have ? You have no fixed prin ciples to outrage, jou are a penniless, useless, outcast starveling, and I offer you immediate comfort, competence, luxury, and wealth in prospect. I offer you here aud now that which is to you the stepping- stone to the realisation of your earliest aud best dreams ; that which will crown you with tho joy of triumph over all those who have scorned, reviled, and trampled on you in your later miseries." He paused. Frank was silent. His wife made no sign. " I read your thoughts— chicanery, dis honesty? Yes! Granted 'tis all that, hut what prosperous man has his hand clean in this city of insolvencies, specs, and booms ? Pshaw 1 You are degraded enough now. What deeper degradation is there than to haTe been a convict in the past and a pauper in the present ?" . For the first time Frank spoke " I was innocent, and you know it." " Innocent ! Of course, objectively ; far too dainty a gentleman to soil your white fingers, but of not too dainty a stomach to digest re sults. Has not the broad arrow brand sooner or later laid its vulture's claw upon your character wherever you have been since, and hero I bring you freedom, freedom from its pursuit ; it' only follows the helpless. I put before you. life, health, and suitable associations for men of education, we are superior in education to many who lord it in wealth around us. ®Take your proper place. If I love pleasure and am not unacquainted with riot, it is the outcome of bitterness of soul. I will seek with you the society of cultured men and refined women. Come, let us to work ; what conscience can bo left to us, bench-mites on tbe launches sweeps, companions in the quarries ? " Frank sighed; his wife seemed feebly inte rested. "You repent? Yes 1 because you suffer; you suffer because poor ; your poverty removed and when comfort comes in penitence goes out, and you live to bless me. You have asked for bread, you have received stones. Now is the hour for you, and I am the man, it is the darkest hour in the night of your misfortune. I bring the lamp to light your path to fortune, I am me herald of the dawn, the first gleam of which to your eyes shall be reflected from the golden image of the goddess. Why quarrel with fortune .when she stretches out her hand full of blessings simply. -because it is her left hand, and not her right? .This night, and here, is at your choice all that makes life worth living. To-morrow you will be impotently swung round in the Maelstrom of unpitied indigence, dro wning 'mid carrion and offal ; here are, not straws to vainly grasp, not shreds of delusive wrack to mock vour clinging, but solid spars, a stout raft to bear you safe and sound to the laud of promise you have long prayed to see and feel as solid ground beneath your feet. Your past and preseut is but a charnel-house of bones, crowded with ghosts of good resolutions gone dead — your future, glorious as Canaan." Frank was deeply moved. An eager look was on his face. His wife also seemed flushed with interest. "I appeal to you, Frank, for your own sake, be a man of the world ; by the memory of our youthful friendship, oin.' common suffering, I appeal to you, teach me that secret; I love you as my own brother,, and would save you and yours. You dare not be a fool— look at your poor young wife there, starving, dying' before your eyes ; her blood will be upon your bead — the girl you took from a happy home, from comfort, eTen luxury, to drag her down to this. Seo you not, she is dying from cold, neglect, starvation, and a broken heart. Speak, man! There tire: notes, gold, ,and stiver 1. 1 Tell me this socret. . Let her detade. Consent, Frank — speak for him. Rachel 1" And I say, "Go!" Rachel rose to her feet, all listlessness gone, her whole form erect, dilate, quivering with life, energy, aud indomi table will. No beauty — not even good looks? The woman is alive with the lithe, nervous, vigor ous beauty of a leopardesB guarding her young. "Go! I know you. Infallible instinct re veals your3 the shadowy hand, reaching out from the darkness of your soul and my hus band's past, that has from time tq time, from place to place, pointed the way to his dismissal. Your evil presence has secretly shadowed us even to this last refuge to attain your own ends and purposes. Go 1 you baflled-hound ; to . you and your like we bid defiance, hatred, and contempt to' the bitter end. My husband and -I will, if needs must, eo forth "together to the mercy of the street, perchance even to that Omega of the destitute, tho cold slabs of the morgue; but together, and for the future— innocent." 3.— adonai. Husband aud wife are alone ; each needs the other, both need God. Alone with memories of their early love, their past joys, their present sorrows, the dying moments of their dear lost children. The Great. High Priest officiates at this lonely domestic altar. They pdrtake together of a holier sacfament than the ono that joined their hands in by -gone years, united, now for time and eternity iu the spiritual union that links them through suffering, patience, temptation, trial and victory to love divine. One in themselves, one with Him Crucified. All have sinned. Their, punishment, their dis cipline has not been beyond their strength. In that silent embrace is conceived -the Christ- child Hope. George H. Lkgakd. ; Brunswick, 26th August. 