FOE MONEY OE FOE LOVE. BY MONA OAfflD, [alJL BIGHTS BXSSBVSD.3 CHAPTER I. 'The handsomest man I ever saw, and one of the cleverest. I shall be surprised if that fellow does not make his mark in the world !' 'Nonsense! he won't; he's dressed too well,' was the quoted response of a middle aged woman, who could not herself have pleaded fanocant to the accusation which she had just hurled at the subject of discussion. Gilbert Thainston. handsomest and cleverest of men, had appeared in a rather sudden manner in London circles, where he was now taking the world by storm. He did every thing well, and last but not least, looked velL He felt, and rightly (as his distinguished looking, white- haired critic said), that charity begins at home. ' Who is he -' people used to ask ; but the answer to the question was never very explicit. Not indeed, that there was any romantic mystery hanging over him : Miss Tapley, the loud- voiced, excitable, good-natured hostess of the evening was said to know all about his family ; bat h« seemed, nevertheless, to hold a sort of meteoric position among constella tions of fixed stars. As far as appearances went he was wealthy. Mrs. Jardine always became silent when people spoke about his wealth. '* I never met anyone leas easy to dazzle or convince than yon are, Margaret,' said the first speaker, with a laugh, as he threw his vast bulk into an easy chair by his cousin's side, and looked on with good-natored amusement at the throng of people surging round them. 41 And 1, John Douglas,' returned Mrs. Jardine, with a scarcely perceptible move ment of the eyelids, which seemed to draw thtm together and sligktly veil the eyes, ' never encountered a mso who would more easily take a lucifer-match, lighted sharply and pretentiously under bis nose, for the radiance of the orb of day 1' ' You have some prejudice against the man,' said John Douglas, whOBe great Bize and transparent honesty always scted opon his interlocutor as a sort of appeal— she knew not wby. She smiled and shook her head. Her true-hearted, gigantic, raw-booed Scottish kinsman always sooner or later disarmed her cynicism, rampant as it was. The man was a sort of a natural solvent to all forms of cynicism, uncharity, and hardness of judgment. Though so free -rom guile, however, there was a qnaint northern shrewd ness in his composition, wherein hereditary pride of family also took a prominent place. The honest, simple, unthinking nature of the man never gave to this sentiment a touch oi nobility, whi* is bo foreign to it under ordinary conditions. It took the place of a more intelligent form of self-respect. 'Poor Miss Tapley is losing her head altogether over her pet lion,' said Mrs. Jardine, as she watched the effusive hostess beleaguering her guest, revolving round him cutting off his escape, pursuing him with fevered entreaties to sing, to dance, to recite, to tell some of hb delightful stories, to take a lady to have aome refreshment, to have some refreshment himself. ' Ah ! now yon come within my compass at lm&% ' said Mr. Thainston in calm and measured tones and gravely twirling his black, moustache. ' Von have a trick of overrating my abilities which at once natters ana embarrasses me.' Miss Taplsy laughed wildly, creating a general impression of shrill clamour which made Mr. Tbainston's eyebrows contract. ' Lack of classic restraint,' was Mb criticism on the too enthusiastic lady, whose body seemed in perpetual movement: head, arms, hands, devoted, without rest, to 'Emotional windmill, greatly agitated,' said a rather small young man, with dark eyea and moustache, who was standing by, and who addressed Thainston in a tone implying intimacy. Thainston gave a slight smile without disarranging a feature, an accomplishment in which he excelled 'I think she it going to marry you,' pursued Stewart Pember, pensively. ' Do yon ?' asid Thainston. ' Why ♦' ' Because she loves you*' ' Ejn'-haniing old windmill 1' exclaimed Tbalutou. Again he gave his nndisturbing smile. 'II she wouldn't shriek so I might do worse. She'd pays one's debts and think it a privilege. I wonder if she is curable,' 'Consumption might do it,' returned Pember, not encouragingly. 'She looks fatally healthy,' said Thains ton. ' Do you know who the red-haired giant is, sitting in the corner of the room, beside a woman in grey with Ia»— soon laoa that I— clever woman too !' ' Yes, that's John Douglas— hat * property somewhere in the South oi Scotland— very fine, I believe— one of the old Scottish border towers, with a history and a respectable sufficiency of ghosts. He has one sister— charming girl— if he dies without heirs abe oomes in (or toe property. Then'* soother cbause for you Gilbert. He has asked me to go and shoot wttii him next month. I'll introduce yon. Drat it (the expression is classical English, believe me), if a lellow like you can't pull through his little difficulties, one might as wall be indistingnishably commonplace, and fling away ambition and the fretting *n-ij-t^« attendant on -3«»y1?«g beauty. Look, there's Miss Douglas !' Thainaton's keen eyes wen already follow ing the movements of a graceful, fair-haired girl, who was entering the room on tile arm of Miss Tapley's nephew. Captain Sullivan. A change had t^irTTi place in Thainston's face difficult to describe. He seemed to have drawn in his breatii, and to be waiting as if for the giving of an important verdict. Miss Douglas had a peculiar reserve and yet lightness of movement, sufficient almost by itself to indicate the gentle unoonscjous nobility that the face revealed as soon, aa one met the glance of tile simple eyes. An an miatakeaAile refinement of nature spoke in every look and tone. She was ethereally pale, and her hair which was taken np softly from her forehead was so extremely fair that it almost had the effect of being powdered. The features were delicate, and the face was thin, the large, gentle, beautifully- shaped eyes ruling over it as a spirit rales its A certain austerity which the type of (ace suggested was softened by the brightness and courtesy of the girl's manner. She gave a smiling reception to Stewart Pember's friend, and when Pember went to talk to Beatrice Sullivan, Miss Tapley's pretty fair- haired niece, Evelyn Douglas and her companion found no difficulty in exchanging ideas, though Thainston remained by her side oblivious of everything around him, for more than an hour, He was a man who always knew his own mind, and never took long eitber to make it up or to act upon the co&clQBioa; when made. Before the clow of that evening he knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that he was desperately, feverifhly, in love with Evelyn Douglas, and that he intended to marry her by book or by crook probably by crook, as he said. Her limpid, trnstfnl spirit exhaled from rppealed overwhelming to the cultivated taste of the man ; every nerve was touched with pleasure, every perception — subtly critical as it w&b; — gave back an enthusiastic verdict. pride might find eternal gratification. ** I am going to be married,' said Tbains ton, as be and Stewart Peinber tramped home through the wet deserted streets to thezr rootns near St. James's Palace. ' Indeed '.' relumed his friend ; ' any date fixed!' ' That Miss DonglaB will fix later.' ' Ah ! very good. Bow did you get on with her brother'! She introduced you didn't she !' ' Yes, he came up and disturbed us, bang him ! Or rather hang the woman who was with him, for I am sure Bhe put him up to it. I didn't get on with her at alL She will oppose me tooth and nail. I can see it in ber eye. WelL I am ready for the fight, 'n'^sn* Toe prize is worth it.' 'I don't want to discourage you,' said Pember, in a cogitative tone, 'but I think the fight will be a tongh one. The red haired giant, who soems so easy-going, mU not be particularly pleasant to deal w*th when it comes to a question of marrying into his bloodthirsty old family. He is devoted to bis sister, and dreads ber marrying and leaving him alone in his fortress— which u more than natural, i noticed he was borer ing round Clara Tapley to-night a good deal ; if ha were, to fail in love himself he would be infinitely more manageable, partly through absence oi mind, partly through a fellow feeling. I think we might set Miss Tapley on to make a match of it. Happy thought I She shall palish you both off together— yon and Evelyn Dongias, John and Clara. The Bid lady will shriek herself hoane with delight !' 'But in case of Dongias marrying,' Tfaainston said, slowly, ' Miss Dongias would lose the succession on her brother's death.' ' True, old mole f Beally for a man in lore yon are nediUbly wide awake. Perhaps we bad better drop the Clara Tapley business. [f you and your wife were to live at Cains muir after your marriage, he would be quite satisfied, granted that yoo can convince him that one who does not belong to a Scottish clan is * a man for a' that.1 ' When the two friends had mounted the Btairs and reached their luxurious rooms, they proceeded to take iheir final snake before the great fire-place, each ensconaed in a super latively easy chair. Ihsinston fell into a thoughtful mood, from which his friend found it difficult to rouse him. Evelyn's face was before him still, her soft eyes looking into his. Every little detail of her attitude and dress returned to him vividly, and he could hear the full tones of her voice— that voice which aome mysterious law of nature allots to those women only whose character, whether good or bad, is drawn on a large scale. 'Why so gloomy T' enquired Stewart Pember, indisttnetiy, between two puffs of bis cigar. ' Ob, hang it ail — my position of ooarae 1' growled Thainston, glancing round the room. ' How long shall I have a roof over my head or a chair to eit on f ?'All flash is gran,'* said Pember. 'life is a tale told by an idiot—' vanity ot vanities, ail is vanity,' yet your vuity aa as good «a any other man's vanity— nothing f^f'^^ in your case. Mist Douglas las a small income of ber own, and if this marriage comas off—' Thainston gat np and walked to the window. The blinds ware not drawn, and in eoald sue the dark glistening street, and ft* lamps at intervals mapajng its course down bill towards the palace. It was »-?-—»— j-*^ of Thains. ton that from his intimate friend and com panion he had mrwalfd the most important and disastrous part of his ajUn, and ooneealed the tact of the concealment 'Pigheaded brate— tin brother'.' be said coming htHrfc' to hie ve&t.; 'Yea, but hut manageable if you get him on his right side. The ustor can turn him round her finger.' 'The girl ia marvellous!' exclaimed Tbainston, with a startling bant of passion. 'Go on,' arged Pember; 'divine, ex oaisite, adorable. Don't mind me.' ' I don't,' said Thainston ; '*ne is all that and more. If she knew the sort of man I am!' ' If she is anything like a true woman she will not care.' Again the «-- n-^8— of Pember's knowledge made bis consolation miss fire. 'Then, for the first time in your life, you are in earnest aboutthisf the friend pursued. ?? Damnably in earnest.' Pember studied his companion, steadily smoking all the time. Then be took bis cigar out of his mouth and said, ' For money, Gilbert, or for love?' But Gilbert did not answer that question. Sharp, indeed, was the struggle. The com batants placed themselves in battle array and fought like heroes. For a long time John Douglas failed to realise the position ; and it was not until he found that his sister had fallen deeply in love with her audacious suitor that Be began to take the matter seriously. Pember worked hard for bis friend, and enlisted the sympathies si Miss Tapley, who simply yelled with enthusiasm. There never uxu such a charming, accom plished, handsome, well connected creature SB Gilbert Thaisstou, Be adored Evelyn, and poor Evelyn was visibly pining under the eppoaitian of her brother and Mrs. Jardine, ?hose prejudice against the dear fellow was most absurd and uncharitable. Mrs. Jardine regarded herself in the light of a protector to cue brother and eiatar, notwithstanding that John was not many years her junior. She reasoned with Kvelyn long and earnestly on the subject of ber infatuation for a mere adventurer as she called him, bnt to no purpose. Evelyn believed is him, admired him, worshipped him. She, too, had some of the family obstinacy, and Mrs. Jardine felt that the cause was lost. She shook her head in despair. '* John,' she said, ' I oould weep for the calamity that has befallen yonr house. Four beautiful old home, where for centuries brave, honest men have ruled, must open its doors to an alien — a man without family, habitation or tradition, a mere adventurer — it is sacrilege ! The towers of Cairnsmuir will eurely hang their heads for vary shame 1 I shall expect to see their stem strength crumbling from this very day 1' 