TOPICS OF THE DAY. rFrom our Special Correspondent.] London. September 27, 1889. Tli6 first week of that blighting blast cf autumn, the east wind, has swept away three valuable lives, viz., Lady Holland', Mr. Wilkle Collins, and Mr. Hanry Brougham Farcie. Lady Holland was 77 years of age, and Lad long ceased to take an active part in society, though till Saturday last she en jujed excellent health. By her death that historic pile, Holland House, for e early two centuries and a half the haunt cf the elite of statesmen, philosophers, poets, painters, and humorists, loses one of its most famous - chatelaines. The daughter of the eighth Earl of Coventry, the deceased lady married the fourth Lord Holland In 1833, and In a few years her salon at Holland House became the despair and [envy of other hostasses arid the talk of Europe. 'It was,' eays a contemporary biographer, ' to the mental gifts, personal influence, and tact of Lady Holland that these famous reunions owed that fascination which may fairly be said to have rendered them a focus for almost all that waa bast and noblest In the rank and culture of Ecrope. But charming as was the magic of her presence, the mistress of Holland Bouse Inspired no small amount of awe. In the words of the Princess Liech tenstein, 'Beautifal, clever, ^and well informed, she exercised a natural autho rity over those around her. Bat a habit of contradiction — which, it is only fair to add, she did not mind being reciprocated upon herself — occasionally lent animation, not to Eay animosity, to the arguments In which she engaged. It is easy for some natures to eay a disagreeable thing, bat It is not always easy to carry a disagreeable thing off cleverly. This Lady Holland could do.' The lady who penned these lines was, it may be remembered, Lidy Holland's adopted daughter, whose marriage with Prince Aloys Liechten stein, at the Pro-Cathedral in Kensing ton, ia referred to in the course of Count Beast's Memoirs as an 'extraordinary ceremony.' Extraordinary no doubt in the eyes of the ambassador, because It was witnessed by the Prince and Princess of Wales, and thti3 represented the first occasion since the days of James II. on which an English prince had attended Ma*s. ' Lord Granville,' he writes, 'said to me when the ceremony was over, * I had my eyes on you to eee how a gool Protestant should behave.' Unusaal and remarkable as tbe event was, It was not noticed In the newspapers. Mr. Glad Stone, wbo was not present, said to me, when I expressed my surprise at his abeetce, * If I had come you may be sure there woold have been an outcry.' ' Holland House now passes Into -the possession of Lord Ilche&ter.; Wilkle Collins was getting a little better till the east wind came, when he caught a cold and having no strength left where with to combat it sank rapidly. Tbe popular uoveliBt had not a blocd relation In i he world, and the sole attendants at bis deathbed were his life-loDg friend Dr Carr Beard and his faithful old house keeper. It Is understood he leaves about £10,000. aad that Dr. Carr-Beard and not Mr. Ball Calne (as stated some time back) has been appointed literary executor. Fop many years Wilkle Collins took large r -i-nctitieB of opium, and the habit had no t ?/?--£ ranch to do with the prematare bre^kcp of a naturally strong constitution. He succumbed to the pernicious influence of tbe drag soon after writing ' Poor Miss Finch,' and from that time his hand seemed to lose its cunning. Not that he weakened all at once. ' Man and Wife,' for example, compares indifferently with 'The Woman in White,' but it ia miles In front of such morbid rabbish as ' The Evil GeniuB' or ' Blind Love.' To pcsteiity Wilkle Collins will probably be known only as the author of tile three famous novels usually associated with his name. The Times, I see, pronounces 'The Moonstone' the deceased's masterpiece, remarking that the last chapters of that famous story ' will remain so long as sen sations! novels are read as a model of all that is most sensational, most thrilling, and moBt ingeniously probable Id. the midst of improbability.' Matthew Arnold curiously enough thought ' The New Mag dalen' Wilkie Colllns's best work, and it certainly did work up Into a'capltal play. But tbe story has not the go and elas ticity of his earlier novels. Poor little Miss Amy Levy left behind a special request that her remains might be cremated, and though the Jews are by no means partial to the process of incine ration her family repentantly compiled with her wishes. It does not seem to be true that the poor girl was in any way Untreated by her relations. She was very impulsive, desperately self-willed, and yet intensely sensitive. Her Jewish friends eay they were powerless to sympathise with her. It seemed to them horrible that this young girl shouldjhave used her c.'tfwr \y\n to caricature her nearest and ? oVarest, ecd to hold up her religloa anfl tbefcablts cf the chosen people to con %urseiy. 'Xti&itcn;&f; vuio grraTsfl, fatxrt, iifed of eootte Hot « Httfe angry. MIm Levy warmly, rasenfeul their dis approbation, and want to live with Gentile friends. Subsequently, how ever, she returned home, mod bat for an unfortunate lovenffalr would, her family believe, have become perfectly happy again. The conduct of .the fiance in thi-owing over Mus Levy because of *'Re*ben Sachs,* naturally, tha Jews eay. Bounds very bad to us. It seemed to him efm£?y an inevitable duty. Mr. Henry* Brougham Farnie, the dramatic author ~wiu- succumbed to the east wind on Taeed^Ji was bettor known in London ten years *go than now. He supplies librettos for various comic operas, wrote several Boc^-easful bur lesques, notably 'NemesH' *ad 'El- dorado,' and wbb supposed tobc facile princeps as a stage manager of such-pieces. He leased the Avenue Theatre for soavJ- eesBonti. ' South Kensington ls*H agog over what bas already come to be known as the ' Weldon case.J- Mr4 and Mrs. Ernest Weidon were a wealthy coaple residing ln: Gloucester Mansions, S.W. Mrs. Weldon is 38 years of age, and Mr. Weldon, who was only 32, was her third husband. She is a very large massive woman, whereas Weldon was a little shrimp of a man, and from the time Mrs. Weldon married him, three years ago, it is alleged that she completely dominated him. Be this as it nay, he certainly complained to his brothers of Ill-treatment, and on one occasion recently displayed bruises which he declared were caused by his wife's fists. Last year the pair quarrelled and sepa rated, but were reconciled at Christmas, snd spent this summer at Boulogne. Early In September Mr. Weldon fell ill, and his wife distrusting French medicos, brought him home. He died two days later, and Dr. Farr, of South Kensington, certified the cause of death to be Brlght's disease (the symp toms of which are much the same as those of arsenic poisoning), aggravated by dip somania. The funeral took place hurriedly and with ceremony it is alleged, and alto gether the circumstances were so peculiar that one of Mr. Weldon's brothers con sulted the Home Secretary, who ordered the body to be exhumed. This was done, and a post-mortem held, the result of which will be made known Iu a day or two. Meanwhile Mrs. Weldon's move ments are supervised. On all hands it Is admitted the deceased was a confirmed dipsomaniac, and than Mra. Weldon had great trouble with him. He waa locked up at Lewes once for 14 days in delirium tremenB, and fined at Wandswoith Police Court early this year for drunkenness. There was a great scene at the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday evening, when Nellie Farren, Fred Leslie, Marlon Hoed, and Co. reappeared on the familiar boards after 18 months' absence ia Aus tralia and the United States. No one seemed to care much about the new piece. It was the ' welcome home' we all wished to assist at, and what a welcome It was. When the irrepressible Nellie, frisky, buoyant, and debonnalre as e?er, eklpped blithely on to the stage the smart house literally rose at her. The gallery, crammed almoBt entirely with medical students, hung out a huge streamer, en which was Inscribed. 'The boys welcome their Nellie,' the pit cheered and waved handkerchiefs, and the stalls clapped like lunatics. Later Fred Leslie had an equally hearty reception, the audience rising and singing 'For he's a jolly gocd fellow' much as if it were ' God save the Queen.' Six weeks hence the new burlesque, 'Ray Bias,' will no dcubt have worked up into a conven tional Gaiety success. At present it is much too long. When Fred Leslie and Nellie Farren are together all goes well, bat whilst they are resting one is apt to get bored. Letty LInd, I thought, scarcely danced as gracefully as before she went on tour, and Marion Hood's voice seemed a trifle hnBky. But the entire company, of course, were nervous, and will do better presently. Horace Linfrci'* new venture with Offenbach's ' ' lidgaeds,' at the Avenue, has not so far ' caught on.' Why the work was selected no one seems to know, as it was never even in the old days at the Glebe Theatre a popular success. Mr. Rutland Barrington having dissi pated in the coarse of a few weeks' management at the St. James's Theatre the hard-earned savings of ten years, returns to the Savoy for Gilbert and Sullivan's new opera. George Groasmltb. it is highly improbable will ever act ia a company again. His entertainment has so far proved a perfect gold mine. The little man writes from Southsea that his ebare of the profits up to now average within a few pounds of £320 a week, that he is pestered to death by enterprising impresarios wanting him to ' try America and the colonies.' At present he has no intention of trying either, bob as the villain in the play says, *'A time may come.' Great cariosity is naturally felt with re gard to the revival of *' Caste ' at the Cri terion next week. Leonard Boyne plays D'AJroy ; a young actor named Cllnot, fresh from the provinces, Hawtrle ; acd David James, Secies. Lacka daisical Miss Olga Brandon should be quite at home as Esther, and Lottie Vennie Is perhaps the one contem porary actress capable of doing joatice to the mercurial Polly. The comedy has been most carefully rehearsed, and \rill be staged rather more smartly than hereto* fore. The rumor that Mrs. Bancroft medi tates returnbg to the stage is quite untrue I am sare. The erstwhile petite Marie Wilton bas grown so ponderously stout that it would only be possible to fit her with most unromantic roles. Even on the lecture platform her podgy figure shows to terrible disadvantage. I don't seem to have heard of m*ny Dew songs lately. One Is pestered to death, with the nauseously glncouB('For you' and 'Love's golden dream.' At the promenade concerts Niklha makes a fairish bit with 'Sweetheart,' -which is written to the tune of the 'Ma eherie' waltz ; but Madame An toinette Sterling does not seem to affect anything newer than Mob's ' Children aEleep' and Molloy's ' We'll keep the old grey mare, John.' ' Soldier John, 'Joy E. M. Chesham, has been commended to ns, and Michael Watson's 'Little Lord Fanntleroj' seems being sang every where, judging by concert programmes. The best of the new sacred songs ia 'Gethaemane,' by Odoardo BarrL In the comic line I know of nothing better than Grossmith's absurd parody of modern sentimental songs, ' Thou of my then' and 'A cockney's life for me.' The joy of tbe music- halls are Chas. God frey's dramatic scene song 'Called to the bar,' and James Fawn's highly objec tionable ' ' Ask a pleeceman. ' The barrel organs have with one accord seized on the latter, which has a murder Inspiring refrain. By the way I ought, I suppose, to have suggesied Mr. Michael May brick's new ballad ' Mona ' to your notice. It is published by Boosey, who also an Doucce ''Down by the sunlit stream,' by . Molloy. Chappell's advertise ToatTs 'Witged echoes' as very goody and the new Scotch song writer, Hamlsh McCann, seems to have Boored with a bibulous can ticle called 'Pour forth the wine.' A new poet has arisen for whom 'Dear Andrew with the bdndled locks' and other leading Ugtts of the Savage Club predict a great future. This is none other thanWnilam Winter, therenowned Boston critic, whose obiter dicta on theatrical matters have made and marred the career of more iban one English 'star' In the States. Moet Americana were probably awsre Winter possessed a pretty trick of versification, and had read f aglUve pieces of Ids in *Jie magazines, bnt tin the volume called 'Wanderers' was published 10 days 'ago few appear to have realised how thoroughly good he could be. Now ' Wanderer* * I* £- - J*'-*eei» ,4* £re*jr 'crilcliawod ' Aiglo-Americm drawing room table. It certainly does contain eome gens. What wald 1» better toa* the following vignette of & cathedral city :— The qniet streets « evening fell, Tbe minster'aeloom, the*-lemn beH, The scented air, Tbe rooks that thronged the giant trees, The cbarchyard stones, and over these The moonlight fair. Here, too, are some good 'Ia Memoriam', verses, free from cant and tant and dean cab as a-cameo ; ? SpeakstfUy bete and eoftty tread, For all tbe place is holy ground. Where nature's lore enshrines her dead And earth with blessings folda than round. He rests at last : the world f- r off May riot in her mad excess, But nowlier plaudit and her scoff To him alike are nothingness. He learned in depths where virtue fell The heights to which tbe soul may rise. He ipuDded the«bpu of HeH, He scaled the walls of Paradise. Wfcst else? Tin every wandering star In Heaveois bh«3 vanlt be cold and dim, Our faithful spVJts following far, Walk in the ligb£ that faUs from -him. Our boys aeem to b» going to be even better off than usual fat exciting story books this Christmas. Bt£- Manvllla Fenn has deserted them, findiug noveb apparently better paying bosineH than boys' tales, but Henty, the ever f aithfel, is as usual to the fore with three hew* stories, and Mr. Sabine Baring Gould and Mr. Hail Calne have been trying their 'prentice handB at this description of literature. Mr. Henty's Btories will of coarse be published by Blackies, and are entitled 'With Lee in Virginia,' 'By Pike and Dyke, a Tale of the Rise of the Datch Republic,' and ' One of the 28th, a Story of Waterloo.' The same firm announce ' Grettir the Oatlaw, a Tale of Iceland,' by S. Baring Gould; 'High, ways and High Seas,' by Frankfort Moore ; and 'Afloat at Last,' by J, O. Hutchison. The latter gentleman farther announces, through Ward Lock, 'The Black Man's Ghost, a Story of the Buccaneers' Burled Treasure of the Galapagos Islands.' Mr. R. M. Ballantyne's much ? looked ? forward - to annual tale will deal with smuggling from a novel Btandpolnt, and is entitled ' The Eagle CHS, a Tale of the Western Isles ;' and Mr. Edward Garrett promises 'John Winter, a Story of Harvests.' Messrs. CasseUs lament dolorously that there are not enough ' colchawed' Eng lishwomen In existence to support a really high-class 'toney' magazine like the Woman's World, and that that preten tious, and, if the truth must be told, deplorably dull periodical will, in conse quence, cease to be published. Personally 1 fancy I shall be able to support exis tence without it. Indeed I must confess I never was able to see quite where this magazine's 'surprising superiority to the average ladleB'paper' came in. The fashion notes were not to be compared with the Queen's, the general articles seldom dealt with subjects of genuine domestic inte rest, and the fiction was poor. The speak plainly, Mr. Oscar Wilde failed. Now Atalanta, started at about the same time as the Woman's World as a hlgh-chus magazine for girls, has proved a complete success. It appeals to every sort of damsel, from the immature ' blue stocking,' who goes In for ' competitions,' 'prize essays,' and 'hospital cots,' to the mere 'frivoller' who seeks its pages simply for the entertainment they afford. This year's annual volume contains a delightful novel by W. B. Norris, 'Miss Shafts,' which Is of Itself worth the six shillings the book coats - The statement of Harpers, Manros, and other American pirates that Mra Hanger ford's (the Dachess's) stories are more popular than any others in the States has occasioned a good deal of surprise over here, where this author's works, though indubitably well read, have never been looked upon aa anything phenomenal. The best of them are 'Mrs. Geoffrey' and ' Molly Bawn.' When you've read those you have read the lot. I see, by-the-bye, that some wiseacre has discovered ' The County,' the new novel which has been running through CornhiUj and comes out to-day in 3 vols., is by Mrs. Hungerford. Don't be lieve it The styles are- quite different. ' The County' is obviously by a fresh, healthy, clever girl, who has not studied Rhoda Broughton and James Payn for nothicg. .Rumor, I fancy, more nearly* hit the mark when it attributed this authorship to one of the last-named novelist's many charming daughters. We have heard nothing of Mr. Anatey Guthrle (or ' F. Anstey' as he prefers to be called) for so long that bis new novel, to be published in 3 vols. on October 15, will be welcome indeed. It Is called 'The Pariah,' and aspires to much higher flights than anything he has before attempted. 