In the course of another month the North Terrace political school may be expected to be in session. Talking will be done in the new Parliament Hou6es, and members are already patting on their war-paint and arrang ing sides in preparation for a windy tug-of-war. We are told that the parties known as the Independents and the Neutrals have been talking matters over with the view of amalgamating, but that the attempt was futile. There appears to be such a variety of senti ment amongst them that a union is impossible. The Neutrals themselves also made the disclosure that they could no longer remain a compact body, and accordingly the ties which kept its members together have been severed. A somewhat similar admis sion was likewise made by the Inde pendents, and now both parties are defunct. Hon. members have ju6t discovered that a number of parties is a source of weakness and cannot posBibly accomplish much. Instead of there being a coterie to protect every tittle fad it would be more statesman like to aim at mastering great general principles, and not to waste time and energy on mere crotchets. We gather that the Independents and the Neu trals, on the occasion of their joint deliberations, were so convinced that their pa6t action had been a failure that they deemed it necessary to follow some other course. The gentlemen who formed the Neutral party have admitted that it would be both unde sirable and useless to ' attempt Co oust the Ministry next session. With that view we heartily concur. But inas much a6 parties have been broken up hon. members will have to do some thing, as they cannot continue disinte grated. Il has therefore been hinted that an attempt will be made to form the units that compose the House of Assembly into two bodies — the Oppo sition and the Ministerialists. In fact, it has been rumored that Sir John Downer will become the leader of the Opposition ; and if he should get a good following he is certain to make an early onslaught on the Ministeria Benches. He has not forgotten how his Government was defeated while he was absent from his post but not off duty. It is even reported that the Hon. J. C. Bray will resign the Speakerehip in order to join his former colleague and attempt to oust the Ministry; but we do not think he will do anything of the kind, and even if he did he would not be successful. Neither do we believe that the Ministry is becoming steadily unpopu lar. It certainly ib not with the general public, for a brief period a number of bon. members were annoyed by its refusal to accede to the seed wheat proposals, but the country has in many ways expressed its approval of the action of the Government on this question, and the members of the Oppo sition cannot with a good grace call to their aid the seed-wheat ghost to assist them to the Treasury Benches. The Playford administration has not been in office veiy long, but during its comparatively short life has done much good and given general satisfac tion. It set itself to conduct the busi ness of the countrj on economical and efficient lines. The Civil Service Commission was appointed with a view to beneficial reforms being effected j and it wi.l not be denied, we think, that the Commission has done good. The work may be rather costly, but in this case t&e; first expense will be the only one, while the savings brought about will be permanent. While political gossip makes Mr. Bray vacate the Speaker's chair in order to am ms quondam iriena in tilting Jar. Playford into a back seat, the same jade takes Mr. Rounsevell by the hand and calls him Mr. Speaker. But these things are not done by magic. The Treasurer has not yet lost his head, or his following, and as the members who formed the Neutral party expressed the opinion that it would be undesirable and useless to attempt to oust the Ministry next session Sir John Downer may find that to fight for the loaves and fishes just now may prove a losing game. The pre sent Ministry has worked hard since taking office, and we feel assured that the majority of hon. members are satisfied on that point, and would therefore not countenance an attempt to bring about a change in the adminis tration. The Opposition is not yet formed, and we have known an Oppo sition of large pretensions crumble like a rope of sand when put to the test. The Ministry has as yet nothing to fear, for the materials of the rope that is to do execution have not been put together. The present Commissioner or Public Works is at present taking a good deal of interest in the question of waterconserva tion. He made a tour through the North last week with the object of inspecting some sites which were supposed to be well adapted for impounding water. In com' pany with the Conservator of Water, the Engineer-in-Chief, and members of Parlia ment, he inspected a site for a dam at Tat cowie Springe. The place is said to be very suitable for the purpose, as, owing to ita natural facilities, a large supply of water could be conserved at a comparatively small outlay. According to the Register, Mr. Potter's survey b and calculations make the cost of the dam from £20,000 to £25,000. The drainage area would be fifty square miles, and the water conserved 300,000,000 gallons, which would give twelve inches of water annually to 12,000 acres. The above figures of themselves are not sufficient to base a calculation upon, as the expense of reticulation, wear and tear, and working expenses have all to be added before the price to be charged per acre can be ascer tained. But these data will eoon be forth coming, and it is only at such places as that mentioned, where the natural facilities are eo favorable as to admit of the water being impounded and distributed at a compara tively small cost, that irrigation is likely to pay. On many farms there are places suit able for conserving water on a small ecale, and if the farmers attended to this sort of work during spare hours, they would event ually receive considerable benefit from it. It is, of course, impossible for any single agriculturist to conserve enough water to irrigate his wheat crops with, but he might impound sufficient for his garden or for a certain acreage of root crops and green fodder for his stock. We believe it is the intention of the Government to bring the subject of water-conservation before the House during the next session, and that it will recommend the construction of the Tarcowie dam. As we have pointed out, the question to be considered is not simply the cost of the dam, but the total cost of the works, as by this alone can ip be ascer tained whether the affair will be reproduc tive. If it is proved that it will pay full interest and expenses there need be no op position to the undertaking. Our colony is young and our population small, but if water-conservation and irrigation are a suc cess even in the most favored localities greater prosperity may be expected in the future than we have been enjoying of late. Thb miners of Yorke's Peninsula have for some time been kept on the tenter-hooks of suspense. They have had to submit to suc cessive reductions in wages, aud have in consequence been sadly disheartened. Things continuing to look gloomy, they have been in daily dread of faring still worse instead of better. Unfortunately, the price of copper is likely to continue low, over-production having placed an immense stock on the market. A short time age the directors of the Moonta and Wallaroo Mines intimated that they would have to make a further reduction of wages, end this,it will be remembered, was objected to by the miners | and surface men. The reduction resolved on was ten per cent., which, of course, was I a great deal to the men, whose wages were small before. The directors have now nn i nou&ced; that they have no alternative than to stop unremunerstive work. This has caused general dissatisfaction on the mines — and quite naturally, for a large number of men will in consequence be thrown out of employment. The miners are considering the situation, but as shareholders will not allow the mines to be worked at a loss, the men muBt either accept less pay or the works be closed. If the men cannot live upon the wages now offered, there is no thing before them but to leave the district and seek work elsewhere, but if they are still able to subsist comfortably on the reduced earnings proposed they may yet accept the directors' ultimatum and work at the mineB until they can either better them selves or the price of copper rises. South Australian Jockey Giajb. — The third day's meeting of the above club was held at Morphetville on Saturday last. The Selling Hurdle Race of one and a quarter miles was won by Bosh. Britannia secured the Totalisator Handicap, three quarters of a mile, and Sick Swiveller ap propriated the Ladies' Bracelet, one mile. Some interest was taken in the Clare district in the Steeplechase aa Skylark II. is a local horse, and it was thought that he had a big show of winning. Fate, however, was against him, as he fell, the winner turning up in Mahdi. With 7 et. 7 Ib. up Viator won the S. A. J.O. Handicap, one and a half miles. Hungb? Dogs. — Clare is as well repre sented by the canine tribe aa any town in the North, and in point of number and variety the odds are in its favor. We pre sume the dogs are all registered, but we are certain they are not all well-behaved. Ab a matter of fact, some of them are addicted to thieving in a systematic manner. They are not particular as to the sort of meat they take, aud on Saturday morning last a greyhound made off with a ' chunk' of bacon from one of the stores, a proceeding which the owner did not appreciate. People who keep dogs should feed them or leave them at home. Bakeb's Cbkek Crushing. — Messrs. Roach Bros, telegraphed as follows on Saturday evening : — ' Twelve hundred and ninety six ounces fifteen pennyweight from 108 tons from Smith's reef.' Average, 12 oz. Late Buggy Accident. — Mr. G. H. Frey, advertising agent for Eureka tobacco, who met with an accident to his trap last week, has had it repaired by our townsman, Mr. Richards, and pronounces the job well done. Sale of Blood Stock. — At a sale of horses in Adelaide on Friday last Mr. R. E. H. Hope, of Ciare, purchased a Turret field yearling colt by The Englishman, from Lancaster, by Sir Edmund, for 86 guineas. Mr. Jas. Hill, J. P., of Inchiquin, gave 20 guineas for The Flower, by Richmond from Camellia. Cable News. — The following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies : — Miss Coraweil, one of whose objects in visit ing London is to promote the scheme for constructing an outer harbor at Large Bay to accommodate the largest class of Bteamers employed in the mail service, has been actively engaged during the past few days iu holding iutetviewa with contractors noted for their success in the construction of har bors. The result of these communications has been to assure her of the practicability of the scheme, both aa to the nature of the propositions proposed and the cost. — At to day's (May 8) sitting of the Parnell Com mission Mr. Parnell agreed to produce the shorthand notes of his secretary, Mr. Camp bell, of letters he had dictated to him with reference to advances to the League from private funds. Referring to the payment of cheques by Mr. Parnell Sir Richard Webster stated that the cheques showed that they were made on behalf of two men named McCaffrey and Curley, Invincibles, and of other suspects now confined in Kilmainbam Gaol. Mr. Parnell explained that these payments were made before the suspects were charged with the crime with which they were convicted. Archbishop Walsh was then called, and gave some important evidence. He deposed that the Roman Catholic Bishops were now' encouraging the clergy under their charge to assume re sponsible positions in the League. He con sidered that the Land and National Leagues were a defensive necessity in the present state of affairs. His Grace said the Land League had had the effect of diminishing crime in Ireland. With regard to any con nection of Mr. Parnell with secret societies, it was a fact that they started after that gentleman's arrest, and that they had vir tually ceased now in the rural districts. He did not hesitate to Bay that there were articles in the Irishman to which the term abominable should be applied, and he per sonally disapproved of the tone of many ap pearing in the United Ireland. It had never denounced the practice of boycotting, but had enforced intimidation, and there could be no doubt in hie mind that an act of en forced intimidation was most reprehensible. He was bound to acknowledge that he dis approved of Mr. Parnell's advice to people to shun the men who took up evicted farms. He also objected to the publication in a black-list of persons who were not members of the Irish Leagues.— Sensational accounts have been received of the recent disturbances in Abyssinia which culminated in the death of the Negus, King Johannes, in circum stances of a peculiarly tragic description. A Btrong force of Abyssinian troops under the command of the king met a large body of Dervishes, and the opposing armies fought a series of pitched battles, which continued through three successive days, with great slaughter on both sides. On the first day the Abyssinians had the advantage in the encounter, causing the Dervishes to retreat, and capturing many prisoners. The Der vishes, however, rallied, and on the second day surprised the camp of the AbjBsinians, killing and wounding a large number of them. Amongst the wounded was the King, whose injuries were eo eerioue, com bined with fatigue of forced marching and the extreme heat, as tocau6e him to develop a raging fever. In a fit of temporary in sanity — the effect of the disease — the king ordered that 2,000 of the Dervish captives who had been taken in the first day's en counter should be beheaded. This was done, and in a further paroxysm of madness he I compelled his men to place the corpses of i the murdered prisoners in a great heap be i fore his tent. On the morning of the third | day. King Johannes dressed himself in eump i tuous robes, mounted his horse, and declared ? that he was the ' Elect of God/' and per fectly invincible. He tben renewed the battle with the Dervishes, who, exasperated by the massacre of their comrades on the previous duy, fought with great ferocity. The Abyssinian King, who exposed himself recklessly, received fresh wounds, and shortly afterwards was killed. The Abyssinians were seized with a panic when their leader fell, and retreated in great disorder. They were followed by the Dervishes, who utterly routed them, it is estimated thai altogether 30,000 of the King's troops were killed. Chess. — A meeting in connection with this interesting game is convened for this evening in the Institute, Clare. The object in view is to form a club, the original Clare Chess Club having been defunct now for a number of years. ' Oub Inhebitance in the Hills.' — This is the title of a pamphlet containing a series of articles, by a special reporter, and which were recently published in the Regis ter. The work, which has been printed by Messrs. W. K. Thomas & Go., Adelaide, contains a large amount of useful and in teresting reading given in an easy manner. At the end of the brochure the regulations under the Crown Lands Act, 1888, are printed, together with a map illustrating the subject treated. Received — The Australasian Sketcher for the current month. The exceptional increase in the sales of Wolfe's Schnapps may be attributed to its marked superiority over other Spirits. Wolfe's Schnapps is the only genuine Schnapps — Avoid all counterfeits and imi tations. 