GENERAL NEWS. Tbo timo of the Lcgislativo Assembly last evening was about evenly divided by a discus sion arising out of tbo usnai Supply Bill, brought down to the House by Mr. Al'Alillan, and tho Land question. Olborwieo there was little of interest in tbo nltting, (be most im portant Aliuistorial statement of tho evening being that tbe Government intonded preparing tbo Local Govcromcnt Bill during tbo recoss, and usking Parliament to deal with it at tbe beginning of tbe next session. Tho longest and moat auimatcd portion of last evening's Assembly business was a dis cussion arising immediately out of tbo passing of tbo Monthly Supply Bill. Air. Lyno wanted to know whether it was a fact that Mr. Midel- ton, late locomotive cngineor for railways, was callod into Air. Eddy's office ono day and presented with a cheque for £1000. being at tbe samo time informed that his services would be dispensed with, and if tbat wore trno why such treatment bad been meted out to Air. Alidelton. Air. AI'Millan's answers were en shrouded in mystery. Tbe 'particular officer in question bad been presented with the cheque and tbo holiday for a vory good reason — a reason that applied ail round to other officers who bud been eirailarly treatcd, but to enter into a minuto explanation would bo to inflict unnecessary pain upon the Honso and tbo gontlemen alluded to. Tbe sole control of tbe' railways bad been vested in tbo Commissioners and to question their appoint ments was to fetter tliom in their worx. Atr. Dibbs, in tbo course of his speech, hinted that Mr. Midelton bad been promoted by Sir Henry Parkes, with 120 other officers, when the Chief Commissioner was almost on tho eboreB of tho colony. This Sir Houry strongly denied, saying that ho had always been opposed to that gentleman's appointment, and that the appointment was really mado by Air. Suther land at tbe instigation of Mr. Goodcbap. Inci dentally aoveral opinions were expressed in tho course of tbo debate upon tbo policy of tho now commissioners, Mr. Stephen, who, accord ing to bis own admission, is a neighbor to most of tho engine-drivers and stokers in the colony, observed that they were stretching their powers to the fullost degree, and in common with ono or two members he ' deplored tbo dis missal of old servants for now comors. Very littie time was lost iu making political capital ont.of tho Oniof Justice's commi-nts upon tbo conduct of Mr. Wboolar, ALP., tbo return ing officer at tbo Potersham municipal election in March laBt. During yesterday morning the Chief Justice, in giving judgment upon tho application of one of the aldermen, said that Air. Wboolor bad beau "guilty of mis conduct and gross misfeasance," mid during tho early portion of yestorday's sitting of tba Assembly Air. 'l'homas Walker brought tbe matter under tbo notice of tbo Premier, inquir ing at tbe same time whotlior it was the inten tion of tho Government to take action upon lt. Sir Henry Parkes said that be did not consider tbat it was any part of liis business to tako notico of what tbo Chief Justice might say against a gontloman, simply beeausu lie bup- poned to be a mernbor of Parliament. Aud there the matter dropped, Air. Walker mingling with tbe dying echoes of tho Premier's voice a disconsolate sentence to the effect that be bud taken notico of what somobody less important than, tbo Chief Juptito bad Said about him. Tbe present Govcrnhlent is still dogged by tbo ghost of its predecessor, and in tbo As sembly last night tbo spirit wns particularly demonstrative. Wllon Air. Dibbs roso " to entor his solomn protest" Mr. Hugh Taylor had tho misfortune to Bmilo in tbo direction of tho frontOpposition benches, and that smile reminded tbe leader of tho Opposition that certain land for the old people's asylum at Parramatta had bean purchased from tbo bon. gcutleman's brother, and tbat as far as Parliament kuew neither tba. land nor the buildings upon it bad been paid for. Air. Al'Millan explained tbat so far only £000 of tbo total purchase money of £0000 bad boon paiu upon tho land, aud that the contractors hnd not been paid for the cot tages at all. Air. Dibbs proceeded to sympathise with tho " poor contractors wbilo other mem bers' souls went ont to tho old people, somobody asking if their cottages wcro afloat yet, and Air. Crick winding lip tho business by threaten ing tbo House with a salect committee on tbo question. Tho fact that so little notico has been taken in Parliament of tho historic and, indeed, noto rious Webster court-martial is probably a conse quence of tbo mildness of tbo sentence passed upon the prisoner. Mr. Abigail, however, is not going to concede a question of principle to a lucky combination of circumstances. In the Assembly last night ho probed tbo matter as bo evidently believed to tbo core, and iu response to a series of searching questions was informed that Major-General Richardson did not rofuso to grant the prisoner's counsel a postponement in order to enable him to master tbo facts of the case, tbat no evidence was admitted except on oath, tbat Lieutenant Littio did not work np the case against tbe prisoner, and that .the legality of the pro ceedings hnd been confirmed by the Supreme Court. From tbo nature of bin qucs-_ tious it was obvious tbat Air. Abigail did not understand tbe facts' of tbe case, and further that bo bad been induced to move In tbo matter by representations more or less wide of tbe mark. It, was, however, interesting to bear from the Premier that the Government were considering tho propriety of allowing Webster's wife and family an allowance to keep them out' of tho Benevolent Asylum. Air. O'Sulllvan asked tbo Premier yesterday whether he bad taken nny steps to secure an official account of the colcbration of tbo cen tenary of New South Wales, and if so, when the work was likely to be published. Sir Henry Parkes in reply Enid, "I was in complete ignorance of any intention to publish a paper of this kind until it was brought undor my notico this morning. I understand tbat tbe publication was stopped by a former Minister, tbo Hon. J. F. BurnB, when holding the office of Colonial Treasurer. I bad no knowledge of tbo matter until it was brought before me to-day, and I scarcely need Bay I have not bad time to loon into it." An attempt was mado in tbe Assembly last evening by Air. Thompson to elicit Trom tho Premier the names of the two officors referred to in the report of tho Civil Service Board — the one as having been dismissed, tbe other ns having been reported for miscondoct ou more than one occasion, and both of whom wero pressed upon tbe board as worthy of promotion over the heads of older and worthier officers. Tbe bon. member wanted to know also in what depart ment these officers were, what were the offences with which they wero charged, on whoso recommendation they wero selected for promotion, and several other items of delicate interest. But at! to no purpose. Sir Henry pointed out that if tho questions wero answered categorically it would probably place the otfieers of the department referred to in- an unfair light in tho absence of explanations. He would, however, presently lay tbe report of the Civil Service Board npon the table, and tbat wonid no donbt afford tbo bon. member tbe information be required. Mr. Dowel, in tho conrsc of a carefully pre pared speech in the Assembly last night, delivered, however, to as tbin a House as most of those that have listened to tbo Land Bill discussion, characterised tho measure as a " liberal one and a generous one ns regards tbo settlement of tbe people on tbe country." He deplored tbat it could not have been made more comprehensive, and regretted likewise that co many largo areas of land in promising districts bad not been thrown open to settlement. Air. Crick followed Atr. Dowel and Air. a'Beckett followed Mr. Crick, tho debate dragging on more wearily thau ever daring tbe greater part of tbo evening. Tbo lectures delivered by Air. Bailey to the rustics of England on tbo advantages of anti podean life were referred to in the Assembly last evening by Air. Garvnn, who wanted to know how it wns that in spito of tbe expressed wish of the House to tho contrary the lecturer bad been paid £200. Air. Frank Smith wanted tq know- who would refund tbo money, and in the absence' of a satisfactory explanation from the Government Atr. Garvan intimated thnt if lie bad remained in tbo Treasury bo would have got tlie explanation by book or by crook. In the Legislative Conncil, yesterday, assent wns given to the North Siioro Drainage Works Bill aud to tho Church of England Property Bill. Tbe Oakley Park Coal-mining Bill was read a first time. The House then went into committee upon tbo Public Works Act Amendment Bill, tho second reading of which bad been carried on tho voices. Clause -1 provod tbe sticking point in committee, a number of members opposing tbe reduction of tlie quorum from, five to seven. However, Mr. Humphrey's' amendment raising tbo qnorum to sevon during tbo consideration of the committee's tioal report was accepted as a judicious compromise, and after an hour and a half's debato tbo claimo was agreed to as amended. Tbe remaining clauses wero verbally amended and tbo third reading was fixed for to-day. Tho Central Police Court Bill was also taken through com- raittoo, and just before tho H'ouso adjourned at 9.30 p.m. a Temporary Supply Bill was read a first time. In the cOurso of his reply to tho toast of "Success to the A.U.S.N. Company" at tho dinnor ou board tho steamer Cintra on Monday- Air. Bums, of tho firm of Burns, Pbilp and Co., tbe local agcuts, mentioned tbat tbo com pany wero building three new steamers, which should bo ont and in scrvico within six moDths. Tbo now boats, we learn, will be a great im provement on somo of those at present running under tho A.U.S.N. Company's flag, being both larger and faster. They will bo built of steol hp to Lloyd's highest class and no expense will be sparod to mako tbcm com plete at all poiDts. Every nttentiou will be given to tbo passonger accommodation, which will bo on a most luxurious scale with roomy berthing space for 100 saloon and 90 second saloon passengers. Tbe fittings and furnishings of tho snloon will bo of a most elaborate description, whilst tbe decora tions will form one of the leading features of tho apartments. Tbo vessels will bo fully cqnlpped with modern improvoments, including hydraulic gear for tbo discharge and taking in of cargo, and tho electric light, &<. Tbo engines of tlio now steamers will bo either on the triple or quadruplo principle and capable of maintaining a speed of 10 knots per hour. To ensure safety each boat will bo built witli numoroiis watertight compartments, which will niuko bor almost unsinknblc. Spacious prome nade decks, smoking and retiring rooms, refri gerating chambers, itc., will form some of the additional attractions of tlio now vessel, which will doubtless command a fair share of pat ronage in the intercolonial trade. The Premier will receive the following depu tations to-day : — At 11, Frioudly Societies on tbe subject of foes paid for registration ; at 11.30, Trades and Labor Council, for tlio intro duction of a bill to compel tbo stnmping of Chinese furniture anil tlie issuing of licenses to persons dealing in such furniture. On Thursday last a deputation waited on llio Minister for Works to ask for a survoy to be mado for a deviation of tho proposed Goulburn- Crookwoll railway. Mr. Bruce Smith said that if tho members of tho iloputation would enter into a guarantee to pay tho cast ot tho survey for the deviation he would liavo tlie survey car ried out. The deputation agreed to this pro posal, but yesterday tlio Minister received a letter from ono ol tho members wheroin it wns Btpted that the doputntion withdrew from the engagement. Tho attention of tho Colonial Treasurer has lately been called to the sanitary condition of tho Glebe Island abattoir with a view to remedy such dofents, either in tbo past or pre sent management, as are capable of improve- ment. During tbe last 12 . months the oT4p system of conveying tho waste products of thb island by punt outside tlie Heads and there discharging thorn had been revived ; but as it would appear that this roturn to tho old plan (which hnd become obsoleto) has not been a success, it has boon determined to rovort to tho desiccating of tho blood and offal. This had been temporarily discontinued, but it ia really an important factor in maintaining tho cleanli ness of the island, quite npart from the com mercial value of tho manure produced by the desiccating process. Arrangements are now being made under which the whole of tho waste products left on tbo islands-after the desicca tion of the blood and offal, will bo conveyed in a suitable punt to sea, and on completion of thoso arrangements not a particle of solid ot liquid matter will be allowed to pass Into and pollute tbo harbor. Yesterday afternoon a depntalion represen ting the Marino Engineers', Seamen's Union and Stewards' and Cooks' Union, accom panied by a number of members of Par liament, waited upon the Colonial Treasurer to ask that the vacancy that had occurred on tho Alarine Board by the resignation of the Go vernment nominee might ho filled by the appointment of a certificated engineer accep table to tho maritime bodies. Atr. Al'Alillan expressed his belief ia tha need of a reorgani. satiou of tho hoard, but whiloit wns constituted' in its preseut form the Government would have to nominate a representative without consnltlng any society. Ho would seek to oblnin tho best engineer possiblo for the vacancy. It seemed to him that the board shonld iucludo a marine expert, an engineering expert and a thorough business man. An Intimation would bo giveu before long of the intentions of the Government. Tho Postmaster-General, accompanied by Mr, Cracknoll, Superintendent oi Telegraphs, visited north St. Leonards ycBtorday and examined tho po.-t and telegraph offices there. They ascer tained tbat while tho building was all that could be desired for the purposes in the locality yot, owing to the iocrease of population it was desirable that another place should ho taken near the ferry at Allison's Point. An offer of a building has been made aud the place having been inspected it was secured on very advan tageous terms, uud will, without dolay, ha' opened for tho public benefit. In tho Equity Court yesterday tho action Hunt aud others v. Archer, which stood as part heard was continued. The plaintiffs purchased certain land at Burwood in 1881, aud then gave up to the defendant a strip at t'ue hack on con dition that an outrauce was given by means of a lane over tho remaining allotments. In con sequence of the iadentitco of conveyance not containing the granting 'of the 10ft. strip, the plaintiffs came into court unable to defend an action for trespass brought against tbein by the defendant after ho had closed the lane. Tho plaintiffs . sought to have the conveyance amended and their right to the use of tho lane declared. Further evideuco for the plaintiffs was hoard yesterday, when tho case stood ad journed to Monday. In Chambers yesterday Air. John AI'Langhlin was plaintiff in a suit against tho Ateasrs. Ben nett, of the Evening News, for tlie discovery of certain docuinonts which he considered material to a ca9Q he is bringing against them for £2000 damages sustained in consequence of alleged libels which appeared in tho News regarding his candidature at Cootamundra during tha last election. Tho Cuiirt ordered an answering affidavit to bo tiled by defendants wttuin H days. In Banco yesterday, in tho exparto suit brought by William Charles Failick, of Peter sham, to oust Edward Roland Hnlloran from tbe positton of aldermau for South Kingston Ward, Petersham, the Court ousted Qalloran from office and animadverted on tho conduct of the returning officer, Mr. Wheeler, M.P. The fortieth annual mooting of the Austra lian Alutual Provident Society was hold in. the Protestaut-ball yesterday, Mr. J. I'. Abbott, Af.P., chairman and director, presiding. The meeting, which was fairjy well attended, was marked by a quietude which formed a striking contrast to some of the recent meetings of tho society, when questions on which a difference of opinion existed were unsettled. A satisfac tory report was preseuted and, on the motion of tbo chairman, adopted without much dis cussion. Alessrs. George Christie, Tho-. F. H. Mackenzie aud Thos. Pratt were nominated fot the vacant nuditorship of the society. The chair man declared tlio show of hands to be in favor of AI r. Christ ie. The supporters of the other candidates, however, demanded a poll and tlio meeting was adjourned for three weeks, when the result of tho balloting will bo mado known. Air. Buchanan, Alavor of Newcastle, waited upon tlie Alinistcr for Works yesterday to bring under liis notice the insanitary condition ol Cottage Creok, Newcastle. It wa|i pointed out that this creek crossed Elaine-street, a populous thoroughfare. Provided the Government so constructed the work as to make it fit iu with a comprehensive scheme of draining Newcastle they wonid tako tho works over with the whole. Air. Bruce Smith said ho had given instructions for tlio preparation of a bill for tho necessary expenditure in carrying out a comprehensive scheme. The whole of tho drainago schemes in tho district would be placed under the control of ono central board. The work in connection with.lhis creek to make them of a permauent character would cost £6000. Ho would liavo tendors called without delay for carrying ont tbo work. The conncil of the City Railway Leagno took into consideration yesterday the in terview with tho Railivuy Commls- sioncra on Alonday and decided to ac cept tlio proposal of tho Commissioners as a first instalment of tho scheme for providing a railway to tlie waters of Port Jackson, at tbe same time expressing tho hope that the Central station at King-street and Hyde Park would speedily ho supplemented by a passenger branch to Circular Quay. During tho meeting Mr. G. M. Pitt stated that ho remembered tlio last races held in Hyde Park, then known as " Tho Race course." The event took place ou Beptomber 13, 1821. The principal race was won by Rob Roy, with Mulberry second. Mr. Pitt, as a lad, was privileged to viow tho race from the cranary steps of a hutol in Castleroagb-streok It was suggested that Air. Pitt might soon see tbo iron lioiso careering about on tho old race- courso, a wish he cordially joined in. Tho stoamer German Emperor, which a cablo in our yesterday's iseuo stated had been sunk by collision with the steamer Beresford in tho English Channel, was a British vessel with a not register of 687 tons and a gross measure ment of 909 tons. Slio was built at Sunderland in 1872, and belonged to Mossrs. J. S. Barwick and Co., of London. Her dimensions woro Length, 210ft. 8iu.; beam, 29ft. bin.; and depth of hold, 10 f t. bin. The vessel was propelled by ougines of 98 borso power. Tlie premises occupied by Alessrs. Fro3t and Shipman, opticians, carrying on business at 174 George-street, wcro diecovered to bo on fire shortly after 8 o'clock last night. A qnantity of opticians' implements and material 'Were damaged by file and breakage, and tbe front door and two gluss ensos wero injured through tho process of cffocting an entrance. Air. Beams is the owner of tlio premises, which are boliored to bo dnsnred, but in what office has not been ascertained. Tlio outbreak is sup posed to bavo been caused through a light Slaving been thrown down. A number of gontlemen,' including Air. O Sullivnn, Dr. Rosa ami Afr. R.J. King, AIs.l'i, and residents of Gmidnroo bud an .interview yesterday with Mr. Barling, Under-Secretary for Works, in tlio absouco of tbe Alinister, with reference to tlio construction of n branch rail way from Gunning to Qucnubeyan via Gnn- tbiroo iu connection with a system of light railways to convoy stock to the high lands in times of drought. Atr. Bailin'g said ho wonid lay tho matter before tho Alinister and let them know tlio result in a few days. At a meeting of ladles and gont'.omon held in tho Tempernnce-hnU yesterday aftornoon, the desirability was affirmed of establishing a homo or asylum for inebriates. A motion was carried in favor of nn Act being passed to give the directors of the proponed asylnm legal authority ovor tlio inmates, and a coramittaa was elected to soo Sir Uenry Parkes and obtain Ills views on tlio likelihood of tlio Government taking such a bill iu hand. The unanimity ol tho meeting proinisos well for tho ultimata success of the movement. As Indicating tho euro that has been taken to insure a good class of sood wheat being sup plied the farmers, it may ho slated that hotweea 12,1100 nnd 13,000 bushels have been condemned. There liavo been no complaints to tho depart meat SB to tlia (jUimtf oUbo wheat eiifrplloa From Dubbo au intimation was' received that they would prefer wheat other than Now Zealand, and endeavors have been made to meet thia deaire. The diatribution baa now practically conned. The wheat baa been sent to districts throughout the wliolo colony. Kegret was expressed at tbo annual meeting of tho Horticultural Society last nigbt at the sttmll interest taken by the publio in tho Focioty'.s shows. Tho ohairtnau (Mr; P. L. C. Shepherd, M.L.C.), said that this was. not the fault of the society, as every oilort had been made to get up good exhibitions. Mr. C. Dennett submitted a motion 011 the Bubject with a view to the society effecting affiliation with kindred associations in the colony aud establishing local affiliated societies in the principal suburban districts and provincial towns. Tho motion was withdrawn on the understanding that the matter bo ventilated in committee. The Casnal Labor Hoard Commission have completed the taking oi evidence, and an exten sion of a fortnight has boon granted so that they may finish their work and bring up their report. The adjourned conference of suburban alder men on the Water and Sewerage Act Amend ment Bill was held In the Kedfern Town-hall hat evening:, the Mayor of the borough (Mr. J. Crowe) presiding. Tbo clauses of the bill were all dealt with. Clause 5 was nmonded to read, i1 any pipes laid for the carrying oil: of nil sewer cus to be dona subject to tho approval of. the various councils." Clauee G, amended, " whore service pipes are raised, fce., work, to be done at expense of Minister or board, and councils to bo indemnified for any accident that may accrue." Clause 7 was amcuded so aa to read that "connection with tho scwora shall be compulsory." Clause 12 was mude to read, "compensation if auy injury is occasioned to private property by sewer passing through it." On clause 25, the original resolution at the previous conference on the subject of the election of tho boatd and the amount of re muneration to be paid to its members was ad hered to, and words were added to the effect that " sub-section 3 of section D of the prinicipal Act is hereby repealed and a clause substituted to tbo effect Ihut the boroughs and municipal districts interested return four mem bers to the board, oue from each district, north, south, east and west, and that the whole of the members be elected." Aldermen Jones moved, and it wa9 carried unanimously-—" That, iu the opinion of this conference, the Government should advance money to any council desirous of carrving out sewerage works at a moderate rate of interest, sach advance to be secured upon the rates, tho work to be done subject to the approval of the Government und undor tho supervision of one Government officer, and that the Minister be requested to bring the tenor or the resolution into effect." Messrs. W.Howard Smith and Sons, Limited, have received the following cable message from their London solicitors 1 " Tho appeal of tho Australasian Steam Navigation Company in the BirkKgate-Barrahool collision case has been dis missed with costs." In connection with the above case it may be mentioned that Messrs. \\\\\ Howard Smith and Sons obtained a verdict against tbo A.S.N. Company for £-1935 lis 7d, and the appeal of the A.S.N. Compnuy to tho Privy Council for a new trial has, as in the Kedawarra-Victoria case, been dismissed with costs. A chess match by telegraph will be played to-morrow between tho Sydney School of Arts Club, represented by Mr. Crane (champion) and Messrs. Marks, Ridloy, llyan, J. aud C. Cban- uon and Lusk, and the "Victorian Chess Club, consisting of Messrs. Brocklc- bank, Willon, Simpson, Moulds, Council, Tullcdgc and Morrcll. Mr. A. Pinkatouo will act as umpire for Melbourne. Mr. Clay and Mr. Tinkstonc will direct tho play on this Bide. A very close contest is expected. " Citizen" writes j— "It is not creditable to our city that Post-office-street should he prac tically in tho possession of two fruit-stalls. Who is responsible for this state of things? Stuelr the Jinn. D. O'Connor, the Postraaster- Gcueral, or Mr. Harris, Mayor of Sydney, or Mr. Fosbery, Inspector-General of Police, must be aware licit this fruit-stall business is not a credit to Post-office-place, and should not be tolerated for an hodr longer. Will either or all of them kindly. remedy this?" A seaman named John Driscoll. belonging to the ship AUcrton, was out boating in the harbor' with three- others yesterday when a ferry steamer Rtrnck the craft iu which they seated and capsized it. DricoUtwas in the water for npwnrds of 10 minutC3 before he was rescued, lie was taken to the Sydney Hospital, where ho wa« found to ho suffering from the oifects of immersion. Whib' .a young man named Tercy Vindof was searching for an escape of gas at the Exhi bition Hotel yesterday au explosion took place, and ho was severely burned about the face and nnns. His injuries wore attended to at the Sydney Hospital. The election of the first Mayor of Dundas took place Yesterday afternoon at tho Rydal- mero Hail. Rydalmere. Mr. W. H. Monckton, the returning-officer, presided, and there was a f nil council present. On tho motion of Alder man Frauks, Alderman James Fullford was elected mayor unanimously. At tho invitation of tho Mayor, thore present adjourned and drank "Success to the New Borough." Tho Anglo- Australian collection of pictures Is to he re-hung to day, and iu consequence of the work of re-arrangement the gallery will not open nntil 1 o'clock to- day. To-morrow and Saturday tho society nuuounee tho reduc tion of adinisriou fee to Gd. 