HOW TYPHOID SPREADS. Of late we have heard a great deal of Melbourne as the champion unhealthy city In Australia and as the fertile mother of typhoid. Sydney now challenges her title In these respects, and a lately published report on an outbreak of typhoid fever In ihe Municipalities of Newtown and Mscdonaldtown would Beem to justify the challenge. The case on whloh this report is based is a very melanoholy one. A man named William Jones left Camper down last April for Broken Hill, and his wife and five children, all in good health, moved to a three-roomed house in Gowrie - street, Newtown. In Novem ber Jones returning from Broken Bill stayed a few days in Melbourne, where he is said to have fallen out of health. Later he rejoined his wife, and in ten days attended hospital as an out [ patient; subsequently he was admitted to the hospital and died of typhoid fever on December 18. Bis wife fell ill of the same disease on November 20; she also was admitted to the hospital, where happily she recovered. Two of the children also were attacked, and In both cases death was the result. Within a period of some aix weeks three ont of a family of seven died of typhoid, a fourth recovered in hospital, and the immunity of the remaining three is probably due to their removal from the house. The examination of the house and its surroundings, which was made by Dr. ABhbnrton Thompson and Mr. G. H. Stayton, a civil engineer connected with the Sewerage Branoh of the Public Works Department, and the result of which is recorded in the report before us, Bhows clearly enongh 'the cause of these deaths. The terrace in which the home stands with six similar buildings is built upon the site of old clay pits, filled in with earth and garbage. Under the particular house in which the Jones family lived-if one may use the word either there never had been earth at all or it had been taken out again, leaving thus a luge cavity, undrained, imperfeotly ventilated, containing always stinking water and mud, and only separated from the three rooms oy the ordinary joists and flooring-boards. The drainage from all the houses in the terrace is carried away by a eix-inch pipe-drain, which discharges into a lane at the baok. The sinking of trial holes near the cesspit showed thorough aoakage of sewage, and the yard gullies the pipes of which are absolutely untrapped and are jointed with clay - discharged after a two hours' flushing filthy and noxious waters. Surface water concentrates in the neighbourhood, rising sometimes to eighteen inches, and sometimes being knee-deep. As a consequence of this state of affairs-which is not peculiar to Gowrie-street, but exists to a greater or less extent throughout the two munici palities named above-the public health is seriously affected, and typhoid fever carries off numerous victims. ' It is not surprising to learn from a report recently issued by the Sydney Board of Health that, whilst the death rate in the city from typhoid and other infectious fevers is at the rate of 4*38 per 10,000 of the population, it is no less than 12*44 in the west-central suburbs, that is to say, Newtown, St. Peters, Camperdown, and Macdonaldtown. The report should make the citizens of Adelaide better pleased than ever with the sewerage system, which has done BO much to minimize typhoid here. But, besides giving the details of a case which could not be paralleled in this city under present conditions, the document is mainly interesting because it gives a masterly description of the' cause of typhoid and the means by which it is disseminated. As no less than 177 cases of typhoid were treated at the Adelaide Hoapital last year, of which fifteen proved fatal, and as healthy persons travelling in trains are still exposed to the risk of infeotion from diseased companions, it is evident that information on the subject, unpleasant as it may be, is still required. The essential cause of typhoid, reports Dr. Thompson, is " an exceedingly minute organism, which can live and reproduce iteelf within the bndy, but which can also live and reproduce itself under favourable clroumstanoes out side the body." It has been examined by experts in several parts of the world, " and also in Sydney," as Dr. Thompson naively adds. Typhoid then has but one cause, and the organism is cast off from the be<?y which it infeots with the excretions from the bowels. It enters into another body, and is either conquered by the stronger constitution of this body, or, aided by impure air, it increases and multiplies until the constitution is broken down and the patient dies. As an in stance of the feoundity and power of the organisms, Dr. Thompson-we presume that he is responsible for the. medical part of the report, which, however, la signed by his colleague as well-oites the well-known case which occurred at Cater ham, England. Here " a quantity of excreta from » man suffering typhdd. which could scarcely have exceeded twelve ounces, was accidentally mixed with about 1,800,900 gallons of water in the well from which the town supply was drawn, «nd, being distributed among a large popu lation during about a fortnight, 324 cases of typhoid were caused." This case brings as to the next point. Granted that typhoid is caused by this one organism alone, and that infection can only take place by Its entrance from diseased human excreta into the human body, how is this entrance effected) _ Of course such entranoe would be impossible If the abode of the organism was destroyed; but in Sydney, at least, it cannot be, or is not, destroyed, being instead cast into cesspits, or sewers, or moist ground, where it multiplies and helps in cauBlng the impure air, which is its most important auxiliary. This auxiliary, however, ia not, as we have seen, the prime oause of typhoid, which muBt fint obtain an entrance into the body. How? Either by food - as in the Oater ham case - or through water, or air. " Excepting milk, food can be come thus polluted only by the grossest carelessness and uncleanllnesB," says Dr. Thompson, who then proceeds to describe the mode of communication through aic and water. "Air and water are everywhere; they are above the earth, where they are seen and felt by all; but they are also beneath or la the earth." This is just what we do not always remember, though it explains how it is that wells which are near cesspits produce infection, as in the recent cisea sear Unley. The earth has its interaticss, down to a varying depth, filled with air; when the dry gronnd has been paised its interstices are filled with water. This "ground-air" and "gronnd-water" are, like the air and water whioh' we feel and see, con stantly moving, taking up^ to the surface the organisms whioh exist below, and passing them on underneath the surface in the same way that winds and streams carry objects along in their coarses. The orga nisms then thrown off by such foundations as those of Gowrie-street, composed of "rags, asheB, vegetable fibre matting, cinders, broken glass, tins, and the usual contents of dustbins," would be the organisms that are generated of putrefying matter. Opinions differ as to thechannel through which the typhoid organism entere the body, and Dr. Thompson very sensibly remarks that it is not very important whether this channel is the lungs or the stomach. It certainly does get again, which is enough for all practical purposes, out of the earth. " Foul water when it is cast out sinks into the earth; foul solids are washed inta it by rain; or filth, which is perhaps carefully buried in order that its more obvious offensiveness may be got rid of, remains there slowly putrefying with the assistance of the ground - air and ground - water, rendering them poisonous. And when on earth thus defiled houses are built, the heat of the houses sucks np the air and aqueous vapour and their inhabitants fall out of health or actually ill, and similar results follow when water is taken from wells or Imperfectly constructed water tanks sunk so as to tap the under-stream of befouled ground water." It is perhapB true that houses are not built on such foundations in this colony, but it is certainly true that we are still too careless in the disposition of garbage and filth. This remark does not apply especially to the city, but constantly cases are occurring which show that some of our country townships are not much more careful about the fundamental laws of health than the mediaeval towns were. The report then is not merely of loeal interest, though it deals largely with a state of things which has no parallel in Adelaide. If only on the score of the plainly worded dissertation on the meanB by which typhoid spreads, the paper repays study. For the particular purpose which it was Intended to serve it 1B an admirable production, and we are glad to see that Its revelations will help forward the cause of the extended drain age system in Sydney, on which the Go veramenthave already spent £900,000. A drainage system where it is possible with compulsory connection is the most efficient public means that can be taken to modify, if not to banish, typhoid. Common Bense and ordinary cleanliness will suggest the best means that can be taken by private Individuals. THE present is a very anxious time for those interested in copper. The affairs of the combination whioh for some months past has been keeping up the price of copper have become so involved that not only has the combination ceased to regulate rates, but the condition of the market is worse than it was before its operations began. This is not at all to be wondered at. The action of the Syndicate in raising prices has abnormally stimulated production and dis couraged consumption, andtheconsequence ie that stocks have accumulated to an unprecedented extent. Whether the diffi culties of the Syndicate will prove to be permanent or only temporary remalna to be seen, but the prospects In this direction are not cheering. The business of the Socl6t<S dea M6taux is admittedly bound np largely with that of the Oomptoir d Escompte, and it has beoome only too evident that the resources of the latter Institution are not equal to the strain that has thus been brought to bear upon them. The Bank has passed through a terrible crisis during the last few days, and it 1b yet un certain whether it will weather the storm. The Bank of France has oome to the rescue in a handsome manner, advancing money to tide It over its troubles if possible, and aiding with a contribution of twenty million francs, supplementary of a like contribution from the public^ to set it on its legs again. That the efforts thus made to prevent its collapse will have the desired effect must be tike ardent hope not only of those concerned in copper production, but of all who realize how terrible a disaster the failure of the Bank would prove to thousands of persons of limited means who have invested in itB shares. The resuscitation of the Oomptoir d'Bscompte will not necessarily mean the revival of the Soci£t4 dea Mdtaux; indeed, it la significant that at the very time when the Bank of France and various French capitalists had come to the rescue of the former Institution: the London agents of the latter found themselves unable to meet their pressing engagements. It is their default which is answerable for the panio in the copper market which has tem porarily depressed prices below the lowest rates of the dull times preceding the appearanoe of the Paris Syndicate upon the scene. Of course depression cannot last, but it is hopeless to look for an early return to the prices of a month ago. Even should preeent financial troubles be tided over and the SocldW renew itarelatlonB with the principal copper mine proprietors of the world a material reduction in price musfbe' submitted to for months to come. Never having felt the slightest confidence in the permanency of the ratsa established through the interposition of the Syndicate we do not now look forward with any great hopefulness to the future operations of that body. It miy, if it is content with a moderate role, do a good work in steadying the market and protecting producers to some extent againBt the artful devices of purchasers to keep rates lower than the legitimate demand for copper warrants, but any attempt to do more than this must fail. What the producer lias to depend upon to maintain prioes is the extension of the consumption of copper through the discovery of new UBes to which to apply it, and there is little chance of effecting this if rates throngh the action of combinations are kept abnormally high. Of coarse the effects of the scare which is now influencing the market will quickly pass away, and we [ may expect copper before long to advance to £60 or £60 per ton. GHOSTS, like ancient Gaul, are divided into three parts. There is, first, your ghost proper. He 1B the most popular and best known of all. He comes to harrow your feelings and make your hair stand on end at the feBtlve season of Christmas. He sits by the bedside of your children, and makeB them dream dreams and see visions. He drags chains or corpses through country houses, and is, generally speaking, objectionable though popular. Nowadays he has taken to rappings, and he will make your mahogany waltz round or rise to the roof. The world could pull along fairly well with out him. Then there is your theatrioal ghost, much beloved of actors. When he walks times are good and treasury is solvent. This particular ghost clanks no chains, but chinks money. He is a highly esteemed personage, and the only prayer of grateful actors Is: may his shadow never grow less. Lastly there is the Henniker Heaton Ghost. He is literary or nothing. He has got more Information at his finger-tips than that redoubtable warrior Major - General Stanley. He knows more about the Post- office, about penny postage, about ocean maUs and other things than Sir Rowland Hill, Anthony Trollope, Edmund Yates, Mr. Kaikes, Mr. Blackwood, and Mr, Charles Todd put together. His name is Robert Dennis. When the poet Crabbe went np to London be was surprised to see how popular he was. Said he to James Smith -"In my own village they think nothing of me." It is wonderful how history repeats ItBelf. When Mr. Henniker Heaton went «p to the House of Commons for Canterbury he might have said in his maiden speech - '"This bangs Banagher; ever in Australia I was not considered a particularly brilliant person, but here I : am, Mr. Speaker, returned for the cradle of Angticari- Christianity ! In the words 1 oftheimmor tal Slhakspeare, who, like me, was an Englishman, 'They don't take any stock of prophets in their own country.'" He might have aaid this, but pro bably he did not. Then he set to work to make a name for himself. He saw a chance in the Post - Office why should not he make himself m famous as Rowland Hill 1 Rowland Hill always called himself by two names: so does Henniker Heaton. Rowland Hill used to be connected with the colonies; so used Henniker Heaton. Rowland Hill took a deep Interest in philanthropic movements; Henniker Heaton represents a Cathedral City. All these coincidences pointed to one conclusion- Post-office reform and a Knighthood. But how? Ignorance Is the mother of invention, and the pay master of knowledge. If he, Henniker Heaton, knew nothing about the Poat office, why there were lots of poor fellows who knew everything about It, and would be glad of a billet. One suoh was Robert Dennis-though we are not sure that he was ever a poor man, and now he is £400 richer - thanks to Mr. Henniker Heaton. This good geniuB has showered distinctions on Robert Dennis. He has procured for his writings places In the National Review and In the Times; he has even laid one of his papers before that distinguished as-1 eemblage, the Colonial Conference of 1887. To give further dignity to these writings, he has allowed them to appear above his own signature. And-alas for the de pravity of human nature!-his " ghost" has acted a scurvy part. With base in gratitude he has compelled the " member for Australia" to pay £400 and costs. This Is the "Narrative of the Mad ness of Robert Dennis," who must from his cruelty be a descendant of the minister of the law In Barnaby Rudge. What will come next ? Will Mr Henniker Heaton let the Post-office rest, or is he already provided with another "ghost?" Readers of the proceedings of the Colonial Conference will remember the two appear ances of Mr. Heaton before that body. At the first he seemed not to know any thing. When he was questioned by Sir John Downer and other delegates he contradicted himself again and again; he had forgotten this, he was not sure about j that. He prayed the Conference to give Mm "a little time," he would send in a paper on the Bubject, he would look up facts. So they gave him time and he went away happy, for had he not Dennis, the omniscient, as his " ghost ?" Tn due time came In the document, which bristled with facts and arguments, and Mr. Henniker Heaton came In smiling, chock full of information like a schoolboy's satchel. He scored another triumph, and everything would be all right now if he had only followed Kant's advice, "Tex not his ghost" should be the motto on Mr. Heuniker Heatoa'aooat of arms when he blossoms iut<> a Peer of the realm. Meanwhile he is id a pretty mess. Bat we fancy that be does not care much. Ghosts may come and ghosts may go, bat Mr. Henniker He&ton-to; borrow an image from Lord Chatham will "stand before the world, like our first parents, naked bat not ashamed." THE anti-Chinese agitation has so com pletely died oat that few remember the exact position of the matter at the present time. last session tbe South Australian Parliament passed the Con ference Bill with some modifications in detail. There is a clause which makes it an offence for a Chinaman to enter the colony overland without a permit, but the clause is dormant until brought into operation by a proclamation by the Governor in Council. At the present moment Chinese can enter South Australia by land without let or hindrance. The Act will, however, cease to be in operation on the first day of next year unlesB New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland have in the meantime passed similar Aots. Thus far, we believe, Queensland is the only colony that has complied with this condi tion. Mr. Way Lee has been in com munication with the Chinese Ambassa dor in London on the question of the restrictions imposed upon Chinese. The two things specially com plained of, as will be seen from the portions of the correspondence published elsewhere, are the poll tax and the Border restrictions. So far as this colony is con cerned both these restraints have been re moved. There is no poll tax, and Chinamen are free to enter South Australia overland, though that freedom can be temporarily suspended if it should be deemed neces sary to do so. Mr. Way Lee Is anxlons that there should be similar legislation in the other colonies, and the deBire is reasonable. If this is to be accomplished there is no time to be loBt. It would be very unfortunate to have the Chinese agitation revived, and it certainly will be unless effect is given to the recommendations of the Sydney Conference. Ab the Soath Australian Government have hitherto taken a leading part in the discussion, we trust they will not let the matter rest until New Soath Wales and Victoria have fulfilled their part of the com pact. It is to be hoped, also, that the Queensland legislation will be brought into harmony with the South Australian, for it is absurd that legisla tion which is intended to bs of a federal character should sanction, except on an emergency, restrictions being placed upon the passage of Chinese from one colony to another. FBOH the report of the proceedings of the Central Board of Health it is evident that typhoid fever has not yet become so rare in Soath Australia as it should be. From Koolunga, Redhlll, Hoyleton, and Rowland's Flat come statements that oases of this disease have occnrredin these places. One patient died last week at the Eapunda Hospital, and six patients were admitted to the Adelaide Hospital. Broken Hill and Silverton suppliedslx of these patients, including the one who died, and BO far Dr. Whlttell is justified in saying that " typhoid would now be a comparatively rare disease in Soath Australia if the Imported cases could be kept at a distance." But how does he account for the outbreaks in the country districts named? So far as two of them are concerned it appears that several cases had occurred last year. Were proper enquiries held into them, or, if reported to the Local Boards of Health having jurisdiction in Redhill and Hoyleton, what action was taken ? It is possible that here also Broken Hill Is to be blamed; bat is there not a danger lest, in our anxiety to prove onr Immunity from local typhoid, we should content ourselves with anathema tizing Broken Hill, and quietly allowing centres of infeotion to increase and multiply ? It is so easy to say that we import typhoid, and it 1b bo hard to banish entirely the uncleanly conditions of life which favour its spread. We are glad to notice that there Is at length some chance of a reform in the matter of the carriage of typhoid patients by rail. We nave frequently pointed out the dangers of the present slipshod arrangement whioh allows of diseased persons travelling in the same compart ment as healthy persons. This is bad for the patient himself, who cannot bat feel how unwelcome he is, and who besides is in want of the care and accommodation which every sick person needs. It ia bad for residents near the conntry stations at whioh the trains stop, and of coarse it is bad for the passengers who have to sit for hours in an atmosphere vitiated by foul air. The Commissioners of Railways now want to know whether or not typhoid is a dangerous lnfeotioua disorder within the meaning of the Act. The Central Board has given them the fullest assurance on tills point If typhoid patients are carried by rail at all -and it would be best for them and for the localities to which they are bound if they were not-they should be strictly isolated. This involves an affir mative reply to another question of the Commissioners as to whether they should refuse to cany siok persons on branch lines having only one passenger carriage at tached to the trains. The Commissioners should have properly fitted ambulance carriages for patients who desire to travel, and at least they can no longer plead igno rance as an excuse for importing typhoid nto the colony. IN October a deputation waited upon the Premier tu ask mat uttps might be taken to preBerve (he natural tlura and {nana oi the colony from absolute «ximctioii. The movement originated. we believe, with the Field Naturalists' {Society, and a com mittee was appointed to further the objects which the deputation brought before the Treasurer. Among the proposals was an amendment of the lairs relating to native game. There are commercial aB well as scientific reasons why the reckless destruction of the fauna of the colony should be prevented. We publish else where a letter addressed to the oommittee by one of the largest tanners in the United States with reference to the desired prohibition of the sale of kangaroo skins under one pound in weight. The gentleman in question indicates the nature of the regulations needed to ensure the right sort of skins being sent to market, and to prevent the total destruc tion of the kangaroo. As America is directly and indirectly the largest purchaser of Australian kangaroo-skins, the opinion of an American expert should have weight with those who are engaged collecting them. There seems to be no doubt that if legislation were passed prohibiting the sale of skins under a specified weight, and not otherwise complying with the conditions named, the Amerio&n; tanners would for their own defence aid the observance of the law by refusing to take skins that did not comply with its requirements. Another point is mentioned by Mr. Solomon which kangaroo- hunters should bear in mind. Do kangaroo should be killed for the fikin between January 1 and May 1, because 80 per cent of the hides obtained during these four months are ruined, being sunburnt while drying. The letters from Mr. Solomon have been for warded to theOommisaioner of Gro wnLands and to the Field Naturalists' Associations in the other oolonies, and as the result of their efforts we truBt that the twofold object aimed at will be secured; that is, that a profitable industry may be main tained, and one of our most distinctive fauna be preserved from extinction. 