INDUCTION AT EPPINO The Presbytery of Launceston met in the ehuroh at Sipping on 1st instant at 2 p.m. Af te» the Presbytery had been con stituted in the vestry and formal business; transacted, the clerk of Presbytery went: into the church and called for objections to the life and doctrine of the Bev. D. A. Macdougal. Wo objections being offered the service in the church was opened by the Rev. E. C. Tennont giving out the one- ] hundredth Psalm, reading a Now Testa- ! ment lesson, and prayer. Thereafter he preached an appropriate sermon from Acts ' 20th chapter and 38th verse, ' Take heed unto yourselves, and to tho flock in the which the Holy Ghost hath made you bishops, to feed the Church of God, which He! purchased with His blood.' From these words an able sermon was de livered on the important office described— ' bishops over the.fiock' — and the duties to- be disaharged^by such — 'feed. the flock.'* Bishop in Now Testament times was only applied to pastors of congregations, but had no diocesan, significance. The Eev. J. Russell then ascended the pulpit, and, after relating the steps which had led up to the installation of the Rer. Mr. Macdotigall, put the usual questions to the pastsr elect and the people. Satisfac tory answers being given, he offered up the) induction prayer, declared Mr. Macdougall duly inducted into the pastoral charge of Kirklands and Epping, and the Pres bytery gave him tho right hand of fellowship, ' to take part in thi» ministry.' Thereafter Mr. Bussell delivered an address to the pastor on the important ' duties he would have to dis charge in his new sphere of labour. The Rev. J. Lyle delivered a practical address to the people en their duty t» encourage their minister by regular atten dance on his ministry/by prayer, giving1 o£ their means to support, and helping i* every possible manner to make Church work easy, efficient, and spiritual. After prayer and praiso he pronounced tha benediction. At the close of the service the peopla gave the now pastor the right hand of welcome in retiring from church. The Presbytery retired to the vestry to transact formal business; when the Rev. J. Ruesell and Mr. John Taylor, of Winto», were appointed to represent the Presbytery of LaunceBton at thej Federal' Assembly to be held in Hobart on the third Wednesday of January, 1890. The Prosbytery then, adjourn jd to meet in Launceston on the first Tuesday in January. Notwithstanding the boisterous weather the Epping congregation was well repre sented, and several leading members of the) Kirklands congregation travelled over 12 miles to be present at the induction. The members of Presbytery wore hospitably entertained to dinner by the hon. Jamest Gibson, M.L.C., of Belle Vue; Though ' the usual formalities of a tea meeting were dispensed with, at the close of the service) tea was provided for those . who had travelled a distance. Mr. Macdougall, who is a son of the Manse, and has been minister of St. ?eorge's, Geelong, for the last seven yeanr, is in the prime of life. Though he has had to leave one ef the best provincial congre gations in 'Victoria on aecouat of Mrs. Macdougall's health, he will be a great acquisition to the Presbyterian Church ef Tasmania, and we augur for him a career of great usefulness in the important ?ouitrj ckargt of KirUancU aaii Bjpb&* 