Horv tJip lig'er Kills and Eats, In a paper renil baforo the Jiombnv Natural History Society recently, and pah- Jislied in its journal, Mr. Itireiarity,a noted shikari, discussed the liabits of ? the tiger, nnd especially the mode in which it killsv aud eats its prey. . Some think he seizes by tbe throat others by the nape of the ; neck from above. ';?';: Mr. Invararity has examinsd scores of" slain animals with special reference to this point, and in every case but one the throat was seized from below. Tbe exception was nn old boar wbo bad been seizsd. by .the back of tbe neck from above. One.of a single file of villagers who was once seized by tho nape of the neck by a man eater, but saved by his companions, had no idea when be recovered his senses what bad happened. Whether dislocation of tbe.neck takes place is doubtful. The tame bunting leopards always kill by pressure on the windpipe, without break ing tbe Bkin ; possibly tbe tiger kills in tbo same way. It is only by accident, if nt all, that tigers in killing sever an important vein or artery, and no blood to epeak of flows from the throatVounds, Very largo and powerful animals like tho bull, buffalo : and bison, if attacked at all, are in tbe first instance attacked from tbo rear, with a view to disable tbem. Having killed, tbe tiger almost invariably begins uatiug a hind quarter, consuming '.. one or probably botb. Sometimes be leaves the stomach and intestines as tbey are; Bometimes ho will remove tbem to 'One side, making a neat parcel of tbem. A tiger and a tigress together will finish an ordinary sized animal at one meal, leaving only the bead. In this caso it is probable that the . second begins at the fore quarter. Animals are never eaten where tbey are killed, but are always dragged a short distance. They are not lifted clear of the ground, but dragged. HaviDg gorged himself,tbe tiger sometimes lies close by his prey, but if it is hot weather and there are hills in the neighbourhood, be. will go a long distance off before resting for the day. He prefers to lie in a cool cave or in a breeze on tbe hill side than in the close Hot junglo. He returns next night and finishes what is left, but he never eats a second time on the Bamo spot, dragging tbe remains of tbe prey 40 or 60 yards off. . Sportsmen coming on a half-devoured animal and desiring to -.' catch the tiger, tie tho prey to a tree. . The tiger takes about two hours'steady eating to finish the fore quarters of a bullock, Mr. Inverarity sat over a small tigress one nigbt who ate for ten minutes, then went away for twenty, probably to drink, and on her return ate steadily for two and a quarter hours. He did not fire, as be could not see her. Tigers are cannibals; they will make their meals off each other. Tbey are supposed to kill ouco iv five or six days, and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed does not care to bunt much for a few days; but a tiger kills whenever be can. They have been known to kill on 14 consecutive nights. Inverarity believes that animals billed by tigers suffer little beyond the panic of a few seconds. The shock produces a stupor and dreaminess in which there is no sense of pain .'of feeling of terror. The powerful stroke of the fore paw of the tiger is' a fiction ; he clutches with bis claws as one might with the fingers, but doea not strike a blow. Tigers wandor immense distances at nigbt, and, as they like easy going, they go on roads and paths. They do uot like to move dur ing the baet of the day, as the hot ground burns their pad? and makes tbem raw. They can on occasion climb trees. In Salsetts one climbod after a certain Paudoo, but could not reach him, and re tirud. Fandoo, thinking the coast clear, got down and ran toward borne, but on tho way was caught by the tiger aud killed. The inquest report stated that Fandoo died of tbo tiger eating bim ; thero was no other cause ot death. Nothing was left except souw fingers, which probably be longed to the right or left hand." Nativei havo a belief that the ghosts of the man eater's viatims ride in bis head and warn bim of danger, or point the way tofresb victims. 