In speaking of the defeat of Sir ?Enry's Ministry, the 'Forbes Tunes' says —'The}' Hosted into power on a hu«e wave of false pretensions, which they have never since made pretence j of carrying out. Their term of office has been marked by shams and frauds, nolitical of course, from beginning to ending. They have at all times winced under honest cniicism, and only retained possession of their seats because of their vulturous following, whose very lives depended upon any political garbage that might be picked „„ Whatever Ministry may succeed them everywhere the sentiment is ex piessed: 'They cannot be worse, and there is some chance of their being better,' while throughout the country, north, south, and west, the invoSuntary ejaculation goes forth :— ' From Sir Henry Parfces and his crew of impecu nious, ravenous, conscienceless satel lites—Good Lord .deliver us for ever and ever, Amen-' ' The following Is from the 'Gundajai Times '— ' A somewhat startling snake varn has come to hand from Mr G. Mair. of Bamus, His brother Alick, v path of 17 years, was anxious to look at the bottom of a shaft, sunk by his brother Hay for prospecting pur ivjses, and went down a rope hand over-hand. At the bottom he stepped on a piece of brown paper, and in doing so disturbed a black snake. Young Alick made a hasty retreat up tbc rope, and before long the snake followed him, twisting its body round and round. As soon as the snake reached the top' of the shaft he was killed, and was found to measure four feet six inchss.' Another curious ? resurrection case' has enlivened the inhabitants of Yatse, near Lyons. A few weeks ago a well to-do inhabitant of the town fell into a trance and was officially certified as dead as a door-nail. Preparations were made for the funeral, when, on the night before that mournful event was toiake place, the supposed dead man sat up in his coffin and called for a drink. The person who was watchina beside the reput«d corpse was alarmed and ran away, so the rather substantial ghost got out of his coffin, imbibed the contents of a bottle ot wine which was on a table, divested himself of his grave clothes, donned his own. and then woke up the members of his family. Next day, araid great revelry and rejoicing, the local Lazarus went to the mayor's office and reported himself .alive and kicking. The following written statement was left by a constible who committed sui cide rc;[-nt!y in New Zealand :--Things I Did Not Do. Halceta, ICth Decem ber, 1SSS. E never robbed Robert Moor Bell. I never stabbed Thomas Moore. I never cut Asher's hose. I never cut Haggertie's nets. Moore, be vond all doubt, stabbed himself, I never robbed any man thit I am aware of. I never struck or beat any many but two men. I hare been persecuted by the police for 14 years. I regret I did not fake Mr Tliimson's advice, and leave five years ago. I have no ill feeling against any man in the police. I understand all the police are em ployed looking roe up. I am mad ; have been fur 20 since I was in Queensland. — R. Moeokey. As there are generally more ways than one in doing a thing, so there is room for plenty of variety in announc ing an event in print, as the following paragraph from the ' Gulgong Adver tiser' will show : — ' Is Marriage a Failure?— Last week a giddy couple resolved to practically test Mrs Mona Caird's arguments as to the above, and were accordingly made one by the Rev. W. H. Meek. The blushing bride has witnessed no less than 50 summers, whilst the bridegroom in ten years more will have reached the aliotted span. Formerly the bride groom was a chemist in this town, but of late years has been tending the flocks in the capacity of a shepherd on Mero therie station.'1 