NEW ANGLICAN CHURCH AT IXVERLEIGH. An interesting event, which has been looked forward to for corns time by the members of the Church of England at Inver leigh, came off yesterday, when the found ation stone of the new Anglican church at that township was laid by Mrs Moriarty. It is now 30 years since the building was erected which, until recently, fulfilled the wants of the congregation, and it was recog nised that the erection of a new and more commodious structure was an urgent neces sity. The matter was taken up by the Rev. A. Maxwell, and shortly after taking charge of the mission, and with the co-operation Mrs Moriarty, who evinced a warm interest in connection with the undertaking, definite steps were taken to have the project carried into effect. A committee consisting of the Rev. A. Maxwell (chairman), and Messrs C. H. Martell (secretary), J. Peel, W. Peel, and Haygarth, was formed, and authorised to make the necessary arrangements. Plans for the new structure were submitted by Mr A. G. Clarke, architect, of Nicholson's Chambers, Melbourne, and the design for a Gothic edifice approved of. The work was commenced as soon as possible, the site selected for the new church being a large block fronting the main thoroughfare, and adjoining the parsonage. The foundations are of concrete, and the superstructure will be built of bluestone with cement facings. A belfry of neat design, with tinterwork portico, is included in the front elevation, and two vestries for the accommodation of the choir, and the clergy, will be erected at the rear of the main buildings. The church itself, exclusive of the vestries, will bs 50 feet x 25 feet, and will comfortably seat 250 persons. From these facts it will be seen that the church will be a compact and durable structure. The cost is esti mated at £900, and the greater part of the labor necessary will be found in the district. It was decided that the foundation stone should be laid yesterday, and the weather fortunately proved of a favorable character. The attendance of the congregation and their friends was large, and amongst the visitors present were the Revs. Canon Good man, H. B. Macartney (junr), J. Cameron, and Mr Ward, reader; The proceedings commenced with the recitation by the Rev. Canon Goodman of the usual prayers set apart for such occasions, after which the Rev. A. Maxwell, presenting Mrs Moriarty with a handsome silver trowel, addressed that lady and those present to the following effect :-" My duty is a very delightful one. This to me is a glad day. When coming to the charge of Inverleigh last January the much venerated and beloved Dean of Mel bourne cheered me greatly, telling me that Inverleigh much needed a new church. The rapid progress we have made to that end has exceeded my fondest hope. But it is only right for me to remind you that there is one among you who is worthy of your deep and everlasting gratitnde. In the providence of God it was you, madam, that brought me to Inverleigh. It was you who prayed for the church when in distress when the flock were as sheep, having no shepherd. It was you who encouraged me, when I came, to write to our missioner who has so gladdened our hearts and strengthened the bulwarks of the church by the blessed ten days mission in the Leigh. It was you who cheered me on through all difficulties when I promised to build a new church here. It was you who was ready to give your gold for this great purpose. Like England's Gracious Queen you are worthy of the grandest of all titles-:fidei defensor-for you have ever been first and foremost in every good word and work in Inverleigh. It seems, therefore, meet and fitting that you should receive the trowel and lay the stone. Therefore, in the name of the Church of England of the Leigh, I present you with it, and invite you to lay this foundation stone, adding only my earnest prayer that you may live long amongst us, and have the holy joy of seeing an abundant harvest where you have sown so much good seed to the praise of God through Jesus Christ our Lord." The stone having been placed in position, Mrs Mariarty took the trowel and declared the foundation stone of St. Paul's church well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Rev. H. B. Macarteney addressed those present on the associations which formed round a church. It was there that hands and hearts would be united in a life - long bond, where their chil- dren would be brought up in the know- ledge of God, and where they would gather together to sound the praises of God, in the church also they would receive words of consolation and comfort when crief and sorrow oppressed them, and when they mourned the loss of a friend taken from their midst. Though Christ had his temple in every lowly and faithful follower, it was in the church, in the house of prayer, they heard His sacred word expounded to them. The preacher concluded with an exhortation to his hearers to work in unison with their pastor, so that his mission amongst them would be successful. The offerings placed on the stone amounted to £60, and after the hymn, " The Church has one foundation," had been rendered, the proceedings ter- minated with the Benediction. 