SAMOAN SKETCHES. BY "THE 'VAGABOND." SOME IN SAMOA. APIA, 1st September. Kgrie Eleisont Chriati Eleison/" the voices ring'out loud anil joyously. There might, per haps, be higher class music; than that afforded by the old harmonium. But the chant Is one of praiso and of prayer, of hope and of joy. Ora pro nobis 1 There is worship as well as musio in the swelling chorus. It is just a year since I last heard these strains in a Bel- gian church. It is a fair cry from Spa to Samoa, and the surroundings are very different. But the service is the same. Romo. never altera its ritual. All over the world on this the Feast of the Assumption the same prayers and praise are being offered np in the snmo Monkish Latin. But nowhere can the entourage be stranger or more striking than here in the church of St. Michnel at Matafole, on the beach of the Bay of Apia. Outwardly this is not at all an imposing edifice, although it possesses a spire and a real clock, which has, however, long since stopped. From the sea tho spire iB a prominent landmark, being such in comparison with the low one-storied houses which form the majority of the residences of the settlement. I t is an old building, the walls of concrete, made of coral, lime and sand, with rusty iron roofing and glass windows. The rains of many a season hove stained this whito edifice, and it has gener ally a neglected look, .such as one seldom finds in a Roman Catholic Church. The surroundings arc very peaceful. A high coral wall separates the church grounds from the beach road. Once inside thiB enclosure, you scorn in a different world. "Tiger Bay," with its German drinking places, the haunt of Mary Magdalene and tho Siva Dancers, is close at hand, but no trace of their presence haunts tho precincts of Holy Church. Mary is both Protestant and Catholic. When she comes to St. Michael's she is a true penitent, for a time, and is not outwardly distinguishable from her fellows. To the left is the small one-storied weatherboard building wlicro tho Marist Fathers and the bishop live. But the latter, who is a bishop in partibus infidclium, and who does not rank ns a temporal poor of Borne, is away cruis ing in the islands. These Catholic missionaries wurk hard. I am going to say unkind things of them, but above all I wish to bo just. They live much harder lives than their Protestant con freres. They do more work, and they show better results. If the best horse in Samoa is ridden by a Marist Father it is necessary to him in visiting die outlying mission stations. The priests do not first build fino houses for their own accommodation, like the Protestant parsons, oefore erecting - churches. If there is a fat turkey in the market you will not find that is going to the priests, hut to tho Protestant mission, nnd in works of chnrity tho Catholic is ever forward. During the scarcity of food fifties nnd hundreds of children have been fed with rice nnd rice soup from the convent, whilst the pastors of the London Mis sionary Society have been strenuously denying that there 1ms been any distress. During the wnr, when a hospital wns established in the grounds of the British Consulate, tlie priests as welt as the Sisters of Mercy were foremost in attending the wounded, worthily assisting' the efforts of Mrs. de Coetlogon, the consul's wife. There were no English missionaries assisting at this work, although Mr. Clarke gave a very handsome donation to the expenses of the hospital. ' But it .wns the personal influence and attention of tho followers of Rome which had great effect upon the natives. Tho patient in the Melbourne Hospital is grateful to his. kind- nurse, but lias a very weakened senti ment . towards the subscribers who maintain that institution. Wounded Marmion thanked Clare, who brought him tho water, and cared little for "the kind soul of Sybil Grey." Romo knows that tho exercise of personal charity will always command .respect from outsiders. I have passed my life between praising the charit able institutions of tho Roman Church nnd attacking its political ambition and the religious bigotry of many of its followers. "New Presbyter is often b\it old priest writ Inrge," and any religious denomination with the power of Romo wonld be as bigoted and as dangerous to social liberty as Rome. That has been evidenced in Seotlnnd and is evidenced in Melbourne. When I write about Tonga I shall have to deal with Protestant bigotry and oppression there. Romo is now dangerous iu Samoa because its agents are all hound togother, and know what they want, and that is to be ever on the winning side. The Catholic authorities hero as well as the Protestant were lately distinctly "on the fence" in things political. King Malietoa was no convert of theirs, but a fervent Fiotestnnt, so the priests could scarcely- be sup posed to . object to bis deportation by . the Germans. Like tbo Protestant pastors they acquiesced- in the German rule through tho traitor - Tamasese, They even assisted it by- leading their printing prc89 to Hcrr Brandcis to issue "Government" proclamations, whilst the Samoa Times was muzzled by German threats. But when Mataafa became the genius of the Liberty of Samoa tbo priests immediately turned round 'and adopted bis party, and made much of him, "coming the coun tryman " here as in Ireland. I remember 20 years ago General Ben Butler made a speech in which he said that " I am a man God made, and not the newspapers." Tito Ncto York Tri bune, criticising this, said that it "relieved the press from much responsibility, but put an enor mous one upon tho Almighty." Now, Mataafa is a man, and naturally a king of men, whom the church certainly did not make, although Romo now claims him and all his doings as its very own. And there is no doubt that, to an extent, the priests have influenced Mataafa in getting him to write an appeal through the American press for contributions' towards tho now cathedral, which is to be the pride and joy of Romo in Samoa, a monument of tho faith of the people, and of tho energy of the pioneer missionary bishops and priests. There is a chance for some good Australian Catholio to perpetuate . his name for ever by giving tho necessary sum to complete this cathedral. About £2000 would do it, and the expenditure of that sum here would bring a great deal more fame than ton times its amount in Victoria. It would beautify Apia, and perhaps causo tho Protestants to emulate tho Older Faith. In tho erection of sacred buildings tho pastors of the Reformed Religion have been modest enough. Tho Pro testant church in Apia was for years a disgrace to Protestantism, until tho other day Admiral Kimberley defrayed the C03t of renovating it and putting a fence around the lot on which it stands. Yet the missionary, who has already one good four-roomed house, is building a larger one with six rooms alongsido it, and in Exeter Hall they are grieving over the hardships endured by tho "poor mis sionary" in the Pacific. Yet tho priests of the Propaganda aro to be praised that they make no special claim to respect or sympathy for what they do in the cause of Christianity and their Church. All J this is to be counted unto them for righteous- i ness hereafter, and not on this earth. Although, I it the bishop can complete the new cathedral, it I will remain a tribute to his memory here and in I Rome. .At present this is very like a ruin. But I for the remains of tho scaffolding showing I that this is a work which 1ms been dis- f continued one would say that the new building was a very old one. Tho uneven walls are roofless, tho windows and doors open spaces, through which tho moonlight casts as picturesque shadows as at Melroso or Tintern. The blooks of stone lying about appear as if they had fallen instead of being left in readiness to hoist to their fitting places. The mango and breadfruit trees growing in the nave seem as if tliey had sprung up and matured in a ruin, and the dovecot stand ing near the place of the high altar appears a sign of man's utilitarian usage of tho things of the past. The inside of this half built cathedral Apia reminds one of many an- old ruin in Europe. Only tho bright sun and the tropical fruits bring one back to the present. Otherwise, lying in the shade watching the outlines of the window through which the afternoon sun streams upon tho jagged wall opposite, on which a pigeon wantonly plumes itself, I can imagine myself thousands of miles away in a land where Holy Church hns lost its sway, instead ot being in a new country in which Christianity has barely taken root. Tlie black- robed Brother, reading in the opposite corner, seems like a ghost of the past. One could not find a more peaceful place than this for prayer, or -meditation, or study. But the black robed Brother who courteously ex. changes a Ion jour with me, and then coils him- 1 self up again on the Boft grass,- which hero grows thickly, is not reading his offices. Nor is lie studying tho works of the Fathers of tlie Church. It is a yellow backed French novel which so engages his attention, and from whieli ho is deriving ideas of life in his native Pays, far different to what he imagined when ho was caught youug, and bccnino an entered apprentice to his present business. I daro say tMh Brother hides his book amongst the stones, coming hero to poruse it at his leisure. His long soutainc and those of his Brethren are incongruous garments in this climate, but tliey aro not bo hot as they look. The brethren only wear pyjamas underneath their soutaincs. "When tho wind blows tho upper garment on ono Bide, or some negligent Brother has not securely buttoned it, tho con trast between the regulation black garb of old Rome and the gay striped cotton attiro beneath is rather amusing. It savors of a harlequinade. " Black Protestants, " I dare say, would say that all this is but typical of the lives led by the priesthood. I oni not by . any means going to endorse sucli a statement. Priests are but men — some good, Borne better, some bad. Tho rule of their Church decrees that they shall bo immaculate. If they aro not always so, iu body as well as soul, it is bccauso they are men. (See Griffith Gaunt and L'Abbc Mouret.) The priests of Romo in Apia are just as good as they are anywhere. But they nre nlso just about as dirty. "Why amongst tho members of Roman Orders dirt Bhould be consi dered as an adjunct of godliness I could never understand. Yet it is a revolting fact. Tho Marists in Samoa should be shamed by their cleanly native congregations. That tliey are not seems to imply that it must be a matter of church discipline that tliey never wasli themselves nor clean their teeth. But if tlie black soutaincs of tlie Marists seem incongruous, tho robe3 of the Sisters of Mercy are far moro so. These good women indeed suffer by the rules of their Order in wearing such heavy garments in this climate, yet tliey always look charming, their whito caps and tippets and cuffs always being as clean as tlie gar ments of tho priests aro otherwise. Tlie Sisters keep tho Convent School, where native anil European and half caste girls aro taught, and taught English. It is very much to the credit of the authorities of Rome in Samoa that tho language which is tho recognised language of tho white people in tho South Seas should have been taught by the Frencli Brethren and Sisters. Until very recently the English Protestant missionaries would not give any instruction in our own tongue to natives or half castes. But to the credit of the Rev. Sir. Clarke, be it said, that he recog nised the fallacy of tiie old system of keeping the Samoans in ignorance of nil but their own literature of tho translated Bible nnd hymn book. Also, to the credit of Sir. Clarke, bo it sniil, that ho admits to mo that the Convent School is tho best institution in Samoa. I do not visit it, as tho priests do not welcome me any moro than tho Protestant parsons. But I know many Snmonn young ladies who have been educated at this establishment, and I sometimes incct two or three of tho Sisters when they are making their calls of charityj and I also have tlie very great plensuro of travelling by the island steamer with "Sister Mary,?' a French lady, who lias been 18 years in Samoa, devoting her life to the cause of training the young native girls. She is tho happiest, cheeriest little lady one can meet, who as a compagnonde voyage makes everything pleasant. I have been privileged for many years to have friends amongst ludies in different convents in various ports of tliti world. "Sister Mary " is another ray of religious sunshine in my life. I intend never to part with tiie coat on which she so kindly sewed the buttons. Were all Catholics like "Sister Mary " I would advise every girl to join tho Church. Yet it is entirely opposed to the fitness of things that there should be any native Same in nuns. Swathed in white caps and walking stiffly in their long robes, the brown skinned nativo girls, whom Nature made to enjoy life in the fearless old fashion, who are types of what womanhood was of old, " when tho world's heart was lighter," seem living anachronisms. Not but what they do their work well in assisting tho French Sisters to educate the native girls. One of them plays tho harmonium in the church, and plays it very well. There are nativo acolytes hero -too, hb well as native priests. The boys who swing tho censor, I daresay, are just as hardened as the youthful attendants at tho functions of Holy Church in all parts of the world, yet, altogether, the congregation seems more interested in the service on this Feast of the Assumption and to be more impressed thereby than the Protestants aro when listening to the utterances of their nativo pastors. The ritual of Rome was founded on .that of Heathendom, and is adapted to tho senses of a primitive people. . The dress of the prie'st sing ing mass is but that of the Roman Pontiff who officiated at the sacrifices to Jove. The candle3 are tho remnant of tlie Flame WorsTiipof primal humanity. One's thoughts go hack through long eras of religious creeds and tho martyrdom of man, as the boll is rung and the people bow down before "the real presence" in faith or superstition, whichever my readers like to call it. Every head is bowed with deep reverence. The nativo catechist ceases his watchful glanco at the boys nnd girls. King Mataafa and Colonel do Coetlogon aro for tlie moment on a level with tho humblest Samoan when the Host is elevated, and the priest drinks of the San Graal, tlie blood of Christ. King Mataafa and Colonel do Coetlogon ore both very attentive church goers. Tho latter maintains in full simplicity the faith of iris Breton ancestors. They are honored with seats inside the altar rails. At tho dour the men of Mataafa'a armed body guard Btand as sentries. In all the usual appointments this church is | exactly the same as a Catiiolic Church in nny part of tho world. There aro confessional boxes and fonts of holy water, nnd colored lithographed "stations of tho cross," and a few oleograpli daubs of sacred personages, the Redeemer being depicted witli a bleeding heart in tho centre of his body. There is a little cast of the Virgin adorned with paper flowers. Out side thoro is a full sized figure of the Holy mother and child, intended, I presume, for the new cathedral. Tliero is only ono memorial of interest here, and that is a little brass trophy of elegant workmanship, containing tho heart of Bishop Elloy, who died in France in 1878, after a quarter of a century's work in tho South Sens. He loved Samoa so much that lie requested that his embalmed heart should be sent hither. In time, no doubt, Bishop Elloy will bo canonised, and miracles may bo performed bofore this relic. This was the bishop who, in 'the "Wallis Islands, where Romo is Bupremc, once called Captain James T. Proctor a liar, on which the ex- Confederate soldier, although by birtli a Louisiana Catholib, promptly knocked the prelate down. Then the natives rushed the one-legged captain, took off his wooden leg and chained him to a tree, keeping him a prisoner for mnny days in this uncomfortable position. But an American manof-war calling in, tho crippled captain wns released anil tlie islanders had to pay a fino of 4000 doL for tho outrage on an American citizen. I remember this incident as I look at Bishop Elloy's memorial, and also when the bend of the Catholio mission here is forced to humbly apologise to the American vice-consul for an insulting lotter written to him. Tho .Great Republic acknowledges no church, and demands respect for its laws and representa tives from priest as well as from people. 