THE Published Every Monday and Thursday MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1889. The probable numbers for next weeook's market are-Cattlo 1920, sheep 20,000, lambs 2,000. A portion of the Clydebank morase, In the parish of Nuntiu, hap been thrown upon for slegqton in 8 blocks vaqryig from 70 to 270 acres. We would draw the attention of those interested to Mesers A. McLean and Co's advertisement, relative to the private sale of Mr. M'Kenzie's hotel, at Briagolong. hle monthly Police Escort loft Walhalla on Friday morning for Melbourne, says the " Ohronicle," convoying 2006oz of gold bheing 481o in excess of lastmoutli's returns. (in two or three occasions within the last month some larrikin has played,tlhe role of " ghost" near the old .Cricket Ground.rand frightened some young wo men. A charge of duck-shot might put a stop to hia vagaries. 'heo following is thie result of the rile match fired at Ilairondalu between the Sale and Bairnsdale detachments of the C company V.M.'L,I oni Wedesdeaylaat. Bairnadale 578, Sale 532, majority for Bairnsdalo 46. Sergeant-Major Jeffrey, V.M.R., will visit and drill C company V.M.E. oext week as follows :-Tuesday Hleyfildd 7.30 p.n., WVcdnesduy, Sale, (foot) 4 p.m., Thursday, Moffra, 8 p m., Saturday, Glengarry, 2.30 p. in. A libel notion for £500 damazes," is about being brought against the '" Traral. gon Frrinr's Journal' by Mounrn, one of the Morwell footballera, who was accused of playing foul at tile time Lavery, of W\alhalla, was hurt in the tlatchi between Mforwell anid Walhalla, on the Queen's birthday. We are glad to see our remarks mnado some time ago on beautifying the l?alfra Cemletory by tree planting is about to lie cnrried out. As will be seeon, by referring to nor advertising columns. tenders ate c:l:'ed for excavations for the pu:poso of plltming trees. Tenders are returnable on or bnfore the 28th inet. The Traraigin Agricultural Society ad vertices Ihit a prize will be given at their next allow (gr.eid national) to be hold oni 14th and Jeth Nov., for a tub of salt buttor iveighing nut less than 501bs,, to be left at Mr. Galbraith's shop, Trcandgon, eon orbafrro 1st August next. Theopizoe aro-l?t £5, 2ntd £3, 3rd £1. Mr. Renod, late manager of the Rank of Australasia, at Traralgon, and who lens been appoinlted to Newtown. is about to be proesnted by the people of Trarnlgon, ere his departure, with a beautiful ten anlid clffee service. Mr. Mowbray, stat;on master at Traralgon, who is alse about to take his leave, is to be presented with a liqueur stand. Mr. McClovry, brothorof our respected manoagerof the Commercial bank here, has boon transferred .from the Bank of Austra'ada, Walhalla, to that of Traral. gon. During his residence of four years in Walhalla, he has made miany friends, who on the eve of lis departure presented him with a chaste silver tea and coffee service, also a liqueur stand. We have been favored with an inspec. tion of the drawings for tile now MIetro politan Hotel about to be built by Mr. Jes. Knox. The Facade preeants an ar. tistic and imposing h,,pearonce, and the premslaes when finished will be a consider. able advance in the street architecture of Mtpffra, in fact it would hold its own with any similar structure in the metropolis, Mr. G. Wilson has comploted his now coach factory in Juiohisoe.-street, which is a nmarked imlprovement on the pre vious structure, and lie apprises the pub lic that hl in prepared to execute all work connected with the trade which lee may be entrusted with. It will be re mineblurud that MIr. Wilsoin gained firat prize at the lust Agricultural Show at MIaffra. Saturday's Mercury says :-" The first teunis manitch for the troihel presented by Dr. Brown, of Mafira. will be played to. day at Ttrarnlgon, betweecn Bairnesdo aid Trarnlgon.' We wohld remind our contelmplorairy that the first match frr this trophly wan played on Saturday 15th inst., between the Marllr atnd Mlorwell Clubs, resulting in a winl for MSffra, by 28 ganmes. We would draw attention to Mr. Wm. Aubrey'e business notice which appqnra in our advertising colmnes of this neoreing'a issue. Mr. Aubroy, who had been in partnorship with Mir. Storey, is now car. rymig oil the coach-buildinlg busaioes on his own accounc, and byv hi steady atten tiol to busines,. and tboexcellent welk. tnaealnip of all sorts of vehiclos executed in his factory, he ihas gained the confi deuce of the lpublic. We have much regret in chronicling the deoath of Mr Jamues Day, ono of the pioneers of Walhalla, and an old and re. spIcted resident of the Coppormnino towin ship, iMr. Day was thle owner of the Cop plerlilne Hotel and afterwards that of the Long Tunnel hotel, Walhalla, where lie waos mucl respoctel and ontouellld. On his departure front Walhalla, he took up his residumce in St. Kilda, where hI died on the 14th ilnst., at tile ago of 55,e yeare. He leaves a wife and three children to mourn his loses. The dispute over the Bald Hills roservo between 3fr Ollicor and thle Rosedalo hire Council has boon brought to a close, W\e have been shown commenationtio rocei vyo by MrWC.Olemnenit,frem Mhr Liardet, seorotary Rosedalo Shire, to the llfeett that he had received a letter from Mir. Harris, H.P., stating that after several interviews with the Ministor of Lands,whichl eotailed a grea, deal of trouble, it hual beooe pro mlsed that not a particle ofthe reserve would be touched, but that theoy would be prenerved iltaoct for the use of travelling Stook. A reduction is to be mado by the Gov ornment in the oharges levied on press telegrams, between the hours of 7.30 p.m,. and midnight. Instead of 2s per 100 words and Od for every additional 50 words, the charge is in future to be Is Od per 100 words and Od for every additional 50 words. The now tariff will come into eflloct on the tst July. We would again draw attention to the concert to behold in the Guild Room, to. morrow evening in aid of the Piano Fuid. The concert part of the programme will close with an act entitled-" rite HarMa sod Mistress," which the members of the " Girls' Friendly" have taken mucnh trouble in placing in acreditable manner before their anudience, and we hope to see their offorts appreciatad by giving them a crowdedhouse. The price of admission is only sixpence, therefore within the reach of all. On Thursday night a meeting was hold at Nowry in the local iMechanics' Institute for the purpose of forming a club for the benelit of the young menl of the district. It was detormined to start a society on lines somewhat similar to the St. John's Recreation Club. On Friday a sub-com mitteo.lMesars Clark.Bohll, and Grant,mot in St. Jolhn's Guildroom and examined the appliances, and looked into the rules of the Matfra Society. If suitable ar rangements can be made with the Mo catiniea' Committee a flourishing recrea tion society for young men, will shortly be in existence at Newry. On Thursday evening the Rev. J. R: Sharp gave the second of a series of lnc. tures on Bibilical dificulties, at the Neowry Episcopal Church, the subject of the lecture on this occasion being "The Fall of Man." The little church was quite filled with attentive hearers. At the termination of the lecture a presentation was made to Miss Wright, in recognition of her serviceas honora y organist of St. Clements church, Nowry, a position she has hold for many years past. Tihe sou venir was a valuable gold watch and chain. Mr. Clarke who responded for Mliss Wright, stated that she had led the praises of tile congregation from a higher motive than receiving an earthly rewvrd, yet she thankfully received the gift as an act of appreciation wlhch she greatly valued. It is with much regret that we have to report the death, from diphtheria, of the daughter of Mr. Wm. Grant, of Tinamha. Mr. Grant has been a resident only for about twelve months, but during that short time he has made many friends, who sincerely sympathise with him and his wife in their very sad bereavement. The deceased was a fine healthy cheerful girl of thirteen years, and had only been ill for a few days when she succumbed to that dire disease. It is quite unaccountable how the disease was contracted as Mr. Grant lives in the country on a fine healthy plain. Two of Mr. Grant's boys are also bad with the same disease, but hopes are enter tained that they will pull through. We must here contradict a statement made in Saturday's "Mercury" to the effect that "diphtheria had made its appearance in several families around Maffra." This is totally unfounded, as the Health Officer states that the malady does not exist else- where in the district. The breach btwceen pastor and guard ians of St. Paul's church, Sale, is so wide, that the Bishop has determined to send Archdeacon Stretch to investigate the cause and try to heal it, if possible. The Rev. Mr. Poynder has tendered his resig. nation, which the Bishop, it seems, does not willingly ac.ept. We hope to see peace reostred as it is not at all becoming to have such variance botwoen members of a Christian congregation, and it only givesa chance to the enemies of God to mock at what they consider so called Cicrisltanity. Fromn our own observations with regard to Mr. Poynder's actions since Ils arrival in Sale, Ihe i just the sort of man noeeded in the church to put down the new innovations which are gradually areoping in, to the detriment of the pure worship of God. We are quite surprised that sensible men like the guardians of St. Paul's. should side with what we may tenn a stranger and a foreigner, as ag:ainst their revd. pastor and the majority of the congregation. 