[Alii/ EIGHTS RESERVED.] A VEXED INHERITANCE BY ANNIE S. SWAN, Author of "Twice Tried," "Across her Path," "Sundered Hearts," "Aldersyde." "The Gates of Eden," "Briar and Palm," "Freedom's Sword," &c;, &c.; CHAPTER I (continued). -FOREBODINGS. THERE ig very little to tell, my lady," said the cook, more self-possessed than any of the rest. "Mrs. Foster was having her supper with UB for company's aake, and when she went back to the nursery the baby was gone-spirited away, I say-for no human being could take him. At first we thought Anne or Polly was. playing a trick on nurse-trying to fright en her for leaving him-but we soon found there was nothing of that kind. We've searched high and low, my lady ; there isn't acorner of the house we haven't been into, nor an outhouse. We went through every blessed one with a lantern, but it was no use." Lady Westray asked no more questions, but walked slowly out of the kitchen and upstairs to the library. There was no faltering in her step, nor in her voice, when she interrupted her husband's reverie by the expiring fire. " Baby is away, Hubert," she said in a quiet, low voice, and she sat down and looked at him with a dszcd,;vacant air. "Away to bed you mean?" "No ; away out of the house. They have lost him. Some one has taken him out of his crib. We shall-never see him any more, 1 suppose. Poor Bertie! To' be lifted out of his warm bed and carried out into the dark night. It was very cruel, H ubert, to"him as well to us." . f vHubert Westray sprang to his feet, his tall figure quivering with excitement, the veins in his forehead standing out like knotted cords. . "That was her errand," he said, in a low, thick *. 'whisper, oblivious of hiB wife's unnatural calm. ' "I ought to have known that revenge brought her here. That is the sword which has: been hanging over me for day3, Adelaide. I knew it would be either you or the child." Even in her own dread, awful misery, Lady Wes- tray was arrested by her husband's wild words. ,: Who are you talking about, Hubert ? Mystery seems heaped upon mystery here. Do you know who'can havo taken Bertie ?" asked his wife, press- ing her hands to her throbbing temples, as if trying to collect and calm her thoughts. " Ye3,1 know. I saw Rosamond Vane in West borough yesterday, and her eyeä have haunted me ever since. They foreboded evil to me and mine." " Who is Rosamond Vane?" . "Ah, I forgot ; you do not know. Yes I will tell .you, Adelaide. The crisis has come, and you must know all. It cannot matter now whether you leave me' or not. "I told you I have been a miserable, evil-haunted man. pursued by the ghost of the past -by the misery of a sin for which I have been bitterly, punished. But there, I cannot tell you the story how. I must go and seek herand thechild." So saying, and leaving his wife to her helpless un- availing pain, he quitted the house. A little later she heard the nng of horse's hoofs on the avenue, and if at that moment Adelaide Westray felt as if the very foundations of earth and heaven were shaken she may be forgiven. She dragged hereelf up at length, and went to make some more inquiries in a strange, listless, dispirited way, without that exhibition of frenzy which a mother thus suddenly and mysteriously bereft might have been expected * to display. There was little more to learn. Tho gross__.carelessne_ss of the servants was only con :finned.:'ithey were too miserable and conscience stricken to attempt to screen or defend themselves. While they had been enjoying their evening meal, > the hall door had been open, and the entire house left'.at the mercy of any who might elect to enter it. ,,' The servants' quarters were quite shut off from the upper part of til e house' and" only a very unusual noise could be heard downstairs. How easy thee for the'robber to steal up stairs and carry away the ?^sleeping child. The mystery was why the chile nhould be taken, and so much that is commonly valued by the thief left untouched. Lady Westray wandered about the house for a time like one in i . , dream, looking blankly into one room after another *- until at length she sat down on a chair by the ' - .* empty cot in the night nursery, and there,, with folded hands and wide-staring eyes, waited for whai elie scarcely knew. None of thc servants came near ; they were af raic . to see her, they whispered to one another, and so a " dreary hour dragged itself away. . t Towards two o'clock in the morning the sound OJ "» a horse's returning hoofs rang out over the stu it and heavy air, and Lady Westray sprang to her fee A. 4aud, with a wild light of expectancy in her eyes <i sped down to the hall, only to see her husband entei '" alone ; then with a low moan she tottered, anc sank* unconscious on the settle in the hall. When Adelaide Westray awoke from what seemec to her to have been a long Bleep* she found herBel in bed in her own room. It seemed to be broad day for thc sunbeams were shining through the Vene tian blinds and falling aslant the walls and floor She raised herself on her elbow and looked roum her inquiringly, .not remembering just then th occurrence of the night. She was alone in thereon but at that montent Denver came slipping from th adjoining room : a pale, heavy-eyed creature, witl an anxious expression on her face. At sight of he maid memory suddenly returned in all ita crue vividness to the unhappy mother, and she turnei her wide, hollow eyes imploringly on the woman' face. .'Has baby been found, Denver ?" The maid shook her head. " Oh, no, my lady, thereis no news. Doctor Ray . nor is downstairs. He has been here since befon . daybreak, and he bade me tell him directly yoi "were awake. May I ask him to come UD 7" . /'Where is Sir Hubert?" "Sir Hubert, my lady, is away to London, I think to get detectives or something. But if you will see Doctor Raynor, he will tell you all: about it. He was here before Sir Hubert left." " You may tell him to come up," said Lady Westray, languidly ; andj lying down wearily on the pillow, she turned her face to the wall. There was no hope in heir heart. The.baby, the light of her eyes, the darling of .her heart, the precious heir of-West Court, was lost for evermore. What, * then, had she.to live for? - She could not even at that'moment think with tenderness or longing of her absent husband. She had a vague, inscrutable consciousness that for this terrible calamity he wa3 somewhat to blame. She could not tell in what way : only the consciousness was there, adding to her weight of hopeless pain. ' "lam here, Lady Westray. I am thankful to see you conscious again." " It was the physician's voice, and when Adelaide Westray turned her head and looked upon the kind face of the friend who had known her since her childhood, her eyes filled with tears. .'Hubert has gone to London, Doctor Raynor," aha said quickly. "Denver says you know why. Has he any clue ?" " Yes. He asked me to tell you that a woman and child travelled from Westray by the 10.10 express last night, and that he hopc3 to trace her and rescue the child before night." " What woman 1 What could he her object ? The old man shook his head. The thing was an utter mystery to him. and if he had any suspicions it did not behove him to communicate them to the wife of Sir Hubert Westray. " It was a cruel thing to do, Doctor Raynor," she moaned. ''I did not dream we had, in the world, *"an enemy who would so use us. Perhaps we have loved him too much. Perhaps I made an idol of him, and thia has come to show me my sin. But he was so sweet .and winning and beautiful-my Berti1;, my precious child, my son my son !" The old man, watching the paroxysm of grief, wiped his own eyes, and walked away over to the window : wisely permitting her to give vent to her overcharged heart. '.Did Hubert say he would surely be back to- night !" she said, growing calmer again. " If not, I must go to London to-day. I cannot be here eating my heart out." " It would kill you to attempt the journey to-day, my dear. You do not know how weak you are," said the physician, soothingly. "Besides, would it not be a foolish errand ? Could you assist your husband in any way ? Could you even find him in London? Try and keep calm.and quiet, Lady Westray, arid trust Sir Hubert. . If ever a stern resolve sat upon man's face, it did on his when he left this morning. He will leave no stone unturned to find the heir of West Court." " Ile ought to have taken me." she said, almost wildly. "He loves'Bertie, I know, but he has not the instinct of a mother. I believe that were I in London at this moment, doctor, love would guide me to the very spot where my darling is." The doctor compassionately shook his head. " London is a great place, Lady Westray. I fear you would only experience the bitterest disappoint- ment. Try and keep quiet and brave, for your husband's sake, and believe he is doing his utmost at this moment. It is his deep interest as well as yours." " I am not excited, I am quiet and calm, Doctor Raynor : only something tells me l shall never see Bertie again. He is lost to us for ever." "Pray, my dear lady, try and rid yourself of such an unhappy thought," said the physician, hastily. "Let me remind you of the surpassing skill and expedition of the authorities at Scotland lard. When they tail lt is the exception and not the rule. And then no expense will be spared. Try and dwell rather upon the many chances of success. One woman, however clever, can scarcely, in so short a time, baffle all the energies of Scotland Yard." I So the good old man tried to comfort and Bustain the unhappy mother, although himself utterly bewildered and perplexed. " Mr. and Mrs. Courtney have arrived, my lady," said Denver, entering the room. But just then some one swept past her, and in a moment Adelaide Westray was sobbing all her heart's grief out on her mother's breast. Doctor Raynor .immediately left the room. lu the library he found the Squire of Alderley pacing restlessly np and do<vn the room, evidently in a state of huge excitement. He wa3 a broad, burly, rather vulgar-looking man, with a puffy red face and an angry blue eye. A hasty, domineering temper and a somewhat selfish disposition were the besetting 6ins of Squire Courtney, but he had a certain ready kindness of hea'.t, and manner too, which somewhat softened thePe unpleasant characteristics. " Hulloa, Raynor, good morning. Extraordinary occurrence, this," he said, pausing in his walk and transfixing the mild little doctor with his piercing eye. " What on earth is the meaning of this cock and bull story we got to our breakfast this morn- ing ? Is it true what they say, that the child has been stolen ?" " Quite true, Mr. Courtney, I am sorry to say." "How did it happen? Tell me all about it quick. They might have sent word to Alderley, at any rate. Where's Westray ? And Ada, too ! Where are all the inmates of this house ? There isn't a servant to be seen, to answer a civil ques- tion." - " Sir Hubert and Lady Westray were dining at Eardley last night, Mr. Courtney. During their absence the nurse. I understand, had gone down- stairs for some supper. She was absent about thirty or forty minutes, and on her return found her charge gone. There is no other explanation, nor any particulars to give in the meantime. Sir Hubert has gone to London to get detective assist- ance, and hopes soon to recover the child." " Extraordinary !" repeated the Squire, tapping his riding whip impatiently on the floor. " What do they mean, going dining at other folk's houses and leaving the child and the house in charge of careless idiots ? But hang it, man, what do you suppose it means ? If we were in Italy, the thing might be understood. It's a common thing foi children, anti grown people, too, I am told, to be stolen, and kept by the brigands till a fine ransom is paid. But whoever heard of such a thing happening in England ? It's like a scene ont of a foolish novel. You're sure there's no mistake ?" " No mistake, Mr. Courtney.- It is only too real a calamity for the house of Westray." "I wonder now if that dark-bro*ed. haughty hussy Robert Westray married has anything to dc with it," said the Squire, in his blunt injudicious fashion. ." You know it was an awful disappoint- ment when my girl became Lady Westray, and the mother of an heir." '' Hush, Mr. Courtney. It is unwise even tc hazard such a supposition. For her own and hei children's sake Mrs. Robert Westray would neve] dare such a crime," said Doctor Raynor, hastily. ''. Well, perhaps not," assented the Squire " Besides, what would be the good of that ? Then is no reason why Lady Westray should not hav< another son, and Mrs.-Robert couldn't go or stealing children for ever. How is the poor thing ' She'll be taking it terribly to heart." " She .is indeed. . She has no hope herself, Mr Courtney. It will scarcely be a disappointment ti her though they should find'no clue." " Tut, tut : that's foolish, said the Squire. "Wai a moment ' till I run up to see her, and then I'l ride down with. you. Mrs. Courtney is driving, bu will likely want to remain with Ada." So saying, Mr. Conrtney stumped upstairs in hi heavy riding boots, and without any ceremon; entered his daughter's room. His wife, a gentl : lady-like woman, whom to look at was to love, wa sitting close by the bed with her arm around he I daughter's slender shoulders, her soft hand gentl .moothing the golden curls back from the hot bron " Well, Addie, this is a sad affair," said the Squin in his loud, brisk fashion. " Stupid thing of yo all, to lose the boy you've been so fond and prou of." .' Adelaide Westray winced, but tried to smil faintly up into her father's face. Scarcely jet had she got rid of a certain shrinl ing awe and dread cf the loud-voiced, quid tempered,, imperious parent, who had -kept stric discipline among the children at Alderley. ' " Keep up your heart. They'll find him, nev« fear. Come, now, don't Bhake your head so doli fully. I say they'll find him for you in no time why shouldn't they ? It's what they're paid an kept up for. So don't Jet your spirits down. I' bet you two to one Hubert brings him back to ye safe and sound." " I'll try to be hopeful, papa," answered Lad Westray, but there was no hope in her voice. "That's.right. Well, mother, I suppose yon want to remain here for a bit?" said the Sqnire 1 his wife._ " I'll get back to Alderley, and ken things going in your absence. . There's no sayir what mischief that Flo may be up to. She's ¡ much of a tomboy as ever, Addie-worse, I thin' since you.left 1" Adelaide Westray smiled in spite of herself, as vision of her bright-eyed, round-faced, happy-g lucky young sister rose up before her. Florem Courtney was eminently the life of the old hon at Alderley. Never a day passed without leadir her into some serious scrape. Yet ehe was no sixteen,' and a source of considerable anxiety her mother, as well as of some trouble to her f athf Means would not permit of her being sent to soho to have her animal spirits tamed, for money w scarce at Alderley, The Squire himself hi expensive tastes : he liked a fine mount, and was the forefront of all snorts. Then Tom. the on son, was being educated at Eton ; so it was the women folk who were stinted, and who had to exercise the virtue pf self-denial most frequently. Perhaps it was these things, and the burden of anxiety they entailed, which gave Mrs. Courtney's face that peculiarly sweet, patient expression, often worn by those who are harassed by many cares. Adelaide was the mother's darling. Her sweet, bright, unselfish nature, her untiring devotion and willingness to share any burden, had been for years the very brightest thing in Mrs Courtney's life. She had given her up with a grudge, and, while glad that so beautiful and easy a lot had been vouchsafed to her deareast child, she knew that never, never could her place be filled. Studious, thoughtful Anna, and careless, gleeful Florence were each well in their own place, but none could ever be to her what her eldest child had been. Having said his blunt say, the Squire of Alderley took his departure, and rode away with the doctor, discussing the new Game Bill which was engrossing the attention of the newly opened Parliament. Very sweet to the stricken heart of Adelaide Westray was the presence and sympathy of her mother through the long hours of that May day. Towards evening she rose and dressed, and there was a nervous restlessness about her which indi- cated a mind terribly ill at ease. She could not sit still. So long as daylight lasted she was scarcely away from the turret window, which commanded the whole length of the avenue and a portion of the high road to Westray, the road by which all travel- lers came from the station. But darkness fell without bringing the anxiously-expected comer. Towards seven o'clock the ¡sound of wheels broke upon her listening ears, and a vehicle was driven rapidly up to the door. The master of West Court had returned home once more alone. When he entered, his wife met him, and when she looked upon his worn and haggard face her heart sank. He looked like one who had kept a protracted vigil, and whose mind J had been long upon the rack. " My darling ! my poor wife !" He put his arm about the slender dark-robed figure, led her gently into the library, and, shutting the door, gathered her closely to his heart. " This day has been so long, Hubert," she said, in broken, faltering tones. "I am thankful you have come back to me." "Even without the child, Ada?" he asked, hoarsely. :,I have given him up. I had no hope," she said, in that still, quiet, indescribably pathetic way. "But I could net have borne your abseuce very much longer. The day has been so long." She shivered in his arms, and, looking into her white, wan face, a dark shadow crept over Hubert Wes tray's own. " I have done my best, Adelaide, and I have failed," he said at length. " She has been traced to London, and they hold out strong hopes at Scot- land Yard thai they may speedily find her. I could do nothing more than leave the matter in their bands, so I have come back." " Who is this woman who has taken our treasure from us, Hubert ? Tell me about her. The mystery and the misery of it are all eating into my heart. Tell me now." She drew him over to the fire, and made him sit down in an easy chair, and drawing a stool close to it, sat down at his feet, and folded her pale hands on his knee. In all these actions there was a con- fidence and trust, an unsuspecting and innocent tenderness, which smote him to the heart. Poor child, the shadows had as yet only whispered themselves to her heart. Soon, soon enough they would darkly fall. " Rosamond Vane, you called her, Hubert. Why should she take our child from ns ?" she asked with her innocent eyes fixed wildly on his face." Tell me what you know." "You do not know the task you have set me, Adelaide, but I will tell you. I will keep nothing back, and leave you to judge, and condemn me if you will," said Hubert Westray, passing his hand wearily across his brow. " It was at Oxford that I firdt saw Rosamond Vane, and that is ten years ago, I nay, it will be twelve in the summer since the day her eyes ensnared me first. She was a handsome girl, Adelaide, with Spanish blood and Spanish fire in her veins. Her mother had been a popular singer in her time, and Rosamond had inherited from her a fine voice, but it had never been properly trained or she might have attained to some eminence a3 a singer. They earned a precari- ous and oftentimes scanty livelihood at the places of amusement in the town. Rosamond's handsome appearance and fine voice were often in requisition, and she was generally sure of a temporary engage- ment with almost every management that came to the theatres. I believe she had many a chance offered her to rise in the profession, but she seemed to prefer her untrammelled easy existence, and sc refused them all, All the students of a certain se) knew Rosamond Vane, and many a precious hom was lost-ay, and a great deal of money spent-ir dancing attendance on the handsome singer. She was a born coquette, but she could keep them al at a distance. She took their gifts and let them spend their money on her, but she never encouraged one more than tue other. It wa3 Wilmot Ardan who first introduced me to Rosamond Vane. Up tx ' that time I had been a diligent student, caring ! little for the frivolities and follies in which s( many of the fellows indulged ; but after I sa1« Rosamond Vane I did no more work. She, and sh< alone, was the cause of my graduating with encl poor credit. I suppose I must have fallen in lovi with her, after a fashion, for I can remember ye how I used to dream of her by day and night. I was not love, it was a mad passion which conk not last. Ay, you hide your face, my wife, anc well you may. Perhaps, when all is told, you wil not let me call you wife again. " A great calamity betel me, Adelaide. Rosa mond Vane learned to care for me, as such un disciplined, fiery natures do, with a fierce and all absorbing love, which would seek to sweep every thing before it. While my own infatuation lasted I found it very pleasant to be BO much to her, bu soon, very soon, I began to weary, and to wish ". had not been so foolish as to pay any attention t her. I had promised to marrry her, and, althougl it was only a jest, for I knew how utterly impos sible it would be for me to take such a step, in m; father's lifetime at least, she took it terribly í earnest. I had only flirted a little with hei Adelaide, and had never said half as much as man fellows had said to her ; but the difference wa that she believed what I said, because she wa terribly in earnest herself. She would not let m break off our engagement, as she persisted in cal ing it, and at length sick of my chains and of her, told her it would be impossible for me to ever marr her, and that I was very sorry if she had ever bee led to believe it. That is the way men speak no' when they have been guilty of that grave ail playing with a woman's heart. For poor Rosamon Vane had a heart in spite of her coquettish, foolis ways, and unfortunately she had given it to ra Well, I broke off with her, but she persecuted u with letters and coming to my rooms until I w¡ obliged to speak very strongly to her ; and thei when she saw I was in earnest, that I cared n thing for her, she turned upon me. I shall nev forget her as she looked then, magnificent in h wrath. She told me that she would watch me that so long as I remained unmarried she wou leave me unmolested, but directly I tcok a wi she bade roe beware. I laughed at her, not knoi ing, fool that I was, what ' fury hath a wornt scorned.' Some years went by, and I remember no more about her. Other interests occupied m< my father died, I became the master here, ai then, Adelaide, I met you. Yon know the rest you know what revenge Rosamond Vane hastaki for the wrong I did her. It was a wrong, Adelaic to win her love and then cast it aside, as I did, have tried to excuse myself often by telling myst others have done it, that it is thought lightly < but not latterly. Since I have known and lov you, my darling, you have taught me many thinj you have shown me in yourself what is noble a: true and good, and so my sin has weighed upon 1 until it grew so heavy I could scarcely bear My wife, can you forgive me, or must I lose y too ? I am a man of few words, but this is a matl of life and death to me." Adelaide Westray had her face hidden in bc her hands. She sat very still, the heaving of 1 breast was scarcely perceptible, what she was sufi ing at that moment even he could not guess. A it is a cruel thing to have the idol we have w shipped shattered at our feet, leaving us desol among the ruins of a pride and joy that w Earth holds no more bitter pain than that. I she had not shrunk away from him, the folds of 1 dress still touched him, the golden head was near that with a motion he could have laid it his breast, only he did not dare. "If she loved you I forgive her," she whisper at length without revealing her face. " You have forgiveness for her, Adelaide. WI have you for me'.'" he asked in an intense whisr. and there shone on his haggard face a gleam of ful joy and hope. " I must not judge, Hubert." she whisper " Yon were very cruel to her, but you have ne been so to me, and I am your wife." She crept to his sideband he took her to his he again, and his heavy tears fell upon her head. "Perhaps if I could see her, Hubert," s Adelaide Westray in her frentle. nitvinw vninp could soften lier heart: Oh, I am sure I could poor Rosamond Vane. If they find her, Hu bert, we must not let them punish her; We must remember how she has been tried, and be very gentle with her. I am quite sure she never thought how cruel and terrible a thing it was to take away a little child from its mother." So Adelaide Westray's innate unselfishness and generous sweetness came to the surface even in that hour of deep pain. For the story her husband had just told her had for her its own peculiar sting. He felt himself humbled in her eyes, he stood shamefacedly before her purity and nobleness of soul. But the master of West Court was happier then than he had been for many years. His broken vows and faithlessness to Rosamond Vane had long hung like a millstone about his neck. TO BE CONTINUED. 