CHATTIE XIII.-Ta« TOBAOOO BOOT. Taking her lover Into the'little parieur, which bia rival now rented, Kate lit th«lamp, sloted the door and then took down'trom over the fire place a framed, cabinet sized photo- graphic view. Lake had been in the room several times before, bat had ei>t 'bestowed any particular attention on tba small picture Kate now placed on the table olote beside the lamp, The view presented one of those quaint old taverns a» dear to tba artist of both omsk and pen, and which the modern Oaths, the brewon, sweep away to erect in their artaud ugly pyramids of brick. Tba Std Um waa a low, «rambling, fr»mework«hoaae, with thatched roof, dbmond-paned windowa, and over the principal entrance there -swung an old fashioned sign-board ob which waa painted in red a représentation of tbe singular animal that gave its name to the plane. Before the front of the inn aevsral parsons were lounging, and among these Luke instantly perceived one whom he indentified as Kate's father. There waa no neoessity to compare the photograph with his rough sketch. The Identity of the two was nn mittakable, and tba portrait upon which be now gazed for the first time brought vividly before bim once more tbe étrange, weird face of tbe man he had encountered whilst lost with his workmates in the mine. "This is your father, Kau 1" ba said, laying bia finger on the figure in the photo- graph and speaking in an undertone, ee that Mrs. Leigh might not overhear what was said. "Yea." " And that is the man I ssw down the King Pit!» " Or fancied yon saw," " How waa it," he continued, net heeding her remark, " that your father was taken in Ma pit clothes t "I pnt the same question to my mother many a jeer ago, and thia is how eke explained it. My father and some other minera bad 'bobd'-struck work-on the morning the picture wat taken, and gone ou thee spree, and the artist must bare Jndeoed them to form part of his photograph. The other men were soma of myáathep* old work- mates, and you wilt .have noticed that they also are in their working clothes I"*-» . . "Yes, 1 had noticed that," M answered musingly. Then he asked aomawpet abruptly, ' ' Do you know the erect data of your father's disappearance ?" " Quite well, for I hare beard my mother mention it hundreds of times. The morning my father went away was the 30th of August, 1861. " The 30th ot August I" he oried " and this is the second of September I Why, Kate, it was the 30th ot August on which 1 saw your father!" "Well»'' The tone in which Luke had last spoken caused Kate to regard him curiously. Ths discovery that Kate's father, had disappeared on the esme day of the month as that on whioh be had seen someone who resembled, bbs so much, had given rise in Luke's mind to a theory which might ultimately eiplain the whole affair. But at present be :re*oived to nay nothing to bli eweetheart aboat lt. " Yee," Kate continued, ea* har lover remained silent, " the dates aaa .identical. What do you make of that? Anything?" " Well," Luke rejoined, evasively, '.< at any rate it is a remarkable ooinoidenoe." "Yes, but, unfortunately, that doe» not explain any thing. " " It does not," he was forced to ad mit, being still determined to say nothing of the theory that his fanoy had lately originated. A little later the lovers said good night to each other, and Luke weat . thoughtfully homeward, the experience of thal night having brought bim abundant^materUI for mental exerolse. First there was* the Indent!-, fication of his eketoh'by Kate as a portrait of-j her father, sad then ithe oooeapoadenoe, of the date of Jonathan Leigh's disappearance' with that on whioh Luke had bad that singular1 adventure in the King Pit. Luke's theory was the result of his having' read some time that persons who bsd met witt death in any iou! or mysterious manner reappeared to aomobofiy on aha anbtvatiar/ of their fat«. The «duer ridiouled that idea the moment hts mind gave birth to it. But it was not so easy to Md himself of the thought aa to jibe at it, and presently, when be bad cast abont in vsin for some explanation of the affair, the theory he bsd at first laughed at' appeared a little more reasonable. Karly in the following week Luke Standish j accepted the position vacated by the night' fireman, Sam Grimshsy, and commenced his official duties. One of his first duties was that ol making himself perfectly familiar with those old workings in whioh heiand due three comrade* wan loot, 1er, as night fireman, hs would have to travel occasionally through them, and invariably alone. , After e few journeys, in company with old Ike Ellsworth, Loka cpald find his way on- ' aided through the Intricate .network of o.d galleries that bad formerly puttied him so '< much, and about» week after being lost with J his comrades be was onoe more wending bis way towards the place where, either ia fact or fancy, be had aeon the man whom Kite deda, ed to be her father. It wee hall an hour after midnight, and Standiah waa returning through the air-ways from the far end of the north level. 'He had already discharged the greater portion of his night's work, haring hurried over it es speedily aa possibly, in order to leave him time to do the work he had set himself namely, that of revisiting the scene of his singular experience. Ia i little while the new firemen wes In the heart of the eabterrene maze and guiding him- self by means ol the chalk marks he had made at intervals upon the roof aud sides of the galleries, he soon reached the bottom of the Inclined road which, he had ascended alone, and where his adventure or dream bad come to him. There could be no mistake about the place, for there at the corner was* his name in big white characters, and after resting a few momenta be began to walk up the old road, his thoughts dwelling upon his former visit, and a strange feeliug, that waa quite distinct from fear, pervaded bim. In a few minutes the fall was reached, and Luke seated himself in the middle of the road on the very spot be bad previously occupied. He remained there several raiuutes; half hoping, whilst fearing, that bis former experience would be repeated. But neither in fact nor fancy did be again see that dark bearded, bluc-sbirted figure that had chilled him to the very marrow and momentarily paralysed him. Then Luke arose to depart, more inclined now to beiieve that bis adreuture of a wee k ago was but a dreitn. Was it not po-sible, as Kate had suggested, that during a VÍBÍÍ to the cottage of the LeighB be had seen her father's photograph, and forgotten it entirety until that morning a week ago ! " What's that !" Luke bad not taken a dozen strides when this i j<tculation escaped him, and it was cauSL'it by bin foot Btriking eome object which emitted a hollow, ringing, metallic enoi,d. Deflecting bia lamp so that its light fell on tbe floor beeide bim, be found, after some moments' searching, a small oval-shaped tobacco box, each aa miners commonly use. At a first glanoe there appeared to be nothing unusual about it, eave that it was made of braes, sooh boxes being generally constructed ol tin. Its poliBbed euri«cc was hut little tarnished, and this led Luke to thiok that it had been lost only a short time ; bat later when be asme to re-consider the matter, he attributed its freedom from rust to tbe great dryness of that part of the mine in whioh it had been lying. * tío lamina tie bor In Mt «nié*) wxamíáa .fr mon tacitly te htiard eonisthiag-ratals ahalde. »nd pressing opon tho (pring hatton Wk & ttamb, tbSTiS flew beek, disclosing < tAtnil'tnllok of thick-twist tobacco, whisk I *»» muon ekriveUed, end herd Mt pieoe of sttáé almost,' ' Luke' wak «bout to «hat the box again when ?onie marke upon tba inner aide of tba bd attracted, bi* attention. Examining the marka hatoood that they were writing, and a alosar aorutlny still revealed eomethlng that sent a deep thrill through him. It was a name-the name of a man-it wes that of Jonathan Leigh. Again and again he examined the letters to make oertaia that fae was neither dreaming nor being milled by bis senses. Hot there the naine remained, rudely graven in straggling oharaoters, which waa evidently the work of omecne nnpraotited in the art of engraving. Then faurlosed the box, placed it carefully away in afno of kia inner pocket«, and filled with a curious feeling be hurried from the spot, wondering what thia new link in the ohain of mystery could mean. Tbe next evening, wben Kate Leigh had done working, and was going homeward, she found her lover awaiting her coming in the wagon-road beside the stile, and Luke at onoe made ber acquainted with his disoovery of that morning, "It most have belonged to my father," said Kate, as ahe handled the box almost reverently ; " bot, of course, I know nothing about it. My mother would very likely bs able to recognise it. But how are we to show her'this without telling her the rest of the matter T" " Leave that to me, Kate," Luke rejoined, " and I'll manage it. I am going home with you for that parpóse." A little later Luke wu seated in the cottage kitchen ; Kate wes having her tea, and Mrs. Leigh was knitting, seated in her rocking chair beside the window. Abont five minutes ago Arthur Willesden bad obtained his first glance at his brawny and not unhandsome rival through the parlour window aa Luke and Kate came to the cottage, and the sight of the lovers in company again, with all traces of their quarrel gone, only oaused the world- ling to vow afresh that his schemes shonld part them again, and fór ever. "Oh, Mrs. Leigh," Luke presently re marked In an off-hand way. "I found eome- thing the other morning which may interest yon. I am fireman now, you know, and occasionally visit the old roads in the King Pit-some of them the very roads your husband used to travel along years ago. It was in one of these roads that I found this box." Ile hended the tobacco box to her as he finished, watohing her intently the while, as did Kate also. Mrs. Leish took the box without the least show of interest, regarding it for a moment quite indifferently. Then on a eudden there was a flash in her eyes, and abe became tremblingly eager. . With her thnmb she pressed apon the spring button as Luke had done, and when the lld flew open she at once fixed ber gaze upon the writing on its inner «ide. The action con- vinced Luke and Kate more than any wordB could have done that Mrs. Leigh had aeen the box before. "You know itt" Luke queried. " Know it I" and her uplifted ooontenance expressed botb knowledge and deep emotion. " lt was my husband's. I gara lt to him before we were married," " I suppose he must have dropped it when be used to work at the King Pit." "I daresay, but I don't recollect hearing him apeak about losing it." Hereupon Luke suggested that Mrs. Leigh should keep the box, as he bsd ne use for it, end it clearly belonged to ber. She accepted his offer with thanks, and at once went to her bedroom to ruminate over this memento cf her youth. When her mother left the kitohen Kate remarked In an undertone : " And you say that you fouod thé box near the place whare yon saw my father I" " Sot more than half-a-dozen yards away," be responded. " There must be some meaning in all this I" Kate continuad musingly. "Of that I am quite satisfied sow, although I cannot yet comprehend what it may be. Perhaps, after hil,' my father did not desert my mother." " Ha I" Luke cried, with a little gasp, as her half-veiled meaning flashed upon him. /' I understand. Your father might have got lost In the old workings aa land tbe others did-and died there." Her nod convinced him that he had rightly interpreted ber thought, and after a moment's pause, Kate added "I should like to see the place, Luke, where you found the box, and saw-" She paused, uncertain what word to nae to desoribe what ha bad aeen. "It would mean a two miles walk under- ground.'*' -- " Could yon menage to Uko me there eome tiroe unknown to anyone bot ourselves T " I don't know," he rejoined reBeotirely. " It might be done, I daresay. I «ball hare to be down the pit alone sometime», and perhaps it could be managed then. There will be à lit!t* risk for ns both, you under- stand,, The manager and nnderlooker may hot nae me toking you down the mine wftbont their permission ; and your mother would not care about you undertaking such a journey." .'The risk must be run," she replied decisively. .. I feel that I ought to go, and I will I" " Then you shall l" he made answer. (To be continued.) The German philosopher who eaid, "Hen beeome largely what they eat," must hare had in mind the cannibal who turned mis- sionary. " Will the youngest girl in the room piesse rise ?" said a school superintendent in a rural district. Every female stood up, including the teacher. «& Parson (to Candidate for Snnday-sohowlj-iJ " Have yon been ohristened, my boy f* Boy -" Yeah, shir. Got marks in three plashes on my left arm 1" Little Mr. O'Flynn :-" We have been, married foire years an' more, an' divil a cross word to me onld women have I spoken yit !" Big Mrs. O'Flynn: "If yes did it would be the last yes would iver speak I" The longest word in the English language ia not "smiles," although there is a mile between the first end last letters. The longest word is " belesgued," with the equi- valent of three miles between the first and last syllables. A yoong preacher pioked np Bishop Pieroe's hat and put it on his own head, and it was exactly a fit. " Why, Bishop," said he, "your head and mine are exectly the same size." " Yes," replied the Bishop, " on the outside." Mistress : " Why, Jane, what's that you've got?" Jane: "The new parry-sonl anil pro- tector, mum-ev ooorss." " You with a thing like that ! Why, I shouldn't think of having one myself." " P'r'aps not, mum. It ami everyone they becomes I" Overheard in a distrlot much peopled by the London Irish brigade : " For why, Pat, don't ye give over the dhrink and jine the League of the Cross?'' "Taytotal? N¡ver. Land League as muoh as ye like, but ito. Water League1 for me." \Mv, A.-"Your cousin has gone into «Maesa. I hear. How is his business oomaft'onf' B.-" He lives high, rents a fine house; his children are being well educated, be gives to the poor, but aomehow or other hejusver pays cash for anything." 'v** Veterinary surgeon (to bis ne« assistant) : "Yon want to take this tube, Miohael, fill it with the powder, insert it in the horse's mouth, and ¿ive a quick sharp blow. (Ten' I minutes later) Whats the trouble, Miohael I" Michael :- " Troth, sor, the horse blowed fooret." Â story is told of s shrewish ScotchVomsn who tried to wean her husband from the dram shop by employing ber brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way horns.. " Who are you ?" asked the goldman, " I'm Auld Nick," was the repy. "Come awa', mon," said John, nothing daunted. " Ole's a shake o' your hand ; I am married to a sister o' yours. Aunt Penelope (who has testamentary Ítowers) : " Do you know. Edith, I sometimes anoy baby will be like me." Edith (aston- ished into candour) : " Like yon, Aunt Pene- lope 1 Dear me 1 I hope not."' Aunt Pena", lope : " You hope not. And pray why. Edith t" Edith (suddenly recollecting Aunt P.'a powers) : " Oh, good looks are frequently auch a snare you know, Aunty, " M 