' ROCHESTER SPORTS j ' The anniversary of thd Queen's Birthday was. taken advantage of by tho Rochester District Athletic Club to hold their annual sports. An excellent programme ;had been prepared by the committee, and tho day being all that could bo desired tho variousevents came oft with' considerable eclat. The President Mr S. Seward, was ably assisted in his efforts by the Vice-President Mr H. Jones, and the stewards Messrs Graveil, Hart, Xsing, M'Mahon, Humphiris Graham, and Bird. The Judges, Messrs.'W. T. Webb, M.L.A., 0. Jones ana H, Gregory 'had not much difficulty in their department, 'owing to-the correct estimates of the handicappers, Messrs. Seward, Gravell, 'and Gregory. There was a ltrge attendance of • the public amongst whom wore several from •Echuca, who came down by tho trains and in.vehicles. There were only two protests lodged, and one of these was withdrawn. On tho committee assembling in the evening at tii9 Rochester Hotel, tho protest of O'Loughlin against the winner of the open Bicycle Race* R. Manloy, of Wangaratta, on tho ground th^t he had not- given the whole of his performances for the past two years, was considered at considerable length. But as Manley made a statutory declaration that the lisb of performances furnished to the committee was correct, and also gave a satisfactory explanation that he had nominated in accordance with the rules of several Bicycle Clubs, and also that the Rochester rules were not advertised in the Sportsman, the protosb was disallowed. The following are the results of tho various events :— Sheffiold Handicap, 130 yds—H. Gibson, 1; H. Warner, 2P. Devine, 3 ; C. F. Yates, 4, There were 34 competitors for this ovcnfc, which was run in heats. Boys Race, 100 yds—J. Coglin, 1 ; J. Devine, 2. Amateur Bicycle Rice—A. Wallis, (55yds) 1; A. Bicd, 2. 440 yds. Handicap Race.—0. W. Hicks James Murphy 2 ; R. Grevillo 3. There were 15 competitors for this event which; was run in heats. District Race 100 yds.—&J.; J. Herley 1 ; F. Buckland and H.Gibson ran a dead heat for 2, and agreed to divide the stake. . Open Bicycle Race, two miles.—R. Manley 1 ; M. l/Luughlin, 2 : C. Neunhoffer 3. Hurdle Race, 100 yds.'—D. A. M'Arthur 1 ; iM J. Herley 2 ; Jas. Murpliy 3. There were 21 entries for this race which was run in heats. Siamese Race.—Wilson and Dean 1 '> Johnson and Bird 2. Firemen's Race 50 yds.—W. H. Daymond (Sandhurst City) 1 ; T. Aah (Sandhurst City) 2. Cigar Race 150 yds.—L. Quick 1 j C. Rofe 2. Runniug High Jump (Handicap)—M.J Her ley.l (5ft. 7in.) ; D. MArthur 2 (5 feet.) Mechanics'Race 100 yds—G. Alderwick 1; J. Hamilton 2. .This concluded tho sports on the reserve. During the interval at 1 o'clock, a capital luncheon, providedby Mr. Snell, was partaken .of; bytlio committee and officers iu charge and the various toasts incidental to the occasion were duly honoured. THE KINKS. The Victoria Rink as might be expected, on . the occasion of a Carnival was thronged not only by visitors aud on-lookers, but by all sorts of u characters" on skates, there was the •'Darktown Masher"—the Pale Ould Irish Gentleman, a gorgeously dressed Prince, Old Father Christmas, Vanity and Folly and a host of others of doubtful pedi-1 sjree,' all soemingly intent ongoing round and round with varying speed aud not exact concentric lines—rather eccentric than otherwise. Tho lull was prottily decorated, and well lighted up by electricity so that the drosses and figures could bo Been to perfection. Tho Judges, Mr. Seward and Mr. Riley had all thoir work to do to decido as to who were tho prize winners but whon thoy did so their decisions were roceived with satisfaction. Tho awards wero as follows—Boat sustained character (geut's) C. Peterson, as Father Christmas ; special mention—Mr. Ashley as " Shoeblack" and Mr. Broderkk as the old Irish Gentleman. Best sustained character (lady) Miss B. Howe, as College Student ; special mention, Miss L. Cewen, as Polish Maiden. Best dressod character (lady) Mies M. Johnson, as " Vauity." Best diessed g«nt, Mr. Wallis as tho Masher' Best lady skater Miss P. Brown, as " Folly." Amongst tho other characters wero Miss M. Kilfedderas DollyVarden, Miss Crawford —a Matron ; Miss K. Scott, as iSfancy Lee; Miss Johnson as a Laundry Maid ; Miss E. Kilfedder as Shepherdess ; Miss A. Richards as Britannia, and Miss A. Horworthy, as a School Girl ;MrHarria as Railway Engineer; Mr. W. Mackey as Jockey ; Mr Dodkius as Prince Charming, Mr H. M'Donald as a Scotchman ; Mr Hamilton as a Darktown Masher, Mr Ashley, as Shoeblack, and numerous others whoso cards were not sent in. Messrs. Scotfc Bros, wero indefatigable in their endeavours to attend to the comfort and convenience of their visitors, and tho result was that all present thoroughly enjoyed themselves, and at tho conclusion of the Carnival at the Rink repaired to tho Shire Hall whore thoy ontered with soirit into the mazes of Terpsichorean exorcises to the musio of Mr G. Backhouse's excellent Btring baud. Dancing was kept up till an early hour on Saturday morning. At tho Elite Rink there was also a great crush, not only of onlookers but aho* of masked characters on tho rink. Tho Judges after a doal of consideration gave tho following awards—Ladies—Best sustained ! cliaractor, Miss J. Humphries, Polo ; most original Miss Barry, Snowstorm; best dreasod Miss Sublet; special, Miss Christie, -Agricultural Show ; best skater, Miss A. Huruphris. —Gentlemen—Best sustained Mr Fitzgerald,. Travelling Tinkor ; most original Mr J. Walter, as Boys' own Tailor ; most comical Mr J. Rankin, as Swagman. Wo noticed the following :—Miss Taylor, as Bridget M'Glory selling her War Cry; Mrs Richards, as tho Irish Applewoman ; Miss Sublet, Spanish Girl ; Miss Hyor, as Weeping Willow ; Miss A. Humpris, as Turkish Convent ; Mr J, Wilson, as London Crossing Sweepor Mr W. Humphris, as Jockey; Mr A. Oliver, as Dust-mau; Mr Wood, as The Ghost; Mr N. Murphy, as Cook ; Mr A. Richards, as Hindoo ; Mr J. T. Medlend, as Broken down Masher ; Mr J. Humphris, as Brigand Chief ; Mr P. Murphy, as Rifleman ; Mr A. Bird, as Gipsy lCing, . 