?nf. .vHoMeracingr. -r ? ??'-?% Bt Wait. The contemplation of so muoh racing next i Wotk is embarrassing alike to owner, tho i travelling publio, and the race of .prophets. | Whither is tho refrain of every song no matter I who aiegs, and the possibilities soggeBUve I thereby aro puzzling if not infioito. We know j that to the Irishman belongs the potentiality j of .being in two places at onoe, hut the know- j ledge scarcely helps us. -Some of the owners, mt not many, aio Irishmen, and even if every nominator hailed from the first gem of the sea, whether the privilege conferred by St. Patrick on his countrymen extends to their goods and chattels, including, of course, their racehorses. ! And this is the difficulty; we have .to faoe in antir.ipatingresultaatToowoomba,Ip8wioh,and Sandgate, tho three important meetings which olash -with one another on Boxing day. Taking the Ipswioh.meeUng first, SpneatNed Theorist, Alma, and Lurline are lighter, in tha Athenian Handi7aps;.than at Toowoomba and Bandgate(wh'ereLurline,however,isnotentered), butbotwpon them there is much the eame relative difference of weight, and at Toowoomba and Bandgate the company is neither bo large nor bo aristocratic. The beat in the Ipswich Turf 0 ub Handicap seem to be Alma, Wandaworth, Boori, nnd Ajai. , In the Merchants' Cup running at Tatter soil's, Pirate ia rather harshly treated at 8st. 4 lbs., with Honest Ned in at 8 fit. 111b., 2 lbs. less than he won with on that occasion, though some allowance must be made for Pirate having run a severe mile and a-talf , on hour or two befoie. On his recent running Lyndhurst might have been a let oS a little more lightly, but he has proved himself «o good a horse io hie time, and that at no remote date, that it is dangerous to assume his decline, as that of Yabba and Pirate may he done without muoh risk. And his victory in the Welter at the Q.T.U. meeting in Novemter onder 11 st. 13 lbs., prohibits any handicapper from taking liberties with him. If he can win at all he oan do it under 8 st 9 lbs., and it not, 4 or 5 lbs. lees would not better his chance perhaps. In the Flying Handicap Megaphone has got it hot at 7 st. 9 Ydb., a stone over his weight for age. Taking a line through Florae, who gave Lurline 2 bs. and a beating at the Hunt Club meeting; Wandawerth, who gavelTlorrie 3 lbs. and & beating in Tattersall's Valley Handicap, must hold Lurline eafe at 8 st. 10 lbs. each, and I fancy Wandsworth for this event. Felix should win the HurdleRaca, even at 13st., and next to him I like Rocket at 9 Bt. S lbs. The Railway plate looks like a good thing at present for Wanda worth, Alma, or Edna. If the Brisbane contingent fail to visit Too woomba the district entries are sufficiently numerous to ensure fairly interesting racing. Lurline always runs -vsell on her own dunghill, and if Foreman is as well as when he followed Abacus home at Ipswich, M'GUl's colt having the worst of the' weights, he should take a lot of beating, and the double looks a good thing for the all blue. Waverley reads well for the Yacy Plate, and if he goes for it Honest Ned ought to win the Shorts, ;even under his 10 Bt , but he may not go up, and in hia absence I like M.P. and Safe Home, the latter a three-year-oU filly by Robinson Oiueoe— Moid Marian! The three-year-olds, Cornflower and Levant have rather the besl of the weights with the two-year-olds in the Nursery, but both have run, and run badly, while the youngsters are dirk, and may be flyers. Carnation, by Epigram— Astarte, and Refund by Newbold — Lady Baldwin, have the pull of the others on the score of pedigree, and the beat of theeo two, and Cornflower should supply the winner. Cornflower was' thought highly of before the Derby, for which he was scratched, but hia olaBS is probably '. good, and his pedigree quite unexoeptionable-p Wheatmeat— Rose of Viotoria by Angler Rose de Florence (imported) by the Flying Dutchman. If Warden were well he would win the Welter, otherwise the raoe is an open one; but Barmaid, who ran respectably at Efk in November, ought to take some beating. Sandgate races will be largely attended, and .if ij were not for tho treble or quadruple olash ''in'g, 'for Caboolture; as well as IpBwioh and Tbowoombaraceonthe Sandgate day, big fields and good racing might be safely predioted. Until we know where owners intend to go it is hard to say how the fields will be made up, and diffioult and rieky to pick winners. For the Shorts, Ascot, Mark Tapley, Megaphone, and Phantasm read well, and the best of the four are, perhaps, Mark Tapley and Megaphone. For the Sandgato Handicap, Boori, Edna, and Bowler, take tho eye, and in the Welter, Enid, Optima, Cnlloden, and Pippo. — Fry's pair for choice. ' Sa-So,' in the 'JL'ownsvillle Bnlhtin, speaking of RoBebank's viotory in Tatteraall's Cup, deeotibes it aa a very easy one, not calling for any special effort on \Iark Ryan's part ; the fact is that the victory waa only achieved after a desperate race up the straight and was duo in great measure to Mark's coolneEB in finishing. A leas wideawukeprac tieedhand would have been beaten b; KingOlaf, who came home wide on tho tan, and must have wop had be kept straight, as the result of the Australian Plate seems to show, for tho colt, instead of lying nearly last all the way as in the cup, was always amocg the headers, and never gave Roeebank the ghost of a show, and it would have' been all the same had the cup ' winner carried no penalty. ' The northern racehorse Gambler, recently Bold by H. L. Black to Adams, of Maitland, New South Wales, died of inflammation shortly after reaching his new home. He won a good many raceB at Mackay, and was by Golds- ' borough. Another obituary notice ia that of the good locking blaok colt Watermelon, aliia CreBS bourne, by Melbourne — Watercress, 3 years. He had been struck ont of the St. L?ger. W. Mooney has told Yabba to M. Quirk; price not transpired. The old ohoatnut has been unluoky sinoe W. M. purchased him, and on tho - whole a roOBt disappointing horse. He would run badly time. after time, and just when if seemed a fair thing for the weight to come off him in lumps he would show us something in '' publio that made, him ont dangerous in; any ' Queensland company, and back he went to hia old pedestal again in the next half dozen handi caps. 1 Ralston arrived safely in Townsville from Brisbane last week, but he haB a decided leg, say a ' 80-S0,' and it will be sometime before he races again. -: ' Entries for the Townsvillo Sapling Stakes of 1890, ior then and now two -y oar- olds, olosed on Xhureday, bnt I have not seen the list. Miserable entries for Gooktown ; five for the Jookey Olub handicap, and three each for the two minor ones. Mr. W. Gannon has sold Arsenal, the Mel bourne Cup winner in 1886, to Mr. W. Field, of Enfield, Tasmania. The Bon of Powder,' who baa been nominated for both the Oarriok and Longford Plates, will be taken to Mel-' bourne first, and thence by steamer to Tas mania. It ia intended to send Arsenal to stud very ahortly. . '; ' - The! committee of -the Viotoria Racing Club 1 are determined to puvh the interests of Aus- ?? tralian horse racing. In addition' to tho added ' ' money for tho Melbourne Cup, the olub has. in contemplation . an inoroaso in the' Btak.es for ? ''-? several other important events during: the year. ? It is intended to publish the. conditions ; of - the'' -' ' Cup in the European and American1 Press,' ai -????? ?- Boon aa possible, with the vhjv, of i inducing n-,-; 'entries fiom abroad. , \\\ /, t~ ' ;'z:KT*'U-';i ' ?? Sharp : 'Just give that messenger call a 'whirl, will youP'.Olerk: , ''Yoa^Buv1;: What 'shall I tell the.boy ?when,htf; bbn\eAE'fi.V.8Karj-i: .1- '.' ? ' Send him-arDDndaovthWtelephonet.toffldb1 to f' -'? '? iiotify.'Jhe.i&tJiat; I-V764Vitonio the .tsilepaone.'.? ?«/-. ' :Mra. Coldtea : '(Wernustiplaiu au extra fiae'^ ^ dinner,, for tb.mbrrow.!/i It ;ia Mri'-CoMtea'a- ? 'birthday. Letme Beo.'^-What shall we have'i(' for tho piece-do-reaistanoe?'~Ne,w boarder: ,',Why not have the uiual-pieoe'idb- residtanQo t,~ihe steak?' ??? ? _^!.u i'.'.^siii! air. -.-? - ??-:?.'.:?;;? ?? V 'y The email toy ia'a'to'rrOT'when-heKas'Bnii'.'-^ '?'; quiring; mind ^Suoh a -boy Btrollid'intojai^,''1'',! editor's room' the othor' day, and at 'dn'ce'proi '' J ' ' 'ceeded to down the patient' n\an at the desk. :'Atoyou on, the paper ?','-.'?' Write for it,V 1 ? ' Write all 'tbo time ?5' 'Tea1.*' ' '-'Don't d(v'; ';'! '?':, anythine eluoF'Y '%No.' ' . . ' Just wait' for ' '? lomebody eleo todo BomotHuipfi and then write abput it f' ? 'Yes.' ' Urn \'. ej3oulatad.thp . v ' tm'nH boy, 'with a' look of doop dieguat, a'she ?! ' walked off. The toiler at the deals did isbt' lauph. Never before had ho felt bo smal! and mean. Ho had been made to see hiniBolf fronV a now and original point of view. 