VANISHED EMINENCES. ; . (from the 'daily news, ) "Let us sit upon tho ground and toll Bad stories of the death of kings," says one of Shnkspearo's characters. Tho invitation is appropriate to tho day, though not so appropriate as in tho time of Richard III. Though' monarchs ' havo sufforcd violent deaths sinco then, it has not been - tbo rulothnt thoy should bo deposed, or " slain in war," or " haunted by tho ghosts t.hoy havo de posed,", or "poisoned by thoir wives, somo sleeping killed, all murdered." As for royal suicide, it has in recent times becomo compara- tively rare. A savage monarch whom wo worsted nt Magdnla blew out liis brnins in tlio agony of his misfortuno. In this respect King Theodore unconsciously displayed the spirit of Frederick the Great, who carried about with him in the Seven Years' War a pill which would if necessary, justify his boast that ho would never be taken alive. His luck, however, was better than, that of tho ill-fnted King of Abyssinia. Nearly two years' ago the King of Bavaria voluntarily sought oblivion in the Lako of Sternberg. Of his insanity there was even less doubt than thero lias been of that of other princes ivho have trifled with lives that were not their own. Prince Rudolph's doath by his own liund'is as mysterious as it is necessarily sudden. It has been observed by Buckle and others that military!mon commit suicide oftener than other classes. : Certainly thero has been some little suicide among Continental officoru lately. That in the cold law of averages a royal victim should be counted in would probably not have sur prised tho author of the History of Civilisation. Theseneation of shock that has unqacstiounbly been caused by the Archduke's death is, of course, duo ill great degree to the eminent posi tion lie filled. His was necessarily a -conspicu ous figure, since, apart from any individuality of its own, it was that of tho apparent hoir to tho Austrian throne. When such 'men so suddenly disappear it is as if tho familiar features of some landscape -had beon obliterated by volcanic agoncy. - Thoy aro vanished emiuences. Our awe at their precipitous disappoaranco is partly duo to that, and partly to our helpless specula- tions as to what may be tho consequences, or as to what other alterations in tho earth's surface will surprise us next. Wo have had many such surprises lately. Although tho Emporor Frede rick's doath from cancer so soon after his father died was in the end quito anticipated, the first rovolntion of tho prospect of that death was distinctly one of thoso surprises. Moro akin to tho event of this week was tho Prince Imporial'B death, not in the nature of its violence, of courso, but in the facts that ho did die by violence, aiid that tho uows came upon every body with appalling suddenness, and that in hiin wore centred the hopes of a dynasty. That event again recalls the death, by a fall from his! carriage, of Louis Philippe's son, the Duke of pricaiiB, in 1842. Though, unlike thoso two princes, the Duk.e. of Albany was neither heir nor pretender, Ills death also produced -by its suddonnos's the same peculiar sousution or shock, intensified in this country by tho nearness of his relationship to our Quoen, and by tho respect and confidence ho had inspired in the people by his well spent lifo. Hardly loss sudden tlian in nil these cases was tho' blank caused by the doath of tho Prince Consort. " It may therefore bo mentioned among tlio painful surpriso which in our limes death has sprung upon us. The Pcincoss Alice's doath ranks with all of these in tragic interest and above most of tliem in pathos. Napoleon the Third's disap pearance from tho mnp of Europo practically oecured at Sedan. That surrender took away tho breath perhaps more than any oveut which can bo recallod in modern rominiscence. His death, as has beon somewhero said, wns after this but an onti-climnx. The Bud fata in Mexico of Prince Rudolph's uncle, _ tho Emporor Maximilian, is litikod in nsBOciation with the un fortunate.- Napoloonio name. Of modern as sassinations none equals in daring and horror, or' in its1 paralysing effect upon the civilised world, the murder of tho Czar Alexander II. If tho'sudden vanishing of ominonce, duo to rank, be impressive, as woll proved by tho public reception of the events in our times above recalled, it is certainly no. loss startling wlinn men eminent by their own merits aro roriibved at a blow. The names of two Presidents of tho United States who. have succumbed to the yioleric'p of the assassin within tho memory of the pfeaont generation will at once leap to the feader's nrind, as woll aB that of our own .Indian Viceroy, Lord Mayo,, and of that hrjtvo English generkl. thq liqro .of Lusknow, Jyvlio, though lie did riot (lie ,l>y the assassin's hand, was almost Jis suddonly lost to his country. Sir Robert Peel's death ivas . liko -those to whioh wo havo referred in the .sense of suddon . void which it created-: and in this country at least tho fate whioh - in a similar way overtook Bishop VVilborforce niado a profound sensation. Those are soriio of tho conspicuous figures suddenly re moved in recent times. Others will occur to tho memory of individual roadors. If we include among . our vanished . eminences all who havo had tho eyes of tho world turned for tho moment upon them, tho name of Lord Frederick Caveridish will not be forgotten. His violent end mode the publio hold-tneir -broatk as much os'ariy of fho sad ovo'rits here recorded. Nor oan It evor bo forgotten jn .the lives of the present generation, how the - world - in thrill suspense awaited the : issue of that -wonderful Nile ex- pedition, whioh came within touch of Khartoum only to hear of tho noble death of the gallant hero Gordon. 