Current News. BY TELEGRAPH AND OTHERWISE. His Excellency Sir Arthur Palmer, acting Governor, left at 3.10 p.m. on Thursday by special train for Southport. We understand that the site for the Croydon railway station as shown on the original survey has been definitely adopted. 1 Mr. Theo. Lenneberg has presented the committee of the Pimpama School of Arts with a cheque for £20 towards clearing off the debt on the new library. A supplement to the " Government Gazette," issued on Wednesday, contains a complete list of the medical practitioners registered under the Medical Act of 1867 now resident in Queens land. Inspector Britton, under date Blackall, 27th Deoember, wired:—" Constable Stopleton wires from Isisford that Patrick Murphy died snd denly on the previous night on the veranda of the Westward Ho Hotel." Instructions were issued by the Minister for Lands on Saturday morning to mark out all sites suitable for townships on the Caims-Herberton Railway, and in order to induce settlement all available land along this Use is to be thrown ©pen for selection. Sub-inspector Carr wired the CommiMioner for Police from Winton under Wednesday's date thus -.—James Collins, a labourer, was found dead four miles from Mm Mm Hotel, on Boulia-road, on Thursday last. Deceased is supposed to have perished from thirst. An inquiry will be held. The following figures show the correspon dence dealt with at the General Post Office during the Christmas holidays:—Posted: 29,783 letters, 21,884 packets, and 68,309 newspapers. Revived: 46,358 letters, 17,649 packets, and 37,*W newspapers. Despatched: 54,857 letters,: 18,018 packets, and 74,022 newspapers. The following were adjudicated insolvent on Wednesday, on their own petition, before Mr. Justice Harding:—John Johnston, of Bunda- berg, storekeeper ; Henry Blaxill, of Brisbane, master mariner: Andrew Spink and Edward George Cribb, Kelvin Grove, bakers; James Banfield, of Brisbane, bootmaker; Wm. Wakerley, of Mowbraytowfe East Brisbane, joiner; Sydney Phillips, of Brisbane, commis sion agent. A correspondent states that Mr. John Potts, the anti-Chinese lecturer, delivered an address to a large publlo meeting in Laidley on the last night of the year, on " Australian Federation." He earnestly advocated the formation of a great patriotic party through out Australia for the single purpose of achieving the unity of the several colonies. His remarks were well received. Mr. J. Summers presided and introduced the speaker in a pithy and interesting speech. Among the visitors to Brisbane that have lately arrived from the sister colonies is Cap tain Bennett, who commanded the New Zealand Naval Contingent when engaged in active service during the Maori troubles, and who afterwards orMtttftdlhe New Zealand Soudan Contingent. • OftpfahP Bennett appears most favourably.impressed, with the present ap pearance of Queensland and its prospects as compared to the other colonies. A telegram was received by Mr. George Harris from Melbourne on Wednesday announcing the death at 2 o'clock that morning of Mrs. Donald Wallace, a lady well known in Brisbane. Mr*. Wallace was the' youngest daughter of ■ the late, Mr. George Thorne, of Ipswich,. and sister of Mrs. George Harris. She had been ill for a few weeks, but it was not supposed her illness was of a serious nature, ana the news of her death has caused quite a shock to her many friends here. The new packet and postal cards regulations between Queensland and Great Britain came into operation on Tuesday. The postal cards issued are at 2d. by the direct route, and 3d. vid Brindisi or Naples. The former are printed in blue ink, the latter in violet. The design is very neat, and the cards are of a reduced size so as to meet the requirements of the postal con tracts, which are charged at per pound weight. The future issue of the Id. post cards will be of the same size as those for the United King dom, and in the same colour as at present. The Commissioner of Police has received the following wire from Inspector Islay, under date Townsville, 3rd instant:—" Sub-inspector Meldrum reports that the body of a Cingalese named Peter was found yesterday morning near a creek two miles from Charters Towers. The skull was fractured in several places, pro bably by a blunt instrument. Two Cingalese, named respectively Daniel Silver and Dan, were arrested on suspicion. Another supposed to be implicated has not yet been arrested." A very pleasing event took place at Mr. Schwarz's store, Dugandan, on the evening of 24th December. Mr. V. O'Doherty, on behalf of the pupils of the Dugandan State school and their friends, presented the late master, Mr. H. Finter, with a handsome electroplated cruet and preserve jar. Mr. O'Doherty, in making the presentation, said the pleasing ceremony he was called upon to perform testified to the good feeling which had existed between Mr. Finter and the parents of the school children. Mr. Finter, in responding, said he should always value the present very highly, and it would be a reminder of the many pleasant hours he had spent at Dugandan. A telegram from Melbourne says that Professor Bartholomew had a perilous descent with a parachute on Saturday afternoon. He asoended to a height variously estimated at from 2000 ft. to 4000 ft., and then disconnected the parachute from the .balloon, and descended at what seemed to be terrible speed. The parachute expanded, but still he continued to drop very fast, and fell on to the roof of a shed near the Buck's Head Hotel in the heart of the city. His legs struck the edge of the roof and were very badly out, the bone of the left leg below the knee being injured. It was some little time before he could be got into a conveyance and removed to the hospital, where his wounds were dressed. The injuries will necessitate his retirement for ■ome time. Tke nnawons friends of Mr. Simon Fraser, who was taken ill suddenly on Christmas Eve, will be clad to learn that there was a decided change for the better on Tuesday morning. During the week ended 29th December 170 saloon and 142 steerage passengers arrived in Brisbane per steamers from the Southern colonies, and 195 saloon and 202 steerage pas sengers left for the South. Senior-constable King wired to the Commis- sioner for Polios, under date Gatton, 31st De oember, thus:—Young man named John Jackson accidentally fell from a building in course of erection this morning, and died a few minutes after. The following persons died in the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum during the week ending 29th December:—John Hasten Llewellen, late of Brisbane, aged 72 rears, of senile decay; Frederick Marone, late of Dalby, aged 82 years, of senile decay. The mMswww number of the Grammar School Magazine, published twice a year at Maryborough, has been sent us, and is particularly well printed and carefully edited, while the contents include several original articles which others besides schoolboys and schoolgirls will read with interest. We beg to gratefully acknowledge the receipt of " Christmas and New Tear greet ings" from the editors, staffs, and employees of the Qitetntland Ttmtt, Darling Downs Gauttt, Warwick Examiner , Wide Bay and Burnett N«ws, Morning Bulletin, Capricornian, and Daily Northern Argtu, and to reciprocate the kindly wishes of our country confreres. The directors of St. Ignatius' College, Sydney, have, sent us their list for the year 1888 of students who have passed at the university; of the prize-takers and other members of the various classes, and of those also who have distinguished themselVer tn rifle- shooting and in athletic sports/ The little book is well got up, and will be intsKfsi* ing to a wide circle, not only now bub, perhaps, still more in years to come. The following memorandum from Mr. Squier, Australian representative of the Eastern Ex- tension Telegraph Company, has been for warded to us by the Telegraph Department :— " The Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company's steamship Seine left London on the 81st Deoember with the Java and West Aus tralian cable. The cable is 970 nautical miles in length, and is of the most improved form. It is expected that this oable will be laid and working by the end of next month/ We have received the December number of The Dawn, "A Journal for Australian Women," edited by Dora Falconer, and pub- lished in Sydney. The articles on "Office Boys" and on " Kindergartens" are thought fully written and interesting, and the contents generally are of a pleasing sort. The advertise ment element is allowed to be somewhat obtrusive, but probably as financial suooess becomes assured to the little paper this defect will disappear. The venture has our best wishes. We have to thank the editors of Onr Golden Day for a copy of their little magazine which is a record for the past year of St. Joseph's College, the school conducted by the Marist Brothers at Hunter's Hill, Sydney, N.S.W. The students appear to have been very success ful indeed at the various university examina tions and also to have distinguished themselves in athletic contests with other schools, and, judjtag by the evident pride and affection with which the youthful editors write con cerning their school and preceptors, it is easy to see that the young folks who are being educated at St. Joseph's have a happy home. The " Young Ladies' Journal" for Deoember consists of two, instead of one, of the well known blue-covered "numbers," and the stories in both are most readable and interest ing. In "Somebody Else" the author has devised an entirely original "situation" and one which.any astute playwright who might chance to read the story would probably lose no time in making his own. The illustrations of needlework and of dress are, as usual, both varied and practical, while among the various supplements—seven in all—bestowed on the buyer is one disclosing the whole science and art of palmistry, a subject which is interesting to everyone with a touch of superstition. Since the fire at Messrs. D. L. Brown's premises in Eagle-street no time has been lost in preparing plans for a new building and getting the work of re-erection underway. On Saturday last Mr. W. M'Callum Park's tender for the building was accepted, and he will oommence work at once. All the walls now standing will be pulled down, and a structure of a totally different design will be erected on the site. It will consist of basement, ground, first, second, and third floors—being one story higher than the old one—covering an area of 132 ft. z 170 ft It will be in four fireproof sections, and the plans show a building of an imposing appearance. Mr. Park's tender is £24,187, without the ironwork, and the build ing is to >c completed in eleven months. The ironwork forms a separate contract, and will be obtained from England. Mr. F. D. G. Stanley is the architect for the work. Messrs. Chaffey Bros., the promoters of the irrigation colonies in Victoria and South Aus- tralia, have for some time been in communica- tion with the Minister for Lands on the sub- jeot of establishing one of these colonies in Queensland. Mr. Black has invited one of the Messrs. Chaffey to come to Queensland to look over the various localities where it is deemed irrigation works might be curried out. Mr. Cureton, one of the directors of Chaffey Bros., Limited, and who was as sociated with the firm in their colony at Los Angeles, California, vujted Queensland some years ago and travelled all through the country which is at all fairly watered, and he considers that there is no sufficient water supply in country suitable for irrigation. Should a oolony be established in Queensland the water supply would have to be drawn from gigantio reservoirs. The firm would require from 200,000 to 300,000 acres of land. Mr. Black has received an invitation to visit Mildura, the Victorian irrigation oolony, which owing to pres sure of official business he finds it impossible to accept. It is probable that one of the Ohaffey Bros, or Mr. Cureton will come to Queensland shortly to discuss matters fully. Inspector Douglas wires the Commissioner for Folk* from Croydoa, under Wednesday's date:—"A man named Joseph White, agwd 24, a striker by trade, died from heat apoplexy yesterday." Probate has been granted by the Supreme Court to Henry Palmer Abbott, of Brisbane, bank manager, m the will of the late Reginald Henry Buttanshaw, of Cooktown, polioe-magistrate, the personalty being stated at £19,300. The members of the Federal Council are summoned by proclamation, published in the "Government Gazette" extraordinary issued on Saturday, to meet at Hobart for the despatch of business on the 29th of January, instead of the 28th, as stated in our last issue. On the last trip of the A.U.B.N. Company's steamer Victoria from Cooktown to Brisbane, the saloon passengers presented her commander, Captain J. £. Munroe, with an address and a purse of sovereigns as a token, of their appre ciation of the unvarying courtesy and kindness they had experienced at his hands. A telegram from Sub- inspector Carr to the Commissioner for Police, under Wednesday's date, reports yet one more death out West from the effects of strong driak. The telegram states that Richard Craig died suddenly from the effects of drink sixteen miles from Winton on Warrnambool Downs-road on the 30th December. No suspicious circumstances. An inquiry will be held. A fatal acoident happened at White's Hill, Coorparoo, on Saturday, which resulted in the death of one of Mr. Robert White's sons, aged 10 months. It appears that his brothers and sisters were playing about and rolling logs down the hill, when one of them accidentally rolled over the baby's head and crushed it. Dr. Kebbell was called in, but the poor little fellow died before he arrived, the cause of death being concussion with probable laceration of the brain. We have to acknowledge the receipt of the Australasiau Uuited Steam Navigation Com pany's pocket guide for January, 1889. It is very neatly got up, and contains a quantity of valuable information concerning the company's services and the Government railways of Queensland, New South Wales, and Victoria. It also contains a diary and memoranda for January, Australian notable events, a calendar for 1889, &c;, and will be found exceedingly useful. A correspondent at Toowoomba wires as follows:—" The Chronicle on the 22nd instant having published an article reflecting on the management of the Grammar School, Mr. Boyd, the head master, being nettled at the trustees not repudiating the statements made, resigned. The trustees, at a meeting held on Saturday, unanimously refused to accept the resignation, and the chairman was deputed to express to Mr. Boyd their extreme regret at the article and their unshaken confidence in him. After consideration Mr. Boyd withdrew his resignation." The Minister for Lands has just had pre pared in manuscript a schedule of agricultural farms open to selection in the colony corrected up to date. In this are given the district, parish, number of portion, the area, annual rent per acre, purchasing price per acre, and the maximum area for selection. The schedule consists of ninety-nine foolscap pages, and should be of great assistance to those in search of agricultural farms. Persons wishing to con sult it can do so by applying to Mr. Thomas, of the selection branch, at the Lands Office. The sohedule is similar to the one published monthly of the grazing farms open to selection. Mr. C. 3. W. South, secretary to {he Hospital Saturday and Sunday Fund, fca&iipt; paid over the second instalment of th* mjmy received to the following institution*:—Bris- bane Hospital, £160; Children's Hospital, £41; Lady Bowen Hospital, £28. The first instalment, which was paid over some time since, wm as follows:—Brisbane Hospital, £705; Children's Hospital, £185; Lady Bowen Hospital, £120; making a total of £1239 for the two instalments. There are still fifty-nine lists out, and the secretary is very anxious to have these sent in without delay in order that the accounts may be adjusted. Last yea* the sums paid over to the hospital* amounted to £1123 os. sd. We have reoeived from the publishers, whose address is 118 Queen-street, Brisbane, copies of the " Year-Book of Queensland for 1889." The shilling addition contains a good map of the colony, calendars, statistics, tables of weights, measures, and coins, hints for the treatment of common ailments, the prize essay on " The Future Position of Australia among Nations," written by the Rev. H. T. Burgess, of South Australia; also tables showing the difference of time in Australia, and the fullest information concerning Government de partments and other matters of public interest. The sixpenny edition is without the map, and is somewhat smaller than the other. The Year-Book, in one form or another, is an in dispensable adjunct to every place of business in the colony. With a.view to adding to the convenience of the travelling public and increasing the facilities for the loading and discharging of cargo at night, the A.U.S.N. Company have determined to introduce the electric light to their larger vessels employed in the coasting trade, as well as to light their wharves in Bris bane by electricity. The Barcoo, it will be remembered, was originally fitted with the electric light. The, work in connection with the fitting up of the electric light in the steamers Cintra and Warregoia now practically finished, and it is intended to introduce it to the follow ing first-class vessels of the fleet—namely, the Bulimba, Maranoa, Rockton, Birksgate, and Quiraing. The Waroonga, which is now in Eng- land, will probably be supplied with the electric light before she comes out again. In the case of each of the vessels mentioned the light will be placed in the saloon and steerage passenger accommodation, the crew's quarters, and engine-room. The decks will also be brilliantly lit up, and special lights will be provided for the working of cargo at night. In Brisbane, both the Eagle • street and Mary - street wharves and the new offices of the company, whioh it is expected will be completed within the next'six months or so, will be lighted by electricity. The Premiec, the Hon. B. Dl Morehead, who has been on a visit to Dalveen for several days, returned to town last Wednesday night by the mail train. All the other Ministers returned to town that morning. The Post and Telegraph Department noti fie •:—The following message has been received from Adelaide: "Port Darwin line washed away near Beltana. Party endeavouring to restore communication. We hope to get it right to-night." Letters of administration hare been granted by the Supreme Court in the following estates: —Caroline Beer, Toowoomba—realty £100, to John Beer, of Toowoomba, tailor; Joseph Butters, labourer, South Brisbane— realty £180, personalty, £10, to Lucy Batters, South Brisbane, widow. A drayman named Richard Bunsworthe, 39 years of age, was taking a quantity of product along the Gympie-road near Caboolture las' Saturday morning, when the horses bolted and threw him off the dray, fracturing his left arm aboTe the elbow, and also dislocating the limb at the same joint. He was taken to the hospital. Following a custom Tery common in Russia, where New Tear's Day is the principal holiday of the year, the officers of the corvette Najezelnlk have sent us the subjoined tele gram for publication:—" The officers of the Russian man-of-war Najezelnik, send their congratulations to all their friends in Brisbane, and wish them the compliments of the season, and a happy new year.*' The Sisters of Charity in the Sydney metro politan district have iust celebrated the 50th anni versary of the landing of the first community of nuns in Australia. Over 100 sisters took part in the celebration at St. Vincent's Convent, the Cardinal presiding. Congratulatory gifts were received from all parts oi the colony and Europe, inoluding special presents from the Pope. One of the original five sisters who landed in Sydney fifty years ago is still living in Tas- mania, the Reverend Mother Williams, who is about 90 yean of age. The editor of the " Children's Hour," in the Mirror, a monthly magazine published in Sydney, is endeavouring to establish an Aus tralasian Dicky Bird Society, for the promotion among children of kindness and humanity towards animals. The English society, founded for the same purpose some years ago, is in ft moat flourishing condition, and numbers no fewer than 200,000 members. The several Australian Departments of Public Instruction are interesting themselves, it appears, in the proposed society. We sincerely hope that this most praiseworthy effort will meet with every success, and shall at all times rejoice to hear of its prosperity. Mr. Glassey. M.L.A., waited on the Commis- sioner for Railways yesterday week to ask that a piece of land, about one acre in extent, re sumed some time since by the Railway Depart- ment at Dinmore township, and now held as surplus property, might be granted for a State school site. Mr. Glassey pointed out that the land adjoined the railway reserve, and that there was a considerable population in the district, consisting principally, of miners and brickmakera. There were, 127 children of school age, but there was n6 convenient school accommodation, as although there were two school* in the district they were both about two miles and a half distant from the township. Mr. Curnow promised to consider the matter, and to lay it before the Minister for Railways. A cablegram some weeks ago (says the Atu traliak) brought the rather sensational news that his Holiness the Pope had received a sum of £5,000.000 in gold, sent as an offering by the Catholios of Australia and India. The sum, it appears, was five millions in gold—not pounds sterling, however, but lire. A lira is the same value as a franc, and 25 francs are very nearly equal to a pound sterling. The cable man, therefore, put the sum about twenty-five times greater than it was; bnt that is not a very great mistake—for a London cable agency. The following paragraph is from the Catholic Times:— " Father BalleripJ, director of the ♦Civilta Cattolica,' has pre sented to the Pope a sum of 5,000,000 lire in gold, sent as an offering to bis Holiness by the Catholics of Australia and India." The Geelong Grammar School Quarterly is the proud possessor of a bard—of several bards it may be, for the various little poems scattered through the pages of the small volume with the big name are all anonymous. Disposing of the remainder of the contents with the brief assurance that they are well up to the average standard of school-magazine literature and are interesting reading for all who care for the welfare of those who will be the men of the twentieth century, we proceed to levy toll on the bard abovementioned in the following extract:— A DftKAM OF THF. CIIRJSTHAB EXAM. I had a dream that wu not all a dream— For to my mournful eyes Arose the Sixth, at work with fullest steam At x'm and at y's. Rooms did they paper, Turkish funds they bought^ docks' hands they pondered o*er— •'' •» How many hoars how many oxen wrought— - ■• m These things oppressed then sore. __^__--_a_ Tea, melancholy visions rote aloft y^^\jJoOJU Or Second ioriats grim, /^&*2-*"""" ** -» And Negative Result, at which irt scMKa, Soared up-a phantom dim./ „ / . Then rose the ghost of Virgil, •id"hc\cried-y Jft Ji| ; "Oh, monsters of Oeelong! \vOK Bead you the Magic Poet to derid«;/>>--^_ That thus you change my song XV ? p^-;.—. % " And Cicero, the consul, sweptiKs robe Vv»*l_U__J And said, with voice of scotfe " The boy to do me justice oa tau globe Has nev«r yet been born V?\ • . 