THE G/KLEi\VeBOY 4® i hi — We've got no work to do-o-o ; No " shops " and not a sou-u-u. The crowds from home Cause us to roam ; : That's Avhy we look so blu-u-u. 'Eard that sort of talk a3 I was a-sellin' the mornin's at the Point t'other day. Monday't was. Tliere Avas a bloomin' lot on 'em frozeu liouts a-standiri' there just about ghost-walkin' time ; but their trouble was as 'ow there wasn't no ghost a-moonin' -round a-lookin' for 'em. Thought they did look a little bit waterin' about the mouth when they se'ed some .coves a-goin' \- SAvagger kind' to get their sugar. ' 'Speck j -Jack, it's a blue look hout for a lot on 'em, and it's a bit puzzlin' to tumble to 'oav they ekes hout an existence. Father Avas tippin' us a tale — no fairy one— 'bout a young cove as 'as 'ad one or tivo good sIioavs who 'asn't done nothink for three months, and Avho . ain't likely to do any think for as long again. 'E ain't a millionaire, and 'e don't look as 'oav 'e hung hout at- No. 2 boiler, Queen's Wharf, neither. 'Ow does 'e manage to get along ? Gives it Imp ? So does I. Talkin' some on 'em about gettin' hup an Actors' Union. What Avould it- do, anyhoiv ? 'Ad one in London, father says, and it got dead beat in ho time. 'Ere's an idea, Jack. Lot's on, 'em- restin' coves are certain they could knock everythink in London and at 'ome into a cocked 'at-. Well, then, if the 'ome croivds are chuckin' 'em, AA'liy don't they go to London and chuck the boys tljere. Give 'em a. Roland for their Holiver. That'd -settle it in one hact ! But there's no doubt, J ack, the turn things theatri cal. liaAre been takin' 'ere of late is a matter .-"which is serious -in more aspects than one, for lots of people. Money ain't plentiful with managers just as -it ain't:' cliockin' up the pockets of the boys. Fact they were a-Avisperin' as 'ow one crowd didn't touch the brass till Tuesday night. Bad biz. that. There .'ave been tivo changes of bills this iveek, Jack, as you knoAV. Fancy as 'oav a lot of people were a wee bit anxious to see Avliat the Miln's would do with "Romeo and Juliet." Didn't take long to reckon it hup, I guess. Could bet' my boots— no not 'em ; my Sunday ones — that Miln didn't at all fancy hisself as the young masher cove as goes a-huggin' tarts on the \\-erandah afore they rolls in for the night. 'Es a bit too 'eavy weight for it, and 'is voice ain't soft- sauderin' enough for it. The Jordan tart ain't at all my kidney for foolin' around; speelin' up Avails after, and 'avin' tell me as I'm the only bloke for 'er money. It's a 'ard, angular/ crude, uiispmpathetic performance, and that continuous shouting of a thin, reedy voice grates on the ear just as the Yankee twang annoys it. The only little bit of any think like real jam Avas Douglas' Mercutio. T'others Avere a bit brokeu-Avinded or gone at the knees. One of our oavii boys 'ad a show Wednesday night, and I 'ad my usual just to see 'oav Greenaway would . shape as Romeo. 'Es an 'ard grafter, but 'e's 'ad too little experience to get a't the part with anythink like thoroughness. Don't 'e look' the character, though ?. Rather ! And mind you, Jack, this canter as a colt Avill let him and us knoAV his height and depth. Miln Avas lengths ahead of - anybody as Mercutio.- Say, Jack, 'e Avas doAvnright capital, and you could' folio av 'im Avith a lot of pleasure. But Avhy in the name of all that's wonderful— Miln — did 'e tip us that there speech ? Was a mistake, and only roused a few frozen liouts in On the nod. Wasn't the pat-on- the-baok-good-boy biz. with' Greenaway good ? 'E 'ad a go at the firm about their bringing out people, which was injudicious, seein' as 'ow, if 'e's goin' to keep 'is Avord, .'e'U 'ave to be obliged to 'em for the loan of Ada Ward, if she'll consent to go.- 'E said as 'ow if "Richard III", aiid "Hamlet" didn't run up to Christmas, 'e 'ad another piece on 'and. Guess this is Travers Vale's " The Cannon's Mouth." Then " Macbeth " is to be 'is 'oliday show. Riggs ought to be jolly Avell pleased with 'is spell at the Royal. 'E's knocked 'em ail out of their reckonin' by his success, and -'e ought to do rattlin' well right up to the pantomiine. They 'ave been a-goin' for " The Octoroon" this week, but theyVe only been a-doin' it middlin' kind. There .ain't much for Riggs to do as the old nig, and the others can't set up a-croAvin' loud about aa'hat they. done. ., Father ; says that there was a big meetin' ."of Riggs pals, at ? the Oriental Thursday, and. they, arranged to give him a complimentary fareAvell ben. They ap pointed a rattlin' fine committee/ and - you take my word- for it, Jack, Grattan-'l. 'aA'e a whopper of a ben, on Friday. . - 'E appears Saturday (to-night) .in his oAAffi Shin Fane." ' s' -Won't there be arouser of a 'ouse at the Princess' on Saturday (to-night) ? Rather ! The first time the" new Guv'nor visits the play. There's somethiffi right like in 'is goin' to see another Hearl — "Little Lord Fauntleroy." Seed the- cove Wotlierspoon shapinr around prodigous gettin' - things ready for tlie event-, and 'Arry Edwards is a-clutchin' ' at that black bag with more energy than ever all on account of the affair.' Both the kiddies appear;, and they are to give- ns all sometliink -to remember the night. After " Fauntleroy" we'll 'ave the opera for a short time. . - . " ' 1 - : \- She's come again more pleasant nofcesto lend us; And with.tlie boys her Aveleoine Avas.Tree-men-dbus ! All my own an' no cribbin'. Yes,- Jack, " the airy,.- fairy. .Lilian, £ of that ilk holds soprano' sway at the- Alexandra, and The Sultan" benefits accordin'. The Tree is once more, in full foliage and gladdens the eye- with its freshness,. as the rustle of: the A'ocal leaves delight the ear. 'Ow's that for 'igh ? That's the result of studyin' at the Try'cior class. The . tart Graupner is 'avin' a rest ; and she ivanted it badly. Next Ayeek they put up' M ar tha, " then "Maritana,"' after that "The Beggar Student" is to be revived. Tree and Bracey are to have bens., before the end of . the season, which 'appens night afore Xmas. Say as 'ow the firm pay .£1000 a year for the right- ' of playin' the Gilbert and SulliAran's. operas in, Austra lia. All; the neAV ones is theirs, Dampier's makin' the best of 'is 'oliday. Don't knoAV 'oav often I've seed 'im a-comin' out of one of. the- shows. And 'e liasquite a load to lug. The missus on one arm, Lily on t'other, and Rose 'oldin' oil some-- 'oav somew'ere. Alius. does my leArel best to get a good waggonette,, for 'im, you bet. 'Cause ; I likes ' our- Halfred, I does. 'E's.got -is 'angei-s out around the: suburbs announcin 'is rc-openin' on Boxin' night-. The neiv local play 'e's completed Avill be called' " This Great City," and 'e is a-peggin' in at 'is version of " Robbery Under Arms. " So father was a-hearin', The real, live heroine of the story— the Avife 'us did- the two 'uiidred mile ride to saire 'er 'usband Avhen their shanty Avas - stuck; up— is a-movin' in upper suckles in city 'ere. . She's a tall, straight-backed,, determined-like lady. \- Latest is Jack that Frank Thornton plays 'is, fare- AA-ell 'fore goin' 'ome at the Alexandra soon after Heaster,. and that old Harivood .is positively , to take leave of the stage at the same 'ouse. Jimmie MacMahoh is back from Sydney and llP' to some biz you bet. t 'Arry Lyons and; Charlie MacMahon are 'to run a Circus over in Tasmania shortly. , The Cogill's are not to be; in the Royal Panto. , but- Jimmie Stephenson is.. ; , They are a-givin' good sIioavs at the Vic. and St.- George's, and the Museum is a draAAdn'. Thems ray sentiments and — as I'm a-goin 'ome- if ye don't like 'em ye can lump 'em. ! ; ; — 1 