A UST1ALIAN DEFERKCES In his report to the Victorian Govern ment, Mljor- General Edwards has fulls explained his views regarding the pro posed organication of the military forces of the Australian colonies. Briefly sum I:atised his proposals are :-1. Ilederation of the forces. 2. 2An oficcr of the rank of Lioutenant-General to be appointed p to advise and inspect in peace, and sommand in war. 3. A uniform system of organisa tion and armament, and a common Defence Act. 4. Amalgamation of tho,permanent forces into a " fortress corps." 5. A. federal military college for the education of the officers. G. The extension of rifle clubs. 7. A uniform gauge for the rail. ways. 8. A federal small-arm manufac tory, gun wharf, and ordnance store. IZ the Anstralian colonies had to rely at any time solely on their own resources, they woold offer such a rich and tempting prize that they would certainly be called upon to fight for their independence, and isolated as Australia would be, without a proper supply of arms and ammuni tion, with forces which cannot at present be considered efllciont in companison with any moderately trained army, and without any cohesion or power of sombination fa? mutual defence am ngst the different colonies, its position would be one of great dnager. Looking to the state of affairs ir Europe, and to the fact that it is the unforeseen which happensin war,the de fence forces should at once be placed on a proper footing; but this is, however, quite impossible without a federation of the forces of the different colonies, On apeace footing, the intercolonial brigade he sug gests wiould be composed of about 2000 men. When mobilised for war, this brigade could be quickly olpanded to 3000 men, and, a reasonable time being allowed, even to as much as 000omen of all arms. The forces of Queensland and South Australla can readily supply a brigade each i and, calculated on the basis of popu lation, New South Wales and Vio torit ought to supply three bri gades each, which would give eights brigades among the colonies. To do thi., however, Eew South Wales and Victoria world have to re organise their infantry, and increase their partially-paid forces. If they do not feel inclined to do this at the prevent moment, they can, in the first inutance, organiso their forces into two brigades, without additionial expenditure, leaving the third brigade to be established at an early data. Ieo regards the isolated position of Port Darwin and of Tastamna as a standing menace. The cable will car tainly be interfered with whilst we ar at war with a naval power, but if Port Darwin was protected by two or three guns and a esmall force, a fast steamer could shelter there, and be employed is keeping up eom munication through Singapore with the outside world. The interests of the whole continent therooroe demand that the rail ways to connect Port Darwin and Western Australia with the othercolonies should be made iss soon as possible. tMasjor.Oeneral Edwards does not blink the fact (soya the Ieolbourne Daily Telra Jrasph) that " ,ome additional expenditure' will be necessary to carry out his proposals but on this point he reminds us that, while England spclnd one-third of her revenue on d,.fence, and while even the United States of A amrica spends one-sixth of theirs, Australia does nob spend at pro cent more than one-fortieth. And he further decelaoe that "combined action foe defence would be more economical, and far more effective than thel present system of purely local defence." And really it needs no ghost to comen from the grave. nor major-generals from Ileng Kong, to convince us of that. 