WITHOUT LOVE OK LICENSE. A TALE OF SOUTH DEVON. Br HAWLEY SMART, Author of "Breezie JLangton." "Tha Master of Rathkelly," " Long Odds,'1 &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER III.-THE BANKER'S DAUGHTER, Mr. Sata Mercer was not wont to stay with, his family daring his brief visits to Exmouth. He invariably put np at the Beacon Hotel. He was fond of and on ex cellent terms with his parents, bat his business as a bookmaker left him bat little leisure either for writing or visiting, and it was no uncommon thing for months to elapse without any communication taking place between him and his people. He had been not a little surprised upon hear ing on his arrival at the Beacon that his father had taken the Old Dragon Inn. He had seen the old man dip into all sorts of eccentric speculations. He knew what a reticent man he was on all matters of business, but as Sam said, " the old 'an generally came out at the right end of the iiorn." What this new fad of his might ,mean Sam could form no Idea, and what ever his crafty parent's designs might be he knew him too well to suppose for one moment that they would be unfolded to him, Joe Mercer had a high opinion of his son's natural astuteness, he had also on a slight scale tested Sam's busi ness capabilies when he was a youngster, and when about twenty he fumbled him with a. modest capital and told him to start for himself, Sam elected to make his start in America, and it was there that he still farther culti vated a taste for horse*racing, with which he had always been bitten. With a shrewd head for figures he soon saw that there was money to be made at It, and was tolerably Buccegsfnl when out there. But if you mean to make money out of business you must go where business is, and Sam knew that for tiie professional racing man there was no country In the world like England. He accordingly returned there and en rolled himself amongBt the noisy fraternity of the " Ring." Strong, active, keen-witted, betting on strict mathemetical principles, and regard ing the horses as mere pawns upon the board, Sam steadily worked his way up wards ; he was soon well known as per fectly "straight," and acquiring a con siderable clientele. His father more than once advanced him money with which to extend his operations, and as Sam in due course repaid such loans he stood high in the old man's estimation. If not one of the leading magnates Sam Mercer was a thoroughly known man amidst the mem bers of the mystic circle, a favorite with moBt of them, and rather celebrated for the queer Americanisms with which he was apt to garnish his conversation. He had promised to take his sister to see the finish of the match, and next morning after an early breakfast Sam wended his way to the Dragon. There he was cor dially welcomed by his own people and introduced to a Mr. Brent, who, Sarah in formed him as they walked in the garden afterwards, was a stranger staying In the house, " though what he, father, or any one else can want to stay at tha Dragon for, beats me." ; " Never you mind the old 'an," re joined Sam, " his head Is screwed on the right way, I gueas, bub as for this Brent it Ib odd, unless he has come after you, Sallle." - " He takes no trouble to let me know it If he has," replied the girl with a toss of hsr head. " It's not likely I'd look at the likes of him." "He might think you good-looking, though you don't think him," replied her brother laughing. " But how do you like the move 9" " Oh, I don't mind it much," replied Sarah. " One house is pretty near' the same as another while we go on in this old pottering way. I want to go away and begin life afresh. Everybody says father has got money, and yet we go on just as we did when we were supposed to be poor." "Ah," said Sam, "you want to splurge about a bit, keep a carriage, and play the lady." The girl nodded. "I'm sick of tramp Ing up and down the Esplanade," she remarked. " I want a change of some sort." . "Never fear, a good-looking young woman like you will get that before long. Time we were tramping If we mean to see the finish of this match." On their way Into Exmouth Sam sud denly exclaimed-"Here's old Tootell; he is certain to stop us and ask where we're going." "He ought not to ask me," replied Sarah laughing, "for the last time he did I told him bluntly not in his direction. Now, Sam, that is one of the plagaes of keeping an Inn. That dreadful old man Is the torment of .our lives. We can't shut the door against him as we could before we turned innkeepers. You know what he is, and he is eternally prying about the Dragon. Comes to see how we are getting on, he says. What Mr. Brant is doing here puzzles you; as for Tootell, it causes him sleepless nights." But upon this occasion, strange to say, Mr. Tootell raised his hat and hurried past them.. Like many Idle men he passed a considerable portion of his time in look ing out of the window, and from that point of vantage hia attention had been attracted a few minutes previously by the appearance of Mr. Brent making his way to the very centre of the town. He had never Been Mr. Brent In Exmouth before. "What could he want there 2 Mr. Tootel was going np to the crlckeb ground, bub he considered that, If possible, to discover what had brought Mr. Brent Into Ex month was of paramonnt Importance. To know what his neighbors were doing and to ascertain who and what any stranger might be who turned up in the town or on its outskirts had become quite a disease with Mr. Tootell. Since his retirement from the "public" line he had been de prived of what was to him a source of un mitigated enjoyment. Mr. Tootell had a great belief in his own powers as a comic entertainer, and wbb wont to give sped- j men of his talents in that line to a few of his intlmateB in his own bar parlor. These performances were usually received wibh great enthusiam; his songs and reclfeatlons met with much applause, as is the case ?when the host is an entertainer In more wayB than one, and Tootell on such occa sions pushed the bowl about with the generous freedom of the postboys in the famous lyric, His exhibitions of the sea sons, in which his face was by turns sup posed to express, spring, summer, autumn, and winter, always brought down the house, and was the most extraordi nary exhibition of facile contorlon ever | seen. Some carping critic ibis true, had derisevely said that if Mr. Tootell would turn his attention to grinning through a horse collar hewouldbe sureof thetopprize in moBt country fairs. Be that as it may, the self-satisfied toneB in which he an nounced "laughing spring," "slum berous Bummer," "fitful autumn," and " boisterous winter," and then proceeded to facially illustrate them, was a sight always received with inextinguishable laughter. Mr. Tootell, Indeed, was much given to theatricals, and never lost an opportunity of displaying his histronic powers, and though people were unkind enough to say that whether he made up or whether he made faces he was always Tootell, and an Irredeemable stick, yet that was by no means Mr. Tootell's Idea of his own humor as a low comedian; it Is necessary to mention his passion for theatricals because this taste initiated him to some extent in the art of making up, and though he might perhaps fail In his own person, yet it Bhowed him how clever actors could disguise themselves by the aid of wigs and pigments, and this know» ledge, as we shall see, waB destined to in volve* Mr. Tootell In ah awkward predica ment, When he met Sam Mercer and his sister he had for the moment lost sight of Mr, Brent, and it was his anxiety to once more hold that gentleman in view that caused him to pass them so hurrldly. He very soon recovered the trail, and follow ing Brent at a wary distance saw him enter an ironmonger's shop. This circum stance would hardly have cost any man but Tootell a second thought, but that worthy muttering to himself;" Now whab can he want there ?" stopped on reaching the window and looked in. Brent was engaged In purchasing some few things apparently connected with the Innkeeplng trade, Buch as taps, funnels, &c.; Having obtained .these he put the parcel under his arm, and coming out of the shop pro ceeded to retrace his steps in the direction of the Dragcn. Mr. Tootell shook hi3 head and wended his way to the cricket ground immersed in a brown study. "Who was thia man Brent ? What was he staying at the Dragon for; and what the dickens did he want with taps, funnells, &c.;? " Bought 'em for old Joe Mercer, I s'posa; odd Joe didn't buy things like that for himself," and once more Mr. Tootell shook hiB head and proceeded in quest of information. Play waB In full swing when he arrived there, and the match in that interesting condition of being anyone's game. Ex mouth was just finishing their second innings, bub had not done quite so well as in their first essay, still for all that, what with having a score of runs In hand on the first innings they promised to put the Exeter men In for a very respectable total. A few minutes more and the last Exmoubh wicket haB fallen, and after the usual pause Exeter sets to work to make the 102 runs necessary to victory. It is almost needless to observe that Mr. Tootell was more absorbed In watching the doings of his neighbors than in watching the cricket. "Halloa," he mnttered to him self, " who's that young spark that Sallie Mercer has got hold of ? Handsome girl Sallie, but she must be getting on. Let me see, how old is she ?" Mr. Tootell was a peripatitlc chrinolo gical table, or as the young ladies of his acquaintance expressed it, "an old horror about dates." But his thoughts on Miss Mercer's age were dissipated by his running against a fellow gossip from Exeter something of his own kidney, and from him he immediately sought the in formation he wanted aboub Miss Mercer's cavalier. " That," returned the other, " that Is Mr. Hallaton, the young officer who made the great catch yesterday at Exeter. He ! he ! Seems a little caughb himself just now, don't he ?" " Ah, you've got quite a new lot'of officers this year at Exeter, haven't you 1 How do you do, Mr. Mercer ? We were just talking about the officers in Exeter, and you were saying, Mr. Wilson " That we have got. a very lively lob this time." "Throw their money about pretty freely, eh?" said Sam, "and keep the tamborine a-rolling. It must make a good deal of difference to the town. What sort have you got at the barracks ?" " Yes," replied Wilson, " sometimes they are a much more moneyed lot than others, and, of course, that makes a difference." " And those you've got there now are full of money ?" enquired Sam, " Just so," replied Wilson. " There's young Hallaton and two or three more of 'em must spend a deal of money one way and the other." Sam Mercer passed on with a careless nod and left the two old goBslpa to ex change. scandal at their leisure. Young Hallaton at all events had the reputation of being well off in the town where he was quartered, and this was a little bit of in formation that Mercer was glad to acquire, as he trusted to henceforth number young Hallaton amongsb his customers. Not that he had any sinister designs against that young gentleman, but if he was destined to lose his money over racing it might as well go into his (Sam Mercer's) pocket as any one else's, and he thought Fred Hallaton far too excitable a young man not to find the turf a very expensive pursuit before he was much older. Mr. Hallaton devoted himself pretty well to Miss Mercer nearly the entire afternoon, and Sarah was nothing loth to parade her admirer before the eyes of Ex mouth then and there assembled. In fact | \- when his innings came and he returned to the pavilion without making much addi tion to the score his bosom ally, Dicky Ohives, could not help chaffing him about his flirtation. " Look here, young man," said Dicky, " flirting Is all right and regular, but there are times and seasons for ib. You can't expect to play cricket and flirt a3 out rageously as you have been doing. You would never have muffed that ball if you had been cool and In your right mind. Of course you were thinking how you would astonish that handsome girl in whose pocket you have been sitting all the after noon and you did." "Shut up, Dicky," was the laughing rejoinder. " We all play a little too slow sometimes." "More especially when we are wool gathering as you . were," said "Chives. " Mark me, young fellow," he continued with mock solemnity, " your passion for petticoats will be your ruin." "There he goes again," soliloquised Dicky, as Fred ran up the stairs leading to the roof 60 shake hands with Miaa Syd ney. "He can't keep away from em," and with that Mr. ChiveB harried to the refreshment bar to calm his feelings. Dicky Chlvea was a well known man In the Boyal Artillery, and an athlete of no mean description. Usually captain of their cricket team wherever he was quar tered, and always engaged in boating and racquet-playing, shooting, or something of that description, he held curiously aloof from feminine society. Popular and well known amongst men, he was never seen In a ballroom, and when his brother officers thought to return hospitalities, they had received in that fashion, it was declared that Dicky, although ready enough to put his hand in his pocket, Invariably applied for three days' leave, until, to UBe hla own expression, " the shine was over." "Sorry for your bad luck personally, Mr. Hallaton," said May Sydney, as she shook hands, "but my sympathies, of course, are all for Exmouth. A moat in teresting match Three wickets to fall. Ah, no! there goes another and Exeter wants thirty-five runs to win yet." " And will never gee it," exclaimed the banker. " It will be close finish, but we shall just pull through. "I shall be broke," he continued, " if we don't. I've got a sovereign on Exmouth." "Weshall bring your heart in your mouth yet," rejoined Eallaton," Bmiling. " The last two wickets often give a deal of trouble." Fred's careless words came true In the present Instance, and Exeter crept up within thirteen runs of their opponents before their stumps were scattered for the laBt time, and Exmouth was left the victor by that amount. . "A capital match," exclaimed the banker; "and mind, Hallaton, you have premised to pay us a visit next week." " All right. I am not likely to forget Miss Sydney's commands and _ so say ing Fred raised his hat and rejoined his comrades. CHAPTER IV.-"THE CLD BALLROOM," " So you are off to-morrow, Sam," said MISB Mercer to her brother as he walked home with her after the cricket-match, " How I wkh I waB !" " Well, I guess you've no cause to com plain," he replied. "You had a pretty good time to day, anyhow» That young Hallaton was 'saloonlng' you about pretty well the whole afternoon. You seemed to take to him rather kindly." "1 should rather have said that he took kindly to me," retorted the girl laughing. "Yes, he is rather nice. I wonder whether he has got any money ? These officers, I've heard say, are seldom rich for all their laced jackets." " They have a good bit of money, some of them," replied the brother. " I know, because I had dealings with them. This young Hallaton Is well off, but It's not likely to matter much to you. No doubt he admires you, bijt a swell like him is not likely to come to the Dragon for a wife." " That's so like a brother," replied the girl pettishly. " l?m Bure I wish he had never come to the old tumble-down place. One hears Buch queer noises there at night, I declare If I believed in ghosts I should think it was haunted." "Queer noises," said Sam, "odd. "What sort of queer noises ?" "Oh, I don't know; the whole place creaks. It's only the window or rats, I Buppose." "I shall say good-bye to you here," said Sam, "I said It to the old folks this morning. Is there anything wrong with mother, by the way? She's got a worried" anxious look about her that she didn't used to have." "Nothing that I know of," rejoined the girl. " My fancy, perhaps," replied her brother, as he kissed her, and then turn ing . on his heel he strolled back to his hotel. Miss Mercer walked on towards the Dragon excessively pleased with herself and all the world. She had had a good looking young officer dangling at her side before the public nearly the whole of the afternoon; she was conscious of looking her best, and that her proceedings had been viewed by her friends with envy and all uncharltablenesB She smiled to herself as Bhe fancied she heard the expressions, 1'forward thing" and'"lookhow that Sallie Mercer 1B carrying on." Miss Mercer was no innocent girl In teens, but a young woman who knew the world. She might not be accomplished, but she was quick-witted as any of her family and less burdened with principle. She had no pitiable weakness for In stance about adhering to the truth if she considered a lie would serve her purpose better. Just the sort of woman whose fatal beauty lures men to their undoing. She threw her head up proudly as she thought of her brother's remark. "Not come to the Dragon for a wife, Indead," she muttered, "Sam don't know much about women, or he'd not talk foolish like that. There's plenty will come to the Dragon or anywhere else when Sallie Mercer lifts up her finger," and then she began to reflect that though It was un doubtedly true that she might have been married more than once, yet it was equally certain that she had never as yet hooked a fiah ehe considered worth landing. As for young Hallaton, he had promised to come out and see her at the Dragon, and let Sam think what he might, If she could only see a little more of that gentleman she would answer for It the result would be In her own hands. Sam on his part as he walked back to the Eeacon, dismissed all thought of young Hallaton from his mind. " I dare say," he reflected, " Sallie doe3 get a little tired of the old jog-trot life. It Is all very well for a few days rest, but it would kill me In a month. However, peace and happiness ain't much in the way of a regular racing man, and the cry of " I'll take six to four " beats the song of your thrushes or blackbirds into fits. It's a ram Btait what made the old 'un take that Inn. However, he knows what he Is about, and is more likely to have an ace up his Bleeve than expose his hand." And then Sam Mercer went into the Beacon to snatch a hasty dinner before catching the night mall to town. Country quarters from life Immemorial hare enjoyed an unenviable notoriety from the facility they afford those quartered in them of getting Into scrapes, and it waB not likely that the metropolis of the west was going to prove an excep tion. Fred Hallaton had been unmistakeably smitten by the belle of the Dragon; he had a good deal of idle time on his hands, and Exmouth and Exeter were by rail but twenty minutes apart, and two days after the cricket match saw Fred Hallaton making his way out to call OP Mias Mercer. That young lady received him with the sweetest of smiles " Ah, this is good of you, Mr. Halla t'on," she exclaimed as she extended her hand. " You men are very apt to pro mise to come and see us and then forget all about us till we next help you to kill an idle afternoon." "1 can't fancy any one forgetting you," replied Fred, with an ardent glance. " I was so much interested in your account of this old urn that I thought I would take advantage of your promise to show it «VI A " me. " I don't know there is much to show," returned the girl. " It Is more the stories connected wlth'It; but I'll show you one room running out at the back which really Is curious." She led the way up a few stairs, then along a paBsage, then down a few stairs again at the other end, threw open a door, and said " This is the ballroom." " Ballroom!" ejaculated Hallaton, "and what on earth does an urn like the dragon want with a ballroom ?' " Well," replied Sarah, "the house Is a good big one as you see, and years and years ago people used to come out from Exmouth In the summer time, and dance here. It was a good-sized room capable of con taining a party of four or five score people for dancing purposes. Ab one end was a much-out-of-repair little music gallery. Joe Mercer had evidently not thought it worth while to go to any expense about doing up this parti of the house. There was lots of old furniture heaped up about it; broken chairs, benches, &c.; and it was pervaded with that peculiar smell which characterises a room in which the windows are never opened : the dust of many years had ao cumulated on the rlcketty furniture, which had probably been taken over by tenant after tenant when the palmy days of the Dragon had departed. It was evidently many years since the room had baen used in any way. "The old people about," continued Sarah, "declare that there used to be no end of fun and capers going on here when they were young ; that there were lots of dances during the Bummer months, and in the winter they say It was given up to the smugglers, who used to drink and smoke and carry on all sorts of mad games. There's an old fellow here-oh, ever BO old, over eighty, I am sure-to whom I sometimes go and talk when I am dull, who tells me horrible tales of what went on at the Dragon when he was young- all lies, I daresay." " Oh ! don't know," replied Hallaton. "I fancy there was a good deal of wild work went on along these coasts in those times. Smuggling was at its height then, and I should think those who followed it were a pretty rough lob." "Yes, old Mutter tells dreadful tales about the Dragon. Perhaps he only does it to frighten me, he says the smugglers when they got mad with drink would quarrel among themselves, and use their knives and pistols on one another. He declares that he has seen more than one man carried out of this room dead, and he's got a horrible story of an adventurous exciseman who got in amongst the smugglers in disguise, but was discovered before he could get back to his comrades with the information he had gained, and was never heard of afterwards," "And what did people say became of him ?" asked Hallaton, who was getting much interested in the legends of the Dragon, or it might he in the narrator of them, who was looking extremely hand* some in her pink cambric morning dress. "He was murdered, old Mutter de clares. However, I know I would not come into this room at night, and I don't believe in ghosts either, but there's some thing uncanny about It. Look," she added, "do you see this trap door In the corner; they say that leads down to where the smugglers hid their brandy and stuff." " Has anyone been down to see ?" asked Hallaton. " Father did when he first, took the house. He says there is only a couple of large cellars which haven't been used for a loDg time. But come out into the sun shine, thiB old room, always gives me the creeps. As they went towards the door Halla ton's eye was suddenly caught by a candlestick, a box of luclfer matches, and a short clay pips which were lying on a ricketty table not very far from the trap door. " The only sign of the day we live in !" he exclaimed, laughing as he touched the lucifers with his stick. "Odd," said Sarah. "I wonder who has been into the room ? I'm sure neither of the two girls would enter if you paid them for It. I suppose It must have been father for something or other." They passed out of the room, and Miss Mercer led the way into the garden, where the conversation took a more per sonal turn. Sarah had every reason to feel confident , that she had not over-esti mated her attractions. Fred Hallaton wandered about the garden with her the best part of an hour, and was then for mally presented to her parents as "Mr, Hallaton, a friend of Sam's." Fred rather winced at this. Sam Mercer was no doubt, a very respectable man in his line, but his accuaintancaship with Hallaton certainly did not justify his being described as one of that gentleman's " friends." Yet the girl had but cleverly taken advantage of the fact that it was her brother who had introduced Fred to h9r. Joe Mercer welcomed him wlth^ the greatest cordiality, insisted upon5 his having a glass of ale, said it wa3 a queer old inn, and there were many strange tales about it. " I don't bother my head about It my self, but Sarah there has a taste for these bygone tales. You must come over and see us again soon, sir, and get her to take you down the road to old Muller'a. He will spin you yarns by the hour about it. I shouldn't wonder if old Bob had seen a sight or two in these walls he'd as lieve not speak about." 44 Thanks," repliedFred,asheswallowed his ale and prepared to go ; "I shall take an early opportunity of coming over again; these smuggling legends always interest me, and you have promised to be my cicerone, Miss Mercer. She waB'at very clear what It was, bat she nodded assent and fashed her black eyes into his face as she accompanied him to the gate. 44 Good-bye," she said, " don't forget to come soon, and I'll take you down to see old Muller. Only give the old man a little tobacco and a trifle to buy rum with and he'll go on yarning as long as you care to listen to Mm," and then with a quick little nod she turned back to the house. Fred Hallaton was conscious of having passed a very pleasant afternoon as he strode back on his way to the rail way- station. As he neared his goal he encountered a fussy little man, who after eyeing him with evident interest, suddenly took off his hat and asked him if he could tell him what o'clock it was. As the stranger was palpably wearing a watch, at all events a chain, Fred thought It rather singular he should make this request, and as he took out his own watch to comply with lb ob served drily, 44 I suppose yours don't go ?" 41 Well, yes, lb does, stammered the stranger, but not quite with the accuracy necessary (and here the speaker's voice swelled as of a man safely delivered of a lie) to the happiness of a man of punctual habits." 44 Half-past five, and I recommend you to look Bharp," said Hallaton with a steady glare at his questioner, 441 should think your friend would be anxious to see you." "Yes," replied Mr. Tootell, "for he of course waB the stranger, poor old Joe Mercer looks to seeing me pretty well every day. Capital good ale at the Dragon, ain't it, sir ?" 44 How the devil should I know," re turned Hallaton, so sharply that Mr. Tootell involuntarily took a step or two backwards. 44 No offence 1" he replied deprecatlngly, 441 didn't mean any harm, I'm sure, but old Joe does keep good.ale and Sallie is an uncommon fine girl." 441 don't know who ycu are or where you may be going," rejoined Fred fiercely, 44 but I recommend you wherever it is to go, for if you pester me any more with your confounded remarks I'll chuck you down the next area we come across." 44 Oh, I don't want to intrude upon any one, especially the servants," rejoined Mr. Tootell, drawing himself up in a way that provoked a smile from Fred Halla tonJs lips, "but I thought perhaps you were friendly with the Mercers."' 44 Well, nevermind what you thought," rejoined Fred, "my way lies here, and yours no doubt In some other direction." " Oh, I don't mind which way I walk. My time's at my own disposal. If you're going to the station I'll just look in and see how my watch tallies with the station clock. Perhaps you have a train to catch ? If both our tickers are wrong it will be a case of 4 Oh, what a surprise !'" and Mr. Tootell was proceeding to warble a stave of the popular refrain when Hallaton turned sharply upon him and said, 41 You had better take your musical talents, sir, where they will be appreciated. In the meanwhile I wish yon good morning." Mr. Tootell stopped. This was an in sult to his vocal ability which he coald not overlook : moreover, aa he admitted after wards, "that tall young man looked dangeroue," "Huffy," he remarked to himself; " these military genta are apt to . be anpercilons. Now, I wonder If he ha3 been out at the Dragon.'1 (To be ccntimisd.) 