Victorian. Sun rises 4.36, sets 7.20. . New moon to-morrow night. Year on its last legs, 355 days gone. Prolific crop of strikes this Christmas. Bush fires prevalent, and more to come. Compliments of the season to every bod-. . Sanitary Commission about to be wound up. Longest day in the year to- morrow. Summer solstice. Flies are killing the foliage of fruit trees in the Echuca district. Slaughter houses nt Pbrt and South Mel bourne to be abolished. Blackwood orchards and gardens suffering severely from the fly pest. Wine license question to the front just now. Legal opinions rather mixed. Probate duty on Hon. Francis Ormond's estate, £14,520 in Yictoria alone. Fitzroy decided to stick to gas for street lighting, and to do "without meters. Y.R.A. prizes presented to the winners in Mel bourne Town-hall last Friday week. Forty years ago to-day -Louis Napoleon was elected President of the French Republic. The ZaJinski gun, ordered for Yictoria, has been mounted at Woolwich, for trial practices. Line from Hastings to Stony Point opened on the l7tli inst. The Whittlesea" line opens to- day. . . . Agricultural Societies get £23,500 this year, aud Traralgon a special £590 for its spriug show. State-school scholarship examinations now on. There are 500 candidates for the 200 scholar ships. Hon. D. M. Davies had a tumble at the Ballarat railway station last Saturday. Arm broken. Mr. Spawn proposes to plant an irrigation colony of working men in the Wimmera mallee country. Indian hawkers reported to be becoming a great nuisance to lonely females - ill the rural aistriGts.- - . - V- J. : ". Mr. Black, Secretary for Lands in Queens land, inspects Bookie, ; under Mr. Dow's guidance.' The western shires meet at Ararat on the 29th to nominate a representative on the new Board of Health. Colac Regatta not so well patronised as usual. Farmers busy, and date unsuitable for visitors from town. Tbe Hercules and Energetic has struck it rich at 1.060ft. Fifty ounces to the ton is an eye-opc-ner. . George Anderson,- of- Praliran market, has been fined £7 aud costs for selling fruit with 44 doctored" scales. m Disable! Miners' Fund under wejVh at Sand hurst. Mr. J. B. \Yateou .promise! £1.500 a year for ten years. 'V,.' Major GhemlTaUochjOm-neWmmdant, has inspected and approved the Ecnuea Rangers .and Cadets', . Proposal made for the amalgamation of all the Australasian steamship companies mto one colossal steamship .trusti : ; The Governor has presented the Defence De- partment With a sainple of the new magazine rifle. Sighted up to two miles. , Long list of labour disputes awaiting settie- ment. Bettet bury the hatchet at Christmas, even if it he dug up for the H cw Year. Mr. Gillies has personally acquainted himself with the federal views of the South Australian, Queensland, and Tasmanian Premiers. Michael Titzpatrick of" Myer's Flat took a drink from a lemonade bottle last week, it was ammonia, and he lived three days after. The Board of Yiticuiture contemplates erect ing a school at Rutherglen, for its expert, Signer Bragat, to lecture in. Funds wanted. Mr. Munro, who takes a trip to England on financial business, has beep fareweUed with a political breakfast and a social 44 re-imion." Benjamin Disraeli, Earl Beaoonsfield , _ wouhl have been 84 years old to-day if he baa lived; Gladstone is of tougher clay than his great rival. Our Premier lunched Dr. Cockbum and Mr. Morehead at Menzie's Hotel before they went to Sydney to be treated to a marine, picnic by Parkes, Ross, the man convicted of a criminal assault on a young girl at Fitzroy, received his first dozen with the cat -oii 1 Monday list,1" and bore it badly. Pocket of the Rev. A. T. F. Johnson, of North Fitzroy, picked at the Athenaeum on Saturday afternoon. He loet thirty-five sovereigns. The Commissioner of Customs has visited Gippsland, passed judgment on the Sale Canal and Lake Wellington, and expressed approval of Bairnsdale. Mr. Mansergh's report on Melbourne deep drainage is not expected before October next. The eminent engineer has his work . cut out in preparing this report. No more alcoholic drinks at. the Melbourne railway . stations. Teetotal refreshment "con tracts entered into for the Spencer aiid Flinders streets station- rooms. Mr. Bix's solicitors have given notice of .in tention to move the Supreme Court to restrain the Stock Exchange from, depriving, hi-m. of the privileges of membership. The election of Bishop Hadfield as Anglican Primate of New Zealand has been declared in valid, and Bishop Suter, of Nelson, takes the post by right of seniority. Government diamond drill to be set at work at the bottom of Lanscll's No 130 mine, Sandhurst, starling from a depth r of 2,600ft., and going 1,000ft, deeper. The Sale Borough Council strongly objects to the disparaging remarks of the Commissioner of Customs about the navigability of Lake Wellington, the Latrobe River, and the Sale canal. The Shipowners Association insists that captains must be supreme bosses on steamers, and that chief engineers must play second tiudic : even in the engine-room when " the old man " I puts in his oar. "Captain" Logan, convicted of a series of | mean theft6 at the Yictoria Coff«-e-palace, where he had been lodging for four months, has been "'sent up " for six." He said he couldn't get a ship, and was obliged to subsist on theft. To purists in pronounciatioii. The dahlia centenary reminds us that this flower was named by .Lindeeus, after his .pupil, Dr. Andreas « Dahl. Its correct pronounci'ation would there fore be mere like Dahr-iia than Day-lia. Extraordinary murder at Bluegum Flat. Cranky Liz and" Cranky Lbuey got half a gallon of wine last Saturday night, and quarrelled "aver it. Liz" went to bed" drunk, and Louev beat her to death with a poker. Commissioner of Customs anxious to en courage deep sea fishing and trawling. Bonus vote of £1,500 to be distributed among the fishermen this year. Wonder what the next bonus will be offered for ; Boot bkikmg ? The Burmese believe that the ruby ripens like fruit. They say that a ruby in its crude state is colourless, and, as it matures, clianges first to yellow, then to green, then to bluerand lastly to a brilliant red— its highest state of perfection and ripeness. The price of emeralds and rubies is increasing from year to year. Diamondsand white pearlsare not getting dearer. Black pearls have been increasing steadily in price for the lastfoiir or five years — in fact, it is almost impossible to supply the demand for them. Joseph Archer, from Gippsland, was arrested by a policeman in the City on Tuesday night, because he was drunk, and was reported to have a lot of money on him. When searched, he was found to have £3 009 in bank deposit, receipts and securities on him. ! Frank O'Brien brought before the Hawthorn Bench charged with horsewhipping Ms wife, after two years of matrimonial life, during which he is alleged to have spent £2,000 of her j money. The man was remanded to Melbourne = Gaol, and the wife applies for a separation order. A household journal advises people to 44 keep the mouth shut" if they wish to avoid catarrh and o her complaints. It is good advice. Many men might have escaped serious attacks of nose bleeding, by simply keeping the mouth shut, and badly- damaged eyes have resulted by not tafeino- a similar precaution. Mrs. Pearson introduced-to her husband as Minister of Education, a deputation from 'the Plain Needlework Institute, asking that sewing mistresses in State-schools should be compelled to take out its certificates. Not even the connubial introduction could induce Dr. Pear son to make such a blunder. A ghost which has been making a house at Leom, Mich., uninhabitable, proves to be the same old wind that blows through - people's w hiskere. In this case it blew the branches of a tree against the weather boards and made a noise that sounded exactly like aperson opening a door and Walking doWn stairs, Swagman named Murphy when requested to help in -putting out a bush fire, which he was suspected of being responsible "for, Inkyvfretf down the farmer who asked his belp» treated another expostulant similarly and finally was taken under police escort in a buggy to the Murchison 44 logs." He tried to bolt eri the way, hut a couple of pistol bullets whixzin« over his head brought ban up all standing. \- Bow extraordinary m the Brunswick Town Council. Councillor Morgan intimated mod emphatically that Councillor Fleming was r liar, and. followed up the statement with a blow wMch severely lacerated the left eye of that civic representative, who had to call on a doctor immediately. Councillor Hbrgan waa apostrophised as a car" by another cmindllor for 44 striking a man with a rins hk» that on," and he is to be. dealt with by the j Council 