Literary Chit-chat. THE CREEDS OF THE POETS. Rehearse the Articles of thy Belief. Church Catechism. It seems a little odd that amongst the many subjects which the industrious makers of books have unearthed for their own use and benefit in literary treasure-troves of other folks' filling "The Creeds of the Poete" should, so far, have been parsed over. Anyone conversant with even the most airily sketchy of popular biographioal series can, to be sure, tell ua off hand that Shakspearo was a Protestant, Pope a Roman Catholic, Coleridge a Unitarian, and Byron "an infidel." But the creeds of the poets which would interest the world are such as are discoverable in their works. In examining these one would necessarily have to distinguish between a variety of utterances delivered under differing condition*, and to choose carefully and impartially out of the entire mass those which might fairly be regarded as reflecting the poet's own beliefs and not merely as those which he deemed characteristic of osrtaiu of his dramatis persona, of a given age, or o( a particular community. Dante and Milton are probably the only two great poets of Christendom to whom no suoh rule need be appliod. Their works more than those of any others (so far as memory serves us) are permeated with the individual convictions of the authors. Dante's lofty spirit is for ever dominated by one overwhelming consciousness—"of sin, of righteousness, of judgment to oome." His voice is not one which cries, " Bepent ye." Rather is it an eoho of Sinai commanding, "Sin not." Milton, again, although his oast of thought allowed him, at times, to exhibit a playful fancy, would never have indulged in what would have ap peared to the grave Puritan an nnboooming trifling with solemn truths. In "Paradise Lost" he brings mythology into bondage and bids it toil in the tervioo of verities Bat he would never have done as the great Elizabethan dr&matut; thoaght it no wrong to do— use religion as the handmaid of fiotion. His " Samson Agonistea," for all his failings, it an enlightened believer in the one Divfcn Revelation. Shakspenre, on the other hand, would be greatly nmjudged if one were to reckon the opinions concerning—for instance— • future state proper either to the Ghost or to Hamlet as the poet's own. The Qhost speaks as an orthodox, untravelled, and rather simple-minded gentleman, such as in life the old king was, would be likely to speak. His feet, poor man, may be blistering upon "burning marl"— but it is good solid rock for all that. His more philosophical ton, the melancholy-minded Prinoe of Denmark, re flects, on the oontrary, the "advaxoad thought" of hhi age and generation. Froth from Luther's university, he questions not alone the teachings of the Fathers, as did the Reformer, but goes a step beyond his matter, and at times appears to doubt even Holy Writ. The con fession of faith made by '< Portia" in her oft quoted speech might, so far as it goes, be taken as * fair summary of what Bh*kspeare regards asaooepted by all Christians and consequently by himself. There are many other passage* m his writings which might also be regarded as representing his views on religious natters. Tennyson is generally regarded, we bilieve, as the p/>et p«r txc*Ueno« of what is ealled'' the larger Mope." It would be interesting to com pare hii ideas with those of Robert Browning. Many of the notable utteranoes of the Laureate's only peer—w we cannot but call him—are lo*t to all but the most ardent of his ad mirers in oonsequenoa of the not infreqneu obsourity of his style—an obscurity which arises, it will be found, almost solely from bis extreme condensation of meaning. Among American poets Longfellow and Whittier will, we before, be found, on examination, to rival eren the two far greater English poets ju*t named in the pleasant businefw of speaking oomlortably eonoerning that dreaded bourn* " wheno> no traveller returns." Perhap*, now we hare mooted thistopio, aome member of our Literary Oifole will take it up and treat it at greater length than space will allow of our doing. F. The meeting* of the Library Annotation, in the delightful old hall of Ora/a Inn, were well attended during the first week of Ootober, though the subject* disc v wd and the attendance were more strictly professional than waa the eate three years ago, when the Congress met ia the metropolis. Chanosllor Christie of Man chester, who was tbe prmideot, obtained ready audienoe, in right not oaly of his mawterv over all matters connected with books and bookmen, but of hU elocution, a point in whioh many of his brethren might well have emulated bis ex* ample. If the free librarian, it is remarked, is to be oome the prophot, priest, and preacher of the future, " the oentre of tbe intellectual life of his distriot," he must surely become a more artioulate creature than ha is at present the moment he is quit of his •'paper.'* According to Mr. W. P. A. Axon's paper, read to the library Association, the art of short hand has flourished more or lees fur 2000 yean. Oioero'a famous writer, Tiro, is known to have had rivals in bis own time; Cw<*ar's feats in dictating several letters simultaneously while travelling still remain unequalled. Bat short hand, as now understood, is the prod not of the prtaant oenturj. It is emtputed that |the literature relating to the subject would fill no fewer than 13.000 volumes, and England alone has given birth to 307 different systems For practical purposes shorthand is now perfected— whether only to slowly fade into disuse before the phonograph is for the future to determine. The literary air is full of plagiarism and rumours of plagiarism. Mine WatU Phillips has piously defended the originality of her brother's " Dead Heart" against the " Tale of Two Cities;" while Mr. Justin M'Oerthyhas pointed out that both Phillips and Dickens were anticipated in the nature of the sacrifice depleted by Dumas the elder, the "great unblushing Frenoh thief " who has generally been held to have been in such matters more sinning than sinned against, but whose genius has triumphed over all aopention. Then Mr. Runetman has been girding furiously against Mr. Rider Haggard, who must be getting quite used to being girded at. And, lastly, an aggrieved American lady has attacked the versatile and all-victorious Mrs. Hodgson Burnett's title to the credit of the creation of Little Lord Fauntleroy. The London correspondent of the M**e\\**Ur Guardian writes:—"l have just been shown a unique manuscript—namely, report of a bourse of twelve lectures on the literature of Europe, delivered by Carlyle in May and June, 1838. These lectures disouis the literature of Oreeoe, Italy, Spain, Franoe, Germany, and England, of oouree giving special prominence to Dante, Shakspeare, Johnson, and Goethe. They have never appeared in print, and this is probably the only record of them in existence. Both thought and language are distinctly eharao* teriatie of Carlyle in his earlier period." The British Medical Aasooiatlon appointed a oommittee to make inquiries in order to aeoer> tain the average age of the different categories of drinkers; that is to say, those who refrain completely from alooholio drink, those who indulge mure'or less in moderation, and those who drink to excess. This committee has handed in its report. Its oases are drawn from 4234 deaths, which are divided into five cate gories of individuals, with the average of age attained by each:—(l) Total abstainers, 61 yean 22 days; (2) habitually temperate drinkers, 63 yean 13 days; (3) careless drinkerx, 59 years 67 days; (4) free drinken, 67 years 59 days; decidedly intemperate drinken, 63 yeara 3 days. These figures Bhow, singularly enough, that those who reaoh the shortest age are those who drink no aloohol whatever; after them come the drunkardß, who only exoeed them by a trifle. The greatest average age is reached by those who drink moderately.— Rtvue Hkicnti fque. Some electric railways will bo laid along the riven of Northern Russia, where the extreme oold endures daring the greater part of the ye*r. 