CHAPTER XLH. IM SOBS TO mn HER FATS. most people ot a certain age ana a certain degree of sensitiveness of disposition, in look log baok down the vista of their live*, wheroo memory's melancholy light plays u> fitful flashes like the alternate glow of a censer ?wang in the twilight of i tomb, can recall tome one night of peculiar mental agony. It may have oome when first we foandoar selves faoetoiao* with the ohill aad hopeless horror of departed life; when, in our aonl'a despair, we stretched oat v∈ hands .and wept, called andoo anawer same; when we kiaaed thoae beloved lips and shrank aghast at contaot with .their olay, thoae lipa more eloquent now in the rioh. pomp of their unut terable alienee than in the brightest hoar of their unsealing. It may have come when oar honirar and the hope of all oar days lay at oar feet shattered like a sherd on the hard roadway of the world. It may have oome when she, the aweet star of our youth, the pore and holy thing, the type of completed beauty and woman1* moat perfect measure, she, to whom was given the chalioe of our ioy, and who held in her white hand the love begotten germ of all our power, ruthlessly I emptied and crushed it, and, aa became a star, slid down our horizon's ways to risonpoa some other sky. Or it may have oome when Brntns stabbed as, or when a child whom we had cherished struck ns with a serpent-fang of treachery, and left the ioy poison to oreep upon our heart. One way or another it haa been with moat of as, that long night of utter woe, and all will own that it isagnastly thing to faoe. And so Ida de la Molle hod found lb The shriek of the great gale rushing on that Christmas eve round the stoat Norman tower was not more strong than the breath of the despair that shook her life. She ooald not sleep-who oonld sleep on such a sight, the herald Of suoh a morrow ? The wail aad roar of the wind, the crash of falling trees, and the rattle of flying stones seemed to form a fit accompaniment to the tarmoll of her mind. She rote, and patting on her dressiap-gown, went to the window, and in the dim light watched the trees gigantically toaaing in a great struggle for their life. An oak and a birch were within her view. The oak atood the gale out-for a while. Presently there came an awful guBt and beat apoa it. It would not bend, and the tongh roots would not give, bo beneath the weight of the breath of its destiny the big tree broke in two like a straw, ana its spreading top was whirled into the moat. But the biroh gave and bent; it bent till its delioate filaments la; npon the wind like a woman's streaming hair, and the fierceness of the gnat wore itgelf away and spared it. "See what happens to thoae who stand ap and defy their fate," said Ida to herself with a bitter laugh. " The biroh haa the beBt of It." Ida rose and olosed the ahuttera; the sight of the itorm affected her already strained nerves almost beyond bearing. She began to walk up and down the big room, flitting like a ghost from end to end and back again, and again back. What ooald she do? What Bhould she do ? Her fate was upon her; Bha conld no longer resiBt the inevitable-she mast marry him. Aad yet her whole soul revolted from the act with an overwhelming fieroenesB which astonished even herself. She had known two girls who had married people whom they did not like, being at the time, or pretending to be, attached to some body else, and she had observed that they accommodated themselves to their fate with ooaBiderable ease. But it was aot so with her; she was fashioned of auother clay, aad it made her faint to think of what was before her. And yet the prospect was one on whioh she ooald ezpeot [little sympathy. Her own father, although peraonally he dialiked the man whom she must marry, was olearly filled with amazement that sne should prefer Colonel Quarltoh, middle-aged, poor, and plain, to JSdward Cossey, handsome, young, andlrieh as Cretans. He could not compre hend or measure the extiaordinary gulf which her pMsion dug between the two. If, therefore, this was so with her own father, how would it be with the rest of the world J She paced her bedroom till she was tired, and then, in an acoeea of despair, which was Buffioiently distressing in a person of her re served and stately manner, flung herself, weeping and sobbing, upon her knees, aad reating ner aching head upoa the bed, grayed as she had never prayed before that this oup might pass from ner. She aid not know-how should she ?-that at that very moment her prayer was beiag answered, and that her lover was then, even as she prayed, lifting the broken atone and revealing the hoard of raddjr gold. But ao it was; she crayed in despair and agony of mind, .and the prayer carried on the wild wines of the night brought a fulfilment with it. Not ia vain were her tean and sapplioa tions, for even now the deliverer delved among 7 he dust and awful treasures of the dead, and even now the light of her coming happi nesa was breaking on her tortured night aa the firat cold gleams of the Christmas morn ing were breaking over the stormy fury of the void without. And then, chilled and numb ia body sad mind, she crept into her bed again, and at last loat herself in aleep. By half-past 9 o'clock when Ida oune down to breakfast the gale had utterly vanished, though its footprints were visible enough in shattered trees, unthatohed staoks. and ivy torn in knotty aheeta from tbe old walls it clothed. It woold have been diffioult to recogoise in the cold and stately lady who stood at the dining-room window, noting the havoc and waiting for her father to oome in, the lovely, paesionate,« dishevelled woman who some few hoars before had thrown her aelfnpon her knees praying to God for the succour ehe ooald not win from man. Women, like natare, have many moods aad many countenances to express them, Tha hot at bad passed, and the oold fit was on h«r now. Her faoe, except for the dark hollow* ronnd the eyes, wai aa white as winter, and her heart «m oold as winter1* ioe. . Presently her father oame in.. ~ *' What i'nle, he said, "what a gala. Upon ipy word .1 began to think that the old plaoe Was coming down about bur ears, and the wreck among the treea b diwdf^L I don't think there can' have been raqh a wind ?iioe the timeof King Qharlee L, when th« top of the tower WM blown cjeu fif ths ehuroh-yen remember I was showing you the entry about It' In theregirters the other day, the one ripad by the .parson and.old Sir JipH de ia MoUe. The |toy who haaooma ipt^ me that he hear» that poor dld Mr*. Master's nmmer-hofUe on the top of Dead Maa'iMount has been blownaway, whioh ia a good riddance for Colonel Quaritah. Why, |ri^Vthe jnatter wlthyoul flow pale yoa Ifca galiu kept; me awake. I got very little deep," answered Ida. "Ana no wonder. Well, my dear, yoa haven't wished me a merry Christina* yet. Uoodneaa fcapws we want one . badly enough. There haanot been naaeh merriment at Hon buBofbto j6Uitn "A many Christmas to you, father," she said. "Thank you, my lore, the aame to yoa; you have got moat of youlr Christmases before you, whioh k more thaa I have. Hod bleaa me, it only aeema like yesterday sinoe the big baaoh of holly tied to the hook In tha ceiling there fell down on the breakfast table and amrihed all tha duM, and yet it Is more than sixtyyears ago. Marine! how angry my po6r dear mother waat She never oould bear the orookery to be broken-It was a little failing of yoar grandmother's," and he laaghed more heartily thaa Ida had heard him do for some weeks. She made no answer but buried herself .boat the tea. Presently glancing upshe saw her father's faoe change. The worn erprea alon came back npon It and he lost Ma buoyant bearing. Evidently a new thought bad atruok'him, and ahe waa in no great doubt as to what it was. ?"We had better get on with breakfast," be said. " You know that Cossey Is coming np at 10 o'clock." " Ten o'olook 1" she said, faintly. " Yes. I told him 10 so that we oould go to church afterwards if we wished to. Of Bourse, Ida, I am still in the dark as to what yon have made hp your mind to do, bat whatever it is I thought that he had better onoe and for all hear your final decision from your own lips. If, however, you feel your self at liberty to tell it to me as your father, X shall glad to bear it." She lifted her head, and looked him full in the faoe, and then paused. He had a cup of tea in his hand, and it was held in the air halfway to his month, while hiB whole faoe showed the overmastering anxiety with whioh he was awaiting her reply. "Make your mind easy, father," she said. "I am going to marry Mr. Cossey." He put the oup down in such a fashion that he spilt half of the tea, most of it over bis own clothes, without even noticing it, and then tnrned away his faoe. "Well," be said, "of course It is not my affair, or at least only indireotiy so; but I must say, my love, I congratulate yon on the decision whioh you have oome to. I quite understand that you have been in some little difficulty about the matter; young women often have been before you and will be again; but to be frank, Ida, that Qaarltoh business was not at all suitable, either in age, or fortune, or in anything else. Tea, although Cossey is not everything that one might wish, on the whole I congratulate yoa heartily," " Oh. pray don t." broke in Ida, almost in a cry. " Whatever you do, pray don't congra tulate met" Her father turned round again and looked at her. But Ida's face had already recovered its calm and he could make nothing of it, " I don't quite understand you/' he said; " these things are generally oonsidered mat ters for oongratnlation." But for all he might say and all that he might urge, in his mind to the contrary he did, more or less, understand what her outburst meant. He could not but know that the exolamation was the last outcry of a broken spirit. In his heart he realized then, if he had never clearly realized before, that this proposed marriage was a thing hateful to his daughter, and his oonsoience prioked him sorely. And yet-and yet-it was bnt alwoman's fancy- a passing fanoy 1 She would become reconciled to the inevitable as women do, and when her chil dren oame she would grow acouBtomed to her sorrow, and her trouble would be forgotten in their laughter. And if not. well it waa but one woman's life whioh would beaffeoted, and the very existenoe of his race and the very cradle that had nursed them from cen tury to century were now at stake. Was all this to be at the mercy of a girl's fancy ? No! let the individual suffer. So he argued. And so at his age and in his oiroumstances most of us would argue also, and, perhaps, considering all things, we should be right. For in this world personal desires must continually give way to the wel fare of others. Did they not do ao our system of sooiety oould not endure. No more was said upon the subjeot. Ida made pretence of eating a piece of toast; the Squire mopped np the tea upon his olothes, and then drank some more. Meanwhile the remorseless seconds crept on. It wanted but five minuteB to the hour, and the hour .would, she well knew, bring the man with it. The five minutes passed slowly and in ailenoe. Both her father and herself realized the!nature of the impending situation, but neither of them spoke of it. Ah! there waa the sound of wheels upon the gravel. So it had oome. Ida felt like death itself. Her puke sunk and flattered; her vital forces seemed to oease their work. Another two minuteB passed, and then the door opened, and the parlour-maid oame in. " Mr. Costey, if you please, sir." " Oh," said the Squire. " Where is he ?" " In the vestibule, sir." " Very good, Tell him I will be there in a minute. The maid went. "Now, Ida," said her father, "Isuppoae we had better get this business over." "Yes," she answered, rising; "I am ready." And gathering np her energies sha passed out to meet her fate. 