WARI AND WIFE. (ii CI'TER I. STaxcecnS at thie side of a beautilfl woman, who is seated oni a low fauteuil, is a tall and ratlher lhandsomne man with quick- chanuging henzel eyes, a broad and rather high shouldered figure, giving you tile idea that he hold himself somewhat aloof from the rest of the world, as with folded arms he lookled admiringly and with a rapid and lightning glance from time to time at the face of his companion. Yes I there is no doubt she is the most lovely woman, not only there in that largeo assembly of people, but in the whole world of his imagination, as lie recalls faeo after face which in timue gone by ha.ve appealed to his admiration. And yet, this is not all-not the whole gist of Lord Arlington's thoughts, as his eyes rest upon the flir sunny head in front of him. IHe is trying, but vainly; to check thie full tide of fascination which is so surely steal ing over him every timn ie he looks at hier, by reasoning with himself in the following mannler : "I have only met her Ialf-a-dozen times; once at a publis ball, once at a tenuis party, once in a pretty country lane, and twice--this making tihe last time-at the houso in which I am now staying." " \VlWho is Miss Legard-who is she ?" was one of tile lirst questions hie put to his host, who had been a college chum of his at St. John's, when hie was only tile IIonorable Ialph Darrell. " She is a parishiioner of mino," hiis host, the rural I)can of Dingford, had replied rather vagcoly ; "I really scarcely kInow anything ,more of hier. She lives with an old lady, hier ldacie ,', crslacnic, ill a pretty little house just outside tihe towvn, and she seems to be comutortably off. I ihave called upon liher, naturally, and so ihas my wife; she came a iperfect stranger here. Hier beauty, hier good looks, of course, excited a considerable amount of curiosity. At tirst she hacd very fow, in fact no acqaaictances here at all, but bIy degreeoos people have called upon her, and she is, as you see," his eyes twinkling, "considered by ns all," meaning Dingford society generaclly, " one of its attractiocs, pjr '.rcllence." Aid this is all tile information hie hias obtainied aibout this beautiful fiss Legard, for whom lie delays to conclude his visit to his old friend, p[tting off the period of his departure from daly to day, yielding almost as a matter of course to tie dean's in variably expressed hope that " he is not going yet." Miss Leganrd at this very moneont--wbils he is contemplating iher beaucty withl a sense of indecision Ias to how he moans to act, as to whether ' he shalil really make ulp his mind to put aside all tie prejudices of his race and casto, and tlinuking of Iher-- herself only-set pLrudonce flying to tie four winds and cast tihe die which shall decide his fate and hers. " Sho is beautiful, her mancors are perfect; a little too quiet, a little cold, perhaps, if one were to try and pick a flaw in tlhem ; but I could iinond them of that; and really after all a woman who still leaves you something to tciu, to cajole fioin boer, possesses a double share of fascination." "I thlought you wore to have loft I)ing ford before this," observ?ed Miss Lsgard, ic horquiet voice, ic its calm secnitone cadence, her ihandsome blue.grey eyes flashling their quick light into tie countenouance of hier neigbour; " you said you were going last wveek, did you naot ? " "I did, but I ain compelled to stay on until--woll, cuntil-" with rather a forced laugh.--" I am soent away." " Sent away I " sihe repeated wonderiuigly. "I can hardly fancy Lord Arlington being placed in snell a position. I should have thought you were as froee as thie air, to do as you liked." The last words were spokeu almost sig nificantly. ier tono might niot Ihave mcceant anything, neverthcless the wvords rankled olightly in hIis thouglcts. ." Of course I can do as I like," hie re. turned, quicldly. " rPorcalls I like to be compelledl to remain oin heore." "And to be sent away too," she said, smiling, and with a Ihalf-inquiring glance. "Do you kInow who or what it would be that would seid me away ? " hie returned, in a concentrated whisper. Tlhen, as ihe paused for a reply, and none came, hIe took a chair and drew it close to her, gazing resolutely at iher-so resolutely that selo began playing with tile little gold charms upon her chlain as a sortof refuge to conceal the sense of want of ease which was steal ing ovger her. Once ash gave a quick com prehensive glance round thie room, wlichi was hilled with people-visitors, like herself at tihe " afternoon " which tie dean's wife was giving; and there was just tile ghost of a lhalf-triumpchant, half-amused smile, as she caught more than one pair of oyes turned in their direction. " A word fromn you would soeid me away." Miss Legard's delicately cut profile was chancged into a three-quartors position. Nevertheless, oso did not meet his gaze. A palo piniik lush crept over her coc plexion, and for one brief second, shel loolked, as she probably felt, nervous and embarrassed. 'lThen she assumed an air which was at once haughty and displeased. " Why do youe look like that ? IIow have I offended you ? I am not offended ! Only," she added, quickly, " no one cares, you know, to be made a jest of." "A jest IA jest I " he repeated, in pained amazement. "How can yoc bIe so cruel as to imagine that for an instant ? Unless you say'No' to me, I will never leave I)iUg ford; never, except it is with you as my bothlrotlled, my bride." " Miss Legard," hie added, after a pause, "am I to leave Dingford ?" " As you pleseo," she maid, but in a voice so soft and low, that he augured well from it. " You must give me some more definite answer than tlint. You must tell me-" "Not now; not now," she murmured, imploringly, and writh a looki that spoke for itself; "to.morrow. I cannot give you an answer nowa; I feel I have no words at my command, at such a public meeting as this. Will you not wait ?" Her manner, her tone, suf1iciently con veyed that mcaning to him which hIe w'as anxious to discover. He saw that he must be so far satisfied for the presc,', and that perhaps it would be more cose'snable, in better taste, if ho were to leave his seat beside her for a tino, and divide his altten tion among the rest of the guests. " To-norrow, then-to-morrow I shall come, my darling." These two words were uttered so softly, scarcoly above a breath, tlhart slhe was scarcely sure of them; but thoen, as words will which have boon iurnadibly spoken, tlhey came back to her, as it were; and when her lover parted from her, slh caught his earnest eager gaze, and met it with a quick blush and smile whlichl contented him so far for thile preseont. CHAP'rER II. Thile beautiful mistress of (Orm Lodge was lalf-reclining, Ialf-sitting, on a low fauteuil of cream- coloured sotin. Cream colour was thile slhade Miss Legard con sidered most becoming to her delicate, rose tinted complexion; thile paper, thie Ihangings, the curtains, were all somretlhing of that slhade,'varying from gold to a pale straw colour; whilst tihe dress sIre woro was a delicate 1bat1, with Iknouts of pale blue and lemon ribbon, peeping from between the frill watecrfall of lace trimming which adorned the front. There was a shadow, clear and definable, resting upon her clear-cut, per fectly moulded features-a shadow difficult to interpret, vexation, annoyanlce, trouble, fear, whlichl was it ? Not one of these, but ratiher a minglilug of them all, as if each wore striving ansd struggling together in her tlhoughtls, and forming thus the background of tile reverie in which she is plunged. Suddenly she started, her colour chang ing as silo Illf-rose from her seat, then loant back again in affected niouchalance, in luxurious ease, with her usual air of im mobility quickly reasserting itself in her couitenaIce. Yes I tlhat is the one fault, a genuineo critic would find in Miss Legard's face-there was a cold immobility about it, which lept people generally at a distance from her far more than any words would have done. I say glenerally, hecause Lord Arlington oni the contrary lhad been speci ally attracted bIy this expression. It afforded such a decided contrast to the Wvelcomo smile, the quick, pleased air of recognition, tie eager extensiou of friendship, and even more thani that, which in the gay world in which hle moved, in the social circle which regarded hiim as one of its undoubtod and greatest matrimuouial treasures, was at once so cor dially given to him. This quiet, self-con tained beauty drew upon tihe good opinion hlie hadl of himself, figuriug and fanning itself into a ilhuno of anxious desire to winl her for himself, to find out whether silo could really bs induced to care for him without considering, without allowirg him self to rellect whether tifs was a reasonable stop hlie proposed to take, or whether tnis was a desirable or prudent thiug hlie was about to do. "Lord Arlington I" She raised herself slowly from her half rocumbont position, and with a graceful in cliuatioi of Iher head, hold out hier hand towards him. "You said I might come. I lhave been waiting impatiuently all day, for this moment." 3liss Logard drew away her haud non chalantly. A faint smile stirred her lips, but no sound came from them as she crossed her Ihands in front of her. It was niot quite tie meeting hie lhad ex pected. Hie olhad bGon looking forward to this lhour with an impatient, fluttering auxiety all day. IHe would have Ihked to ihave seen her a little more moved, a little more embarrassed, a trillo--however small a trillo--liluttered likre hIimself. But women, hIe recollected as hie watched her, are such adopts in kleoping their feelings under con trol whrere their pride is at work, and lie fancied the calm imrumobility her face ex pressed was but a showing of her pride. Thou hie anlmost smiled to think that sire must Ie surely challenginig him to break down her outer self, thalt srhe was bent upon being passive, whrilst he murt soeale and storm and gain thIe citadel of her affection and love. " Wo't you sary sometlirg to ise ?" For a moment, thie briefest moment, slr raised iher eyes and scauned him scrutinis ingly, more as if sile were balanoing her thoughts for or against him, than if shle were preparing herself for whlat was surely coming, inamely, a formal declaration of his love, an offer of hIis hand--lhis, Lord Arlington's hand, thie hand of one of the richest peers of the realm, to tile oompara tively rukuowrn and obscure Miss Legard. Then siao said quietly, though somewhat breathlessly- " Yes, I rm glad you came." He gave a little laugh-- a contented one -as if hIe were well-pleased at his own ability in storming tie citadel. Certainly, there is a good deal of pride in tie thought thrat this woman shaill bIe his wife; this beautifuii woman-for she is too tall and stately hIe iustinctively feels to be classed among thie rolc of " girls," who from time to time l have figured transiently in his imagination, as possible Lady Arlington. "Is thRat all you are going to say?" stooping down, until his brown eyes were on a level with hers; " are you not going to say, too, that yoru will be glad to be my wife ? " " Perihaps," shel returnred quiclily, almost shortly, as if she feared something -as if she feared, possibly, that to realiso tile fact of her boooming hIris wifetewas too good news to be true. " Why is your maunner so Ihesitatisog ? why does your breath come and go so hurriedly ? Are you afraid of me ? " How can slro tell him that she is not afraid of him, ouly afraid to put her faith too assuredly in tile good gift the gods are offering her ? She can scarcely believe even if this moment be true, tshat it will be followed by others truer, still more real, more triumphaut. For there is no doubt, her cornquest over Lord ArligtonI, the certainty that lihe has coufessed himself her lover- is a triumph, a brilliant chance, which a few weerks ago she could never have believed possible. And whant a mere chance it was that brought them both to Din)iugford, little insignificant Disgford ! What a more chance too, that thie deau and hIris wife should have taken hebor under their wing, and their protection, than vwhich no bettor was needed to ensure her being a social success in the visiting list of that pictur esque little couutry town. To what did sihe owe it ? Scarcely to her position, for she had not given out what that position was, beyond that she was fairly comfortably off; certainly not to any introductions she had brought with her, for sho had nolle. It is too herself alone, to her own fair ness, her beauty, the perfection of form and fieture, which shie had never studied to drape and to set off as she had done lately; whilch though shle gave herself full credit for before, moenths before she came to Ding ford, yet she had never thought so much of as now; and whlich had never stood her in snuch good stead as during these last few weeks. " How strange," she thought; "what a contrast inen's minds and opinions are wheore women are concerned. Lord Arling ton praises what lie is pleased to term my immobility, and hlie-well hlie-gave it another name certainly. It drove him to distraction-so he said." These weore the thoughts, or. thoughts like them, which passed like a flash of lightning thronglh hler brain, whilst she outwardly assumed a slight embarrassed manner, as Lord Arlington stooping hIis broad figure, sought to lindle something responsive, somethling reciprocal to the eager dancing light whichl was shining so eloquently in hIis own eyes. " Yes, I am afraid, a little," she con fessed, with a downcast smile. And lie naturally enoigh interpreted her words his own way, never thinking, never dreaming for one iustant that they could have any meaning but one. For how could hlie guess that she was hlalf-afraid his coronet might after all slip through her fingers, that For tuno was too good to hier, that she could hardly credit the fact that she had but to say one little word, and she would be a countess. She, thebo obscure MBiis Lagard, was about to be elevated to a dignity, a positiou which in hler wildest flighfts of imagination had never been contemplated by her. " \VWhy should you be afraid of iun ?' lihe nearly added " dear," but somein feceliig whiclh lie could not very well have explained cleckled himi. Perhaps it wis tile " immo bility" which hlad in a measure provoked hiim to admiration of hler. " Do you know," he laughed lightly, "it seems much more likely to me that I am afraid of you I Don't let that feeling come betweeneus any more, I implore you ;" and thouen with all a lover's ardenout protestations, with all the fcrvour of a young man's love, witlh all the ardour and exuberance of expression whichl a young mana iudulges in wheu his first real passion of love is awvakening to the full sue of his hope, he poured forth ai flood of tender, eloquent persuasion, entreaty, and solicita tion. "I will be your wife," she said, quietly, in a asbdued almost matter-of-fact under tone, when at last be paused. And if the coldness of her manner in comparison to his struck him, he would naturally enough attribute it rather to that reserve, that qoietnosso of manner which attracted him from the very first, ias being so ditfoferent to most women. " And you will love me ? " he asked with smiling eagerness, withl just a trifle of proud assurance in his way of saying it, as if that wore a matter of course, as if women, as if the woman whom he had chosen above all, could not say him nay in this. She turned hei face to his for the first time, with sparklling eyes, bespeaking a kind of trimplhant pleasu?o, as with a low, rippling laugh she withdrew liher glance and loant far back in hler chair away from him. It seemed to him like coyness, this action of hlers, but in reality it was the tact with which she would lure him to fresh pro testations himsel[ presently. It amused him to see hler tlhus. It was a lover's game of play, and she was chal lenging him, hle fanuoiod. Secretly she was glad the supreme moment was over, and yet she knew well she was enideavouring to thinkl how lshe should meet it. There was yet another " sprceimeo moment " to come. If only she could keep and increase the hold, the im pressiou she had made upon him, she thought the other " moment" need not be a trouble to hler. " I woeld rather you loved me most," she said, in hler quiot even voice. " Wohld you; why?" he asked, in a tone of amused surprise. " Becanuso then I thlink I shlould never be disappointed. I should feel you-your likling-for me would not slip away. I should be sure of you. I meoan of course-" she corrected herself hurriedly, as sie saw a little frown cross his face-" I should be sure of your affection for me." "Do you doubt it? Why should you doubt it ? " hle asked in a sharp pained voice. "I do not doubt it. Only people lchange SO." "Promise me"--sho turned suddenly to him, laying.one whlite hand upon hIis, and looking earnestly into hiis face-" that you will not change to me-that you will always wisih to have me as your wife- your love," she added in a tromulous murmur of entreaty. " Always-always-my darling," he ex claimed at once, putting his arm round hler waist, pressing his lips to hers for the first time. " But you too, you must promise me not to change-you must be always the same miy beautiful betrotholed-the one woman who lhas never shown me any eneourageo ment until I forced myself upon her-wlio even now is not like other womnen-who still keeps herself a little in reserve-a little re lIctant, even in such a moment as this, whlen heart meets heart, and love moots love -for you do love mie--say you love mo once -you lrave never told me so yet." " Then you shall hear me say it now," she answered, withl a low contenouted laugh. "I love you better than anyone in the world." " And do you knuow you have never told len your Illnme a" " My nuame," she repeated in a voice which faltered somewhlat, " is Frances." "Ah! that is like you-Frances is a stately, statioesque niame-one could not take liberties with it." "And are you not taking one now ?" she laughed brightly. " No," he declared, in the same tone; " I am taking miy right-it is my due, you kUnowv." He did not say so, but he thoughlt iu a vague, floating sort of way that it was hIis due too to know more about hler; he thought she might have told hilm who she was, who her parents were, how she came to be living there. But he could not urge hier at uch a moment, in the first hour of his wooing. It would have seemed to him he was committing a sort of sacrilege upon his love. But of course she would tell himn everything by-and- bye. There was. no reason whily he shoul doubt her, why lhe should trouble himself to won der about her, Of oune thing he was per feetly and happily certain-lhe could not help congratulating himself upon it-she had not laid herself out for him; she had not sought to attract him in any way, un less looking beautiful and keeping herself rather aloof from him could be said to have done so. Sie could not have known, neithlur did he himself know at first, not until it had grown upon him unawares, that it was the surest and tihe most effectunal means of rousing his attention and of attracting him to her. H-ow could she know that sihe had adopted the most effectual means of win ning hinm-that he was tired, blase, w'ith thie homage, the readiness to be pleased with himself and everything lie said or did, which society feminine society- invari ably showed towards him. " Have you ever cared for anyone before?" lie could not resist saying to her. " Not as I care for you." " Then you have cared for some one ?" " Of course, Ilalph," she murmured, in a tone of plaintive remonstrance; "I am five Iand-twventy, you know, and it is not likely I should arrive at that age, is it, without Ihaving liked sosse one ? And now you must toll me how old youS are, and whether you ever cared for anyone before me. " I am five-and-twenty, too," lie replied gravely " but I have inever liked any one never loved any one till I met you--then you see the disease came upon me all at once. I had no hesitation about it. Some hlow you attracted me at the very first." " But toll me about-about your having cared for some one," he urged after a pause. " Not now," sihe said, "for it would spoil the pleasant perfection of this hour with you -besidcs you might change to me, you might," looking up questiouingly into hIis face, " although you said just now, did you not, that you would never change ? I could nost bear you to change," sihe repeated, lharping somewhat upon the words. "I will not change, dear, to you," hie assured her solemnly. " Wh\latever may have ihappened in your life I will not chango -you must be my wife." "I like to hear you say that," she whispered; " it sounds so true, and it mnakes me very glad," When hie said "' whlatever may have happened in your life," hie had alluded in hIis own mind to any former love-affair he fancied elshe had lhad; but Mliss Legard meant to interpret it on some future occa sion after quite another fashion. He waited for her to add more--hoping perhaps that she would do so, but she made no further allusion to the past. Instead, she led him to talk, to discuss the future, and their mutual plans for it. sIo lowing her wishes, his thoughts took a different turn; he forgot all about hIis curiosity to know more of her, he only thought of tihe time whuen she lshould be hIis, and they two should be roaming together on the long pleasant trip which lie hiad already began to decide upon, for tile season was almost eat an end, and lie was auxiouns to press forward his marriage that it should take place in the autumn. Lord Arlington lhad no one to consult, no one to conciliate; both hIis parents were dead. He haid, therefore, only hIis own pleasure, and that of the woman hie loved, to consider, and before hlie parted with her on that afternoon Iohe had already won a half-reluctaut consent from her that at the end of the next month she would in all probability become hise bride-take that leap in the dark called marriainge. Lord Arlingtou's charactor was a some lwhat testy and impetuous one. When ihe lhad set hIis heart upou a thing, hie was restless, occupioed about it until eitlher that thing was accomplished or it wus ready to hIis hand. Accnstomed to be spoilt, fdted by the society in which lie lived and moved, hisi wishelos had seldom met with opposition. I-Is was wont to ride over with a high hand whatever seeming obstacles stood in hIis way. Generous to a fisult, of a warm and even passionate disposition, few and rnlro were the exceptions in which people had Ioeu known to withllstand his sway. And there fore, the very contrast whichl this beautiful Miss Legard offered himu, bIy her caln statuesque beauty, tile sort of neutral manner and comportment sihe adopted towards him, lad acted like oil upon fire, as a powerful stimulant to a disposition such as hie possessed. Two or three weeks wenmt past, and though in the course of .their frequent meet ings Frances Legard told him more about herself, as much apparoently as there was to toll, yet to sm outsider there seemed some thing too bald, too tame, in the relation sithe gave him of her previous life, to have be longed to a woman so beautiful, so fair, as she. Once or twice, when lie thought it over, he found himseif wondering whethler there was not something almost unnatural in a fate which hitherto had aillowod a woman as beautiful as she was to lead such a quiet, uneventful life. She told him hler parents had been gentle people, of middle station. They had both died when she was a girl in her teens, and after their decease, hle.r father's sister, an old maid of tolerable fortuune, living in Cheltenham, lhad adopted her and brought her up, educating her at home, giving her a few finishing leossos. " Ah1 I" Lord Arlington here laughed, "I wish you would tell me what I ought to un derstand by ' finilshing lessons.' That term is a perfect enigmai to mse. Does it mean the last touches a woman requires before entering upon her role of lifo--the captiva tion of our sex ? Tell me wlhat your finish ing lessons consisted in ." " Oh, p:isnting a little, and muasters for Freunch 'id German, amd riding." she ex plained, just a trifle of hesitation visible in her manner. "lidingl" hIle caught her up, with an exclamaition of pleasure. " I aiu so glad you can ride! Of course I might lhave known; your ligure is just the very thing for it. I could imagine how well you would look on horsoback. Ah, we willl have some fine rides together!" " And your auit, does she-" " MIy aunt is deadl," Frances Legard returned quietly ; eshe loft me all her money, four huudred a year; and aftei her death I took this little house, with my damne do conItpatl"ie. " VWhy did you come to such a quiet pllce ?" She flushed a little at this question. " I -I liked quiet. The description of Ormo Lodge, of Dingford, it pleased me. "nBt your life will uot be quiet any longer now as my bride, as Lady Arling ton-'' " I shall try to fill my post, my poaition, as well as I can, as well as you would desire." "Don't say that so coldly, in such a precise manner; you will be my wife too, as well as my lady," he told her, half-play fully, half-affeetionately. " I know-I know," she answered back, just touching his cheek with heIr lips ; and strange to say, he coloured at the action as a woman wsould have done; but tihen shel was so seldom demonstrative. Had not she told him the very lirst day of their be trothal, that she would rather far bh caressed, tlhan caress ? But her smiling passiveuess to his endearments was, for tio time at least, as the loadstone is to the magnet. CIIAPTiER ?Il. "RElph-l-lphl I you said you would never chango " "It is you who have changed," he ex claimed hotly. " You are not what I thought-you do not seem to me at this moment, the Frances Legard I knew yes terday-you---" "I --I was afraid of losing you, you might not have believed that I really cared to be your wife. It was wrong, it was deceitful of me as you say, but I was afraid. Ralph, hear me-I was very young," she implored him. Lord Arlington turned at her tone. He could not resist her entreaty, besides, it was new to him. It was altogether so un usual for him to see her roused, animated, supplicating to him. Their position towards each other was being utterly reversed. He it was lwho was wont to supplicato, to softly beseech, to claim one more loving word, one more caress, one more show of endear ment from her. "Yes, I will listen," le said, his glance taking in admiringly the graceful figure bonding towards him with clasped halnds, tile upturned blue-grey eyes, the flushed, anxious, and most beautiful conutenause fixed eagerly upon his. Strauge that it did not strike him that there was little softness, little winningness, none of tile despair of love, written on her face. IHis admiration was blinded. He lihnd not learnt as yet to read what was bonoeath the surface of her character; hle only felt that she was uentreating him forcibly, most forcibly, to lisoten to her. "' I was veiy young, only eighteeno, when I knew him first, he-hlie it was who taught me to ride, to ride so well. I was his best pupil; hlie took more pains with me than aoiy of them, then gradually, by degrees, I do not know e.sactly how, we saw more and more of each other; my aunt kneow very few people, she lived a quiet, retired life. I had no one to comparo favourably with him; I thought him all that lie reprosented him self to be. I was flattered, pleased, carried away Iy his conversation, his attentions, and I became, as I told you, his wife." She paused and looked at her lover. He lhad folded his arms and was still Ioeeping his gazo steadily fixed upon her, but hie uttered no word in return, lie merely motioned her to continue. - " Wheu we lhad boun married a year lie ran away from me. He went to America aind a few months afterwards lie died. I reiad his death in tue paper uone morning, just when I was thinkling perhaps he would come backe to me; andl then I wrote to my aunt, who had been displeased at my marriage, thinking I might have done better, as she said, and I lived with her until a year ago, when she died, and then I came here and took my maiden naulo." " Why did you take your maiden iname ?" " I thought people would not talkl about me so much," she said, her exsplanation souodisg rather a lamo one. " People might have kuown my husband's niame, and they might have lheald of my lihaving run away witil him. Idid not want any story to get wind about me." Thie real truth was that she had chanced to hear that Lord Arlington was in thile habit of staying ones a year at Dingford, and she had decided to spend the summer there. Shelo khuew she would be tile most beautiful woman, one who would be certain to be talked about and brought under his notice, and she fancied that by a judicious behaviour and a discreet indifference to his attentions towards iher, she might aittain to that goal whlich now, just as she was obout to reach it, seemed to be recediug from hier stops. Perhaps hlie was not altogether so dis pleased as hlie appeared wohen lie first learnt from her lips that it was because of hier fear of driving him away from her that she lhad not been able to summuon sullicient courageo to tell him at first. Moreover, hlie argued withl himself, indeed that which had all along pleaded most powerfully with him, that lie should take her back, reinstate her once more in his heart, was the fact that she lhad never laid herself out to win him. She had been more outwardly indifferent, less given to welcome, or even to admit his attentions, than any woman he had over come across. Hle did niot know that having, in a very short time, with all the quick pef-ooption of her sex, observed the reception which was universally accorded to him, she had at once formed her plans, her resolution to adopt another course. A very simple one in eff-ect. For she hail merely resolved upon treat ing him and acting towardls him differently to nisy oie else. Certainly, hlie was being trcated very differently now to what he had ever imag iuol possible. The idea of marrying a widow was, at the first consideration of it, distasteful to him : lie would have infinitely preferred that hIis wife, the woman woho had won hIis choice, should have proved herself indifferent to any other suitor. Then, again, he reminded himself that it would ill become one bearing the name of Arlington to forswear his promise, to brealk hIis word. Had he not vowed to this woman that hlie would never change, that she should be his wife ? Anud, moreover, he told himself, as he gazed upon her imploring, agitated face, was lshe not beautiful, more to be admired than any one he had ever known ? Was not her fault almost expiated ? Was not the deception she had practised upon him almost allow. able, whecn she confiessed that it was because of her feelings towards him, her fear that he would turn away from her, and care for her no longer? " Ralph, won't you try to forgive me? won't you try to see how hard it was for me to have told you, believing as I did, that ) you would then have gone your way, and thought no more about me-that your love would never ihave been given to me ? Ah, do not say tshat you will take it all away from me and forsake me." Frances Legard's soft round arms were lifted slowly towards hIim, thie delicate lace sleeves having fallen back, shlowing them in all thsi-r perfection and whiteness; her bosom is heaving with ill-suppressed agitation, her beautiful imploring eyes are moist and lustrous, hier warm breath is floated softly over his face, and her beautiful figure is just within reach of his arms. "Ralpis, look at me for one moment I" she cried in a low whisper of enoutreaty; " musti I believe that you are hopelessly estranged from me ?" And in another instant, by an irresistible impulse, he Ilad wound his arm aroundher, hie had cauiht her to his breast in .a pas sionate embrace, such as she has never yet in the whole course of his lovemaking re ceived from hIim before. " My ofin Frances! I have been harsh, cruel, I have not made allowance for you. We will put the past behlini us, and begin our new life as if tilers haId never been a doubt between us." Her beauty, her subtle grace, had con quered him; and Frances Logard's face is wreathed in happy, contented smiles, as she rests confidingly, satisfied to the full bent of hier hopes and wishes, in her affianced hIusband's arms. "Fancy Arlington being married I " ex claimed one member of tile Raleigh to the other. " Why not ? " " Oh, I have always looked upon him as a boy, rather a spoilt boy, too. Thie ladies were always potting him and feeding him with all sorts of things in the way of homage and pretty sayings." "Oh, he isn't such a boy; he must be five-and- twenty if he's a day." " I know; but what's five-and-twentyl I A man mnay be asy age, even at five-and twenty. I only called hIim a boy because he is so impetuous and Qaixotic, and rather gives you the idea of being over-pleased with wihatever he has put his hIand to. However, I dare say marriage will weigh him down a bit; it generally helps to age a mall. And thenou these two habitues of the Raleigh laughed, as if they hhd each raised some aepropos reminiscence of their own in their minds, which had strauck some mirthful chord hIome to them. CHA~PTERIV T. " Frances, I should be glad if you can spare me a few moments' attention this morning." Lord Arlington addressed his wife anoross the breakfast-table, at the same time handing her a letter. "I want you to read this, if you please." Lady Arlington looked a little surprised at the request. She had just risen, intend ing to leave the table for her luxuriously furnished boudoir, when his request stayed her. With an air that betokened something like impatienc, she re-seated herself, and began slowly, and with a slight frown, to read the letter he had given her. It was now nearly five years since the beautiful bliss Legard-or rather the beauti ful Mrs. Sharpey, to give her her right name-had become Lord Arlington's wife. Since that time he had found she had changed in :many respects, or perhaps she had not changed so much as he had found out what her character was really like, and that the beautiful woman hlie had married had really no heart to give him, that what heart slse possessed was wrapped up in an ardent desire to shine as a star of the first fashion in the world, to be the leader in every social gathering which took place in the circle in which they moved,to look beauti ful always, to be always perfectly dressed, and to win as muchl admiration as it was possible for her to gain. To her husband she was always the same. There was very little variety in her manner towards him. At first she let liim like her -make as much of iher as he would. If sheo could niot return it, at least she would permit it. And this passive permission of hers in time cooled his passion-let it die down to something very much akin to that same immobility of hers which had so piq"ued his fancy when hlie had first met his wife. They were perfectly good frieuds-that was whavt tihe real position of their feelings were to each other. They were so friendly indeed that they were far more polite and more equable to each other tihan many lhusbands and wives who professed a far deeper and more genuine affection for each other. That characteristic impotiosity whilch had distinguished Lord Arlington in his earlier years, seemed now to have entirely died away-died itself out in fact. It seemed to have received a check, and that all his emotions, so to speak, were stagnant, and at a standstill. Whether he was disap pointed in his wife or not, it would have been impossible to say. He appeared rather to have made the bost of what he found her to be by accommodating himself to her-it was almost as if he were too proud not to be able to accept what fate had given him with an indifferenot demeanour. Perhaps any other ideas he might have at one time cherilshed, he had taught him self to consider as mere day dreams; and hlie laiughled at and despised himself for having thought they would ever be realised. HIe put them aside as a young man's vision. Why should he imagine that his wife was to be more to him than other people's wives were to their husbands, Lord Free mantle's, or Lord Bucklebsirg's, for in stance? He almost began to believo that his wrife was really attached to him, and more demonstrative to him, than other wives, when lhe once or twice compared her to them; at. least she seemed to like his society quite as muchl as any one else's. (To be Cosltiaued.,) 