THE COUNTESS CARIOLI. CHAPTER XIl. IT was a large party that sat down to dinner that night at Birdwood. The servants, Francesco especially, went mad with joy. He hugged and hissed his master over and over again. The chef, at first quite dis consolate at his inadequato preparations, surpassed himself, and stood grinning with delight when hlie was called into the dining room to be congratulated. Ruth had soon come to, and arrayed in one of Floronce's dresses, which it was discovered fitted her to perfection, looked shy but happy. Seated by Arthur's side, she exchanged such affectionate glances with him that poor Charley, who sat opposite to her, could scarcely eat his dinner for vexation. " Come now, Arthur, you owe us an explanation," 1 said, when we all gathored in the drawing-room, in which, fur once, we men were allowed to smokoe, so as not to break up the party. "I do," he answered. " Let me con gratulats the inspector uipon his acuteness; his statement will save me from going into many details. When I was stabbed I did not see who my assailant was, neither did Ruth. Under cover of the darkness lie made his escape. Closing the door, and obtaining a light, she found me lying in sensible on the ground, not knowing what had happened until she saw the blood and the fallen knife. Just at that moment a knock came at the door. Dropping the light, she carried me to herown room, laid me on her own bed, and then went back and opened the door at which the knocking ihad continued. It was from a tourist traveller, who wanted directing on his way. BShe begged him at once to run down into the village for aid. By the goodness of God hlie happened to be a young surgeon out for his holidays. He promptly gave me the benefit of his skill. By another merci ful providence the knife had missed a vital part, and had done me no serious harm. The surgeon stayed by me that night, and taking up his abode at the St. Kevius Arms as a tourist, remained till I was well enough to do without him. At my earnest request hlie kept my secret. Beneath the floor of the cottage was a room, hewed out of the solid rock, and lit by a window in a fissure in the Devil's Dyke. After the first day, I was removed there. It was an awkward job, but it was done. I remained till I was well enough to move, when the friendly surgeon fetched me away in the night to his own home, at Swansea." " But why not have returned home ?" we all asked. "I, too," he proceeded, " thought that the attempt on my life had been made by the countess. I knew her passionate dis position, and when I heard-for I did hear everything-that you were seeking to bring home the guilt to her, I felt vindictive enough to let you do so; but I always intended to appear when you had accom plished that purpose." May I tell the rest, Ruth ?" lie said, with a quiet smile, and taking her hand. She nodded her head. "I need not say how much I owe her," he went on." I was infatuated with liher beauty, and madly in love with her. I had told her so that afternoon; but she from the first utterly and entirely refused to have anything to do with me." OCharley heaved a great sigh of relief here. Ruth heard it, and with a slight inclinatieon of her head, gave him a sly glance from under her long eye-lashes. " I was begging her earnestly to have me for a lover, when I was struck. When I recovered nmy conscionseness, and found I owed my life to her gentle care and affection, I was worse than over in love with her. But she put the matter so firmly and strongly before me -- she showed mne so clearly that my duty lay in another direction, that in short I had only yielded to a passing fancy, that at last I saw the matter with her eyes. That is all I have to tell you about myself." "But what," lie continued, " am I to say to this destroyer of deeds and upsetter of old men's intentions ? I confess I was as much taken aback by her conduct this afternoon as any of you. What can I do? ' Take half, Ruth,' lie said pleadingly, if not for my sake, for the sake of-" Ruth blushed uip to the roots of her hair. " Ahl I I see, I need say no more. Charley, my dear boy, I have heard all about your now avocation as an art teacher-artful teacher, I think I ought to say. Take heer, the day you marry her you become master of Birdwood." " And you ?" said Charley, taking his friend's hand. Arthur sorrowfully shook his head. As we retired to rest that night, I silently placed in Arthur's hand the packet entrusted to my care by the countess, together with her letter to me. " Good-night, dear Gus. Thanks for all your love and kindness." " Good-night, Arthur. Thank God you are back, and in the flesh. But tell me, did you ever prowl about at night in the grounds ?" Arthur loohsod at me with some surprise, and then said, " Oncee only, the night I left for Swansea. I took a turn round the garden, and a look at the house. Why do you ask ?" "Because I saw you." "Did you think it was my ghost ?" he laughed. ''No, but I thought that for oice in my life, I had taken temporary leave of my senses." With a firm grasp of the hand, he again bade me "good-night." Poor countess, how I have wronged her I thought, and yet I added, with lawyer-like prejudice in favour of my own opinions, appearances were strongly against her. Before he started for London next day, Arthur asked me to accompany hint for ai walk over the estate. "I must say good-by," he said. " Good-by ?" I echoed. "Yes, good-by. When I leave here I shall not return again." " What ara your plans then ?" I asked. " It is to talk of them that I asked yous to come with me, and when I have paid a round of calls I will unfold them." So we went from cottage to cottage, and though he called all his old cynicism to his aid, and tried to assume the old air of in difference, it was a failure. HIe seemed, to the simple-minded people on the estate, like one having risen from the dead; and their regrets, when he intimated his intention of leaving, were evidently sincere, and showed how his genial good- nature, so different from that of his uncle, who had been a somewhat austere landlord, had won their hearts. " And now, dear Gus," he said, as he sat down on a piece of rock and lighted a cigar, " bear with me a little while. Toll me all about lar." I divined at once whom he meant, hence forth there could be but one woman to him. I told him all that had happened, and how I had found her prostrate in the drawing-room, when she gave me the letters. "Poor darling 1" he said, when I had done, giving inme the letter she had addressed to him to read. He buried his face in his hands, and sobbed like a child. The letter was a very brief one. It was in Italian, and ran thus: "Dearest One,-Why did you bring me to your cold country to break my heart ? But I reproach you not. I love you. Ah I you know not how much. I love you so that I go. I feel in my heart that you are not dead. When I go you will return. Our Holy Church will receive me. Seek me not. I am rightly punished for my wicked ness. I deceived you. Will you ever forgive inme ? Try to forget me. God was just, and saved me from the great sin. Be happy with the woman you love. I hate her not. I write this on my knees, implor ing blessings on you. Farewell. Forgive and forget your unhappy " 1AIOAoiunITA." The trembling handwriting and the blotted lines showed how great had been the mental agony of the writer. I handed it back to Arthur without a word. What could I say ? What comfort could I offer him ? That the old love had come back to him I doubted not, but to what purpose-only to inorease the misery of his position. He could not marry her, for an insuperable objection stood in the way. When I looked at my old friend and saw the traces that sickness and anguish of mind had left upon him, my old resentment against the woman that had caused it broke out anew in my heart. The stalwart form was bowed and the sunny smile was gone from his face, which was now pale and haggard. After a little silence I again ventured to ask him what his plans were. " I must go to her," he said, "and ask her forgiveness." " And then ?" " Then I shall go to Italy and woo my old mistress, Art." " Oh, Gus, what a fool I have been," be broke out passionately. "I have thrown away that which I can never regain. I know she loved me, but I had no idea it was with such a passion." " Sohe will forgive you," I said. "I have no hope. I know hier proud spirit, and how she will resent the insults we have put upon her." " Nay, judge not too hastily. See how we have all wronged her-how mistaken we have been." "Yes, indeed, the devotion of the rest of my life to her would never balance the evil I have wrought." " Think not of that, but of reparation," I urged; she, too, needs forgiveness." Arthur shook his head sadly. "I have no hope," he said, presently, " but I will go at once to her. Yet what madness it is. I cannot marry her. To love her now is ais crime. She is the wife of another," and the poor fellow turned away his face from me. " Conme," I said, presently, " the day is cold, and you are not so well as to be able to play tricks." " One moment," he returned, " I have one thing yet to say. It is about yourself." Taking my hand in his, he went on, " How can I repay you for all your devotion to me ? " " By saying nothing about it; I have been well repaid," I added with a smile. Something like the old look came into his face, as lie again slhook my hand and said " Florense, yes, I am glad of it, she is a girl of ai thousand, she will make you a good wife, Gus." " I think so." " God bless you both, I will not forgot you." and putting his arm in mine, we strolled home, We were both too occupied with our own thoughts to say much. A few hours afterwards, Arthur and the inspector, attended by Francesco, started for London. Beyond a continual repetition of his opinion. " that it was a rum go, blest if it wasn't, taken altogether," which hlie de livered confidentially to everybody about the place, the inspector said very little about the matter that had brought him down to Bird wood. 1ie was evidently disappointed at the collapse of the business, out of which he expected to get come considerable profes sionable reputation. I have however reason to believe that his disappointment was con siderably diminished on the way home by a liberal order from Arthur on the Bank of England. " I suppose I may take my men off that there Countess ?" he whispered to me as he left. " Certainly, and at once," I said. " All right, sir. But it's a rum go, ain't it ? " With these words, and the puzzled look upon his face that it had worn since the previous night, hlie placed himself beside Arthur in the carriage. " Good-by; God bless you all," were the last words upon his lips as it drove off, and carried away for ever from Birdwood the mani who came so unexpectedly into possession of it, and had dispossessed him self of it under such strange circumstances. In at few days Birdwood was altogether deserted. It was of course impossible that Ruth could return to the cottage on the cliff. The old solicitor who had been, by the will, ap pointed her guardian, offered a home and suitable companionship. Charley, how ever, had to return to London. He had a big picture in hand for the academy, and lie could not afford to waste any more time if he meant to get it finished by sendiug-iu day. After much consideration it was arranged that Ruth should go home with Florence. Brought up as she had beoon she had much to unlearn and more to learn. It astonished us all, however, to see how marvellously she adapted herself to her altered circumstances. Florence's wardrobe was amply sufficient to enable her to discard the humble dress to which she had been accustomed all her life. It was however put away at Charley's request, and became finally one of the most cherished properties of his studio. Thle portrait of a Welsh peasant girl standing on the edge of a cliff with her eyes fixed on the sea and her hands clasped behind her head, was his diploma pictueeo when he was elected A.R.A. Before leaving, Beruth paid a visit to the cottage, in which she asked us to let her re main by herself for. a quarter of au. hour. She had not been seen by the villagers since the events described in the last chapter; and when it became known that she had re visited the little home where she had spent the eighteen years of her life, every one ar rived to offer her their congratulations. It was with a smile of bashful delight on her face that she opened tihe door, to receive the good wishes of her old acquaintances, who crowded round her. Having shaken hands with them all, and given directions that the cottage should be left undisturbed in every way, she bade them all good-by. With the portrait of .herself, that Arthur had painted, in her hand, she cast a long and lingering look around, and then putting iher arm in that of Charley's, she led the way to what was now her own home. The next day we all left, and as we passed through the village in an open carriage, her acknowledgments of the salu tions of the people might have been those of a queen and were well worthy of the new mistress of Birdwood. And, indeed, she did look lovely, Charley could not take his eyes off her, as she lay back in thie carriage wrapped in soft furs and with iher face radiant with an ineffable happiness. 