THE By S. BARING-GOULD, Author o! "Mshalab," "Oonrfc Royal," "John Herring," "The Garerooks," &o.; Published by Bpeelal arrangement witb the Author, ' All rights reserved, - CHAPTER XXXVI.-DEPOSED. Gone as a dream-that brief period of hope and happiness and comfort. Philip had a disquieting prospect opening before him, as disquieting aa that which drove Mrs. Sldebottom from England, but different In kind. ^Philip was ready enough to account for every penny, and return all the money undiminished which had come to his chare. What troubled him waa the fearful look* out of a return to furnished lcdgings. He saw himself about to be cast forth from the elegancies, the conveni ences of life, and caBt down to Its vul garities and discomforts. He saw himself about to be transferred from the cushioned carriage on the smooth road to a buggy on a corderoy way, allj olts and kicks and plunges and breakdowns. He was about to descend from succulent joints and savory entre mets to mutton chops alternating Into beef-steaks, from claret to bitter beer, from a place of authority to one of sub mission, from progress to Btagnathn, from a house of his own over which to range at pleasure to confinement within two rooms, one opening out of the other. He must go back to streaky forks and spoons that at dinner recalled the egg of breakfast, to knives with adhesive handles and tumblers frosted with finger marks, to mirror frames encased in fly*proof snipped green paper and beaded flower-mats, a horsehair sofa, a cruet Btand with old crusted mustard and venerable Worcester sauce in It, to wax fruit under a glass shade, as covered with dust as a Peruvian Island with guano, to folding doors Into the adjacent bedroom, and to curtainstiedback with discarded bonnetribbons. Sutit would have been bad enough for Philip, now ac customed to better things, to have had the prospect before him of descending alone; but he was no longer alone, he had a wife, who, however, was absent, _ and about whose return he was uncertain. And he had with him the encumbrance of a baby; and the encumbrance of a baby drew with it a train of dissatisfied and departing nurses, one after another, like the pro cesBion of kingB revealed to Macbeth la Hecate's cave. A babe In a lodging-houae'is as out of place as was the ancestral Stanley found in an eagle's nest on the top of a pine, of which the family crest preserves a reminiscence. Uncle Jeremiah waa restored to strength, moral as well as physical. He no longer thought of his heart, he allowed it to manage its pulsations unconsidered. He was heartily glad that he had been saved committing an act of egregious folly, and he was prepared now to meet Salome without a twinge. - Common sense had resumed the place of upper hand and the temporary disturbance was over for ever. To every man comes at some period after he has begun to decline a great horror of old age, an agonising clutch at the pleasures and follies of youth, a time of intoxication when he is not responsible for his acts, an Intoxication produced by fearleat life with Its roses Bhould have pasBed and left only thorns behind and decay. Men whose lives have been spent in business, subjected to routine, who have not thought of love and amusement, of laughter and idleness, are suddenly roused to find themselves old and standing out of the ruBh of merriment and the sunshine of happiness. Then they make a frantic effort to seize what hitherto they have despised, to hug to their hearts what they have formerly cast away. It Is the St. Luke's summer, a faint reflex of the departed gloiy and warmth, a last Bmile before the arrival of the wintry gales. No moment In life is so fraught wich danger as this -at none is there more risk of shipwreck to reputation. Now that Jeremiah had passed through this period, he could survey its rlBks with a smile and a sense of self-pity and a little self-contempt. He who had always esteemed himself Btrong had discovered that he could be weak, and perhaps this lesson had made him more lenient with the infirmities of others. He returned to his friend John Dale, looking older by some years, but also more hale. He had touched the earth, but had risen from it stronger than when he fell. On reaching Bridlington he [learned from Dale the state of matters at Merga troyd. Whilst there a hasty note arrived for Mr. Dale from Salome to Bay that she was leaving, with her'husband's consent, to be with her Bister In Switzerland, and both thought they could read between the lines that there had been a fresh difference with Philip. Thereupon Jeremiah went to Merga troyd, and came In unexpectedly and un announced on Philip. Jeremiah Pennycomequick had not de cided what course to pursue with regard to his sister and nephew. He was conscious that he had played them a trick, that he had put them to a test which he was not justified in applying to them. He was angry with both-with his half sister for the precipitation with which she had accepted and certified his death, and with Philip for hi3 treatment of Salome. He did not disguise from himself that his Interference In such a delicate matter as a quarrel, or an estrangement, between husband and wife, might make the breach worse. When he arrived at Mergatroyd he had not resolved what course to take. He sat up half the night witii Philip. "You will find," aaid the latter with some pride, " that I have maintained the business In a healthy condition; it is not In the condition It was during the Conti nental war which affected linen aa well as other things, but that was of its nature ephemeral. It rests on a sound basis Go through the books and satisfy your self. My aunt,". there waa a tone of bitterness when he added this-"My aunt watched the conduct of the factory with a jealous eye, and did not trust my accounts without a scrutiny. As for what was in the bank, I can give an account of every penny, and the securities, such as came to me, are untouched." " I will look into these matters at my leisure," said Jeremiah, "and if I find that matters are aa you say I will let you down lightly ; only, I forewarn you, let down you will be. And now a word about Salome." " My wife," said Philip'shortly. " Your wife-exactly-but " " With regard to my wife, I brook no Interference," said Philip haughtily. "The mill is your affair, my domestic relations are my own." "You cry out before you are hurt," retorted Jeremiah; "lam not about to Interfere. I know that you are greatly disconcerted at the discovery as to the parentage of your wife." Philip held up his head stiffly and closed his lips tightly. He said nothing. "I am not Intermeddling," continued Jeremiah, " but I wish you to understand this-that I have some claim to speak a word for Salome, whom I have always that Is to say-whom I have looked upon with fatherly regard. The two little girls grew up In my house ; not a day passed. but I saw them; I rode them as Infants at my knee ; I bought them toys. They ran to meet me-cupboard love, ©f course when I came from the mill, because I had oranges or sweet things In my pocket. I took pride in them as they became bloom ing girls, I saw that they were well taught. After dinner they soothed me with their music, and when I was dull enlivened me with their prattle. Have I then no right to speak a word for one or the other? I have been to them more than a father. Their father deserted them as soon as .they were born, but I have nurtured and clothed them, and seen to the development of their minds and the disciplining of their characters. Ib la abanrd of you to deny me the right to speak. To interfere ia not my purpose." " Very well, I will listen." "Then let me tell you this-I known who their father was. When Mrs. CUB worth came into this house she very honestly told me the truth about them, and by my advice she kept her counsel. It could do them only harm-cloud their joys, to know that they had a disreputable father. We knew nothing of the man's subsequent history. He had disap peared, and might be-as we hoped dead. But, even if alive, we did not suppose he would care to come in quest of his twin daughters, and we trusted should he do this that he would not find them. !We hoped that he might not conjecture that the children had been adopted by their aunt and that she had moved into Yorkshire toMergatroyd. Neither Salome nor Janet knew who ihelr father was, or rather both supposed him to be that worthy man who perished so lamentably in my service. By what means he made the discovery and got on their track I do not know, and I hardly care to know. If I could take Into my house the children of euch a man, ib hardly becomes you " Philip interrupted his uncle. "That fellow Schofield never injured you as he did my father. He not only ruined him, but he also was the cause of his estrange ment from you, or rather yours from him." " Bear the man what grudge you will," said Jeremiah hastily, " but do not visit his offences on the head of his unoffend ing child." Philip stood up. He was angry, but not to be moved from his stiffness of manner. " I think," said he, " you will be tired. I am, and probably bed is the best place for both. As this is now your house and 1 am an Intruder in it, I must ask per mission to occupy my. room for to-night." Jeremiah laughed, " And you-a lawyer I Why, you are in legal possession, and till there is a re versal of the sentence of the Probate Court I have no more rights than a ghost. No I am your guest." (To be continued.) a I-* 