"TRUTH ABOUT RUSSIA,"* The Internal condition of Russia must exercise a most important influence on the European situation, and the book which Mr. Stead, the editor of the Pall Mall < azetle, has written on the subject baa naturally attracted attention. The work 1b the outcome of a visit which the author paid to Russia last summer, and In It he discusses the internal politics of the country, and expresses the opinions he has formed hi regard to its foreign poliojV His views, generally speaking, might have been inferred beforehand from the attitude of his paper toward* all questions concerning Russia. Four years ago it obtained some distinction by its almost intemperate advocacy of the Russian claims hi the dispute with Eng land about Afghanistan. Later on, whan the forcible dethronement of Prince Alexander of Bulgaria, through the Instru mentality of the Cztr, was adversely criti cised in almost every other quarter, the Russian Government still found in the Pall Mall Gazette an ardent champion. Mr. Stead's remarkable affection for Ros eia and belief in the wisdom and honatty of its rulers have increased if snjtfung since his visit to the Czar's dominions, which, according to his own account, be quitted with a profound aa snraijce that Russia had no desire, and would be the last indeed to disturb the peace of Europe. Mr. Stead describes the conduct of Rnasia In the councils of Europe as having for Its object the maintenance of peace, the integrity of treaties, and the independenceof oppressed nationalities. frhw Bulgarian Incident might, on such an hypothesis, be thought rather difficult to explain away. Mr, Stead essays the task, however, sod con tends that the abdication of Prince Alex ander was the best thing possible for the Bulgarians. It was also, he adds, the fairest thing possible for the Rosdans. "They spent 100,000 men and 109 millions of treasure to liberate anatlonility which, ten yean after Its creation. Is In the hands of an avowedly anti-Rasslan administration. Russia feels that she has been ousted from her rightful position In the principality which she has created, and that Austria has ran off with toe ojeter after Russia bad opened the ahelL" Be blames Lord Salisbury in rather warm terms for his slowness to discover the Impossibility of Prince Alexander's resto ration, after his offer of submission to the Czar, the Czar's unfavorable reply, and the refcual of Prince Bismarck t> interfere. Lord Salisbury sets, and alwa^B has set, Inordinate value apon tha friendship of Austria. This at least, eays Mr. Stead, referring to the famous Guild hall speech, in which Lord Salisbury dis cutred the contingencies In which England might be compelled to go to war, and virtually promised Austria that if aha chose to fight Russia she would not have to fight alone. AUSTRIA, THE DISTURBER. This subordination of English to Austrian policy Me Stead deems more reprehensible because the real menace to the peace of Europe comes not from Russia, but from Austria He eays—*"The one danger-point visible on the European hoiizon Is cot France, is not Russia, it is Austria. If there is a war in Europe In the next twelve months, there is little doubt but that it will be provoked by Austria. Austria is the only dancer. Austria Is at this moment the only Power whose posi tion is contrary to European treaties. Austria is the only Power which is pur euine a policy that may make war in evitable. Austria is'the only Btate than Is making military preparations altogether 1a excess of its financial resources. . And at the same time that Austria's foreign policy Is bo directly provocative of war, her internal condition la aneh that no one can predict what a day may bring forth. In tie composite conglomerate of heterogeneous nationalities which —mlra tap the Austrian State there Is only one com pact and important element. There are only five million Magyars in Aastrla- HoDgary, bat they are more powerful than the thirty millions of their fellow subjects. The Germans look to Bxiin, the Slavs to St. Petersburg or to Moscow. The Magyars look to themselves. They are a brave and reckless race, fall of martial fire, inspired by the memory of their past, and accustomed from of oU to all the arts that give men power and place in political life. In Hungary there are but five millions of them oat of fifteen and a half millions, bat the five millions rule the ten; nay, the ten hardly count against the five. They are in the position of an ascendant nationality, threatened with redaction to the level of the masses which at present are but as the pedestal of Its power. The artificiality of their position mikes them recklets. The memory of their disap pointment In 1849, when the Russians crushed their rebellion, and restored the Hapsburg in the name of law, order, and the peace of Europe, has filled them with inextinguishable hatred of the Russian, whom they dread as much for what be may do in the future as they hate him for what he has done in the past. It is these Magyars who will make war if they can, and make it now. They are the only people In Europe who do not conceal their desire for war. They are ?.nim?t?fl at once by racehatred and by the dread which ever haunts an oligarchy when it sees the stir ring of the democratic depths beneath the whispers of the northern wind. All this is true. It may be said, but it was not less ttue last year and the year before. Why are the Msgjars more dangerous now than they were then ? The answer la simple. The Magyars are more dangerous to-day btcaute they believe that they are in a position in which they can force the hand of Germany, and secure for their attack upon Bussia the support of the strongest military Power in JBurope. Taat is a chance which does not occur every day." Austria Hungary Is mulol plvfog her battalions and piling up new debt. Nobody believes in the future of this singularly composite state, except the financiers whose calculations extend only from one loan to another, and who. In ai>y case, stand to lose nothing. The bond which holds the ao-called empire to gether Is the sovereign and his army, and whenever the day shall come, when com mon nationality is no longer recognised as the trne bond, the empire will be no more." INTERNAL STATE OF RUSSIA Id striking contrast is Mr. stead's pic ture of the atate of Russia He refers to Nihilism as a declining power, and says than on the peasantry it never had much hold. Five-sixths ot die peasant population he affirms are loyal to the Czar, and he denies that rural discontent, when It existed, was ever due to the socialistic propa ganda. It arose out of the general poverty of the country and the failure of the authorities to keep even post roads free from robbers. It is to the warm attachment of the great masses of the peasantry to the Czar that the Russian Government has owed its great stability. Mr. Stead contends that "if a plebiscite were taken to morrow there would be an overwhelming majority of votes in favor of the existing Government." Nihilism draws Its adherents from tha upper rather than the lower classes, and the reason Is clearly stated. Since 1862 tha attitude of the Russian nobles—that is to say the landed proprietors —towards the Government has been one of mistrust. They have been deprived of valued privi leges, to say nothing of huge portions of their estates, and they have received no political compensation In return. After the owners had been assured by the Go vernment that their right to the land waa Inviolable the proprietor found himself as a, general role obliged to oede two thirds, of bis estate to peasants who did not perform if e conditions on which it was mane over U him. Without, therefore, ranging him ?* f with the Nihilists, he conld not but find a place among the discontented • "Truth ajmot Kaatia," by W, X. Stead (Cs*EeU&Oa.;,Lo?do?>. tJ?U?? eiie by side *;tb lie p^isiuis — Vfco baveneUher all the land nor perhaps qthe M much liberty as they hope f or— and O? cffiofels who, greedy and grasping ?s they are justly considered, are ?t the ta?? time Inadequately paid. The coo perative fndiserence with which tho pro cetal?ge, of the Nihilists have op to the present time been regarded by the tipper classes in Russia can be BCCttttted for only fa one way—by the fact that although, the victory of the Nihilists over the Government would mean • destruction of society, that of the Government over the Nihilist* would, however desirable in itself, leave things just as they are now—just in fact as they fcsve been in Russia for generations put. • The acts cf die Nihilists are full of "sosnd stud fary," though it can hardly fee Jtald of them that they "signify nothing." There 1b very little chance, fcowever, of these unscrupulous marderera and incendiaries succeeding in their de signs to such a point as to subvert the existing form of government, and replace it by anarchy. Were such a result pos sible, It may be that the prospect would have a perceptible effect in bringtag tu the support of the Imperial power, numbers of disaffected—or perhaps it would be enough to say uninterested— persons, who have hitherto been content Eimplj to look on. TBE TEKAL SYSTEM. Mr. Stead discusses at some length and in a not unfavorable manner, the Hessian penal system. The worst days of Siberia are closing, and indeed since the accession of the late Czar, the condition of the convicts has been improving, until at the present tine, the complaint in Russia is, not that they are cruelly treated, but that their punishment is so mild as to act as no deterrent on evil doen. To an educated, cultured man cr woman, banishment from S;. Petersburg or Moscow might doubtless seem terrible, but to the majority of ordinary offenders to be sentenced to police supervision in another portion of the empire is not, if we may believe Mr. Stead, nearly so horrible as was pfctorfally represented in recent issues of the Century Magazine. Nor In reality is it much * dirgrace. In Tobolsk, Omsk, Tjussen, Tomsk, or Irkutsk *• unfortu nates "— as they are euphemistically termed—are too numerous to be put under the moral ban. The least CTf?"<n^ are virtually free, and constitute as thtir talents, accomplishments, and political reputation entitle them to do the "beet society" of the cities, in which they have plenty of secret and open sympathisers. Of course there are also tie common convicts, who hare been transported for crimes not too heavily punished by forced labor in the mints, and, In a country where the death penalty is sparingly inflicted, the general gaol delivery every spring increases their number. Naturally, these thieves, homi cides, and similar malefactors, are anxious to pars for political offenders, and many of the tales current abroad have their origin In the mendacious or exaggerated namttves of people of this description. Mr. Stead quotes the experience of Dr. Landells, the English traveller ia Siberia, who put on record his astonish ment at tiie laxity of discipline which met his notice at every step of his transcontinental journey. He had been led to believe that work In the rnktim certain death to the convict laborer. But instead of seeing anything akin to the slavery such as he had beard of, he witnessed offences of a serious character punished by enforced toil not one whit more severe than that which thousands of ordinary pitmen and Ironworkers volun tarily endure for food, clothing, and shelter in no way better. Ever since the death of Nicholas the convicts have been divided into three classes. Bat with the exception of the worst criminals, none are very hardly used. Many of the tesond class on becoming "exptrees" are allotted !asd, and become prosperous colonists, while the third, or highest divlsiiu of the exiles, are considered to have expiated then- offences by the tine they arrive in the country, and are at once established ia villages as settlers, the only restriction on thtir freedom of action being that they must follow agriculture or whatever other occupation may be allotted to them. cmusniG asi*. Mr. Stead dwells naturally at some length upon the revolution which the Buesians hare been fffectfng Ia northern and central Asia, and which is rarely noted except to extract mat^u\g for what he himself describes as an international bug bear. A century ago Asiatic Russia was a waste and • wilderness. It has been weldid by a wonderful continuity of policy into a powerful empire. In that freedom, as Mr. Stead candidly admits, there are frequent sod deplorable blemishes. Foreign goodwill ha* been £Etz*x>ged from it by a spirit of com mental and political jealousy, as unpro fitable as it is ungenerous and unjust. Hanh and inequitable pretexts have been embraced for extending Russian Bway. The hunger for territory has not yet been appeased, and awakens inevitable mistrust. On the aide both of Chinese Enid ja, and of the Tekke oasis, It has by tzocempalocf ambition in the past caned against Its future quietude a nest of im placable frontier Irritations. But the actual state of central Asia has only to be compared with- that which it has re placed, for the world to be unable to deny that whatever the motives, and whatever the news, Russia lias accomplished east of the Ural Mountains a work by which mullnd have permanently benefited. Regions, the seat of anarchy and the nur sery of robbers, hare been converted Into possible habitations for peaceable human beings. Travellers may pass through thousands of miles of territory which a few years since could have been safely traversed scarcely by an army. Com merce atd agriculture have begun to tiourifch in districts given up fcr ages to nomad lawlessness. C3 WILL RCSsIA IHVADE IXDU: Of course the qnestion may be asked — and it is one that demands an answer— whether the policy which Russia is now pnieolng with such prescient tenacity will stop short of the frontiers of India. Mr. Stead answers warmly in the affirmative. Be aay?:—"The idea that the Russians either as a people or as a Government contemplate the design of the invasion and conquest of India Is one cf those delusions which are to nations what evil spirits were to individuals in the days of * possession.' The Russians no more contemplate the conquest of India than oar Jingoes contemplate the coaquest of Poland, but both Russians i and .Jingoes agree in believing chat if ! necessity should arise they can make a < good deal of trouble each for the other— the one ia India, the other in Poland. The more dearly it is recognised that there is no more question of an Invasion of India in force by the Russian army than ! tin* is of the entry of Lord Wolseley into Warsaw at the head of a British Army corps, the more likely is it that we fehallcee where our real danger lies, for thao there is real danger of some kind from the proximity of Russia and Eng land in Asia is indubitable. It is hope leM attempting to face the real danger until we bave definitely dismissed the imaginary peril from our minds. What is the real danger? The real danger is largely self created, bat still it exists. It constate in the idea, with which our own wrlteta and offidals have so diligently inoculated the Asiatic mind, that every advance cf Russia in the direction of Afghanistan endangers our position in India. The strength of the Russians for mttdtief ia sot material, bat moral. It ts bated not upon the proximity of their cantons, but npon the übiquity of oar alarmists. Lord Lytton was probsbly the n*?et ?£eetive agent who ever served the RoMiafte in Asia. He and hia troupe of panic mergers could not tare done the Csu* wc*fc better if tfcty fc?i fe&ea; ' charted ?>£ih rccbiee ae &dver; tiring sf act-* oi Muscovy. By their {csa and their fidget and their reckless expenditure oi life and money in crdev to conj are avay the mere shadow cf a Coasaik on the far tide of Afghanistan they convinced our fellow subjects in India that Russia possessed a capacity for upsetting ouc Empire, which in reality she locks. While the Germane and the Jews between them have been steadily co-operating in Europe to depreciate the rouble and impair Russian credit, our Jingoes and Anglo-Indians have in the most reckless fashion set themselves to raise Russian credit u much above par in Asia as the rouble is below par in Europe. Lord Salisbury once remarked to General Ignatleff that,unlef si-amor lied, Russia had many agenta in India. * Thousands of j agents,'coolly replied the ablest Russian in the diplomatic service. *We have literally tbosands of most useful agents In India.' { *Whatdofonmean?'aBkedLordSal!sbary, In some amazement at the cynlcil avowal. 'Our agents', replied General Ignatleff, 'are headed by your own Viceroy, and they include almost every official in yonr ser vice and every newspaper writer in ladia. They occupy themselves constantly In doing far more effectively than any one else could do it the kind of work for which we are supposed to employ agente in other countries. They disquiet the minds of the well-disposed by spreading fears of a Russian advance; they encourage the hopes of the ill disposed by simulating alarm at our approach; they fill the baztara with stories of our irresisttbla prowess, and in short, they do everything that we could wish to magnify our reputation and pre pare every maucais snjet, every native who lf> discontented with your Government, to turn with longing and hopeful gazs to wards the great White Czir, General Ignatitff was right. There is no room for Russian agents in Russian pay in India, The ground is covered from the Himalayas toCeylon with far more effective auxiliaries who draw British pay but do the Russian's work. Now that the actual Russian has come alongside the Afghan frontier 1c is to be hoped that this reckless bulling of Russian prestige in Asia will be abandoned by our people. Bat it it too late to undo the mischief which 50 years of hysterical and morbid alarmlsm have worked in India. It has given the Russians a vantage ground which all their artillery could not hare secured them, and It Is a vantage ground 'which they would be more than human if they did not use to their profit and to our inconvenience. Their rail way enables them to deliver troops on the Afghan frontier a couple of days after they are lauded from their base on the Caspian. Although this single line of railway drawn across the deeert is of little use for the transport of an invading army it is all that Is re quired to forniih the semblance of danger. The delusion, although as na real as Pepper's ghost, is quite as startling to those who do not know the trick. Unless there Is a complete change in our relations with the Russians, unless cordiality succeeds distrust, and loyal co operation in Asia and in Europe replaces the present tension of hostility and in trigue, the Russians have us at an im mense disadvantage oa the Afghan border, : not because they are in a position to do ca any injury whatever, but becuise they I can so practice on our idiotic, self-created fears as to drive us almost to the verge of imperial suicide. They cannot do us any harm, but they can make us do Immense harm to ourselves." It la signi ficant, Mr. Stead adds, that in spite of all the clamor no Russian soldier has ever cone within range of our Indian outposts. A PORTRAIT OK THE CZ4.R. -Baring thus surveyed the quetxi<>aa of foreign politics, which would reqiire con sideration in an attempt which Mr. Stead uig.s should be hastened to establish a geiitral Mud its iMtWi between Eugltnd and Rucsla, the author devotes an in t<rettii>g chapter to the personality of the Czar, which needless to say is a eulrgUtic one. '* Alexander 111 ," he ttatts '"from th?s point of view of the <-ht<):t<, between England and Russia, Is aln.est an ideal Emperor. If you co ild inline a human bilng who w*? au /■•..■/ Lord Hartirgtoc. aud at the same tiu:-. itnhned with the religious tetnpertment of Mr. Bright, and the infente domes ticity of Lord Granvil'e. you would con jore up a conception which is as nearly as possible the English equivalent of the Russian Emperor. 1 here is iu him a deep natural piety, such as tbst which forms the background of the : Quaker soul ; he Is devoted to his wife , and children, but his intellectual typa : most closely resembles that of Lord Hart '\ irgton. That Is to ray, his Is a mind not i viewy—not given to speculation—a mind solid and sure, practical and sound— which brings to the consideration of every question when it arises, but not bafora. the business like common sense and strict integrity of purpose which characterise the leader cf our Liberal Unionist*. It ia the . mind of a man who Is capable both of in spiring and of reposing confidence— an hon est man, who endeavors to see things from the etacdpo nt of justice, and then who automatically sant, phrase tries to do ri^ht. Ail agree in declaring that although he is slow to move, deliberate in the ex treme in making up his mind, whea his resolution is once taken and his foot is once put down, no consideration on earth will Induce hint to take it up. Ouly on one condition will he rec insider a decision once formed. If I', can be gloved to him that he has been misln foimed, if he ie convinced that what he ' believed to be a fact, and which wis allowed to Influence bis policy as each, was iio fact, but a fiction, then, with the honesty and sense of justice which are his pre eminent characteristic?, he will ! frankly and publicly own himself in the wrong. The Emperor is a strong man who takes Bbort views. He sees what he believes to be his duty from day to day, aid he does it honestly to the best of his abili'.y, (n the spirit ' of<tbe maxim that 'sufficient to j tie" dey is the evil thereof,' aud , in the fauh that strength sufficient for the ' day will be given him from on high, j The Emperor does not seem bowed down I or crushed beneath the Imperial load, ! the foil weight of which neither he nor any one can adequately realise. He etatds erect and joyous, cheerful, with out bravado, with the simple open faje of a man who has preserved amid ail the affairs of State the heart of a little child. Thoee who know him well say that he is totally free from that worrying fretful peas, that wearying anxiety, which is incompatible with sincere faith in the piovldenca of God. frot by his own will or of his own choice was he called to this perilous post, from which he can only be relieved by death. Until he is relieved he will hold it, often painfully conscious of liis own fchortcomiug*, but nevertheless doing his duty as best he can, according to his lights, aiid learioc the tent to G^id. The Emperor is notoriously desirous of coming to a good understanding and a Ltartjr working agreement wiih JfingUnd. The Emperor ie eminently a healthy man. He 1b the kicks sana iu <;o</x)i<\- nino. 'He I has a good head,' 1 remarked to an am bassador in St. Petersburg. ' And what is of even more importance,' was the re ply, 'he has got a good stomach.' He is Dot nervous and doe? not get into fidgets. All his habits are regular." It has indeed been credibly stated that so rao6culu is the Czar that with compara i;e ease he can twist an iron horseshoe into a spiral tiltn, CtKtBAl. IGKATIEFF. Of the far-famed General Igo&tlefi; the portrait is no lees effectively drawn. This eminent warrior and diplomatist, " the fiuEe!&nGlAdetone;, :>ABMr Steaddeserlbes him, has had an eventful career. Born in 1832 he had the Emperor Nicholas for his godfather ?od rabsequenUy patron. He served In the Crimea, and aieerwxrds gained favor In St. Petersburg for a re port which he drev cp. alter pertcnal in *?:igaikii, ofc tie fnucfa s&Uitary; pc?i tion ta India. He tock a prominent pirb in the negotiations whish preceded and followed the Rnsso-Tarkisk war, and is a warm supporter of the traditional fius?ian policy bath in Europe and Asia. In describing IgoatieS and discussing his merits Mr. Stead evl- j dectly has a congenial subject. He writes:— \ " General Ignatieff naturally im presses all those who meet him with his ability. Almost alone among the psli- ! ticl&ns; whom 1 met In St. Petersburg, he combines political insight, personal dis interestedness, and indomitable energy. It was an immense relief to talk with a man of such luminous ideas, so full of daily and so buoyantly conscious of his own initial velocity. General ignatleC, discredited in certain quarters on account of hlfl passionate nationalism and iita ex treme devotion to the Russian cause, is yet thoroughly imbued with modern ideas, and his mind is open to all the higher inspirations of the democratic movement of the nfcseteenth century ; for therein Count Ignatleff differs greatly from come of the ablest of his countrymen. Same are European, aad not Russian ; others are Russian, acd not European. Ha is both Russian and European. " Butbeforejsurrendtiring myself to the charm of General Ignatieff I fenced myself round with a very chcm>uc de frise of mirgivings and suspicious questionings. At bottom all these dis quietudes sprang from one root, which, broadly speakiug, was the doubt in the veracity of one who had borne for so maty years the nnenviable sobriquet of the * Father of Lies.' I took occasion, iu the course of one of my many conversa tions with the general, to enquire how it was that he had acquired so evil a repats tion . . . * I will tell you all abjut It,1 said be pleasantly. ' First of all, let us take the " Father of Lies." This is the way In which that name was applied to me. Many years ago, jast after I had been appointed ambassador at the Porte, a certain German Jew who had been em ployed as an egent of the Third Sec tion of tbe town police, thought that he could make a little addition to bis income by publishing a beck about people in St. Petersburg society. When the book was passing through the press he wrote to me a litter in which he informed me that he had included me in his sketches, aud that he had seen fit to describe me as bearing the name of the " Father cf Lies." Ic was hb title for me, aud ha Intimated that If I would transmit to him at once tbe trilling little mm of 2,000 golden, he would desist from giving mo this pleasant appellation ; it, on the other hand, I re fused to send him the nvmcj, hu book would shortly appear at Vienna, aud I should find myself branded ail over Europe as a liar and the *' Father of Lies." I declined to pay htm the money, and be made good his threat. 1 admit that on some occasions 1 hare not said all the truth when speak iug tj opponcuts or to enemies who would have used the Information I withheld to damage the cauee uf my country. That I almit, that is allowable, and for tbit no one can blame me, for 1 have done no more then every diplomatist must do. r>ut when people tell you that 1 lie. aui that I am the *' Father of Lies," ask them, would you, to mention * siu^le instance in which they ever knew me to have spoken falsely on any matter of serloas importance V " A popular deluslin is that Oenoral Ignatieff deceived Lord StUsbury at the conference of Constantinople. F-jr this 1 have never been able to discover any foundation, cr even any eemblsoce nf a foundation. General Ignatk-fTa c mdajt throughout the whole of that conference, as It seemed to me, looking at it from a distance, waa transparently loyal and straightforward. lam famllUr with the whole of the p:otrc -Is nf that famons gathering, aud it was feimpiy impossible for the plenipotentiary of one Power t i be supported more energttical.'j- by the pk-ni pottntiery of another than Lotd Saltebary was at that time by General Ty li'.iert' If thi-re was treacbiry, if there was per fidy, if any one jilajea f^ite t-> 1.->rJ FaluLury, then i: nai n.t fleu^ral l^natUC'. It w&e; hla ?>?n colK-a^uo, Sir fctrrv EUi 'tt. Mid Us -wis c!?ic\ Lord Prt-aconsCrld."1 ignatlcJf as an aisba;std<>r ws? dis credited maioly in cjutequence of the accusation that upon his word no reliance cunld be pla.-ed by his colleagues and contemporaries, but as Governor- General of the Roesian forces he still rctidtre ttr.clent service to the empire. 