A Hardy Horseman. Bv EDNA LYALL, AmOaref" Dmmm," - We Txao,' " lu VuGoU Dbji," " Kmigkt-Emmtr &V.; CHAPTER XVllL—continued. FOR the next day or two Frithiof realised little. To the surprise and delight of all he slept almost Incessantly, waking only to take food, to make sure that Sigrid was with him, and to enjoy a delicious sense of ease and relief. " He is out of the wood now," said Dr. Morris, cheerfully. "You came just in time, Miss Falck. But I will give you piece of advice ; if possihle,gtay in _ IjÉIWHBi' iimlii jiwii nome lAh him. fought not to be so much alone." "You think that he may have such an attack again ? " asked Signd, wistfully. " No, I don't say that at all. He has a wonderful constitution, and there is no reason why he should ever break down again. But he is more likely to get depressed if he is alone, and you will be able to prevent his life from growing too monotonous." So as she lived through those quiet days in the sick- room, Sigrid racked her brain to think of some way rf malring money, and searched, as so many women have done before her, the columns of the newspapers, and made fruitless inquiries and wasted both time and money m the attempt One day, Roy, coming in at his usiial hour in die morning to relieve guard, brought her a fat envelope which he had found waiting forhex in the halL She opened it eagerly, and made a little exclamation of disappointment and vexation. " Anything wrong? " he asked. She began to laugh, though he fancied he saw tears in her «yes. " Oh," she said, " it seems so ridiculous when I had been expecting such great things from it. You know I lave been trying to hear of work in London, and there was an advertisement in the paper which said that two pounds a week might easily be realised either by men or women without interfering with their present occupations, and that all particulars would be given on the receipt of eighteenpence. So I sent the money, and here is a wretched aluminium pencil in return, and I am to make this two pounds a week by getting orders for them." The absurdity of the whole thing struck her more forcibly, and she laughed again more merrily ; Roy laughed too. " Have you made any other attempts ? " he asked. " Oh, yes," said Sigrid, " I began to try in Norway, and even attempted a story and sait it to one of our best novelists to ask his opinion." "And what did he say?" " Well," she said, smiling, "he wrote back very kindly, but said that he could not conscientiously, recommend anyone to write stories whose sole idea in taking up the profession was die making of money. My conscience pricked me there and so I never tried writing again and never will Then the other day I wrote to another place which advertised, and got back a stupid bundle of embroidery patterns. It is mere waste of money answering these tilings. They say women can earn a guinea a time for shaving poodles, but you see I have no experience in poodles," and she laughed merrily. Roy sat musing over the perplexities of ordinary life. Here was he with more money than he knew what to do with, and here was the woman he loved struggling in vain to earn a few shillings. . Yet the mere fact that he worshipped her made him chivalrously careful to avoid laying her under any obligation. As far as possible he would serve her, but in this vital question of money it seemed that he could only stand aside and watch her efforts. Nor did he dare to confess the truth to her as yet, for he perceived quite plainly that she was absorbed in Frithiof, and could not possibly for some time to «one be free even to consider her own personal life. Clearly at present she regarded him with that frank friendliness which he remembered well at Balholm, and in his helpfulness had discerned nothing that need be construed as the attentions of a lover. After all he was her brother's sole friend in England, and it was natural enough that he should do all that he could do for them. " My father and mother come home to-night," he said at length, "and if you will allow me I will ask than if they know of anything likely to suit you. Cedl will be very anxious to meet you again. Don't you think you might go for a drive with her to-morrow afternoon? I would be here with your brother." " Ôh, I should so like to meet her again," said Sigrid, "we all liked her so much last summer. I don't feel that I really know her at all yet, for she is not very easy to know, but she interested me just because of that." " I don't think any one can know Cecil who has not lived with her," said Roy, "she is so very reserved." " Yes ; at first I thought she was just gentle and quiet without very much character, but one day when we were out together we tried to get some branches of willow. They were so stiff to break that I lazily gave up, but she held on to hers with a strong look in her face which quite startled me, and said, ' I can't be beaten just by a branch.' " " That is Cecil all over," said Roy, smiling ; " she never would let anything daunt her. May I tell her that you will see her to-morrow ?" Sigrid gladly assented, and the next day both Mrs. Boniface and Cecil drove to the little house at VauxhalL Roy brought Sigrid down to the carriage, and with a very happy satisfied feeling introduced her to his mother and watched the warm meeting with Cecil. " I can't think what would"have become of Frithiof if it had not been for all your kindness," said Sigrid. "Your son has practically saved his life, I am sure, by taking care of him through tins illness." 'And the worst is over now, I hope,' said Mrs. Boniface. "That is such s comfort 1 i At the first moment Sigrid had fallen in love with die sweet-natured, motherly old lady, and now she opened all her heart to her, and they discussed die sad cause of Frithiofs breakdown, and talked of past days in Norway, and of the future that lay before him, Cecil listening with that absolute command of countenance which betokens a strong natures and her companions litde dreaming that their words, though eagerly heard, were like so many sworn-thrusts to her. The neat brougham of the successfid tradesman might have seemed prosaic enough, and an unlikely place in which to find any romance, but, nevertheless, the three occupants, with their joys and sorrows, their hopes and fears, were each living out an absorbing life story. For every heart has its own mmaace, and whether living in the fierce glare ofa palace, in the whirl of society, In a quiet London suburb, or in an East-end courti it is all w h t b the same. The details differ, the accès soties are strangely different, but the love irtiich is the great mainspring of life, is precisely the same all the world over. "What makes me so miserable," said cn Sigrid, " is to feel that his life is, as i were, over, though he is so young ; it has been spoiled and ruined for him when he is but one-and-twenty." " But the very fact of his being so oung seems to me to give hope that •tighter things are in store for him," said Mrs. Boniface. I do not think so," said Sigrid. ign< That girl has taken something from him which can never come again ; it does not seem to me possible that a man can love like that twice in a lifetime." Perhaps not just in that way," said And besides," said Sigrid, " what girl would care to take such love as he might now be able to give ? I am sure nothing would induce me to accept any secondary love of that kind." She spoke as a perfectly heart- whole girl, frankly and unreservedly. And what she said was true. She never could have been satisfied with lessHhan the whole ; it was her nature to exact much ; she could love very devotedly, but she would jealously demand an equal devotion in return. Now Cecil was of a wholly different type. Already love had taken possession of her, it had stolen into her heart almost unconsciously and had brought grave shadows into her quiet life, shadows cast by the sorrow of another. Her notion of love was simply freedom to love and serve ; to give her this freedom there must of course be true love on the other side, but of its kind or of its degree she would never trouble herself to think. For already her love was so pure and deep that it rendered her almost selfless. Sigrid's speech troubled her for a minute or two ; if one girl could speak so, why not all girls ? Was she perhaps less truly womanly that she thought less of what was owing to herself? " It may be so," she admitted, yet with latent consciousness that so infinite a thing as love could not be bound by any hard and fast rules. " But I cannot help it Whether it is womanly or not I would die to give him the least real comfort." Tell Harris to stop, Cedl," said Mrs. Boniface. " We will get some grapes for Mr. Falck." And glad to escape from the carriage for a minute, and glad, too, to be of use even in such a far-off way, Cecil went into the fruiterer's, returning before long with a beautiful basket of grapes and l flowers. CHAPTER XIX. " SEE what I have brought you," said Sigrid, re-entering the" sick-room a little later on. Frithiof took the basket "and looked, with a pleasure which a few weeks ago would have been imposable to him, at the lovely flowers and fruit ~ You have come just at the right time, for he will insist on talking of all the deepest things in heaven and earth," said Roy, " and this makes a good diver- " They are from Mrs. Boniface. Is it not land of her? And do you know, Frithiof, she and Dr. Moms have been making quite a deep plot ; they want to transplant us bodily to Rowan Tree House, and Dr. Morris thinks the move could do you no harm'now that you are getting better." His face lighted up with something of its former expression. " How I should like never to see this hateful room again ! " he exclaimed. "You don't know how I detest it The old ghosts seem to haunt it stilL There is nothing that I can bear to look at except your picture of Beigen, which has done me more than one good turn." Sigrid, partly to keep him from talking too much, partly because she always liked to tell people of that litde acta kindness, gave Roy the history of the picture, and Frithiof lay musing over the curious relative power of kindness and cruelty, and was obliged, though somewhat reluctantly, to admit to himself that a very slight act of kindness certainly did exert an enormous and un thought of influence. Physical disorder had had much to do ith the black view of life which he had eld for the last few months, but now that he climax had been reached and rest had een forced upon him bis very exhaustion and helplessness enabled him to see a side of life which had never before been visible to him. He was very much softened by all that he had been through. It seemed that while the events of the past year had embittered and hardened him, this complete break down of bodily strength had brought back something of his old nature. The bright enjoyment of mere existence could of course never return to him, but still, notwithstanding the scar of his old wound, there came to him during those days of his conva lecsence a sense of keen pleasure in Sigrid's presence, in his gradually return ing strength, and in the countless little acts of kindness which everybody showed him. The change to Rowan Tree House seemed to work wonders in him. The house had always charmed him, and the recollection of the first time he had entered it, using it as a shelter from the storm of life, much as Roy and Cedl had used his father's house as a shelter from the drenching rain of Bergen, returned to him again and again through the quiet weeks that followed. The past year looked now to him like a nightmare to a man who has awakened in broad daylight It seemed to him that he was lying at the threshold ofa new life ; worn and tired with the old life it was true, yet with a gradually increasing' interest in what lay beyond, and a perception that there were many things of which he had as yet but the very faintest notion. Sigrid told hhn all the details of her life in Norway since they had last seen each other, of her refusal of Torvald Lundgren, of her relations with her aunt, of the early morning on Hjerkinshô. And her story touched him. When, stirred by all that had happened into unwonted earnestness, she owned to him that after that morning'on the mountain everythinghadseemed different, hedidnot, as he would once have done, laughingly change the subject, or say that religion was all very well for women. " It was just as if I had worn a crape veil all my life," she said, looking up from her work for a moment with those clear bhie, practical eyes of hers. "And up there on the mountain it seemed as ' some one had lifted it quite away." Her words stirred within him an uneasy sense of loss, a vague desire which he had once or twice felt before. He was quite silent for some time, lying back imyjnliischafcandwatdiinglieras she worked. " Sigrid I* he said,at last, with asuppressed eagerness in his voice, * Sigrid, I won't go bade again to Norway and E ve me?" w t a o h l i w a h "No, dear, I will never leave you," she , said, warmly. ù I will try to find some sort of work. To-night I mean to talk to Mr. Boniface about it Surely in this huge place there must be something I can t do. r It is its very hugeness that makes one despair," said Frithiof. "Good God ! what I went through last autumn ! And there are thousands in the same plight, thousands who would work if only Ly they could meet with employment 0 " Discussing die vexed question of the unemployed ?" said Mr. Boniface, enter ing the room in time to hear this last re mark. " Yes," said Sigrid, smiling. " Though I'm a wretched foreigner come to swell their number. , Bu t what can bethrcansg of ^aiffiswss. :... " I think it is this," said Mr. Boniface, population goes on increasing, but practical Christianity does not increase at the same rate." "Are you what they call a Christian Socialist ? " asked Signd. "No ; I am not very fond of assuming any distinctive party name, and the Socialists seem to me to look too much to compulsion. You can't make people practical Christians by Act of Parliament ; you have no right to force the rich to relieve die poor. Thenation suffers, and all things are at a dead-lock because so many of us neglect our duty. If we argued less about the ' masses,' and quiedy did as we would be done by to those with whom life brings us into contact^ I believe the distress would soon be at an end." Do you mean by that private almsgiving ?" asked Frithiof. "Surelythat can only pauperize the people." " I certainly don't mean indiscriminate almsgiving,'' said Mr. Boniface ; "I mean only this. You start with your own family ; do your duty by them. You have a constant succession of servants t jassing through your household ; be a iriend to them. You have men and women in your employ ; share their troubles. Perhaps you have tenants ; try to look at life from their point of view. If we all tried to do this the cure would indeed be found, and the breach between the rich and poor bridged over." How simply and unostentatiously Mr. Boniface lived out his own theory Frithiof knew quite well. He reflected that all the kindness he himself had receivedhad not tended to pauperize him, had not in the least crushed his independence or injured his self-respect On the contrary, it had saved him from utter ruin, and had awakened in him a gratitude which would all his life. But this new cure was not to depend only on taxation or on the State, but on a great influence working ithin each individual. The idea set him hinking, and the sense of his own ignornce weighed upon him. One morning it chanced that, sitting ut in the verandah at the back of the ouse, he overheard Lance's readingesson, which was going on in the mornng room. Sounds of laborious wrestling ith the difficulties of " Pat a fat cat," other interesting injunctions, made realize how very slow human nature is to learn any perfectly new thing, and how toilsome are first steps. Presendy came a sound of trotting feet. " Gwen ! Gwen ! " shouted Lance, " come here to us. Cecil is going to read to us out of her Bible, and it's awfully jolly!" He heard a stifled laugh from CeciL " Oh, Lance," she said, " Gwen is much too young to care for it Come, shut the door, and we will begin." Again came the sound of trotting feet, then Cecil's clear, low voice. "What story do you want ? " " Read about the three men walking in the fender and the fairy coming to them," said Lance, promptly. " Not a fairy, Lance." " Oh, I mean an angel," he replied, apologetically. So she read him his favourite story of Nebuchadnezzar the king, and the golden image and the three men who would not bow down to it " You see," she said at the end, "they were brave men ; they would not do what they knew to be wrong. We want you to grow like them." There was a silence, broken at last by Lance. " I will only hammer nails in wood,' he said, gravely. How do you mean?" asked Cedl, not quite seeing the connection. " Not into the tables and chairs," said Lance, who had clearly transgressed in this matter, and had applied the story to his own life with amusing simplicity. "Thafs right," said CeciL "God will be pleased if you try." "He can see us, but we can't see Him," said Lance, in his sweet childish tones, quietly telling forth in implicit trust the truth that many a man longs to believe. A minute after he came dancing out into the ' garden, his short sunny curis waving in the summer wind, his cheeks glowing, his hazel eyes and innocent little mouth beaming with happiness. " He looks like an Incarnate smile, 1 thought Frithiof. And then he remembered what Roy had told him of the father and mother, and he thought how much trouble awaited the poor child, and felt the same keen wish that Cecil had felt that he might be brought up in a way which s i h h h a t m a should make him able to resist whatever evil tendencies he had inherited. "If anything can save him it will be such a home as this," he reflected. Then, as Cecil came out into the verandah, he joined her, and they walked together down one of the shady gardenpaths. " I overheard your pupil this mora ing," he began, and they laughèd together over the child's quaint remarks. "That was very good, his turning the story to "practical account all by himself. He is a ucky little beggar to have you for his teacher. I wonder what makes a child so ready to swallow quite easily the most difficult things in hèàven and earth ? " 'Tsuppose becjuee he knows he can't ogether tibde^^^ t^^.is^rilOnglte, take things on tru^" jgjjq|3f>rîl. " If anything can keep Turn straight when he grows up it will be what you have taught him," said Frithiof "You wonder that I admit that, and a year ago I couldn't have said as much, but I begin to think that there is, after all, a very great restraining power in the old faith. The difficulty is to get up any sort of interest in that land of thing." "You talk as if it were a sort of science," said Cecil. " That is precisely what it seems to me ; and just as one man is born with a love of botany, another takes naturally to astronomy, and a third has no turn for science whatever, but is fond of hunting and fishing, so it seems to me with religion. All of you, perhaps, have inherited the tendency from your Puritan forefathers, but I have inherited quite the opposite tendency from my Viking ancestors. Like them, I prefer to love my friend, and hate my enemy, and go through life in the way that best pleases me. I am not a reading man ; I can't get up the faintest sort of interest in these religious matters." "We are talking of two different things, r said Cecil. " It is of the mere framework of religion that you are speaking. Very likely many of us are born without any taste for theology, or .sermons, or Church history. We are not bound surely to force op an interest in them." " Then if all that is not religion, pray what is it? You are not like Miss Charlotte, who uses phrases without analyzing them. What do you mean by religion ? " "I mean knowing and loving God," she said, after a moment's pause. Her tone was very genfle, and not in the least didactic I have believed in a God always— more or less," said Frithiof, slowly. But how do you get to know Him?" " I think it is something in the same way that people get to know each other," Cecil. " Cousin James Horner, for h sees my father every day. He m as often stayed in the same house with im, and has in a sense known him all w is life. But he doesn't really know him r t all. He never takes the trouble really o know anyone. He sees the outside of father—-that is all. They have hardly in common." " Mr. Horner is so full of himself and his own opinions that he never could appreciate such a man as your father," said Frithiof. Then, perceiving that his own mouth had condemned him, he relapsed into silence. "What is your receipt, now, for getting to know a person ?" he said presendy with a smile. " First," she said, thoughtfully, " a desire to know, and a willingness to be known. Then I think one must forget oneself as much as possible, and try to understand .the/eeliRgs. j^d -wjtods, " acts of the' one you wish to know in the light of the whole life, or as much as you can learn of. it, not merely of the present. Then, too, I am quite sure that you must be alone together, for it is only alone that people will talk of the most real things." . He was silent, trying in bis own mind to fither words to his own need. "Then you don't think, as some do, that when once we set out with a real desire all the rest is quite easy and to be drifted into without any special effort." " No," she said, " I do not believe in drifting. And if we were not so lazy I believe we should all of us know more of God. It is somehow difficult to take quite so much pains about that as about other things." It can't surely be difficult to you ; it always seems to be easy to women, but to us men all is so different" Are you so sure of that ? " she said; quiedy. " I have always fancied so," he replied. Why, the very idea of shutting oneself in alone to think—to pray—it is so utterly unnatural to a man." " I suppose the harder it is the more it is necessary,'' said Cecil. " But our Lord was not always praying on mountains ; he was living a quite ordinary shop life, and must have been as busy as you are." ' • Her words starded him ; everything connected -with Christianity had been to him lifeless, unreal, formal—someth ing utterly apart from the every day li£e of a nineteenth century than. She had told him that to |>er religion meant " knowing" and * loving," and he now perceived thai by "loving* she meant the active living of die Christ-life, the constant endeavour to do the will of God. She had not actually said this in so many words, but he knew more plainly than if &18 1 . ' she had spoken that this was her meaning. They paced in silence the shady garden walk. To Frithiof the whole world seemed wider than it had ever been before. On the deadly monotony of his'business life there had arisen light which altogether transformed it. He did his best even now to quench its brightness, and said to himself, " This will not last; I shall hate desk and counter and all the rest of it as badly as ever'when I go back." For it was his habit since Blanche had deceived him to doubt the Iastingness of all that -he desired to keep. Still, though he doubted for ths future, the present was wonderfully changed, and die new idea that had aCOine jtojiis jife«»as<lic.!be»ti nirilii im. hëfcouidhavehad. Sigrid watched his returning strength with delight ; indeed, perhaps she never realized what he had been during his lonely raonths of London life. She had not seen die bitterness, die depression, the hardness, the too evident deterioration which had saddened Cecil's heart through the winter and spring ; and she could not see as Cecil saw how he was struggling up now into a nobler manhood. Roy instinctively felt it Mr. Boniface, with his ready sympathy and keen insight, found out something of the true state of the case ; but only Cecil actually knew it She had had to bear the worst of the suffering all through those long months, and it was but fair that the joy should be hers alone. Frithiof hardly knew which part of the day was most pleasant to him, the quiet mornings after Mr. Boniface and Roy had gone to town, when he and Sigrid were left to their own devices ; the pleasant litde break at eleven, when Mrs. Boniface looked in to remind them that fruit was gold in the morning, and to tempt him with pears and grapes, while Cecil and the two children came in from the garden, bringing with them a sense of 'freshness and life ; the drowsy summer afternoon when he dozed over a novel ; the drive in the cool of the day, and the delightful home evenings with music and reading aloud. - Quiet the life was, it is true, but dull — never. Everyone had plenty to do, yet not too much, for, Mr. Boniface had a horror of the modern craze for rushing into all sorts of philanthropic undertakings, would have nothing to do with bazaars, groaned inwardly when he was obliged by a sense of duty to attend any public meeting, and protested vehemently against the multiplication of " Societies." " I have a pet Society of my own," he used to say with a smile. " It is the Keeping at Home Society. Eveiy house- older is his own president, and the comittee is formed by his family." Notwithstanding this, he was the most idely charitable man, and was always eady to lend a helping harnf ; but he loved to work quiedy, and all who belonged to him caught something of the same tone, so that in the house there was a total absence of that wearing whirl of good works in which many people live now-a-days, and though, perhaps, they had not so many irons in the fire, yet the work they did was better done in consequence, and the home remained what it was meant to be—-a centre of love and life, not a mere eating-house and dormitory. Into the midst of this home there had come now some strangely fresh elements. Three distinct romances were being Worked Out beneaththat>quiet«xH»£ There was poor Frithiof with his shattered life, his* past an agony which would scarcely bear- thinking of, his future a desperate struggle with circumstances. There was Cecil, whose life was so far bound up with his that when he suffered she suffered too, yet bad to live on with a serene face and make no sign. There was Roy already madly in love with the blue-eyed, fairhaired Sigrid, who seemed in the glad reactipn after all her troubles to have developed into a totally different being, and was the life of the party. And yet in spite of the inevitable pain of love, these were happy days for all of them. Happy to Frithiof because his strength was returning to him; because, with an iron resolution, he as far as possible shut out the remembrance of Blanche ; because the spirit of life within him was slowly developing, and for the first time he had become conscious that it was a reality. Happy for Cedl because her love was no foolish sentimentality, no selfish daytlrçam, but a noble love which taught her more than anything else could possibly have done ; because instead of pining away at die thought that Frithiof was utterly indifferent to her, she took it on trust that God would withhold from h< really good-thing, and made die mo the,trifling "ways in which she could présent help him. Happiest of alL pernaps for Roy, because his love story was full of bright hope—a hope that each day grew fuller and clearer. . " Robin," said Mrs. Boniface one evening to her husband, as together they paced to lahd fro in the verandah, while Frithiof. was being initiated into lawn-tennis in the garden, " I think Sigrid Falck is one of the sweetest girls J ever saw." \- " So thinks soîpe one else if I am not much mistaken," j&ie; replied... "Then you, too, have noticed it i am so dad. I hoped it was so, but coidd not feel sure. Oh, Robin, I wondfer if he has f p any chance? She would make him such a sweet litde wife." " How can we tell that she has not left her heart in Norway? " " I do not think so," said Mrs. Boniface. "No, J feel sure that can't be, from die way in which she speaks of her life there. If there is any rival to be feared it is Frithiof They seem to me wrapped up in each other, and it is only natural too, after all their trouble and separation anc this illness of his. How strong he is getting again, and how naturally he takes to the game ! He is such a fine-looking fellow, somehow he dwarfs every one else," and she glanced across to the opposite side of die lawn, where Roy with his more ordinary height and build certainly diii-oesmï^omCTvtaaïrcclip^ "yttto her motherly eyes that honest, open, English face, with its sun-burnt skin, was perhaps the fairest sight in the world. Not that she was a blindly and foolishly loving mother, she knew that he had Ms faults. But she knew too that he was a sterling fellow, and that he would make the woman he married perfectly happy. They were so taken up with the thoughts of the visible romance that was going on beneath their eyes, that it never occurred to them to think of what might be passing in die minds of the two on the other side of the net. And perhaps that was just as well, for the picture was a sad one and would certainly have cast a shadow upon their hearts. Cecil was too brave and resolute and self-controlled to allow her love to undermine her health ; nor did she so brood upon her inevitable loss that she ceased to enjoy the rest of life. There was very much still left to her, and though at times everything seemed to her flavourless and insipid, yet the mood would pass and shewotud be able intensely to enjoy her home life. Still" there was no denying that the happiness which seemed dawning for Roy and Sigrid was denied to the other two ; they were handicapped in the game of life just as they were at tennis, the setting sun shone full in their faces and made the play infinitely more difficult, whereas the others playing in the shady courts had a considerable advantage over them. "Well ! is the set over ? " asked Mr. Boniface as the two girls came towards them. "Yes," cried Sigrid, merrily. "And actually our side has won ! I am so 1 >roud of having beaten Cecil and Frithiof, for, as a rule, Frithiof is one of those detestable people who win everything. It was never any fun playing with him when we were children, he was always so lucky." As she spoke Frithiof had come up the steps behind her. " My luck has turned, you see," he said, with a smile in which there was a good deal of sadness. But his tone was playful and indeed it seemed that he had entirely got rid of the bitterness which had once dominated every look and word.- Nonsense" Î * 'she cried, slipping her hand into his arm.- " Your luck will return, it is only that you are not quite strong again yet Wait a day or two and I shall not have a chance against you. You need not grudge me my one litde victory." It Jias-nQt tired you too much?" glancing up at Frii glow of health in "ace never before seen, an&jns; had once been steal had ~J»town Vtaukh more gentle. addé^ ¥ that is a foolish questAnt>for. I<jîon't 'lhipk I have ever seen yApWtjldngJSfetter. / It seems to me this is th^sort-of exercise you need. We let you stay muf& too long over that translating in the old days." "Yes," said Sigrid ; " I hardly know whether *o laugh or cry when I think of Frithiof,-of all the people in the world, doing learned translations forsuch a man as H err Sivertsen. He never could endure sedentary life." " And yet," said Mr. Boniface, pacing along the verandah with her, " I tried in vain to make him take up cricket He declared that in Norway you did not go in for our English notions of exercise for the sake of exercise." "Perhaps not," said Sigrid ; "but he was always going in for the wildest adventures, and never had the least taste for books. Poor Frithiof, it only shows how brave and resolute he is; he is so set upon paying off these debts that he will sacrifice everything to that one idea, and will keep to work which must be hateful to him." " He is a fine fellow," said Mr. Boni- J ace. " I had hardly realized what his revious life must have beèn, though of course I knew that .the drudgery of shop life was sorely against the grain." " Ever since he was old enough to hold a gun he used to go with my father in August to the mountains in Nord fjord, for the reindeer hunting," said Sigrid. "And every Sunday through the winter he used to go by himself on die wildest excursions after sea-birds. My father said it was good training for him, and as long as he took with him old Nils, his skydsmand—I think you call that boatman in English—he was never worried about him when he was away. But sometimes I was afraid for him, and old Gro, our nurse, always declared he would end by being drowned. Come hoe, Frithiof and tell Mr. Boniface about your night on the fjord by Bukken." * His eyes lighted up at the recollection. . "Ah, it Was such fun!" he cried; " though we were cheated out of our sport after alL I had left Bergen on the Saturday, going with old Nils to Bukken, and there as usual we took a boat to row across to Gjelleslad where I generally slept, getting up at four in the morning to go after the birds. Well, that night Nils and I set out to row across, but had not got far when the most fearful storm came down on us. I never saw such lightning before or since, and die wind was terrific, we could do nothing against it, and indeed it was wonderful that we did not go to the bottom. By good luck we were driven back to land, and managed to haul up the boat, turn it up, and shelter as best we could under it, old NQs swearing like a trooper and declaring that I should be the death of him someday. For four mortal hours we stayed there, and the storm still raged. . At lâst by good luck I hunted up four men feho were willing to run the risk of rowing us back to Beigen. Then off we set, Nils vowrng that weshouldbe drowned and so we «were, very nearly. It- was the wildest night-. I ever knèw, and the rowing was fearful work, but at last we got safely home." _ ; "And you should have .seen him," cried Signd. "He roused us all up at half-past six in the morning, and there he was, soaked to the skin, but looking so bright and jolly, an d making us roar with laughter withliis description of it all Anà^ I reallv believeitdidhuncood __ :_ for-after a few£iours? sleep lie camé down in the best possible of humours. And don't yob remember, Frithiof how you played it all •'And wasonly successful in showing y t t m d n c w how well Nils growled," said Frithiof, laughing. The reference to the violin suggested the usual evening's music, and they went into the drawing-room where Sigrid played them some Nowegian airs, Roy standing near her, and watching her fair, sweet face which was still glowing with the recollection of those old days of winch they had talked. "Was it possibly" he thought, " that she who was so devoted to her brother, that she who loved the thought of perilous adventures, and so ardently admired the bold, fearless, peril-seeking nature of the old Vikings, was it possible that she could ever love such an ordinary, humdrum, conmong^œ Londoner .as himself?. He L^fôgn^dœpKmdënty,and envied Frithiof his Norse nature, his fine phy sique, his daring-spirit. How infinitely harder life was rendered to his friend by that same nature, he did not pause to think, and sorry as he was for FrithioPs troubles, he scarcely realized at all the force with which they had fallen upon the Norwegian's proud, self-reliant character. Absorbed in jhe thought of his own love, he had litde leisure for such observations. The one all-engrossing question excluded everything else. And sometimes with hope he asked himself, " Can she love me ? " Sometimes in despair assured himself that it was impossible—altogether impossible. (To be continued^ 'ARE YOU WHAT THEY CALL A CHRISTIAN SOCIALIST?. 