MISCELLANEOUS. The Hon. J. White intends sending a pair of colts to England to run for the Derby. The Hon. J. H. Anpas has eent his five quarantined pigs to West Australia. The post-office and a public-bouse four miles from Euriowie have been destroyed. Our Governor is partial to good horse racing. Most of the ' tipsters' were right over the Adelaide Cup winner. The Glare footballers intend rallying up shortly. At Broken Hill a man has been fined £5 for ejecting a bailiff. A public school is to be opened at Wil tunga, and Miss Cox has been appointed teacher. A Dresden manufacturer has produced thread from the common nettle so fine that 60 miles of it weighs only 2| Ib. Scarlet fever is said to have been com municated in Winsford (England) by an in fected book from a free library. There are six women police officers in the London police force. They are employed as detectives. The last census returns show that Fal moath is the most densely populated town is England. Mr. Deasy, the home rule delegate, says his letters were not tampered with in South Australia. xne .nan 01 Juniore, voo is we greatest freemason in Australia, has been accorded a warm masonic reception in Adelaide. A Kurdish brigand escaping from prison, the Armenians caught him and pouring petroleum over him set him on fire. On December 31 last, the British Broken Hill Proprietary Company had £10,651 . worth of coke on hand. The Wallaroo paper says that' Stanley is said to be anxious to pay her addresses to the Premier next general elections.' The fungus growing on the butts of the trees in the Clare hills is very luminous at night. Mr. T. 6. Bastard, late official receiver of the Gladstone Insolvency Court, is to be presented with an address by his Northern friends. Queen Victoria's new housekeeper at Windsor Castle is Mrs. Henderson. She is a niece of the former incumbent, from whom she inherited £30,000. Lady Kintore, the winner of the Norwood Handicap and Rose Park Handicap, was bred by Mr. E. Bowman, of Martindale, Mintaro. It is rumored ip England that the Colonial Office will endeavor to deprive Sir Hercules Robinson of his pension in con sequence of his recent seditious utterances. A wood toothpick factory at Harbor Springs, Michigan, United States, turns out daily 7,600,000 toothpicks, all made of white birch. A doctor says that a man may live to be 100 if he takes care of himself. But taking care means to sacrifice everything ? worth living for. A Sydney J.P.'e wife talking about ?' writing letters' to some callers the other day, remarked, ' My daughter is a first-rate co-respondent,' She couldn't think why everybody smiled at once.' — Bulletin. There are 20 cotton factories now in operation in Japan, with a total of 82,680 spindles. There are also 20 factories in process of establishment or extension, with an estimated capacity of 180,680 spindles. An enormous avalanche, over 500 yards wide, fell near Payerbach, in Lower Austria. It swept away a wood and de stroyed the telephone lines, but caused no other damage. A petition, signed by 6,147 persons, has been presented to his Excellency, asking him to reconsider the sentence passed on H. Richardson for shooting at Woodman at Tort Augusta. During the hearing of a fowl-stealing case at the Keighley (England) Petty Ses sions a Leghorn hen presented the tribunal of justice with a fiue egg. We have not heard whether she was committed for con tempt of court. 1 _ The Japan Matt states that an apparently unknown disease is causing great mortality there, 40 deaths ensuing from 66 caseB. The average number of deaths exceeds that -of cholera, and it is described as more terrible. Death ensues 20 hours after seizure. Eating tea leaves ia the latest fancy in the United States. The habit is said to be far more pernicious than drinking alcohol to excess ; for the tea leaves produce the wildest type of intoxication. They lose their intoxicating qualities when boiled. KZJL186C ween 8 smelting at tne woven mil Proprietary Mine produced, from 2,778 tons of ore, 468 tons of bullion, containing 116,642 oz. of silver. Average — Silver, 42 oz. ; lead, 16| per cent. The smelting returns from Block 14 Mine for the week were 202 tons of bullion, con taining 13,197 oz. of silver, from 669 tons of ore. Average — Silver, 19| oz.; lead, 30J per cent. This colony shows the following exports during the past four months of the present year:— Bark, £29,446; butter, £4,212; eggs,£18,176; fruit, £16,121; hay,£51,126; jams, £6,732; leather, £14,527; soap, £2,363; wine, £17,624 ; gold, £13,656. . A curious sign of the times in Paris is that the dandy who wishes to be chic now orders his clothes from a tailor at the West End of London, and from one of the branch bouseB established by English tailors in the French capital. Formerly the British swell went to Paris for an outfit. The 7,200 miles of new railroad built in the United States in 1888 called about 3M5 fW) nfiD man inM fria covniAa ffimn employe's being reckoned to tbe mile), in cluding officers and men in all capacities. The present railway system of the United States has an army of 765,000 men. An English paper, speaking of the possi bility of the Marquis of Lome being the next Governor of Victoria, remarks : — ' The gossips of Melbourne are already anticipa ting the humiliation of New South Wales should the PrincesB Louiee preside over tbe society of Victoria's capital.' Selina Dolaro, the actress, died the other day in New fork. A short time before her demise Mrs. Langtry reserved a box for her ob the opening night of ' Macbeth,' and a few moments before the performance com menced received from her the following note : — ' I expect to die this evening, and so cannot accept your kindly hospitality.' Mrs. LBngtry has opened communications with several London publiehere with a view to making the best terms for the publica tion of a novel upon which 6he i« enpeped in America. The work is planned on ' En dymion,' nnd will be worked out of the Lily's adventures nnd her friends in Eng lish society. A unique chair made of the horns of Texas cattle has been tent from San An tonio to tbe White House. It is tbe gift of a San Antonio banker to President Harrison, and cost its donor £300. The horns are rivetted with gold ; and some gold plates were used in its construction. From one of them glistens a handsome diamond. Burglars are still at work in the suburbs of Adelaide. One of that fraternity was caught in a tobacconist's ehop at Kent Town on Friday evening at 6 o'clock. Two of them had got in by the back window, and the proprietor, on going to the ehop, saw the men, and collared one and held him until assistance arrived. The other escaped. The thriving town of Scran ton, Pennsyl vania, is in a state of terror on account of the sinking of tbe earth upon which it is bnilt. The town is built over a coal mine. Many other Pennsylvenian towns are equally destitute of substantial foundations. Twice during the month land in the central por tion of Scranton has fallen in, taking with it n Presbyterian church and parsonage. The Black Prince Mining Company, Barrier, which originally consisted of 80,000 shares, has now only 40,000, owing to a large number having been forfeited, and it is intended to keep them down to the latter number, thus making them of greater value to present holders. The mine is believed to have a good lode, although it is not yet paying its way. It raises a considerable quantity of good ore. One of tbe ' dime' mueeums of Chicago exhibits a snake's skin bearing this legend : ' Skin of the serpent that tempted Eve in the Garden of Paradise. It was killed by Adam the following day after the treason. Adam hit it with a club, of which traces are still left. . The skin was part of tbe in heritance of Adam, and was preserved in bis family in Asia. The genuineness is attested by the doctors of divinity whose seals are attached.' Mr. Gascoigne, the well- known com mercial traveller, is lying dangerously ill at his hotel at Mount Gambler. On Friday nif:ht last, while walking along Commercial street, he dropped down unconscious. He bib «tArrinri tn thn tintnl. And lira. Jnhnnnn and Bradford were called to attend to him. Mr. Gascoigne has since regained partial consciousness, but the physicians consider bis case hopeless. Mrs. Gascoigne arrived on Saturday to attend to him. — M. B. Courier. [He has since died.] The question whether mnrriage is a failure having been asked ad nauseam, and very fre quently quite satisfactorily answered, it is a change from this monotony to find that celibacy may sometimes also lead to disap pointment. There is a case on record where failure in getting married prevented an ex perienced engineer iu Cbicngo from securing a position as chief engineer of a central electric light station, for although his re ferences were of the best, single blessedness condemned him, as the manager would not engAge him on that account. Taxation is the cause of some work being lost to South Australia. Moat of the Barrier mining companies have their head offices in Melbourne instead of in Adelaide, and one reason of this is that a tax is im posed on transfers of shares in this colony, while there is no such thing in Victoria. Result — Busy printers and more offices oc cupied and secretaries and staffs of clerks employed in Melbourne, at tbe expense of Adelaide ; and the S. A. Government does not get the revenue from the tax after all. The impost is small, it is true, but a tax is a nuisance anyhow. A New Zealand contemporary reports that in the orchard of Mr. Mellet, of Nelson, a number of trees were recently so badly in fested with blight that orders had been given for their destruction. An experiment was first tried with paint consisting of 6 oz. of sugar of lead to 1 gallon of limewaah. The effect was marvellous. The withered, miserable- looking specimens of fruit trees are now converted into clean, healthy trees, thickly laden with fruit. The paint is ap plied with an ordinary brush, and, although of a poisonous nature, does not in any way affect the fruit. A prize fight at Seattle between two well known pugilists, Scott and Britton, has had a sensational and disaBtrious termination. Britton claimed the fight on a foul, but ibe referee disallowed the claim. This incensed Briton'e supporters and backers, who broke into the ring and began a desperate contest with the friends of Scott. The fight was long and fierce, the combatants soon abandoning fists for firearms. One of the seconds was fatally wounded by a revolver shot, and several other persons were injured by bullets. An interesting experiment is reported from one of the Leipzig hospitals. Pieces 'of skin from tbe bodies of several white persons were, some time since, grafted upon a negro under treatment. These trans planted fragments gradually became darker and darker, finally assuming the same color as the rest of the patient's skin. This circumstance induced the further experi ment of grafting black 6kin on a white body. After a few weeks the transplanted piece began to whiten, and now it is im possible to mark any difference of color be tween it and the rest of the body. The Corowa Times relateB a comical nimntrannfl that t/inlr nlana a fan tlava nin/»a at Dry Creek. It appears that a fomenting vat full of wine was accessible to some bullocks, which helped themselves rather largely, and soon became intoxicated. Then commenced a general uproar, in which skin, hair, horns, and hoofs circulated pretty freely. One enormous animal made several ineffectual attempts to stand on his head, but only succeeded in breaking one of his borne. A couple of whips, however, soon drove them into a paddock, where they lay down to sleep off tbe effects of their pota tions. Mr. Walker, the engineer of the Man chester Ship Canal, gives some very re markable figures. The 'plant' employed on the works is worth more than three fifths of a million sterling. By the end of June or thereabouts there will be 20,000 men at work. Nearly one-third of the total excavation (reckoned at 47,000,000 of cubic yards) has been finished, and yet it is only about two years since tbe first spadeful was turned up at Eaetham. Twenty thousand men between the Eaetham and Manchester termini means a 34-mile-long row of men, each standing at a distance of three yards from his next neighbor. The i*nnfr-rnnr-A nf thn nniornd Mpf hnrHota of the Lexington district of Paris, Ken tucky, has been disturbed by a fight about a pew. A stalwart negro named Kellis was pew-opener, and during a service he ordered another negro named Page to po out. The latter refused, and Kellie thereupon dropped him out and pushed him down tbe aisle. Pape drew a revolver and fired two shots, one of which fatally wounded Kellie, while the other wizzed past the bend of Bishop Andrews in the pulpit, nnd lodged in the wall behind. There were 1,200 persons in the church, and a panic ensued. The mining enterpriee (nays the Broken Hill correspondent of tbe Gladstone paper) is pettinp into a far more healthy state on the Barrier, and its workings are carried on more vigorously outside the main line, which speaks well for the field. Tbe im mediate future is more reassuring to- day than at any time during its past history. The bogus claims, once having exhausted their original and ill-gained capital, are relegated to the obscurity so richly deserved. Open-handed swindling is not now so easily perpetrated ; the public having been so fre quently duped are more wary. The following is a child's essay on the cow : — ' A cow is an animal with four legs on the under side. - The tail is longer than the legs, but is not used to stand on. The cow kills flies with its tail. A cow has big years that wiggles on hinges ; so does their tail. The cow is bigger than the calf, but not as big as the elephant. She is made so small that she can go in the barn when nobody is looking. Some cows are black, and some hook. A dog was hooked once. She tossed the dog that worried the tbe cat that killed rat. Black cows give white milk ; so do other cows. Milkmen sell milk to buy their little girls dresses, which they put in water and chalk. Cows chew cuds, and each finds its own chew. That is all there is about cows.' A sheep ' loafing' case heard the other day at Albury recalled a humorous incident which occurred a few years ago between two well-known New South Wales pasto ralists. An old Scotsman, noted for the raids he made on his contemporaries' grass rights with travelling sheep, fixing himself and some 50,000 sheep on an outlying plain which the owner was preserving for lamb ing. He was somewhat alarmed one day at finding the owner suddenly coming down on him full gallop, flourishing a whip in a significant way. Our friend was equal to the occasion, for be mounted his horse and galloped to meet him. ' Thank heaven !' he cried when they met. ' The face of a white man at last I My dear friend, where am I P' The owner was dumbfounded. A steeplechase of a novel character was decided last month near Buckingham, Eng land. The conditions of tbe race were that all horses should be bona Jide hunters, and should be ridden by the owners, who were to be members of the House of Commons, whose minimum weight should be 13 si. There were 20 entries, a dozen of which, with their political ' welter weights,' faced the starter, and there was a numerous and fashionable gathering present. The race, which was from point to point, was three miles and- a half in length, and the line comprised some of the etiffest Bicester country. Though the course was very heavy, only two of the field came to grief. The race was won by Mr. Cyril Flower's Home Rule, who carried 13 st. 8£ Ib., without including the saddle. A peculiar caBe came before Judge Hamilton at the Portland County Court on Saturday. Violet Mary Lyon entered an action against Fredk. L. Lyne for £49 10a damages for a nuisance alleged to have been caueed by defendant's children beating tine. As a set off defendant claimed £400 for trumpet - blowing, drum - beating, blas phemous singing, and so on, for which it was alleged plaintiff was responsible in letting a portion of her property to the Salvation Army. The plaintiff's solicitor endeavored to show by her testimony that she had no control over the property, and therefore was not responsible for the nuisance complained of with reference to the Salvation Army. A nonsuit was granted, on the ground that plaintiff could not maintain the action, having, according to her own showing, no interest in the property. An Engligh evangelist named 'Gipsy' Smith, who is holding revival meetings in Brooklyn (U.S.A.), is one of the most notable persons engaged in mission work at the present time. He has not been to school for a single day during the 29 years of his existence ; jet his pulpit oratory is singularly graceful and eloquent, He is a gipsy, and for 17 yean led the wandering, lestless life of his people. After his con version he learned to read by studying street signboards. He then joined the Salvation Army, but afterwards, disapproving of some of its methods, started independent work in Henley (England). He now has a regular Sunday congregation of some 2,600 people ; and the church or mission is entirely self sustaining. He expects to remain in America about six months on missionary work. The Rev. John McNeil, a Scotch minister, stationed not far from Edinburgh, has been treating on the question of muscular Chris tianity as applied to football. It is evident that this divine has been a footballer in his young days, and as will be seen he still un derstands that at a certain point of the game anything that would tend to prevent the upsetting of an opponent would be ex tremely perplexing. He says : — ' It's a difficult subject, the more -one thinks of it practically — muscular Christianity as ap plied to football. I'm glad I haven't to work it out in the field. The difficulty seems to lie here. If you put too much Christianity into the muscles they won't play modern football. You will simply have to kick like a Christian, and that at the very instant of time when a profession of religion must be peculiarly embarrassing. Tbe practice of the Apostles and of the early Church gives us no help here.' A shocking case has juet been tried at the Tarn (France) Assizes. A small farmer named Mas persuaded his wife to agree to the murder of her aged parents, with whom the couple were living. On the night of December 30 the woman went out to sleep at a neighbor's house, while the man pro ceeded to carry out their fell project. After setting fire to a pile of wood placed under the bed on which the old people were slumbering, he locked ell the doors, and then proceeding to a room above he watched through a hole in the ceiling. The aged couple soon awoke and tried to escape, but in vain. In the meantime Mas threw more fuel on the flames, and tried to strike his father-in-law with a pitchfork. At length, fancying they were dead, he ran out and gave the alarm. Tbe old people rallied and recovered completely. They gave an account of the affair in court. Mas was sentenced to hard labor for life, and his wife to 15 years. A correspondent of the Exchange Tele graph Company gives details of a desperate fight between two Englishmen, brothers, named Williams, who had gone up the Missouri on a hunting expedition, end a pnrty of Indians. Tbe encounter took place while the Englishmen were trapping bears. Tbeir assailants first seized the traps, and then surrounded the cabin occupied by the hunters. Their first volley killed one of the brothers, Tom Williams, whereupon the other, taking his brother's revolver, faced the Indians, 15 in number, with a revolver in each hand. With every discharge an Indian fell, and when the number of the savages was reduced to five, panic seized them, and they fled, leaving the surviving brother wounded, and almost disabled. Notwithstanding his condition, the hunter buried his brother's body, and managed to reach Fort Stevenson on floating ice drifting down the Missouri. The keepers of the May Island lighthouse, in the Firth of Forth, relate an unusual in cident. They were aroused by one of tbe female inmates, and upon going to her as sistance they found that a foreign sailor had smashed one of the lighthouse windows, pushed a boy through the aperture, and then entered himself. When the keepers de manded an explanation of so strange an event, the man gave the following account : — His vessel, a Norwegian schooner, was bound from Norway to Grangemouth with battens, but be lost his way, nnd did not owing to rain and fog, see the light on May Island. When the vefesel struck, he and his companions leaped upon the rocks. The mate followed, but was drowned, as were also the other members of the crew. One of the lighthouse- keepers went out to learn if he could aid the missing men, and in the darkness he fell over a cliff 20 feet biph, breaking several of his ribs. The stranger's tale was found to be true. Australians evidently do know how to ' blow,' and exaggerate and talk at random, too, according to the leading Melbourne paper. The Argus says that a tree in Vic toria that has had the reputation of being 525 feet high hae been measured and found to have a height of 219 feet. What a falling off is there 1 In addition to that the tape has also reduced the circumference from an imaginary 114 feet to 48 feet. The cry now will probably be that the wrong tree has been brought to the practical test of the theodolite and the tape. But whether this be true or not, the reputation of tbe Australian giant trees has received a severe blow. VictoriansdeclarethBtothertreeeexist in tbe Dandenong Ranges of a height of over 300 feet, but they must now bring forward proof of measurement by a certified surveyor if they wish outsiders to believe their state ments. One professor, however, says that he measured the altitude of one tree with a theodolite and surveyor's chain, and found it to be 302 feet. A gentleman recently repeated an ac count given him by Mr. Thomas A. Edison of tbe making of the first phonograph. It has not, so far as I know, been in print, and is interesting as showing the inventor's methods of working. Busily engaged on innumerable things, Mr. Edison carried in his mind for a long time the idea of the phonograph, turning it over and over and from time to time jotting down sketches and memoranda concerning its construction. At length be said to an old German machinist, who made models for him, that he wanted a machine constructed in a certain manner, but of the use of it he gave no hint. Now and then, as the work went on, without seeing the model, Mr. Edison ordered certain changes, which, of course, were duly made. Finally, the German was told to bring- the machine for examination ; Mr. Edison fitted into it the sheet of tinfoil, and turning the crank spoke into the funnel the somewhat familiar verse about Mary and her little lamb. The German regarded him as if he thought he had gone mad, but when Mr. Edison reversed the motion and the phonograph pipingly repeated his stanza, the old man threw up his hands and ex claimed in the utmost astonishment, ' Mein Gott, it talks !' In spite of the proverb that ' compari sons are odious,' they yet teach us some useful lessons. A good cow, for example, ought to yield 600 Ib. of cheese annually. But let us take one that will yield only 450 a year for 12 years, deducting the first two years during which, as a heifer, she yields nothing, and compare her with three steers, which, at 4 years old, will yield 1,000 Ib. of meat. The cow in the time specified will yield 4,500 Ib. of good wholesome food, every pound of which is more valuable than tbe meat will be. Take pound for pound, and putting it at current prices for full cream cheese, and the beef at more than average price for the carcase, and what have we ? The cheese at 6d per Ib. would yield the gross sum of £112 10s, while the meat, at an average price of 6d, would give the gross sum of £75. It behoves some of us, therefore, who are especially favorably situated for conducting the dairy, and are yet devoting our strength to beef production, to go into an investigation of this matter. There is beef production on farms where the dairy should be firmly established, and tillers of the soil will never get down to the most solid business principles until they carefully institute comparisons between the probable profits of different farm enter prises. — Leader. Dynamite is one of the many products or combinations of nitro-glycerine, and is about 13 times as powerful as gunpowder. The discovery of this dangerous and potent explosive was made in 1846 by Ascagne Sobrero, then a pupil in the laboratory of Pelouze, the eminent French chemist, who devoted 20 years of his life to the investiga tion of the chemistry of oils and fats. Dynamite was patented in the United States, May 26, 1868, the patent being granted to Alfred Nobel, of Hamburg, Germany, assignor to John Bandmann, of San Francisco. It consists of a combination of nitro-glycerine, with a substance of great absorbent power, such, for instance, as fuller's earth or rotten stone. By this com position the explosiveness of the nitro glycerine is controlled, as it were, and the compound is capable of withstanding all tbe ordinary dangers of transportation. The process of manufacture is very simple. You take a certain proportion of nitric and sulphuric acid, and mix them with certain other proportions of glycerine, which is the essence of fat, to make the nitro- glycerine. To make dynamite you need only to mix nitro-glycerine with some absorbent material— fuller's earth is, no doubt, the beet.— Philadelphia Press. Replying to a Birmingham correspondent, who had appealed to him on behalf of the Irish paor, urged him to go back to his old friend Mr. Gladstone, and wished him well because they both happened to be born on the same day, Mr. Chamberlain replied as follows : — ' I thank you for your letter, which I am sure is kindly meant. You are right in suppoeing that I was born on July 8, 1836, and that we therefore came into the world the same day. You are also right in assuming that I sympathise deeply with the poor people ^of Ireland, although their condition is not 'more urgent or de servinp than that of many of our own poor in the large towns and country districts of Great Britain. In the case of the Irish there are only two ways of benefiting them ; first, by securing law and order in the country, and thereby encouraging the intro duction of cnpital and the development of industries; and, secondly, by providing for a transfer of the land from the present land lords to the tenants on fair and reasonable terms. This is the policy of the Unionits. On the other hand, the policy of the Glad stonians would continue agitation and dis turbance, and would do nothing to remedy the poverty of the country. No one has been able to show that home rule would mnke Ireland rich or peaceable. On the contrary, it would drive from the country the majority of those who are now the most enterprising and prosperous of its inhabi tants. I am sorry that any of my former frieuds should have deserted me, but they cannot truly say that I have changed ; and I have learned from Mr. Bright to go on in the way I believe to be right, without caring whether it brings me popularity or the leverse.' The Daily Chronicle of April 11 refers as follows to the 10 large battle-ships which are to be constructed and added to the British navy : — ' If we may form an opinion from the important paper read yesterday to the Institution of Naval Architects by the Assistant Controller of the Navy and Direc tor of Naval Construction, the new battle ships which are to be built will be a great deal more formidable than any vessels of the same class we now possess. Mr. White informs us that the designs for them were not finally decided on until the First Lord of the Admiralty had had the advantage of the combined counsel of his board and of a number of distinguished and experienced naval officers. The new ships will not carry more or larger heavy guns than the Nile and Trafalgar, or than the Rodney and her sister ships ; but their auxiliary armament of quick-firing guns and so on will be immensely greater, amounting in each war vessel to a weight of 600 tons. Moreover, great care will be taken so to arrange the armament that the lighter weapons and those working them may receive no damage in the excitement of an action from the firing of tbe heavy ordnance. They will each be 35 feet longer than the Trafalgar, and the displacement of each will be some 2,000 tons more. Mr. White hopes that 17£ or more knots may be got out of the new battle-ships, as against the Trafalgar's I63 or 16§. Speed is, of course, a very im portant matter, and so is seaworthiness, and the power to steam fast in very rough water. Mr. White took all this into account, as well as the question of armor, capacity for the storage of fuel and ammunition — every thing, indeed, that goes to make a ship fightable, and gives her the power to keep the sea for a reasonable time.' ' Atticus' in the Melbourne Leader tells the following story : — Whether a turret is a prison is a question that may soon have to be determined by the Supreme Court. A gentleman was having an afternoon smoke on top of his tower, a building about 35 or 40 feet high, and only accessible by a narrow winding staircase. A visitor called to see him, and was asked to mount the tower. He did so. There was about six feet square of surface on the top with a three-foot balustrade running round. The stranger said, ' I have called to get a few particulars of your life, which I wish to take down in writing.' ' Certainly,' said the suburban gentleman, 'and you will want, I presume, pen and ink P' The stranger assented, and the gentleman left the turret to get them, shutting the trap door after him. He then called his family together and said : ' Such a lark ! There is a fellow up in the turret that tried to get ' the particulars of my life,' so as to let me in for a six-guinea book. It's 3 o'clock now. I mean to keep him there till 6. He can't open the door himself, and re member, no matter what row he makes, no one must hear him.' The cool evening came on with a heavy mist, which at 5 o'clock deepened into rain. Cooeys, howls, yells, and shrieks were heard from the turret, but the suburban householder was firm, and would not open the trap-door till the last sound of 6 had struck. When he did so an animated sponge descended, dripping with wet, shivering with cold, and yet burning with wrath. ' You shall pay for this, sir,' he shouted to the suburban, gentleman. ' Nay,' said the suburban gentleman, ' I never gave you an order for a book. Bear witness, family, there was no writing material above.' ' You're mad,' cried the stranger, ' your wife called at our office to effect a joint insurance on your two lives, and I came for the particulars. Instead of answering, you locked me up. I'll not take a penny less than £l,0G0 for the out rage !' And the unfortunate suburban householder, now fully alive to his mistake, waits daily with the calmness of despair for the receipt of the writ. Lord Lonsdale had a terrible time of it while making his hazardous attempt to reach the North Pole. The party suffered many hardships and privations, and during the return journey across the Alaskan Peninsula Lord Lonsdale was severely in jured. A few days after leaving the mis sion-house, while in the lead of his party, he slipped and fell into a crevasse, and his left shoulder was so bruised that his arm was rendered useless, and his hip was all but dis located, incapacitating him for travel on foot. He was placed on a sled in that con' dition, and transported to Kodiack. The great stretch of territory between the mis sion and the island was covered to a depth of several feet with light snow. A terrible blizzard that prevailed caught up the light particles in clouds, obliterating all tracks and landmarks familiar to the guides, and making drifts through which it was next to impossible to make a passage. On February 3 the party reached almost 4he centre of the peninsula, and a stop was made to rest the dogs, who were in a worse condition than the men. The blizzard continued for four days, during which time Lord Lonsdale, the guides, dogs, and all were huddled to gether under a shelter made by standing the sleds on end. When the storm ceased Lord Lonsdale was found to be so ill from fatigue and the lack of proper nourishment and medical treatment that it was feared he would not survive the journey. The guides broke up one of the sleds and built a fire, over which they cooked some food and boiled water, with which they bathed Lord Lonsdale's injured parts, and reduced the swelling. He improved somewhat, and the journey was resumed. During the latter half of the trip the temperature for several days registered 100 deg. below freezing point. Blizzards were continuous, and several of the dogs succumbed from fatigue, and others wandered off and were lost in the snow. Juet before reaching Cook's In let two of the guides died and were buried in the snow. The party were in the last stages of starvation when they reached Kodiack. Captain Elliott offered them a passage in the Cumberland to New West minster, B.C., but Lord Lonsdale refused, stnting that tbe party might remain at Kodiack for a week or a month, perhaps longer. He stated positively that he had had enough of Arctic exploration, and would return to England shortly. 