The Poisoned Key of Padua. Another delightful relic of the life and times of the tyrant of Padua is a simplejkey— about the size of an ordinary door key. It was the key of the duke's library in his private room. When he wanted to get rid of any of his suite or any person in his household that he had bitter feelings against he used to ring his bell and ask for Mr. John to be sent to him — fancy name, of course — and when John entered the duke would say — Oh, John, I wish you would goto the bookcase in my private room and bring me the 'Dagonet Ballads.' " " Certainly your grace," Mr. John would say, and then away he would trot with the key in his hand. When he got to the library he would put the key in the lock of the bookcase and turn it. But directly he turned it, out of the key shot a long, poisoned needle, which stabbed the band of the holder, and instantly shot back again, John would drop the key and say,— " What the deuce was that?" He would look at his hand and see pnly a small, dark blue spot. He would think nothing of it, but all of a sudden he would begin to'feel- .queer in his head. Presently- some one would come in had Sad him- in a fit on the floor, and the household would be alarmed. " Mr. John has had a stroke or a fit," the people would say. A doctor would be sent for, but his services would be of no avail. In twenty- four hours Mr, John would be dead, and everybody would think that he had died in a fit. There were no botheiing coroners' inquests in those days to upset the plans of clever fellows like the Duke Francis. " Clarisa" writes to a3k, " What is the best age for matrimony 2" That depends, Clarisa. Wecan hardly pre scribe without seeing the patient. For some girls we should answer : " Never for others : " The age at which you get the first chance." "Why do you shakeyour head so despond- 1 ently, my friend?" asked a good brother at the camp-meeting. " I'm afraid there is mighty little hope for me," replied the penitent, brokenly. "I've been an organiser of brass bands for twenty- five years." "I can't say that I'm stuck on Sue Fitz- nercy," remarked Amy. " She is liable to fly off the handle." ' res," replied Mildred, mildly correcting her friend's slang. " I too have observed her tendency to disassociate herself from the hiltwith winged celerity." " I wonder that you dare to take so great a risk as going up in a balloon," said a young lady to an mrouaut. " There is but little risk, Miss, in going up," replied the man of highflying ; " it is the coming down that gives ns the greatest anxiety." A cat that plays the piano is said to be the latest wonder. The creature's ex hibitions are in no way remarkable, however, when merely to bang away at the keys is termed, as it is now, playing j the cat who could not be taught to do as well as that ought to be shot. "Did the close resemblance between a gh' si and a balloonist ever strike you 2" ask i';d" the Snake Editor. "No," replied the Horse Editor. " How do tbey resemble each other 2" " Well, a balloonist i3 an aeronaut," "'Yes ; bub what is a ghost 2" " It's an airy nought, too." Patron ? " i wonder why a beard doesn't giv.y oniny face." Rarbet : " I don't know. Perhaps the cause is hereditary." " ! don't think so. My father had a mag ma '.cent board." " Perhaps so, but your mother hadn't. 1 kueiV her well." . - . " And so you have brought my beautiful, Alprnmso home, have you, .like an honest maa, instead of keeping him yourself, as you might easily have done?" said the delighted lady as she fondled the poodle, ' " Were you not strongly tempted to' keep the darling 1 creature?" ' No mum," replied the incorruptible man, as he pocketed the reward. " It weren't no temptation. .1 couldn't- have sold his bide or a shilling at this season of the year, mum." " - S :edy Party, (to barman) : P Gimme a gin iizz." - Barman : " Yes, sir. Do you want it ex tra fizzy?" : ; v Seedy Party": " No, extra giuny," Ail exchange says we have a right to take f .n um b re 1 1 n? c ir a. !- i-s without permission ttdit'-rV.vAr:we can. Well/ but if the umbrella isn't lVt'iuned-tbe fault is" ours if the -kiss isn't it is the lady's. 1 