"Xiuely Three. " BOOK IV.—THE MOTHER. CHAPTER VII PRELIMINARIES. BY VICTOR HPGO. " Is it possible ? Well, for all that, we must attack. The hour has comp. If we delay, the besieged will think that we arc drawing back." " Commandant, we can attack " " But the safety ladder is necessary." " Doubtless it is." " But we have not got it." " We have it." " How is that ?" " It was that which made me say, ' Ah, at last ! ' The waggon did not arrive ; I took my glass, and swept the Parigné to La Tourgue, and, Commandant, I am delighted, the waggon and the escort are coming down the hill ; you can see them." Gauvain took the glass and looked. " You are right, there it is. There is not enough day left to see very clearly, but I can make out the escort ; it is certainly the ladder. Only, Gudchamp, the escort seems to be more numerous than you told me." " It seems so to me too." "Tliey are about a quarter of a league oil." "Commandant, the escape ladder will be here in a quarter of an hour." " We can attack then at once." It was certainly a waggon which they saw approaching, but not the one which they were expecting. As Gauvain turned, he saw behind him Sergeant Radoub, standing erect, his eyes on the ground, and giving the salute. " What is it, Sergeant Radoub ? " " Citizen Commandant, we, the soldiers of the Regiment of the Red Cap, have a favour to ask you." " What is it ?" " To let us get killed. " " Indeed," answered Gauvain. " Will you have that kindness?" " But that depends on circumstances," said Gauvain. " Look here, Commandant, since the affair at Dol, you have been too careful of us, and there are twelve of us remaining." » Well?" " That is humiliating to us." " You form the reserve." "We had rather be the advance guard." " But I have need of you to decide the day at the close of the action, and it is for this reason that I keep you .back." " Too much 60." " I can't help that ; you are in the main body, and march with it." "In the rear; but Parisian regiments have the right to march at the head." '•I will think over the matter, Sergeant Radoub." "Think of it to-day, Commandant, whilst there is a chance ; there will be hard blows to be exchanged. It will be rough work La Tourgue will burn the fingers of those who touch it. We ask the favour of making one of those who are there." The sergeant paused, gave his moustache a twist, and continued in a broken voice, " Besides, just see here, Commandant ; our babies are in this tower, our children are there, the adopted children of the regiment. That frightful beast they call « Break the Jllues,' and Imânus, this Gouge le Bruant, this thunder of God, a spawn of the devil, threatens our children. Our children, our little mites, Commandant. If earthquakes were to join in this business we cannot permit any misfortune to happen to them. Do you understand that ? We do not wish it A short time ago I took advantage of the trace, and mounting the plateau saw them through a window. YeB, they . aare there for Bure. You can see i I ' them througa the window from the edge of the ravine ; I saw them, but the little loves were afraid of me. My Commandant, if a single hair of their head is injured, I swear to you, by a thousand names of everything sacred, that I, Sergeant Radoub, will take revenge out of someone's carcass, be he who he «nay. And the whole of the regiment say the same. We either want the babies saved, or we wished to be all of us killed. It is our right. Ventraboumine 1 Yes, all killed, and so Commandant, my respects 10 you." Gauvain ^extended his hand to Radoub and said, " You are all brave men. You shall join the 6tormers. I will divide you into two parties. I will put six of you in the van so that the men will be well led, and six in the rear, 60 that no one can retreat." " Shall I as usual command the twelve 1 " " Assuredly." " Then thanks, Commandant, I am off to join the vanguard." Radoub saluted, and went back to his place in the ranks. Gauvain looked at his watch, whispered a few words to Guéchauip, and the attacking force began to form. CHAPTER VIII CIHOUBDAIN'S OFFEB. AT this moment Ciniourdain, who had not yet taken up his position, approached a trumpeter, who stood by Gauvain's side, and said, "Sound." The trumpet sounded, the horn replied once more. "What does this mean, Gućchamp?" asked Gauvain. " What does Cimourdain want ?" Cimourdain moved towards the tower holding up a white hankerchief, raised his voice and spoke. " Do you know me, you men in the tower ?" A voice, the voice of Imânus, answered from the summit, " Yes! " " A dialogue then ensued audible to the bystanders. " I am the envoy of the Republic." " You are the ex-priest of Parigné." " I am the Delegate of the Committee of Public Safety ! " ' You are a priest ! " " I am the Representation of the Law." " You ai'e a renegade." ' I am the Commissioner of the Revolution." " You are an apostate ! " " I am Cimourdain." " You are a devil ! " " Do you know me ? " " We hate you." " Would you be pleased to hold me in your power? " " There are eighteen of us here who would give our heads for yours." " Very well, I have come to give n.yself up to you ! " A burst of cruel laughter floated down from the summit of the tower accompanied by the cry, " Come then!" There was throughout the camp a silence of breathless interest, as Cimourdain resumed the parley. " On one condition ! " " What 1 " " Listen ! " " Speak ! " " You hate me." " We do." " And I love you, I am you brother. " A voice from the top of the tower replied, " Yes, our brother Cain." " Insult me, but listen, " answered Cimourdain in tones at once strange and sweet. " I have come here under the safeguard of a flag of truce. Yes, you are my brothers, you are poor misguided men. I am your friend. I am light speaking to ignorance. Light is 'i ever bro not a common mother, our country ? Well, listen to me. You will in the future know, or your children will know, or your children's children will know, that what is being done now is 4the result of a command from on High, that the Revolution is God's choicest work. Whilst waiting for the time when all understandings, even yours, will comprehend, when all prejudice, even yours, will vanish away, waiting until the great light shall shed its beams upon you, shall no one have pity on your darkness î I come to you, I offer yon my head ; nay, more, I stretch out my hand. I ask you to slay me. that you may Bave yourselves. I have full power, and that which I say, I can do. This is a laBt moment, I make one final effort. Yes, he who addresses you is a citizen, and in that citizen is a priest ; the citizen strives with you, but the priest entreats. Listen to me ! Many amongst you have wives and children. I am taking up the defence of your wives and children, defending them, aye, against yourselves. Ah ! my brothers " "Go and preach, priest," sneered Imânus. Ciniourdain continued,—" My brothers, do not let the fatal hour strike. There will be carnage and slaughter ; many of those who are here to-day will never see tomorrow's sun rise. Yes, mnny of us will perish, and you, all of you, are going to die. Show mercy to yourselves. Why uselessly shed all this blood ? Why kill so many, when the lives of two will suffice ? " " Two ? " repeated Imânus. " Yes, two." " Who?" " LMitonac and I." Once more he raised his voice. "" There are two men too many here,—Lantenac for us, I for you. This is what I ofler you, and you will all have your lives saved. Give us Lantenac, and take me. Lantenac will be guillotined, and you shall do what you like with me." " Priest," roared Imunos, " if we had you we would roast you at a slow fire." "I agree," said Cimourdain, and went on, " You who are condemned to death in this tower, can , in an hour be free and living. I bring safety to you; will you accept it ? " Imânus burst out, "You are not only a scoundrel, but a madman. Why do you come here to disturb us 1 Who asked you to come and spoak to us ? We give up our lord ! What more do you want pray ? " " His head, and I offer " " Your skin ! Ah, Priest Cimourdain ! we would flay you like a dog. Well, we refuse; your skin is not worth his head, so be oflf with you." "This is too awful. For the last time, reflect." Night crept on whilst these. threatening words were exchanged which could be heard both within and without the tower. The Marquis de Lantenac kept silence and allowed others to act for - him. Leaders have their feelings of sinister egotism. It is one of the rights of responsibility. Imânus ceased to speak to Cimourdain, and shouted to the troops behind him,— " Men, who are abont to attack us ! We have made our proposals to you, and they will not be changed. Will you accept them ? If not, woe to all. Do you consent ? We will give up the three children who are there, if you give us all the right of life and exit." " To all of you," answered Cimour- dain " except to one." " And that one ? " " Is Lantenac." " Our lord ! give up our lord 1 never!" " We must have Lantenac." " Never ! " "We can only treat with you on that condition." " Then commence." Silence reigned." Imânus,- after having sounded the signal of warning on his horn, descended the staircase. The marquis took his sword in his hand. The nineteen placed themselves in silence behind their shelter in the tower hall, and then fell upon their knees. They could hear the steady tramp of the column as it advanced to the attack of the tower through the gloom. The sound grew clearer. Suddenly it came close to them, at the entrance therhood. to breach. Besides, Then have the kneeling we gar rison. took aim with their muskets and blunderbusses through Che loopholes of the barricade, and one of them, Grand Francœur, who was the Priest Turmeau, rose to his feet, a naked sabre in one hand, and a crucifix in the other, and said in a solemn voice, " In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." All fired at the same time, and the battle began. • CHAPTER TITANS AGAINST IX. GIANTS. It was indeed terrible, The hand-to hand fight surpassed all that could ' have been imagined. To find anything that could bear comparison to it we must go back to the great duels of ^Eschylus, or to the old feudal butcheries, "thé attacks with short arms" which lasted down to the sevententh century, when soldiers penetrated into strongholds by false breaches, fatal assaults ; where, says the old sergeant ot Alentejo, the mines having done their work, the heseigers advanced, bearing boards covered with sheets of tin, furnished with rondelets and mantlets, and equipped with hand grenades, and forced the beseiged to abandon their entrenchments or shelter trenches and this gaining ground they vigorously pushed the garrison back. The point of attack was frightful ; it was one of those breaches called in technical language " a covered breach that js, a fissure passing through the wall from one side to the other, and not an open breach in the wall with the sky above it. The powder had acted like an auger, and its effect was so violent that the tower had been cracked for more than forty feet above the mine ; but thiB was only a crack, and the practicable aperture that served as a breach, and gave an entrance into the tower chamber, was more like a perforation made by a lance than a piece cut out by an axe. It was a puncture in the flank of* the tower, a long penetrating fracture, something like a well laid on its side, a winding passage, mounting ' like an intestine through a wall fifteen feet in thicknrss; a hideous misshapen cylinder filled with all kinds of indescribable obstacles, where you struck your heai against the granite, and your feet against the rubbish, before your eyes became accustomed to the darkness. In front of the assailants was a black and gloomy arch like the mouth of a gulf, which had for its upper and lower jaws all the stones of the demolished walls ; the mouth of a shark has not more teeth 1 than this frightful opening. It was necessary to enter this gulf and then to get out of it. Within it crashed the volleys, without rose the shelter ; when we say without, we mean in the hall on the ground floor. The conflicts of the sappers in covered galleries when the countermine succeeds in cutting the mine, or below decks in a vessel cari ied by boarding in a naval engagement, could alone equal this for its savage ferocity. A fight in the bottom of a grave is the very acme of horror. The thunder of the assailants answered to the thunder in ambuscade ; explosion replied to explosion. First came Gauvain's shout of "Break through them ! " then Lantenac's cfy, " Keep firm front against them ! " then the yell of Imânus, "Rally, men of Maine!" The clash of sword against sword, blow against blow, frightful discharges killing all around. The torch fastened to the wall showed dimly this scene of unutterable horror. It was impossible to distinguish anything, clearly. All was black smoke tinged with a bloodstained hue. Anyone entering this pandemonium became suddenly deaf and blind ; deaf with the din, blind with the smoke. Disabled men lay helpless amongst the ruins. They trampled on the dead, they trod on bleeding wounds, and crushed broken limbs. Shrieks and yells rose up from the ground. Men had their feet bitten by dying men, and at intervals there were silences more terrible than the noise itseJf. They grappled with each other; there were sounds of suppressed breath- ing, thm gnashing of teeth, oaths, and death rattles, and then once more the thunder would commence. A river of blood flowed from the tower through thebreach and was lost in the darkness of the night. It seemed as if the tower itself was bleeding like a wounded giant. And yet, what was most wonderful, but little noise was heard without. The night was very dark, and in both forest and plain around the assaulted fortress, species of funereal peace reigned. Within was a hell ; outside a tomb. This onset of combatants tearing each other to pieces, in the darkness, these crashing volleys of musketry, these yells, these fierce passions,—all this din was deadened by the thickness of the walls and arches. Air was wanting to carry the sound, and to slaughter was added the horrors of suffooatum. (To be Continued.) 