THE LATE WILKIE COLLINS. AN INTERVIEW wiTh His PuiiusniüKS. By the kindness of Messrs. Chatto and Windus, who have been Mr. Wilkie Collins's publishers for fifteen years, we (Pall Mall Gazette) are able to throw more light on the methods of the famous novelist, the last link which binds us to the old genera- tion of novelists. Mr. Chatto and Mr. Spalding were sitting in a cosy room overlooking Piccadilly, filled with books and lined with pictures, when I called (writes our representative) to announce the death of the famous old novelist, who died in Wimpole-street on Monday, Mr. Chatto was turning over a sheaf of the novelist's letters to the firm, for he had already heard the sad news. "He had an admirable business head," exclaimed the publisher, " and was one of the kindest and most modest of men. Our relations have always been of the pleasantest nature, and I am indeed sorry to hear of his death. It was often my duty to call upon him, for he had become too infirm to move about very much owing to gout, which was his remorseless enemy." We then fell to discussing the various points of interest in his career, which I am able to illustrate briefly by extracts from correspondence which was addressed to his publishers. Such extracts as I give are, as will be seen, not of a private nature, and, seeing that their publication involved no breach of confidence, Mr. Chatto was good enough to allow me to copy the extracts, which are given below, nOW HE WROTE A NOVEL. " It was his habit to write a synopsis or scenario of his novels. He then filled it out, and copying again, with frequent inter- lineation, the whole was type-written and sent to the printer. This was in later years, when it was necessary to send multiplicates to the various subscribers to his syndicates. He was always proud of his knowledge of law and medicine, both of which sciences he had studied profoundly. One of his favourite books was Fallen Leaves,' which appeared in serial form in the World, the story of a man's marriage with a fallen woman, and of the penalty which was exacted from him by society. It was a risky subject, but one on which Collins felt deeply. Women had no more strenuous and earnest friend than he. When he published that book it was marked first series,' but the second was never given to the world because of the dangerous ground which it traversed. Collins felt this very keenly, and it was with the greatest reluctance that he asked us to remove the first series' from the issue. One of his great ideas was to tap that great body of the British public which reads penny novelettes of the love and thunder order, but it never came to anything, owing to the enormous difficulties of distribution." IN TROUBLE ABOUT A TITLE. It is easy to write a novel It is difficult to choose a title. Every novelist knows this, and the matter of titles is constantly referred to in the letters of Dickens. Wilkie Collins often found himself in the same maze of difficulties. He was about to publish a number of short stories in one volume, and was hunting about for a title to cover the lot. He writes to Mr. Chatto as follows:-"I have more faith in your opinion than in mine. My head is fall of two new stories, which float about in my brains, one uppermost at one time, and one at another, and really the titles - (which he should have been considering) don't get a fair chance. In a clearer state of mind I should have seen that Mrs. Zane and the Ghost, and other Stories' was too long. As it is I only see this when you help me. Let us then decide on Little Novels 1' By "Wilkie Collins. And if it should turn out that some damnable female writer has already got the title, let, us stick to it nevertheless. It is not a celebrated title-and there is the grand point. , . . . When the proofs get as far as that look at the little story called 'Royal- Love.' As a delicate little bit of miniature painting, I call it a good stroke of work in its way." >' THE NOVELS. " Our dealings with Mr. Collins, said Mr ] Chatto, " have extended from 1875 until to day, and we always found him the most charming and agreeable of authors to deal with. He was most precise in his agree- ments, and observed and expected observa-' tion to the letter. We have now in our hands all his novels except three : Armadale,' 'No Name,' and After Dark, which are the property of Messrs. Smith, Elder, and Co. ' Antonius,' ' Basil,' ' Hide and Seek, The Dead Secret,' "Queen of Hearts," My Miscellanies,' The Woman in White, The Moonstone,' 'Man and Wife,' 'Poor Miss Finch,' Miss or Mrs.?' The New Magdalen,' The Frozen Deep, The Law and the Lady' The Two Destinies,' The Haunted Hotel,' 'The Fallen Leaves," 'Jezebel's Daughter,' Heart and Sciences The Evil Genius,' The Black Robe,' II Say No,' Little Novels.' Of these by far the most popular is The Woman in White, and after that 'The Moonstone ritUSII BRAIN WANTED FOR TOD DENOUEMENT. When it came to the denouement Collithw took a fillip of fresh air, as will be seen by the following. "Science and Heart," the' novel he refers to, turns on vivisection) of which the novelist was a vehement oppo- nant. The doctor villain is a vivisectionist, and is suspected of cutting up his own' child. If you want to know more read the book. Here is the letter :-" Rather more than two-thirds of a Heart and Science ' are' completed and I feel the want of a week's rest. I go away to- day to the seaside. If it is desirable to let the printers know that there will be no copy sent on this day week, will you kindly give instructions to have it done when you send the present supply? The terrible part of the story is now very near-and I want to write it with a brain, refreshed." ON THE SALT WATER. Wilkie Collins was passionately fond of yachting. His idea of a yacht was a cosy, flat-bottomed, barge, easy-going sort of boat which would go over the sandy flats. He writes in 1878 The last breezy days have soaked me in East water, and the wind seems to have blown my brains out of my head." Again he writes :-" I hope to go to) Ramsgate on Saturday next and get some fresh air. In the meantime do you see any objection to cutting the last monthly part of 'The Haunted Hotel ' into two parts, and so finishing in November instead of in October next ? I am afraid this number will run to too great length as it now stands and I also want to get the longest possible advance on the American pirates." 