GOOD Fil WA I'. Business was entirely suspended yesterday, and the services appropriate to the most solemn anniversary of the Christian Church was performed at all the Anglican and Roman Catholic places of worship A large number of persons visited the encampment during the afternoon, and in the evening a sacred concert was held at the Opera House, but the day was observed by many as a holy day rather than what is understood by our word holiday," and the city wore an almost deserted appearance ST JOHN'S PBO-CATJH»DIUC. At St John's pro-Cathedral there were morning and evening prayers, with sermons appropriate to the commemoration of the church union The Rev Mr Ash preached at the morning service from St John, van , 40 " Then took they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spices, as the manner of the Jews is to bury " The service of the three hours was commenced at noon, at which the Bishop of the diocese delivered an address on the seven last words from the cross In the evening the preacher was the Rev. B R Wilson, who chose as his text 1st Peter, n , 21 -"Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that ye should follow his steps " He asked what were to be their thoughts as they met together for this? last service on this Goodlnday evening. It was not a time for many words, of for a long sermon to be proached rather, it was a time when they should try to let some of these lessons of the cross sink down a little deeper into their minds, that they might bring forth fruit in their lives They should try to realise to themselves what it was that their Lord had left them, what it was they should learn, what inspiration they should draw, from the Cross of Calvary Christ had left them the great example of the cross, and the great example of a consecrated life and 1 He had given them power that they might follow in His steps The body which was laid to lost on that first Good Friday evening rose from the grave and ascended to heaven, and now Gluist pleaded and intended for sinners, and was ever ready to succour those who came to Him in trouble or sorrow Christ was not only ready to succour them as from a distance, but the glorious, body of the Lord Jesus was given to them in sacra- mental form As those who loved the Saviour boston that first Good Friday occupied themselves in preparations of love to he offered to him on the resurrection dux, so they should use the moments which yet remained to them of this Lenten season in preparing themselves to greet with I've and 303, and thankfulness the Saviour's Easter morn The musical portions of the services consisted of psalms and hymns of a penitential character, which were sung without organ accompaniment Air S VIN ra The solemn passion services of Good Friday were largely attended at All Saints Church on Wickham Terrace yesterday, when four services were held The congregations which assent bled both at matins and evensong were considerably larger than those of many years past The officiating clergyman in the morning and evening was the Rev C F Robinson, who was assisted by the curate, the Rev J Benoy Not a note of the organ was heard during the whole of service, and the altar was draped in black, while the members of the choir did not wear their surplices The actor sang every alternate verse of the Litany of the Passion" and in the other verses that congrega- tion joined Mr Robinson also preached at each service In the evening the offertory was taken upon behalf of the Choir Fund. The choir sang part of the music of the " Messiah," when Miss Ada Peat took the alto and Mr T H Salisbury the tenor solos Mrs Willmore presided at the organ CHRIST CHURCH, NEWS The Rev. Manley Power, M A , preached to a fairly large congregation yesterday morning from the words, "Jesus in the midst" of John, xix 16 He asked his hearers to go back with him to Calvary, and said we sinned in our days to be on a high mountain from which we could behold all the kingdoms of the world, all the history of mankind from the creation, and the central figure in the world's line) was Jesus, the Redeemer of the world All fact as were turned towards Jesus on Calvary Immediately stn entered the world there was the word of hope given and mankind began to turn their eyes towards Calvary, and now that the great day had come and gone there was still the sacrifice, fell the sad event which pointed back to Calvary even as the old world sam flees had pointed onwards to it As we stand on this vantage ground WE See two great multitude, the one saving this to a and the other facing that way, two great congregation kneeling in worship facing each other all eyes fixed upon one central object, all true hearts turned one way for Christ was in their midst lifting "them up and drawing them to himself. Christ, who was betrayed by human greed, rejected by Jewish blindness, crucified by Roman policy. Those crimes were not peculiar to those who took the leading parts, in that great tragedy. They were only typical crimes, common and often repeated since their. Pilat, Judas, andCuiaphus were repeated literary age, the same men only under different names. Notwithstanding the difficulty our finite minds had in grasping fully the mystery of the atonement and the question whether she existed in the other worlds besides ours composing the universe, we knew enough to send us to the House of God in gratitude and hope, and to make us join in the unending song of "Worthy- is the Lamb that was slain, for He hath redeemed us by His blood." We know not much about the life beyond the grave, perhaps because it was so entirely beyond our present faculties of understanding, " for what had been told us had been told us probably in allegory, but one thing was clear that there Jesus was in the midst In our present daily life, with all its cares, its temptations, its joys and blessings, Jesus was still in our midst. Where there AVera sufferings and trials, or where there was a cross, the Crucified One was present. Our hearts were miniature worlds and were full of contradictions and anomalies at times, with an almost unbounded capacity or facility for sin, and yet of it, too, might the words be true, " Jesus in the midst." Lot there only be grace within, and the Crucified would be there, too. "They. Unit are Christ's have crucified the flask with the affections and lusts," and it was to such that the Crucified said, " Lo, I am with you alway." ST. STEPHEN'S CATHEDRAL.. Yesterday the offices of Good Friday were solemnly celebrated at St. Stephen's Roman Catholic Church. All the pomp and glory of the previous day (Holy Thursday was laid aside. The high altar was denuded of all its ornaments. The white vestments of silk and gold of the officiating clergy were exchanged for black, and the drapery behind the altar was of the same colour. Over the altar in large golden letters the following prophetic inscrip- tion was written :-Jb'cee nweiiiümits .Tcrotolyiita.ii el constemabttnUir ominous quite scripta until per prophet as the Filio honours. During the earlier days of the week all the offices are preparatory for the celebration of the great event. The Church put forth yesterday that solemn grandeur of office which is peculiar to her, and which has been enriched with the love, poetry, and genius of well nigh twenty centuries. Precisely at 3 o'clock the " Mass of the Pro announced " commenced. The Rev. J. B. Breen was celebrant, the Rev. J. Canali deacon, and the Rev. J. Brady Hiiudouoou. The Rev. D. Fouhy was master of ceremonies. His Grace Archbishop Dunne occupied the throne. Fathers,; Morris and M'lfoirnn were assistants. On the arrival of the celebrant, accompanied by the deacon and subdeacon, and pro- ceded by the altar boys in purple cassocks, the choir began the "Stabat Mater." The three officiating clergymen remained prostrated for a few moments before the high altar, whilst the acolytes covered it with a white cloth. The celebrant rising then ascended the steps of the altar, kissed it, and read in silence I ho sixth chapter from Oseo. Then a tract on money, and a prayer to our blessed Lord, that He may give us the grace of a resurrection." The sub-deacon read the lesson for the day, which was taken from Exodus, xii., and also a tract on the 150th Psalm. After this the deacon and subdeacon retired and laid aside their vestments, and, accompanied by a third deacon, the Passion according to St. John was sung. Ono deacon sang the words of our Lord, another those of the evangelist, and the third sang all the other portions of the Gospel, smell is the crying of the Jowslo crucify him," and the pronouncement of Pilate. This portion of the office is extremely impressive, and when the deacon came to that part of the Gospel, and bowing his head, he gave up the ghost" the whole of the vast congregation knelt down for a short time to meditate and admire the goodness of God. After the singing of the Gospel, the deacon and sub-deacon resumed their vestments, and the celebrant re ported aloud the prayer for " the Church, the Pope, the Archbishop, the Queen, the Cuteohiunons, the prayer to God the Father, that He may cleanse the world of till crimes, remove diseases, drive away famine, open prisons, break chains, grant a safe return to travellers, health to sick, and a port of safety to those at sea." Then he recited a prayer for all non- Catholics, that " our God and Lord would deliver them from all errors and vouchsafe to recall them to our Holy Mother the Catholic and Apostolic Church." Then comes the prayer for sisters and CANS, that the latter may "aoknoAvIodgo the light of truth which is in Christ, and that they may be delivered from their darkness," as also a prayer for pagans, " that they may be converted to the true and living God." After reading the prayers, the celebrant passed to the " epistle " side of the altar, where he received the cross, which was covered from the deacon and facing the people, he uncovered it, saying, "Behold the wood of the cross on which hung the Saviour of the world; come, let us adore." The officiating clergy again laid aside their outer vestments, and took off their shoes, and each proceeded to the foot of the altar where the cross was laid and kissed it. Then followed the Archbishop and the rest of the clergy, as well as the altar boys. The cross was then taken to the step leading to the sanctuary, and laid in a cushion, where all the faithful followed. During the kissing of the cross, the choir chanted the following verses My people, what have I done to shop, or in what have I grieved theo ? answer me. Because I brought thee out of the land of Egypt: thou hast prepared a cross for thy Saviour." One side of the choir sang in Greek the words, " O Holy God," and the other side of answered in Latin in the last words. Then the first choir sang " Oh Holy Strong One," and the second answered as before. The first side again sang "O Immortal One, have mercy on us, and the second repeated the same words in Latin. At the Adoration of the Cross, as it is called, but which is merely the manifestation of profound respect and veneration, the choir sang the incomparable chant Mhercrcmcï, 'Deal', with such a tenderness of expression and depth of feeling as we have rarely heard. The choir again obtained the verses appropriate to this time, which refer to the goodness of God to the Jewish people, and their return to Him. The last of these roads as follows: " I gave thee a royal sceptre, and thou has given to my head a crown of thorns. I have exalted then with great power, and thou hast hanged me on the gibbet of the cross." Both choirs sang then the praises of Our Blessed Lord, and prayed for the " light of his countenance to shine upon us, and have mercy on us." The glorious hymn Ceux Willetts was sung then, and also the Vetilla | regis product. As the celebrant proceeded to the altar of repose, where the blessed sacrament had lain since the previous day, surrounded by a gorgeous array of lights and flowers, the procession faced towards the high altar ; the celebrant having taken the blessed sacrament from the deacon, carried it, amidst the prayers of the people to the high altar, and finished the mass of the day. To-day (Holy Saturday the "Blessing of the Five" takes place at the church door. During the blessing the priest implores God to " infuse into the hearts of the faithful the light and grace of the Holy Ghost." He also blesses the five grains of incense, emblematical of the five wounds of Christ. The Paschal candle, representing the resurrection of Christ and the resurrection of the human race, from the sepulchre of sin and death, will be lighted. The "Gloria in Excelsis" is then sung and immediately the church bells, that have been silent for the past week, again invite the faithful to rejoice as the Easter morn will be soon at hand. To-morrow the Catholic Church will celebrate the Resurrection and remind her children that what have been commemorated are but the emblems of their own great resurrection and of a brighter and better land. At St. Peter's, West End, there will be Holy Communion at 7 a.m., unions and Holy Communion at 11 o'clock, children's service at 3.15 p.m., and choral even.oiig-at~7.30. 