*The Sydney Pnlpit. (BY 'FBBEGBINTrs/') IX. *THE OLD SCOTS' CHCECH. The church of John Dunmore Lang should certainly receive some notice before these, already too protracted, sketches draw to a close. It is, perhaps, too soon yet rightly and impartially to estimate the real value of Dr. Lang's wort, characterised as it was by so much of what was aggressive, and which often led him not only to' speak unadvisedly with his lips, but, what is more, to write incautiously with his pen. For, unfortunately, what is written, lives and is remembered. ' O that mine en«my hid written a book!' Dr. Lang, who was more of a politician than a divine, did ?write books ; but in reading them the exigencies and peculiar tircumstances of the times must be remembered. It must also be borne -in mind that hewing of irood and drawing of water were as much neces sities in his day as the higher service to which he was called. A man of strong feelings, rugged, item, and uncompromising when in the discharge of an'apprehended duty, he could yet be gentle as a woman ; and the writer remembers hearing him preach in a Methodist Chapel in Collingwood, Victoria, nearly thirty years ago, when a simple anecdote of ' a man overboard' produced a marked and visible effect on the congregation. ' Dr. Lang was at the time suffering from some domestictrouble ; and the sympathy felt and ex pressed for him was widespread and sincere. Vox popvli vox dei. A circumstance connected with the erection of the now venerable Scots' Church deserves to be remembered. A proposal to erect the present building — the first Presbyterian Church in Australia — having been made by Dr. Lang, a respectful memorial was ad dressed to the Governor, Sir Thomas Brisbane, for Government aid ; but for some reason un accounted for a most snubby reply was returned, which in those autocratic days there was nothing to do but to swallow. By some means, however, the matter got into the English press, and at tracted the attention of Earl Bathurst, the then Secretary of State for the Colonies, who not only ordered the prayer of the memorial to be com plied with, but added large and unlooked-for favors in addition, which not only gave to the Scots' Church considerable prestige, but served to bring Dr. Lang into greater prominence. It may not be out of place to put on record, in the columns of the Evening News, a few prominent facts in the life of one who was not only pastor for fifty five years of th$ church under notice ; but who w&s;/in so many ways, identified with the moral, social and religious progress of the colony. Dr. Lang was born in Greenock on August 25, 1779; he received the degree of Master of Arts from the University of Glasgow in 1820; and the degree of D.D. in 1825. He arrived in Sydney in 1823, and was the first Presbyterian minister that planted foot on Australian soil. As a member of the Legislative Council he represented Sydney for many years, and was one of the first representa tives of Victoria, whose independence, as also that of Queensland, he materially aided to secuie. As a legislator, no less than as a divine, his in fluence was widespread and usef uL It is interes ting and instructive to note the tenacity with which the greater portion of the Scots' Church congregation cling to old usages, and the evi dent conservative reluctance to brook change. The -Dsabns and hymns are still sung in a 'sitting posture by a large number who, of course, consistently stand during prayer; but the transition state between the old and new state of things is in nothing better exemplified than in the psalmody. Thus, on Sunday evening for instance, the service commenced with the 1st Psalm from the old paraphrase version, sung to a good old Scotch tune and in a good old Scotch style; the hymn, that followed was one of Moody and Sankey's jiggy and jerky compositions, ''Yield not to Temptation,' with which frequenters of Mi. Varley's meetings are familiar. The Scots' Church has recently undergone much needed repairs and renovation, the effect of the whole, particularly the very handsome ceiling, being pleasing and substantial; but even here, the un willingness to submit to change is apparent; for, at the expense of uniformity, a portion of the old fashioned pew accommodation at the top of the church has been retained. As might be expected, from the altered condition of things, the congre gation now largely consists of persons who reside in remote parts of the city and suburbs, and who attend from even North Shore and Bondi, and other distant -^places. This can not but prove detrimental to the various church agencies, and, in inclement weather, to the congregation itself ; but in the Eev. E. Dill M'Kay the church has a pastor of energy and ability and one who is evidently not frightened of work. That the kindliest relation ships subsist' between himself and his congrega tion is evidenced by the faet that at the List aTiTiTm.1 meeting of the congregation it was de cided to insure his life for .£2000 — an example worthy of wider imitation. Mr. M'Kay is a con sistent follower, in the matter of the standards, of his distinguished predecessor ; and while, as will be seen in the resume of his Sunday evening sermon, here given, he keeps himself en rapport with the phenomena and science «f the day, he Btill accepts the Genesian account of the Fall in its literal sense ; translates 'aionios' as 'ever- lasting ' and not ' age long,' or ' of the ages ;' believes in a personal Satan and a material Hell; but with what some might regard as an incon sistency, he is yet sanguine, happy, and cheerful in his work, and goes about it as if there were none of these terrible perplexities. Mr. M'Kay takes much interest in the work of improving the character of Sunday-school teaching; ? and during the week the first of a series of model lessons to teachers is to be given. Mr. M'Kay's style as a preacher is earnest and even impassioned. He speaks very fluently, and entirely without notes of any kind. He moves about from side to side of his pulpit dais as he speaks, apparently unconscious of anything but the subject matter of his discourse. The text on Sunday evening was taken from Genesis iii., 6, ' And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also to her husband with her and he did eat.' In this chapter, said the preacher, we had the account of the fall of man, and the first introduc tion of sin into the world. The question of the origin of sin was one pregnant with difficulty. All that we really knew was that it actually ex isted before man : ' Ere the morning stars sang together and the sons of God shouted for joy ' over the creation of this, fair earth, sin had already wrought misery and ruin, even within the precincts of Heaven in the downfall of Satan and the angels who sinned with him. Whatever difficulties, therefore, encompassed the fall of man, they were as nothing compared with the fall of Satan. In the scale of creation man was made lower than the angels ; and in his best state, therefore, Adam was weaker than Satan. Sin was in existence when Adam fell; while Satan's, so far as we knew, was the first sin of the universe. Adam was ? seduced to sin from temptations borne in upon him from without; while in the case of Satan sin seems to have arisen spontaneously from his own being. The fall of Satan, therefore, we could not account for; the fall of man we could. It was the outcome»of the desire of the fallen angel to involve the whole race of man in the rain which he iad brought upon himself. Enter ing the garden in the form of a serpent and ad dressing the woman whom he well knew to be | the weaker of the two, he first poisoned and sowed the seed of sin in her mind; and then by a fiat I denial and contradiction of God's word, he caused I her to doubt his veracity, and this doubt termin I ated in actual disobedience. It might, continued I the preacher, be instructive to note the several , elements which entered into th© fall, and which were summarised in the text. There was first the element- of selfishness; a desire to please, and gratify herself rather than obey God — the outgrowth of her already partially corrupted nature; and a love of self rather than a love of God, or what was good would ever be found to be a characteristic of sin. What could be more toothsome and pleasing than self gratifi cation ? It was this which gave the way of sin a wide passage and a broad entrance, according^) the words of the Saviour. The crucifixion or annihilation of self sorepulsivetoself, on the other hand, was that which led to eternal life. It was, tooof ten,not liberty, but license which was sought by the human heart; not free thought, but fchonght free from all control, from all law, ? -'--*??- ?..*?' ' i human and divine; the abolition of God; the abolition of government; the abolition of all ties, sacred, domestic, social, connubial, and marital; and the world turned into a pandemo nium of disorder — a seething hell of vice. It was, in a word, the gratification . of self which, was at the root of human misery.- The second element of sin noticed, as entering into the fall, was pride. Besides the gratification of self, Eve aspired to God-like attributes. Not content with the wisdom bftstowed upon her, and the position' in which she had been placed, shewished, by illegitimate means, to penetrate the unknown and obtain- a know ledge which had been wisely denied her; and what was this, asked the preacher, but the spiritualism of the present day? We were apt to look upon this form of religion as though it were the outgrowth of the present century. But this was not the fact ; it dated as far back as the fall; and began in Eden when Mother Eve held her first seance with Satan, and endeavored to obtain by illegitimate means ille gitimate knowledge ; and since then, in all ages of the world, there had been mediums who have held, or pretended to hold, intercourse with the unseen world — witches of Endor, who had called up reputed Samuels ; sorcerers and clairvoyants, who had pretended to a second sight ; dreamers and thought-readers, who pretended while in trance to enter the spirit world and hold consultation with its inhabitants. The Brah mins of India, before the time of Christ, went through the table- turning and table-rapping of modern spiritualism. Itmight be asked,continued Mr. M'Kay, whether he believed in such things ? And his reply would be — Yes ; that he believed in a great deal. He believed, for instance, in the wonderful power of expectant attention. He be lieved in the putting forth of an energy of which a man might himself be utterly unconscious ; but which a sensitive and practised medium could interpret as easily as he could read the printed letters of a book. He believed very much in the power of imagination, and related a circum stance in his own youth, in which he believed he had seen a veritable ghost. He believed in the reflection of light by mirrors; in magnetism, in mesmerism, in somnambulism, in hypnotism or induced som nambulism, and in an exalted state of sensibility in such subjects. He believed, moreover, in un conscious mental influence in thought-reading, in the power of one mind over another, and i* the power of a stronger will over a weaker. He believed in these things because they had been provea to be scientific facts, even though science could Hot always explain the cause or shed light upon the reason of them. He was prepared to believe that there were still deeper mysteries in connection with our organic structure in the relation of mind to mind and mind to matter vet to be discovered, and whose rationale of man — in a word, that there were 'more things in Heaven and earth than were comprehended in our philosophy;' but, while believing all this, he as firmly believed that the religion of ghosts or the spiritualism of the present day was nothing short of the religion of hell, and that 099 manifestations out of every thousand were simple deceptions, of which those in the secret are perfectly aware. Any one who had seen the performances of Professor Jansen in the Opera House for the past three weeks would readily acknowledge how easy it was to deceive the eye and the judgment and to perform a jugglery beyond, utterly beyond, comprehension. The preacher saidtliat he did not affirm that there was nothing in spiritualism; but what there waB in it was of the devil. The third element of sin, as entering into the fall, was sensuality. The eye of Evelustea after the forbidden fruit, and her mouth thirsted for it. Sin, which had hitherto only existed in the passions of the mind, extended its influence to the appetites of her body, and by these her nature was inflamed to such a degree that, losing sight of the dictates of reason, con science and the command of God, she gave loose rein to her desires, plucked the forbidden fruit, lost self-control; and yielding herself to the impulses of her corrupted nature, fell as many have fallen since. The -fourth element of sin which entered into the fall was that of unbelief, under which head the preacher drew a striking parallel between the reasoning of Eve and that of modern disbelief which rejects the Word of God or portions of it ; the doctrine of eternal punish ment and other prominent teachings of the Bible in favor of its own preconceptions. Nine-tenths of the scepticism of the day arose as did Eve's from men lusting after their own way ; and they were against the Bible, because the Bible was against them. The Bible declares endless misery as the portion of the impenitent; it described this state of misery as the blackness of dark ness and chains; as the second death and eternal death ; as a worm that never dies ; the everlasting gnawing of a remorseful conscience, and as a fire that never can be quenched. Efforts were, however, made to tone dowii and explain away the awful statements, but these efforts were merely a repetition of Satan's dealings with Eve. The last point on which the preacher dwelt was that actual disobedience was another and fatal element of the fall. The preacher dwelt with peculiar force and fervor on this point, citing telling instances in demonstration of his theme, and concluded a powerful discourse, which was entirely extempore and delivered with much animation, with a fervid appeal to the hearts and consciences of his hearers to accept God's method of salvation. 