? O^asjbn^lic^es. ' -^ '. Th% web -A «ox life is otV mingled yarn, gciodana ill together.' ? . . . - Politicians in .New South Wales — indeed one might say politicians in Australia — are waiting with bated breath for the' re-assembling of our statesmen. What with one, thing or another, we are about ripe enough not only to extend the xrancmse to women, ftut ' also give tnem .seats in the popular branch of our Legislature. Indeed, members of Parliament are ever ready to call the greyheaded veterans in 'the other cham ber' not only 'fossils,' but 'old women.' If then 'old women'' legislate for us in one place, why not . give young women a trial in the other. One thing is certain, the weaker sex (by the way, are they all round weaker than men ?) could be as wise and as use ful as some honorable members that could be named. One redoubtable knight has expressed his willingness to give the question a trial ; but one obstacle rises like a ghost, viz., some junior (aye, and senior, too) members could not be trusted where beauty and wisdom sit beneath silk and satin. Fancy the Colonial Secretary and the Postmaster-General sitting on the Treasury benches with the head of the Department of Cookery between' them. The idea is all too ? exhilarating. Legislation indeed ! and where would the aforesaid juniors be with such an . example before them. Would not the hon. member for Blank be in viting the dearest of creatures, the hon. ineniber ?fm» rSini^'c '\7olii if *1rtn-+: maun +.lio 'WTnvOoaTM irt take an ice cream in the refreshment room. Legislation under such a regime would be out of the question, not to mention the Speaker's lingual prostration calling so ' frequently — ' Sergeant, ring the.bell; no quorum present.' Oae hears of a dutiful wife facing- all weathers, not to mention ' all sorts and conditions of mire/' in order that her liege lord (she doesn't call him that privately), who is absent recruiting his health, may not be lose to the country. By way of parenthesis, I may mention a case where a politician's wife canvassed for her absent husband, and by her charming ways so captivated the electors that her husband was returned at the head of the poll. And talking of polls reminds me that the candidate who ran in the, same interest was addressing the 'free and intelli gent,' when a fiend called out : ' Take off your hat.' He readily complied, and exhibited a eaput as bald as a billiard- ball. Another fiend then said, audibly enough: *?'! never saw an interesting woman without a bald-headed man following in her train.' However, as both the absent husband and the bald-headed legislator were elected for the same constituency, we have an instance of woman's successful inter ference in politics. Still when it comes to be settled whether women should sit in Parliament, for the sake of the country, for the sake of the poor, unfortunate refreshment room attendants, I would say keep the women where they are — outside the Speaker's 'ken.' It is to be hoped that ?' hon. members opposite' will carry out the sensible plan they adopted in the Ministerial elections, i.e., not oppose the Government on the much vexed fiscal question. If both sides of the House agree to pass not only Supply and the Amending Land Bill, but also the hoary-headed Local Government Bill, then mem bers will earn the gratitude of the country, and take a step in theright direction. New South Wales is thoroughly sick of the ' jtir and outs ' games Lately played by men old enough to knew better. Give the present occupants of the Treasury benches a fair trial, so that we can decide their right or not to the title of ' The Promissory Note Government,' Talking of the Government, one cannot help wondering how the once irreconcilable Sir Henry Parkes and his i^resent Postmaster-General will rub along in Cabinet meetings. One time Sir Henry delighted to speak of the ' jaynial' member for West Syd ney soaring up to giddy heights, and then cutting fantastic acrobatic feats and falling down head, or hands, first. Sir Henry must surely be candid for once and admit that his P.M.G. in the present political fireworks exhibition has been fortunate enough to land upon his feet. One thing is certain — if the Hon. D. O'Connor does not alter tne staircase leading vo ms sanctum sanctorum, he will one afternoon, upon leaving his day's work behind him, land in the George-street corridor in a manner similar to that described by his present chief. One day I saw a portly old gentleman in an unguarded i moment, let his heels slip on those stairs. Con- ' sequently he came down quicker than a toboggan expert. The way he past participled the stairs, architect, officials, &c;, 1 fully expected Mr. Cracknell on the scene to-.see if all the telephonic apparatus had been struck by lightning. I would not like Mr. O'Connor to enjoy a similar descent, but I very much desire to see the staircase made useful and safe as well as ornamental. Reading the account or tae impromptu present J to the gallant skipper of the Alameda, one can not help noticing one blemish, viz., that the company was not increased by at least another unit — the reader. Mr. Playf air, ever ready in a good cause, has earned another eulogium by organising a tribute to so -worthy a recipient as Captain Morse. The captain has made a host of friends on this side of the Pacific, and many a wish is expressed that it may be a long time be fore he goes ' aloft,' like Tom Bowling did. The six ardent sportsmen who made the presentation never did a more congenial action ; and now that the Alameda is ploughing the deep, her engines will not thud more than Captain Morse's heart now beats against his breast with still stronger feelings of good will towards New South Wales in general, and the liberal six friends in particular. Fancy, *'* Mr. Foley made the presentation in terse, forcible language.' Just the way he al ways does, only as a friend of mine, who has reason to know, says he presented him with another member, that time the end of his right arm. Well done, Mr. Foley, and if your vocal language is as effective as your dumb language, 1 nope TO see you auoru wo iua.uioi.ui, iuiu. sit serenely in your chair after a vigorous speech, none daring to dispute your argument. After Mr. Foley came Mr. PlayfaLr; then followed the dumbfounded captain, who soon suffered a re covery. After that, to borrow my brother scribe's eloquent words, ' the other business then was * liquidation.' ' 'Liquidation,' indeed. One time a learned judge on the other side of the Pacific had been ' liquidating ' with some junior members of the Bar. The judge woke up next day plus the land lord's silver spoons. Of course, he returned the articles and apologised to the landlord, Sterritt. A few days afterwards a prisoner pleaded guilty, but drunk. Judge Brown woke up from his doze, and after a few interrogations he found that the prisoner yias ' regularly indicted for stealing a large sum of money from, the Columbus Hotel.' ' Young man/' said the astonished judge, 'you are certain you were drunk. Where did you get your liquor?' 'At Sterritfs,' was the reply. That being the same hotel the judge had been liquidating at, he eagerly asked, ' Did you get none nowhere else?' 'Not a drop, sir.' ' You got drunk on bis liquor and afterwards stole bis money?' 'Yes sir.' 'Mr. Prosecutor,' said the judge, ' do me the favor to enter a nolle prosequi in that man's case. That liquor of Sterritfs is mean enough to make a man do any thing dirty. I got drunk on it the other day myself and stole all of Sterritfs spoons ! Eelease the prisoner, Mr. Sheriff, I adjourn the court.' I give the foregoing for what it is worth, also without insinuating that all ' liquidations' end in a similar manner. SYLVANUS. 