Memmon. The gray curtains of morning twilight hung gloomily over the endless dunes of sand. The drab-green leaflets of the mimosa were not rustled by the slightest breeze, and no bird had yet broken into song. Not a sunbeam to lend itB golden embroidery to the broken column of the temple ; not a ray of silver light to dispel the ashen gloom of the heavens, or break the sougless repose of the palm-dotted desert. The distant river, with its fringe of olives melted into the sky. and its silvery Bhimmer appeared like the sinuous reflection of a luminous lily- star in a gently rippled lake. An opalescent mist crept like a ghost above the parched sands, and the peaceful spirit of silence seemed to -reign until the morning song of Memoon should break the potent BDell. 'The eternal Pyramids frowned in the dis tance in orders gray, and the acacias bent like the Faithful in prayer, as though im pressed by the Bubtle charm of the silence that was lonely and unbroken. The herons Btood in majestic immobility, as though charmed, among the reeds and eedge that surrounded their watery haunts. Numbers of motionless palms were etched, like sentinels, against the horizon, whose hem was yet unconscious of the first faint kis3 of dawn — whose folds and draperies of gray seemed awaiting the golden roses 0! sunrise to blossom forth and light them into perfect beanty. In the midst of thi3 apparently eternal hash, this silence that would make sqoh a beautiful back ground for the harp string twang of his morning voice, Memnon sat in the unbroken solitude, with no breeze to fan his cheek, looking steadfastly toward the east lor the first rosy light to tremble in ths wan, white sail of day, and wake the accents of his morning song. Suddenly, the sombre inantle seemed to fall from the sky, and in the distance be hind the Pyramids a dainty, delicate flush 0! rose appeared, a breeze started across the burning desert, the lips of Memnon parted, and filled the rippled air of midsummer with : " Is it hot enough for you ?" [?] 