LIFE AND GODLINESS. On Sunday evening last the Bev. J. Chapman, of the Collins-street Baptist Church, Melbourne, preached in the Flinders-street Baptist Church, Adelaide, to a large •audience. Mr. Chapman was assisted in the devotional part of the service by the Bev. C. F. Smith, of Orroroo. He took as his text the passage in II Peter i. 2—3, dwelling more particularly upon ' Life and Godliness. The preacher said that the apostle desired that grace and peace should be multiplied towards those to whom he wrote, and he had a firm persuasion that this desire would be realized, because God had given all things that pertain unto life and Godliness. The apostle rested his assurance upon the fact that God bad already provided all that was necessary to salvation, and he stated that this salvation consisted of life and Godliness, these two c'omponent parts or elements. It was important we should understand these words in the order stated. In dealing with them he would reverse the order of the text and speak first on godliness. Godliness consisted inChristian conduct, or the behaviour or conduct of those who feared God. Christian conduct was broad, inclusive, comprehensive. It included first the everyday virtues, such as honesty, truthfulness, sobriety and chastity. Above this lower range of familiar virtues were those of humility, gentleness, forbearance, kindness. There was a still higher grade, including self-denial, self-sacrifice, benevolence, and there was a range above that in which were included Bible-reading, sacrament taking, church going, and the confession of Christ. All these were included in Christian conduct or godliness. He need hardly tell them that the Bible inculcated godliness. Jesus Christ was perpetually giving; instruction as to its nature. The great purpose to which his life was devoted was to give an example godliness. No religious teacher insisted with greater emphasis than Christ upon the absolute necessity of godliness. He warned those to whom he spoke that without godliness they could not be saved. Orthodoxy, profession, would avail nothing to the man who lived and died without godliness. Since godliness was so important, they should be grateful to God for having provided all things necessary. God always gave before he required. All his givings were enablings. He had given in his word directions how to attain godliness. In Jesus Christ He had given an example of godliness, and in the Holy Ghost He had given a divine helper to assist the seeker. Go 1 might appeal to men, and say, what more could I do that I have not done. Were there any amongst his hearers who wished to obtain salvation, to please God, to win eternal life, and fellowship with those who have gone before 2 Then they must attain to godliness,' Perhaps there were some anxious to become godly, who wanted to live the Christian life, who were following alODg that line. To such he wished to speak a plain word, and to say they were on the wrong tack. Before they could attain to godliness, they must obtain something else first. If they pursued their present line they would fail to attain the Christian life and its blessedness. They must stop, and come back, and begin afresh. Was this not hard ? Some had been following godliness for twenty years or more, must these begin again? The first question was what was necessary. They had been following the second condition before attending to the fiist. Life was the first requisite of salvation. Godliness would spring out of life. They had been attending to effects instead of causes—trying to pluck the fruit before they planted the tree. Salvation consisted not of godliness alone, but of life and godliness. Jesus Christ came to give life first, and godliness second. Be a Christian first, and then live like one in all holiness of conduct and conversation. He was persuaded there was no error so common as that to which he had referred. Of all the heterodoxies none was capable of doing so much mischief, or inflicting greater havoc amongst human souls. Of all the causes which deprived human souls of comfort and happiness, none was comparable to the error of seeking after godliness, and forgetting the necessity of seeking life first. The churches were full of people who made this mistake, and the ministers were partly to blame for it. Did the average type of Christian life to-day, he asked, compare at all with the type presented in the epistle under consideration. People, when asked about their hopes, would reply that they were just getting along somehow, but the Christian life had been a disappointment to them. They had not found in it the peace, power, and gladness which they had anticipated. They went weary along the dull, dry march of life, till they drop out the ranks, and follow Christ no more, all because of this mistake. They must first go to Jesus and get life, and then live it out. If they would read the gospel by John, they would find that Christ mads it plain that he had come to give men life—more abundant life. Godliness was the evolution of an indwelling life. We could never get this life by climbing up the steep stairs of godliness ; but if we would but. receive the life which Christ offers, we should find it in us a well of water springing up, and branching out into all manner of streams of life and beauty. The wonder was not chat men who began on the wrong tack ultimately gave up, but that they held on so long. These people really never were- Christians. They never began the Christian life- To be a Christian was to cast one's self for time and eternity at Christ's feet. Those who did this did not go back, This might be called Calvinism, perhaps it was, but it was sound philosophy. The reason why the surface of their Australian cities was strewn over with human wreckage was because men had followed godliness; without first receiving life. No wonder they got weary and went back. Christ claimed to give life. Had they received it? God claimed the entire surrender of the soul and would accept nothing less. Mr- Chapman closed his discourse with an earnest appeal to his hearers to make an immediate and complete surrender to Christ. This would ensure life, and godliness would spring out of this just as a plant springs out of the seed. An after meeting was held in which a large number remained. Evangelistic services were held in the same Church during several meetings of the week. 