Marooned. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of ' The Golden Hope,' ' The Wreck of tbe Grosvenor,' 'The Lady Maud,' ' A Sea Queen,' ' Jack's Courtship,' ' The Frozen Pirate,' &c.; Chapter XXX.— WE LEAVE THE ISLAND. I have heard sweeter music in my time than (hat negro's snore ; but though it might have disturbed tho repose ot the dead, nothing was ever more comforting and soothing to me, as you will believe, when I say that I could not listen to the poor feilow'j gasps with out reflecting how very near indeed I had come to murdering him. My restlessness was a sort of fever, and six or eiffht times before the davliffht came. I crept fcoltly up into the open to take a pf ep at tbe boat, and make sure that she lay safe. Indeed, we had met with so many surprises on this island, that 1 was in a man cer prepared for tbe strangest thing that could happen : and I believe had I loooked forth out of the hatch and found the boat gone, whatever might be tbe emotions which would have helped to tbe madness such a loss Mr. Henby Buowke, (Mayor of Silverton.) ]Sec Page 1080.] must have raised in me., wonder would not have been uf them. I had made up mind to steer west, knowing thai tho American seaboard lay that way, to say no more : but it was very vexing that the negro should be ignorant of (he situation of this island, and unable to pilot me to the nearest inhabited land. The- joy caused by possession of the. boat had overwhelmed all other considerations ; but now that I lay sleepless upon my bed of grass and rug, waiting for the skylight to glimmer out to the dawr, I found myself a bit dis heartened by the prospect of tie new voyage. That there was land down in the vest vi bin view from the ship's masthead, I did not doubt ; but then it tuigbt prove such aDothi r little spot as this, verlxnt and un inhabited: in which case wcfhould have to pushou; and how far off might tfce neare-t laud to it be ? It was a great ocean, as M i.-s Grunt hud raid, for so little a boat, ttrange, too, t! a one of ray minor seafaring nightmares should be fulfilled long after I had abandoned the profe-siou, for 1 rtcullect th»t when 1 was at sea 1 would think with horror of exposure in an open boat, which to my young imagination threatened »n ex peiience scarce* less fearlul than the rat. Indeed, of the two. perhaps, the raft was i he less horrible, for a man was not likely to linger long on Mich a con trivance, whereas in an open boat he niuht go on languishing for days until he died, and then be found a skeleton in the bottom of her, with the little craft afloat and buoyant after months of different kinds of weather. Nay, had not that uiorning indeed illus trated the sianiticance of the open boat at sea ; the dead man in her, that creature vonder pointing with ebony forefinger to hi* rnuufh tilled with froth, the empty locker, the thirsty, oily smell of the paint, inside and out, exhaling to the wasting glare of the Bun ! Well, well, thought I, ihe sort of t-pirif 1 require is not to be Kocoutof thoughts of this kind; and my eye ihen \--.atching the dim, greenish lustre of the dawu, . lying Kko waning moonshine ujoa the skylight, I started up, ihnnkingGod fordiyliirbt.and feeling that, let the future hold what it might, the b.rs of our prison here were broken, and we could now free o .rsolvcs from an unen durab'e confinement, which but yesterday morning was us hopelesp to the hem t as Ihe bald sweep of the sea was to the eye. 'Is that you moving, Mr. Slusgraver' exclaimed Miss Grant, from behind her curtain. 'Ye*,' Baid 1 : *'the dawn has broken. Yon hare not slept, I icar r ' ' Sin,'' she unswered. ' 1 have not closed my eyes.' ' Pray endeavour to get a little shep,' I exclaimed. ' Mumbo-Junibo hero can help me in the few prepara tions that remain, And I don't doubt of making myself understood. Even an hour's sleep will be helpful. Don't doubt that 1 shall call you when we are ready to get under way,' 1 added, laughing. She answered mo by whipping back the shawl along the rod, and stepping forth. ' How can you talk of sleepiug now ?' she exclaimed ; 'the instant you are ready, Mr. Muegrave, let us start.' I was glad to hear her say this. There was no fear of her hesitating to sail in tbe little boat into the vast sea that stretched around ; b 1 1 had suspected she would express in her manner that her mind hung in the wind a trifle, and that she would show herself a little scared by a pro.-pect that wa3 far more formidable than it appeared, as ste would know as well as I. The negro wn« snoring as briskly as ever. Heaven knows, this miserable old kitchen was only too familiar to us ; yet it seemed to be made fresh, as though in faith we hud st.uuilled upon another underground room, by the novelty to our eyes^of that black man, re sembling sonic iiDiii'i-nse performing monkey, in his red coat, Jyiug tint on his back, his mouth wide open, his arms exteuded, aud the palms of his hands showing like dirty yellow puper inlaid in his skin to the jetty points of his thumbs and fingers. I stirred him with my foot, but I probed him in this way for some time be fore he opened his eyes. He then sat up with a glare of astonishment, whilBt he erasped his wool, and whipped out in a thick, halt-awake voice with a string of Spanish, sounding like the gurgling of water in a mucked hubble-bubble. However, he speedily grew conscious enough to understand Miss Grant when she informed him that it was lime to get up, and that we wanted h:ni to help us complete our arrangements for promptly leuvin» the island. He io.se slowly on to his cucumber thanks, scratching his head with a dull stare of mystification, as I thought, in his dnt-ky ej es as he rolled them from me to niy companion, and then addressed her. She answered ; he spoke again with growing energy; she nouded, on which, to my astonishment, he clasped his hands and dropped upon his knees, and tell to pouring out a whole juruble of words, the imploring character of which was gatherable from the tone of his voice. ' Why, what is the matter with the poor wretch ?' said I ; ' ? have his wits left him during the night F' ' He is entreating me to beg you not to take him away from the island,' said Miss Grant, viewing him with surprise and pity. 'But does he know,' I cried, ' that if we leave him here ho will be all alone ; not another black even to keep him company ?' She spoke to him again, motioning to him at the same time to rise from bis knees. Her question pro duced a very long answer. His looks and inflections of speech pronounced him desperately in earnest. I could not follow a bv liable; time was pressing, moreover, for I desired, when afloat, all thu daylight! could get, and 1 was growing a little impatient, when Miss Grant turning to me said, 'He desires to stop here. Indeed, 1 believe, could yon even carry him to the boat by main foice, he would jump overboatd and swim back to the island on your letting go of him. He says it would be like being a king in his own country to 'live in these fine rooms, and have the island all to himself .' ' Humanity forbids it,' said I, amazed. ' But what is to be done V' she exclaimed ; and I in stantly echoed the question mentally, when 1 glanced at bis robust figure, with some stupid thought of.com puision in my mind, and thra reflected that he might detain us here for hours whilst we endeavoured to per suade him, without perhaps altering his resolution, after a most wearisome course of exhortations and re presentations, ull of which would have to bo translated if be was to understand them. I noticed him ogling the old muskets and cutlastes upon the wa:l, with a negro's affection for such toys kindling in his eye. No good could come of bothering ourselves over the matter, so I formed my resolution. ' If he won't come, why then of course he uraet stop.' ' He will not come,' she exclaimed ; ' he is a run away slave, remember, fresh too from leing cruelly treated even when dealt with as a freeman. He means to stop here, indeed.' ' Then please tell him, Miss Grant, he may. do as he pleases ; but I should; have been glad to have die use of those brawny arms. He can't starve, I believe, and maybe whpn he wishes to leave he'll know how to go to work. We have no powder, but he is welcome to those muskets yonder,' nodding towards them— I caught hni wntchng me -Mgeriy as I did so—*1 and ha mty as veil take p^ssei-sion of all the .traps we must Ie-ve beh ud; t-o there'll be clotaes enough for him,' .-aid I wiiii a look at his stuuikB, 'not to men tion mme pretiy drei-ses when he has worn my coata out.' ' On this Leing interprrtpd to the poor fe'low, he ' burst into a hundred exclamation* of joy, was to con vulsed wi'h delight, ind -ed, that I expected to see him plump Ouwu uii»n u;s nose and roll-lipon the floor in his -Chtasy. He clapped bis hands, made as if to embrace me, re.-oiled a step wirh a frantic ekip, leapt, with such agility that he ttruuk bis head aswiust the ceiling wiih force cnoug/i to have stretched himuiotion le:S iiad his cianiom been a white man's. ' - . ?' Pretty g -od all this,' 1 exclaimed, laughing in spite of myself, *' 'or a man who was last night a ghost, and yesterday morning a enrpsp.' - ' ' _. ? 1 had nearlv completed all oecrasary preparations on the preceding day. The halliards, formed of a length of coir rope, the strands unlaid, halved, and laid up again into a smaller line, were ruve; the sail of coloured shawls was bent to the yard. There remained but little more to do than to fill a few outstanding bottles with water, stow awav the crawfish and the like. The boat wasja roomy tittle craft; y-t though there were but twbof as, we fonnd there would be Bpace for no: more' than a 'small bundle - of necessary articles chosen from the luggage we must ... perforce leave behind us. 1 asked Miss Grant to make n collection of such things as she might deem needful, taking care that at the utmost the parcel Bhonld be but I a small one; and then putting the negro to the job of ? filling the remaining bottles with water from the brook, I slipped round past the creek for my morning plunge, from which I returned as much refreshed as though I had slept soundly all night. My nest act was to climb the hummock, and take a bt-t view of the tea from a spot whence I had furveyed it gain an-1 again, with many contend ing emotions of iuirt;iy, hope, and despair. There whs nothing a sijiht ; a light air was fanning out of the north and west, with weight enough in it to put a blinding twinkling into the water where it Was «un touche-i ; tbe beavtns spread in a t-olt light blue, with out tne phantasm of a cloud anywhere visible. Sheltered by my wide, sombrero-like h»t from Ihe bite of the i-un that, low as he jet hung ov r the sea, stung tbe nuked flesh like nettles, 1 lingered a little, after bringing my eyes away from the silken brimming of the blue --c*an to the a/.ure distance where it blended with the heavens, to rest tbem fur a few minutes upon the island. The harsh squawk of the macaw, or some such fowl, came like the edge of a saw out of the heavy greenery of the forest ; to every pause in the fitful blowing of tho morning breeze a hundred sounds of bird and reptile life on the island whistlings, cr- akings. rook like cawmgs, the jabber of green and golden that.es, with short notes as of bells accompanying, chimes fashion, the clear, melodious pipings of the very few birds who really could sing on that island— came steal ing in a growing volume upon the ear, then softening again to some hot, soft gush of the wind that floated the strains of the concert backwards to the trees.- The tali guinea- grass stirred to the creeping of invisible things ; the draught of air breezing upon the weather side of the forest set the branches dancing, and the verdure seemed to flash again to the lift of the foliape, as the silver under- lining of innumerable leaves shone out with the stirring of the air. Maybe I did not loiter above a couple of minutes, but thought has lightning rapidity, and 1 lived again throughout the three weeks * we had' 8|,ent on this beautiful isiand in the few seconds during which I stood contemplating the sunny scene. The setting of us ashore by the cold-blooded rascals of the Iron Crown, the crushing weight of hopelessness upon us as we sat together yonder, where the white sand wound in ivory to the creek, with our luggage heaped about us, no shelter for our heads, no prospect of deliverance ; ' then the hollow and startling notes of the midnight bell, my strange discovery of the sand-covered hatch, our life in the darksome* chambers underground there, the fright occasioned by the monkey, and now that boat snug in tho creek yonder ! — memory affected me like a succession of wild dreams. The mighty surface of the sea stared blindly at the sky, and for the life of me 1 could not repress a shudder as 1 glanced at the boat, and thought of the tiny speck .it would presently be making upon that huge, broiling, merciless ex panse. I broke from my thoughts, and quitted the hum mock with an odd and most bothersome fancy in me— to perversely does tho imagination steer the mind— ol what my cous'n Alexander would say and think, supposing we i-hould live to tel him the story, of the intimate association forced upon Mies Grant and u-y-elf by the perils of the ocean, of our living as though we were a couple of Indians underground, of our being thrown together for another spell of yet deeper intimacy in an open boat— pshaw ! thought I, 'tis high time we got away. But first it was our business to make as good a meal as we had appetite lor. The negro ate like a cormorant, aud since his resolution was formed 1 hoped for his sake that there would happen no dearth of turtle whilst he chose to remain all alone by himself here. It made one think of Juan Fernandez and tbe solitary Motquito Indian to look ut him. 1 asked Miss Grant to again endeavour to persuade him to accompany uh, thinking that the fellow might row have changed his mind. But the moment he gathered her meaning his face filled with a'arm; he etared at me so appealingly that it was impossible to watch him unmoved, and 1 think he would have gone down on his .knees auain but for something which MiBS Grant said that reassured him. 'It cannot be helped,' said I ; 'he is not a little boy ; I cannot carr- him to the boat. He may be even more lucky than we — 1 mean that a vessel may heave- to off here even before he is tired of the place. Have you collected what you want, Miss Grant 'i ' . ' Yhs,' ehe exclaimed, rising, and going to the inner room she brought out a little bundle. ' 1 have shown great self-denial, don't you think?' she exclaimed, laughing, as she held it up. ? ' I did not ark what it contained, though I after wards came to learn that it consisted mainly of a few parcels of letters and bits of jewellery, and the like, prized entirely for the giver's sake. '' It seems hard,' Bhe added, with a wistful look at her trunks that showed through the opening, ' to leave all my pretty pur chases behind. How patient you were, Mr. Musgrave. when you accompanied me on the shopping trips i What a number ot things 1 could have done without, if thiB experience had betn foreseen ! ' ' better.' said 1, ' that this honest negro should possess them than .that they should have foundered with, the Iron Crown ; for the bottom of the tea was bound to be iheir destination had they remained aboard. Now, if jou take my advice, you Mill put on your broadest-brimmed hat, and our stock of umbrellas must go with us, lest a breeze of wind should carry one or more overboard.' 1 beckoned to the negro, and Mus Grant made him understand that he was to carry certain articles to the boat, and then entering her room 1 took down her ham mock, which was a thing that stowed very compactly, and might be of use to her were we driven ashore upon such another island as this. 1 also gave the negro a good warm cloak to carry, a well-lined garment, that would serve as an excellent wrap for Miss Grant at night. But, though we took these things, there was little more we conveyed to the boat— my monkey jacket, I remember, her and my pistols with powder and ball, a few remaining bundles of cigars, all the umbrellas we possessed, some rugs, and a few other items which I need not tax my memory to recall. All being ready we slowly left the underground rooms which had sheltered us for three weeks, both of us sending lingering glances around as we quitted the dreary, dreamlike haunt, and accompanied by the negro walked to the boat. She was lying, half the length of her dry, upon the sand. The negro placed the parcels he carried in the bottom of her, then came to me, and, letting go the line which held her, we put our shoulders to the bows, and drove the craft afloat. I jumped in as she elided into the brilliantly clear; calm surface, and, throwing one of . tne paddles over, got her Lead round, then sheered her alongside the bank of the creek, extending my arm to Mitw Grant, who sprang » board. My next business ' «hh to coil the line away in the bow, then to thoroughly overhaul our little ship to see that her freight — mure precious to us, mere crawfish, turtle, boxes of fresh water as it wa-, than die rir.best treasure th«t ever put to sea in the hold of a register ship—was properly trimmed, and that nothing the island could supply us with was wanting. Mirs Grant sat in the stern sbf-ets, t-hc-ltered by an umbrella. The radiance of the early, sunsbine came streaming down fr^ni the far \- eastern staiine hot as molten til ver into the --rtek, and the glare of it, rising off the surface to the face, which it stung as though ihe lustre was formed of darning, needles, furnished a mighty uncomfortable hint of the \- sort of roasting that awaited ;ub outside when the luminary should rise to the middle of the eky- 1 threw the paddles over and rowed slowly down the creeW. There was no draught of air to be felt here, though the water outside was wrinkling to the fiery breathing, that came softly out of the north-west. The negro walked along the bank to the edge of the spit, where, drawing his figure erect, he held his right arm high, and so stood watching us - motion less, like a black statue whoEe noblypropor tioned trunk and arms some fool had tmeared v with red- paint. 1 noticed my companion gaze wistfully hud wards as we drew out. You saw in the ..expression of her eyes io w busy her. memory was, - with,. a change in their soft, brilliant depths into a look of mingled wonder and uncertainty rather than of dismay, as they went seawards from the bright vegetation, the arid hummocks, and the tracks of white sand, whiten ing out from the denee undergrowth to the long space of dazzling . coral platform on which the blue breaker was melting. There was scarce an experience of mite on yonder island that did not recur to me as a passage in a dream might, so vague did the memory of it off-r to my imagination through the sheer ctrangenes* of the whole adventure. But nothing approached tbe dreaminess which the reality of this our -departure took. It was »ot only the feeling that we were leaving the place foi goodj a prison' from which we bad again and again feared we should never have power to deliver ourselves ;— no ! the realisation of escape, when the hope of escape has long lain dead, will always affect the mind at tbe first start as souk thing visionary, something that one dur*t not believe. But it was not that only. It was the manner alto of our going. It might have speraed to a strange eye, ignorant of the truth, as though this young jrirl und 1 were some young bride and bridegroom, with a little summer ocean home hiddt-n away among the cool trees up there, and that we were starting upon a pleasure cruise, in tending, maybe, a .survey of our tiny principality, to which we should be returning anon. This was my fancy a* we glided down the creek, and it was tfii- that made the thing as unreal as a- dream to me. It was . fitter for a summer Thames scene then, an illustration of human distress at sea. Who would have imagined, watching me in shirt and trousers and ehoep, barc armed, slowly plying the flashing paddies— who would have conceived, observing the quiet fisure of the girl seated nft draped m white, carefully sheltering her face, the shadow of her w ide hat enriching her warm beauty with the softness of the tint it made, though there was sparkle enough in the water alongside to touch hir hair with a delicate light of gold — that we were quitting the island in search of succour, that we had launched our selves on a boat voyage which might prove darker 'with peril to us than the blackest hour we had yet passed since we boarded the iron Crown in the Downs ; that instead of a sultry morning jaunt alongshore u-e were going to lose ourselves in the heart of the mighty ocean yonder, with no further hope in the result than we could get from confidence in the Divine guidance ': Once clear of the creek I hoisted our sail of shawls, flattening in the sheet and putting the helm down to test the little craft's capacity of looking up to it. The colours of the shawls were red, white, and blue, and at a distance the boat sliding out of the -?r-ek might have passed for a huge aquatic parrot, outward bound on some predatory excursion, The negro, with his figure standing boldly out at the extremity of the tongue of Band, now held* up both arms, slowly moving his hands at the wrists. It looked as if he was blessing us, but I suppose it was his country's way of saying good-bye. Miss Grant waved her hand to him, and 1 bade h in farewell with a flourish of my hat, whereupon he turned on a sudden and ran with incnflible swiftness to the underground rooms, down whose hatchway he chot with the rapidity of a skipjack plunging from its leap out of water, and so vanished, ' He hits gone to clothe himself,' said Miss Grant. ' Wonderful how he could have held out so long.' said I: 'the desire to squeeze himself into my patent leather boots and frock coat, not to mention my green satin stock and several coloured^hirts which he will come across, must have risen into madness whilst he siood holding up his arms. One guesses that by the rush he made when nature gave in. And now, Miss Grant, jb this little ctaft going to serve us?' There was, as I have said, a draught of air fiery hot as the waitings of the atmosphere or a furnace blowing out of the north-west, with just weight enough to keep the water twinkling, and to thread it here and there with long, silken, dark blue shadows with the heavier scoring of its sparkling pressure. I hauled the fcheet of the sail as flat as it would come, but could not get the boat's head round to within six point* of this air; and even at that, when she had £0t way enough upon her to set the water Blobbering and tinkling a bit along her clinker-built sides, I noticed a leewardly trend that sent her fathom or two of wake, oil-smooth with a few holes of eddies in it, veering away upon the weather quarter. I had no compass, and when we lost sight of land there would be nothing but the sun or stars to etoer by ; meanwhile, however, 1 made up my mind to head away north, keeping the boat as close as she would He, and then, supposing the breeze to bold, when we had put the island a mile or two astern, to go about on tho starboard tack and blow away as best we could, south and west, partly with the hope of rising the land in the west before Bundown, and partly -with the expectation of thrusting into the fair way south ; for it was nearly always in the south quarter that the sails we had sighted from the hum mock hove into view, with one or two in those three weeks gliding blue and ghostly in the far east, but none tbat ever we saw north or west. ' Our sail should make a brilliant signal,' exclaimed Mirs Grant, ' if a ship should come within view of it.' 'Yes,' said I, 'that was the thought in me when I hoisted it. Red, white, and blue ; the proper sort of colour for English hearts to beat under. Quat-hee's soul will have yearned for them The red shawl would have made him a fine turban ; indeed it would be finer as a turban than as a sail,' I added, with a glance at the yawns where the shawls had been taped together. Yet the fabric was giving the boat some sort of way, and the island was slowly dwindling. It looked a radiant, gem-like spot now upon tne ocean, that brimmed with a line of silver to the white sand. I eat watching it, the boat steering herself, for which I was mightily thankful, for the little tiller I had shipped grew into a heated bar of iron to the touch, and my bare knuckles felt as if they were flayed after keeping n y hand spread to the sun a few minutes. I could not but hope that I was acting rationally in quitting the island in this little boat, for the. solid land there at least supplied a certainty of refuge, which induced a wild emotion of mi* giving when I glanced away at the huge sea, and thought of the gale that had swept it the other night. Yet we had both of us pined and prayed for such an opportunity of escape as had now come, and there seemed something like the profanity of ingratitude in hesitation, natural and reasonable as misgivingwas at such a time. I was startled from the reverie into which I had plunged by a, sudden exclamation from Miss Grant, who «at near me bending over die side. She pointed down into the water,^hrinkinga littleasshedid so, with an expression of consternation glittering in her glance and dilating tier eyes as ehe looked round at me. 1 peered over and saw immediately, below, scarce 6fV deep, in the clear, blue, glass-like profound, the loner, dark form of a great shovel-nosed shark, with the npjkt barb of its tail rounding out like a scythe, the whole outline absolutely motionless, .without a tremor in its fins that I could witness, though we were sliding along at«cimetwo or three miles in the hour, and the thing held its position as though it were: our shadow. For the life of me, I could not help a sudden recoil. It was - as big and Vgly a monster ?of; the kind'as ever;. 1-had seen, and by simulating, as it were, 'the reflection of ourioat. furnished an appalling mockery in that way to the imagination— to mine, ut least— which instantly went to work to construe the grim and foul adumbration into a foreshadowing of our fate. '?'_?_ But I pulled myself together quickly, and said, _- ??-One cannbtisail the^e waters without sights of this ~1tfna happening. sjBtopl he may be routed out of this.' !.?! ;-ook in *ar 'Sand plunged It harpoon-wise at the brute, *nd sfruck him fair on the; back: Uj& ! the , touch, the feel of it threw me' intoii«old -sweat. It wpu'd have been; otherwise with me had I barbed the beast, but xixe soft slippery contact was like the blow of a baby's fist upon the snout of a tigress. Yet it-started the creature nevertheless. With a sweep of its tail it drove ahead, sending a shoal of bubbles to the surface, with a line of sparkles in the blue beneath, and when we came to look for it again it was not to be'eeen on either side of the boat. I met Miss Grant's eye thought- , fully fixed upon mine. The whole weight of my ' responsibility -came upon mo then^ somehow. I knew that her- trust was in me— that wherever I led eho would follow in full faith in- my judgment. Her life had grown eo -precious to me that the mere fancy of imperilling it by anv resolution I might form, hoping always for the beet, was unendurable. I cent a glance into the hot azure distance, then at tbe island, then met her eyes afresh. ' If you are in the least degree timid— it is not too late. We can be ashore again in an hour,' I ex claimed. ' 1 am not timid,' she replied ; ' the sight of that great fish frightened me. Why should we return 'i Here is our chttnee for escaping ; why should w« neglect it r' ' True ; but often bitter perils and privations attend attempts of this kind,' 1 rejoined. ?* Your iife is dear to me, Miss Grant;' her lips stirred, but J did not cat-:h what the said. ' Is it right,' I continued, ?? that 1 siould subject you to the risks and exposure of fcuch a venture as this 'i I may have acted in to - great a hurry, tcarcely shown prudence in my hot desire to break from tbat jail there. This proposal now occurs to me. Let us return to the inland. The negro will help me in my new plan. Here is a boat in which he or 1 may every day row or sail away into the south ward, which is apparen ly the navigated tract of tbe6e warera. and it will be strange inde.d. if we do not meet with Bnrne vessel befoie long to whkh we can make our condition known.7' 'You would take me with jou on euch excur sions 'r' 'No need. I should leave you on the island until we could obtain help.' She shook her head. ' No,' she exclaimed slowly, with great emphasis ; and then she added, ' Imagine the evening to come on one day, and no sign of your boat. The night passes, and next day, and then weeks pass, and I am ttill alone. Oh, Mr. Musgrave, how can you suggest such a thing? When we were set ashore you said it made jou happy to think that we were together. That was my happiness, too,' f.he con tinued, dropping her eyes an instant, and th. l lifting them again to mine, ' and now you will risk a fepn ra- tion that - that—' She shook her head again almost bitieriy, but smiled a moment after. ' Besides,' she went on, as though she had no patience. to hear me, nor indeed meant to give me a chance to speak, ?? you would not get the negro to accompany you. No threats, no entreaties would prevail upon him, I am sure. He would dread to be reenptured. He has that island all to himself now, and a hole to live in, and is as free as a monkey in any forest in Brazil, and should you attempt to persuade or force him, what might happen F Another mutiny, Mr. Musgrave, more dreadful than the one on board the Iron Crown, with a chance of his taking your life, and ot my being left alone with him ! ' ' Be it so,' I said ; ' we are together, and together we will remain— at least for the present,' 1 added, cooling down my voice suddenly to check the gathering ardency of it. She made no answer. (To be continued.) 