TIlE NEW TREASURE AUNT. (rInos TILE NEW R7?InEW.) Towards the end of this month a li tlo ex pedition will sail from Southamiton on oon one of those golden quests which for a good many years past none but the novelists havo en gaged in. The destination of the expedition is (not to namo it too particularly) a tiny island, lying amidst " the foam of perilous seas," uninhabited save by sea birds and crabs, a thousand miles or so from anywhero. And the object of the expedition is to search for a vast treasure of gold and jewels, which a believed to have been buried on thl island more than seventy years ago. An empriso so romantic, sending us right back into the days when the trade routes of the sea were marked out by the blood which the pirates had spilled on them, seems delightfully out of keeplng with an age in which the Stock Exchango or the ]Bourse is the chief theatre of the treasure hunter's operations. For this is pi'ates' gold that is buried in this desolate ocean isle, and the expedition that is to sail in ia few weeks' times will le a real treasure hunt. There is a history attached to it already, and it is rather Let us begin with the pirates, by whom the treasure was buried. To put one's money bIy and make it breed, which financial people, doing a more or lcss legitimate biusiness in stocks and such things, consider a prudent policy, seems, ons the whole, to have been one of the most imprudent policies when the business was piracy. WVise pirates, when they had taken a goodly prize, ran with it to the nearest safe port, and made themselves unrecognisably drunkon the proceeds. Unlimited rum, and an occa sional stabbing bout, to keep their hands in against the day when business would be resumed, made the pirates as happy as they wished to be; and when they had spent their booty, and recovered from the dclirim, tremsots, they welnt on board again, ran up tihe "Jolly itoger," and waited for another prize. The foolish pirates were those who went and hid their stolen talents in the earth, for.so surely as they did this, the next vess. 1 they chanced upon was sa man-of-war, which aenrried them home to be hanged, a dozen in a row. fDeep sunk in many a desert isle, in many an ocean,, there must be millions of pieces of eight, moidores, and doubloons, and jewels and precious stones galore, which the gentlemen of fortune who hid them there, and who have long since rotted in chains at harbour mouths, were never able to go back for. Hence the treasure hunts of days more enterprising; but somehow the treasurei were not unearthed. The islanl was found, or the spot on the mainland, but the chart was not quite currcct, or not lquite correctly interpreted; or provisions ran short before the booty could be d u" up ; or a storm prevented the boats from Janding; or the crew s imutinied; or the treasure - seekers quarrelled and slew each other-the spoil e;as never taken. The crew who at1(l away the loot that thel, sew expedititon is to search for scent to have been i: all respects Ia typical gang of sea robberas. They ran out from Southaumpton about covent-' yi are ago, in ai btart sehoonter, excellently built for speed. There were Eanglisl.hntn, Italians, (Greeks, and a Turk " hot boys, all on 'emt "--and the skipper weent by the name of Old hlllfire. 'lhecir ostens.ible busio:ess wtas palm toil and ivory, but it does not appear that either of those comrnmoditics was ever take on board. 'Thly lahipaped a batch or two of laves, uald laid the eshooner away across the "Westerln Ocean. F'ver broke out amonagst tihe blacks, the captain dlosed them with laudanum, and tihe crew dropped them overboard. VWhten in liquor Captain Iiellfiro used to take potshots at iris 1aneta with a pisto!, and, na his aim was fairly good, h- succeeded at last in peppering them into a state of high mutiny. Tlhey ro-e tagainst hirtno:o night, and two of the Greeks lheld hiam while one of the English struck him thtrough the back with a steel murlinaspike. lie was bundled into the sea ; thae anto was sent over the side after himn ; the skipper' b murderer was voted captain in his place, land lito "Jolly IRoger" replaced the English colours at tihe mastlaud. Rtunning soutlt. they ctaught ai lortugucse vessel, boa'ded her, drownced the crew, and emptied thelahip of her rich contents. TIhere wasl a Jew dealer amongst the passengers, whose baggage con sisted ahiefly of ,ii aa,,ts,-.t? - ' ritza "ttst toe teen worti tha taakitng. Blut tlhee plrates were foolish. 'l'hey sailed with their treasureu to an uninhabited island known to the captain, anad there they buried it. Their luck, however, was not yet exhausted; they took other vessels, East Indiamnen and omoae smaller game, killing all crows and passengers, and always scarryilng the best of the plunder to their hiding- place on the isle. It was" an apt spot to receive such blood-stained booty; an utterly deso late and wholly forbidding island, unap proaohable, except with the skilfulleat management of bouts ; ai lonely place, shaken and torn by volcanic upheavals, scarcely, yielding shelter and water, and void of food for man. An ideal smuggery, however, for pirates' plunder, and this. out-thro?t crow made a fine treasure island of it, if such there over were. Baut it was a fatuous business, this heaping up of bullion and jewels, for the fates were always dead against such conduct on the part of gentlemen of fortune. Meore knowing hands would have run for the States, realised the swag, got fresh papers, siiled home innocently, divided up, and lived gal lantly on the shares. Thospoilof the Portu guese sloop would have made gentlemen of them all. Somno of the gang thought as much, but the skipper, whose cognomen was Lips, was always for getting a trifle more, and he always had his way. And so it came about that one fair morning they sailed out to tackle an East Indianan, and were tackled themselves. It was not often that the East Indiamenof those 'days showed their teeth when the crossbones overhauled them. In general they were wretchedly armed with a brass swivel (never in working order), and a few cast-iron nino pounders, all hampered up, and scarcely more serviceable than the modern British bayonet. Yet these East Indiameon had their holds stored with indigo and silks, and great con signments of jewels and gold for the dealers in London, Parisi Lisbon, the Papal States, and all other European markets. For once, however, here was an East Indiaman well armed and pluckily manned. She faced the robboers, ran out her guns, and gavo them a brisk good-day ; shot away their rudder, spliatered their masts, and brought the rggilng about their ears. Then she boarded, put the shal;kles on the twenty pirates who had survived the engage mont, which took them off and lowered them into her own hold, whero they had time to prepare their speeches for their last public appearance in sxecution' Doek. Nineteen of the twenty swung together on the Island of Cuba. The twentieth contrived to get his neck clear, and in dlue timte made his way ltome to England. lIe was alive ai few years ago, in the North Country, and may be alive to-day. At any rate, he lived long enough to tell his tale, and to tell it with gusto. Ile was then close upon his ninetieth year, and his chief regret was that he had never got money enough together to sail in a ship of his own to the treasure island where the jewels lay hidden. Ilo lhad made careful working charts of the navigable side of the island, and marked down the position of the treasure, with good cross-bearings. But lhe could never raise sutilcienat money to pro vision so much as a fisahing smack, and worked on in merchant vessels until his strength failed. In this condition hle handed over to a friend his chart, cross-bearings, and drawings ; and the first chapter of th romance closes lhere. History and fiction both seem to show that the chances are always against the treasuro seekors, and success is assuredly far fromt being a certainty in the present instance. Who, for instance, can say positively that tilh treasure has not been already removed ? That is, however, an unlikely assumption, since there is no reason to believe that, after the nineteen pirates were hanged, their secret was known to anyone ex cept the twentieth who survived, and lhe appears to have kept it jealously so long as the ghost of a chlano remained to hltll of turning it to his own account. An assutmp tion more plausible would be, that by the operation of natural forces the treasure has ere this been placed beyond iae reach of man. Tihe ItutmicCstoa.o and scoria oa the monmtain ous volcanic rock slips stetadily, and the drop pings of seventy years (to amention no other possible forces) mtust hlave raised a big and solid trmulus above thie sunlken hulla. Iat this is in all likelihood the chief dantger to be anticipated, as it will furnishl the clhief labour to be undergone; anti with the exact bearings of the deposit in the cortnandacr's possession it should be no impossible task to reachL tihe wreck. 