fiovehst. Tie Midnight Prophecy OR, y: HEIR i OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. . \By Emma Garrison Jones. CHARTER XVI— (Continued.) Ht'f! z ' U . " Because I want to go myself. I must go" and see that child again, and be sure that I am not mistaken. I must go, Judith : so don't waste time in words." "But, my lady, I beg your pardon," ventured Judith ; "what will your guests think ? What will my lord'say, if he finds" it out ?" : . " My guests may say what they like," replied the countess, her eyes blazing. " I shall leave my apologies with Mrs. „ Colonel Chudleigh, and I'll explain to the earl when he returns. I've made up my eind to go, and you need not try to dis- iuademe, no matter how good your motive iaybe." Judith acquiesced with evident reluct- nce, believing, as he did, in her calm and mr-sight wisdom, that the step her lady was about to take was rash and ill-advised aud one which might lead to unpleasant v consequences, to say the least. \- The countess herself did not pause to cqnkideE ; she only saw an opportunity to ' accomplish the supreme desire of her heart, and made haste to embrace it. Since leaving the Tyrol, her impatience and suspense had amounted to torture. . She could never rest, never draw a con tented breath till she went back and aa- . sured herself whether, or not the boy bore the Srathspey birthmark. ;'U' If he did not, and all her dreams and 'V - impulses were delusions, the sooner she \- found out her mistake the better. But , if- he were her child, her own offspring, . . then a great hnd perilous task lay before _ her, for He should be reinstated in his si nghtM. place, and proclaimed heir to the ehridbm of Strathspey. No passion is stronger and more de termined than a mother's love ; and this mother's love for that little outcast nurs eling of the:milch-goat amounted to idola try. In her dreams in her waking hours, ' he was ever present, and a single thought of that little, warm, milky mouth that she . kissed in her first vision, thrilled her with .passionate tenderness. For this child's ; ;';:aake'she was brave, and willing to dare all danger— even death, if need be. > ; - More than once she had thought over ths expediency of revealing the whole v - ihing-to her husband, and entreating him fco aid her in righting the great wrong. 'I But the ;remembrance of bis unbelief in \- regard to her dream always chilled and Repelled her. He would laugh at her for = aVeak, visionaay creature j and she would only unsettle his perfect faith that the boy who" bore his name was in truth his son. ' She had a tender love for her great broad chested husband, and the bare thought of spoiling his happiness, plunging him in . doubt and conjecture, waa more than she \- could bear. . It must not be ! She concluded, an- . wisely enough, perhaps, hut with the r; best of motives, to keep it all from him— : to ahoulder all the sorrow and weary bus- PfPM herself, and . follow the faint clew through the dark and mysterious labyrinth alone and unaMed. " But you surely intend that I shall go ,jth you, my laidy ?" ventured Judith, as rah Assisted the countess to dress for her -I journey. / "I should be glad enough to have you, Judith," she replied ; " but I must leave ' ,791 hers. , There's no one in this house " ihkt I dsn trust save yourself. I dare not teut m y ohildren in the hands of that Dundas woman. I mistrust and dislike v her mora than I did at first, and I marvel that my lord persists in keeping her — and she in remaining. I thing she brought I ; . me ill-luck the first hour I ever looked upon her strange face ; everything has J;one wrong with me since then. A strange ice,' dark and diabolical," she continued r r, "in a dreamy voice j a face one would not be likoly to forget. Judith, do you think ; lama sane woman, or am I really going mad. as they suppose?" . "M> lady!" oried the girl, dropping ; her btuah ; " what do you mean ?" Exactly what I say, Judith. Am I a sane; sensible woman?" . j " Why, yes ; who says you are not ?" Never mind. But the truth is, I think 'suoh strange things that I doubt my own : - faanity at times. Judith, did you ever fy that the awful face that glared upon , me in my ohildbedin the crimson chamber, that night when my babe was stolen, -'" might have been the face of the Dundas woman ?" " Oh, no ; no, my lady !" cried Judith, " Woll, I have Judith, many a time," replied the countess, quietly; "and the fancy is growing very strong of late. If I am not insane , I am very sane, very wise, Judith ; and I have no human soul in the wide world to. trust, no one to help me but you. I must leave you here to watch the Dundas woman, and take care of my children while I am gone." "But, for you to go alone — you, my poor, dear lady !" wailed the girl. 44 I am not a baby, -good soul !" smiled the countess; "and I am more capable than you think. I am strong, and no coward in an emergency, despite my. weakness and babyish face. So.don't fret, my good girl. There— that will do. Ring for Sandford now, to drive me to the station j I shall take the eleven-thirty train. Now send in Mrs. tihudloigh, if she will come;, and you must make all needful excuses yourself. And — let me see 1 No, I can't tell you when to send the carriage for me." Judith obeyed ; and in less .than twenty minutes the countess entered her carriage and was driven rapidly to the station — Mrs. Colonel Chudleigh looking after her from the hall-door with undisguised wonder, and the Dundas woman watching her from an upper window, with an eager glitter in her black eyes. CHAPTER XVI. an unexpected encounter. ; "There is a divinity f that shapes our ends, rough-hew them how we will." says the immortal bard ; and a most malignant and mischief- making divinity it seems to he at times. But we must not stop and bewail over the rough angles and spiutered fragments, but wait with patience till the whole is complete, and then we shall see that every seemingly adverse stroke was needed to perfect and- finish the rounded life. To our human wisdom, it appears just the consummation of ill-luck that Colonel Gilbert Yerney should occupy the same train, indeed the same carriage, with the Countess of Strathspey that morning 1 But the colonel did so unconscious of evil intent, it is true, but the effects of the oc currence were disastrous enough. -« The countesBs was thickly veiled, and although she was the sole lady passenger, it was sometime before he recognised her. He established himself comfortably, read the morning paper, and heartily wished this veiled female in Jericho, in hia ill-humor at being deprived of bis cigar. Not a thrill of interest or curiosity as to who or what she was stirred his heart. The colonel had passed that stage of life when one takes an interest in rail way acquaintances. Long years of soldier- life in India had cooled the fever of lug young blood. He was now an eminently handsome bachelor, of seven-and-thirty years, a trifle cynical, intensely practical, and the betrothed husband of Miss Julia Beresford, heiress to the snug sum of ten thousand a year, in her own right. The colonel was running over to Paris, where chance or fate' had stricken down a fellow-officer and bosom friend with typhoid fever. The despatch reached him that very morning, stating that his friend was dying, and had need of him. Colonel Yerney started down by the first train, never dreaming what a terrible construc tion would be placed upon his most humane journey. On and on they went, the countess still closely veiled and incognito ; the colonel perusing liis paper, and longing for his cigar ; on and on, through all the seem ingly eiidles3 length of England, for the countess was going down to Dover, and across the Channel into France, and from thence into Tyrol, following the route her husband had taken, the only one she knew how to pursue. And wr,h every mile she travelled, her courage failed. In the eagerness and ex citement of starting, the length and fatigue of the journey had not occurred to her. She began to wish she had hearkenedto Judith's sage counsels, or at least consented to take her with her. It was terrible to travel alone and unpro tected. But she thought of the little flaxen-haired boy amid the Alpine peaks, and her heart grew strong again. For his Bake she would endure it all." At the first station the colonel got out and enjoyed his cigar, and returned to his seat in a much better humor. There sat this inevitable lady companion. "Can I be any service to you, madame 1" he inquired, politely ; "get you any re freshments, or anything of the kind ?" The lady gave a quick start, shook her head, and, drawing her veil still closer, muttered an inarticulate denial. The Colonel turned on his heel, determined to leave her to herself. They got off at Dover, in the golden haze of September twilight, just in time to catch the steamer Calais. The flash of the innumerable gas-lights, and the noise and confusion on the wharf, well nigh be wildered Lady Strathspey ; and the full sense of the terrible step she had taken flashed for the first time upon her. What would her husband say ? She grew deadly faint and tottered where she stood. A burly porter, hurrying by, jostled her rudely, and she would have fallen but for the colonel's timely support. "My dear madame, do allow me to assist you," he exclaimed, 'passing his arm about her. For an instant the poor woman reeled, but by a great effort she overcame her weakness, and stood firmly on her feet. "I will accept your assistance, Colonel Verney," she said, as she raised her veil, and disclosed her face, white and faint from fatigue and intense excitement. The colonel came to a dead halt, and stood staring down at her, as if he thought her a ghost. " Lady Strathspey !" he gasped, at last, " in Heaven's name——' "I am going across the Channel, Colonel Yerney," she interrupted, with dignity ; " will you have the goodness to assist me on board the steamer ?" The colonel was a thorough gentleman. He bowed deeply, repressing every vestige of curiosity, and drawingher arm through his conducted her to comfortable quarters aboard the steamer. While he paced the deck, half an hour later, puffing his cigar and puzzling his brain to discover what was the meaning of Lady Strathspey's unusual mode of travelling, the countess came gliding to hiB side. " Colonel Verney," she said laying her hand lightly on his arm, " you are wonder ing, no doubt, what it is that takes me out of England in this run-away fashion ?" ' The Colonel bowed and smiled. "lama little ourions, I confess, Lady Strathspey," he replied. Tile countess stood silent for a moment, looking up at the misty stars overhead, her eyes full of deep and solemn thought. "Colonel Yerney," she continued at last. " you may be sure nothing short of vital interest would take me from my home and husband in this fashion; my mission across the Channel is one of life and death — to my own heart, at least. I am strong enough of will, but weak of body, as we women unfortunately are. I did not intend that you should find me out, but my poor, womanly weakness beJ trayed me. Perhaps it is as well. 1 need a friend. Colonel Verney, I am almost inclined to trust you, to ask you to help me" ; She raised her sad, appealing eyes to his face, and looking down into their starc-y depths, the Indian officer felt his heart thrill with something of the old, passionate admiration, that those same sweet eyes had awakened when he was a gay young guardsman, and -Lady Mar guerite's, lovor. But the colonel, as we have said, wa3 a thorough gentleman, a man of sterling " honor. And looking down upon the woman. he had once loved, helpless and in trouble, he felt that he could be all the truer and more helpful in his friendship, because of that very love. "Lady Strathspey," he answered, quietly, but with something in his voice that at once inspired faith and confidence, "I am at your service, ready to help you in anyway 1 can." If he had been profuse in his assurances, she would have hesitated ; his self-pos-. session and simple candor won her confi dence. She drew him to a seat in a shel tered corner, and there, beneath the silent stars, with a dash of the silver water in hi3 ears, she began at the begin ning and told him all her strange story, wondering at herself as she did so, for an hour before he would have been the last man on earth she would have chosen for her confidant. Yet now impelled by soms impulse stronger than her will, she told him everything. The colonel listened with interest, and profound pity softened his keen, gray eyes. © Old soldier that he was, he could under stand the deep yearning of the mother's love for her own babe. " I am afraid, Lady Strathspey," he said, when she had finished, "that you have been unwise in taking this step. It would have been better to have confided everything to your husband, and suffered him to bear his share of the doubt and anxiety. I am an old bachelor," he con tinued, smiling down upon her with pity ing kindness, " but I don't believe in any concealment between man and wife. Your motive is pure and good, but your conduct is open to misconstruction. However," he added, buttoning his coat and straighten ing his fine figure, after his military habit, " if you are determined to , go on, I am at your service, ready to helb you in any possible way." "I shall go on," replied tne countess, firmly, "I will not turn back." "Very, well, go to your room now and try to rest. From Calais I will telegraph to my sickfriend in Paris, and I'll see you safe into the Tyrol and on your way home. Good-night, Lady Strathspey." "Good-night, Colonel, and may. Heaven- reward you !" He strode away, and the countess went to her state-room with a lightened heart. ; £ CHAPTER XVII. M' if1' m X WHITE LIE. The Earl of Strathspey held his word as sacred as his bond ; nevertheless he told, what, in polite parlance, would be called a white lie, when he avowed his intention of making a run down to Lon- on. And white lies are about a3 dis astrous in their results as black ones, for if the earl i.ad not indulged in this one, he would have spared himself many a day of bitter agony. Since that afternoon, when, as he galloped over the Tyrol, on his return from t.he shepherd's cot, that terrible suspicion flashed across his mind, Lord Strathspey bad not known one hour of rest. He possessed just the temperature to seize upon a silly suspicion, and .magnify it, and brood over it, till it grew into a torturing reality. The sudden fancy that struck him, was that the little flaxeriifiaired' boy, with a face so wondrously like Lady Pearl's, was his wife's child. Strangely enough, it never occurred to this gifted" peer that the boy might be his child, and the one who bore his name, ana was to be his hair, might be an impostor. No such dream ever entered his mind ; he fully believed that his own babe, marked with the scarlet cross, aB some of the male Strathspeys had been before him, had been restored to him ; yet he harbored the foolish sus picion that the little Tyrol lad, whose face haunted him day and night, might be the child of his countess. He, lier husband, 'thus dishonored her by a slanderous sus picion, yet if any living being had dared to utter such a thing in his hearing lie would have struck him dead at his feet. . Once in his mind, the fancy haunted him like a fiend. How else could he ac count for his wife's visit to the cottage, for her strange conduct, and ahove all her obstinacy in refusing to confide to him the cause of her unrest and depression ? At last the poor man's torture grew to be unbearable, and ho determined to go back to the Tyrol and solve the mystery. He would find some way, either through fear or bribery, to force the secret from the glib-tongued old woman ; and he would see the child again, and judge by its age and appearance whether his terrible suspicions, were true or false. Accordingly, he made his arrangements, and uttered his white lie about his run down to London. But instead of going to the metropolis, he went straight to Dover Harbor, and cross d the Channel by the first steamer, little dreaming that the very next one would bring his wife over. From Calais-he started direct for the valley of the Rhetian Alps ; but mid way, at a little wayside inn, lie fell ill. His constitution was like iron, but it sank beneath the incessant mental torture he had endured within the last few weeks ; and for two nights be lay prostrate, scorched with fever. In his delirious, midnight dreams, he began to think of death, death far from home, and wife, and children ; death, with this hideous sus picion in his soul. His wife's face, sweet, and pure, and reproachful, iose up before I him, and he awoke to the bitter wrong he j was doing her, and determined to return \ to England, and forever give over his ab-> surd illusion. But the moment the fever abated he tottered, to his feet, and all bis old, tortur- ing fears returned with double force. He could not go back ; he must know tha truth, or he should go mad; So, in opposiiion to the . entreaties of the surgeon who attended him, he started off, white as a ghost, .and .only able to keep on his feet. . The September sun hung low in the purple sky, and all the grancLeld Switzer peaks glittered with his departing glory, 011 the afternoon iwhen Lady Strathspey reached the Tyrol valley. Colonel Ver ney had sent a dispatch from Calais to Paris, and learning that liis friend was something better, he accompanied her. At a small public-house, at no great distance from the shepherd's cottage, I16 hired a carriage and drove across the smiling green valley. Divining with the intuitive instinct of a gentleman, . that the poor mother would sooner seek- her chi'd alone, he put her but at the edge of the little coppice, and avowed his de termination to remain there with the carriage until she should re.turn. Lady Strathspey walked briskly over the short space that intervened between the coppice and the cottage, her heart throbbing so wildly as almost to stop her breath. In a few moments Bhe would know the truth, and ascertain whether there was any proof of which her child might be reclaimed and reinstated. The sun dipped low above the western seas, the Alpine summits gleamed and glittered in. their eternal whiteness ; a mingled melody of tinkling bells and low- j ihg herds floated on the balmy evening air, but unmindful of all, unconscious even of her glorious surroundings, the countess hurried on; Half way across the slope of meadow- land, a peal of childish laughter startled her, and just before her, clustered upon the velvet sward, beneath a giant oak, she beheld, a young kid, all garlanded with wild- Wood blossoms, an immense Alpine sheep-dog, and a little boy in a scarlet-smock and plumed cap. The little fellow was sitting astride the dog's back, dipping his curly head, and shouting with childish glee, while the great, grim animal; lay, with hia nose resting on his paws in the afternoon sunshine, as if he enjoyed, the sport. Lady Strathspey stood still a moment, gazing on the lovely pastoral picture, the tears streaming over her wan cheeks. At last she drew near. The dog raised his pointed ears, and uttered a hoarse growl. The countess paused in terror, but the boy's quick eyes had spied her. " Down, Tiger," he cried, planting his brown, chubby foot on the animal's head, and the dog obeyed. " Come on," he continued ; " him won't bite 00, him only bites de bad foxes." Lady Strathspey approached, and held out her hatid. "Have you forgotten me, Rommie?" she asked. "No, ineed, I knows 00 — 00 corned with other lady, long, long ago. Dat's my kid, Molly's kid ; granmudder says it's my brudder— ain't it nice ?" he replied, giving her one little hand, and pointing the other toward the kid, which was cropping the green grass-blades a yard or two away. She tried to answer, but her voice failed; the little prattling voice thrilled her to the heart's core. "Oh, my' darling, my darling l" she sobbed, catching the child in her arms, and covering his face, and hair with pas sionate kisses. He struggled from her arms, looking up with wide, wondering eyes. " What do make 00 always ky ?" he questioned, a trifle impatiently; " Ronimie don't like folks to ky." " Don't you, darling ?" said the countess, restraining her tears ; " then I'll not cry any more, for I want you to like me. Don't you like me, Rommie?" " Oh, yes, Rommie likes 00, an'.he, likes, granmudder, an' granpap, an' Molly, lota end lots." " Who is Molly ?" " Molly's my goat — my mammy goat — don't 00 want 'o see her ?'' " Not now ; I'll see her by and by ; sit here by me, and lec us talk a little bit. Where's grandmother ?" " Tooking supper. We's doing to have tu3tard pie — 00 want some ?" Lady Stratiispey nodded, aiid took his little round right arm in her hands, with a beating heart", almost fearing to look for the birth-mark, yet feeling sure it was there. "Won't you let. me see your pretty arm ?" she asked. " Yes, indeed ! Does 00 want to see my pretty koss, too ? — look a there- now !" he cried, pushing up the loose sleeve of liis smock. There it was ! The -Strathspey birth mark, the scarlet cross, deep and vivid beneath the white, transparent skin ! For an instant the sunlight peaks, and all the green valley, swam before the poor mother's eyes, but by a mighty effort she controlled herself. " Little Rommie," she said, solemnly clasping the boy close to her heart, "you are my own cliild, and. as sure as I live, and Heaven helps.: me, ;you shall be your father's heir. CHAPTER XVIII. in which the earl is satisfied. . On this self-same afternoon Lord ! Strathspey being unable to procure even ! so much as a saddle-horse, walked across the country to the shepherd's cottage. ) He was very weak, and his had pained | him very badly, but the fierce unrest at his heart was worse by far than any bodily suffering. He was determined to. find out the truth. He would never go back with out it. Yet in the very height of his jealous determination he felt angered at his own folly in suffering such a ground less suspicion to take possession of him. He reached the coppice, and turning j sharply round its corner, came all of a. sudden upon a carriage, and Colonel Gilbert V erney strolling up and down in front of it. The two men recognised each other on the instant, and after one short breath of surprise raised their hats in mutual salutation. The earl strode on, and Colonel Verney took out his cigar and looked after him, growing a shade paler beneath his Indian bronze in his pity for the poor countess, who, he felt sure," was being pursued by her irate husband. "What the deuce brings him here, I wonder ?" muttered Lord Strathspey, as he hurried on. 1 Midway the meadow the group beneath the oak attracted his attention. Some- » thing in the graceful outlines of the | woman's figure struck a chill of deadly j fear tbrough his heart. He paused, V rv« Irresolute for the moment whether to go or not. The -picture before him was one of wondrous beauty ; the great, far-spread ing tree, the emerald turf, the graceful figure of the kneeling woman, and the little Alpine foundling, in his scarlet smock and jaunty cap, standing between his two companions, the grim sheep-dog and the young kid. Even in his sus pense and'dumb) incomprehensible dread of, he knew not what, Lord Strathspey felt a thrill of admiration ; and in after years— ah, years of bitter sorrow, too — he hud but to close -his eyes and the lovely pastoral scene arose before him, framed as it was by the blue peaks .of the Alps. H9 stood like one in a dream, watching the woman's passionate gestures. He saw her clasp the boy to her breast and kiss and caress him ; he even caught a faint echo of her unrestrained sobs. Presently she rose to her feet and turned her face toward him ; add the Earl of Strathspey whitened to the very hue of death, for it j was the face of his own wife. For one brief moment he was lost in utter bewilderment, unable to believe what lie saw with his own . eyes, And then a sudden thought burst upon him. He remembered the waiting carriage, and waiting colonel, round the corner of the coppice. " Oh, Heaven !" he groaned, " it is she, It is all true. And he her companion, Her old lover. Curse him ! he shall die for it 1" The words seemed to hiss through his set teeth, his face was ghastly to look upon, his eyes gleamed with a rage that bordered on madness. Turning on bis heel he strode back toward the coppice, and the countess, in her excitement over the child, had no dream of his presence. Colonel Gilbert Verney was pucing up and down before his carriage, evidently ill at ease, yet puffing at his cigar in an eminently stoical manner, when the earl burst like an enranged wild beast upon him. ' " You unprincipled coward !" he cried, catching the officer by the collar, " did you bring my wife here or not ? Answer me!" The colonel was a cool, brave man, one who rarely ever lost command of his temper. He caught the earl's hand in a grasp that seemed- like steel, and removed it quietly from his cpllar. : "Now, my lord," he sad, calmly, "have the goodness to reserve your epithets and restrain your temper, , and we may be able to oome to an understand- ing." ; _ ' ' Did you bring my wife to this place/" thundered Lord Strathspey. " I took charge of her from Dover, at which place I found her' ill and unpro tected," answered the colonel ; " and," he continued, in a conciliating tone, " for her sake I entreat you to lie calm, and listen to what I have to say. " You took charge of her from Dover, did you ?" cried the irate peer. " What business have you taking charge of my wife, you unprincipled villain 1 What is she here for ? Answer me, or it shall cost you your life." The colonebsmiled quietly, but his grey eyes were beginning to blaze. He was not the man to brook abuse or insult. " You must ask your countess what brings her here," he replied. " It is no affair of mine ; yet for her sake, and the respect I bear her, I'll add that her ob ject and her motive are alike pure and good." " You lie!" stormed the earl, absolutely foaming with rage. "No good wife would indulge in such an escapade as this. You are a liar and a coward, Gilbert Verney, and I tell you so to your teeth. " Take care, my lord," said the colonel, with an ominous flash in his steel- like eyes. " Take care of what 1 Do you think I fear you, you sneaking coward ?" \- "Lord Strathspey, you shall answer for your words," returned the colonel, in his calm tones. "Not even for -your wife's sake will I bear with such insults as this." , "My wife's sake!" gasped Lord Strathspey. " Oh, you sneaking hound ! you shall pay dearly for this. Name the hour and place, and I'll put a bullet through your cowardly heart. You a j soldier. Pah ! I'll have you drummed out of your regimentl" A slow crimson was rising in the Indian officer's bronzed cheeks, and his eyes shone like fire. "Very well, my lord," he replied, " when we meet again all this shall be s.ttled.'' 9 41 So is shall," retorted the almost in sane husband, as. he strode away. " I'll settle it fast enough, by blowing your brains out. I'd do it now, if I only had a weapon, Go yonder, and fetch away your base companion," he continued, pointing ever hi3 shoulder toward the oak beneath which his unconscious wife still sat. "She is ho wife of mine. From this hour I renounce her forever. You may take her, and welcome, but it shall oust you your heart's blood." 44 Lord Strathspey," uttered the colon el, making a step .forward, his face expressing j the anxiety lie' felt, not for himself, but for tlie woman upon whom these conse quences would fall so heavily, 44 you are laboring under a great mistake — But the earl motioned him back, with a savage gesture, and disappeared round ;the coppice, reeling at every step ; and before he had gone half a mile, he 1'eJP, as if a bullet had struck him, face down ward on the greensward : of the Tyrol valley. (to be continued.) Prof. Heilprin has written a book en titled " The ideographical Distribution of i Animals. A man recently bought. a copy in I order to learn why, when the distribution took place, 99 per cent of all the cats and dogs in the universe was awarded to the town in which he resides. It seems strange, j but.it is a broad-guage iact, that there is not a city or "town in the country that didn't get 99 per cent of the cats and dogs when the distribution of animals was made. A prepon derance of horses and cows would have been preferable. 4i Please, sir," said a dilapidated speci men of humanity, " won't you give me twenty-five cents to get something to eat ? I haven't tasted a morsel of food for two whole days.": ' You look healthy and strong," said the person addressed ; " can't you get work?" "I have worki 1 am an authori" " ;,v ny, then do you solicit alms ?" 14 1 am writing a series ot articles on. 'How jj to Get Mich,' not 1 won't get paid for'theia \ until the last one is printed. jj Better die a beggar than live a beg- \ ear. ; ;_ . I 