MISCELLANEOUS. Proper ' April showers' so far. The best record, so far bb we are aware. A horse stepped on an electric-light wire in New York, and was instantly killed. There is a one-million banknote kept at the Bank of England to gratify the curious. Traffic has been resumed on the Blyth railway. His Excellency the Earl of Kintore is ex pected to reach Adelaide next Thursday. The Brisbane ' type stickers' are on strike. Wild ducks are estimated to fly 90 miles an hour. The Burra Mine is not to be sold to English capitalists after all. The origin of the Crystal Brook fire is unknown. The Burra cricketers recently beat a com bined team from Spalding and Belalie by 134 runs. The Broken Hill Proprietary Company has given a donation of £500 to the local hospital. It is estimated that the damage done to bridges near Kapundi by the late floods is £15,000. The Forth Bridge, near Edinburgh, upon which £2,588,328 has been expended, is to be completed in October. Ex-Queen Isabella of Spain, who lives in France, has become devoted to the American game of poker. The New Alma Mine, Waukaringa, lias obtained 542 oz. of gold for the month's atnrXc. There is a simmer of discontent amongst the Broken Hill miners in reference to Sunday work. W. Arnold and H. Terry have lost their lives through falling from a lift in a tobacco factory in New South Wales. A petition is being signed at Port Augusta for the commutation of the sen tence of H. Richardson. The rain has been general in the North. Tbe Broughton at Redhill overflowed its banks, and some homesteads were flooded. Valuable property was destroyed. A Nebraska man has built the ' largest corn crib on earth.' It is 400 feet long, 13 feet wide, and 12 feet high, and holds 25,000 bushels of maize. H. J. Mouritz, secretary of the Melbourne Hydraulic Power Company, has been arrested on a charge of embezzling nearly £2,000 of the company's money. A meeting has been held at Hamley Bridge to ask the Government to re-erect the large bridge near there which waa recently -washed away by the floods. The production of sugar in the cane growing countries of the world rose from 1,791,184 tons in 1882 to 2,702,850 tons in 1888. Mr. W. H. Patton has been appointed manager of the British Broken Hill Mine instead of Mr. Eyre, who has resigned. Mr. Patton ie, of course, still manager of the Proprietary as well as the British. The Eingscote Fish Preserving Company has not proved a paying affair, and steps are to be taken to put the company into liquida tion. Mr. Shand (the manager) will work the concern. An old writer says that hares are fond of the sound of a drum. If this is true, sportsmen should take the hint — and a drum, or a Salvation Army band, when - they are hare hunting. Delphi, in Greece, the site of the famous - oracle, has been offered to the United States for $30,000 for the purpose of exptontkm. -v Professor Norton, of Harvard, is toying to raise the money in New York. Last week's smelting at the Broken Hill Proprietary Mine produced, from 2,868 tons of ore, 445 tons of bullion, containing 116,244 oz. of silver. Average— Silver, 40 oz.; lead, 15| percent. The smelting returns from Block 14 Mine for the week were 147 tons of bullion, con taining 16,449 oz. of silver, from 626 tons of ore. Average — Silver, 26J ox. ; lead, 23| per C6nt Jane Turner, 17 years old, daughter of a Whitechapel publican, committed suicide in extraordinary circumstances. A drunkard is the bar called her some filthy same, and she immediately took rat poison. Thus an American contemporary: — 'It ?s a popular saying that rich men's sons don't amount to much. Of 600 rich men in New York who have eons there are not 20 who are not hard at work building themselves up.' There has been a fashion revelation in one of the French courts. A witness de clared that a 'perfectly- gloved woman never puts on a pair of gloves a second time.' With 20-button Suede gloves at 18s tbe pair, what does the lady's annual glove bill sum up to ? The Applegarth Estate, Dumfriesshire, belonging to Sir Alexander Jardine, Bart., in whose family it had been for over 600 years, was recently sold for £146,051, The estate is nearly 6,000 acres in extent, and the rental over £6,000. A few years ago the estate was valued at over £200,000. A strange accident has befallen a young lady, the niece of the Mayor of Chevreux. She was playing with a little child on her lap when she suddenly threw back her head and remained motionless. A hairpin had penetrated her skull. She never recovered consciousness, and expired a short time afterwards. Mr. Barney Barnato is the 'diamond king' of South Africa. Sixteen years ago he was a penniless boy of 19. Three years later he bad £3,000. Then he bought four claims at Kimberley which paid him net £1,800 a week for four years ; and then he sold them for £120,000. On Tuesday afternoon laet (says the Wallaroo paper) a number of the residents of Wallaroo witnessed a very pretty sight in the bay in the shape of a large waterspout. It was first noticed at a spot about two miles south-east of Point ililey, travelling in the direction of the latter. It seemed to be connected between the sea and the tail of a large cloud. It is reported in Dublin that Major Le Caron intends to sell out his business in the United States, and reside with his family in England. He has, it is stated, been warned that his life would be in peril if he returned to America. He has three flourish ing chemist's tbopsin Chicago, Philadelphia, and Boston, betides house property and money. The Yongala correspondent of the Peters* burg journal writes: — 'The South Aus tralians who are fattening upon the imme diate effects of money borrowed by our Government are simply frantic because Mr. E. W. Hawker, M.P., has informed the British people that we are borrowing too freely. Let them ramp, Mr. Hawker, for you are correct.' A hill of iron is said to have been found in Upper Burmah by a member of the Government Geological Survey. The hill, which is some 2,000 ft. high, covers about a square mile of ground, and appears to be a maes of heniatite-*peroxide of iron-*- one of the most precious iron ores. As coal abounds in the province this is a valuable find, increasing the mineral resources of | Barman. I An extensive business is being done in ; the United States in the manufacture of j paper clothing. The fabric produced is | eertainly very pretty, and is claimed to be, ! on the whole, as durable as the lighter j woollen and cotton goods manufactured for similar purposes. This latter statement may be an exaggeration to a slight extent ; but there is no doubt that the paper made into piano covers, table covers, tidies, &c.;, is very serviceable. The payment of an insurance policy of $5,000 on the life of a teamster, Haggerty, who was eo thoroughly blown away by the explosion of a waggon load of nitro- glycerine which he was driving near Pleasantville, Pa., that not more than a pound of his body was found, ia being disputed by tbe companies interested, on the ground that such utter annihilation was impossible, even with so powerful an explosive. They claim that the ' remains' found are no proof that Haggerty is dead. The Crown Prince of Austria died deeply in debt, although his income wbb £150,000 a year, and all his residences were kept up for him. Nobody can discover what the Grown Prince did with his money, as his expenses of living were very moderate ; but there are rumors of very large sums having been paid in connection with his intrigues, and a lady who is well known in Vienna is said to have received a million florins (about £60,000) for her services in facilita ting one bonne fortune. Professor Tait, of Edinburgh, has just completed some researches into tbe com pressibleness of water. He says he has ob tained sufficient evidence to prove that, by the application of infinite pressure, water would be compressed to abont three quarters of its natural bulk, but no farther. 'If,' says the professor, ' the water of the ocean were to suddenly cease to be com pressible, the result would be that about 4 pel cent, of the habitable land of the globe would be submerged, because the mean depth of the water would be raised - by 116 feet.' W. O. Oldrive, with the aid of his floating shoes, walked on the water in the rapide from 8 point below the dam of the Merri mac River at Lawrence, Massachusetts, on January 26. The current runs at a rapid rate, and the dam is 600 feet long. He was whirled round several times, and struck a rock, but kept on, though the waves dashed over him, and he managed to travel a dis tance of about 800 feet in about eight minutes. The feat was attempted for a wager of £40, which he won. Abont 10,000 people were present. Earthquake shocks were felt in Man chester, and for a distance of SO miles round, at half-past 10 on Sunday night, February 10. A rumbling sound was fol lowed by a shaking of crockery. At Bolton many people left their beds, thinking a colliery explosion had occnrred. Doors were thrown open, electric bells rang, and ornaments were displaced. A man while sitting in front of a fire was thrown across it, burning hu hands and face. At Black burn people, feeling their bede move, rushed into the snow-covered streets. A blind organ grinder, of Paris, who implicitly relied on a boy hired to guide him, was robbed of £37. The guide then left him, and was found soon afterwards in the company of a grocer's apprentice. The young-nscala had spent the organ grinder's money in buying bouquets and bottles of champagne for a 'cafe' concert' singer. They flung flowers at her from the gallery, and hired a cab to take her from her home to the theatre. The grocer's boy was awarded three months' imprisonment ; the 'guide,' who was looked upon as his dupe, was reprimanded but acquitted. ' Oivis,' in the Otago Witness, tells the following little etory about Bishop Selwyn, of Melanesia : — This popular prelate was in the Ringarooma on her recent bad passage from Sydney to Auckland. At the height of the gale the bishop went down in to the engine-room for a quiet smoke, but he couldn't find a match. ' Hi, youngster !' he called out to a ship's boy at the top of the ladder, ' just go and ask the steward for a box of matches.' The young villain executed his commission in these terms, 'There's the Bishop o' Melanesia in the engine-room a cussing and swearing, and saying there isn't a match in the whole ? ship.' It has been reported that the Australian plants in the garden of the Royal Botanic Society, London, have suffered more than any others from the winter fogs which have recently prevailed, so that their acclimati sation has been retarded. This may bo eo (says a writer in a contemporary), but a great deal of exaggeration respecting London fogs passes current. The London climate is sufficiently different from the Australian in other respects than its fogs to account for the backwardness of Australian plants. In the matter of fogs I think that Launceston can challenge London, and there are bays in New Zealand which are not far behind. The eccentricities of genius are unaccount able. The officiating minister at a recent wedding ceremony near Adelaide, regard less of the book of offices, commenced by reciting the first paragraph of the baptismal service, and then discovering himself in the act adroitly switched himself on to the right track, when few -were the wiser and none perhaps much the worse. The same preacher on one occasion after baptising a child was seen to be applying the tips of his fingers to his olfactory organs. On returning to the pulpit he announced, with a wry face and an Ameri can accent, that he believed be bad baptised the child with kerosine, but be didn't eup poaeit would make any difference.— Christian Weekly. A rather singular and perilous adventure with a black snake, some 4 feet in length, happened lately to a young man at Keilam bete (V.). He was lying down in a field fast asleep, when he was awakened by a tickling sensation on his arm. To his horror, he discovered that a snake had crept up the sleeve of his coat, twisting its body round his arm, with the head resting on his shoulder. He did not lose his presence of mind, but quickly grasped the head and tail with his hands, and walked to the home stead. But, on bis arrival, finding no one courageous enough to pull the reptile out, he did so with a quick j irk, throwing the enake a considerable distance away. A much narrower escape from being bitten cannot be imagined ; and only his timely awakening saved him from such a result. The balloon was invented in t je following way. Exercise is antagonism ; at each step force is ueed to lift up our bodieB and pus.1 back the earth. Joseph MontgolSer said, when he saw a company dancing, he mentally inverted h?a view and imagined the earth dancing1 oa the dancer's feet. His great invention of balloons was guessed at by bis witnessing a milS form of antagonism between heat and gravitation. He, being a dutiful husband, was airing the dresses of his wife, who was going to a ball. He ob served the hot air from the fire inflated the light materials, which rose up in a sort of spheroidal form. This gave him the idea of the fire-ballon, which he, being a large paper maker at Annonay, forthwith experi mented on, and hence we got fire-balloons, gas being afterwards substituted for the hot air. A rather amusing episode occurred to one of the candidates for Rodney (Victoria), who hails from Echuca, and who is as clever at Cross-examination as he is at canvassing, which, seeing that he was beaten in the contest, is rather a backhanded compliment. He was to address a meeting at Rochester, but on his arrival at the hotel he found only half a dozen middle-aged ladies and a Press reporter. The ladies were having a social gossip, and the candidate and the news paper man joined them. The candidate's health was drunk several times, and he de clared himself strongly in favor of woman's suffrage. They wished him every success, and when he had taken his leave they formed a committee and mentally vowed to do their utmost to secure his return. How ever, their good resolves did not have the desired effect, as subsequent events have proved. — Leader. Says the Gooktown Cocrier:— About 30 miners, after a boisterous voyage, returned from Sud Est, to which place they had been attracted some time ago by reports of gold. The majority were stricken down with fever, and some are just recovering. A few days afterwards 17 more arrived, men who were inured to the hardships of digging life, but who, like the others, have shaken the dust of Sud Est off their feet for ever. Some of these men had been lying in their tents for weeks or months ; and one old man, who, on landing, ex claimed, ' Thank God ! No more Sud Est for me,' looked as if he would never pro spect again in this world. One man, in answer to questions, said that any one who went to Sud Est was a fool. He himself just made wages. But the hardships he had had to put up with — and they were as nothing to those endured by the fever stricken majority — were such as he hoped never to suffer again. Wonderful results have been obtained in artesian well-boring by Mr. J. F. Hender son, the chief hydraulic engineer of Queens land. One bore bas been carried to a depth of 1,400 feet. It was begun on November 27 last, and finished on February 21. It is tubed all the way down with 10-inch, 8 inch, and 6-inch Stewart's Russian tubing, the, same kind that is UBed in Roumania, Italy, Austria, and Russia, weighing on an average 20 1b. per foot. The weight of the boring plant is about 30 tons. The total cost of the bore, including tubing, is about 45a per -foot. When the pipehead is re duced to two inches, the water is thrown 170 fe°t into the air. When the water is abut off the pressure is 180 Ib. The flow has been tested, the result being 540,000 gallons a day, and it is no doubt the finest well in Australia. The temperature of the water is 106 deg. Connamulla is 600 miles from Brisbane. — Leader. Rumor spoke lately of a remarkable type setting machine said to have been invented by Mark Twain ; and it was suggested that possibly the report was Mb latest joke at the expense of the 'Innocents Abroad.' In a characteristic letter to a contemporary, however, Mark Twain declares that, while it is true that he has spent three years in building euch a machine, he is not the in ventor of it, that honor belonging to J. W. Paige. 'In my letter to my English friend,' said Mark Twain, ' I did speak of it as ' my* machine ; and, of course, that is what misled him. When I own part of a piece of property, I always speak of it as ' mine.' This is merely for grandeur. I ignore the other proprietors. On the same principle I always speak of America bb * my' country. It is a misleading expression. Some think I own it all; others think I invented it. These are errors ; but they do no particular harm, and I allow them to pass.' M. Guerin,.an engineer at Grand Villiere, in the Vosges (France), has discovered a practical meanB to congeal milk fresh from the cow, no that it will keep in that state several weeks and bear transportation with out losing any of its qualities, or becoming unfitted for the various uses of consumption. A syndicate of farmers in the department of the Vosges — 235 miles north-east of Paris — has been formed to work the patent, and eend blocks of congealed milk to the capital. In this state the milk must be microbically pure, as Pasteur has shown that a zero temperature kills disease- giving germs. The opalescence and flavor of the milk present no change. It boils and skims as well 88 that fresh from the best city dairy, and also can be made into cheese. Before using, the whole of a milk block in a can must be dissolved, and the liquid shaken. On our ocean liners the milk is kept frozen, and thawed daily for use. Future exploration of the Tiber's bed is expected to yield marvellous results. It has been found that, contrary to anticipation, the river-bed is really full of antiquities of the most valuable and interesting kind. In a sort of experimental dredging of a very email area under an arch of an old bridge recently, the finds were astonishing. Among them was a striking Bacchus. T!ie poor fellow was discovered standing on his head in the mud, and in that awkward position he had doubtless remained for a thousand years. The Jews have always maintained that the golden candelebra and other trea sures from the Temple at Jerusalem taken by Titus were thrown into the Tiber. Some years ago they asked permission to dredge for these precious objects, but were refused. The strong belief of archaeo logists in the wealth of the river-bed will probably create a sentiment certain in a short time to bring about the exploration from which eo much is expected. An experienced old politician (says the Melbourne Leader) who has retired for some years from active service has his theory bb to the wholesome clearance that has been effected of disorderly elements from Parlia mentary life. ' It is the result,' he says, ' of giving the police the franchise. The vote of the police was given in every case in favor of tbe man with a good character. To it, and to its influence, you may ascribe the defeat of Gaunson, Jonee, Rose, and others. Unfortunately, Brighton is a dis trict where the constabulary force is kept at a minimum. Hence to a large extent may be ascribed the success of Bent. The police have such a holy horror of larrikins that by every means in their power they would en deavor to keep them or their friends out of Psrliament.' If this view is the correct one, let us hope t'lat in the next three years tie police force in Brighton will be in creased, or that Mr. Bent will be converted. The Kzclur editor apologises to his readers for issuing an illegible edition, although how they managed to read an j apology in illegible print we do not' ! pretend to explain : — ' We are com pelled to apologise to our subscribers for the typographical appearance of the present issue. Owing to the snow blockade, a keg of ink which we ordered weeks ago failed to reach us, and rather than miss an issue we compounded a substitute. We don't seem to have hit the right proportions, or else molasses and lamp-black are not the proper substitutes. ' As it will be impos sible for subscribers to make out any of the reading matter, we will Bolace them with the statement that there is little or nothing worth reading. We hadn't much time to give to the paper last week, and it is just as well that we hadn't. It would have been time thrown away.' The following letter, written by the wife of Henry Richardson, who was lately sen tenced to seven years' penal servitude for shooting at Mr. Woodman, at Port Augusta, was read at the meeting of the Port Au gusta Town Council held on Thursday : — ' Whyte-Yarcowie, March 26, 1889. The Mayor, Port Augusta. Sir — Having reneon to believe that my husband, Henry liicbard 8on, has the whole sympathy of Port AuguBta in regard to the late scandal that has occurred between myself and Mr. Woodman, also that there is a memorial about to be circulated for his sentence to be lessened, I would ask you to kindly inter view W. Johnson, of Port Augusta, store keeper, aud Mr. W. Duval on the subject, when they will tell you tbe oppoeite 6ide of question, before you allow your sympathies to go in favor of the memorial, and I trust you will do your utmost to stay wrong that has been recorded against my name. I am, dear eir, yours truly, A. A. Richabdson.' The Oouncil decided to inform Mrs. Richardson that they did not propose to take any action in the matter. — Advertiser. This is a sample of Russian description of the Ozar'e recent railroad smash-up : — ' But our Czar, our Emperor, what a man, and what a golden heart ! All those saved testify how, under a pouring rain, knee-deep in the cold mud, bleeding terribly from both arms and hands, he helped personally to reecue the dying and wounded for over two hours, his colossal strength doing him goodly service on that day. They tell of how he spoke words of consolation to those sufferers still alive, pledging his word of honor to the dying to care for their families as long as they lived. A priest was fetched in a hurry from an adjacent village ; all the survivors clamored loudly, ' A mass, a thanksgiving service for the escape of our father, the Czarl' 'No,' cried the Em peror ; * the masB for the dead ; first of all the prayers for the wounded.' You should have seen the whole august family falling upon their knees in the mud and praying fervently for the dead and for the relief of the wounded, before even giving a thought of thanks for their own escape, and praying for the salvation of Russia, not for their own.' Some time ago a wealthy man died in Brussels leaving his entire fortune to a young woman who was entirely unac quainted with him. The American Art Printer explains that this is how it came to pass : — He was a very eccentric man, and eet out, like Diogenes, in search of an honest man. His tub was an omnibus, and his lantern a small coin. In the omnibus he took his seat every day near the con ductor, and always showed himself very obliging in passing up the money of pas sengers and returning the change, but to the bitter he always managed to add a franc or a half franc. Then he would watch those to whom it came. They would count it carefully, notice the extra coin, and in variably slip it into their pockets. No one thought of the poor conduotor, whose meagre salary of three franca a day could ill support such a loss. But at last a young woman passed hers back with, ' Conductor, you have given me half a franc too much.' Diogenes, delighted, followed her home, made inquiries, and, as the answers were satisfactory, made his will in her favor, though he never gave her warning that her half franc was going to bring her half a million. The Lithgow Mercury says : — For some time there has been observed in the vicinity of Bowenfels a snow-white crow flying about in company with its sable companions. As might be expected, this conspicuous bird has been eagerly pursued by many a covetous eye, even by its own species, which seemed at a loss to comprehend the meaning of this ghost-like intruder being among them. No doubt its presence alarmed many of them, as they boldly attacked and wantonly tried to drive away the unoffend ing bird. The bird itself seemed to under stand that it wa9 always in personal danger, as it wbb ever very wary,Bhy, and cautious ; and attempts had been made to shoot it. Its existence was, however, terminated last week, when a Bowenfele resident was fortunate in bringing the bird down at a very long range. He lost no time in placing the bird in the hands of our accomplished taxidermist and naturalist, Mr. Robert Grant, of Tank street, who has got this rare bird stuffed and mounted in a very artistic and life-like manner. Mr. Grant describes tbe bird as a pure albino female of the com mon Australian crow. It is in size and form much tbe same as the ordinary crow. A very painful case recently occurred in the WeBt End of London. A young and accomplished lady, the daughter of wealthy parents, on returning home from a music lesson the other afternoon found crouching at the door a small, ill-fed, miserable looking dog. Out of charity she coaxed the brute into the house and instructed the servants to bring it food. To such a terrible state had the dog been reduced that the young lady's sensibilities were keenly touched, and she insisted upon feeding the animal herself. The dog, however, per sistently refused to eat, and, on its fair rescuer from misfortune attempting a little pressure, the brute turned savage and seized the young lady by the cheek, inflicting a most unsightly wound. She was found in an unconscious condition on the floor, and on a man-servant attempting to remove the cause of the mischief he waa attacked by the dog and bitten on the hand. The worst, however, has to be told. Sub sequently the dog manifested unmistakable signs of madness, and the greatest fear is entertained that both the young lady and the servant will fall victims to hydrophobia. The lady is an only child. The parish of Skene in Aberdeenshire was at one time much given to illicit dis tillation. A great part of the land being boggy, was favorable for the concealment of ' wee stills' and materials. A gauger named Gillespie, one of the strongest and most efficient officers of his time, was sent to the district for the purpose of root?ng out the smugglers. On one occasion he get in formation from a neighbor that on a certain day a quantity of whisky would be con veyed from the parish to Aberdeen, and that it would go by the highway. Accord ingly, Gillespie was early afoot, and lay concealed sear the four-mile house. But though he continued his weary watch through the whole day, he saw no sign of smugglers or whisky. Disappointed, and suspicious that a trick had been played on him, he was annoyed, end made angry by a visit from his informant, who asked whether be had caught the smugglers. He replied that he had not, though he had watched all day. He was about to accuse the man of having made fun of him, when he said, ' Whether you saw the whisky or not, it went past you. 'Went past mel Hoo could it do that when I tell ye I was there the whole day P' ' Did ye notice a funeral go past ?' ' A funeral ; yes, I saw a funeral.' ' Weel, did ye see what was i' the coffin ?' The Vizagapatam district is infested with man-eating tigers? but the natives, after many attempts, have at last succeeded in destroying the most terrible of them. This animal, for killing which the Government had offered a reward of 200 rupees, had done away with 24 persons since September. His last depredation was committed in a small village in the Podai Taluk. Several villagers, with one Tata Row at their head, followed the track of tbe animal and came across him in the act of devouring a corpse. The beast was driven off, and Tata Row in serted some arsenic in tbe unconsumed por tion of the remains. On the following day it waB found that the tiger had removed the remaining portion of the body, and on the fourth day the animal was traced by the in habitants to a grass field, where he was vomiting and in great pain. But he was not interfered with for two days. On the sixth day the people turned out in strength, when the animal charged them, and was wounded with arrows by two of the ryotB, and subsequently shot by one Jyram Kanara, of Podai. Almost all the inhabi tants of the villages to the number of 600 assisted in the pursuit of the tiger, and the 200 rupees reward will be divided among them. The British ship Stephen D. Horton, 1,266 tons, with a full crew on board, laden with jute and saltpetre, from Calcutta, was about 400 miles off the coast of Pernambuco, in mid-ocean, when the cry of fire was raised. The saltpetre had exploded with an awful report, and in less than two hours after wards the ship was from stem to stern in flames. Throughont the dreadful scene the captain P8 young wife, who was on board, stood by the men at work, and encouraged them to preserve their presence of mind, and when hope was abandoned ehe assisted in lowering the lifeboats without for a moment losing self-command. One boat with nine sailors and Mrs. Lewis was lowered success fully, but had scarcely been launched when a panic ensued among the rest of the crew. The scorching flames were more than they could endure. Driven t3 desperation, eight of them jumped wildly into the sea and swam away from the burning chip. One seaman, named Davies, was overcame by the smoke, and dropped into the flames, being coneumed before the eyes of his comrades, whilst another sailor sank shortly after he took the fatal leap. Two boats, fully laden, then rowed away, watching the destruction of their ship, and headed for Pernambuco. For three days and three nights the two boats, with 10 persons in each, were tossing about the Atlantic, each person having only hBlf a biscuit and a pint of water to live on, when, after suffering intensely from the burning sun, they were picked up by the barque Twilight, from Cardiff, and landed safely at Pernambuco. 