AMONG THE , BOXERS. j \ . . . ? - PETER JACKSON INENGL&ND.; OUR CHAMPION BBS.TB THE EHQLIBH. the Smlth-Wonnop Fight. \- Valentine and Koaty. Midgots in the Ring. I By ' Boxeb-Majob.' Jos Payno ia aniioua to fight littlo A1E. Robinson, tho Australian Tom Thumb, for , £50 osido to a sanguinary finish. Joo haa got aonfident baokera, and so ho onght, Booing he ia neatly twioo the size of hia opponent. By reference to oar Brokon Hill notes it Will be seen that thq JJnnn-Uoddard nght ia set baok a few days tp suit Goddard'a oonvoni onoo. Jaokaon offered Toff Wall j830 to box six nights, three lonnda per night, at tho Royal Aquarium. Wall rotuaod, and Tom Smith, theohampion's brother, offered to aooept the tenne. I don't think his offer was aooopted, as, nnlesB the oables and newspapara are mis read, Lannon, who oamo from Amorioa to spar with Poter, did so Outing tho Aquarium engagement. Bob Babbiga'n challenged Tom Moadowa offering to bi.uk Aloe Roberta for any snm from £100 asido upwards, to fight Meadows anyhow, anywhere, at any woight. I havo not heard the result, bat don't oxpoct Meadows would tako Huberts on. ' A Crank on Fighters, ' in tho Police News, is rather caustio in bis remarks on the Dempsey-La Blanche fight. His first para gtaph exactly bears cntwhat I aaid abont the folly of calling the Marine's ' a ohanoo win.' Ho aays ' Xho reports given cf the fight in u Boston the nest morning were as far away a possible from the truth. Tho Marine, inatead , of winning by a chanoe, had a lead and wa ? i coming after tbe tnontj-acoond round. Domp ' eey had landed throo blows to hia ono, bnt Dempsey'a tbron were, in the amonnt ot exe i oution they did, less effeotive than the Marino's one. ' In the light of Dempsey'a defeat by La Blanohe,peop!owill nowthinkthatDempBey's challenges to Mitchell wore a mistake. Every body knows of MitchoU'a oleverneis, his sameness, bis shrewdness, and that he oan fight twenty pounda heavier than Dempsey. Thus, didn't Jack mako a mistake by hia demoanor towards the Englishman? It looka that way now, but if there ia no man in the world that is glad of Dempsey'a defeat it is Mitchell. Dempsey made hia life in Amorioa at one time almost unendurable.' Tho Adelaide Lantern aaya Tom Lind' say (Infant) challenges W. Maber and W* Evans to stop either in eight ronnds for £25 aside. Both fights same night. Man and money Norfolk Arms. The infantile Tom stands six feet four in his stookings, is very black, and drinkB ginger ale when he oan't get anything stronger. The ohanoes are that ' gonial Tom,' of the Norfolk, the other s Tom's foster father, has been trying to get the poor little colored baby a lioking and 25 per oent. of tbe gate. Lord Mandeville ia said to have taken Frank Slavin, tbe Australian heavy-weight, ' nnder Ihia especial patronage' in London, taking great pleasure in tramping the streets with the Maitland Blngger and introducing him into awell sporting society. This Mande ville ia Manchester's son, a patron and 'friend' of female mnsio- hall amgera who, with Bessie Bellwood, a girl of that olaaa, waa rooently summoned for an aiaanlt on oab owner King, who after waiting nine honra out Bido Miss Boll wood's oottage in St. John's Wood, to ask Mandeville for fares owing, was knooked into the gutter by the pair, when they at last emerged, for hia imper tinence in daring to dnn a live lord. Mike Donovan, speaking o! Dempaey's defeat, aaid: 'I am not surprised. Every body haa been talking that nobody had a ghost of a show with Jaok Dempaey. He waa going to defeat me easily, you remember, in six rounds. Well, I am what they aall an old man, but I did the leading against him and out-boxed him all around. 'Dempsey fight Charley Mitchell ?' What rionsonse. I have get the ohance at Dempsey. It^ouM be too good a thing for the blasted ounning English man. Dempsey has been made a god of beyond hiB merits. I gave him a little oome down ; Le Blanche has given him another.' Tommy Holden, a Chioago. feather-weight, puts forward tbe olaim in a New York paper that ho has been ' given the award of beating Billy Mnrphy, the Australian, in a four round bout in San Franoiaoo.' Mr. Holden gives na tie first news of suoh an encounter (aaya 'A Crank on Fightera'). I am ante that Billy Murpby will learn of the oontest for the first time through Holden's Btatement. Mrs. Catherine Sullivan, mothor of John L. ' Sullivan, died at her late reeidenoe, 8 Parnell street, Boston, at 9 p.m., August 30, the oause ' of her death being water on tho heart. For tho laat fifteen years flits, ouuivan naa uuuu an invalid. For five days previous to her death Mrs. Snllivan had been very low, and Fr. Gallagher, pastor of St. Patriok'a Churoh, has been her oonstant attendant. Mrs. Sullivan was born in Athlone, County Bob oommon, Ireland, 52 years ago. She waa the I seoond daughter of John and Bridget Kelly. She emigrated to Amerioa in 1852 and settled in Boston, where the next year she waB married to Miohael Sullivan, the champion's worthy father. The result of the union waB five children, three boya and two eirla, John L be'nij tha second oldeat of the family. Mrs. Sullivan's husband, her BisterB Annie and Bridget, and her daughters Katie and Annie, the latter aocompaoied by her husband, Jawes Leonard, wero present at tho death bed. Jihn L. had been at Lynn, Maes. , and Crescent Beaoh during the day. &.te!e* gram was sent hiui informing him ot hie mother's approaching death, flo took tho firat train for Boeton, and on arriving in town waa rapidly diiven out to the Patnell-a.reot bonne, but. arrived inst a few minutes t folate. Tho funeral was teld Monday morning, Soptomber 1. from St. Franois de S»W Cburob on Vernonalreet, Boston, high miss boing oelef ra'od. Tt o remains were intetr.d at Mt. Calvary cemetery. At. tbe GoT.n Gate Athletio Club, August 14, Georgn Allen, a new arrival from Aus tralia, ft light ten hot rounds with Tom M'Elwane, U' 'Frieeo. It was nip and tuc« np to the e'gb'.h routd, when the Auatraliia took a Btrcng lead, whioh he kipttothe end. IailQ WBB oeuimta » nmrar. toll us who it Giorge Allon, from Australia i In trying to 'top a 20dol. gold pieoe, whi ih ho had dropp' d, from rolling overboard on ?» Sausolito forryboat, August 7, ' Auitraliin ' Billy Murpby ran into a ohain and broke hu nose. What mado bim mad was not the brokon pmell^r, but tbe faot that the g'tld pieoe wouldn't have rolled overboird after I The New York Herald oalls a oontoat between Tot- r Jaokson and Jaok Fallon ' something like a oontest between a st iain hammer an* a olod of putty. Fallon will be billed in England as the greatest fightor Amerioa ever produced, and when Jaokion I BtOPS W W U 1 UJlUDUEf, v.uo -J.I thumpa him ? n the heart, banga him over the mouth and tl en upBet-i him aud hiii him on the iuglar v-in ash* f .lis, the Bpoat^tjrs will | oontider P-tP a tvot.dar.' Well. g«t your big fighter Sullivan, or your big blniTec Kilrain into the tir p with Pete, aud too if he won't do all that with at least one of 'tra. He s dono it to all the teat of any not 3, yoa Beoauseof the 'kicking'' of some of the membera of the California Athlotio Club the hooka of that organisation were eiamined by aa expert. His teport shows that the groja _ rrft_ *— ? ? - cinnnM rOOeipW 1UC KUO JOB! BU4VUUWM WW — , aid that the disbursements were as follows Famishing olub room, 12,700Jot j pursos, 23,500dol; rent, SCOOdul; benefit to Johns town sufferers, 2500dol; «ras and water, 1200dol; telegraphing, 1050dol; salaries, DOOOdol, leaving a balance of lOOOdol. 