A Visit to tlio Toowoomba Foundry. Tnc manner in which the foundries and iron shops of tho colony havo boon not asido ia favor of British firms has directed atten tion in a markod raannor to tho iron trado as it exists at present in Toowoomba, and thus wo woro satisfied that wo should oonsult tho wishou of our roadars, as well as our own indication, in aooopting tho invita tion courteously extended by Mr. G. W. Griffiths, tho manager, to inenoot tho works of tho Toowoomba Foundry Company. Jt Is somo yoars now Binco Mr. Griffiths acted as our ci'ccrouo through tho foundry, . and wo notiood that a markod alteration in tho es tablishment had takon plnco in tho interval. Tho industry, so important to Toowoomba, had oxtondea its ramifloatlous in many dirco- .tions, now branches of tlio iron trado had boon taken up, a great store of now machinery had been purohasod, and not altogothor so satisfactory, ono lino of manufacture that at tho timo wo alludo to, gavo promise of oxten sivo work and good returns has boon totally abaodonod, for wo learn that oompotitlon bos complotoly swamped tho railway carriago trndo in tho colony, and tho Toowoomba Foundry proprietary havo thus found tboir ox- pondituro for a doublo lino of roils into tho workshop and oonnoctod with tho railway of no aso. Fortunately, howovor, tho Foundry Company havo many moro irons in tho firo than ono, and what iB lost in ono way is porhsps moro than mado up in anotiior. It is most obvious, however, that Govornmont aid and patronago oonld do a grout deal to foster and adranoo tho Iron trndo of Toowoomba, and yot that patronago is wrongfully refused and tho homo markot sought; a ponny wiso and pound foolish argumont in contradiction to tno plainest oconomto truths and utterly opposed to tho promises of tho prosont Govorn mont. Samo suoh thoughts Hash aoross our prain as Mr. UriUitha on Tuosday last led us into his offico and pointed ont piles of railway carriago, buffers, 300 all ready, and waiting only for tho springs which wo aro told aro suppliod by tho Railway Department. Tho timo for fulfilling tho oontraot oxpirod a fow days ago, but, oolng springloss, tho butters aro of courso not ready for sorvico. Wo sup- poso that tho bnffors lately ordorod from nomo will spring out fully oquinpad liko Minerva from tho head of Jovo. We learn that ono of tho principal contracts tho Com pany havo on hand at prosont is tho ironwork of a railway goods shod for Normanton, and whioh is a largo undertaking. In this work there aro eight principal spans with openings of somo <15 foot. Tho foundry also supply tho iron work for tio rods, fittings, bracings, &o.; Of this work wo shall soo a littlo furthor on. Passing out of tbo offico, wo glanco into tho bolt room as it is called, whore wo soo bolts of all sizes and degrees, littlo bolts and big bolts, thin bolts and thiok bolts, all aro thoro. A fow stops furthor and wo reach tlio show room of tho agricultural goods. Horo wo soo rangod in a largo and lofty apartmont 68 foot in longth by 38 foot broad, implements of ovory description, all invontod to economise labour and pcrfoot tho various operations in ogrionltaro. Row upon row of ohaff-oattors aro rangod along ono sido of tho room, from tho massive machino worked by steam powor to thoso of smaller slzo drivon by horsos, and others yot moro diminutive in whioh ono man motive power is used. Tho iudisponsiblo adjunot to tho farm is, wo understand, a spoai- ality with tho Toowoomba Foundry, and oor- tainly thoir work scams most excellent, whilo tho agriculturist who conld not find what ho wonted horo must indeed bo most captions in his ohoico, for Mr. Griffiths tolls qb that ho is moro than ablo to compoto successfully with tho homo artiolo. In this room also aro soon many spoaimons of most artistic ironwork nsod in houso-building, and wo woro ptoasod to loam from Mr. Griffiths that tho domand for light and artistic balcony railings, vorandah pillars, and iron tracory in connec tion with tho ornamental ontsiao work of mansions has inoroasod mnoh of lato, and that this is tho caso Bays mnoh for tho tasto of thoso who aro building handsome rosidonccs in and around Toowoomba. Among thoso who havo drawn on tho resources of tho foundry in this direction lately is Mr. Ed mund Wilcox, who is now orootlng a villa on tho Drayton Rldgo, and who is using tho ornamental work of which wo spoak, as muoh as possiblo, and vory light and olegant it will look adding vory mnoh to the artistio finish of a hoaso. Going op-stairs, wo find oursolvos in a vast storeroom whore llo in apparent confusion, whioh is indeed ordor, patterns of all tlio work oast in tho foundry during tho last cightoon yoars. On looking moro olosoly wo find that amid all tho disoraor thoro is a certain method in storing theso patterns that cnablos thoso in tho secret, which wo woro not, to find any givon article re quired for. moulding without tho least dolay. A veritable old carloBity shop does this pattern store appoar with itsstrango woodon shapes and occontrio, (forms tho proto types and perhaps tho ghosts of things long ago gono Co tho limbo whoro nsod np ma chinery ia rologatod. Among thoso relics may bo montionod a nambor of old bnffors, for no tho dust strewn patterns of tho minor work in connootion with tho manufacture of railway buffers may fittingly bo oalled. Thoso pat terns represent maohinory mado at a oost of £2000 in order that tho fittings of railway rolling stock might bo turned oat iu a satis factory monnor, and now thoy aro all nodosa as tho Railway Dopartmont hnvo bood fit to go homo for ovorything thoy roqniro. In tliia store Is also foand a largo stock of patterns for pnmps, wind mills, wnools, and wind mill ooluanB, and many othor sootions of tlio various ortiolos produced in tho foundry. Descending from tho pattern room wo poop into tho noxt dopartmont whoro wo find woodon sails of windmills in various stages of oon- strnotion. Beyond is tho pattern makors' shop. As wo turn to ontor tho main bnilding our attention is directed to tho vory comploto maohinory for working tho wood used in con nootion with tho foundry. On ono sido is a largo frame whoro logs aro " brokon down ; " on tho other saws of all Borts and conditions. Horo are villainous looking circular saws whizzing round with sharp hungry tootb. Here also aro frame saws, while opposite is a planing maohino for smoothing tho surface of wood. Furthor on wo saw tho various parts of many a windmill ia tho oourso of construc tion ; on ono sido tho arms of wind-drivon mills were shaped by maohinory ; on tbo othor tho long and spindlo liko logs of tbo maohino woro boing sawn and shaped out of timbor. In ono cornor wo observed a swoop saw, usod to oat any artiolo in a oireular shapo and for merly worked in connootion with tbo manu facture of railway waggons. IVo woro shown nn ingonious application of tho prinoiplo of tho blast pipo attaehod to this moobino by which a current of air maintains a steady " blow " on tho artiolo cut and scatters tho shavings whioh wonld othorwiso obstruct tho gnlding marks on tho wood. Not far from horo is tbo tonguing and grooving machines. Thoso, howovor, now stand idlo, an ovidonco. as Mr. Griffiths tolls us, of thoovor-compotition now conspicuous in tlio trade, and which is particularly noticoablo in tho building of wagons. TIiobo wo loarn aro sold for £10, having in timo past brought as muoh as £70 to £89 to tho manufaotaror. Conspiouous among tho maohinory in this shop is a fonrteon horso powor ongino, which has worked away horo for tho last twelve years. It is still in admlrablo condition and boars its yoara admirably. A.t tho sido of this shop wo notioo the facilities for landing tho timbor and othor goods in tho works, a railway siding running past tho end of tho building to a travelling crano running on gear ovcrhoad. and oapablo of lifting a weight of oight tons. Near hero wo observe another rollo of tho past in tho form of stool sloopor maohinory pro cured wo are informod at a cost of £1300, and now useless, as tho Bloopors aro procured nt liumo. Lying In a great heap is a quantity of debris or sorap iron, whioh is worked np into buffers. In tho contro of this dopartmont is a largo 00 horso powor boiler with two largo far- nacos and so constructed that wood rofaso of any description oan bo utillsod for fuel. Fasting on wo ontor tlio smiths' shop, whioh Is of largo dimooslons, boiog somo 100ft. long by 50ft. wido. Horo wo noto tho sorap iron mado into what may bo called minora! pies Freliminery to being baked in tho fiery uruocos which answor tho purposo of ovonn, and from which tho " pies " omorgo thoronghly oookod and all ready for tho somowhut vlolont attontions.'of tho stoain hammors ono of which taps than and thoro, representing ono ton thumping powor, tho next emphasising its remarks to tho oxtont of 7|owt., whilo a most useful and vigorous baby knocks shapo into a fiory mass and making an impression to tlio extant of 3owt. As wo woro inspecting tho stoam hammors wo woro told to stendback, and wore glad to do so, as a part of a span of tho Normanton goods shod was borno undor tho hammor hot and glowing, and a flango for re ceiving a rivet stampou out. Two machines in this part of tho building attraot our atten tion ; tbo ono shoars motel an oleanly an a housowifo's scissors snips a thread, whilo tho othor bites off tho ond of an inch thiak Iron bolt as easily as a child divides UBtiok of rook with his tootb. Below in an arrangement for pnnohing, and wo saw a holo bored in iron as though it woro as soft as butter. Hero is maohinory for twisting and bonding iron ElatcB, giving thom tho requisite shapo for oilors, and furthor on Is a largo store of boilor plates lately imported. In thin shop aro twolvo smiths fires, though wo observo that only fivo of thom aro in full blast. Noting a bolt making maohino cnpablo of turning ont any sizo up to 2ft. long andlj inohos diamoter, wo pass out a door faring tho north into a largo yard whoro tiro stored somo 80 to 100 tons of iron ready for " working up," and hero too aro soon mouldings of mnuy differ ent sizes all neatly staabed up ready far use. Turning to tbo right onr attention is next dirootod to two oupolan nsod for meltiog cast- iron, to which aro attaehod tho maohinory for a strong blast of air. Walking on wo noxt arrivo at tho foundry proper, where bands aro omployod in moulding. Emerging from tho building wo glanco round tho onriosnro of somo two aeros in whioh tbo works stand, and noto a nambor of windmills ready for any Don Qnixoto, whon tho wind comes, bnt whioh woro motionloss in the absonco of n breozo. Twodifforont variotioa of windmills aro now mado at tlio fonndry. oach having its admirers, and very important Is this branch of tho busi ness inaood, and wo aro pleased to loarn that tho domand for this most necessary adjunct to a farm is daily becoming greater, as it is an ovidonoo that tho necessity for obtaining a supply of water from subtorranoan sources U appreciated. Tho noxt building tbat domands our atten tion is tho machino shop, whoro nlmost sllontly tho groat powor stoam is doing Its work as tho willlog slavo of man. Hero and thoro and ovorywhoro aro labor and time- saving maohinos that wonld roqniro tho knowlodgo of a Stephenson to understand and dosoribo. Two machinoH, howovor, wo must givo somo npneo to, as thoy struck us, doing thoir work in such a thorough tnannor. Tho ono a slotting machino, lately imported from homo, out through heavy ironwork with an oxaotness and aoourroy that was wondorfal ; tho othor a planing machino, was ongagod whon wo saw it inporfcoting tho work of tho stoam hammor on tho spans for tho Normanton railway goods a shod. Bit by bit woro tbo inoqualitioB smoothod down until all was porfoat. Tho othor maohinory comprisod lathes of all shapes and sizes, drilling maohinos, sorowing machines for threading bolts, and manyothors of whioh wo know not oven tho uso, bnt whioh all seamed busy. Tho foundry, as it now nppoara, sooms vory porfoot,.capab!oof doing far moro work than it can at prosont obtain, cnpablo of omploying far moro mon than tho 30 or 40 now working thoro, and thus giving tho strongest ovidonco possiblo of tho noeessity for at onco putting tho protection thcorlos of tho Govornmont in praotioo. 