AN INDIAN GHOST STORY. Here is a genuine Indian ghost story, told bv a writer on "The Bypaths of Indian Life," in the columns of the Times of India :— Saheb Den Dhobey was a prison official of proved courage and magnificent physique, who was brought irom Jessore to Alipore to take the place of head warder. It was his duty to vist the patrols between the surrounding walls every night between the hours of 12 and 2. On one occasion, alter he had been only a few days in gaol, he set out on his rounds as usual, but some time after 2 a.m. it was found that lie had not returned. Time wore on, and at last inero wondering why he was so late gave place to anxiety, and a search party was organired. They carried torches, and at last came upon the insensible form of Taheb Den Dhobey. He was lying prostrate on the ground close to the hospital gate, which is situated about 150 yards distant from tho gallows. The unfortunate man was carried to the officials' quarters, and there, after a time, by the application of water and other restoratives, he was brought round. The following was the tale he had to tell:—He had been going his rounds and had stooped down to adjust one of his shoes, when he felt some one spring upon him from behind and commence belabouring him between the shoulders. The concussion forced him on to his hands and knees, and he first thought it was a prisoner trying to escape. Not very much alarmed, for he had confidence in his great physical prowess, he tried to grasp his assailant by putting one arm behind his back; but he could leel nothing; yet the blows con- tinued to rain down upon him and ho felt himself pressed down to the earth by a great weight. At last a voice addressed him, " You dare com« here do you, to defile by your presence the territories of Govind Brahmin !" And with that the man felt himself lifted bodily up and thea dashed face forewards on to the ground. He remembered no more till he awoke to consciousness in the guardroom. "When Saheb Den Dhobey had finished this strange story, the aged head warder, who was about to retire, came up and put the question, " What is this that is being said about Govind Brahmin ?" Thia led to explanations, and the old warder told how a noted budmash of that name, who had committed several cold- blooded murders, had been hanged in Alipore gaol 26 years before. " But," pointed out one of the auditors, "Saheb Den Dhobey \»as attacked a good distance from the gallows. We found him close to the hospital gate." Ah!" replied the old man impressively, " the scaffold in those days stood on the very snot whereyou found the prostrate body of Saheb Dhobey." The latter listened with blanched face to this tale ; then ho threw himself back on the couch on which he lay. "My hour has come," he said. " It must have been the spirit of Govind Brahmin that attacked and beat me. My heart iB broken. It is certain I must die;" and ho died in two day's time. 