AN iEG£DIAN TSLE. :" Two years of son rain and wind and bad weather, had. passed over the countless watercourses and vast-prairies since Loydftzgal left the singulady lonely valley of the Tielie, - and now, after-the-lapsei of-that. time, as he again rode away from fiew Ibena across the far-reaching prairie, he - remembered those davs, as one vaguely tries to recall an almost forgotten dream, and he thought' of -gay. bhthesome-Josephine 1'elielan, and cas.ually .wondered if .she- were, happy. - : It was early in tlie morning, and Uie sun shone over the -interminable green prairies stretching far away to the misty horizon like the .shimmering waves of an endless emerald sea.-- :Cham-like processions: of clouds: now- and thw darkened, the sun :and . threw. deep purple: •shadows over the sluggish bayou, which gUttered 'like :a 'silver: thread' 'here and there Through waving -willows • and hoarv, nnstletoe-erowned •live oafcsj moES-mantled' and hoary with years.; In the distance herds of cattle., grazed, and the passing -wind , brought: intoxicating odour^. of jasmine, roses and magnolias. " Everywhere! ihere was the abundant life and colour.etiiSx-i travagant nature :>.»/. v.. Bcgal drew .his mule- to-a standstill wh^ei the aniinal's feet sank sup to the fetlocks perfect labyrinth, of .grasses and ilowers.- ! : v He was a man of some-thirty years, dressed; m "well-made, fashionable: garments. 'Hfe features'werfe finely cut and cxpressioned -with: the impress, "of ' his ^caveless,", amorous .n^^j from somswhere m the distance lie heard f&1 hoarsecall of m^nttem "ttiff only-sound In the] absolutely silent land. « He-scanned- the: .plifej ofwavinggreen igrass rath a, ! swift. penetrating: glance;-andthenToie onmth'increased) spefed.'l .. "Ses^'"he muijnurcd. to "luiiiself^' titey: said the-seeondrliouEe.Iiave -already .passed' 1 one' rin : \- After.travelliiig several hours .longer.-he^jLp- 3iioaehed a low, "anpamted ^ahin- witli ove.rhangmg caves,* concealed by, masses of-grape-- symcsiand jellow-roses' which: entirelys covensi; tlie "bkek, corled shmgles, and clung loTmgjy around theebegnmed: chimneys like dependent cliildren about'tiieir'mother's'lieck:- , - :: i . , 'slle^-aismnanted; There"was no fence. 1 so life 1 tied ; hisW^e% I on%afihe-<iuiff4re£s.wliiSi| grew on the banks of a immature .circular lake jn front of tke'hdufce ' Jia Before Jie had time to ascendthe lcps;a 'Stalwait®iali ^tosd'-jn ithe open door,wavi ^^He was about ^Bcga 18 £ e i •dr&s;^ m a -juuikeen ^tton^hirtofa,»veUowmh:colour.amd^thinad^j ^users-andshad; a tpatheti(^ watclifi^.iexprfej sion^mJiissunbunied Sice-iitHp slightlynod3^.j toUegalj and snuleS .asnfjtoian old acquaintanco. „ ii®:i : "Are-yon Jo eph Dubois' nq'uirell,_tJie •later::rm5br^M.-tocadian"feenti,-'before1^-: cepting the proffered chair under the vinecovered %era,n'aa% « 1 1| x1,, Te isn^ieu J faigerls 1 answered the "in 11, inthe peculiar Srfadiali iiatoiS ''Asia do on «om«4tfisebm land«' id >1 ^Th f ^ a^flnsseatod- j , tI 1 f 1 n The Arcadian explained that he ctmid. not| fe" 3 - ^ ^si^ll'^adetjjEhichiteguireiUiromertiste smoking indifferently, and-saw/coming out of the ho®e: a bnv creature between one and a half and two years old. : Her eyes were smiling and her hair flying over her ehooleers in bnrmshed brown ringlets, while she ughdv held a gorgeous coloured butterfly in her chubby fingers. She was entirely nakea—only a scarlet suie^ac&s; twisted about her pretty neck and. ^Vuile Ignite. . • ^•tWif^pliine! Josephine!' called the metiers the interior of the cabin, •fiitlfhlt sounil Ecgal started from his seat, d a-ioire.r: of crimson sufiused his ihroai and Hpfr-^SefinK he bad time 10 Tlnnk the mother of The child, jn pursuit of her ofepnng, stood near hinCNtaie was not more than a girl herself in years, straight as a reed, with magnificent waveless black hau-, liquid dark-fnnged eyes, and a rarely perfect Sgorc. "VThen she saw Hegal she uttered a gaEpof dismay, and tottered against the pillar of t!t& "porch." 4t -iOU—you'-- she inarmnri.-U.-4i: liia native tongue. " Vfhy didjou come! Segal's discomposijre) equalled l^rs, but he knew better how to conceal it. He'liad not ei- -pected^iseejier^SomtwieinJieKjfcaia had said die was married and gone to Venmiuonviite to live, and lie had tbougot 1;. well:- and so disiniKsed tbe snhjcct from Ins niino. " Well, Jteeptime," he said ai length, with a good-natured .«mile on his lips, "and so vqu. are married. "' -"The girl did not reply, -although taere,.had not been a day for two years but she had thought of this man, and longed-to see him. "Is Joseph Dubois your husnand = he inquired,apparently not- noticing her contusion, 'but 111 reality rebuked by her -colourless -face. Countless memories thronged on him—of summer mghts. and the Jove he had talked to this -dark-eyed- Arcadian, and 01 the loTe she had 'giyen bim.—a .passion that had sacnoeea all and aiever- xomplained—and for such a debt be bad paid her with—wnatl Neglect. silen«. and • oblivion, _ . . \- 1'And this httle -xJuld; is it yours. Jose- jbrnfe? " he'continued: • - \- A - cry of intolerable suffering broke irom her. " Yes.'' she said, "she is mine, mine—and— yours. : Oli,' whv did-you. leave me thenYou should have staved bv,me . xhroagh tBat bitter trial !:''• she wailed; .and then stooped snadenly -as the blood- crimsoned her face. Sue had spoken-Tn -the: impulse of iha old lore she had'-ever'yielded--him,-and uitenuing upbtaii'r r. -.i- - • fiegal shuddered as lie heard her, and hastened .to ,repair..what seemed like a claim on him ior tliat-past foolish afiair. ... "I will make all reparation m mvnower," lie-continued, and would have said more but a .tnat moment Joseph Dubois came round the corner of the lionse. . Josephine gathered her child un m her arcs, and; without glancing at either man, went ia >and«losed the door. " I have found, m'sicn. that I can go to-day. aiter all,' said Dnbois.with downcast eves. "The water is high ; thus we<an make good headway and get back~by sundown.' • -. : - Regal -received this news with debght. He longed to leave the place where everv word uttered reminded him of his own baseness Y\"t,ii-- he stayed: he knew remorse -and repentance would be with him, so with one covert dance at the closed house he lollowed Dubois a short distance across the pathless prauieto the baroo. The tall grass was knee-deep with safFron-dnted flowers, and a flock of rice birds rose irom the edge of the stream as Dubois pushed his pirogue irom the reeds into the water and mouoned Hegal to seat himself, while he stepped m and without a word took up the oars and began to row. rapidly up stream. Eegal made several ef forts at conversation, but receivme only monosyllabic rephes he relapsed mto silence, watching the weirdscenery. on the banks as he rapidly floated by.-. - The air was balmv and heavy- with the ..perfume, of innumerable flowers..but profoundly.melancliioly with the awinl silence that hovered over all the splendid, ancient land. On Dubois pushed his pirogue through the tangled mass of white and yellow fiiies in the wide stretches of the -bayou, where gigantic live oaks waved along the bankE,- droplet].-, their mossy veils- to "the-very water and moving tieir •branches tike tlie dripping, spectral arms of ghosts 'beckoning toward an unseen land; on through.'sombre lagoons, where the water was so high they were obliged to droop their heads to avoid the rank vmes .which hung nom tbe trees: 111 fantastic festoons; on- over the flooded swamp, the iair of. .unimaginable horrGrs, where moccasins lay coiled on teedsand deadly rattlesnakes curled on low. hanging branches, a -twisting, writhing, voiceless mass ot living venom, just discernible in the twilight gloom of the sombre cypress-forest by the gbzter of their eves. On through the chilly atmosphere and malarious fo", -and- then cut of that lungic- of horrible-growths into a small -lake fairly alive with voracious-, alligatom and other loathsome .things.- tDnbois- ranlusfirogue up to a small island ^covered with- tmy'blue star-faced blossoms.':.-*' Get' out a- -moment, -msieu;: he said calmly, to JEegal..-"There is somethins wroDg with the boat," - .lleaal, suspecting no barm, stepped .out into the black mud, and hetore he could.prevent it Dubois pushed off mto the lake again. When sevaral yards distant he called to igal. ' : . • "IiDok to youiself, m'sieu. \ou are on ail island' which'is generally flooded at this season. The water will -.grow higher dav bv day. You will wear-your iifeoiit countmg the inches as it comes-to-vou: --Look to yourself, msieo. ior Cajans never :iorget dishonour offered to their women. 'While the hungrv alligators swim arouad vour island waiting for their tune to come,think.of Josephine and her broken heart. I loved her, boy and man, before you came, and after, you hadjgone I'still .loved her. To-day I learned you are3he man who broke her heart: so adieu, nysieu,"" and Dubois began to tow awaj " Have you no:heait, man?" cried llegal m agony. "Sarfelyyou would'not leave toe here to be drowned.'' .-. " - • "A densiverlaugh was the only- response. •' -'"For the love of'God Ibeg-'JOu to return," implored-Eegal in frenzied tones, • ; The monstrous-'passion flowers' waycu in the breeze, and a eall of a wlioop-crane fiom the recesses oft the darl; mysterious forest was the only reply, ^nd-Dubois plied jus oars faster. "Iwill give you all I possess, and I am rich— just think,* Joseph—Iiwill give you thousands or dollars—if you will come back ! " But Dubois had gone. Hidden, "by the lazy masses of moss he mired-homeward through the gloom of the swamp.' At-supper he was : quiet and-thoughtful, and in seply: to' Josephine's eager question, -said'the snanger 'bad returned to Ne.v,- Iberia. He retired early and sank into a troubled sleep, m whichshe talked and moaned and tola of the man on the-island. j Quick'as a flash it'camo to the almost crnzcJ : woman.'i He whomvfehe: loved, w^s alone iu that deatJi^deahngiplaceirwhereith? fyery-atmosphere •was .pestilential.-. rKi?smg-.het baby she rosbed franticallv.. &om-the.-house...-She; found- the pirogue and pushed it but lu^he water, which jay-like a,vastsheeL of-slver under the moon s white lays.^ Stmining ,her; jiands until heir ve'ms were knotted and swollen like^reat purple cords she. rowed, as one pursued by sdeatli, over tbe course herhusband and'herloVer hafl traversed. From somewhere in a. thjeket' of- roses a mockmg biid. sang Its -sweetest:-notes. Itjbroaght back that dead summer when '(Regal bad wooed her Under the vmcs of herfaltlier s cottage, and ifastetffind faster she:arged the.boat on. At las^ weary and exhausted, she readied the island sna •felbfani tog into Begal'siirms as he stepppd- into ..thB-iiurogue-.t-.- Aitor.. awhile Jur, consciousness returned,-and th.ey.soflnfstarted on their dismal lide a ; .Back through that-black- choked swamp Begal rowpd, rw3iile the"fa'hgued woman, pushed the 'low hanging branclies aadc. Once slie stood up -.aisd' m'si^ ^ aetwiirt of twisted vmcs so the.v *cbiild : pais i iinder: ^Suddeiily.ibefore- she realized it, sjie had^iBtprbc^ 'aTiuge xatfclesnake,,' With *a horrible tbnS 'it-slid mto the boat and gathering itself made- a fierfee dash at Bcsal,' who (sat motaohleESi&siehough; charmed. Josephine saw the reptile dart its forked tongue at her lover. -She ^rabbed'anaar -from the dazed man and, brought it down on the Shake m sevend ;successive-fblov^:-"-iThe .'angered .serpent ,hissed and. turned from Hegal, nho began -to regain himself, and struct furiously at the girl. Segal pounded the iorrible 'inSnster with the other or nd at length killed -it, but not before the dead) poison of it bite 'was taking effect on •ipoortfosephinE-'i '.ijte'snifediBnKagaiii't Kg* 1 * knees Her head fell back and her mouth was growinggra and anehed , . " I lovea. ou^lways " she murmured: femtiy in the stillness of tiietearly jnormng. " Ecmemher jnj baby Wh^i you. go—take her—witi qvl >ou—you are "her father, toveier-rand emember me fpr whde"' and little by ktae de^tli tolSbverS-li let senses The rosy sou befcm thjiionnfe Sie 'cistern sUcs bnd a wik •sMred npwarSj'Mngingits firstinatm. ' l ^ m ^ U & W k ' ^' moaned EcgaJ. •bendra" ovl#Tier®»aiiSais J h i^<'Defr little Jose- -phine liotik npifind^ay Jo« wai'hw; fori lor(! aaheirlj IfIssfee old love'iAnSned' _ • Uutotheie «s'did Hot open. The'lip aid not ssply; W!at use as reined when it came so JateJi-jij. - < , Ana #en Dubois -asvjoke m the mo. ung ™ found the ^yjmian Jor whosesake he had smnm n veranda, and thehtwe who haa ler, face,-55s goija. ~GiSi Isoir —feat iro^'SSl Itif misses. 