BATHURST. Bathubbt. Thin Tlar. At 8 o'clock this morning tho Protec tionists were busy at work, and a largo nnmber of vehicles were flying about- with Snttoris oolors flvincr. an arum I as the poll wsb opened. Odds of 2 to 1 on have been laid that Mr. Suttor heads the poll, His party feel confident of success. The Free-traders also claim a majority. The Hon Edmond Barton's speech on Thursday night did much good. That Sir Henry Parkes has been ham hugging the local optionists is evident. Now that the general eleotion is here Sir Henry is posing as their friend, but let the local optionists ask themselves whether Sir Henry has over really tried to do them any service. On November 17, 1887, Mr. Hutchison asked Sir Henry these straight questions in the Asssembly Does tho Colonial Secretary pappose giving effeot to the local option resolution passed by the House? If fo, can ho say when he will be likely to do so ? Sir JHonry Parkes answered : I am not prepared to give any direct answer to this direct question. The amendment of the present licensing Act has received attention and will receive further attention and when- ever that -question is decided tho Govern ment will decide upon tho coureo they shall take with regard to local option. My own views, Ithink, are pretty well known." Sir Henry, it will be seen, commits him self to nothing. " The question has nceived attention," he said, "and will receive further attention." That " further attention " ia now being received. The general election is here, and when Sir Henry promised that the question should receive " further atten tion," he probably meant the present elec tion. Also he could not give a " direct answer." Will local optionistB give him one at tho ballot- box ? Fill high tho cup with Inglis tea, The Tiger man is m tho ahodo ; No more he'll make a man J.P. Who sixteen years before was made A justio6 long before ho boaght Souohong from one who tigors oanght. During the last Parliament Mr. Dibbs, the present Premier, brought in a bill to repeal so much of the Centenary Celebra tion Act as referred to the State House proposal. The object of the measure was, of course, to prevent the squandering of a large sum of money in this costly piece of tomfoolery on the part of Sir Henry Parkes. Those who voted against the second reading of the bill that is, those who voted in favor of this morgue being erected, were the follow ing — Parkes Garrett Roberts Inglis Sutherland Burns Abigail Wm. Clarke Thompson O'Connor Ross Lee Hugh Taylor Matheson Ellis Dr. Wilkinson Davis Tonkin Hawthorne Withers W. H. Browne Teece Joseph Abbott Hall (Newtown) Hutchison Cooke Henson M'Millan M'Kinnon Riley Merriman Burdekin M'Court Bowman Dangar Chapman Sydney Smith Hawken Brunker Colls Some of the Foreign-traders in Newtown ate industriously circulating a report to the effect that one of the Protectionists did not part for an account of a few shil- ings incurred at the la9t contest in Newtown. Tho fact is that a fow free and independent stuck up some.drinks, and left the candidate to pay for them. Not feel ing himself /.called upon to part with money for an account of which he knew nothing, the candidate naturally declined. On the other hand it is>|just as well to remember that," arising out of the same election, a case was madejpublic in which a man claimed a sum |of 41C, balance of 430 alleged to be dne to him for " services rendered " to a prominent supporter of ' the Foreign-trade candidate. .What the' services where the public were left to imagine, as the case was settled, and tho whole facts conld not come out. It ill- becomes the latter party to accuse the former of not paying expenses that were unauthorised and illegal. People in a glass house should not cast stones at a park oS artillery that could , blow them into nothingness. Working men should remember that when the miners of Newcastle were fight ing a fair battle of labor against capital in Newcastle Sir Henry Parkes closed their months with the military and police and Nordenfeldt guns. And he will do the same to yon, should you- ever be engaged ; in a similar contest. Then vote against the > tyrant, and the men- who- are associated with him. Ma, G. F. Stokce,. one of the Foreign- trade candidates for Newcastle, said he was surprised to find himself wbero he was. It strikes as that Mr. Stokes will be much more surprised to- find where he will be this evening.. Tenia Last Gasp. The Foreign-traders axe at their wits' ends to find expedients to damage their opponents. Knowing that to-day New < South Wales is about to inter the Foreign- ; trader in a constitutional manner, there ; is nothing, too dirty for hiB partisans ; to resort to to avoid the funeral ' obsequies. The attempt has been made by the anti-National organs to raiBe the religions question, knowing that amcog the warm-blooded descendants of a country which ha3 suffered much, on this account a very little- will stir up old-world grievances which ought to be buried in the nationality of Australia. As a sample of the Foreign- traders' thorough unscrupulousncss, and that tho most scurrilous trickery is not too Bcurriloua for them, they plastered New town last night with green bills, asking " Catholic Protectionists" to vote for Bellemey. It's too thin. Alderman M. J.\ Conion, one of the Protectionist candidates for the Glebe, addressed a large and enthusiastic meet ing from the Currency Lass Hotel last evening. The chair was taken by Alderman G. S. Davison, who met with a splendid reception, evidently through appreciation of his conduct in retiring from the contest in order to prevent a split of Protectionist votes. Dnring the coarse of his address, Mr. Conion alludsd, in eulogistic terms, to this action on Mr. Davison's part. Tho thanks of the entire Protectionist party are due to Mr. Davison for his self- effacement during the present eleotion in order to ensure the triumph of the principle he supports. He, in the first place, gave way at Balmain, and then, having come forward for tho Glebe at the instigation of leading Protec tionists, gave way again, althongh his chanccB of victory were of the best. The Paddington Protectionist candi dates wonnd np their campaign, so far as addressing the electors went, last night. The. Protectionist bunch, Messrs. M'Laugblin, W. J. Allen, Walsh, and Wat- kins addressed a large meeting at 7.30 at Watson's Bay, Mr. D. A. Ferguson in tho chair. There was a large attendance, and a very satisfactory hearing was given the candidates. When two of them had spoken theyleftfor St. Matthias' Hall, Paddington, where Mr. J, Pemell presided, and Mr. J. A. Roberts and other prominent Protection ists were on the platform. The audience got a little impatient at the delay in com mencing the proceedings, but, when the candidates did appear, hoard them con siderately, except tor a few larrikin Free- traders at tho back of the hall, who had come to make a row. Tho Minister for Lands (Mr. W. J. Lyno) also spoke, and on coming forward received quite an ova tion. A few flonr bags circulated pretty freely when the meeting had closed, but no particular harm was done, and the meeting broke np with cheers for Protec tion. Gone from the swoota of ofiloo, Gone from tho head of affairs, Gone in tho head, they toll as ; Gone — and nobody oaros . Gono — not to join tho angels, Gone to refleot on the past ; Gone into— Opposition. - Tho old man's gone at last. Gone, lot ns hope for ovor, Gono, whither none oan tell ; Gone to write " pomes " and dream, Gono for a littlo spell, Gone to tho murmuring stroam, Gono whoro — who can tell. In Great Britain, wheio Free- tradoiam has more power than, happily, it has in New South Wales, a man who expresses opinions opposed to thoao of the authorities is gagged ; and if that isn't sufficient to stop him, he's gaoled. (Vide recent' arrests in Ireland.) Then beware of giving it tho npper hand in New South Wales. Mr. " Diek " Inch has been asked by the National Protection Association to re tire from tho contest for Hartioy, and leave Mr. J. P. T. Caulfield to fight the battle of Protection against Mr. J. Hurley If Mr. Inch refuses to retire ho must be regarded as a traitor to tho cause, and color will be given to the rumor afloat that he is running in the interests of tho Free trader to keep Mr. Caulfield out. Parkes is at his old game again, trying to excite religious bigotry where the religious question does not in any way arise. But tho people will not be deceived this time. The depoaed Premier's trick is played out. Tho question for the electors is Protection or Free-trade, and no other. That the people havo sunk every other question in this election ' is shown by the facta that Mr. T.- C. O'Mara, a Soman Catholic, has been nominated for East - Sydney by Mr. George Maiden, an Orange man, and that the proposers of two of tho Free-trade candidates in the same elec torate havo been Messrs. HugheB and Anstin, two Roman Catholics. In tho Canterbnry electorate (particularly at Marrickvillo) many of the most rabid Foreign-fradera belong to tho Roman Church, Again, Alderman Kippax, a staunch believer in Orangeism when neces eary, proposed Mr. Walter Edmunds f, r South Sydney, and Mr.' A. J. Riley, a Roman Catholic, but a Free-trader, has been nominated to receive the Orange vote for South Sydney. It would be as well for tho Grand Old Muddler to stop in the political oblivion where his party has forced him and not attempt to resurrect hie Kiama, Ghost. Tho question is Free-trade or Protection Which ? The statement which the Colonial Trea surer _( Mr. Garvan) made a weeli. or two ago with regard to the depleted etate of tho Treasury brought the usual denial from Mr. Burns. Mr; Burns affirmed that tbe contention of Mr. Garvan that he had no available funds in the Treasury was al/Burd, " Bceing that lie had under his con trol in Sydney and in London no less a sum than -i.'-f,GOu,000." Thia wild and extravagant cssmtioii has dons this amount of good, thnt it has drawn from Mr. Satvnn a Treasury minute showing what tho actual state of the public finances at the present moment is. The j document, which speaks for itself, is, it : will bn noticed, certified |to by the Under- Secretary " Tho Treasury, New South Wales " Sydney, January 31, 1889. < " I am desirous. of stating how the publi : account of the colony stood on the day I took office, January 17,1883. " The public account of the- colony has two accounts opened— viz., tho pnblio account, Sydney, and the public account,- -London, There is paid into tho Sydney . account tho whole of tho consolidated ; revenue of the colony. " The trust funds of tho colony, amount ing to 42,101,606, ara paid into same account. ' There is also paid 'into tho credit of this account the unspent balance of tho old loans account, amounting to 4132,326. "The public account, Sydnoy, into which has been paid the above, is ex hausted, and in addition the account stands overdrawn 41,430,099. " Tho London branch ot the publio ac count had to its credit on December 31, 1888, the eum of 42,089,704, which con stitutes the whole of onr funds in London. " Against thiB credit in London wo have payments falling due during tho present year — amounts which aro ascertained with exactness— amounting to 42,637,832. "In addition to this sum, there are other amounts, of which the exact figures cannot be ascertained, hut aro estimated as amounting to between 4300,000 and ' 4400,000. _ ''Our liabilities, therefore, in London, which must bo paid (luring tho present year, in round figures are 43,000,000; whilst the total amount to credit at London on December 31, 1888, to meet thoso pay ments amounts to 42,089,704. "ThiB amount, which stood to our credit in London on December 31, 1888, 42,089,704, was by payments made from it before I took office on January 17 reduced to 4908,880, and the otbor payments which havo to be mado from this account dnring tho year will exceed tho amount to oredit by fully 4900,000. " The accounts aUo show that, exclusive of the public account with which I have just dealt, there stood to our credit in tho books of the Treasury at Sydnoy — General loans aooonnt 42,980,431 Mastor in Equity account ... 283,703 Master in Lunaoy 30.99G _ , , , , , , 43,295,130 But tho total amount to the oredit of tho Government in the Sydney banks amounts to only 41,864,532. " Thus I cum up that there is no money to the credit of the consolidated revenue account. " The whole of the trust funds, amonnt- ing to 42,101,606, have been exhausted. " The balance of the old loans account, 4132,326, which was also paid into- tho public account, has been exhausted. " And of the general loans account, the Maatef in Equity account, and the Master in Lunacy account, amounting in all to 43,295,130, there only remains in Sydney to onr oredit in the banks the eum of 41,804,532. "The only other credit was in London, where, as already stated, there was to credit on December 31, 1888. the snm of 42,069,704, but which was reduced by pay ments made prior to my taking office to 4908,880. "I would be glad if the Under- Secre tary would carefully examine this state ment, and let me know if it ia in accord ance with the books of the Treasury. . " Jambs P. Gauvan." " I havo examined these figures and find them to bo in accordance with books of the Treasury, ., t "Q. EAOAB, January 31, 1889." 