DEATH OF "THE BARB." A great racehorse has gone the way of all horseflesh. lThe Barb succumbed to an attack of colic a few days ago at the station of his owners, Messrs. Wheeler. The Barb was bred by the Hon. George Lee, of Bathurst, and was by Sir Hercules fron Young Gulnare, by Doctor. When a yearling, Mr John Tait selected him as a very likely lookling youngster, for, though small in stature, he showed great muscular de- velopment, and he was taken to Rand- wick, and there broken in by James Ashworth, one of the best horsemen that ever got into a saddle. He gave con- siderable trouble, and when he made his first appearance in public he ran very green, and was beaten, but in a handi- cap afterwards he won very easily, and as a three year-old was also triumphant in the A.J.C. Derby. Bulginbar de- feated him in the Maiden Plate, but this was attributed to the colt running in plates. Those who witnessed the Melbourne Cup of 1866 will never for- get how gallantly he fought it out with Exile, and defeated him. Then he won the Champion Stakes on New Year's Day, but injured one of his feet so severely that he had to have a spell, but was brought out for the A.J.C. St. Leger, which was won by Fishhook, but it was evident that The Barb was a long way from being himself, and it was some time ere he recovered from the gruelling. In the fol- lowing season, however, he came out again, and won the V.R.C. Port Plillip Stake, which took the place of the Champion Stakes on New Year's Day. Then he crossed the Strait, and ran in the Launceston Champion Stakes, which vas won by his stable companion Fireworks; but on the second day, the subject of my notice won the Town Plate. He did not ap- pear again in public until the Sydney Cup was run, and with 8st 121b upon his back he won cleverly. On the last day of the meeting he met Tim Whiffler in the Queen's Plate, and beat him very easily, but on returning to scale it was fould that Stanley was 21b short of weiglht, and the stakes were awarded to Tim Whiffler. He then went into winter quarters, but in the spring he carried 9st 101b and easily won the Metropolitan Stokes. He met Tim Whiffler in the Craven Stakes, and as the distance was only a mile and a quarter, it was thought that Mr. De Mestre's horse would stretch his neck, but he hadn't the ghost of a show with "The Demon," as The Barb had been christened, for he settled the bay crack in a few strides, and won in a canter by two lengths. Then on the last day of the meeting he won the Randwick Plate. Mr. Tait brought him over to the V.R.C. Spring meeting, and noth- ing facing him for the Royal Park Stakes he walked over. Then he won the Port Phillip Stakes on New Year's Day. Such a reputation had he gained by his brilliant performances that when the weights appeared for the next Sydney Cup he was handicapped at 10st 81b, and this, it was thought, would stop him; but Mr. Tait was in no way dismayed, and declared that he would win. The public followed him, and the horse started favorite at 8 to 1. Hold- ing a good position throughout, he came to the front at the home turn, and won easily. He wound up his glorious career by winning the Queen's Plate. Although The Barb stood only about 15 hands he possessed more wonderful muscular development than any thoroughbred horse I ever saw, and I can easily understand Mr. Tait's asser- tion that he was such a wonder he did not know how good he was. Great expectations were formed of him as a sire, but he turned out a failure, Tocal being the best horse he ever got. "Augur," in the Australasian. 