TOPICS OF THE DAY. Listen to me, and if you speak me fair I'll tell you news, indifferent good to either. 'Twas past the hour of midnight, when ghosts are said to walk, and dark --- no star or moonlight \--- and sounds, 'twas common talk, had recently affrighted and caused brave hearts to quake if lucklessly benighted---sounds phantoms always make ; uncanny, weird and drearful, made every body fearful, and few would venture out from twelve till dawn of morning--but my unlucky fate compelled (in spite all warning) my being out so late. Returning from "a meeting," alone by churchyard drear my heart with tremor beating, wild fancies in my ear, when lo ! a sound appal- ling ! so human-like a moan sets all my blood a-crawling-my hair on end, a groan ! * * * At last my pluck returning, with trembling step I turn, all curious to be learning what gave me " such a turn," and cautiously draw nearer until I've groped my way close up-the sounds are clearer--ah, how I wish 'twas day! My trembling fingers fumble, at last I find a match, and still that awful mumble of moans my ear will catch. A man ! Oh horror ! lying, unconscious, moaning still---I wonder, is he dying ? Beyond all human skill ? [Acting the part of a good Samaritan, I lift him up tenderly, raise him with care, and eventually manage to get him to my humble dwelling.] I put him in in my little bed, but still, those dreadful moans are all that tell me he's not dead-monotonous, those monotones. * * * I dose, I bathe, I rub, in vain, no consciousness appears, and death, it seems, must end his pain, 'tho strong, and young in years; a swarthy visage, well-knit frame, and hands so black, [ guess, a sweep or smith-but how he came to get in "such a mess?" It bothers me! Sure, such as he could scarcely be a victim of any foul play yet, to see the state in which I picked him up it seemed conclusive --- surmising is delusive. * * * At length o'er all sleep gently steals and binds her healing fetter --- His breathing even --- now he feels, I think, a little better. He sleeps, and those poor lips apart, so parched, and tongue so dry I'll try and moisten --- what a start! He shivers will he die ? * * * He trembles now in every limb, and tries, in vain, to rise ; I wish he would but close those lips, or open those closed eyes * * * He tries to speak, amid those groans he might as well be dumb --- he gasps --- I listen yes, he moans.---'. Gi' us A DROP MORE RUM !" I was a fool for my pains. With morning light came a revelation. He was an engine-driver on the railway, and, being hopelessly drunk, had, while stopping at a station, left the stoker in charge and got off to procure " a refresher;" but not showing up again --- which is explained by the state in which I found him --- some substitute had, after a considerable delay, been obtained and the train sent on. Next day's paper had it, " A sad fatality (it is feared) occurred on the railway last night. The driver of the mail train, who, it seems, was in a very delicate state of health, appears to have fallen, in a fainting condition, from his engine. The body has not yet been dis- covered, and there is little hope of his having escaped a horrible and instant death. This will account for the train having been rather behind its time." There are several morals to this affect ing tale; two of them will have to suffice for the present, (1) Nervous persons should discriminate between the visitations of ghosts and the effects of SPIRITS. (2) A plentiful supply of grog should be carried on every engine to prevent the neces- sity of a man leaving his post. Professor Wallace, who fills the Chair of Agri- culture at Edinburgh, speaking in Sydney last week, said he would suggest that two school farms should be established, one in the imme- diate neighbourhood of Sydney, where a thoroughly-well-qualified man might be placed, whose services might be employed in teaching schoolmasters. Rookwood might form a centre, and a good school-farm might be established on the Hawkesbury River, where there was much better soil. If the Government were to establish such school-farms, he felt confident that great good would result therefrom. He hoped to be able to congratulate them in the immediate future on the establishment of a Department of Agri culture. Throughout the whole of Professor Wallace's interesting speech, the importance of this department, and the necessity for the estab- lishment of agricultural colleges and school farms were made manifest, and it appeared strange to him, no doubt, as it appears to all persons who have taken the trouble to think the matter out, that some such step in this direction has not long ago been made in this colony. Agriculture is just as much an art and a profession as watch making is, and this fact was, I think, very clearly demonstrated by Mr. Angus Mackay in his recent lecture on " Manures," delivered at the Windsor School of Arts. He pointed out very clearly that unless our farmers in prospective are taught their business, just as an apprentice is instructed in the art of watchmaking, they can never hope to attain a better position than they at present occupy, they can never reap that rich reward which should be theirs, and they can never possibly render the soil as productive as it would be in the hands of experienced and scientific agri- culturalists. The Government who will be first to bring practical legislation to bear upon this most important question will earn the lasting regard of all those thousands of people who work the land, and produce from it all that is necessary for the maintenance of our rapidly- growing popu- lation. Mr. Mackay's analysis, published in the last issue of the GAZETTE, of sediment left by the recent flood, should prove instructive to the far- mers of this district, and if it has come too late to be useful to them just now, they will at least be able to utilise the knowledge they have acquired should occasion unfortunately demand it in the future. Of 100 parts, this sediment has been found to contain no less than 80 of ammonia, the presence of large a quantity of which renders it of " excellent value as top-dressing, it being of extra ordinary quickness for stimulating the growth of garden crops especially, and also for corn, lucerne, &c.;" Thousands of tons of this sediment have been scattered over the agricultural land of the district, and no doubt the ensuing harvest will be rendered ten-fold productive in consequence. To show what value Mr. Mackay, himself a practical as well as a theoretical agriculturalist, attaches to manure of this kind, a careful reading of his recent analysis will show that in his opinion " it would be worth while carting long distances, and is worth fully £20 for the quantity left on each acre by the flood." The advice given by this gentle man, as to the disposal of the sediment referred to, has no doubt been followed by many farmers in this locality, but if any have neglected their opportunities to date they should no longer do so. for, as Mr. Mackay says, unless at once turned under the soil, the ammonia must evaporate and be lost, and thus the earth will be deprived of a great and necessary stimulant. I notice that Warden de Boos, of Milparinka, has retired from the Civil Service. Mr. Charles de Boos is a man with an interesting history, but like most of the best men in Australia, he has these long years been stowed away in some of the very hottest corners of this colony. He was born in London, May 24, 1819 and was educated in Addiscombe College, near Croydon. He served in the British Legion in the Carlist war during the years 1835-6-7, and arrived in Australia in 1839. He was Government shorthand writer in Victoria from 1851 to 1856; was connected with the "Sydney Monitor," " Sydney Gazette," " Herald," and " Melbourne Argus." He wrote the "Stockman's Daughter," published in "Peo- ple's Advocate," " My Holiday," " Moruya," " Corncobs," " Australian Ghosts," " Christmas and other Sketches," " Correspondence of John Smith, of Congewoi," " Randon Notes," " Col- lective Wisdom" (Parliamentary sketches) for the " Sydney Morning Herald," and " Fifty Year's Ago," a novel. In December, 1874, he was appointed a Warden of the New South Wales goldfields, which position he has just relinquished. His "Correspondence of John Smith, of Conge- woi " will be remembered by many old residents of Windsor, as in his excellent papers he more than once touched up many of the old identities of this district. For years the real name of the writer was successfully kept secret, and a deal of speculation was indulged in by those who smarted under his lash as to what manner of man the writer was. Who tried to burk, but tried in vain, The Water Scheme, because the rain Had filled his tanks, and who again Has still got water on the "brain ?" Who tackles Aldermen and Mayor, ('Cause he's not able to get there), Heaps ridicule upon the "Chair," Fights always foul and never fair ? Who set the people by the ears, And kept them thus these many years, Who never to a friend endears Himself, but lives upon their fears ? Who sneers at all that's good and great, Whose theories are all out of date, Who ne'er was found to advocate A principle, without a "bait ?" Who when excited can't keep cool, Who thinks his fellow-man a fool, Or each opponent dubs a "tool " (He measures them with HIS own rule) ? Who boasts and blunders on his way, Who o'er this world ne'er shed a ray Of light, but rather darkens day By reason of his presence. Tea! I really cannot say. An excellently-written paper on "Eminent men of New South Wales - Mr. John Tebbutt, F.R.A.S." appears in the current member of "The Sydney Quarterly Magazine. The name of the writer does not transpire, but from the general tone of the paper, and the many richly-deserved complments passed upon the subject, it is plainly demonstrated that the author is one who has watched Mr. Tebbutt's career and one who has noted the many' almost unsurmountable difficulties against which he had to contend in the pursuit of that knowledge which now stands him in such stead. He is one also who recognises the fact that Mr. Tebbutt's wonderful success in the science of which he is so ardent and earnest a student, should act as an incinitive to the young men of espective spheres of labour, to emulate so excel- lent an example. I cannot resist the temptation to quote a few short passages from the paper alluded to, feeling sure that they will be read with deep interest by all. The record of Mr. Tebbutt's early life is one of trials, troubles, and hard and con- tinuous application, but by dint of perseverance, zeal and the unflagging industry for which he was always remarkable, he overcame them all, and he stands forth to- day, to quote the sketch from the "Quarterly," as one of the greatest of Australia's sons - one of whom she should be proud, " one who has, almost unaided, placed himself on a level with the most eminent astronomers of the day, and who has caused a little country town to be considered of sufficient importance to find a place on the list of observatories recognised by the astronomical authorities of the world." Now to give a few quotations from the paper, just to show exactly what the writer thinks of Mr. Tebbutt:-" Mr. Tebbutt's education, as far as out side agencies were concerned, ceased at the early age of fifteen. Thenceforth he had to depend upon himself alone, and indeed as to hiB chief and paramount subject, Astronomy, Mr. Tebbutt is self- taught, his only help being derived from the Rev. W. Scott, M.A.. afterwards Government Astronomer for New South Wales. It is needless to say that such facts only enhance Mr. Tebbutt's reputation. They speak for themselves of his wonderful ability, energy and application. The difficulties which he must have surmounted cannot be realised by persons not conversant with Astronomy and the study of the higher mathematics which it demonds. Only a born mathematician, who had the practical power of doing for himself what was needed to accomplish his objects, and a man of great mechanical inven tiveness and skill, could do with all the advantages of the highest teaching what this then obscure Australian boy did unaided. And now he has a worldrwide reputation, and is in correspondence with all the learned societies of Europe in his branch of Science, and famous as the first discoverer and computer of the orbit of the great comet of 1861, through the tail of which the earth actually passed. What must have been the enthusiasm In the mind of the young observer, then only twenty-seven years of age, as he realised the fact of his great dis- covery, and still more as his calculations informed him how close the comet was approaching the earth ? Truly it was a reward for his labour such as he could hardly hare expected, and it is not given to lower minds to know the high fellings of almost celestial delight at such an event. It is a pleasure not. low and debasing such as those of earth, but high and soul-inspiring,1 pure and unal loyed, which raises the mind to higher spheres. It is not possible to enter into the overpowering emo- tion of a Kepler on the discovery of the great laws which bear his name unless we are within approach able distance of his intellectual capacities, and can follow in some way the subject he had made his own." And again, in conclusion, the writer says, "To discuss Mr. Tebbut's works would be to discuss | exhaustively contemporary Astronomy for the last thirty years, and the life of man without his works is of little value. Mr. Tebbutt shows un an example of unflagging zeal, untiring patience and wonder ful industry .linked with the highest abilities abilities, however, which but for his patient and laborious toil, needful to master the elements of his Science, would have rendered him but little seri&e;, and for such qualities he is a pattern to all. He has achieved a fame of which the honour is as great as itself, and has been recognised by those best able to judge as a man worthy of the highest renown in the great domain of Astronomy." Well might the man be proud of whom so much that is good has been written, and not only the man but Australians generally and natives of this district in particular, for they must recognise in Mr. Tebbutt a countryman whose works have not only rendered him famous in scientific circles of the new and the old worlds, but have brought into prominence the oldest- settled district in the new country. There are more relics of legal barbarism hang ing about the printing press than any other insti- tution ; which is strange, considering that it is generally allowed to be one of the greatest palladiums of liberties ever devised. The art of printing saw the light when kings were tyrants | and any attempt to enlighten the people was con sidered a blow at constituted authority, and con sequently its early growth was watched with' much misgiving, and its usefulness impaired as much as possible by stringent enactments really intended to be prohibitive of any expression of opinion that ran counter to the will of the sovereign power, I,E., the throne and its sycop hantic favourites and mercenary upholders. For this reason many, nay, most, of the laws regarding the publication of anything, were of a penal nature, and though some of them have been re pealed, a great many more stand to-day intact in the statute-book, ready to be used as engines of oppression. It is admitted that this is the case, and periodically loud cries. go up in indignation and re'irtonstrance against such an outrageous state of things; but the wind and fury subside like a summer gale, and the printer is left again, the victim to any malicious person who seeks the offices of some Judge with good enough memory to think up an obsolete, but still applicable enact ment to fit him. It would be just as reasonable to make rator-grindrag a penal offence because people can cut their throats with them, as to, in any fashion, constitute printing or publishing , r ifc.,., . I, .if - - - - punish the issuing of anything slanderous, of libellous, or obscene, on the grounds of its being so, is right enough ; but to retain latent, but still potent, laws, capable of being developed into scourges, is quite opposed to the liberal spirit of the age that characterises everything else. We have been long promised legislation in the shape of repeal and revision of these loathsome fetters of the press, and that man who abstains from the free- fighting and grabbing of office that our politics resolve themselves into, to do something practical towards casting them off, will deserve the thanks of the craft and the whole community. That ridiculous proposal, the construction of a tramway from Sackville Reach to Windsor, has again cropped up, just at a time when it was thought that the agitation had died a natural death. Now, it would be well for all who have got hold of this particular craze to think the matter over before they take any steps towards bringing the matter again before the authorities. In the first place the work will cost at least £20,000. Where is the traffic to come from that will even pay interest on this amount, let alone1 working expenses. If the argument used by some of the good people of Sackville Reach-that Sydney being a better market than Windsor, they prefer to send their produce there-is a valid one, then they give themselves away completely on this tramway question; because it ineans that if Sydney is superior as a market now, then it must be much more so when high rates of carriage by rail will have to be paid before produce can be got into Windsor market at all. As a matter of fact, we all know that haulage by rait costs double and treble the amount charged for water, carriage, and if the Hawkesbury River people are not prepared to send their produce to Windsor by water-on account of the bad returns they receive-they will not be such unmitigated fools ?as to forwara it by the tramway, which some of them are being led to believe they will get. One side of the Hawkesbury only would be touchea by a tramway, and those farmers who reside on the other will be placed at a decided disadvantage. Then, again, it is not likely that the authorities: would consent to run a railroad costing £20,000 along the bank of a river, when the waterway,, which affords a cheaper means of carriage, may be rendered navigable for £8000, and will need no further cost in the way of working expenses or the like. The tramway farce is about played out,, and, all the petitions which can be produced in its favour will not induce practical men, such as our present Minister for Works or the Railway Commissioners, to -give it a moment's considera-' tion. We have enough white elephant tines just now, without imposing further burdens on the taxpayers. Some men have a sort of inverted pride ill showing to the public at large the peculiar endow ments with which a generous nature hasentrusteJ them for playing the fool under all circumstances1 and at all times. They are distraught and dis satisfied if they cannot exhibit their buffooneries. They carry about with them aroma of the sawdust and naDhtha lamp. In the language of the ener getic Mr. Bowser, they only require a red ochre and a trapeze to be a travelling circus. There is one member in the Assembly of one of the colonies-perhaps this colony,^ perhaps the next-who seems to be related to this branch of the human family. He breaks out at unexpected points into a rash, and in an institution^ which credulous mortals believe to be the most dignified" under the sun plays the poor fool. Every nowr and then he gives a fresh exhibition. Now it is* in the shape of an invective that crosses the borderland of the coarse and caddish, and is rank with the strength of a larrikmistic personality. Grey hairs win no respect from him ; fie lacks or smothers the instinct of the gentlemen. Again he poses as a humourist, but the humour is of the music-hall type and smacks of the casino. He bandies words with the Speaker, when a boy. could tell him he is in the wrong. He apologises at last, because he has not the courage^ to carry his.bravado through. . But his apology is that of the bully-not of a man who recognises that an apology,, when one is due. elevates instead of lowering the character. His idea of legislative responsibility is soaked through and through with mud, and he is nowise averse to exhibit^ its muddiest side. Of true and dignified conceptions of what is owing to the House and the people, he seemingly has not a vestige. He does not re present the average elector, he does not even re present the tenth grade section-he represents vulgarity, offensive egotism, blatent ignorance, red-ochred clownishness, public-house-corner" blackguardism, and inveterate buffoonery. A metropolitan paper, in a recent article, denies that Sir John Robertson can exercise" any of the privileges which every free man enjoys, that of giving expression to his opinions on the great political questions of the day-and this because when he retired he was voted £10,000 by the Assembly. The great bulk of the people were opposed to this vote, but it was given uncon ditionally. and to expect that because he received it, Sir John Robertson should be practically dead, as far as politics are concerned, is to expect a course that no honest, outspoken man will agree to follow. This is restriction of the great principle of freedom of speech with a vengance. and shoul(f it succeed we would no doubt have the dormant political party purchasing the silence of sode oT its more critical opponents and thus releasing 