LEGENDS ABOUT TREES. Tunas, in the earlier stages of society, have uniformly been the fertile subjects of poetical and mythological allusion. Many of the prettiest legends of the en a tiquity, as well as of ofCrt ?aii|? genitors relate to trees; siahile o gots ..xi ' ( i ? datdge lfc! oborrot\ed froim týt fr'tsnost brilliant images aht com !aris~ ns Some of lhe sevaried allusions, gleante froi various 'nuarters, we love 'htae tedowef i'ttthe be ief lhat tlteyi XlP be interesting to our reade ty begin with the apple-tree, so singu larlv connected with the tirst transgression and fall of man, and distinguished alike in the mythologies of the Greeks, Scandi navians, and Druids. The golden fruits of the Ilesperides, which it was one of the labours of Hercules to procure in spite of the sleepless dragon which guarded them, were believed by the pagans to be apples. Hercules was was worshlipped by the Thebans under the name of Melius (from the Greek IMdlon, an apple), and apples were offered at his altars. In the Scandinavian Edda we are told that the goddess Iduna had the care of apples which had the power of conferring immortality, and which were consequently reserved for the gods, who ate of them when they began to feel them selves growing old. t'Vhe evil spirit, Loke, took away Iduna and her apple-tree and hid them in a forest, where they could not be found by the gods. In consequence of this malicious theft everything went wrong in the world. The gods becamo old and infirm, andt, enfeebled both in body and mind, no longer paid the same attention to the affairs of the earth, and men, having no one to look after them, fell into evil courses and became the prey of the evil spirit. At length the gods, tindling matters get worse and worse every day, roused their last remains of vigour, and combining together, forced Loke to restore the tree. The Druids paid particular reverence to the apple-tree because the misletoo was supposed to grow only on it and the oak, and also on account of the usefulness of its fruit. In consequence of this feeling, the apple was cultivated in Britain from the earliest age of which we have any record, and Glastonbury was called the apple orchard, from the quantity of apples grown there, previous to the time of the Romans. Many old rites and ceremonies are therefore connected with this tree, some of.which are practised in the orchard districts even at the present day. The wassail bowl, drunk on All Hallow E'en, Twelfth Day Eve, Christmas Eve, and on other festivals of the Church, was com pounded of ale, sugar, nutmeg, and roasted apples, which every person partook of, each taking out an apple with a spoon and then drinking out of the bowl. Tho-eistom of bobbing for apples on All Hallow E'en, and on All Saints' Day, which was formerly common over all Englafid, is still prac tised in some parts of Ireland. A kind of hanging-beam, which was continually turning, was suspended from the iopf of the room, and an apple placed 0t one end and a lighted candle at the other. -The parties having their hands tied behind them and trying to catch the apples with their mouths, frequently caught the candle instead. In Warwickshire apples are tied to a string and caught at in the same man nor; but the lighted candle is omitted, and in the same countychildren roast apples on a string on Christmas Eve; tihe first who can catch an apple when it drops from the string getting it. In Scotland apples are put into a tub of water and then bobbed for with the mouth. The oak appears early to have been an object of worship among the Celts and ancient Britons. Under the form of this tree the Celts worshipped their god Baal, the Celtic god of fire, whose festival (that of Yule) was kept at Christmas, was also worshipped under the semblance of an oak. The Druids professed to maintain perpetual fire, and once every year all the fires belonging to the people were extinguished and re-lighted from the sacred tire of their priests. Thris was the origin of the TYle og, with which, even so lately as the middle of last century the Christmas tire in some parts of the country was always kindled, a fresh log being thrown on and lighted, but taken off before it was consumed, and reserved to kindle the Christmas fire of the following year. The Yule log was always of oak, and as the ancient Britons believed that it was essential for their hearth-fires to be renewed every year from the sacred fire of the Druids, so their descendants thought that some misfortune would befall them if any accident happened to the Yule lo.?o worship of the Druids was generally performed under an oak, and a heap of stones or cairn was erected on which the sacred tiro was kindled. Before the cere mony of gathering the mistletoe the Druids fasted for several days and offered sacrifices in wicker baskets or frames, whlbit, how ever, were not of willow, but of oak twigs curiously interwoven, and were similar to that still carried by Jack-in-the-green on May-dlay, which, according to some, is a relic of ?ruidism. The well-known chorus of "Hey, derry down," according to Pro fessor Burnet, was a Druidic chant, signi fying literally, "In a circle the oak move around." Criminals were tried under an oak tree, the judge with the jury being seated under its shade, and the culprit placed in a circle made by the chief Druid's wand. The Saxons also held their national meetings under an oak ; and the celebrated conference between the Saxons and the Britons after the invasion of the former was held under the oaks of Dartmoor. Tie mistletoe, particularly that which grows on the oak, was held m great vene ration by the Britons. At the beginning of their year, tihe Druids went in solemn pro cession into the forests, and raised a grass altar at the foot of the finest oak, on which they inscribed the names of those gods which were considered as tlhemost powerful. After this the chief Druid, clad in a white garment, ascended the tree, and cropped the mistletoe with a consecrated golden prun ing-hook, the other Druids receiving it in a pure whlite cloth, which they held beneath the tree. The mistletoe was then dipped in water by the principal Druid, and distri buted among tie people, as a .presrvative against witchcraft and desease.' If any part of the plant touched t2e ground, itwas considcred to be the omen of some dreadful misfortune which was about to fall:upon the land. The ceremony was always per formed when the moon was six days old, and two whito bulls were sacrificed at the conclusion. In Scandinavian mythology, Loke, the evil spirit, is said to have mtda the arrow with whichl he wounded Balder (Apollo), tle son of Friga (Venus), of mistletoe branches. Balder was charmed against injury from everything which sprang from fire, earth, air, and water; but the mistletoe, springing from neither, was found to be fatal, and Balder was not re stored to the world till by a general effort of the other gods. Tie magicl properties of the mistletoe are mentioned both by Virgil and Ovid. In the dark ages asimilar belief prevailed; and even to the present day the peasants of Holstein, and some other countries, call the mistletoe the "sI)ectr's wand," from the supposition, that holding a branch of mistletoo will not only enable a man to see ghosts, but to force them to speak to him. The custom of kissing under the mistletoe at Christmas has been handed down to us by our Saxon ancestors, who, on the restoration of Balder, dedicated the plant to their Venus (Friga), to place it entirely under hercontrol,and to prevent it from being again used against iher as an instrument of mischief. In tihe feudal ages it was gatlhered with great solemnity on Christmas eve, and hung up in the great hall with loud shouts and re Tle holly, like someo other evergreens, has longbeen used at Christmas for ornamenting churches and dwelling-houses. It appears to have been first made use of for tlhns pitr pose by tte early Christians at IRome, and was probably adopted for decorating the chulrchles at Clhrismas, because holly was used in the great festival of the Saturnalia, which occurred about that period. It was customary among the Romans to send boughs or holly, during the Saturnalia, as emblematical of good wishes, with the gifts tlhey presented to their friends at that season; and the holly came thus to be con sidered as an emblem of peace and good will. The ivy was dedicated by the ancients to Bacclhus, whose statues are generally found crowned with a wreath of its leaves, and as the favourite plant of the god of wine its praises have been sung by almost all poets, whether ancient or modern. Many reasonss have been given for the consecrations to Iacchus of this plant. Some poets say that it was because the ivy has tte effect of dissipdtiag the fumes of tino; others, becausle it wras once his favourito yoottllt Cissns; and others, because it is said that the ivy, if planted in vineyards, will destroy the vines, and that it was thus doing an acceptable service to that plant to tear it up and wreath it into chaplets and garlands. The most probable, however, ems to be that the ivy isfiound at Nyssa, th reputed birthplace of Ialihus, and in .other part of India.".The aniicet Greek p(iests presented a wreath of ivy to newly mirried persons nsa symbolof the closeness of the tie which ought to bind them together, and Ptolemy.l'hilopater, king of -pt, ordered all the Jews who would abjure their religion and attach themselves to the superstitions of his country, to be branded with an ivy leaf. The ivy is symbolical of friendshtip, from the closeness of its adherence to the trees on which it has once fixed itself; hence, also, it has become a favourite device for seals, some of the best of which are a sprig of ivy with the motto, "I die where I attach myself," and a fallen tree covered with ivy, with the words, "Even ruin cannot separate us." Ivy is the badge of the Clan Gordon. The jasmine is no less celebrated for the delicacy of its odour and flowers than for the pretty love legend connected with its European history. The custom which pre vails in some countries of brides wearing jasmine flowers in tlheir hair, is said to have arisin from the following circum stance:-A grand duke of Tuscany had, in i609t, a plant of the deliciously-scentedl jas mine of Goa, which he was so careful of, that he would no stiffer it to be propagated. His gardener, however, being in love with a peasant girl in the neighbourhood, gave ter a sprig of this choice plant on her birthday; and hle having t:ughlt her how to make cuttings, shIe planted the sprig as a memorial of his affection. It grew rapidly, and every one who saw it, admiring its beauty and sweetness, wished to have a plant of it. These the girl supplied from cuttings, and sold them so well, as to obtain enough of money to enable her to marry her lover. The young girls of Tuscany, In remembrance of this adventure, always deck themselves on their wedding-day with a nosegay of jasmine; and they have a proverb, " that she who is worthy to wear a nosegay of jasmine, is as good as a for tune to her husband." The myrtle was an especial favourite among the ancients, by whom it was held sacred to Venus. The name is said to have been taken from thatof 31yrsine, an Athenian maiden, a favourite of Minerva, who, suffer ing love to overpower her wisdom, was changed into a myrtle by her offended mis tress, and taken pity on by Venus. Others say that Venus, when shetfirst sprang from the bosom of the sea, had a wreath of myrtle round her head. The temples of this goddess were always surrounled by groves of myrtle; and in Greece sIte was adored under the name of Myrtilla. Pliny says that the Romans and 8abines, when they were reconciled, laid down their arms under a myrtle tree and purified themselves with its boughs. Wreaths of myrtle were the symbols of authority worn by the Athenian magistrates, and sprigs of it were entwined with the laurel wreaths worn by those conquerors, during their triumphs, who had gained avictory withoutbloodshed. The rose has been a favourite subject with the poets in all countries. and in all ages, and in mytlhological allusions it is equally fertile. It was dedicated by the Greeks to Aurora as an emblem of youth from its freshness and reviving fragrance and to Cupid as an emblem of fughcity and danger from the fleeting nature of its charms and the wounds inflicted by its thorns. It was given by Cupid to Ilarpo crates, the god of silence, as a bribe to prevent him from betraying the amours of Venus; hence it was adopted as a symbolical of silence. The rose was for this reason frequently sculptured on the ceilings of drinking and feasting rooms as a warning to guests that what was said in moments of conviviality should not be repented; front which what was intended to be lept secret was said to be told "under the rose." The Greek poets say that the rose was originally white, but that it was changed to red- according to some, from the blood of Venus, who lacerated her feet with its thorns when rushing to the aid of Adonis, and according to others, from the blood of Adonis himself. The fragrance of the rose is said by the poets to be derived from a cup of nectar thrown over it by Cupid, and its thorns to be the strings of the bees with which the are of his bow was strung. Another fable relating to the birth of the rose is, that Flora, having found the dead body of one of her favourite nymphs, whose beauty could only be equalled by her virtue, imllored the assistance of all the gods and goddesses to aid her in changing it into a flower which all otlhers should acknowledge to be their queen. Apollo lent the vivifying power of his beams, Bacchlus bathed it in nectar, Vertumnus gave its perfume, Po mona its fruit, and Flora herself its dindom of flowers. A beetle is often aepresented on antique gems as expiring surrounded by roses, and this is supposed to be an emblem of a man enervated by luxury-the beetle being said to have such an antipathy to roses that the smell of them will cause its death. Among the Romans the rose was an especial favourite. They garnished their dishes with it, wore garlands of it at their feasts, strewed their banqueting apartments with its leaves, and their ladies used rose water as a perfume. Throughout the East it was still more extensively celebrated ; the poetical allusions and legends relating to the rose being numerous enough to fill an ordinary volume. That which represents the nightingale as singing for its love, is perhaps the prettiest, and has given rise to some of the most exquisite verses both in our own and in the Persian language. The origin of the fable is thus told in the Lanyuagc of I'lotcers:-" In a curious frag ment by the celebrated poet, Attar, entitled Bulbul Nameh--the Book of the Nightin gale-all the birds appear before Solonion, and charge the nightingale with disturbing their rest, by the broken and plaintive strains which he warbles forth all the niglht in a sort of phrensy and intoxication. The nightingalo is summoned, questioned, andl acquitted by the wise king,because the birdn assures him thal his vehement love for the ros5 drives him to distraction, and causes hni to break fortlh into those passionate and touching complaints which are laid to his charge." T Pe siians also assert that " the nigstingalsin spring flutters round the rose bushes, uttering incessant complaints, till, overpowered by the strong scent, the deeps stuplfiod on the ground." -Theo Catholic Churc hs also addedl con siderably to the legendlary hlistory of the rose, golden rose was considered so honourable a-present, . lthat none but crowned heads were thought worthy either to give or to receive it- Meoses of tlhis kind wero sometimes consecrated by the Popes on Good Friday, and given to-such poten tates as it was their particular interest or wish to load with favours; thIe flower itself being an emblem of the mortality of the body, and the gold of which It was com posed, of the immortality of the soul. The custom of blessing the rose is still preserved in Rome, and the day on which t~he cere y i performed is called "Dominica in OSl." rose was always considered as a mystical emblem of the tathlolic Church, and enters into the composition of most of their ecclesiastical ornauments. As a symbol of beauty and innocence, it was customary, in some counlries, to award a crowi of roses to the girl who alhould be aclaow ledged by all the competitors to be the most amiable, modest, and dutiful in their native village-a custom which, till lately, was annually performed in some districts of Fmrance. In tie middle ages, the knights at a tournament wore a rose embroidered on their sleeves, as an emblem that gentleness should accompany courage, and tlat beauty ,was the reward of valour. About this period, the rose was considered so precious n France, tlat in several parts of the country none but the rich and powerful were allowed to cultivate it; but in later times we find it mentioned among the rights of manors, that their owners were em powered to levy a tax, or tribute, on their tenants, of so many bushels of roses, which were used not only for making rose-water, but for covering the talles with, instead of napkins. The French parliament had for merly a day of ceremony, called "Baillee de Roses," because great quantities of roses wenre then presented. IIow many a man, by throwing himself to the ground in despair, crushes and destroys for ever a thousand flowers of hope that were ready to spring up and gladden all I his pathway. IN Persin, when a man is convicted of robbery, they put him in a brick tankl by the roadside, pour plaster of paris irouril him till he is suffocated, aied leave him standing there hermetically sealed up as a warning to all who pass that way. 