Falitfly, the Colt. Little Fanny was motherless, having been discovered in an open field beside her dead mother. Blfore she was a year old she could open the door to her own i'bom and go to bed alono. She did not quite understrnd the fastcnings from the inside, and had to b e ot ouin the morning. The children, there were six, thought her a nmost wonderful baby, and claimed her as their own. T'e boys had taught her to taks off their caps wi:h her teeth, hbake hlanda with her feet, and do meny other cute thing~. But when she was four years old she had to work, for Panny was only a horse, after all. Never wa. she driven excepet by one of the family, and she really acted as if she li;ked to go. \\\'hen the buggy was drawn out the would give a -ittle pleased whinny and step de.intily abot as it impatient to be off. And when once on the roant disliked, of all things, to take, the dust from another vehicle. The children were a cronpy sot, and a physician was often called, Fanny being the bores to be ridden every time; and so well had she le;rned what was wanting if a saddle was placed hastily upon her back, she only waited for a rider, and without a hint from the rein, bounded off in the direction of the doctor's atlco ; returning, she jogged leisuerely home. It was a sad day for the family when one morning no glad whsinny greeted the onewho went to feed her. She nad been stolen. Two other horses had been taken from a neighbor at the nlame time, and'he bemoaned them as ro much money lost. But the joint owners ot Yanny grieved as if a friend were dead; to her it might be eken worse than death. " For how could the taker be other. wire than cruel?" they asked. A the-rouglt ecarch was made, but no clue obtained, and the horses were given up r.e lost. The older children strove to be brave, but the younger ones could not keep"back the teors when spehbking of "poor Fanny," and the re.other was shocked one evening to hear four-year-old Btseio add to her infant rayerr: "And pleane, God, send Fanny eacr." 'the klissed the child tenderly and whise Speared; " 1f we cannot have Fanny we will nave another horse to tabs her placeo, my dear." "But it wouldn't be her, mammal I want just Fanny," nod sho laid her face in a:nmma's lap and sobbed, as she had done many times since the los. A few days later, as the family were at breakfast, Nora, the girl, rushed into the room, exclaiming : "If yo place, mum, Fanny's in the stable, or else 'tis her ghost, cure I I wint to find the clo'ce-pins lost last night, and as I wint a-ncar the barn I hearn a whin.now as like hern ao two paoe, and" but before she had concluded every eat was empty and all had hurried to the barn. Tne stable door was opened, and forth stepped Fanny to be bhugged and kissed as never before. She still wore her halter, from which a 'broken strap dangled, showing how she had released herself, and, once free, her presence .n her own stallwas no mystery. An officer was duly notified, and taking her tracks Ihe went about five miles along the eeach of the lake, where, in the bluff over. banging a ravine, he found a sort of care ihere the two otherhorsea were still tied. Fanny had broken her halter, opened the wide'door that swung in, pushed her way " hrough the brush piled against it, and hurried home to her own stable. The horses must have been taken to their hiding-place by being led along the water's edge to conceal their tracks, and their food conveyed to them by boeet. Tie thief was not caught, more is the pity. Evidently seeing the signs of Fanny's escape he was only too glad to escape himself. The owner of the two horoes suggested that Fanny ought to have a medal, but upon being shown a lump of sugar she uttered a decided neigh, and then munched her sugar in silence, 