THE ,,UNJ1AN. A NEW SAGA. Br ILALL CAI?E, Author of "The DIea?ter," ' A Son of Deger," "The hadow of a Crime,'" etc., ate. CHAPTER IX (CorLoUrnn.) TIIH COSOIt or JS.LN. The two bright lights that led the vessel to 'er ruin came from the two little bays that lie under the Maughold Hfead. The light in Port. y-Vullinl was in the hut of Stephen Orry, who had lit haLasmpsand pacedl it m the window I when he went out to bid farewell to -Michael Sunlocks, thinking no evil thereby to any man but only that it would guide him home again when hi should return to the boat. The light in Port Lague was from the cottage of theree old net weavers, who had lived there without i woman or girl, or chick or child, through more than fosty sears. Two of three were brothers, Danny ao1 Je:mny Kewley, both oversevolnty Sears o!d, and their housemate, who was ninety, and had been a companion of their a father, was known as Juan MacLady. Danny and Jemmy still worked at the looms year in year out, every working hour of the day and right, and Juan, :o past other labour, cooked and sewed cleaned for them. Alt three had grown dim of sight, and now groped i about like tlree old earthworms. Every year for five years past they had needed an extra candle to work by, so that eight tallow dips, made in their own iron mould, swung from h the open roof rafters over the meshes on that night when the Peveril struck on the Conch. It was supper time, though old Danny and old Jemmv were still at the looms. Old Juan had washled out a bowl of potatoes, filled the pot with them, hung them on the chimney hook and stirred the peats. Then to make them boil the quicker he had gone out w?th the tongs to C the side of the house for some dry gorse trom thegorje heap. While ther he e had peered t through the darkness at the bay for the light on Point of Ayro, and had missed it, and on going back he had said : " It's out ogain. That's the third lime in aide a month. I'llgo bail something will halp?en He had got no answer, and so sat down on the c three-legged stool to feed the tire with gorse lifted on the tongs. When the potatoes had boiled, he had carrined them to the door to dram n them, and then with the click-clack of the levers behind him, he had thought he V heard, over the deep boom and splash of the sea in front, a voice like a crr. to Going indoors he had said, " Plague on the 'ater-bailiff and commissioners and khays and amOncils. I'll go blil there's smuggling going i oanunder their very noses. I'd have the lat on e the lot of them, so I would." Old Danny and old Jemmy knew the temper i of their housemate-that he was never happy save when he had somebody to higgle with--so they paid no heed to his mutterings. But when Juan, having set the potatoes to steam with a r-g spread over them, went out for the t herrings to where they hung to dry on a stick against the sunny side of the porch, he was sure that above the click of the levers, the boom, and splash of the sea, and the whistle of the wsind, he conld heara clamorous shout of many voices, I likeawild cry of distress. Then he hobbled r bak with a wizened face of deathly pallor and I tolc what he had heard, and the shettles were opped, and there was a silence in the little I SIt went by me same as the wind," said old a Jana. "Maybe it was the nightman," said old Danny. At that old Jemmy nodded his head very a voaely, and old Juan held on to the lever t bndles; and through those precious minutes when the crew of the schooner were fighting in the gripof death in the darkness, these three old men, their nearest fellow creatures, half a dea, half blind, were held in the grip of super- . atitions fears. ,t There again," cried old3Jun ; and through t the door that he had left open the same cry s ome in above roar of wind ?ad sera. ' " It's men that's yander," said old Jemmy. c Ay," said oldDanny. cC Maybe it's a ship on the Caick," said old '"Let's away andlook," said old Jemmy. And then the three helpless old men, rembling and affrighted, straining their dim ayes to see and their deaf ears to hear, and'clinging to each other's hands like little children, groped their slow way to the beach. Do thre the crs were loude than they hadi beae on the brows above. "Merry me, let's away to Lague for the i boys," ?id oda Juan; and lrteing behind t them the voiced that cried for help, the old t mentrudled and stumebei through the dark I lanes, k Lage as asleep, but the old men knocked, h and thewindows were opened and night-capped oead thrmt through. cry soon the house and -onrtyard echoed with many footsteps, and thle bell over the porch rang out throuFgh the night, to all up the neighbours far and t Boste and Stern end Thursten were the first c to reach the shore, and they found the crew of t the Peeril nnded-ever man safe and ssound, b htdeenobingwet with the water he hAdoed vi n through to sase his life. The schooner was n still on the Carck, lmuch injured already, I siung with every hurling sea on to the +hoal beneath her, ?od going to pieces fst h And now that help seemed to be no more I needed the people came flocking down o in crowds-the sirherothers, with Greeba, and all their men and maLds, emne Wade the Methodiot, with ChasPey At'illevr who had been seeeping a uight at his hmoue, 'ary Crowe, and Matt Mylcheesw and old Coobragh. And I while Davy Kerrusai shook the salt water from hissou'weter, and grfowle out to them with an oath that they had een a phguey long time eming, and the skiipper bemoaned the losof ne iis ship, and the men of their kits, Chaie was doan on his keen on the beach, ifting up his crazy, crark-ed voice in loud tlmbksgiving. At thatthe growling ended, and then Alshr Fair boother, who had ben the last to coe, invited the thiphroken men to Lague, and all together the- turned to follow him. Jan at that monment a cry was heard above the tumult of the sea. It was a wild shriek thatsemedl to echo in the lowering dome of the rky. Ge(ha was the first to Ihearit SThee is someone left on the ship," she vied. The men stopped and looked into each other's fa one by one. mNo," aid the skipper, " we're all here." 1 Thecry was heard once more ; it was a voice of fearful agony. "That's from Por'.-y-ullin," said .lder I FaPrbrothert; md to Port-y.c'llin they all hastened off, following the way of the heach. Thereit wa~e ay tosee .rom whene the cie 'S Oad tme. An oen finhing bot was louenr ag intheheavy sea, her stern half prnoing like i am unIbrohen hobne, and her forepat jamned between two hoems of the reck toot fork out I into the sea from ekughold Head. She h i cloely bisn making for the little bay, when she had faluen foal of te sahonal that li to the north of it Dark as the nigt wan, thel tea e and sky were lighter thea the blknk _sssltaod. end the tigure oi a mua ia the boat could be seen very pllaily. He was trying to unship the mast, thati' it might lighten the little craft and ease her offt ' the horns that held her likenvyce, hut every rmh wave drov her heva deeper into the tefot ad at each euin effort he shouted a?Tn ann again in age and ftar. boat was lying high and dry on the shore. Two of the Firhrothr mrs-Sten mcd Thur -to?n • -ran it into the water, jumped into it and poshes ofi. But the tide woe still nahing, the rmawa crunning h.gh, a low ground swell wes seoopins up the stonle aend tlngang at through theniir lihka sleet, and sm an instant the boat was cast back on the shore. ".No use, man," ahonted many veotes But Greeha cried. " Helpihelp. help t" She eecmed to be beside herself with saSpe'Mce Smne voge fear, beyond the thought of a man's life in peoil seemed to posse her. Did ahba now whet it was l She did noL She dared not fit her mind upon it. She was afraid of her own fear. But, low down withit .her, and ready at any moment et leap to her threat, was the dim ghost of a dread that he who was in the boat and in danger cf his life en the rock, might bovery near and dear to hser. With her hood faItenbank firom her headto her shoulders, she ,sn toend fro among the men on the beach, Ot'TSrl ,"He willbe lost, Wil no o uae But the oetler women elone tothe men, and -tha men shook their heads annsisweres, 'Hoe's past mrvng," nd" We've got wives and children looning to us,mins--and what's thuane of throwing-ourlide away 1" Stillthegrlcried " Help,"ean thenayoung fellow pushed through to whem she stood, and said, " Ho's too near forns to stkndhere and reehim die." "Oh, God bless and keep you for over and evar," cried Grenao ; and, lfdted mli letely out 'of alt self-control, she threw her arms about the young man and kissed him fer vently on the cheek. It was Jason. He shad found a rope and coiled one end ..f it about his wait, and held the • , ? hr t rare. other end in his hand. The touch of a GrNtu's quivering lips had bee am tire to o him. "Lay hold," he cried, and threw the ti loose end ox the rope to Thurslan Fairbrother. t At the next moment he was breast-high in the n sea. The man must haroe seen him coming, for ri the loud clamour ceased. " rave lad," said Greeba in a deep whisper. si "Brave is it ? It's mad, 'm caling it," said gi old Davy. " Who is it ?" said the skiper. e SThe young Icclhnder," said Davy. n "Nottthe lad Jason ?" "Aw, yes, though-Jason-the gawk, as f: they're saying. Poor lad, lre's a heart at i The people held their breath. Greeta co- b vered her eyes with her hands and felt an im. fh pulse to scream. Wading with strong strides, Ii and swimming with yet stronger strokes, Jason Ic reached the boat. A few minutes afterwards tI he a back on the shore, dragging the man after him, The man lay insensible in Jason's arms, bleed- p ing fron a wound in the head. Greeba stooped iis quickly to peer into his face in the dark. of ness, and then rose up and turned away witha tt sigh that was hke a sigh of relief. ' II's done for," said Jason, putting him A down. " Who ishe ?" cried a score of voices. ti " God knos. Fetch a lantern," said Jason. h " See, there's a light in old Orry'shut yonder' c Let's away there with him. Itwdill bothenearost place,'" said iuno Wadie. Then shoulder high they raised the in- C easible man and carred him to Stephen Ory's hut. " What aweight be is ?" said Kane Wade. d` " Slip along, somebody, and get the door 01 opened" u ChaL-e A'Killev ran on ahead. hr " Where's Stefihen, to-night, that he's not out e} with us at work same as tes ?" said Matt Myl chrlest. .t " He's been down here all week," puffed Nary Crowe. In another minute Chalse was knocking at the door, and calling loudly as he knocked. s " Stephen, Stephen, Stephen Orry." There came no answer, and he kocked again and called yet louder. "Stephen, let us in. There's a man here, t dying." w But ao one stirred within the house. " He's asleep," said one. "Stephen-Stephen Orry-Stephen Orry- wake up, man-can't you bear us ? Have you a no bowels, that you keep the man out " " Ile's not at home-force the door," Kane Wade shouted. One blow was enough. The door was fas tened only by a hemp rope wound round hasp ! on the outrsie, and it fell open with a crash. u Then the men with the burden staggered so into the house. They laid the insensible C: man on the eeoor, and there the light of the lti:ar that burned in the windowr fell upon his " lace. se "LoLrd-a-massy," they cried, " it's Stephen Orey h:.saLf." CILPTER X.a Tes ESD orF OrR. s When the tumult was over, and all lives appeared to be saved, and nothing seemed lost but the two vessel--the schooner and the yawl, it which still rose and fell en the Caeick and the ai forked reef of the head-and the people sepa rated. and the three old net-weavers straggled ' back to their home, the crew of the Peerril went off with the Fairbrothers to Lague. Great preparJtions were already afoot there, for Asher had sent on a message aheadl of them, and themaids were bustling about, the fire was rekindled in the kitchen, and the kettle was siiging merrily. And fijet there was a mouthful of grog, steaming hot, for o1 every drenched and dripping seaman, with a taste of toast to sweeten it. Thentherowas W getting all the men into a change of dry clothes in order that they might wait for a bite e of supper, and until beds were shuffled about L and shakedowns fetched out. And high was the sport and great was the laughter m at the queer shifts the house were put fe to that it might find clean rgging for w so many, on even so short a cruise. in When the six Fairbhrothero had lent all the L chap they had of breeches and shirts, the t mnras had to fish out from their trunks a few tk petticoats and some gowns, for the sailors still of unfurish?ed. But the full kit wasfurbished hi out at length, and when the ship's company m mustered down in the kitchen from the rooms w above, all in their motley colours and queer se mixture of garments, with their grize, faces wiped dry, but their hair still wetand lank and glistening, no ons could have guesed, from ec the loud laughter wherewith they looked w each other over, that only an hour be. to fore death itself had so nearly tricked st them. Like noisy children let out of school hi they all were, now that they were snugly in housed ; for asea.going man.however he mny ia kicked about on the sea, is not used to be down- K hearted on the land. Andif two or threeof the so company continued to complain of their mis- of fortunes, their growlngs but lent zest to the i merriment of the rest. So that they laughed w loud when old Davy, cutting a most ridictlous de figmre in a linaey-wolsey potUicoat and a linen bodice that would not meet over his hairs T: chest, began to grumble that he had followed T the sea lorty years and never been wrecked n, bhfore, as if that were the best of all reasons he why he heouldno: come by such rough harm bi noev, and a base advantage taken of him by Providence inhis old age. And louder still they laughed at the skipper I himself when, s'ill sorely troubled b hi toevil luck. he wanted to klow what alltheir thanking m God was for, since his 'ood ship lay a rotten fr hulk on a cruel reef: n iitit wa so verygood i of lrovidene to let them off that rock, it would i havebeenbetter far not to have let them on to it. And loudest of all they laughed, and lt lhughed again, when an Insh sailor told t them, with all his wealth of brogue, of a prover that he had overheard old Davy pray while they hung helpless on the s rock, thiiiking never to escape fnrom it. " Oh, Lord, only save my live this once, and pi I'll Emuggle no more," the 2Manman had cried; i " and it's not for myself but ould Betty [ ax it, t for Thou knowest she's ten vears dead in Maug. - hold churchlard, with twenty rolls of good t Scotch cloth in the grave atop of her. But I had nowhere ele to put it, and good Lord, only b, remember the last day, and save my life till I to dig it up from off her chest, for she was never tr a powerful woman." And the danger being over, neitherDav? nor , the skipper took it ill that the men should make t sport of theit groaniugs, for tlier laughed with m the rest, and together they waked a most reck- ci less upronr. V All this while, though Mrs. Fairbrother had not left her bedroom, the girls' feet had becn jigging about merrily over the white holy-stoned floor to get some supper spread, to and Greelu, hauing tapped Jason on the shoulder, had carried hir off quietly to the door of the parlour, and pushed him in there while she ran to get a light, for the room was dark. It was also cool, with crocks of milk standing for cream, and basins of egCs and kbokets of new-made cheese. And wsen she retrned with the candle in one hand, shaded by the luminous fingers of the other, aid ils bright light on her comely face, she would have loaded him withi every good thing the house con tau?t--collared head, and beef, and bin ieen and Manj jough, ane the back of the day's pudding. Nothing he would have, how ever, save nun thing, and that made great sport between them; for it was an egg, and he ato it raw, merely piercing it with the pin she lent him from her dress, and then scking it through the hole. At thast sightshe .sado pre tence to shudder, and then she laughed like a I bell, saying he was a wild man indeed, and she had thought so when she first set eyes on him on the shore, and already she was more than half afraid of him. Then they laughed again, she very slyly, he very bashfully, and while her bright eyese shone upon him she told him how like he was, now thatsheoawhiminthe light, to someaons else she knew of. He aaked her who that ws, and she answered warily, with something between a smile and a blush, that it was one I who had left the island that very night By this time the clatter of dishes mingled I withthlaughter and merry soieei that eame I from the other side of the hab, and the two went back to the kitchen. Asher FaLrhrother, who had beehn doazfg like a sheepdog in the ingle, was then rising to his feet, and saying, " And now for supper; and let it be country fashion, girls, at this late hour of the night" Country fashion indeed it was, with the long oak table scrubbed white liken butcher'e hoardt and three pyramids of potatoes, hoiled In tthelr jkets, to.ses OUt aits head amifoot and middle, three huge blocks of salt, each with its wooden spoon, laid down at the same spaces, and a plate with a boiled herring and a basin of nlast night's milk before evru e And the seamen shambled into their4I e ot; andtheimidg lipped about vsrlightly, taces, of the strange chance thlat had fetched them out ef their beds for work at dobule tides. And seeing the two coming back together d from the parlour, the banter of the seamen a took another turn, leaving old Dary for young Jasn, who was reminded of the kiasbe had earned on the ksamh, andaked f .ver k rdse a sailor lhd hcal ,,ot the like from a lady with out look or longing. Such was the flow of I their banter until Greeba, being abashed, and I too haod set to control the rich colour that mounted to her cheeks, fled laughing from the room to hide her confusion. But no rudeness was intended by the rude sea-dogs, and no offence was taken; for in that first hour, after tney had all been face to faoe with death, the barrier of manners stood for nothing to master or man or mistress or maid. But when the rough jest seemed to have otne far enough, and Jason, who had laughed at first, had begun to haog h heis ead-- sittiugjoust where Stephen Orry hoad sat when, long vears before, he took refuge in that house from the fourbluoejackets in pursuit of him--old Davy Kerruish got up and pulled his grizzled fore lock, and shouted to him above the tumultof the ret : "Nevermind thelobloll -boys,boy," 'hecried, "it's just jealous they nro, being so long out of practice; aod there's one thing you erln sa. pcnywao, and that's thtis-the first thing you did0 on setting foot in the Isle of Man was to save the life of a M;lxman." "Then here's to his right good health,"cried Asher Fairbrother. wsth his mouth in a basin of milk; and in that brave liquor, with three times three and the thud and thung of twenty hard fists on the table, the rough toast was calle, round. And in the midst of it, when Greeba, having conquered her maiden shame, had crept back to t the kitchen, and Mrs. Fairbrother, aroused at 1 length by the lightsemo hubbub, had come b down to put an end to it. the door of the porch opened, and crazy old Chaise A'Killey otoodt upon the threuhhold, very sle, pa?tcog for i breath, and with a ghastly light ic his sunken eyes, and cried, " lfe's dymg. Where's the young man that fetched him ashore? r e's crying out for him, and I'm to fetch him along wLth me straight away.' Jason rose instantly. " I'll go," he said, nod he snatched up a cap. " And I'll go with you," said Greeba, and ihe caught up a shawl. Not a word more was said. and at the next instant, before the others had recovered from their surprise, or the laughter and shouting were yet quite gone from their lips, the door had closeo again and the three were gone. Chaise in his eagerness to be hack strode on some paces ahead m the darknes, and Jason t and Greeba walked together. "Who is it ?" said Jason. " Do you knowe" "-No," said Greeba. "Chalse " shle cred, but the old man, with his face down, trudged along as one who heard nothing. She tripped up to him. and Jason walking behind heard the t sound of muttered words between them, but caught nothhlg of what pased. Dropping bck to Jason' side thegirl esid : " It's a I whoml nobody holds of ;much account, poor y soul." " What is he ." said Jason. " A smuggler, people say, or perhaps worse. His wife hau been long yar dead, mid he has lived alone ever since. shunned by most folks, and by his own son among others. It was his son who sailed to Iceland to-night." " Iceland? Did you say Icel? d ?" "Yes, Iceland. It is your o:n country, is it not ' But the hadn't lived with his father since he was a child. He was brought up by my own dear father. It was he who emd to he eo like to youea." Jason stopped suddenly in the dark lane. " What's the name ?" he asked, hoarsely. L"The son's ?mo ? ŽMichael." " 'Michael what i' " Michael Sunlocks." Jason drew a long breath, and strode on without a word more. Very soon they were outside the little house in Port-y.Vullin.' Chalse was thero before them, and he stood with the door ajar. d " VWhisht :" the old man whi?pered. "I e's ebbing fast Ile's going out with the tide. Listen!" They crept in on tip-too, but there was small need for quiet The place was a scene of dire ful uproar and most gruesome spectacle. It was all but as throng of people as it had been nineteen years before, on the day of 'Liza Lilley's wedding. On the table. the form. the three-leogg d stool, and in the chimney orner, they sat together cheek-by-jowl, with eyes full of awe, most of them silent or speaking low behind their hands. On the bed the injured mrn toy an- ad tossedia strong delirium. The wet clothes wherein he had pansed through the sea had been torn off, his body wrapped in a grev blanket, and the wound on his he.ul bandageon with a cloth. His lips were dis coloured, his cheeks were white, and his hair was damp with the sweat that ran in big drops to his face andneck. At his feet Nary Cowen stood, holding a horn cup of brandy, and by his head knelt Kane Wade, the Methodist, praying in a oud voice. "God bring him to Thy repentance," cried t Kane Wade; " retoro him to the joy of Thi salvation. The pains of hell have gotten hold of him. Hark how the devil is tearing him. HIe is like to the man with the unclean spirit, who had his dwelling among the tombs. The devil is gotten into him. But out wi thee, Satan, and no more two words about it ! Thanuks Ie unto God, we can wrestle with Thee in prayer. Gloom at us, Satan, but never will we rise from our knees until God bath givcun is the victory over thee, lost our brother fall into the jaws of hell, and our own souls be not free from blood-guiltiness." In this strain he prayed, shouting at the full pitch of the vast bellows of his lungs, nnd loudest of all when the delirium of the sick man was strongest, until his voice failed him from sheer exhaustion, ano then his lips still moved, and hI mumbled hoarsely beneath his breath. J:aon stood in the middle of the floor and looked on in his great sataure over the heads of the people about him, while Greeba, with quiet grace and gentle manners, thinned the little hut of some of the many with whom the dense air smoked and reeked. After that she lifted the poor restless, trembling, wet head from its hard pillow, and put it to rest on her own soft anrn, withher cool palm to the throbbing brow, and a then she damped the lips with brandy frome Nary Crowe's cup. This she did, and more 6 than this, seeming to ct away from her in a moment all her lightnrs, her playfulnes, her I bounding happy spirits, nd in the hour of nerd to find such tender offices cone to her, as to all true women, like anothersense. And presently the delirium abated, the 1 weary head lay- still, the bleared eyes opened. the diseolored lips pacted, and the injureds man tried to spak. Sut before ever a word could come, the change was seen by Kane Wade, who cried. "Thank God, he has found peace. Thank the Lord, who has given us the victory. Satan is driven out of himun. Mercy there is for the vilest of sinners." And on the top of that wild shout old Chaise struck up, without warning, miand in the craeiest speech that evercamne from human throat, a rugged hymnca of triumlph, wherein all the lines were one line and all the notes one note, but telling how the Lord was King over death and all the devils. Again and again he sang a verseof it, going faster at every repetitton, and the otherojoinee him, struggling to keep pace withlamo: allibt Greoha, who tried by ram motions tostop the tmnult. mld Jason, who looked down at the strange scene with eyes fill oif wonder. At 1 last the mad chorus of praise came to an end, and the sick man said, cooting his weak eves into the faces about hum, " ls he "He is here," whispered Grceba, and she motioned to Jason. Th_ lad pushed through to the bedside, and heonfor the &fattine; hte came face to face with Stephen urry. Did any voice, unheart of the others, cry in his ear at that moment, " Jason, Jason ! this is he whom you have rresed the oeas to slay, and he has sent foryou to bleus you, for the lajst ands of his life iae running out " " Leave us alone together," said Stephen Orre; and Greeha, after boating out his piflow uncsett!ing his .hed on it, was aboutto mono atwo. when he whispeeml, "Nct you," and held her bock. Then, with one accord the othler called on to him sot to tarry over carnal thoughts, for his soul waspseeg through dark waters, nad he should nisoer take rest util he had met anchor onna trouloes voyage. "Got religion," cried Slane Wade. "L' L hoelt of a free saleation," cried old Chulse, "All flesh is as grass," cried Maltt Myl chreest "Pray without cesing," they all erid together, with much beside ia the ame wild strain. '"I usnuot pray," the eitc man muttered. '"Then weIt pcoy for you, mate," shouted Kane Wade. " At, pray, prsy, pray," mumbled Stephen Orry, "bt it's no goof; it's too late--too late." " Nowar is the pointed time," shouted Kane Wade. "The Lord can suave to the uttermoset -the worst sinner of us alt" " If I'm a sinner, let me not be a coward in my ninc," said Stephen Orry. "Have pity on me and leave me." But Kane Wade went oa to tell the story of his own on*raion. It was on a Saturday night of the mackeral soason down at Kinsale. SThe sonviction had fixed itself upon him Sthat if he did not hear the pardoning Svoice before the dclock struck twelve, he would be damned to all eternity. When the clock Sbegs? to warn for mi?night the bair of hin flesh stood up, for he was stiluu usave:l. But before it had liuiahsd .tricing the Saviour was his. and he was rejoicing in a blessed salova Lion. I " How can you terturo a poor dying man ?' moliteed Steptln Orry. '" Calt on tie Lord, mate," shoaued Kaus e Wade, "'" Lora, I beaine, help Thou moy uon belafe.'" " I've something to do, and the psias of death uove hold of me," muttered Stephen Gory. S Ie parthoned the thafe on the cross," cried old Chaise, " and he's gotten .1iarthon left for you." " Cruel--cruel ! Have you no pity for a wretched dying man "" mumbled Stephen Orrev. '"You've notlived a right life,brother,"cried Kane Wade, " and you've been ever wake in yer mtellects, so never take rest till vo'vo read eour title clear." " You would scarceo think they could hare the heart these people--yu vould scarce think it. would you:' said Stephen ilry, lilting his poor giasyeyes to Greeba's I face. Then with the same quiet grace as before, the girl got up, and gently pushed the men out of the house one uy one. " Come back in an hour," she whispered. It was a gruesome spectacle-the rude Methodists, with their loud voies and hot faees 1 and eyes of flame, trying to do their duty by the soul of the:r tellow creature ; the poor tor tured sceptic, who khew he had lived an evd life and saw nohope of. pardon, and would not be so muuch a cowarlas to cry for mercy in his list hours : the young Icelander looking on in b silenre tand surprise; and the girl moving hitherand thither among them all, like a soft voiced dove in a cage of hoarse jackdaws. But when the little house was clear, and tihe Methodists, who started a hymn on the beach outside, had gone at last, alid their singinghad fle l away, nud tlhere was only the low wail of the ebbing tide whereo there had been so loud a Bael of many tongues, Stephen Orrv raied himself feebly on his lbhow and asked for his coat. Jason found it on the hearth and lifted it up, still damp and stiff, from the lud die of water that lay under it. Ihen Stephen Orry told tum to put his hand in the bre.tt pocket and take out what he would find there. Jason did as he was bidden and droew forth the bagof money. "Here it is," he said, " what shalt I do with it :-" " It is yours," said Stephen Orry. l Mine ," said Jason. "I meant it for my son," said Stephen Orry. Ile soke on his broken English, but let us take the words out of hi mouth. "It'syours now, my lad. Fourteen years I've been gathering it, meaing it for my son. Little I thought to part with it to a s:ranger, but it's yours, for you've earned it." " No, no," ?ail Jason. " I've earned no thiing." " Leoutried to save my life," said Stephen rey. h ?l couldn't help doing that," said Jason, " ad I want no pay." " But it's to, hunldred pounds, my lad." " No matter." " Tn tao lyuch have you got ?" ' Nothing." l II the wreck taken all?" SYes ; no ; hatu is, I never had any. thing." " Ike the money. For God's sake, take it, and do what you hiko with it, or I'll die in torture." cried Stelhen Orry, and with a groan he threw tiami;ot backward on the bed. "I'll keep it for your son," said Jason. "His namu ii Michael Suulocks, isn't it? And he has sailed for Iceland, hasn't he ? That's my country, and I may meet him some day." Then ina breaking voice Stephen Orry said, " If you have a father he must T proud of you,i my lad. Who is he " And Jason answered moodily, " I have no father-none I ever knew." "Did lie die in your cinldhood ?" , No." " Before youwere born ?" " Is he alive ?" '" A, for aught I know." Stephen Orry struggled to his elbow again. " Then he had wronged your mother?" he said, with h breath coming quick. "Ay, narmbe so." " Toe illin . Yet, who am I to railat him ? Is your mother still alive" "'No." " Where is your father ?" " Don't speak of himn," said Jason in an nnderbreath. SBut what's your name, my lad :" "Jason." b With a long siglh of relief Stephen Orryh dropped back acid muttered to himSeli. " To thhis that such a father should never have known lie had such a son." The power of life ebbed fast in him, but after a pause, he said, My lad." ' Well." said Jason. '"I've done you a great wrong." " When did you do me a wrong?" "To-nigh? ' "How tc '" Ns matter. There's no undoing it now God forgive me. But let mbebe your lather, though I'm a dying man, for that will give you the right to keep my poor savings for your self." " But they belong to your son," said Jason. "' He'l never touch them," said Stephen Orry. " Whr not I" said Jason. " Doi'taskmen. Leave manlone. Formercy's sake dun't torturu a dying mlan," cried StephenU Grey. T'?'hat's not whit I meant to do," said Jason, giving way ; "and if you wish it, I will keep the money." " Thank God," said Stephen Orry. Some moments therertrer he lay quiet, breathing fast and loud. while Greeba hovered about him. Then in feebler voice he said : •" Do you think, my lad, you will ever meet my son :" \- Maybe so." said Jason. " I'll go back when I've doie what I came to do." " What is that :' Greeba whisperedl, but he went on without answering her. " Thougt- our country is big our people are few. Whlere will he be "' "I sarce can say. He has gone to look for someone. Hoe sa nble boy, I can toll you that, And its something for a father to think of when his time cmes, isnu't it? Ite lores his father, too-that is, he did loveme when he was a little chap. You must know he had no mother. Onlyv think, I did ervarlthing for hiut, though I was a rough fiellow. e,, I nursed him and cort fortedhim as asny woman might. Ay, and the little man loved me then, for all he does't bear his father's name now." Jason glancdl up inquiringly, first at Stephen Orry and then at Greobh. Stephen saow nothing. lisoeyes were dim, butfuli of tender. neeo, and his deep voice was very gentle, andlhe rsambled on with nmany a break and between many a groan, for the power of life was low in him. " You see, I called him Sunlocks. Thatewas because it was kind and close like. He used to ride on my shoulder. We played together then, h:?rinug no no one else, aut I was everr thing to him, andi he was all the world to me. Ah, that was long ago. SunIocks- little Sunlocksn-my little Sunlockis ! My own little- ' At that point he laughed a little, and then seemed to weep like a child, though no tears came to his eyes, and the next moment, under the pain of joyful memories and the dow of blood upon tCle brain, his mind began to wander. It was very ptiful to look upon. His eyes were open, buit it was clear thatther did not see; his utterance grew thnahik and his words were confused n foolish; but his face was lit up with a curprising joy, aid rou knoew tlnt the rear had rolled back, acid the great rude etllw was alone with his boy, and doatingou him. Sometimes he would seem to listen as if for the child's annswer, ind then he would laugh as if at its artless prattle. Again he would seemto cinegths little oneto seep, crooningvery low a broken stave thit ron a bare nd tlon stopped. Again he would say very selowly what sounded like the words of some baby pryer, and while he did sohischin wouldbetwisted into his breast and his arms would struggle to cross it, as though the child itself were once more luck in his bmsom. AtAll this Greebs cried behind her hands unable a look or listen any longer, and Jason, though he shed no tearn, said in a husky voice, "He cannot be altogether bad who loved his son so." The delirium grew stronger, the look of joy and the tender words gavne plane to glances of fear and some quick beseeching, and then Jason smid in a tremuloua whisper, "It must be something to know you have a father who loves you like that." But hardly had the words beenspoken when he threw back his head and asked in a firm Svoice how far itwas to Port Erin. " About thirty miles," said GrOeba, looking up at the sudden questnion. "not more?" aked Jason. "No. He has lived thre," she answered, with a motion of her head dowuwards towa?s, j thebed. " Ito" "Ye, ever since his wife died. Before that they lived in this place with Michael Suulocks. Hi wife met with a terrible death." "How ?" "She was murdered by some enemy of her huband. The man escaped, but left hi name behind him. It wa.s Patr't icsen." " Patricksenm " "Yes. That must 'e fourteen years ago, and since then he has lived alone at fort Erii. Do you wish to go there ?" Ay---that is, so I intended." " Why ' " To look for sameone." "Who is it ?" "My father." For a moment Greeba was silent, and then she said with her eyes down, " Why look for hinm if he wronged your mother" "That's why I meant to do so." She looked up into his face, and stammered, "But whyY" el did not appear to hear her; his eyes were fixel on the mtan on the bed; and hardly had she asked the question when she covered her ears with her hands as though to shut outhis auswer. " Was tIot why you care?" she asked. "Yes," he anrwered. "If we had not been wrecked to-night I should have dropped over board and deserted." '"Strange," she said. " It was just what he did, whenhee ciune to the island nintcen yeoao ago." " Yea, ninetecu years ago," Jason repeated. IIo spoke like a manu a sleep, and she began to tremble. " What is the matter ?" she said. Within a few minutes his iace had suddenly changed, and it was now awful to look upon. No tfur an instant did he turn his eyes from the hd. Tho delirium of the sick man had deepeued by this time ; the little, foolsh, baby filay words in the poor broken English caulo from him no more, but he seemed to ask eager ques. tione, in a tongue that Grceba did not under staid. ' This'm.a is an Icelauder," said Jason. "Didn't you know that before ?" said Groeba. " What is his name ?" said Jason. ' Htaven't you heard it yet?" "What ia lir name ? Then for one quick instant he turned his face towards her lace, and she seemed to read his thought. " My God:" she ericd, cod she staggered back. Just then there was a sound of footsteps on the shingle outside, and at the nex t moment Steon and Thurst.n Fairbrother and old Davy Kerruith pushed open the door. They lId come to fetch Gireeha. "'The Methodee man tould us," said Davy, standing by Jason's side, " urnltL my gough but it's mortal cur'ous. Wihat' it' s saying, ' Palk of the divil,' and sure enough it was the big widda man hisseclf we were taxiteig of, leoe nor half hour atore we strueck." " Come, my lass," said Thuratan. "No, no, I'll stay here," said Greeka. lBut your mother is ige:rig and this is no place for a slip of a girl-come !" "'ll stay with him alone," said Jason. " No, no," cried Greekt. "It's the lad'e right, for all," said old Davy. "Ito feteihd the poor delp out of the water. Come, let's tkE' the road for it." " Will no one stay instead of meo " said Greeba. " Where's the use i" said Davy. " He's raelly past help. IMe's outward bound. poor chap. Poor Orry! Poor ould Stephea:" then they drew Greeba away, anld with a look of fear fixed on Jason's face she parted out at the door. Jason was now alone with Steplhen Orry, and felt like a man who had stumbled into a hidden grave. lie had set out overthe seas to search tor his father, and here, at his first setltig foot on the land, his father lay at his feet. Se this was Stephen Orry ; this was he for whom his mother had given up all; this was lhe for whom 1 she had taken a father's curse; this was he for t whom she had endured poverty and shame; this was he who had neglected her, struck her, forgotten her with anauther woman ; thiawas he who had)l killed her--le onor, loving, loal, passionate heart--nt in a day, or an hour, or a t momenut, but in tweety luong years. Jason stood over the bhed and looked down. Surely the Lord God ad hard his l re oer wl nd de livered the man into his hlanm. lie wouuld have hunted tihe world over to find him, ut here at a stride he had him. It was heavente's own justice, ad if he held black now thu cure of his dead mother would follow him trom the grove. Yet a trembling shook lis whole frame, and his heart beat re if it would break. Whv aid he wait ? lie remembered the tenderness that had crept upon him not many smiutes age, as be listeod to tile poor lbalr b.tbhie of the mat's delirium, and at that the gall in his threat seemed to choke him:n. lI hated hiemsel ore yielding to it. for now he ktnew for whom t had been mant. It hnl tleent meant for e his own father doating over the tIec:letor of anoti.'i t son. That son ha.d sut;lu pteel lecee?i i that I son's mother had supplaute tilts own mother ; i and yet he. in hi~ igeora.tce, had all but wept for bath of them. but no muater, lie was uno to be God's own right hand ot f js:tieo ont ris evil-doer. Dawn was breaking, and its woo !! light rep, t hlaily in at tire Iitl'e wiee 'V, lajot tho Inelp thait till burned on the wioleow-b lard. The wvindl had allen, and the e.o lay gilomy andel dark, as if with its own heavy mem ,ris of I1 rt night's tempeat. The grey light fell on the sick mat' ltace, and under Jaeim' s eve it seemed to hght up tlhe poor, miuer.bl,,' uaked soul within. The delirinu had now set in streong, and matn wroe the wild words anl i:e quelt was the cry that rang througI the little house. '"Not while he is like that," thought Jason. ", I will wait for the lull." IHe took up a pillow in lth lehands and stood by the ibed and waited, never lifting his eyes off thieface. Buttle lull did nit comte. Wul.lit not come at all ? What if the deh!riun wore never to p:Les away ? Could he still do the thing he iUtellted? No, no, no: But heaven had heard his rowl and le.l him there. The delirieu' would et p:ass; then he would accuse his f-.ther face to face and eye to eye, and then The current of Jason's thoughts was sud denly arrested by a cry Irmi the sick man. It wasa' Rachlel : laedel: elr,,l !" spoken in at voice of deep entreaty, ald there cme a aft it in disjointed worls of the Icclmdic tongue a litiful appel for forgiveness. At that a ;reat fear seized upon Javao, and the lilluw dropped from his h:urds to the ground. "Rachel: ILtehel :" e ue aogai inin the same pitiful voice of supplication : rand at tie sound of that name so spoken, the bitteruo-s of J:aon's heart went of like a wail of the wind. It was. ac ryof remorse ; a cry for pardonl ; a cry f-r mercy. There could be to juglery. Intlhat hour of the mind's awnful v.t:lquiellelnt a human soul stood naked before him as bofore its Meaker. Json's great resolve was shaken. iHad it been ouly a blind tniegle of lassiont nted pain ? If the Adhntihtly had eallo ietl to iso t the in strument of liis vente'uce, wouldile Itvo, 'le livered his entemy inlto hia he ecels hke this- dying, delirious, with broken brhea tnid broken heart ? Still his mother's name came from his father's lips, and the his tuindl went ack tol thle words tliut had so ldtely pssea d tedtweee them. "Lot me be your fatiher, though I iltt a deingt mon." ds: elw eet, beiauLitul, blitd faliacy could he nol let it abe The end was very near; thie delirium pacsel away, and Stopheln Orry olene this eyes. Tie great creature was a qitiet si a chiill now, ttnd as soft and gotle :t a eh:ldd' s was hI doel,, hoorm voice. iHe kn:e?w tihat t helad IleVllwan deting in his mite, ind wt e het tito kedeo eio Jason's face a pale smile Cero?ed his owti. " I thlought I h:ld found her," he sai:l, very simply," mypooryountg wife thaitonte oo itwa bhe tliat I h:ld lost so lotng go, ant did sucb wrug by." Jason's throat was chohing him, but he stnmmered out: "Lie still, sir, lie still ed rest." B]ut Stephen Orey talked on.in the same simple wav. "' Ah, how r sily I aam. I forgot you dids'iknow." "Lie still and rest,' said Jason again. "There wrs someone with. her, boo. I thought it was her son-her child anlsdtmne. that was to omo when I left lher. Anid oulv think, I lookeod gain, and it seemedt to he e. Yes. you--for it was the face of hin 'that fe'tched meout ,fthe soea. I thoaghtnyouwere my son indeed." 'Then Jason could bIear up no lonner. Io flnng hismold down on his krees le the bed. sidte,ande buried his face inetle dytmg man's breast." "Father," he sobbed. " I amt vounr son." Bet Stlphon O y only smikhai ml atnwered r . quietly, "Ah, yes, I reneubfer--hat as ptrt of our bae:Msai, myrgnod lad. Well. God bles yo, my son. Gud blues sod spew nou." nd that was the end ofOrry. (tvesn'ortsusl.d 