EXPERIENCES OF AN EDINBURGH DETECTIVE. By JAMES McGOVAN, Author of "Brought to Bay," "Hunted Down," " Strange Clues," " Traced and Tracked," "Solved Mysteries," &o.; A Husband's Keveage. Ingoing along the South-bridge one afternoon I wsb a little surprised to find that I was being followed by a man with the unmistakable prison crop and hang- dog look of one not long "out." The face was quite strange to me, and but for the gaol-bird appearance I should never have taken him for one of my "bairns." But the prison regimen, with the cropping and shaving, make wonderful changes in a man's appearance, and I quickly concluded that it was so in the present case. Threats of retalia tion are common enough in this intractable family of mine, but they are seldom remembered when freedom comes. I looked at this man keenly twice, but could read no signs of revengeful intentions in his face. He did not pretend not to see me, but returned my stare with a kind of angry interest. The face was a good one, though thin and pale and had the man only had a little hair grown on his head and face he would have been called hand some. He was tall and slender, and walked as erect in hia shabby attire as if he had been heir to half a county. There was just one peculiarity about him which I did not like—he bad a "raised" look. Whether through in cipient insanity or the strain of mental excite ment I could not tell, but his fine dark eyeB were almost jumping from their sockets. I turned up the High-street towards the office, and the man Btill followed. Inside the mouth of the pend I turned sharp round on him and said— " What do you want 2 '• I want a good deal, and it'll take me some time to tell it all," he said with a kind of reck less desperation, and as he spoke a whiff of his breath revealed the cause of at least part of his excitement. " You've been drinking?" " Oh, ye3, glad to do anything to shut out the thought of my trouble—to make me forget what a fool I've been. Don't you remember me ?" i I locked at him as we ascended the stair and then answered— " No, but I should say you are either a tailor or a swell mobsman." He laughed bitterly. "You've hit it exactly. I'm both now—or, at least, suDpoaed to be." "Turn about, I suppose? When you get tired of work you try crime." _ . "Wrong this time. I am not a criminal, though I've just done nine months in Duke "Wife-beating, or what?" "Nothing; I was innocent." " Oh, of course; you all are," I returned, with sicil© v "I mean that I said I wa3 guilty, though I was innocent all the time." ' I looked at him in silence and gave him up as totally insane. I gave him a seat and then settled myself to listen, "I am a Manchester man originally," he continued, "and a tailor by trade. I'm con sidered a smart hand, and can make from £2 to £3 a week easily if I like to keep sober. When I came to Glasgow I got into a good shop, with aB much work as I cared to do, and the best of pay. I kept aB right as a trivet for a long while, for I'd had fallen in love with a pretty machinist in the place, and the courting of her kept me straight, I marriad her, and it was all right as long as I didn't drink, but then she kicked up rows, and I didn't like that. I had a quarrel with her about that, and went away, telling her she should never see me again, I meant to jump into the Clyde, but it happened to be day time, and I was afraid of being hauled out and laughed at, so 1 went into a public-houBe instead. I suppose I kicked up a row there and broke a glass or something, but I don't remember anything about it till I found myself in a cell at the station, along with a fellow called Mylea Mayo." " Ob* I know Mayo," I suddenly observed, for the first time interested in the story. " He's one of the swell mob, and a smart one, " Yes, he told me that, He was in for a diBturbance, too, but was afraid he'd be pinched for an old case of robbery which was lying against him, and he offered to make a bargain with me. He said his sentence would be only for three or four months, and offered to buy those months from me." "Howbuy them?" " By letting me take his place and paying me '£30. My name i3 Jim Fletcher, but I wasn't well known at the public house, and the only witness against me was a pot-boy, who'd swear anything. Mayo was about my height and build, and we needed only to change clothes to make it all right. Now I should never have agreed for the Bake of the money, but I was mad against Minnie, my wife, who'd said some stinging things about an old lover of hers having more love in his little finger than I had in my whole body, and that she hoped she would never see me again, and that I'd drown myself, so that she'd be free to marry him. I reedom was nothing to me, for I felt sure I'd juBt jump into the Clyde and have done with it. I thought I'd be better to be kept out of mischief for a while, so I agreed, only asking him to send the money in an envelope to Miniiie with the words " Good-bye" written on a sheet of paper inside and Bigned with my initials," "I thought you said you were mad against her ?" " So I was, but I loved her heart and soul all the time- She might hate me as she said, but that could make no difference in my love fbr her. If I could only have stopped loving her, I'd have been all right and aB happy as a king. I wanted the money sent to her just that aha might be out of trouble or want till she got into some situation again, for * of course, I meant never to go near her again, and I didn't know she was such a bad one." " Oh, she was bad, was she 2" I said, opening my eyes. , , , , His whole face became convulsed, and he waved his clenched hand furiously as he answered— "Yes, she was bad, and so was Mayo! "What! did he not keep faith with you?" I said, with a grin, for nothing delights me more than to see crime punishing itself—it saveB such a deal of trouble and work on our part. " He kept faith me with so far a3 paying over the money was concerned," hotly answered Fletcher. "He was put at the bar of .the police court after answering to my name and charged with creating a disturbance in a public house and breaking a looking glass. Of course he pleaded guilty and witnesses were never called, and he got off with a fine of £ten shillings and about thirty shillings of expenses, I was not taken out at all that day as they were busy with the other case, and then when I wais put forward I was recommitted to the Circuit Court, When I 'waB tried I pleaded guilty, j ust as Mayo had done, but instead of getting off easily 1 got nine months, I did not mind that a bit. InBide of a gaol or outside was quite the same to me. I often hoped I should take the gaol fever and die, but it's those who want to live that are carried off, so I didn't take it. I often hoped that Mayo would tell Minnie the truth instead of sending the money, and that she would write to me, but no letter came to me all the time. ^ I was the same as dead and buried. But all these months I had been gradually get ting lesB mad against Minnie, She had said some nasty things to me, but she had da I fended me to other folks, and I made up my ' mind to forgive her. So when I got out I went !• home thinking what a joyfuljsurprise it would be to her." . „ The words "joyful surprise" seemed to choke him, for the rest was a mere gasping mumble, finishing off with something like a sob.. "She was gone, then?" I quietly remarked, to give him time to recover. "Yes, The house was let to new tenants, and the neighbors told me all about it, and described Mayo so exactly that I knew at once who had betrayed me. Her story was that I was dead, and that Mayo was only an old friend who came to Bee her and sympathise with her in her loss. He came once or twice, and then she sold the furniture and ran off with fcim to Edinburgh." "Ban off with him? Why, Mayo ha3 no wife." I interposed in puzzled surprise, "Very likely. She said she waB to be married at a registrar's, but that wns most likely a lie. It took me some time to find it all out; but as soon ub I had made certain of it I started for Edinburgh to pay off the traitor." " How was he a traitor ? You say he kept hiB promise and paid her the £30," "Yes, hut he'd get it all back when she ran off with him," "Perhaps, but he did not promise not to run off with her, and it is possible that she really believes you to be dead." "Promise or not, I want to find him, but I can't. I've seen him once, but he vanished before I could get near him, though I don't believe he knew I was after him. But he must be liable for false impersonation surety, and you could hunt him down for me and nail him for that?" "He is liable, certainty, both to suffer his old sentence and another for his crime, but so are you. Have you come to give yourself up up on that charge?" •* No, I dob't care what becomes of ma after you get hold of him. Besides, you'll need ma for a: witness, I suppose, so you o»a!tlpuni3h me." r » \X7 J Ke was stating the position with great acuta uesa, and I was forced to admit that I should be more anxious to take Mayo tbau him if I found hia story correct. Bat there wa3 soma thing peculiar about hia manner when speak ing of paying off the traitor which I wished explained. " Suppose I took Mayo to-morrow, what good would that do you?" Hia glance fell before mine, and he remained silent, not for want of an answer probably, but because he did not wish hi3 intentions made known. "I want to help you to trap him, and then he'll know that he owea it all to me." "That is not all—yon are keeping back something," I said, hitting straight at the mark. "Perhaps," he gloomily and shortly answered. " We all do," I could give the answer but one interpreta tion—He was a man sick of life and consumed by a morbid desire for revenge; if ha and Mayo met I should have a lively time of it trying to keep them from killing each other. As it happened, the information against Mayo came at an opportune season, for there was a great race meeting at Muaselburgh im pending, and, as Mayo lived by such meetings, 1 had no doubt that he had come through to Edinburgh expressly to do business there. If I could get him safely laid up on a charge of this kind before the races came off he would be th8 chief anxiety of the meeting taken off my mind. The only discrepancy in the Btoiy was the curious circumstance which tackled Mayo with a wife. I had never heard of him having such an encumbrance, or expressing a wish in that direction, and I knew that he did not live with one, The change of names and clothes in the look-up was just like one of Mayo's ready-witted tricks, but the running away with another man's wife, however beautiful she might be, was quite out of his line. I tried to make that clear to Fletcher, but he would not listen to me. Mayo had run off with hi3) wife, and must now bear the punishment, and, if I did not immediately hunt him down, I should be shirking my duty. He admitted the posai bility'.of Mayo having got tiredof hisnewpoases eion and cast her off, but that did not lighten but rather intensify the wrong. I dismissed him with the assurance that under no circum stances did I ever shirk my duty, and that I should probably have Mayo before night, >• I made the assurance in the belief that I should have na difficulty whatever in finding the swell mobsman. I had seen him and spoken with him but a day or two before, and thought that I had only to tighten my net and land my prize. But the same evening I chanced to see a man who knew Mayo and began to ask a number of questions, chiefly to discover whether Mayo had ever had sucn a consort as Fletcher described. The answers were a firm negative. Mayo had not then any companion but hia ordinary and necessarymale confederate, and had not been known to have one at any time within the last three years at Ieasti I was so much interested in these an swers, which confirmed my own previously ex pressed opinions, that I did not at the moment think of the danger of Bhowingmy hand. Mayo disappeared suddenly the same night, having shrewdly guessed that when I wa3 so interested in bis private life I must at least be after him, Howie, the publican, was able to tell me next day that Mayo was in hiding—that is, had not left the city, but taken a safe lodging, out of which he was not likely to move at any time [ when he could be recognised—-but could not discover where the hiding-place was situate. I gave him up as lost, for it is an easy matter for such rascals, with, their handsome faces, fine manners, and fashionable clothes, to pass for students or gentlemen with the not over bright keepers of lodginga, and so keep out of sight for weeks on end, I did not give up looking for him, however, for I had a shrewd suspicion that he was still lingering in the city in hope of attending the races. If these passed off without me getting hold of Mayo I knew I might whistle for hia capture, During the days that followed the sudden disappearance of the swell mobsman Fletcher stuck to me like a burr, I became sick of the very Bight of him, I used to wonder how he lived, though he did not look as if he ate much, till I discovered that he worked at home in the night-time instead of sleeping. He declared that he very seldom slept or felt inclined to sleep. He always Bmelled slightly of drink, but was never affected by it. His pallid face and gaunt form, and his goggly eyes, with the perpetual cloud of despair on his brow, made him a con spicuous figure by my side, and attracted mora attention than I desired, I could not gat him convinced that his presence was a hindrance rather than a help. Hint or remonsttance were alike thrown away. "I want to be in at the death," he said grimly and without the ghost of a smile, "and I don't 6xpeot to live long, so I may as well have a little amusement and pleasure before I go." At length I got word through Howie that Mayo was to attend the races next; day, and much against my will Fletcher got the in formation out of me, and with great alicritv said he would go with me. I shuddered and I felt much as Sinbad the Sailor must have felt when the Old Man of the Sea roused him of a morning and told him to go on. For a reason of my own I appointed to meet him ait the Central, and wheu he appeared prompt to the minute I took him into a side room and said in no pleasant tone— "You want to go with me to see Mayo taken, don't you ?" "Don't I?" and he gave his long arms a great swoop in the air, as if grappling with hi3 foe there and then, while his whole face lighted up with ferocious delight, " Then you can only be gratified on one con dition," I coldly returned. " That you turn out your pockets and leave their contents here till we return—particularly the contents of the left pocket of your coat.". Almost instinctively his hand went to the pocket in question and remained there, while a flush slowly tinged his pallid cheeks. "What for? What harm is there in pro tecting myself?" he stammered, quite taken aback. "I have no time to argue the point—out with it, or I'm off without you. I was very near taking it from you twice before this, but now I am determined." He slowly brought out his band, and with it the revolver which had so strongly excited my interest during the past few dayB. It \va3 a six-chamber weapon and every chamber was loaded, The contents of the remaining pockets I allowed him to retain, with the exception of a pocket-knife with a blade nearly six inches long.? While I was'taking these things and putting them away I read his face like a book, He was baulked, but only for a moment. Other chances would come, and he would'Bhoot Mayo like a dog, though he had to do it in the very court- room. I thoughthe wouldlose allinte rest in the trip to Musselburgh after beifig dis armed, but no—his ferocious eagerness ap peared rather to increase. We got down to Waverly-bridge-station, and found an immense crowd waiting, A train, crammed to suffoca tion, had just moved off; and another washeing Bhunted in to the platform. In pressing through the crowd to make sure of a seat in the new train, I happened to jostle rather roughly a tall, gentlemanly looking student, wearing darb-green goggles, who turned to rebuke me sharply, but then changed his mind and made a dive in an oppo site direction. The dive roused my suspicion, for genuine students are not usually afraid of me or ^familiar with my features, and I dived after him, and with some difficulty got a hold of him by the Bhoulder. The pull baob knocked off his hat and jerked the goggles from his eyes, and Mayo stood revealed., I held on to him, of course, but with a spring like that of a wild cat Fletcher was over me, and had both hands on Mayo's throat, which he stuck to arid compressed in spite of the intervention of a dozen hands all round. The commotion became terrific. The crowd swayed with the struggling men and those trying to part them; women shrieked, and children ware crushed and trodden upon, and it looked as if part of the crowd would be forced under the wheels of the moving train. Not a word had been uttered by Fletcher, and Mayo's speech was effectually Btopped, but the eyes of the two plainly Bhowed that they recognised each other. At length by half-throttling Fletoher ' I forced him to relax his desperate clutch, and the two were torn asunder, " I'll bill you for it yet 1 I'll bill you! Yon have not many days to live!" shouted Fletcher, while I handcuffed Mayo. The face of Mayo expressed only blank surprise, and at length he managed to say— "What for? Wbathaveldone? Didn't I keep my promise, honor bright ?" "Yes, and then ran away with my wife to ' get the money back again." " I can swear before God I never saw your wife in my life!" was Mayo's earnest and apparently truthful reply. "I went to try to • see her some time after I sent the money, for I was on the rocks and wanted to borrow ten shillings, but they told me she had got married again and gone off with the fellow to Edinburgh. If I am not telling the truth you may run a knife into me now." Fletcher appeared startled by the statement, but still noisily professed to disbelieve every word of it. The fit of frenzy, however, was now off him, and he walked very quietly with us* back to the Central, He was evidently thinking. Mayo, was formally charged with false impersonation and locked up, while Fletcher was bound over to appear against him and dismissed. I asked him if he wished the pistol and knife back, but he only gave a long, shivering sigh, and said— "Not yet; they are better with you." "I have been a fool!" he reflectively observed, after a short silence. I could.have endorsed the opinion, but the loob on his pals face told me, that he had Buffer ing enough without any addition by me. I believe the fellow has told the. truth, he slowly added'; "Sfiehas gone off with her old swebtheatt. Humphrey Campbell, She always \- spoke of wbat eh'a had 'sacrificed in giving him up for me—but I-suppose every wife does that. It's her I should kill, I think, but I won't, for then I'd be hauled, and she'a not worth pas in? bo much "for, Still I'd like to find them out and see what they've got to say for themselves. I know I've been a little drunken and careles3 with her, but a man can't be always tied to a woman's apron-string, you know, and no one could have loved her more than I did." "J)o yon want to take the woman back ?" I ehortly enquired. "No j not exactly. I don't think she aver really cared for me. Love all on one side won't last. But I'd like to Bee her just once. Do you think you could find them out for ma 2" It was so quietly and almost pitifully asked that I had not the heart to refuse, the more so as he solemnly promised that he would attempt no personal violence upon either. I promised to do what I could, and told him to come back' in the evening. He went out with me very quietly, and I noticed that his first call wa3 at the nearest public-house. Later in the day it struck me that as Gamp ben was a tailor and had come to Edinburgh, I might hear of him!at;tbe tailors' heuse of call. I went there and found the name and address in the book, from which I gleaned that Camp bell, like a host of his trade, was then out of work. I had little doubt of the identity, for Humphrey is not a common name, and that was put down in full. The day had turned out wet, so the room was comparatively empty of idle tailors, and Campbell was not there. I took down the address, and would have gone to the place at once but for the rain. That pouring down in torrents made ma sud denly discover that it would be far better to have Fletcher with me when I visited the run away wife. About 6 o'clock he appeared at the office. His boots were thin and well worn, and they had sopped up so much rain that every step he took across the floor left a little pool. He wore a black frock coat and carried no umbrella, and the rain had had everything its own way. He smelt so strongly of drink that I was quite glad to get out into the open air- He was very quiet and subdued, and showed neither interest nor excitement when I told him I had got the address of the rauaways. He had a washed-out look—body, bouI, and Bpirit utterly crushed and lost. The house of Campbell was a single room in Hill-place. There was very little furniture, but the moBt had been made of it, and every thing was bright and clean, Campbell him self opened the door, and started back with a cry of horror when he saw the wet spectre at my side. Then I noticed a woman in the act of placing a cup on the table, which was set for tea. We entered unchecked, and a scream escaped the woman, who dropped the cup smash on the floor, " Not dead after all," she shudderingly ex claimed as she shrank back, with her eyes chained to the pallid face of Fletcher, but as she did so I noticed that she moved olo3er to Campbell, to whom she clung desperately, "No, not dead," he answered in a tone utterly unlike any I had heard from his lip?, it was so gentle and child-like. "You wish me dead, I think, Yes, you said so." "Did you ever give me cause to wish you to live 2" she hotly returned. " You neglected ma, Btarved me, beat the senses out of me, nearly killed me!" "That was when I was in drink and did not know what I was doing," Fletcher replied in the same soft tone, standing near the door with the water running in two streams from his boots. "I never struck you when I wa3 sober, did I ?" "Never with your hands, but often with your actions. I never loved you and I will not go with you," the woman warmly retorted, " You are worse than a madman, for they can be put into an asylum, but you cau't, You never came near me after you were taken and fined at the police court, and I thought you were dead or gone for ever as you said you meant to go, and I married him and came here. I never knew what happiness was till then, and I would rather share a crust with him than millions of money with you. You may put me in pri3on if you like and call me a bigamist, but a3 sure 83 you do I will find out my husband and ooma back to him when I am free. You are no uaa in the world, he is a blessing to me, and I am proud to work for him and would slave my very life away to make him happy, Love makes all the difference." "Yes," quietly answered the wet spectre at the door. " Love makes all the difference," " What did you ever do for me 2" continued the woman in the same impassioned tone, so different from the stolid frozen tone of her hus band. "What did you ever do, but study yourself and your own comfort—selfish, selfish to the backbone. I never breathed freely but when you were out of sight," " Yes, yes; you are right. I am no U3e in the world—selfish, selfish to the backbone," he slowly and mechanically repeated. He turned and opened the door and walkad out into the rain, and I never saw him again. As there was no charge against tho wife I left shortly after, fully expecting that Fletcher would reappear and lodge a charge of bigamy. But he was never heard of more, ana as he was the chief witness against Mayo, the charge of impersonation had to be abandoned and Mayo released. I have seen Mr3, Campbell often since, and she seems to be perfeotly happy. The longer a man live3 the more unfathomable to him does woman become. At one moment Bhe appears shallow a3 a rumbling stream; at another deep as the bottomle33 abyss; and we walk into our graves before we can decide whether she is a fool or an angel, The title of the Detective Story for uext Saturday's issue will be A PAIR OF BRACES, 