PRINCELY FLATTERY. It was with feelings of gratified pride, •Australians read, amougst the oowa trans* mitted by cabin, tho account of ilio banquet given by tbe Colorial Institute, at which the Priuue of Wales presided. The hoir to tbe throne has latterly shone forth in a new and morn attractive light, and seems desirous of atoning for youthful follies by a middle age of public usefulness. He is fast gainiag for him en'f, if he has not alroidy gained, tbe reputa tion of being an excellent man of business, whilst bis public utterances display a greater modicum of common sense than is usually looked for from Royil lips. We do not mean to say that all his remarks on the occasion referred to partook of this character, but, then, tho Princo had dined, and the institute has been noted for tho excellence of the cuiainc and tho wines at these festive gatherings. The allusion to Sir Graham Berry, "as an able and distinguished statesmen,1' must, there fore, be taken as a pardonable flight of the Royal imagination under peculiarly provoca tive circumstances. Will such an excuse, however, be accepted for the indiscretion by tho " hupper suckle" of Toorak and South Yarra ; and will it not become the duty of tho Argus to at onco read, or rather write his Royal Highness a proper admonition es to the error into which be has fallen. It may be, on the other baud, that the hero of ■* Black Wednesday," now that ho has obtained the hall mark of Court approval, will appear in a quite different character to those poor toadies, who once stigmatised him as all that was base, vile, and disrepu table, aud bis actions those of a licensed state robber and revolutionist. It is wouderful how, to some minds, a breath of Royal fpvor can transform the denounced Anarchist, and stump tire-braud into a shining patriot. In the event of the Argus taking to praiding Sir Graham, and protesting that they had always believed him to be what the Prince says he isf they will be possibly bestowing on him some of these sounding titles of which the_y are sometimes so lavish. Wo would remind them, if such be the case, that the term " Heaven born statesman " is no longer at their disposal, they having already given that away to Sir Henry Parkes some few years ago. We do not remember it to have been withdrawn from that bou. gentleman, although, in view of recent events, the donors would, no doubt, feel inclined to do so. It would be interesting to know whether tbe banquet was attended by our own Australian states man, par excellance, the chosen of Canterbury aud of fame, the gifted, the handsome, the inimitable, Hennikcr Heaton. Had the disaffection of his "ghost "so worried that powerful mental organisation that he felt unfit to move amongst the gay auu festive throng, or indulge in those flights of oratory which the " Noos" feels such pardonable gratification at having cabled ou^ at the solo uxpeuse of the proprietary. Poor Heuuiker, like many another great man who sought to give up the "ghost," the ghost has proved too many for him. 