[?] I Am?wsA.0A--. ,s.. ha'"ct0- I m- PHBVIOUS CHAPTERS. Uor.-Ig 0 _ .Tnrtrcnaon is the T ami whcit) thoplot of tiic LW.!""1 iZSS oU_>oforo_ hi.a r,l rT"lV.r CK , « ,-itlt t ie UWimpiuuu tea-:,tsll'l. I.is prizo ho encounters a Cri5fl>' 'o rv- WHi, being challenged, . tfrcutly to tho surpnso of F > i i\vti ie';«-nt b . . . p i riclfscn is found Etf. '1I,uL '-SVcd on, and the lovo of Tl,,. in"1"-.'",® discovered, her fnthcr Kd S!f'l';.p' . hi3 I'vcscnf; „ Tai!? ri-.-o n!l l'ii iodic" tqrnn out idle aud it invited to come and live We- ui! raix tlst ,lio will have somo inilu- foialwMut ,n n(> wny jmproves SS fcer rn' „ ,.„,t fllio sells her lens and fiw Viler and prcscnta the proceeds KtaiH' 'i,i icivai her, but only to gamble r.o'uij.- 1 vnmrtel hhucs between ltacliad k;t- in-hv .and Stephen in hm aimer t- nothor-i" ii' i . facc_ Enmgod a" n8kl'i lV« mfc I??, t'-o death of ratrickscn !" Her Lo. MKL' n;1d ho reels out of tho house Ijd IU» '» b»':fhVr viler fltonhen's baso desertion of fi's'Ieves birfii to a son, nnd calls his W(, Kr-hS;I, rolls on, twenty years pass, and juM. iu" Ho learns tho story of his Ljjb«oie»» " ' d yows on her dead bodv, k"ailfS tiio return of licr husband, to £1, is father for his inhuman con- r' n,_Tlio scene of tho story is then Ui" y- Tte, „f jinn, and tho Governor of KH, fhhirotlicr, receives a, hunted waif, "poa liis body tho marlts of servitude and IrtJiPTKrt XV. (CoNHNtmD.) I r, hid the- Govomor got back to tho p? ' i)0Vfi, hia moil, and tho maids fc I&v.; Very full thoy air rr.iL, Li»sof tho day, and Adam, who 1 V i that son or sorvantof his should |cr (i0„ of talk for his prosonco, sat K a J to tho iiro and smoked, dozed, I Xou'dit, and loft his people i to gossip fl chance had brought tho poor I a his door thai night ? An loo- I ilb for all uses of speech, Pi lain in tho chains of sorao I u . ,in_a lone man, a soaraan with- fefSr child in his own country ; and a |r- ,liawav, a liuutod dog in this ono ! Eft "i pleading had that very night ftafinliu own momory with the days of ISfuilorings ? ISonce Ms ear was arrested by what was K behind him. Tho talk was of a liSo had passed through tho town, ri.UJuo- iackots who wore in pursuit of I lie had stolon something. No, hb had L ei somebody. Any way thoro was a |i' (for his arrest, for tho lugh-bnihlf had Cit Vn ill-looking follow, but ho would Ky'ot, thank goodness, in God's good r gB- emor twisted about, and askod If tin ' sailor was like, and luB boys (Li him that ho was a foroignocring Id bw in a skin cap and long stockings, ISverby half a hond than Billy-by-Nito. li thn there was tho tramp of feot on tho |jrat«H(! nnd a loud rap at too uoor. I' our Klsrel. They woro tho bluo- jackets. Tho En sciman that thoy woro in soaroh r, hjjj seen crcoping up Balluro, aud E& dom towards Laguo. Had ho boon Klht ono of tho boys, saying that liis fatlior Eta it homo all evening, turned to the Ewj'tnd repeated tho question. But tho Eli-hm had twistod hack to tho fire, ErA tho shank of his pipe hanging Bjkfara his lips, was snoring hoavily. Eft Eicellency is asloop," said tho bluo- Kj ii that could not he, for ho had hoon fc? i! tlioy entered. " Fatlior," cried tho Kttaheil him. Bta the Governor opened his eyes, and nil heavily. Tho blue- jacket, cap in Et hid lis story again, ana tho good Adam Erf t) struggle hard in tho effort to grasp tel the mists of sloep. ' At length ho ft" has tho man dono ?' - "Dasfed his ship, your Excellency." "Sefhing else — no crime V" "Klin? elso, your Exoellonoy. Has ho star" "Si," uidtho Governor, ltd il that tho weary man shut his oyos Kiudbgaii to brsatlio most audibly. But the bins-jackets , taking council togethor, Bd- JJtintsomowhero thereabouts tho inau Hdnnl;be, and dscided to sleep tho night Hi: mble-loit, that thoy might scour the Hcljh the morning, tho Governor awoko Hi:'?, saying he h&d; no hods to offer Ha,kttney m'ght sleep on thohonches of tho Hkbu later, when all Laguo was aBleep, Ha ts: from his hod, took a dark lantorn Hint back to tho stablo-loft, arousod tho Hlils, and raotionod him to follow. Tlioy Bel Hi paved court-yard and camo in Bltltls window. Adam pointed and tho Htbited in. Tho four hluo-jackots woro H|atlchiiclies drawn round tho iiro, and Hiill glare of tho slumbering peat Hi ' their faces. Thoy woro oslcoi. jit sight tlio man's oyes flashed, hiB Hrhsst hard, ths muscles of his ohooks con- H&t;, and with a hoarso ory in hiB throat, dalfel tho haft of tho soaman'B kuifo ttbgin his belt, and made ono stop for- HWidam, laying hold of his arm, lookod nllierc3 steadfastly, and in the light of tho Bhntleir wild glnnco foil hoforo him. At hutisitant tho man was gone. itasigttwas now far spent. In tho town tra wen silent, tho streets quiot, tho B|kco vacant, nnd on tho hill-tops tho JW mouldered down. By daybreak noxt Htrrg He Hue- jackets had gono haokompty H .cj, and by sunrisb tuo English brig Hi out ol tho bay. Kp hautiiul creeks lio .to tho south of aud north of Maughold Head. Ono r higue, tho othor I'ort-y-Vullin. On Pert-y-Vullin there Is ' a hut built r tiritcticd with broom — dark, damp, Maw ruinous, a ditch whorotho tonant is reut froo, Tho sun stood high y ""f11 a, coming out of this place, found Spbtginabrokon-ribbed boat that lay Woy.thoboach. Sho awakeuod him, KL?,1 „blm mto hor hut. Ho roso to his Heltii < ''or. Last night ho had boon ' best houso in tho island ; thiB E»'ewas about to ho rooeivod into tho EfcwH1 ?i15 X,iza Killoy — tho slut,- tho Efe| ' ""a slattern and drab of tho ana was Stephen Orry. OITAmB V. e, ttrrw bd.hmsks. yp ooalh only had thon passod sinoo tho r.1," Stephen Or'. t t_„i ,i 'hi8,fottuM3 in tho moantimo is taro! v ft'l0 of his brutal blow, as But in a. ,, "lfo s throat, ho had stowed K tame uluhl lm E"8li8h ship that sailed B®c8hthimnnl'nt??0v.H8 later famine had B-Placo, and ho had Bhnoro davs b! n S , 1)0,010 tho most. In BUni'ttha(ltpl i- i?nt!tl artielee as ablo Bdiollow"? .EoBliBh port of call. Thon for ignorS"10 for. Bloth' Pun)Bl1' Hujviiig the lii„bn' Pumshmonts for not «5u Aitel ?wU,rci1 o£ B K0W|, ' tMt had como hrokerings, V ncu.' B0d, 0P ruptures wftll of a Ll Jfraots, endmg with tho ?i.lk?,.ovor 41)0 big Icc- overboard mi"0 batswain rolling Hi/eight days spent ?0'- had follolvo mdo on tb. i ltons) rrvotted to Bod if . IQO Ulldrtl flnnL stf.'tl. Finally bv »n? y and nothing HS.c,01hipmaii'with.r B?crot 8d-follow- Ml coma n?im0 ,owols ,o£ compas- after Btarvatiou, as etar- "horo while his «b?ri,l ailcl stoplrouhud rfevyDay, !P lay at anchor in RHtehebslAo'ootter at tho houso EWnluiucd to live fbn oould rightly toll, jft, 'ohadbem, In tho&ull; who oMyeut Knjlhb ij'vi Sitimato child of K.n&0"oititvf„,?,;ith?doo8hter JS "Pfoals, wW ni ar ' what Eotponessi on 0J gb, Homonts, this HKdo,e 800U. First b on Orry it is not Bon fc0 S!; hS<l man, Brpeed, "; , h0 daro opoa ByshVS'Hdoal forscM.i.i l?1101! dumb tUanlw1 theroforo B fegooo was that a£tor niuch go»»ip iiT'coniora, many jcoiu, ahdaome tossinga of fomalo hauls, tho Yicnr'of tho pariah, Parson Goll, called one day at tho hut m Port- y-Vullin, and on tho followmg Sun day morning,' at church, little Kobbio Christian, tho clork and ooxton, road out tho askings for tho marriage of Liza Killoy. Bpinstor, of tho parish of Maughold, and Stophon Orry, bacho- lor. out of Icokufed. What a wedding it was that camo thrco wcoks later ! Liza woro a gay now gown that had boon lent her by a neighbour, Leila Coobragli, a girl who had moaut to bo married in it her self tho year before, but had not fully carried out her moral intention and had since homo, a child. Wearing such borrowed plumes and 'a brazon suiilc of defiance, Liza strutted up to tho Communion rail, looking impudently into tho men's faces, and saucily into tho woinon's — for tho church was thronged with an odorous mob that kept up the jabboriug of frogs at spawn- arid Stephen Orry slouched after her in his blowzy garments with a downward, shame faced, nervous look that his hulky manners could not ooneoal. Then what a wedding foast it was that followed ! Tho littlo cabin in Port-y-Vullin recked and smoked with men aud women, and ran out on to tho sand and pebbles of tho beach, for tho timo ol1 year was spring and tho day was clear and warm. Liza's old lovers were thoro in troops. With a keg of rum over his shouldor Nary Crowo, tho inn keeper, had como down from tho " Hibernian" to givo her joy, aud Cloavo Kinloy, tho butcher, had brought hor up halt a iamb from Bulla- glass, and Matt Mylchrcest, tho not-makor — a venal old skinflint — had charged his big snuff- horn to tlio brim for tho inauy noses of tho guests. On tho tablo, tho form, tho throo- loggod stool, tho bed, and the hour th, thoy sat togethor cheek by jowl, their katB liung 011 tho roof rafters, their plates perched 011 their knees. And loud was their laughter and dubious thoir talk. " Old Thursten Ooobragh led- oif on tlio advantages of . marriage, saying it was middlm' plain that tho gels nowadays must bo wodded when they woro babies in anna, for bye-cUildors woro common, aud a gel's father didn't euro in a general way to look like a fool ; but Nary Crowo saw no harm in a bit of sweot- hoartiti', uud Olo ivo Kiuloy said 110, of coorso, not if a'inan wasn't puttin' notions into a gel's head ; and Matt Mylchroest for his part thought tho gels woro amazin' like tho ghosts, for thoy got mto ovory skeleton closot about tho houso. "But thon," said Matt, " I'm an ould bachelor, as the sayiu' is, and dou't know uothin.'" "Ha, ha, ha! of coorso. not," 'laughed tlio others ; and thon thoro was a taato of a toast to 'Liza's future in Nary's rum, " Drop it," said 'Liza; as Nary, lifting his cup, loanod ovor to whisper. " So I will, but it'll ho into your oar, woman," said Nary. v. V So hero's to, the king that's. comin.'" By this timo Stophon had slipped out of tho noisome,. place, aud was rambliug on tho (pilot shore alono, with head beat, ohooks ashy palo, eyos ilkod, and his brawny hands thrust dcop into his poclcots. At Inst, through tho donso fumes within tho houso, Bolla Coobragli noted Stephen's ab3oncb, and " Where's your man ?" sho said to 'Liza, with a tantalizing light in lior oy#3. " Maybo whoro yours, is, Bolla," said 'Liza, with a .toss of tho head; " noar enough, perhaps, but not visible to tho naked oyo." Tlio effects of going to church 011 'Liza Killoy woro what tnoy often aro on a woman of base nature. - With a man to work for hor she became moro idle than boforo, and with nothing to fear from scandal moro rocklcss and sluttish. Having hidden hor nakoduoss in tho gown of marriage, sho lost tho last rag of womanly shamo. Tho effects on Stophon Orry woro tho doopon- ingof his sloth, his gloom, and his helplessness. What purpose in lifo ho ovor had was para lysed. O11 his first coining to tho island I10 had sailed to tho mackoral fishing in tho boats of Kane Wade— a shrowd Manxman, who found the big, dumb Icelander a skilful fisherman. Now ho noglcctod his .work, lost Bolf-rolianco, and lay about for hours, neither thinking nor fooling, but with a look of sheer stupidity. And so tlio two sat together in thoir ditcli, sinking day by day deopor and yot deopor into tho miro of idleness, morosoness, and mutual loathing. Nevertheless, they had their cheerful hours tnfTflfr.llAV. 'Tho ' king' of Nary's toast soon camo. A child was born— a bonny, suunv boy as oyer yot drew breath ; but 'Liza looked on it as a chock to hor freedom, a drain on hor energy, some thing helpless and looking to hor for succour. So tne unnatural mother neglected it, and Stephen, who was reminded by its coming that Itachol had been about to givo birth to a ohild, turned his heart from it and ignored it. ' Thus thoro spirit-breaking years draggod on, and Stephen Orry grow woe-hogono ana stono- eyod. Of old ho had been slothful aud spirit less indeed, but not a baso man. Now his wholo nature was all but gono to tho gutter. Ho had onco boon a truth-teller, hut living with a women who assumed that ho muBt bo a liar, ho had ended by becoming ono.' Ho had iu> com pany savo her company, for his Blow wit had found it hard to loam tho English tonguo, uud sho alono could rightly follow him ; ho had no desires savo tho potty ones of daily food and drink ; ho had 110 -purpose savo tho degrading purposo of defeating tho nightly wanderings of his drunken wife. Thus without any liuraaiy oyo upon him in tho dark way ho was going, Stephen Orry had grown coarse and hose. But tho ond was not yot, of all this man was to bo and kuow. Ono night, aftor spending tho day on tho sea with tho lines for cod, tho year deeponing to whiter, tho air muggy and cold, ho wont away homo, hungry, aud wot and cold, leaving liis mates at tho door of tho "Plough," whoro thoro was good company within and tho cheer of a busy fire. Home ! On roucbing Port-y- Vullin lie found tho door open, tho hearth cold, tho floor in a puddlo from tho driving raiu, not a bito or sup in tho Pimlinnwl nnrl n?« wifft lvillfT tlrilllk ttCrOHS tllO bed, with tho ohild in its grimy bluoncss creep ing and crying about hor head. It was tne beginning of tlio ond. Onco again ho fumbled tho naft of liis seaman's knife, and then by a quick impulso ho plucked up tho child in his arms. " Now God bo praised for your poor face," ho said, and whilo ho dried tho child's pitiful oyes, tho hot drops Btarted to his own. Ho lit tlio iiro, ho cooked a cod ho had hrought homo with him, ho uto himself and fod tho littlo ono. Thon ho sat hoforo tho hearth with tho child at his breast, as any raothor v-wivrlif /In nnd ImnfT ftvap lfc flr onlv a wotthm could who had suckled it thoro, for at longth ithadcomo to him to know that if it was not to bo lost aud worso than orphanod, ho must honcoforth bo fathor and mothor both to it. And when tho littlo oyos, wot no longer, but laughing like sunshino into tho big soared faco abovo thorn strugglod in vain with sloop, ho wrapped tho chilu iu his ragged guoninoy and put it to lio liko a bundle whoro tho iiro could warm it. Thou all boing douo ho sat again, and leaning his olhows on his kuocs coverod his oars with his hands, so that thoy might Bhut out tho souud of tho woman's hoavy breathing. - - „ . It was on that night, for tho first timo sinco ho flod from Icolund, that lio.saw tho full dopth or ms ouonco. umuiou ; umuu -- that of tho hlackost ; and in tho terror of Iiib loneliness I10 trembled at tholhought tbat somo day hia hornblo dumb socrot would bocoiuo known, that sQinothing would liappou to toll it — thut ho was married already when ho married tho woman who lay behind him. At that I10 saw how low ho had fallou— from hor who onco had boon so pure and true besido him, and had loved him aud givon up father, aud homo, and fauio for him ) to tlus trull, who now dragged him through tho, slush, and trod on him and hated him. Thon tho bitter thought came that what sho had sufforod for him, who had givon him ovory thiug, ho could norer ropay by one kind word or look. Lost sho was to hiui for ovor and over, aud parted from him by a yotwidor gulf thau ilvo hundred lnilosof sou. ouch wob tho agony of his shamo, and through it all tho snoro of tho sleeping woman wout Iiko iron through lus Uoaa, so iuai at itwwuu his arms about it aud sobbed out to tho (load firo at his feet, " Rachol ! Rachel ! Rachol 1 All at onco I10 bocamo conscious that tuo hoavy breathing had coasod) that tho houso was Bilont, that somothiug had touched him on tho shouldor, and that u gaunt .shadow stood besido him. It was tho woman, who at tlio sound of his voioo had arisen from hordrunkou sleep, and now gasped, " Who is Rachol V" , .. At that word his blood ran cold, and Bbiver- iinr in his olothos, ho crouchod luwor at tho hoarth, neither answering nor looking up. Then with oyes of hato she cried again, " Who is Bacliel ?" But tho only voico that auswored hor wbb tno voico that iaug witliiu hiin— " I'm a Xs' nan.- Godholpmo!" ' . , „„„„ " Who is Eaohol ?" tho woman cnod moro, aud tho sound of that namo from hor lips, hardening it, brutalisiug it,' bofouhng it, w as tho most awful thing by which his soul hud yot been shakon out of ltB stupor. . " Who is sho I say ? Answor mo, sho oriod in a raging voico ; but ho crouohod thoro still, with his haggard faco aud Jiwty ojes turned down. i Thon. sho laid . her hand on lus shoulder ana Bhookhiin, andcriod bitterly. ... . , " Who is Bho, this light . o'lovo— this bag- | jlt that ho stiilonod himself up, shuddored from to loot, flung her from him. and auswored in a terriblo voico, " Woman, shu is my wifo !" That v.-qi-a iiku a thunderbolt, loft a heavy silence behind, it. 'Liza stood looking in torror n a faco, uuablo to utter a cry.' , X>ut .next day alio wont to l'arson Goll and « 11 1 ,1 lh? 8t small comfort. Parson Goll had himself had two wives ; tho first lmd deserted linn, and after an inturval of Bix voars, in which ho had not heard from her, lio had vmjod tho second. So to 'Liza ho said, . Ho may liavo Binned against tho law, but what proof hnvo you ? None." ihou slio went to tho Dcomstor atRamsoy. It was pccmstor L ice — a bachelor much given to socrot gallantries. Sho got as littlo chccr from this sourco, hut yot sho cauio away with ono drop of solaco fcr- menting m the bitterness of hor heart. , - !' X 4 7' woman, it's moro common than ycu think for. Aud v.-hero's tho harm V Ocli ! it's hapLiouod to somo of tlio host -that's .going. IJo-.v,if hod hoaton you, or struck you" — anil tlio good man raiBod both hands aud shook iiio head. ' - Thou tho thought leapt to lior mind that sho herself could punish: Stophon a hundredfold worse than any Jaw of bishop or deomstor. If sho could sho would not now put him away. Ho should live on with hor, husband or bo bus- baud, and sho with him, wifo or no wifo. O11 hot- way homo slio callod at tlio houso of Kauo Witdo. sat down will, nl.l Tl-ia.r.a „wi somo crocodilo tears, vowod sho daren't1 havo tould it on no account to no othor niorthal Bowl, but would tlio heart of a woman boiavo it ? her man laid a wifo iu his own counthry ! Bridget, who had herself had four, husbands, lifted tier hands in horror, and noxt day, whou Stophon Orry wont down to tho boats, Kauo Wado, who had uowly turned' Methodist, was thoro already and told .him— -whittling a stick nsho spoko—that tho ilshing was wonderful loanliviu gottiu', aud if hodidii'f shbrtoiniaiias it would ho goiii' hogging on tho.houscs they'd all bo, surtou sure. Steplion took tlio hint in silcnco, and wont off homo. 'Liza saw him coming, watched him from tho door, aud studiod ltis hard sot faco with a grim smiloou hor own. Noxt day , Stophon wont off to Matt Myl chroest tho nctmukcr, but Matt Bhook his hcud, saying that Manxman had struck against work with thom. Tho day. after that Stophon tried Nury Crowo, tlio tnnkoopor, hut Nary said, of coorso, it wasn't himsolf that was particular, only his cu3tomors woro gottiu' nico extraordinary about a malt's moral cha racter. As a last ltopo, Stophon wont up to Cloavo Kiuiuy, wlto had land, and oskodfor a croft of ilvo ucros that run down to tho bouch of Port-y- Vullin. " Notliing ensior," / said _ Kinloy, " but I must liavn six pqundB for it hogiuning half- quartor day." Tho rent was high, but Stophon agrood to it, aud promisod to go again tho following day to soul his bargain. - Stophon was prompt to his ongagcinoht, - but Kinlpy. had gono on tho mountains aftor - somo shoop. Stophon waited, aud four hours later Kiuloy rcturiiad, looking abashed, hut dogged, and saying lie must havo good security for a yoar's rout down. Stophon went hack horn, with his head doop in his hroust. Again tho woman saw him coming, again slio studied liis faco, and again Blto laughed in hor heart. " Ho will lift liis hand to mo," sho thought, " nnd thou wo shall Beo." But ho soomod to road hor purpose, mid dotermiucd : to dofcat it. Sho might starvo him, horsolf, and their child, but. tho rovoiigo sho had sot her. mind, upon sho should not havo. ' ' ' Yottolivo with her and1 contain himsolf at ovory hrntuTaot or bostial word was moro tluin ho could trust himsolf to do, dud lio dctoriniuod to flyaway/Lot it bo .any1 whoro— any whoro — if only out of tho torturo of her prosonco. Ono placo was liko unothor in Mann, for go whoro lio would to any corner of "tlio island, there sho would suroly follow him. Old 'l'hurstan Coobragh, of Ballacroggau, fbvo him work at draining a flooded inoadow. t was slavory that no othor Christian man would do ; but for a mouth Stephen Orry worked up to liis waist in water, and livod on barley- broad and porridge. At tlio ond of his iob ho hud 36s. savod. and with this monov in his pocket, and tho child in his arms, lio hurriod ilowii to tlio harbour at Ramsoy, whoro an Irish puckat lay ready to sail. Could ho havo a passage to Ireland? ; Cor- . taiuly ho oould, hut whoro was his lioonco ? Stophon Orry had never heard until then that hoforo a man could loavo tho Isle of . Man he must hold a licence permitting him to do so. "Goto tho high bailiff," said tho captain of tho packot ; and to the high bailiff Stophcu Orry went. " I como for a licehoo to go away into Ire land," he said. : - " Very ' good. But whoro is your wifo ?" said tho high bailiff. Aro you leaving hor ho- hind you to baa burden oh tho parish ?" At that Stophon's heart sank, for ho saw that hi3 toil hud boon wasted, and . thut his savings woro worthless. Doomed ho was for all his weary days to livo with tho woman who liatod him. Ho was' bound to her, I10 was lonshod to her, and ' ho must go begrimed and bedraggled to tho drogs of ifo with hor. So ho wont baok homo, ana hid his money in a holo in tho tliutoh of tho roof, that tho touch of it might vex his momory -no more. And thon it flashed upon him that what lio was now sufforing from this woman was aftor all no moro than tho complomont and counter part of what Racholj hud sufforod from him in tlio years behind thorn. It was just— yes, it was just — and hocnuso ho was a man and Rachol a woman, it was loss than ho deserved. So thinking, ho sat himsolf down in his misery with resignation, if nnt nnn fntif VAwltlff TIAVnr to lift filfl hail(l tO tho woman, however tormented, and novor to loavo her, however tempted. And when ono night, after a storm, an open hoat camo ashore, he took it aud used it -to Mi with, and thus ho lived, and thus ho woro away liis wrotchod dayB. And yot ho novor could havo horno his punishment hut for tho siveot solaco of his child. It was, tho ilowor in his dungeon, tho bird nt its bars. Siuco that had night, whon his secret had hurst from him, I10 had nursed it and ohorished it, and had dono for it many tender offices. Every day ho had softonod its oatenko in his broth, and lifted tho barley out of hiB own howl into tho child's basin. In tho Bummor ho had stripped off shoos and stockings to batho tho littlo ankles iu tho hay, aud in winter ho had wrappod tho child 111 his jackot nnd gono bare-armed. It was now four years old and went ovory whoro with Stophon, astride on his broad baok or porchcd on his high shoulders. He had christened it Michael, but hccaueo its long wavy liair grow to ho of tho colour of tho suu ho called it, aftor tho manner of tho pooplo, Sunlocks. And liko tho suu it was, in that hut in Port- y-Vullin, for whon it awoko thoro was a glint of ro3y light, and when t slopt all was gloom. Ho taught it to speak his native Icolandic tongue, and, tho woman, who found everything Avil tluifc Stonhon did. found this a barrier botweouhor and tho child. Itwasonlyiuhisigno- ranee that ho did it. But 0I1, strango destiny ! that out of tho father's ignoranco was to shapo tiio child's wisdom in tho days that wero to como ! And littlo Sunlocks was oyes and oars to Stophon, and hopo to his crushod spirit and in telligence to his slow mind. At sight of tho child tho vacant look would dio away from Stophon's faco ; at play with lam btopliou b grout hulking logs would run hither and tlnthor 11 ready willingness ; and at hearing his strango questions, his wondrous answers, his protty, clover sayings, Stoplien'b poor donso wit would soom to Btand agapo. Oh, littlo Sunlocks— littlo Sunlocks— floating liko tho daydawn into this lono man's prison- house, how soon was your glad light to bo overcast! For all at onco it smoto Stephen i!i.» n iiiniiz mi tlm hrAin that though it was right that ho should livo with tlio woman, yet it was un awful thing that tho ohild should continue to do so. Growing up in such an atmosplioro with such anoxaraplo always present to his oyos, what would tho child becomo? Soured, suddoned, perhaps cunning, porhaps malicious ; nt least adapting himsolf, as his fathor had dono boforo him, to tho nir ho had to hroatho. And thinking that littlo Sunlocks, now bo swoet, so sunny, so artloss, so innocent, must como to tins, all tlio gall of Stophon Orry'b fnto roso to his throat What could ho do ? Take littlo Sunlocks nwnv ? That was impossiblo, for ho could not take himsolf away. Why had tho child been born ? Why had ho not died i Would not tho gefod God tnko him to himself ovon now, 111 all tho sweotncs3 of his ohildhood r AO, no, no-not that cither ; and yot-yes, yes, Stophon's poor slow brain struggled long with this thought, aud ut length a struneo anil solsmu idea took hold of it; littlo Sunlocks must dio, aud lio must kill him. Stephen Orry did not wngglo with Iub con science, or if ho cozonod it at all ho inado him- self holiovo that it would not ho sin hut sacrifice to part with tho thing ho hold dourest in nil tho world. Littlo Sunlooks wn« his Ufo, hut littlo Sunlocks must dio ! Better, hotter, bettor so . And having thus determined, ho wont oau- tiously, nnd even cunningly, to work. When tho littlo 011c lmd disappeared, ho himsolf would novcr bo suapootod, for all tho ialaud would say ho loved it too tenderly to do it a wrong, and ho would toll overbody that ho had taken it to 001110 old body in tho south who had wished to adopt a ohild. So with Sunlocks laughing and crowing astride his shoulder, ho called at Kano Wado's houso on Bulluro ono day, aud told Bridget how ho should miss tho littlo chap, for Sunlocks was going down to thn Calf very soon, and would not eomo homo again for a lung timo, perhaps not for many a yoar, porhaps not until lio was a big slip of a lad, and, mayho— who could tell ? — ho would uovor como baok at all. ' Thus ho laid Iub plans, but ovon whon thoy woro complcto ho oould not bring himsolf to carry them through, until ono day, going up from tho beach to soil a basket of crabs ana cols, I10 found 'Liza drinking at tho "Hiber nian." ' How sho camo by tho monoy was at first his BurpriBO, for Nary Crowe had long abandoned her; and having bittor knowledge of tho way sho had onco Bpcut hlsoarniugs, ho himself gave hor nothing now. But suddenly a dark thought camo, and ho hurriod homo, thrust his lmud iuto tho thatch whoro ho had hiddon liis savings, aud found tho plow) ompty. / Thut was tho day to do it, lio thought ; and I10 took littlo Sunlocks and washod Ins chubby faco and combed his yellow hair, curling it ovor his own irront undoft flncors. and nut hia hnuf olothos 011 him— tho white cotton pinaforo, and tho rod worsted cap, and tho bluo stockings freshly darned. This ho did that ho might comfort tho child for tho last timo, and also that ho might re member him at his beBt. Aud littlo Sunlocks, in high gloo at Buoh busy preparations, laughed much aud chattered long asking many questions. " Where uro wo going, fathor? Out — oh ? Whoro ?" . . : 1 , - " Wo'll boo, littlo Sunlooks"; wo'irsoo." 7"- /" " But whoro ? Church ? What day- is this ?" " Tho last, littlo SunlockB, tho last." " Oh, I know, Sunday." Whon nil was ready, Stephen lifted tho child to tho old porch aoross his shoulders, nnd mado for tho shore. His boat wus lying aground thoro; ho puBlicd it adrift, lifted tho child into it, and leapt aftor him. Then, t akin f tho oars, ho Tinllotl out for Maiur- hold Head. Littlo Sunlocks had novor hoon out in the boat before, nud ovorything was a wondor and do- light to him. " You said you would tnko mo on tho wator somo day. . Didn't you, fathor ?" " Yes, littlo Sunlocks, yos." It was cvoning, and tho sun was sinking behind tlio land, very largo and rod in its Bolting. "Do the sun fall down ovo'ry day, fathor ?" " It sots, littlo Sunlocks, it Bots." " Wliat is sots ?" " Dies." " Oh." Tho waters lay asloop undor tho soft rod glow, and ovor thom tho sea fowl woro sailing, " Why uro tho whito birds so'oaming ?" 'i Maybo thoy'ro calling thoir young, littlo Sunlocks." It was lute spring, and on tho hoadland tho shoop woro bloating. " Look at tho baby ono— away, away, up yonder. What's it doing there by itsolf on tho 'oolc, and o'y nig uud c'yiiig and c'ying ?" " Maybo it's lost, littlo Sunlooks." " Then why doesn't somobody go nnd toll its fatlior (" And tho innocent faco was full of trouble. Tlio sun went down, tlio twilight doopouod, tho air grow chill, tlio waters black, aadStephou was still pulling round tlio head. / " Fathor, whoro does tho night go when wo are asloop ?" " To tho othor world, littlo Sunlooks." ,":0h, I know— Heavon." Stephen stripped off his guoruaoy nnd wrapped it about tho child. His oyes sliono brightly, his mouth wus pavcliod, but ho did not iliuch. All thoughts, savo ono thought, had faded from his view. As ho camo to Port Moour tho moon roso, and about tho siimo timo tho light appeared on Point of Ayre. A littlo later ho saw tho twinklo of lessor lights to tlio south. Thoy woro tho lights of Laxoy, where many happy children gladdened many happy iiresidOB. Ho looked around, Tlioro wus not a suu in Bight, uud not a sound camo to liis our ovor tholow murmur of tho soil's gontlo swell. " Now iB tho timo," ho thought. Ho put in his oars and tho boat bogan to drift. But no, ho could not look into tho child's oyo3 and do it. Tho littlo 0110 would sleep soon und than' it -would, bo. easier dono. So ho took liira in his arms aud wrapped him in a pioco of sail cloth. .. . . - " Shut your oyos and sloop, littlo Sun locks." .. " I'm not sloopy, I'm not," ; ' , : > Yot soon tho littlo lids foil, oponod again and foil onco moro, und. thon suudonly. tho child started up. " But I liavon't said my p'ayors.'' , " Say thom now, littlo Sunlocks." " Gontlo'Josus, meek andmild, Look upon a littlo child, Guiu-d mo whilo in Bloop I lio, Tako mo to Thy homo ou— oil " " Would you liko to go to heavon, littlo Sunlooks?" . " No." « Why not?'-' . ' " 1. want to kcop with— with— my filth— — " Tho littlo oyos woro closed by this timo, and tho child was asleep 011 Stophon's knees. No w wn8tho timo— now— now. But no, it wasliaidor now than ovor. Tho littlo faco— so Bilont, ' so1 peaceful— how formidable it was ! Tno littlo soft hand in his own big hard palm — howBtrougaud tor- rihlo ! : Stephen lookod down at tlio child and his bowels yearned ovor it. It cost him astragals not to kiss it ; but 110, that would only innko tlio task hurdor. Suddonly a now thought smoto him. What had this child douo that I10 should tako its lifo ? Who was I10 that lie should rob it of what I10 could novor givo it. ugttin ? By what right did ho dare ;.to , como between this living soul :und: hoavou,? Whon- did' tho Almighty God toll Aim what tlio after life of . this . haho . wus to bo? Stophon trembled at. the thought.' . It was liko 11 voico from tlio skies calling 011 : him to stop, aud a hand reaching out of thom to Buatch the child from his grasp. What ho lmd iiitondod to do was liot- to bo? Heavon lmd sot its fnco ngaiiiBt it ! T fill Oil. IahIM M A! in IUH I T ttiln .uii-wo kjuiuuiiito >voa nub i.u uiu . JJIL.HU UUII- locks was to livo. Thank God ! Oh ! Thunk God!- ' But Into that night, a group of pooplo stand ing at thoir doors 011 tho bouch ut Fort Laguo saw a tall man in his shirt bIoovos go by in tho darknoss, with n stooping child in lus arms. Tho man was Stophoii Orry, and ho wa3 sobbing liko a woman whoso hoart is biokon. Tho child was littlo Sunlocks, and ho was boing curried buck to liis inothor'b homo. Tho pooplo hailod r, Stophon and, told liim that a forcignor from a ship in tho buy hud boon asking for him that ovoning, ' Tlioy hud sent tho man along to Port-y-Vulhn. Stophon hurriod homo with four athis honrt. Tti flim tiimnfna 1m urn a flinpn nnil tlinn liiu lifn'a blood ran cold. Ho found tho houso ompty, oxcopt for his wifo, nud sho lay outstretched on tho floor. Sho wus cold— bIio was dead ; and iu clay, 011 tho wall abovo her houd, thoso words woro writtou iu tho Icolandic tonguo, " So is Putrickson avengod." Aveugod ! Oh, powors of Heavon, that drivo tho potty passions of mou liko duBt boforo you ! CHAPTER VI. THE XITTEE WOULD OP BOY AND OIKL. Throo days later tlio bad lottory of 'Liza Killoy's lifo aud death wasplayad out and dono. On tho morning of tho fourth day, somo timo hoforo tho duwn, though tho mists woro rolling in front of it, Stonhou Orry roso in his silont hut in Port-y-Vullin, lit a flro, cooked a hasty meal, wakonod, washed, drossod. and fed littlo Sunlocks, then nailed up tho door from tho out- sido, liftod tho child to his shoulders, and turnod his faco towards tho south. When ho passod through Laxoy, tho sun Btood high, ntid tho dust of tho roads was hoTng drivon in thoir faces. It was long past noon whon I10 cuino to Douglus, and at a littlo shop by tho harbour bridgo ho bought a pouuy worth of barley cako, gave half to Sunlocks, put tho othor hair into liis pookot, audpuHhod 011 with longer strides. Tho twilight was deopcuiiig whon ho reached Castletown, nnd thoro I10 inquired for tho houso of tho Govornor. It was pointed out to liim, and through hoavy iron gates, up a winding car riage, wiw lined with elms and bordorod with daffodils, ho mado towards tho only door ho saw. It wus tho main cntranco to Government- houso, a low hroau porch, with a bouch on cithor sido, nnd a cross-barred door of knottod oak. Stophon Orry paused hoforo it, looked norvously around, and thou knocked with Iub knuckles. IIo lmd walked Bix und twonty miles, carrying tho child all tho way. IIo was weary, footsore, hungry, nud covered with dust. Tlio child on his shoulder was liogrimod und dirty, his littlo faco sinoarod in streaks, his wavy hair loadod and unkempt. A footman in red and huff, powdered, stareliod, gartorod and dainty, oponod tho door. Stophon Orry askod for tho Govornor. Ths footman looked out with aur- priso at tho badragglcd muu with tho child, and askod who lio wus. Stophcu told his imino. Tho footman askod whoro ho cntao from. Stophon auswored. 'Tho footman naked what ho camo for. Stoplien did not reply. tVns it for moal ? Stophon shook hiB head. Or money? Stophon said 110. With another glance of ourpriso tho footman shut G10 door, Baying tho Governor was at dinnor. Stoplien Orry lowered tho littlo ono from his shoulder, sat ou tho bunch,' in tho perch, lilacod tho child ou liis kuoo, nud guvo him tho re mainder of tho hurley cuke. All tho weary journoy through I10 had boon pationt anil chcorful, tho bravo littlo man, uovor onco crying aloud at tho pains of his long ride, novor onco whimpering at tho dust that blindod liim,' or tho hoat that mado him thirsty. Holding 011 at his fathor's cap, ho lmd laughed anil sung ovon with the clianuols still wot on his checks, where tho big drojis had rollod from hi3 oyos to his chin. Littlo Sunlooks muueliod at his barley cako in Bilenco, and in tho gathoring diu-knos3 Stophon watched hiin as ho ato. All ut oueo a silvery peal of child's laughtor enmo from within tho houso, and littlo Sunlocks dropped tho barley cako from his mouth to listen. Again it caino ; and tho grimy face of littlo Sunlocks lightened to n sinilo, and that of Stophon Orry lowored aud foil. " Wouldn't you liko to livo in a houso liko this, littlo Sunlooks ?" Just then tho dark door opened again, and tlio footman with a taper in his hand, camo out to light tlio lamp iu tho porch. " What, hero still ?" I10 said. " I'm waiting to sco tho Govornor," Stophon Orry answoroa. Tho tho footman wont in and lold thoGovornor that a big man and a child were sitting 111 tho porch, talking BOino foroigu lingo together, aud refusing to go away without ' sooing liis Excel- 0 m Sring "thorn/In, " said tho GovernorT 'r Adam Fairbrother was at tho dinnof-tablo, onvoloped in tobacco clouds. His wifo, Ruth, had drawn her chnir asido that Bho might knit. Stophon Orry cntorod slowly with littlo Sun- . locks by tlio hand. " This is tho person, your Excollenoy," said tho footman. " Como in, Stoplieu Orry," said tlio Go- Stophou Orry's faco softouod at that word of wolcomo. Tho footman's dropped aud I10 dis appeared. Then Stophon told his errand. " I Bliall como to havo givo you somothiug," I10 said tryiug to spoak in English. Adam's wifo raised hor oyos nnd glanced ovor liim. Adatn himsolf laid down his pipo and held out his hand towards Sunlooks. But Stophon hold tho cliild hack a moment and spoko again. " It's all I shall havo got to givo," ho said. " What is it ?" Baid Adam. " " Tho child," said Stophon, nnd passcdlittlo Sunlocks to Adam's outstretched hand. At that Adam's wifo dropped her knitting to hor lap, hut Stophon seeing nothing of tho amazomont written in her faco, went 011 in his broken words to toll thom all— of his wife's lifo, hor doath, his own soro temptation, nnd tho voico out of lioavon thut had called to liim. And thon with a moistened oyo and a glnnco at Sun looks, nnd in a lower tono us if f oaring tho child might hear, I10 spoko of what I10 mount In do now — of how lio would no hack to tho horriuga, nnd mayho to sou, or porhaps down into tho minos, hut novor again to Port-y- Vullin. And hocnuso a lone mnuwasno com pany for a ohild, and oould not tako a littlo 0110 with hiin if I10 would, ho had como to it at lust that ho must noeds part with littlo Sunlocks, lending him, or mayho giving, to somoono ho could truBt. " And so," I10 Baid huskily, " I shall say to mo of toil and ofton, ' Tho Govornor is a good maii and kind to mo long, long ago, andlshall givo littlo Sunlooks to him.' " Ho had dropped lus lieau luto.m ore us no spoko, uud being now finished I10 stood fumbling his scraggy goatskin cap. Thon Adam's wifo, who laid listened in muto surprise, drew horsolf up, look a long breath, looked first ut Stephen, then at Adam, than buck at Stephen, and Biiid in a hated " Well, did any living soul ovor hear tho liko in this island before ?" Not rightly understanding what this might moan, poor Stophon looked hack- at hor in his weak, dazed way, hut inadohur.no answer. " Children might ho soiirco," slio said, and gavo a littlo angry toss of her head. Still tlio moaning of what sho ' said had not worked its way through Stophon's slow wit, and ho uiumblod iu liis poor blundering fashion: - !' Hois all I havo, ma'am." " Lord-a-massy, man," Bho criod sharply, " but wo might have every child iu tho palish at your price." . . , : Stophon's 'Angara nowbliitchod nt his cap, his parted lips quivered, und again ho floundered out, stuminoring liko nil idiot : "But I lovo him, ina'am, more tliau all tho world.") " Thon I'll thank you to keep liim," sho nnsworcil, hotly ; and after that there was a dead sileiioe for umoinunt. In all Stophon's reckoning never onco had he countod on this— that aftor lm had brought himsolf to tliatBoro pass, ut which I10 could part with SunlockB, uud turn hi3 bnck on liim, novor 111010 to bo olioered by his sunny faco und merry tongue, liovor ngniu to ho wakonod by him ui tlio morning, novor to listen to his gontlo breathing in tlio night, novor to food him nnd wusli him, novor to curry hira fsbouldor high— any human creature could say no to hiin from thought nf tho littlo food I10 would cat or tho littlo truublo ho would ask.- . . Stoplien Btood a moment, with hia poor ho- wildorod. stun'oflod . fnco lain" down, and the great lumps, surging hot in his throat, and then, without a word moro, ho Btrotchod out his hand towards thb child; ' But all this timo Adam had looked 011 with swimming oyoB, - and now lio drew littlo Sunlocks yot closer between his knocs, and said, quiotly I :: ii '- I " Ruth, wo aro going to kcop tho littlo 0110. Two faggotB will burn bottor than ouo, anil this sweet hoy will -ho company for our ljttlo Greohu." "Adam," slio cried, " haven't you children enough of your own, but you must needs tako othor folks' ?" :' " Kutli," no answered, " i liavo six sons, nud if tlioy had boou twolvo, porhaps, I should liavo hcon bettor x>ioasod; so thoy lmd nil been as strong and hoarty ; audi havo ouo daughter, und if thoro had boou two it would liavo suited mens well." Now tho runour of Stephen Orry'b former marriage, which 'Liza lmd so zoalously sot nfoot, had roachod Government-house by way of Laguo, and wliilo Stephen had spokou Adam had romomborod tho etory, nud thinking of it ie had sinoothod tho head of littlo Sunlocks with a yot tenderer hand. But Adam's wifo, recalling it now', said wurmly : Mayho you tlunk it wiso to bring/up your daughter with tho merry-begot of uuy raaiibaidiA that comes prowling uloiig from goodness kiiows wnero. , - . - i "Ruth," said Adam, as quiotly as hoforo, "wo aro going to kooji tlio, littlo ono," and at that his wifo roso and walked out of tho room. Tho look of bewilderment had not yot been drivou from Stoplien Orry's faco by tho expres sion of joy that had followed it, und now ho Btoodgluuciiig from Adam to tho door and from tho door to Adam, ns much as to say, if his coming had hrought strifo ho was ready to go. But the Govornor waved his hand, ns though following liis thought nud dismissing it. Then lifting tho child to his kneo, ho askod his namo, whereupon tho littlo man auswored promptly that liis namo was Sunlooks. " Miehaol," Baid Stephen Orry ; " hut I call him Sunlocks." " Michael Sunlocks— a good namo, too. And what is his ago Vj "Just tho ago of my own darling," said tho Governor ; and sotting tho child ou his feet, ho rang tho bell and Baid, " Bring littlo Grcolin hero." A tniuute lattor a littlo brown-haired lassio. with ruddy chcoks nnd laujhing lips and sparkling brown oyos, camo racing into tho room. Slio waa in her night-gown, ready for lied, hor feot woro bare, and under 0110 arm slio carried a doll. " Como hero.Groohavog," said tho Govoruor, nnd ho brought tho children fuco to fueo, and thon stood asido to Wtttc-u mom. Thoy regarded each othor for a momonlwith tlio Bolomii uloofuc3s that only children know, twisting and curling asido, oyoing one another furtively, rieithor of them seeming so much ns to boo tho other, yet neither of them sooing anything or anybody cIbo. llus littlo freak of child manners rim its courso, and thon Sunlooks, novor heeding his dusty pinafore, or tho little maiden's whtto nightgown, hut glancing down at hqr biro feet, and scorning to romombor that when Ins own woro sliooloss somoono carriad him, stepped up to hor, put his arms about hor, and with lordly, masculmo superiority of strength, pro ceeded to lift hor bodily in his arms. Tlio' attempt was a disastrous failure, aud in nnothor inomonttho two wore rolling over ouch other on the floor ; a result that provoked tho littlo maiden's direst wrath, and tiio blank astonish ment of littlo Sunlocks. But boforo tho tear-drop of vexation was yet dry 011 Greeba'o face, or tho silent bowildormont liad gono from tho faco of Sunlocks, slio was holding out her doll 111 a sidelong way in liis direction, as much as to say lio might look at it if ho likod, only I10 must not think that sho waa asking him ; and ho, notliing loth for hor liereo reception of his gallant tender, was devouring tho strango sight with oyos full of awo. Thou followed somo short iuuiticulnlc. chirps, and tlio doll was passed to Sunlooks, who turned tho strango thing— such as oyes of his had novor behold— ovor nnd ovor and ovor, wliilo tlio little woman hrought out from dark corners of tlio room, nnd from curious recesses unknown savo to her own hands aud knees, a slato with a poncil and sjiongo tied to it by a string, a pic- ;uro-book whereof tho binding hung loose, somo hits of ribbon, red and bluo, nud finally (hveo tiny cups and saucors with all tlio accompany ing wondor of erciim-jug and tea-pot. Iu three minutes more two littlo bodies were sitting on thoir haunohes, two littlo tonguos were cackling and gobbling, tho room wns rippling ovor with a merry twitter, tho strango serious air was gono from tho littlo faces, tlio littlo man and tho littlo maid were far away already iu tlio littlo world of childhood, and all tlio univorso besido was gono, nud lost and for gotten. Stephen Orry had looked' down from his lis dull, slow oyos had llllod, for in somo way that I10 eould not follow thoro lmd como lo him at that sweutsight tlio saino doop yearning that hnd pained him iu tho hoat. . And seeing how littlo Sunlocks was rapt, Steplion struggled hard with himself and said, turning to tho Governor : " Now'stho lima for mo lo slip away." Thon thoy loft tho room,, unnoticed of tlio busy pooplo on tlio floor. . ... Two. hours Intor. lifter littlo Sunlocks, having fifstmlsscu nra'Inf nor, -ms mu's noeuu uiiu uno, companion, lmd criod a littlo) and soon coasod to cry out of joy of- his new comradeship, and hud thou nestled down .his Bunny head 011 tho pillow whoro littlo Groohiv'b curly doll also lay, with tho doll botwoen him and hor, and some marbles in his hand to comfort his heart. Stephen Orry, uunblo to drag himself away, wus tramping tho dark roadB about tlio houso. TTn wnnf, nfr nt Innrrtfi. n.ml wna noon 110 moro at Castlotown for many yours thereafter. Now this adoption of littlo Smilouks into tho family of tho Governor was an incident that produced many offects, and tho lirst of thom was tho sorious cstrangoiuont of Adam and his wifo. Novor had two persons of temperaments so op posed lived bo long in outward lmrinony. I-Ior face, liko somo mountain country, revealed its hoforo and after. Its spring must hiivo been kcon and oagor, its summer was ovorcast, and its winter would bo cold and frozon. Sho was not a Manx woman, hut cumo of a family of French refugees, sottlcd ns advocates 011 tho north of tho island. Always vain of show, slio lmd married iu hor early womanhood, whon Admn Fairbrother was nowly returned from Barbary, nnd hia adventures abroad woro tlio common gossip and spoculution. But Adnm lmd disappointed hor ambition at tho outset by dropping info tho ruts of a homely lifo. Only onco had sho lifted him out of thom, nnd tlint was after twonty yours, when tlio whim und wisdom of thoduko hud led him to visitLuguo ; nnd thon her impntiouco, hor importunity, hor fuss and flurry, and appeals in tho namo of thoir children, had mado him govornor. Moantimo, alio had horno him six sons in rapid succossion during tlio hrst ton yours 01 luiirriiigo, andnttor an intorvul of ten other yours abound borne a daughter. Four and twonty yours tlio good man livod nt penco with hor, drained of his serenity by liar restlessness, and of his uusol- flshuoss by hor self-seeking. With a wiso con tempt of trifles, I10 had kopt poaco ovor littlo tilings, nnd tlio island had long amused itself about his pliant disposition, hut now that for tho first timo lio proved unyioldiug, tho island said I10 wns wrong. To udopt a ohild against tlio wish of his wife, to tako into his fuinfly tho waif of a drunkon woman and an idlo foroignor, wns an net of stubborn injusticoand folly.,) But Adam hold to his purpose, and Micliaol Sunlocks romtiinod at Govornment- house. A your passed, and Sunlocks was trans formed. No ono would havo recognised liim. Tho day liis fathor hrought him I10 hud hoon palo unuor tno uuot mat covorou nun ; 110 nau boon timid and had trembled, and his oyos lmd loohed startled, as though ho hud already boon beaten and cuffed aud scolded. A child, liko a ilowor, tukos tho colour of tho air it broutlioa, nud Sunlocks had not boon too young to fool tho grimy cold of tho utinoBplioro in which ho had boon born. But now ho had oponod liko u roso to tho Bun, nnd liis cliooks woro ruddy uudhis oyes wero bright. Ho lmd lioeome plump and round and sturdy, and liis lmir had curled around his head aud grown yot wurnior of huo, like' tho plumes of a bird in tho lovo season. And, liko a bird, I10 elurrappod tho long day through, skipping and tripping and laughing und singing ull ovor tho houso, idolised by somo, beloved by many, curosaud by all, oven winning upon Airs. Fail-brother horsolf, who, whatever hor objection to liis presence, huu not yot steeled herself against 1ub oweotiioss. Another year passed, and tho children grow togothor— Sunlocks and Grooba, boy and girl, hrother and sister — iu tho sexless communion of healthy childhood, witli thoir littlo whims, thoir littlo ways, their littlo tills, and with tlio littlo sorrows tliat ovoreast existence. Anil Sunlocks picked up his English words as fust as ho picked shells 011 tho beach, gathering thom 011 his tonguo us ho gathered liiu shells iuto his pinaforo, dropping thom und picking thom up agaiu. Yot another year went by, nnd then ovor tho luminous' innocence of -the children thoro crept tlio strango trait of box, revealing uireudy their littlo differences of character, and showing what tlioy were to ho iu days to como — tho littlo maul, quick, urgont, impulsive, and vain ; tlio littlo man, quiet, unselfish, uud putiout, hut linlilivfii /mflsiirutu /lYfmnttm. A fourth year passed, and thou tho littlo pooplu wero parted. Tho duchess cumo from London, whore bur nights hud no roposo aud her days 110 freshness,' to got hack a little of tlio colour of tho suu into her pallid cheeks, aud driving ono day from Mount Murray to Govorumoiit-housu Bho lit ou Grooba iu tlio road outsido Castlotown. It was summer, and tho littlom-iidon of eight, bright us tho sunlight that glistened on hor houd, lior cheeks nil pink and whito, her oyes sparkling under hor dark lushes, hor' hrowii hair rippling behind hor, her frock tucked up iu llshwifo fashion, hor legs hare, and her white linen suu-bonuot swinging in her hand, was chasing a butterfly amid tlio yollow- tipnod goriio that grow by the road sido. Thut vision of beauty nud houlth awakened a iuomory of less charm und freshness. Tlio duchess re membered a littlo maidon of hor own who was also eight years old, dainty and pretty, hut pale and sickly, peaked up 111 u chill stouu houso in London, playing 11I0110 with hows and ribbons, talking to horsulf, and having 110 companion ox copt a iidgotty French governess, who was wrinkled uud lmd lost soinu of her teeth. A fow days later tho duchess caino again to Govornmont houso, hrought a guy now nut for Grooba, uud proposed that tlio littlo maid should go home with hor us playfellow for her only child.— -Azliuapromptly said "No" to lior proposal, with what emphasis hia ' coOYleSy" would pormit, urging tliut ureoua, being so much younger than lior hrothors, was liko un only cliild in tho family, and that sho was iu liny cuso un only daughter. But Adam's wifo, thinking sho saw her opportunity, found many reasons why Grooba should ho allowed to go. For would it ho right to cross tho wish of so groat a ludy ?— and 0110, too, who was in a souso thoir mistress also. And then who could say what tho duchess might do for the ohild somo day ? — und in liny ovent wiisuT it a cimtico for which anybody olso iu tho island would givo both his oars to havo his daughter brought up iu Loudon, liud at tho great houso of tho Duko of Atliol ? , Tho cud of it was that Adam yielded to his wifo now, as ho lmd often yieldod before. "But I'll sadly miss my littlo lussio," ho said, " and I much misdoubt but I'll ropont 1110 of letting F.i?0 . ni,o«ir 1.,'a lined mid looked XUU IYUUU miuui«ivvn..«..— troubled, tho littlo maid horsolf wus in un ecstasy of delight. . "And would you really liko to go to Lon don, Grooba von ?" . . ... "But should I soo tho cnrruigos, and tho ladies on horsobuck, aud tho shops, and tho littlo girls in volvot— should I, 0I1 ?" " Mayho so, my voon, mayho so." " Oh!" Tho littlo maid guvo one glunco at tho infi nite Bploudour of hor now bow mid fcathor, and lior dark oyos oparklod, while tho eyes of hor " But not Michael Sunlocks, you know, Gr'eohavou ; no, nor mothor, nor. fathor." ' At thiit word thoro' was a pretty downward curvo of tiio littlo lip ; but lifo lmd 110 real sorrow for ono with such a lmt and Biich a prospeot, and tlio noxt instant tho bright oyes leapt again to tho leaping hoart. " Then run away, Grooba veil— ran." Tlio littlo maiden took hor fatter ut his word, though it was hut Badly spoken, and hounded off in chuso of Miehaol Sunlocks, that bIio might toll him the great news. Sho found hiin by tho old wooden bridgo of tlio Silver Burn near tho Mulow Church. Micliaol Sunlocks had lately Btruck up a fast friendship with tho carrier, old crazy Chalso A'KUloy, who soraotimos lent him his donkey for a rido, Bareheaded, barefooted, with breeches rolled up -above tho kneoe, his shoes anil stockings Bwuiig nhout his nook, nnd his W'ivy, yollow hair rough aud tangled, Michnol Sunlocks was now seated barebacked on this donkey, tugging tho ropo that, served it for curb and suafllo, and persuading it by tho help of a blackthorn stick to cross tho river to tlio meadow opposite. And it was just when tho doukoy, a croaturo of becoming meekness und most venerable nge, was refloating on these arguments, and contemplating tho wator at his shoes with a penaivo oyo, that Grooba, radiant 111 the happiness of hor marvellous hat, camo skipping on to tho bridge. In a moment sho blurted out lior nows be tween many gusts of breath, and Miehaol S1111- " locks, pausing from his labours, oat on liis docilo beast, and lookod up at hor with great - wonder iu his wido bluo eyes. " And I shall boo tho carriages, and tho Indies on horsoback, and I.I10 ships, and tho wax works, and tho wild boasts." Tho oves of Sunlochs grow liuzy and wet, hut tho little maiden rattled on, cocking lior cyo down as oho spoko at hor reflection 111 tlio smooth' - river, for it took a World of glances to ' grow familiar with tho marvel that sat on < hor head., "And I shall wear vol vot frocks, and havo " now lmts often, and lots of goodies and things ; nnd— und didn't I ulways Bay a good fairy would coino for mo somo day.'1 ."What are talking ol, you silly?" Baid' iuicwici OUUIOCKB. "I'm not a 'silly, and I'm going away, and you are not; nud I'll lmvo girls to play with now, not hoys — thoro!" Miehaol Sunlocks eould hoar no moro. His oyos overflowed, hut his chcuks rodoued, and ho said: " What do I care, you stupid ? You eati. -- - go, if you -'Uko," and - then --down., came Ins stick with a sounding thwuek ou tho donkey's flunk; ' - up his hinder logs aud 1 ducked down his hond. nud tumhlod his ridormto tho wntor. Michnol Sunlocks scrambled to Iiib foot, all dripping wot, but with oyes aflnmo nud lus littlo hps not . hard, nnd thon laid hold of tho ropo bndlo nnd . tugged with ono hand, whilo with the stick in the othor ho cudgelled tlio donkoy until ho had forced it to cross tho nvor Grcoba, who had shrinked at Mictiaol's fall, . stood trembling with clnspod hands on tho bridgo, aud when all was ovor, tho littlo man turnod to lior with high disdain, and said, after a mighty toss of Iub glistening wot head: " Did you think I wns drowned, you Billy ? Wliy don't you go, if you aro going Not all tho sploudour of bow and fcathor : could lioli) tho littlo maiden to withstand indifference liko tlus, bo her hp fell, undnho said : u Well, you needn't say ho, if you an? glad I'm going." Aud Sunlocks nnsworod,- 14 Who says I'm glnd ? Not that I nay I'm not, neither, " ho nddod quickly, leaping untrulo lus beast . again, , Whereupon Greoba ontd, "If //or/ had been .» going away, I should havo cried," and thon to savo . horsolf from bursting out mhisvory faco, slio turned about quickly and llod. "But I'm not such a silly, I'm not," Micliaol Sunlocks Hlioutod aftor lior, and thon down camo anothor thwack on tho donkoy, and away -, ho sped across tho. moudow. Rut boforo ho had riduon 1 far ho . draw rem and twistod about, and now his bluo oyes woro swimming onco moro. 44 Grooba," ho called, nnd hia littlo voico broke, but no. answer camo hack to him, " Grooba," ho callod again, moro loudly, but Grcoba did not stox>. " Grooba !" ho shouted with ull his strongth — 44 Grooba— Grooba !" Rut tlio littlo maid lmd gono, aud thoro was no : response. Tlio boos woro humming in tlio gala of tho gorso, aud. tlio hrodlios woro buzzing about tho donkoy's ears, wlulo tho mountains woro fading away iuto a dun wot huzo. Half an hour lator tlio carriage oE tho duohoss drovo out through tho iron gates of Govorn- moutdiouso, and tuo littlo tnauloii seated in it by tho sido of tlio stately lady was crying m v voico of child-liko griof : 44 Sunlocks— Sunlocks ! Littlo Sunlooks !" Tho advantago which tho Govornor's wifo proposed to horsolf in purting with hor duughtor sho novor gaiuod, aud ono of tho socrot onds of hor lifo wus thereby not only disappointed but defeated ; for whilo thoduchoss did nothing for Grcoba. tiio girl's uhsanco from homo lod Admn. to do tuomoro for Michael Sunlocks, Deprived of his immediate ohjoat of affection, his own littlo maiden, Adam lavishod his lovo on tho stranger whom chanco had brought to his door ; being first jironiptod thereto by tho thought, which camo only: when it was too Iuto, thut iu sending Grooba, . away to ho company to some other child ho hud loft poor littlo Sunlocks uthomo to ho solo com pany to himself. Rut Miehaol Sunlooks soon won for himsolf tho carcssos that woro onco duo moroly to pity of his loneliness, and Adam's hoart wont out to hiin with tho strong uffuclion of ufuthor. Ho throve, ho grow— a tall, lilho, rounddunbod lad, witli tlio smack of a man in Ins speech and ways, and all tho strong bounty of a vigorous woman in lus faco. Year followed year, lus schooldays camo and went, ho hccumo moro aud yot moro tho Govornor's quick right hand, ins pou and his memory, oven his judgmont aud thn staff ho loaned on. It wan 44 Michael. Sunlocks" hero, nnd44 Michael Sunlocks' tlioro, and 44 Miehaol Stuilocks will ecu to that," and 44 You may safely loavo it to Micliaol Sun locks," anu meantime tlio comely and winsomo lad, with a man's sturdy independence of spirit, hut a woman's yuurmng inr lovo, having long found whero thin account lay in tho houso - of Govornor Eairhrotlior, clung lo that good limn with moro than tho affection, because loss than tho coiiuuciice, ol a sou, and Iiko auou no stood to hiin. Now, for ono who found this relation uweofc and beautiful, thoro wore many who lound it .. 'false and unjust, implying an unnatural pre- foronco of a fatlior for a stranger botoro ins own children; nnd foromcst among those who took thin unfavourable view worn Mrs. Fuudnothor and hor sous. .She blamed her husband and thoy blamed Michael Sunlocks. - The six sons of Adam Fuirbrotlmr had grown , into six rudo men, all big, lusty follows, rough and hungry, scarod aud centred, like tho land thoy livoa on, hut differing much at many points. Ashor, tho oldest, throe and thirty wliou Sunlocks was fifteen, was fair, wilh groy ' eyes, flabby faco, niul no chin to speak of, good- hoartod', but unstablo us wator. IIo waa for lotting tho old man aiul tho l td alono. 44 Amy, mnn.nisy, what's tho odds i 1 ho would say, in liirt drawling way of spuakmg. Rut Iloss, tho 8ocoii'l 8011, and Stoan, tlio tlurd, both oruol, and hot-blooded men, reproached Ashcr with not objocting from tho tlrst, for 44 Och," tlioy would sav, 44 one of tlieso line days tlio ship will bo wrecked and scuttled before yer very eves, and not a pound of cargo left at her ; aud all aloug . of that cursed young imp that'll after Hmfiin' uud -suifllu' abaft ot tho uuld man," a hguro of epoccli which meant that Adam would will lus. rbcl'o ngTi fgV" "W WhtuA- —Aui conjccturo, rnurstan, tuo lourtueon, a bJaoV- bourded follow in top boots, always rod-oyod with much drinking, hut strong of will aud tho ruler of his brothers, would say 44 Aw, well, lot tho littlo hoach-comhur kcop his woathor oyo liftiu'," and Jacob, tho huh son, sandy as a fox, and as sly auu watchful, and John, tho youngest, known as Gentleman Johnny, out of tributo to his lovo of dross, would shako their heads togotlicr, nnd hint that tlioy would yot find n way to cook tho gooso of any smooth faced hypocrite shaming Abrahrain. Many a device thoy tnod to got Miehaol Sunlocks turned away. They brought hud stories of his father, Stophon Orry, now a namo of torror to good pooplo from north to south of tlio island, a secret trader rtmumg holweou tho revenue cuttors in tlio ports aud smugglers out side, porhaps a wrockor haunting tho rough channels of tho Calf, uu outlaw growing rich rumours mado no impression on old Adam, but thoyproducod u powerful clloct whoro no effect hail boou expected. Rit by bit, lus heart wout : out to tlio Govornor, there grow upon Michael . Sunlocks a dcop loathing of tho vory utuuo und thought of his father. Tho .momory if his father was now a thing of tho mind, not tho uffoctions, and tho chum of tho two omotious, lovo for Ins foster fathor aud droad of his natural ono, slowly hub suroly tightened about him, so thut his streiigost . hopo was that ho might novor again sot oyos oa at length into tho lunula of thosixFairhrothers, and lod tho way toatotul rapture of old Adam's family. (TonuooKTivuxn.) 