®rumb0 9 Rinks, Races, Circus. .. Santley, Theatre. Football. Morphetville. Frank Lincoln. Polioy Cabinet. MisB May Holt. Leader HuBsey. Barry great day. Norwood v. Port. New story on page 8. " Milton's Paradise." Summary on Monday. When the gas was out. A friend and a brother. Football on three Orals. Where was the blnecoat ? Robbery in Bundle-street "Every Man for Himself." Santley arrives to-morrow. Strasburg Clock still going. Third Sunday after Easter. Vesuvius again spluttering. One of the most brilliant, &o.; Norwoods slightly favourites. Spirited Spiritualistic Social. Don't be taken in by a tanner. Bnsy ronnding off the phraseB. America's Greatest Humourist, Great crowd at Kensington OvaL Barometer at noon to-day. 29'86. Give the deserving farmer a Bhow. The greatest of English baritones. Don't forget the Military Ball, bovs. Almost under the nose of the polioe. Parleyings with China to be renued.! Revising and polishing the speeches. What pleasure a gardener can oonfer. Adelaide v. Medindie—Adelaide Oval. Grand Naval and Military Till. May 24. South Adelaide v. Gawler—Gawler Oval. Tend your gardens before the wet comes. Practically told to mind his own business. Wholesale human butcheries in Abyssinia. Clean up your buttons for the Military Ball. Norwood v. Port Adelaide—Kensington OvaL Radical Hussey is as innocent as a suckin dove. A few more soore pounds wanted for psor Cockies. A Tory M.P. wants a Royal Prince as Irish Viceroy. Some gilt sixpences abont passing fir half sovereigns. Earl and Countess of Kintore at the To a a Hall May 24. "Bertie" voted again for the Deceased Wife's Sister. Parnell's counsel "sharply rebuked" by Judge Hannen. "Over the red hot ploughshares of unbelief himself." Premier put his foot down to obl'ge George Feltham yesterday. J. McKenzie and C. Fry will probably pla for the Ports to-day. "Bigotry murders religion, to ft.'ghten fools with her ghost." Is the Nabob of Port Elliot goirs to develop into Premier? Could not sleep last night for thinking of points for the speech. Only representative clubs should aBk th? Governor for patronage. Twenty-aeven of a majority in the Lords against that poor " sister." Archbishop Walsh still being "heckled" on behalf of friend Parnell. Tommy Atkins in fnll force at the Military Ball on the Queen's Birtnday. " Music bath its charms." So sayeth some residents of Rose-street, Glenelg. Parson Hastings has not been long i i finding out the beauties of Adelaide. if he foundation stone of St. John's Church Halifax- street, was laid May 11,1837. The Archbishop admits that his countrymen can write " abominable" articles. Of course Union Parliament will be invited to reception at new Parliament House. Sun rose at 6.46 a.m.; sets at 5.7 p.m. Moon set at 1.45.a,m,; rises at 2'56 p.m. The Governor objects to becoming Pai.-on of individual Cycling Clubs. Quite right Deceaeed Wife's Sister again turned out of the Lords. Old fossils prefer a mother-inlaw? More land being cultivated adjacent to Adelaide tbis season then for many yer .dpast. The Mayor of Adelaide will welcome Mr. Santley to Australia, Well done, Ade laide 1 Quotation for May 11 Nature and wisdom always say _tbe same- Fuvtnal. The Secretary of the Cyclists' Tourists' Club has had a misunderstanding with his " Rover." Handlebar," in " WheeLNotes." tells of a sad experience a " Rover cyclist had the other day. Maria Theresa, Archduchess of AuBt.ia, was crowned at Pragoes Queen of Bohemia May 11,1743, That nocturnal trombone performer of Rowe-street, Glenelg, quite enlivens ths neighbourhood. Afternoon tea may be had at the Kensington Oval to-day, and at all football matches during the season. The Abyssinian "Elect of God" ordered the massaore of two thoasand prisoners before he was himself killed. As the members have to swallow whit is given them, more care is necessary in t^e preparation of the pills. The Rev. Mr. Hastings thinks Adelaide Paradise now; wait till it is 116° la the phadq and he wili think it Inferno. The largest attendance cn record at the- Home for Incurables' meeting. Of course the Earl was not the attraction ? it will be an impressive [ceremony at th& Tcwn Hall to -night, and the little Chancellor will be the most impressive of all. A fight between a bicycle and a cart at Kent Town. After the first round the Secretary to the CyoUng Tourist Club carried his* machine home in three pieces. Quotation for May 12:— A sacred burden in tbis life ye bear; loot on it, lift it, bear it solemnly; Stand up, and walk beneath it, steadfastly. KMe. 1 Does the Chief really think that the inmates of the Home for Incurables will suffer less because the Earl and Countess of Kintore have become associated with the Institution? Mr. William Giles died May 11, 1&G2.; Old colonists will remember him .as " a fine old English gentleman, one of the olden time." He was Manager of the South Australian Company for twenty years. MC3 David I., King of Scotland, died at Carlisle May 11, 1153 aged fifty-three. Oar historical Crumbman writes—" Though not exactly the counterpart of the sonof Jesse, he was a decent sort of a chap for a Scottish k'ng." Definition of Kiss,- by Marie, Cnrrumnlka: —" Yn kant anilize a kiss enny more than yu kan the breath of a flower. The only way to deskribe a kiss is to take one, and then setdown, awl alone, out of the draft, and smack yure lips." The Kapundaites and the Adelaidians were connected by telegram May 11, 1859, just thirty years ago. " Sudden as the spark From smitten steel, Irom nitrons grain tbe blaze." The message was transmitted over the intervening fifty rules. The Right Hon. Spencer Percival was shotby'aman named Bellingham in the lobby of the House of Commons, May 11,1812. Bellingham avowed that he had been waiting to take the life of Lord Levison Gower, late Ambassador to the Court of St. Petersburg. The assassin was tried, fonnd gailty, and executed on the seventh day after the crime. Did he meet his victim in Hades ? William Pitt, the elder, died May 11, 1778, aged 70. His Parliamentary career gave him many opportunities for the display of his splendid talents. His strenuous opposition to the measures of Sir Robert W&lpole; induced the Duchess of Maryborough, who hatsd Walpole, to bequeath him a legacy of £10,090. Towards the end of his lite h a popularity began to wane, but his noble and eloquent denunciations of the coercive measurtB whioh led to the American War of Independence re-established hia fame as a- stateattian, a patriot, and a mam 