Amateur Opera Company. The third and last production of H.M.S. Pinafore was performed on Wednesday night and went off without the slightest hitch. The principals were excellent and the chorus good, there being a vast improvement observable compared with the Monday night's pro duction. Throughout the season the houses have been good and the takings must have reached a fair figure. On Wednesday night between the first and second acts Mr. C. V. Naylor stepped before the curtain and said that he trusted the audience would excuse his 'three-cornered' appearance, but he desired on behalf of all concerned in the opera to sincerely thank the people of Bathurst for having so kindly patronized them. He was fully aware of the great depression which had existed in the district for a long time past, and hence the attention given to the efforts of the performers, who were all (with the exception of their accomplished Prima Donna) amateurs, was all the more gratifying. He begged to remind them that on Monday and following two nights the opera of Les Cloches de Corneville, which had on a former occasion been so well received in Bathurst, would be played. The characters, with very slight exceptions, would be undertaken by the same performers, and he trusted the people of the city and district would again generously support the undertaking. In view of Mr. Naylor's announcement that the ' Cloches' will again be performed, we give a short sketch of the argument for the benefit of our readers:— The Marquis of Comeville and the Count de Luceniv, proscribed nobles (attainted for political reasons), II- froin France. The latter leaves his daughter Lucloime and his property in elusrge of Oaspiird, a miserly steward, who brings up this child rs his mere, under the name of Gemmine, and conceals the treasures in the tuuHs of tho deserted Chateau of Comovillo, scaring away visitors or intending tenants by tq p,.ts that the nustlo is haunted. At the opening of the Opera a number of village girls anil men aro on their way to the fair. Among them is Serpolette, u waif, nnd iiuiicl oAill-work to G^rmrd. She is leaving his sen- ice in dNirast, and is joined by '?-.?: :naine, whom Ou-pard wishes to marry to the liaillie, n pbmr^us, meddling fellow. She is betrothed to Grenicheux, u fisherman, who, as she supposes, has saved her from drowning. But her deliverer was in reality Henri de 'Corne ville, tho young Manjuia, and enptuin of a privateer, who is returning to claim his title and possessions. At the hiring fair he meets Oermnine, and hears the legend of tho Hells, and enrages Germaine, Serpolette, and Grcnichoux as tenants. The Second Act t;\\-cs place in tho halls of tho Chateau of Comeville, where the llurquis makes two discoveries— first, that Germaine is the maiden -whom lie rescued from drowning ; secondly, thut the Count do Luconay placed his infant daughter in Guspard's chargo. Serpolette imngines that she is the child in question, and determines henceforth to live us one of her exalted rank. Grenicheux is disguised iu armour, and is set to watch for intruders. The Miser appears, plays the ghost, and gloats over his sold ; but a ghostly chant is heard, the rusty bells to', and mailed spectres (the dead lords of Coruovillei appear anil advance upon the wretched Gasjwrd, who sinks terror-stricken upon his gold, The tliird act unravels the mystery attached to Germa'ne. Gaspard, in hU lucid intervals, owns that she is not his neiee, but Luciennc de Lucenay. Serpoletto is undeceived as to her real rank, and is obliged to resign her borrowed plumes. Orcilcheux is forced to confess his fraud, nnd tho betrothal of the Marquis and Germuine is heralded by the chimes of 'Les Cloches de Corneville.' 