» - » ; OUR LONDON LETTER. (from our own correspondent.). , „ London, 19th July, 1889. The Royal Italian Opera is still drawing crowded houses to Covent Garden Theatre. Augustus Harris added another to his already long list' of successes, with an Italian version of Wagner's opera, "Die Meistersinger. " Mr. Arthur Roberts had a benefit "last Monday, when the Avenue Theatre was packed from floor to ceiling. An immense' programme was provided which took five hours to get through. The chief item was a piece entitled " Gore ; or the Yellow Seal," in which Arthur Roberts played the Ghost. " Lancelot, the Lovely " is being taken on tour by Arthur Roberts, who; on his return, will go into management with Mr. A. VVatkin. They have their eyes on the Novelty Theatre, but so also has . Mr. Penly, who is also ori the look-out for a theatre. Miss Genevieve Ward' has been playing " Forget- Me-Not " to good houses at the Grand, Islington. Luring the week she produced a new piece entitled — "Forgotten," written by Mr. F. M oore of the Belfast News Letter , who so recently got into hot water for criticising Mr. Bentley's acting. If " Forgotten " was the play the critic read to Mr. Beritley, : lie was quite justified in falling asleep during the reading. The Opera,Limited is the title of the company which is being, formed to run Her Majesty's Theatre with a capital of £50,000 in £20 shares. The theatre will re-open shortly for a - series of promenade concerts, and there is some talk of producing, a pantomime at Christmas. . " True Heart," at the Princess's, was not a success, and the theatre had to be closed until arrangements could be. made for revivals of " The Still Alarm" and " Proof." I hear the bad business done with " True Heart " will about wind up the company ;who took the theatre from Miss Grace Hawthorne. The rapidly- swelling list of marriages between the aristocracy and the stage received .another addition last week, when Viscount Dunlo, the son of the Earl of Glancarty, was married to a well-known and popular music-hall artiste, Miss Belle Bilton. Great was the excitement in the " hupper suckles " when the news first became known. . The divine Sarah opened at the Lyceum in " Lena, " a French version of " As in a Looking- Glass, " but owing to a rough voyage across the Channel she did not play up to her usual form.: " La Tosca " is to be played during the week. By-the-way Sarah Bernhardt has become a grand mother. Her son Maur ice has just had a little daughter presented to him. "Jim the Penman" comes to an end this week. The theatre will remain closed until August when it will re-open with "The Middleman," a new piece written by Henry Arthur Jones. I regret to announce the death of Carlotta Patti, which occurred in Paris last week. As a concert- singer she gained a great, reputation not only in England, but also in America and Australia. > During the last few years she forsook the concert platform : arid devoted the whole of her energies to teaching, i. The Actors' Co-operative Co., which sprung from : the . meetings held by " unemployed " actors, have : taken Sadler's W'ells Theatre, and open it to-morrow night with a five-nights' production of " The Orange ;Girl, with " The Silver King" to follow. , " The Red Lamp," " Ballad Monger," and " Merry Wives of Windsor " have been revived this week at .the Haymarket, which brings Air. Beerbolnn-Tree's season to a close. " Aunt Jack," a comedy which in construction and complications resembles " Mamma," was produced at the Court Theatre with great success. The dialogue is well written, and the situations are extremely funny, and were heartily applauded by the audience. It is only necessary to say that Mrs. John Wood. and Mr. Arthur Cecil played the leading parts, for you to know that the acting was as good.as the comedy, and I can safely predict that " Aunt Jack " will prove as popular and enjoy as long a run as " Mamma." It is rumored that the new Gilbert and Sullivan Opera will be produced at the Savoy during the first week of November. " The Yeomen of the Guard " is still going well and strong. A splendid production of Verdi's "Otello" was given for two nights at the Lyceum. Among the artists engaged are Signor Tamagno, the finest of all Italian tenors, sang splendidly as Otello. Mr. Maurel gave a finished study of Iago, and Signora Cataneo was a good Desdemona. ' A new- drama of Spanish life entitled "The Marquesa," was produced at the Opera Comique. The piece proved a dire failure, and was only relieved by uiiG-iinC' dieting oi xvxiss ijouisci iviooutiy 111 wit? Libit; rold. What gossips are saying : — That Beerbohm-Tree will give us another Shake spearean production, which will probably be "King John." That Signor Tamagno, who played Otello at the Lyceum, has been engaged by Mr. Abbey for America, at a salary of £400 per night. That " Granny " Stevens benefited to the extent of £200. i T.bat there will be a short opera season at Drury Lane in the Autumn. That the naughty play " Pink Dominos " will be rpvived at the Criterion if the authorities will permit. NOYCE. » 