S P O R T I N G F I X T U R E S . TO-PAY (THURSDAY), 31ST JANUARY. MoriJi'> " K --~ diaHoc. ir c a c c s 0 n 0W AND SATURDAY, t l ) e Richfield Course, Mor- 1ST AXD 2ND FEBRUABY. I 0 N R Gfdong Jlocing Club 3Iecting.-to Geelong. ' MONDAY, 4TH FEBRUARY. r-ctnrid -I vi fit cur Turf Club Meeting (16th Febru- ' ary) -Entries close. 1- mi'ift K'iciii'ff Club Autumn Meeting (2nd, 5tli ' nil and 9tli March).—Entries close. Wru. I have simply taken my handicap to guide 0 in deciding what is well in, arid a comparison of it r,' Mr Barnard's manifesto convinces me that nothing , /rvvhiue Moorebank Lochiel, Pearl Shell, Chaldean, g" , wow, The Gift, Goldstream, Artisan, Buffalo nil 1 Rich worth and Pentagon has the ghost of a show in * B Newmarket Handicap; and that Lochiel, Pearl eiifill Chaldean. Tradition, Abercorn and Gipsy King bold 'the rest as safe as if they were boiled in the Australian Gup. 1 NOTICE that the Rubicund One has been rnnme. me a turn for allotting Pakeha only 7st. 91b. i mv Newmarket Handicap. In bis opinion 8st. 101b. is the nroper weight tbe son of The Englishman and True Ti|UQ ghould have to carry in that event. It's all very well to throw out your chest and deliver oneself oracularly to that effect, but, with all due deference to my Featherweight Friend, in view of his remarkable change of front in re Tradition (whom he now handicaps at Sat TIM nuving tbe space of three phort months, I flatter mveelf that my judgment is to the full as keen as his, more especially when I can back up my opinion by Bbowiug excellent reasons why it should be taken as a fair and just one. Last year Pakeha started 17 times, being first twice, second four times, third thrice, and eight times unplaced. He won tbe South Yarra Handicap, even furlongs, with 7st. 121b., Toronto being second with 7st 51b., and Master John third with ®t. 121b.; the field -onsisti'nfi of The Charmer, 8st. 51b.; Nectarine, 7st. Gib.; "aoul, 7st. 31b.; Iroquois 7st.; and Jean, Cst. 81b. For that win they rose him 121b. for his next essay, the ton a, Handicap, six furlongs (Newmarket Handicap istance). Then he succeeded in making a dead heat ith Raoul (7st. 61b.), Chronograph (7st. 81b. > being bird, Ambition (7st. 61b.) and Iroquois (7st. 41b.) also mining; the time being Imin. 18sec„ and tbe owners greeing to divide the stakes. At the Queen's Birthday leeting of tbe Melbourne Hunt Club last May in tbe irthday Handicap, of three-quarters of a mile, itli Sst. 101b. in tbe saddle, Pakeha finished bird to St. LouiB (Sst. 131b.), and Whitefoot st. 131b.: the other starters being:—The Levite, 8at. lib.;The Forsaken, Sst. 51b.; Chronograph. 8st. 51b.; t. John, Sst. 41b.; Gasburner, 7st. 101b.; Edith, 7st. 91b.; «.\io,7st.Gib.; Casuist, 7st. 61b.; Marksman, 7st. lib.; Motion, Gst. 131b., and Autumn, 6st. 71b. Surely St. oois, with Sst. 131b., and Whitefoot, with 7st. 131b., ould hardly be up to Newmarket Handicap form! In be last Newmarket Handicap Pakeha ran nowhere with t, 111b., aud on tbe last day of the meeting, with 7st. lb. up, lie finished third to The Charmer, with 7st. 81b., nd Escutcheon, 7st. 101b., the mile of the Farewell odicap being accomplished in Imin. 43?sec., or at the te of six furlongs in Imin. lSJsec. The Charmer gave ateha a good 71b. beating, and so, according to my ould-be critic she ought to be placed on the 9st. lb.'mark in the Newmarket Handicap, and yet I fail discoverher name amongst bis 20 elect, although he eta down to fist. Gib. I Why is this thus ? I grant that lieba is a very fair horse with a bit of weight at about mile and a furlong or a mile and a quarter; but no henomenon even then. He is no Bix furlongs horse, ough, in auytbing like Town Hall Ball company with t. on bis back—were lie fit and well, and that was why gave him 7st. 91b. And the morel think about it the ore convinced I am that he is not entitled to a solitary and more. " Ob, but," I fancy I Lear the " Vigilant" "y say, " he ran Becond to Recall for the Bagot udieap of a mile and a-half and a furlong, with i same weighi as the winner—8st. 61b." Right Dare, Crustacea Giganticus I But what price the rest Itbefield? Aud again, your handicap only considers a 21b. beating. Why, bleBS your beaming old counting-house,' bad the race been only three-quarters la mile Recall would have won with more consummate than he did. "Something had to be second." 'es the true secret of Pakeha's position. Under fob law" (the law of must) he would have finished ventb. Aud you seem to divine that truth, too, otttBelf, as you make Boz, who was then in the receipt of it pounds from him, and finished last, give him three «mb in your appointment. Go on awi S 'fflE racing claus will foregather at Dreamy ®ow with Geelongese to-morrow (Friday) and Saturh ™ in this connection trainers and jockeys are rawed that no tickets or passes will L>e given at the ™™ ther racing day. They can only be obtained ei Sparrow, tbe secretary, before 10 o'clock on j„7-i light, at bis office, in Geelong. On Friday Saturday r a special train (horBes and passengers) will opencer-etreet at 8.37 a.m., returning from the ourse at 6 and 7.40 p.m. Two other special trains wave town at 10.15 a.m. (stopping at all stations) and ™wn. (stopping at tbe Werribee and Geelong only), returning at 5.80 and 5.55 p.m. Tickets issued by a mig amiable for return up till Monday 136 no two ways' about it, Caulfield Raceis a_thing of beauty even on a beast of a day like Half stifled with tbe dust of town and the cues to the course, no sooner was the visitor fairly "1 reff ?.^tes 'h&n; he forgot all his disabilities in the ' ™mg scene before him. There were the lovely Ire 8 of flowers, of all the colours of the rainbow, with a luxuriance they only seem to attain ttalfl ud then there was the beautiful • !0n, 6reen A carpet, composed of the richest •»him u ' ° grass,inviting one to incontinently 'Haw i u f f a l and loll there, enjoying his otium 6 "Etlifr here waB a fine attendance, too, and -•olosi/i " T B- Of course, having read your ?n Saturday r a c i n morning (and not to haveread Item « ' y o'clock of a Saturday morning is ™ oneself 11 b a 9 fossil, alongside of whom Rip Van ^lilin sleep for 20 years up in the "Y™tains. W e u t t o he looked upon in the light of Won "je Period)—I m u s t say, having read the %e T 'uing Notes m the Australasian, * ,,luito ra prepared to see " ye Baronette's Hintau? uotti and Baron's Court—acquit themcreditably; and, equally of course, you 1 iIe «ptioatT>' —Sulpholine lotion drives away ligatiL I S I , -S 1 S K Blotches, A S I ? S Redness, and Disfigurements, Totlessskin—Bottles. m )le So'd evtrywhere. never dreamt of doing anything else than backing Jem Scobie's mount (Sir Launcelot).in the Hurdle Race and Tommy Corrigan's (Flashlight) in the Steeplechase. And having done all these things, you would—that's if you were Krafty (goakl) enough—bave your little bit on Ernani for the seventh event—the Trial Handicap—and having once more " smote the Philistines " you might possibly have dropped across Fred Woodhouse and Sam Cook and Joe Morrison and Tom Power and yours truly, and wound up the day by imitating the merry monks of Croyland, who remembered one saint more. After which you would hie away to the platform to discover that the railway arrangements were a thousand per cent, better than ever they had been before, and that you were " signed, sealed and delivered" at Flinders-street station in the quickest time on record. I SAY again, you might have done all these things—made and provided that you had fortified yourself with Harry Skinner's luncheon, That was tbe true philosopher's stone to the whole lot. A luncheon like " mine host" provided on Saturday settles the question that Marriage is a Failure in one act, and if washed down by a bottle of Aitchison's ale renders one impervious alike to the attacks of typhoid fever or any other form of " stiff 'uns." I WAS awfully pleased to see " Sir William" have another winning turn on Saturday, not altogether because I had my pieces on his horses (though I far from despise the little glittering coins—in fact, I wish I had won a few more of them); but because Sir W. J. Clarke's proceedings on tbe turf are above suspicion. He has never felt it incumbent upon himself to attempt to palliate in print the fearful inconsistent running of his horses; nor has the leading sporting writer in the colony had occasion to advise him to give suburban meetings a wide berth. A good trainer, a model lad like young Osborne or Morrison for jockey, a well-bred animal and a Straight Run foe Your Money—what can the >RacingitPunter lidesire more? Therefore " Vive la le Baronet." " ME, A. A. WOODS, the racing judge, desires it notified that be has resigned his position at Sherwood Park. " Thus Monday's Argus. Only that, and nothing more. Not one little word as to the why or the wherefore that the Sherwood people will have to seek fresh WoodB for their pastures green. Perhaps it is because the recent hot weather has blasted the aforesaid pastures green. I am not aware whether the weather has done so or not, but I am given to understand that not a few of the noble army of punters did last Friday. One of them told me on Saturday that to get E. D. to pass as a 12.2 pony would be bad enough, but when it came a case of a perfect Mernder being allowed to compete it was highly unwrong. Great Scott! I wonder what he meant 1 HEIGHO ! Heigho ! But it's a great summer intoirely, so it is 1 During the last week or so I found nothing so cooling and refreshing as to study the opposite opinions expressed by the Herald and tbe Sportsman anent the action of the Melbourne Ciicket Club with regard to tbe cricket imbroglio. Now the Herald and the Si>ortsman are printed in the same office, and belong to the same proprietary. Turn up the last page of each and at the bottom of the concluding column you will find the same notification—" Printed and published by I. Feigl for the proprietors, John Halfey and Samuel Vincent Winter, at the office, 304 and 306 Little Collins-street, Melbourne." This being so one would naturally suppose that both papers would be run on similar lines. But not so! Regarding the dubbing of the 'late cricket match between an eleven of .the Melbourne Cricket Club and New South Wales the opinions expressed by the sub-editor of the Herald and the cricket reporter of the Sportsman are as the poles asunder. Read, mark, learn and inwardly digest them for yourselves :— The Herald. The Sportsman. As it now stands, it seems The match, of course, was that we are not to have any not under the patronage of really Intercolonial Match the Victorian Cricketers' with New South Wales this Association, and, must I say, season, but are to be offered a hence the cordiality. For match, M.C.O. v. New South that reason it has been stated v*ales. As the Marchioness that it i aunot be looked upon to'd Dick Swiveller, if you as an intercolonial contest, imagine a good deal you can but for the ile of me I fail to imagine that orange peel and see why. Did not the water are really a very fine players look upou it as wine ; bu it would take even such? Did not the public a longer stretch - of the im<gi- look upou it as such? nation to enable one to And was not the Vict rian believe that a cricket match team as much a representabetween the Melbourne Club tive one as ever before and the neighbouring colouy stepped into the field? The is an Intercolonial Match. answer must be yes to each question. Therefore to call it by any other name would be an absurdity, notwithstanding the existence of that rule of the V.C.A.. that is so often pointed to by the few. tbe very few, that support that erratic body in its recent muddling. Now I take it that the Sportsman scribe's remarks mean nothing unless they mean that the writer of the Herald sub-leader was a Consummate Hass. Or can it be that the proprietors of the Herald and the Sportsman desire to be all things to all men, and so get their scribes to take up a certain side in one paper and write just the contrary in the other ? It seems awfully like it—does it not i Alack-a-day t What price the Independent and Outspoken Press ? THE great trump card played by the toadies to the Melbourne Cricket Club is that there are not sufficient leading players on the Victorian Cricketers' Association—some going so far as to aver that there wasn't a solitary cricketer belonging to that body. However, that last assertion has been knocked out of time, and the toadies have now fallen back on the " not sufficient leading cricketers " part of the business. Well, let us have a glance at this aspect of affairs. It doesn't necessarily follow that because one man can hit a ball a bit farther than another man, he must possess more legislative ability than him. As a matter of fact, your leading cricketer or footballer is generally a mere machine, possessing physical ability above the general, but slightly lacking in brain power. Youth is an essential in his particular department; whilst in the cabinet age and experience are the great desiderata. H. C. A. Harrison and Theophilus Marshall would make but a sorry fist at football nowadays, albeit they captained their respective sides in the great Natives v. The World match, way back in the early sixties—when there were giants in the land. But their administrative ability with regard to football at tbe present time is never for a moment questioned. They have been all through the game; have seen its different phases develop themselves; and know it from A to Z. The same with plenty of other gentlemen constituting tbe Victorian Football Association. Taken as players, they have seen their day; but, having seen it, they are the better qualified to legislate l on matters of detail in connection with the winter pastime. And so should it be in Cricket. To my mind, there are too many " leading cricketers " on the Association. Some of them have no ballast; others, no more backbone than an oyster. Consequently, these " leading cricketers "are the mere creatures of impulse, with no more powers of volition of their own than a jumpingjack, but subject to the same remarkable gyrations when properly bandied. And yet, according to Uie latest toady theory, the number of these Remarkaoles should be augmented every time new talent developed itself —that is to Bay, when you transferred a good junior into the senior ranks, and he approved your judgment, he should straightway command a seat at the council table of the. V.C.A. Could anything be more nonsensical ? The fact of a man being a "leading cricketer" should not debar him from representing his club as a delegate provided he was competent enough. But, on the other hand, it should not influence his selection one iota, if there were any doubts as to his ability. The cry that it is the outsiders of a club, tbe lawn-tennis, skittle men, etc., that elect tbe delegates is so much bunkum. How many (if any) clubs are affected by the votes of those generally accepted jolly good fellows ?" And who are the real supporters of cricket? Ie it tbe " leading players " or the " outsiders ?" Does every " leading player " ante up bis subscription to tbe club he is supposed to represent? Or does it not sometimes happen that he travels on his reputation? But the "outsider " is a complete outsider in such transactions; his is a case of " Stuff up; no tick!" And, again, what proportion do the playing members of any cricket club bear to the " outsiders," who belong to the club and;pay their subscriptions out of pure love for the game ? And yet these latter are to be completely ostracised in the selection of delegates for their clubs ( Mr. B.J. Wardill, having held out the velvet sheath long enough, now exposes the sword of steel it contains, for in a speech he made in Sydney last week, when an eleven of the M.C.C. were being welcomed in tbe Oxford Hotel (mark tbe italicised word, Mr. Travis, if you please), he said that " a promise had been given to the New South Wales Association that should the Melbourne Cricket Club deem it advisable during their five years' agreement to band over the management of matches to a representative body in Victoria they were at liberty to do so. but he trusted that his committee would never allow the matches to go into other hands. The Melbourne club intended, now they had tbe opportunity, to always bave the financial arrangement of these intercolonial matches in their own bands; but they would allow cricketers to appoint their own selection committee, and tbe profits would go towards the instituting of a fund to be devoted to the relief of veteran and retired professional cricketers "— which, as the M.C.C. is the only club possessing professional cricketers, ie tantamount to saying that the profits would go towards the M.C.C. That gush about " allowing cricketers to appoint their own selection committee " is so much flapdoodle; for in the days to come, if Mr. Wardill's scheme is carried out, to be accounted a " ericketer," or to possess a show of playing in an intercolonial match—that is, against New South Wales, mark you—a man will have to be a member of the Melbourne Cricket Club. ANOTHER funny part of the arrangement is that the M.C.C. only intend to interfere with Intercolonial cricket matches so far as New South Wales is concerned. I was present when the Secretary of the M.C.C. advised tbe Bporting editor of the Australasian to such effect. If such a course of procedure as that is in "the interests of cricket," then cricket must be in a very, very bad state, indeed! IN my humble opinion the principal reason for the Victorian Cricketers' Association desiring to return to the original (the old original) practice of one Intercolonial match a year with New South Wales is the fact that just at present we are a bit short of talent, whilst our New South Wales cousins are just tbe reverse —thanks to Turner and Ferris. There were no two matches a year between the colonies until our friends across the border developed Spofforth, Bannerman and Evans, when tbey immediately gave us Jack- up-the-Orchard, by winning seven matches in succession. They were strong then and we allowed them to hit out according to their strength; but there's no reason why we should continue to do somore especially when there are other colonies to be taken into consideration. It's all very well to cack'e about " showing the white feather," and " such a course not being a manly one," and so forth. There's a mighty deal of difference between pluck and foolhardiness; and it doesn't follow that because you are once a mullet you must always be a mullet. I remember foreshadowing this in the Sydney Referee last October, when, as Melbourne correspondent, I wrote as follows:—" After amassing our score of intercolonial wins by the slow and tedious process of one a year, it certainly was kinder rough when the tide of success turned Port Jacksonwards that we 6hould go under twice during the same season ; but with the return match to the Melbourne December fixture taking place in Sydney during February; the baldheaded fact remains that we have done so for some years past. It took UB from 1867 to 1873 to win six matches—one a year—whilst since January. 188G, we bave lost the same number—two a year. So tbat it isn't very remarkable, what with tbe decadence of cricket in Victoria and your development of trundlers like Turner and Ferris, that our cricket parliament should have resolved to play low for a time until we have unearthed some talent, and to curtail tbe intercolonial contests between New South Wales and Victoria to annual affairs.iTbat's what I call developing the bump of kokumosity. And another thing is, that South Australia, Tasmania, and even New Zealand, each want to be in tbe swim, as it were, so tbat we can stratagetically retreat from the two times twice business with you with sowe sort of justification." Now, those remarks appeared in the Sydney Beferee of the 3rd October, and, strange to say, during that very month Mr. Fairland, secretary to the New South Wales Association ground trustees, paid a visit to Melbourne, and was shown round by tbe genial secretary of the M.C.C. And, putting that and tbat together, perhaps my ponderous friend "the Obstructionist" (with a big O, Mr. Printer, if you please) was a bit off bis base when he inferred that there had been a private understanding between the secretary of the M.C.C. and Mr. Gibson, the Sydney delegate, prior to tbe latter attending the meeting of the Victorian Cricketers' Association. Codlin may bave been the friend, not Short. THE committee of the Fitzroy Cricket Club have generously decided to forego their charge of ten guineas (£10 10s.) for the U6e of their ground for the late match, Victoria v. Adelaide Juniors, on the 15th and 17th December, which, owing to the weather, resulted in a financial loss to the Junior Cricketers' Association. COMMENT would be superfluous anent the following extracts from two morning papers regarding the attendance at the cricket match Eleven of tbe M C C. versus New South Wales, at Sydney, last Monday:—The Argus'. "The attendance was very meagre; in fact, one of the smallest ever seen at an important match on tbe Association's ground." The Age: " The attendance of spectators was very good for an off day." The same old Ananias as ever! THERE was a great match between the Thespians aud St. Kilda, on the St. Kilda Cricket Ground, last Friday The play-hactors went in first, but although J. C Williamson hit up 15, Bennet and Beaumont 14 each, Manning 11 and Leslie 8, the bowling of Morehouse, Keoeb, Smith and Burton proved too good for the others, and the innings closed for 75 runs. After a luncheon in the pavilion, during which the fun was fast and furious (under the M.C.-ship of Dave Scott), some entertaining songs and recitations being delivered by Messrs. Leslie, C Cogill, Manning, Bowen and Simpson (of tbe American Baseball team), the St. Kilda team attempted to knock up the required 76; but although they had the assistance of the Intercolonial man, F. Burton, and the Ormond crack, Crusoe, they suffered defeat by 14 runB, Billy Ford taking four wickets and Neilson and H. Muserove three each. In their second innings the Thespians amassed 111 for eight wickets; H. Musgrove (37), W. Ford (36), H. Bennet (25), and Beaumont (9), being the prime factors. This makes eleven matches won out of thirteen played by the Thespians tbis season under the command of Mr. J. ;C. Williamson. After the mateh there was a " Cab Mystery " transpired on the St. Kildaroad which knocked the •'hansom" business into smithereens. Only fancy eleven individuals, totalling between them 140 stone avoirdupois, packing themselves into one vehicle, to say nothing of Charlie Cogill s cricketing wardrobe, including those wonderful pants with the "gusset" (Query: Leg-of- mutton sail?) let in where it would do most good. AT the annual meeting of the Cricket Council held in the Pavilion at Lord's ground on Monday, 10th December, Mr. Smith (Derbyshire) moved tbe following resolution, of which his county had given notice :— If a crick? ter born out of the United Kingdom comes to England and makes his permanent home in any county, he shall be allowed to play for that county on his giving written declaration that his permanent residence is in such a countv anu that he will not identify him* If with or play for anv other 1 he c- unty in which bis home is siiuated sliall be co sidered for the purpo es of county cricket as equivalent to the county of his birth. He said it was no secret that the resolution had been To ''Y EH COME WFAKNF.SP.—Pepper's Quinine and Iron Tonic Eives New Lite. Appetite, Health,Strength, and Energy; cures Nervou= Debility and Neuralgia. Half-crown bottles. Everywhere. Insist on having Pfcl'PliU'S. suggested to bis committee in view of the fact that Mr Spofforth had taken up bis residence in Derbyshire, and if some resolution of that kind were not passed, Mr. Spofforth would be debarred from taking part in firstclass cricket for at least two years. He thought that no harm could come of that resolution, and his committee hoped tbat tbe council would pass it. Mr. A. J. Webbe opposed tbe resolution, and said be was convinced that the resolution, if it were passed, would result in the importation of professionals from Australia. He was speaking, he said, against the interests of Middlesex, who, if this resolution were passed, would be able to play Phillips next year ; but he was convinced that he was speaking in the interests of county cricket. What, he asked, would be the result if some county, under this rule, brought over Turner and played him next year? and if that resolution were passed there would be nothing to prevent such a proceeding. Dr. W. G. Grace said that when the Australians were playing last year, both Australian bowlers, Turner and Ferris, expressed their willingness to stay in England if he could get them good appointments in a bank. And after the boisterous laughter which such a ridiculous idea bad elicited bad subsided (we are informed), the " resolution " (? motion) was lost by 12 votes to 2. OH dear ! Oh dear ! Oh dear! Talk about the Collapse of the Land Boom in Victoria after tbe subjoined item of news from Scotland At tbe collection taken up at Dr. Parker's Sunday evening meeting in Queen Anne-street Church, Dunfermline, there were no fewer than 1400 tbreepenny pieces 1" Now the penny-a-liner that furnished tbatitem of intelligence has fulfilled a noble public service, and deserves well of all true sonB of Scotia, in calling attention to this scandalous fact. Only fancy fourteen hundred Scotchmen being compelled to give threepenny bits at church on Sunday 1 It is positively shametui 1 The English Mint officials ought at once to see to it that the scandal be removed, for it must be perfectly clear to tbe meaueEt understanding tbat a new and much increased issue of halfpennies and brass buttons is urgently requmd in Dunfermline. THE Echoist again :—It is a queer world— very. Here's a paper called the Western Mail fined two thousand pounds for placing reliance on a Western female; and a clergyman who, being libelled, actually did not turn his other cheek that it might also be smitten, but just went for the paper as a mere heathen would bave done ; and who, instead of turning his trust away from Mammon —as all good Christians should—draws, as aforesaid, two thousand pounds. It waB a young woman rained Gittens, previously a servant in the employ of the Reverend Mr. Roberts, of Cardiff, who supplied the Western Mail with the information which it published about that gentleman, the editor thinking probably tbat the more disparaging the story, the more likely it would be true so long as a clergyman was concerned. And Mr. Roberts would certainly have appeared a very nice Cardiff Mi6s Gitteu's story bad been proved true ; but a Queen's Bench jury has decided to believe the reverend, and so the Western Mail's Gittens out of that young female won't pay a very large dividend to the shareholders. The moral of thiB case seems to be that One Never Knows. A man may be a clergyman aud yet he is not bound to bave committed all the crimes of which be may chance to be charged. And, in short, you can't be too Jcareful; for some Christian ^clergymen seem strangely shy of putting Christian doctrines into practice, and where you'll find one who'll turn his left cheek also when you've smitten his right, you'll discover a hundred who won't cheek you back at all, but will just go for a policeman. AKTEE which he informs us :—The latest advertising dodge, says a Wimbledon correspondent, is being practised by a doctor in that neat little town. His licensed slaughter-house is situated on a road leading to two cemeteries, and a large brass plate containing his name and qualifications stands on two posts in bis front garden. That is to say, it stands there at ordinary timeB when business isquiet, but whenever a funeral processiou is passing he works an electrical attachment by which the plate turns over, exposing the reverse side with the legend, " Not my Patient. I Cure All who Take my Advice." There were six funerals from the neighbourhood last Monday, says tbe writer, " and it so happened that all tbe departed bad bad dealings with the doctor. But be bung out the sign just the same, with all tbe cheek in tbe world." And that correspondent wants to know whether I consider it fair play for a medical man to be carrying on like this. He sort of seems to forget that there are some complaints that are quite incurable, and bound to carry off tbeir victim sooner or later. In his case it appears to be the Ananias or hard-shell liar's disease tbat has obtained the mastery, and it doesu't want the aid of a reversible brass-plate to guess tbat be will be meat for the undertaker before very long. Next. THIS is what one of our seaside reporters describes as an "Amusing Catastrophe." But, soft! The lyre is most appropriate for this yarn. List, oh list 1 A man took a walk down the beach, And to bathe him tbe sea did beseech; But while in, the tide rose And 6navelled his clothes, And carried them far out of reach. Whereupon tbe reporter aforesaid informs us that " the young man presented a very amusing spectacle as he walked to the nearest house, some distance away, without any clothes on." Did be, now? Really? Dear, dear, dear 1 Only fancy 1 But perhaps he didn't see the fun quite aB clearly as the ink-slinger did. Some people are so obtuse, you know. And that sets me thinking that men are very foolish to go out bathing at the seaside, and risking the loss of their clothes, in these dog days. A person must be dreadfully greedy for water if he can't get as much bathing this summer as he requires by simply walking about tbe streets with his clothes on. Them's my sentiments 1 And good 18-carat—I mean 18- stone—ones, too, at that. I HAVE been reading in an exchange about a revereud gentleman volunteering some evidence recently in favour of the disputed issue of a renewal of the licence , for an hotel, and owing to the stupid blundering of the Press scribes the rev. gentleman waB compelled to write to the local paper declaring that "he had not frequently been in tbe bouse," but "had frequently passed the house," which, a6 regards his evidence, he. described as " the same thing." Eh ? What's that? There I beg to differ with the rev.gentleman. Tbe difference between going into a public-house and passing it is one of the most differingest differences I know. " The same thing," indeed! Hal Hal Well, well, I'm but a poor man—and none too reverend at tbat, but, tbe gods be praised 1 I know the difference between going into a public-house and passing it. You ask George Robertson or Charlie Cogill if I don't. OLYMPUS. 