? ? WHEN Scrooge looked across the hearth at Marley's Ghost, sitting opposite to him, he could see right through his body and discern the two buttons on the back of his coat. Then he knew for the first time that " Marley had no bowels." Any man must be equally lacking in viscera who can read the perfectly awful accounts of Chinese destitution and yet feel no prompting to send his mite to assist. Those gentry who rejoice in calling themselves Socialists, and who would fill the mouth of no gasping Chinaman until all his own theoretical wrongs are remedied in this land of smiling plenty, are a sort of creature whose "sympathies" are more Mephistophelean than human. But this kind of devil of human selfishness does not go very far in the community. A fellow moulded after the pattern of these Socialists would stand quietly in the shelter during a thunderstorm and see a child swept away in an extemporised rivulet, because he would have to wet his feet if he went to the rescue. Jf the well- to-do Melbourne citizens send a thousand pounds to help the dying Mongols, some Victo*jan Socialist might possibly lose an ounce of tobacco. That is about the argument. Is it not noble ? £ nd yet these men claim to represent the lateBt phase of nineteenth century politics ! "By their fruits ye shall know them." Be sure all change is not reform. All advance is not improvement. FOB. the honour of human nature we hope to see a goodly sum go out of Melbourne to carry food to these famishing wretches. And there is at least one quarter where the collectors may appeal with a certain chance of success The Chinese tenants who keep the opium dens of the city, and the European landlords who batten on the trade of these "tenants," may be expected to "come down 'withsomething handsome. The ' respectable gentlemen" who lease their property for these Chinese dens, and who draw high rents for places worse than pig-styes, are juBt the people who should be the first to subscribe towards this Chinese famine fund. Those back-lane shanties off Little Bourke-street, for instance, are cases in point. His Worship the Mayor, who organised the benevolent movement, will supply the names of the wealthy owners of this " property." His Worship, of course, knows all about it, because the " Press fellows " have told the story a score of times, and Mr. \ arley has been screaming lately in high-pitched treble about the same thing. There stand the dismal-looking cells, dank and dirty and reeking as cess-pools. In every one of them, if you like to put your head round the door, you will see Chinese men and European women in all stages of opium intoxication-some of them veritable human swine, others not yet fallen to so low a level, but all of them on the down plane to the same utterly loathsome yawning grave. BOT what matters the misery? The rents are sure; the trade pays—pays both the Chinese tenant and the European landlord. Pays well! And what mere woM you have? The women and girls can bring thither their "earnings, and always purchase a Lethean draught at the opium tube there. It is very convenient, and supplies a trade demand that is quite pressing. Ot course the authorities are not going to interfere in attempting to interfere with such a lawful and legitimate trade. If a young girl wants opium and an old Chinese can sell it to her, who shall say them nay, in a free country like this . certainly not the police, not the city inspectors, not the sanitary reformers, not the Mayor or Corporation, not the Parliament. Why, if they were to turn these old Chinese opium-sellers out of these hovels, who else would take them? Nobody. And then what becomes of the rights of property t No, no. Avast there, you Press agitators, you Salvation Army growlers, you screaming Varleyites ! Stop your chorus of " demnable iteration " about degradation and death. Don't you see, you meddling maniacs, that if you were to sweep away these hovels, you would be drying up the rents of " respectable landlords " whose names figure on the property roll of the city ? Never dream of laying your profane hands on the sacred rights of property, or what becomes of the safety of the country? What are human souls and human bodies compared with the claims of the landlord ? You see, Liberal as PUNCH is in his general views, how severely Conservative he is in demanding the maintenance of man's inalienable right to fatten and batten on his fellow creatures' ruin rather than interfere with so august a thing as a rent-roll. But though it may be necessary to maintain these disease-cradles in our midst, the fertility of PUNCH'S resource is quite equal to the occasion. The Mayor, as we know, is bent on raising money for the starving Chinese in China. Here is a field he cannotfail in. Every" respectable" owner of a Melbourne Chinese opium den will gladly spare something from his large profits. The city rate-collectors will give the names. And the thing is done. There ! Oar bump of benevolence once more asserts itself as the author of another champion scheme of philanthropy. IT is a very good thing to be virtuous, no doubt. And it is especially a good thing for a policeman to be virtuous—if possible. But we cannot commend that kind of police .morality which growB virtuous by fits and starts-the virtue of the spasmodic, jerky, jumpy, intermittent kind, like the total abstinence of the suddenly reclaimed drunkard. That is what we don't fancy about these police raids on gamblers. Here we have been running along for twelve months past, with a racing boom on as big as some of the land swindles, and with bets and bettors abounding everywhere. Everybody saw them, everybody read about them, the police included. But the constables winked, and winked so hard that all their time was taken up in winking, they had no time for putting the law in motion. Suddenly, when the rush of racing is mostly past, and when the betting boom begins to suffer a consequent decline, down come the police with & raid on city betting-houses, and after a great splash and dash where they suspect anything flash, they seize upon one solitary specimen of the craft known as " Barney Allen. There is something very funny in this case of " barney." It seems no plain a case of being virtuous in spots. It is an exhibition of incompetency quite pitiful, that amongst a whole cityful of spielers, bookmakers, betting men and blackmailers, a police " raid " should make out, once in two or three years, a solitary "Barney as a mark for prosecution. THE fact is that there is no heart in these laws against betting. They are put on the Statutebook as a sort of theoretical counsel of perfection. But the law makers are themselves prominent amongst the law- breakers. And so as two-lfairds of the people bet, there is not likely Do be much prosecution for betting. Nobody outside of the bettingring likes it; but the dislike arises more out of envy at its success, and suspicion of the questionable meansby which thatsuccessis gained, thanfromany objection to the betting itBelf. Not that there is any question but what "the Ring " is a bad lot on the whole, with a few unctionable exceptions almost hidden in the crush of sharpers called by poor Gordon "the carrion birds of the turf, who hover to and fro on the confines of the ring, seeking for the corpses on which they may gorge themselves to repletion." But while all this is true, there is, and always has been, a great difficulty in saying where gambling begins and ends. Setting is a kind of speculation, and if speculation is gambling, then every man in the community is a gambler. Life is a gamble made up of risks and chances, where skill, though it has the best of the battle, has no immunity from danger. The merchant speculates in the cargo he buys, and he sometimes risks mach to gain much. So does the stockbroker. Is not that gambling? Perhaps. But perhaps it is not. ADAM LINDSAY GORDON used to propound a theory quite the opposite of this which imputes universal gambling to man. He maintained that gambling meant mere gaming, where chance alone decided the transference of the stakes. " Betting," he wrote, " is frequently confounded with gambling ; but strictly speaking, betting is not gambling. You back a certain horse for a certain race, and it is to be assumed that you have, or think you have, some knowledge of the horse's capabilities against probable competitors over a given distance, under a known or a likely weight. You speculate, in short, on the prob able performance of the animal, using your judgment in a speculation which is a question of equine speed and bottom, backed by human forethought and skill. Of course there are some risks and chances, which you accept willingly and incur by premeditation ; but every speculation involves more or less risk. Merchants, squatters, dealers, all speculate ; and every monetary transaction is a speculation." In this view of the case there is not nearly so much gambling in the world aB is generally contended. 1 he only gamblers would be the gamers—the spielers, the under and over men, the roulette players, the dicers, et hoc genus omnc. But if thiB view be true then the man who invests £100 on his knowledge of a horse-race, or on his skill in a billiard match, is no more a gambler than is another who buys mining scrip speculating on a rise in the market. TALKING of Gordon reminds us that the London papers have been making our premier Australian poet the subject of sundry leadiDg articleB. The Daily News thinks but poorly of Gordon, as being but a weak imitation of Swinburne. The great London journal has a Bmall London critic, who says :—" Of Gordon as a poet Australia has given UB little serious criticism. He really was anything but a great poet. In one field, or in a corner of it, he excelled—he could produce good riding ballads. . . The poet takes his rhymes as he let his horse take its fences—' at his own pace and has a Miltonic pleasure in sonorous names. For the rest, take him out of the Baddle, and Gordon was but a melancholy minor minstrel. Mr. Swinburne was his bane." Was he? Now, we have been pretty well on the spot for twenty y* ars where Gordon's verse first saw the light, and where it has been read with an ever-increasing love and relish. We have seen how he has struck the chord of his countrymen's affections Young men and old ones—women and girls—all read Gordon, and have the Gordonian taste. It is quite true that Gordon ha& written no great and sustained poem. He lived all too roughly and died all too early 'or that. But what he has given us shows not mere talent, but genius. Take those lines as a specimen of many from " The Swimmer." They are as fine a piece of description as one would wish to find in verse— See I girt with tempest and winged with thunder, And clad with lightning and shod with sleet, The strong winds, treading the swift waves, sunder The flying rollers with frothy feet. One gleam, like a bloodshot sword-blade, swims on The sky-line, staining the green gulf crimson, A death- stroke fiercely dealt by a dim sun That strikes through his stormy winding- sheet Oh, brave white horses! you gather and gallop; The storm sprite loosens the gust" reins, Now the stoutest ship were the frailest shallop In your hollow backs, or your high-arched manes I would ride as never a man has ridden In your sleepy swirling surges hidden, To gulfs foreshadowed, through Btraits forbidden Where no light wearies, and no love wanes. 