Sow the liger Mills and Eats. Ih a paper read before the Bombo.v Natural History Society recently, and pub lished in its journal, Mr. InveraVity, a noted shikari, discussed the habits of the tiger and especially the mode in which it kills and eats its prey. Some think he seizes by the throat others by the nape of the neck from above. Mr. Inverarity has examinsd scores of slain animals with special reference to tbia point, and in every case but one the throat was seized from below. The exception was an old .boar who had been seized by the back of the neok from above. One of a single file of villagers who was once seized by the nape of the neck by a man eater, but saved by his companions, had no idea when he recovered his senses what had happened. Whether dislocation of the neck takes place is doubtful. The tame hunting leopards always kill by pressure on the windpipe, without break ing the skin ; possibly the tiger kills in tha same way. It is only by accident, if at all| that tigers in killing sever an important vein or artery, and no blood to speak ol flows from the throat Vounds. Very l»"rga and powerful animals like the bull, buffalo and bison, if attacked at all, are in the first instance attacked from the reor, with a view to disable them. Having killed, the tiger almost invariably begins eating a hind quarter, consuming one or probably both. Sometimes he leaves tha stomach and intestines as thejr are; sometimes he will remove them to one side, making a neat parcel of them. A tiger and a tigress together will finish an ordinaly sized animal at one meal, leaving only the head. In this case it iB probable that the Becond begins at the fore quarter. Animals are never eaten where they are killed, but are always dragged a short distance. They are not lifted clear of tho ground, but dragged. Having gorged himBelf,the tiger sometimes lies close by his prey, but if it is hot weather and there are hills in the neighbourhood, he will go a long distance off before resting for the day. He prefers to lie in a cool cave or in a breeze on the bill side than in the close hot jungle. He returns next night and finishes what is left, but he never eats a second time on the same spot, dragging the remains of the prey 40 or 60 yards oil. Sportsmen coming on a half-devoured animal and deBiring to catch tho tiger, tie the prey to a tree. The tiger takes about two hours'steady eating to finish the fore quarters of a bullock, Mr. Inverarity sat over a small tigress one night who ate for ten minutes, then went away for twenty, probably to drink, and on her return ate steadily for two and a quarter hours. He did not fire, as he could not see her. Tigers are cannibals; they will make their meals off each other. They are supposed to kill once in five or six days, and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed does not care to hunt much for a few days; but a tiger .kills whenever he can. They have been known to kill on 14 consecutive nights. ~Mr. Inverarity believes that animals killed by tigers suffer little beyond the panio of a few seconds. The Bhock produces a stupor and dreuminesB in which there is no senBe of pain or feeling of terror. The powerful stroke of the fore paw of the tiger is a fiction; he clutches with his claws as one might with the fingers, but does not strike a blow. Tigers wander immense distances at night, . and, as they like easy going, they go on roads and paths. They do not like to move dur ing the haet of the day, as the hot ground burns their pads and makes thumraw. They can on occasion climb trees. In Salsette oue climbed after a certaiu ' Pandoo, but could not reach him, and re tired. Pandoo, thinking the coast clear, got down and ran toward home, but on the way was caught by the tiger and: killed. The inquest report stated that Pandoo died of the tiger eating him ; there was nc other cause of death. Nothing was left except some fingers, which - probably be longed to the right or left hand." : Nativei havo a belief that the ghosts of the man eater's victims ride in his head and warn him of danger, or point the way to fresh victims. 