IN THE HOUSE. , -*- I ; Wednesday's sitting was important;-at loast, Btibjeots of greator moment than usual wore ' broached, and, on the whole, woro debated with an absence of party or personal considerations pleasantly refreshing. Post Oflico administration, tho North Shore railway, and-most important of all-tho question of Western Australia's future, wore tho matters that monopolised the eight hours' meeting. With tho exception of a couplo of inquiries-ono by Mr. O'sullivan, and the other by Mr. Oriok the preliminary business was of slender interest. Mr. O'S. wished to know the whole history of the mishaps that occurred to the 2 o-ton gun a week bofore. The difference between the ordnanco of to-day and that of a few years ago may be gleaned from tbo fact that while the old piece would remain uninjured after a generation's firing of miscellaneous projectiles, the life of tho modern weapon is measured by a few hundred rounds. Tho guns borno by Napier to the Baltio in that abortive expedition of a littlo over 80 years sinco might havo belched chain- shot at Cronstadt till tho Millennium-probably without in j uring the fortress, certiinly without injuring themselves. Ko so tho pioco of tho present. Likoly enough thoy would rcduco tbo citadel to an unsightly mound, but thoir own lives would bo lost in the process. Therefore it is that the great gun has a serious cause of complaint against.tho ingenious French- man who, by extending to it tho rilling process, so successful with small arms, endowed it with range and accuracy, but ourtailed its existonco. With mon as wilh cannon-extend the range and accuracy of their knowledge and you rondor thora all tho more Hablo to go wrong or burst. The Premier doferred the information demanded till the appear onco of tho military estimates, when a complots history, of the New South Wales 25-ton gun and its misfortune would bo given without reservo. . * » * « Mr. Crick was in a moral mood. -Undor his notice had como a recent publication,, compared with which the worst odes of Horace-classical readers -will call to mind " Formosa Pastor «Corydon " and a few othor beauties-were chaste Sunday-6chool reading. The Minister for Justice, Mr, Gould, replied that the attention of tho police had boen already called to the matter, so that early action might bo anticipated. Then carno the Clareneo membor, Sir. Jl'Farlane, with a motion for adjournment as tho only means for making kuown the hardships under which his constituents laboured in the matter of post- office accom- modation. At Southgate, for instance, an uti bridgod river nearly a milo wida rollod between the citizens and the tolegraph office. If the rosidonts of Southgate but know when thoy were woll off, they'd hesitato before agitating for an oflico on thoir side of tbo stream, or a bridgoacioss. Take the case of a ship at soa, ignorant for months of the world's unceasing clamour. There is tho place to enjoy tho dolec, to bask in the sun, and, with a cigar at one side of your head and a pillow at the other, to pity the poor folk on shore. There was a timo when mon went through .life without receiving a letter or seeing a newspaper. Those wore the days for enjoyment-days that might have lasted till now but for the mad desire of some busybodies to "keep abreast of the times,'? as they called it. Mr. Dowel and others were for extending the penny-postage system throughout the land, whilo Mr. William Stephen championed the causo of Botany. The latter suburb laboured undor a double disadvantage-letters seldom reached there, and when they did were irregularly de- livered. Tho effort to carry a missivo seemed so great that the wearied authorities took a long tost bofore presenting it. Mr. Abigail espoused the causo of King-streot, where a new office was so badly wanted that many peoplo desirous of sending letters to their friends were obliged to walk all the way to the General Post Ollico BO as to make sure that thoir epiBtles would not be rejected for want of room, Mr. O'Connor defended his department with spirit while insinuating that nothing but an office at every man's door would apparently satisfy some people. As for courtesy, ho mado no distinction be- tween " the lowost applicant and the privileged resi- dent of Darling Point." In this fierce Democracy it is news to hoar that the cnrlod darlings of the " Point" mentioned have enjoyed privileges to which those living in Sussox-strcet were strangers. As for Southgate, consisting as it did of an hotel, a blacksmith's, a butcher's, and two sugar-mills (both tho lattor closed for want of customers), it was too much to expect that all the latest BCientilio inven- tions conld bo introduced at once into that pushing settlement. Give it a telegraph station, and the black- smith would demand a telephone ; supply tho latter, and tho butcher would hold out for electric cars whilo the publican clamoured for an art gallery. Then the Post Office officials of New South Wales whore could thoir like bo found ? Alert, affable, and honest, their character and nc-juirements would not suffer comparison with any similar body. _lr. Tonkin was convinced that tho mail-coach from Wattle Flat to Sofala should not always approach the latter town by the samo route, but, by oc- casionally travelling a different road, give tho drivor and tho waysido inhabitants opportunities of becoming mutually ac- quainted. Sofala, it is as well to say, is a forlorn hamlot wedged between hills and pooplod ohiofly by Chineso fossickers. By its flank tho Turon rolls down its goldon sands which were puddled and raked, cradled and washed 40 years ago, before Bendigo and Ballarat carno to the fron with promises of fortune enough, to turn tho heads of tbo top-booted diggers of tho early fifties. And to think that this quondam camp of rollioking gold-aaokers is now reducod to petitioning that in- structions be given its solitary mailman to vary his route occasionally ! . * * 4 » Disputes often arise as to where a railroad should commence-it is seldom they occur regarding where it should end. Tho North Shore railway is an exception. Mr. Hassall thought it a waste of monoy to have tho terminus at Milsou's Point ; Mr. Fletcher mildly thought it " a swindle all through," while Mr. Cullen was under the impres- sion that, with Milson's Point as" an ending, St. Leonards, and through it the country. - could not fail to prospor. Mr. Crick would oppose it to the death. Then 35 decided on the point named, and 0 on another. On tho motion for adjournment shortly after mid- night, Mr. O'sullivan wished to know if the Exeoutivo wero aworo that a shoal of herrings had boon seen near Sydney. The authorities, so far as could bo guossed, didn't seem to bo aware of it, and appeared, moreover, to think that it would bo in- judicious to interfere in any way with tho migra- tions of fish. It is now time to turn to the real subject of tho ovening-the debate on Western Australia. # * * * * Tho Premier was at his best-his best in this way, that lie handled a big question in a broad manner. Tho story of Western Australia is too woll known to need recapitulation. So long as Greit Britain refraiued from hinting at a desire to people the northern portion with Asiatics all went well. But strings with which we in Australia aro unacquainted havo boen pulled, with tho result that tho British people withiu tho four seas have had served up to them with their coffee the opinion that it would be absurd to invest a population of less than a small London suburb with complete control of a territory twice as large as the United Kingdom, France, and Italy combined. Tho Premier's office was to place the true state of affairs before the Sovoroign. With tho address unani- mously decided on, no one who has made Australia hiB home, whoso bones will probably lio within its conffnos, and whoso children (if he ha3 any) aro of tho soil, will, on the whole', disagree. Thora is, how- ever, a portion that roquire3 explanation. It is where a claim is mado that tho western portion of the Australian continent should bo reserved for people from tho other Australian colonies and from tho United Kingdom. It may be that by this Sir Henry Parkes meant that newcomers, such as Frenchmen, Gormans, Americans, &c;, al-' though of Caucasian extraction, should not be allowed to (et up either an independent dominion or a dominion owning fealty to a foreign Power. This weak spot was quickly discovered by moro than one member, and Mr. Traill fairly ex- pressed the general sentiment when ho suggost.d that a welcome should bo given to all who " blend with us and adopt our constitutional views." From hoth sides of tho House the Colonial Secre- tary received compliments and assurances of sup- port whioh under the system of party government are seldom accorded by one aide to tho leader of tho other. * « * ? Of tho 01 notices of motion on last night's busi- ness paper, but one was suffered to pasB without objection. It was No. 10, and fathored by Mr. Hutohison (Canterbury). The only way-an awk- ward one at best-of distinguishing the members of this name (tho House contains two) is by append- ing their constituencies to their patrony- mics. For both ore Hutchisons, and both Alexanders, while neither possosseä a second pre-nom. If both Bat on the samo side of the Chamber and for the same electorate, the con- fusion arising from this unpardonablo parental negligence in restricting each to single and similar Christian names might give rise to the gravest com- plications, Tho Glen Innes representative being iiery and iconoclastic, his utterances would sound strange and menacing in the mouth of his name Bake, whose views seem to be les3 destructive and moro undemonstrative. The complication would have been rondored moro intricate still if each had polled an equal number of votes at the election, thus rendering it impossible to differentiate thom by the torms "senior" or "junior." This should bo a lesson to god-parents to distinguish tho inoffensivo woo ones committed to their charge at tho font by a sufficient number of initials to provide against all contingencies, and avoid all probable mistakes. Many of lhe members aro so distinguished, as anyone can see by running down a list of the prosent representa- tives. Thoro will be found Thomas Gordon Gibbons Dangar, Edward Bulwer Lytton Dickens, Robert George Dundas Fitzgerald, and Harold Wilberforce Hindmarsh Stephen, This shows how possible mistakes may bo prevented in the distant future, and how fortunate some littlo ones are in possessing sponsors sufficiently cautious to look ahead. For the odds are almost in- finity to unity that no coming poräou of the samo surname, would possess precisely the samo Christian onos. ' There is ono representativo, however, whose full namo makes oven his bitterest political enemies take off their caps in involuntary homage. It is Jonathan Charles Billing Pockerago Seaver, tho energetic mombor for Gloucester, Had such caro been exeicised in other coses, the dangor of attributing to one delegate political opinions that he holds in abhonence would have beon avoided. Mr. Hutchinsons (Canter- bury) motion dealt with tho expodioncy of extending to the cleotors of tho colony the power to veto liquor licenses. Thus, before long the citizens who so'ect members to represent them will havo the power to put a summary end to tippling. Whether the world's happiness would bo enhanced if the cup and its accompanying aoandoit, were banished from the festivo boaTd-if the glasses sparkled no longer, nor tho wine looked ruby bright-is a question on which it would be idlo to outer. . ***«. It was when intimation was given of a bill for regulating coal mines that opportunities arose and were seized for a little personality more piquant than pleasant. Between Messrs. Melvillo and Abigail there appears to bo an old grudgo that makes them as bitteily opposed as tho Montagues and Oapulets of old. Whether they could ogreo on any subject that loft the slenderest selvedgo for dis- agreement is problematical. As might have been anticipated tho member for Northumberland had something to say when the subject of coal carno up. It was his oonviotiou that recent disasters might havo been avoided but for the culpable negligence of officials whoso duty it was to seo that work Bhould not bo pursued when danger was near. It was not the mon's carelessness, but the omployers' greed that led to desolate firesidos and fat church-yards. So Mr. Abigail appeared with a spirited rebuke on tbo vindietivenoss that attacked people condomned to silence by thoir positions. Compared with Great Britain, the coal casualties of Now South Wales were few. Indeed, it would appear as if the best way to make reasonably sure of a long life was to take 'to coal- raining. Mr. Dibbs, too, boro willing testimony to the exceptional eatety of a lifo pursued in the bowols of the earth, quarrying fuol for those above- ground. It was at one time thought that railway travelling wos not conducive to length of days-that persons given to this method of locomotion wore moro liable than Btay-at-homo folk to have a short lifo and a shorter shrift ¡ but an in- dustrious individual proved by statistics, gainsaid by none, that if you really wished to avoid acci- dents which might result in death there was nothing like taking a season's tickot and sitting on a rail-in other words, living in a railway carriage and being whirled through the land. Mr. Abigail rosented, with pardonable warmth, Northum- berland's insinuation regarding his supine neis while in office. Sa far from being a Roi faineant, ho-Mr. A.-was a good deal too active to please overybody. He remombored (dreadfully disagrooablo memories some people have) whon a deputation of four, Mr. Melville amoug thom, waited on him. After a short inter- view, he offered Northumberland three courses-to behave himself, to go out, or to bo " chucked " out, As tho last was unpleasant and the first (so Mr. A. hinted) impossible, the middle course-it is always tho safest-was chosen, and Mr. Melvillo-in fact Mr. Melville retired. It is almost supererogatory to add that tho Northumber- land representative roso to explain. " I was not at that deputation " ho suggested mildly. " Must 'a biu your ghost," hoarsely whispered inexorablo West Sydney. " I went out of my own free will [this, it will bo seen, does not quite fit in to his not being there at all], but I didn't hold my tongue," responded Mr. M. This was received with a shout Its truth was too obvious to bo denied. 