THE LADIES' PAGE. OUR LADIES' LETTER. [Br Miss ETHBL COXON.I liondon, Deoember 15. Only ten days to Christmas, one can scarcely believe it despite the white frosts of the last three days. The duly paper* are filled with letters from rarions oountryBides telling how the season seems to have lost its wit*, and roses and strawberries are freakishly lavish with their sweets now, when we look but for holly and mistletoe. Not to be behindhand with them I bee to ?tate my own particular proofs of the mild ness of the seasonFirstly, a vase of freshly blown roses, grown in the open air in Kent Glolre de Dijon, La Franoe, and a fat white globular bloom, the name of whioh I know not, all as sweet and as untonohed by frost as though they had been gathered in tne time of roees, hot Jnly itself; and seoondly, a magnificent mushroom four inches in diameter, whioh I gathered in a field in Kent last Saturday, and whioh I can vouch for as net being excelled in flavonr and jnioiness by any of its kind, born in the "season of misty and mellow fruitfalneas." We had snow in July, now we have mushrooms in December, truly the times are out of joint. However, in spite of this "Time was, time is, time will be," and Christmas time is very near indeed, and London shopping is onoe more a feminine purgatory, wherein all the same, many women seen to find a oertain enjoyment. Materfamilias, intent on choos ing Maud's dressing-bag, Edith's fan, and Dorothy's doll, and perplexed between the despatoh box and the set of Thackerey's works for Harry at Cambridge, and the diffi culty of choosing the most aooeptable gift for Jack in Texas, and doubtful whether her offerings to her younger sons will be accepted with eostaoy, or secretly in the Recipients' Bonis be stigmatized as "rot," she really enjoys the long excursions with their agree Able air of mystery, and the subsequent arrival at her dwelling of the carefully {tacked up parcels, not to be opened till Coiutmaa Day itself. May fate favour her, and may her timely gifts onoe more cauBe her to be acclaimed by the jubilant delight of her brood as the best mother in the world; but to the majority among ns Christmas is a weariful time; and as years go on and ghostB fill the place of dear-remembered presences at the Christmas board, and we look back with more tender ness on the past than with eagerness to the future, there are many who would fain for themselves take a draught of Lethe on the 24th of Deoember, which should tide them safely over the ringing of the bells whioh shall welcome in the new year. This is a somewhat morbid direotion to take when my sole and only purpose was to protest against the misery of crowded shopB, lagged sellers, excited purchasers, bustle, bad air, and general confusion whioh are the characteristics of Christmas shopping. Christmas cards are a sufficient tax in them selves unless one has enough independence to xesistthe fashion and to adhere firmly to the rnle of not sending any at all. But onoe break that rule for the sake of the sister abroad, or the invalid friend in Sootland, or the former governess; " who expeots it, and would be so- disappointed if I didn't," send one, and you are lost. If yon send one, ou must send all; and in the end, when you ave selected them, and addressed and stamped and dispatched some oool hundred or two of these seasonable missives, you will probably take the philosophical view of the natter, and refleot that, after all, it is a simple and pretty fashion of remembering yourself affectionately to friends, and of paying a slight oourtesy to acquaintances. For myself last year I was sternly resolved on the point. "Not one," I said to myself, "not one"-fortified, maybe, in my resolu tion, that in all the multitude of cards, crowding the shop windows and counters, I could otpy none whioh especially took my fanoy. But "Souventfemine varie bienfol -qui ay, fie;" late on Christmas Eve itself, I discovered some peculiarly fasoinating cards, quite unlike anything I had yet seen; small embossed plaques of a substanoe resembling embrowned ivory, designed with deli cate borders, encircling huntsmen and dogs or medieeval ladies and knights in relief, or ohildren in square - Bailed boats rose garlanded; all in charming imitation of antique ivory carvings. Prudenoe vanished, resolve melted away before vanity's whisper of the desirability of impressing my friends with snob a proof of my taBte as these fas cinating little mementos, and I weakly yielded to the temptation and sent off more cards that Christmas than I had ever done before. Natheless this year again, I am firmly resolved-"not one," The great exoitement of the Christmas season here promises to be the Lyceum pro duction of "Macbeth," whioh is now in active rehearsal "The boldest hold their breath for a time," not knowing whether they will or will not be among the favoured recipients of seats. Indeed, wnen one thinks of the number the leaders, let alone the rank and file, of fashionable, literary, and artiBtio London, who 'all consider their presence at a Lyceum first night as a tine qua non, it seems wonderful that the first nights at Mr. Irving's theatre are so widely representative. The mania for seats on a first night knows no abatement, and so It comes to pass that for months beforehand Manager, Aoting Managers, actors, and box officekeeper at the Lyoenm are overwhelmed by eager petitions. I told yon on the produc tion of '1 Faust" the proportion of applications for seats to the actual seating capabilities of the theatre, and it is pretty safe to suppose that the exoitement in regard to " Macbeth" will be equal to if not greater than that awakened by " Faust." The Oordon statue iB at length set up in Trafalgar-square, and a most noble work it is, fully justifying Mr. Thornycroft's position as one of the soulptors of the day, who have redeemed the sublime art from the nadir of conventionality and feeble prettiness. _ When two Buch statues are produced in one year as this of Gordon and_ Mr. Gilbert's magnificent effigy of the Queen, whereof 1 spoke some months since, we may well lift up our heads among art loving nations onoe more. The revival of soulpture among us is one of the most strik ing signs of the times, and In America there bas sprung np a soulptor also of singnlar penius. Mr. St Guadens, whose statue of President Lincoln seems, as far as one cam tell from an engraving, to be a worthy compeer to the Gordon in Trafalgar Square, and whose caryatides, supporting a magnifi cent mantelpiece for Mr. Vanderbllt, have a poetio and exquisite oharm whioh is all their own, a loveliness which grows on one like musio, subduing and constraining ns to sympathy with tne artist's mood. I need not describe them more fully, for the engraving of one, The Amoor, whioh fascinated me, was in Harper's Magazine early this year, and may be Btudied by any lover of beauty therein. For Mr. Thorneycroft's Gordon, you are sure soon to have photographs and prints thereof galore; bnt I wish you could Bee the effect of the simple. nobly-treated, yet most real figure, set as it is among a crowd of bronze dum mies, whioh have certainly not reaohed the ideal of being divested of too olose a resem blance to poor humanity. There is a Boman nosed statesman, standing on a pedestal in Trafalgar-square-I do not know who it re- ! presents, bnt I gather from his enoircling robe, the stiffness of the folds of which is phenomenal even for bronze, that it is a mem ber of the BOOM of Lords-who in his starched absurdity, seems quite unhappy at finding near him the hero of the Soudan tn undress uniform and high boots, with stick and Bible ander his arm, aa though he (the high-nosed peer) felt the costume unsuited to the dignity of the position of a statue in Tra falgar-square. A feminine crowd constantly gathered last month at the jeweller's shop where the neck lace purchased for the Queen with the residue of the " Women's Jubilee Offering" was on show: but on beholding it, it seemed that something either daintier oy more magnifi cent might well have been designed as an offering to Her Majesty, Truth to tell, the necklaoe waB commonplace exceedingly in design, being simply a series of graduated trefoils,Iwith a pearl in the oentre of each, and would have been quite as suitable as a birthday gift to Mrs. Uorgius Midas from her husband, as for a memorial heirloom of a reign of fifty years offered to the Queen of a great nation by the women of her realm. The Kmpreeg Frederick has been received in her native land with a reverent and hushed affection that is very striking. There is no word but of weloome and respect for the illuetrouB lady, who, sore as hei grief is, has never for one moment allowed it to crush her, or to make her forget her station and her re sponsibilities. Of the unseemly wrangle of doctors and newspapers over the dead Em peror's grave it is best to say nothing, bnt cne oan quite understand and sympathise with the German view of the matter, and to feel that English inter ference is to be avoided with the affairs of the Teutonio Empire. We are none too fond of German influence in our own land, and are apt to be very excusably ill-pleased when any circnmstanoe recalls to us the existence of our large standing army of German sereni ties in the oomfortable enjoyment of State offices; not are we over-gratified when the designs for the ooinage of England and for many national monuments are committed to Mr. Boehm. If we are justified in our national prejudice in favour of the employ ment of our countrymen in our own land, we may surely allow the Germans a kindred feeling in regard to their affairs. Has tricycling for ladies greatly gained gronnd in Australia? Here every summer sees the inorease of the band of feminine cyclists; and tours of two or three weeks in company with husband or brother, sister or friend; are growing in favour as a way of spending a summer holiday. A " hold-all" strapped on to the back of the maohine will be found as much as is necessary in the way of luggage, but discretion is needful in the filling thereof. A light tea gown and oom fortable slippers are the chief luxuries to remember, in addition to a double change of underc/othing, for when one's gown IB muddy or dnsty it is a great comfort to have some thing to change to at a country inn, while the skirt is being dried and brushed. Eau de Cologne should never be forgotten, and a pot of Leibig is often an untold blessing, as is a cake of good soap-for the soap at many hotels is oad. A flesh glove will be found a comfort also, and so will vaseline or some kindred preparation to prevent sunburn. A pretty gown for such a tour is a plain skirt of blue serge, with wide hem turned up on the i right side, flannel shirt of either j white or cream, or striped bine and white, with a waistband fastened with an old silver buckle, and over the shirt a loose silk-lined jaoket of serge, double breasted to button back on either side, so that it may be worn open to show the Bhirt, buttoned up for warmtb, or in hot weather disoarded altogether. A small dark blue or white sailor hat and gauntletted shevrette gloves, will complete a very pretty serviceable costume, equally suitable for tennis, boating, yachting, or seaside wear. I am quite aware it is not the usual order of tricycling gown, but the tightly-made pepper-and-salt tweed with deerstalker oap to match worn by many lady oyolists, however serviceable, is neither pretty nor becoming. The dresa 1 suggest will be found equally practical, and will not write one down as a sister of the road, when one leaves one's machinB pro tem, whioh is an advantage many women will appreciate. With all best wishes for a happy New fear, believe me your attached correspondent of the last four years, who only hopeB you enjoy reading her letters half as much as she enjoys writine them. 