PUML55KUD DAM.T. SATURDAY, NOVDEMBR 9, 1880. "BaTTER late than never" was a frequent comment upon the intelligence that-notice had at last been given in the Assembly to ask the Minister of Lands whether it is his intention to enforce the labour clauses on the sections taken up as mineral leasse. The question was put on Thursday by Mr. Dumaresq, and the reply of the Minister was uin. satisfactory. It was not the intention of the Government, said Mr. Pillingar, to take any immediate steps; it was for private individuals to put the labour covenants in operation, and if the lessee "could show no sufficient reason " to the contrary, the lease would be. for. feited. Well, we all know what a- fares this system lhas been in the past, and it is not likely to prove more eflitcious in the future in checking admitted abuses. The advisableness of enforcing the labour clauses in the Mount Zoehan leases after June 1, 1890, was "under consideration." In other words, we: shall remain as we are, for no Minister of Lands will admit that the mtning laws have not been administered in a manner most conducive "'to the best interests of the mining industry." However, fortunately for the country, we are not all Ministers of Lands, and some, including all those who have the ultimate prosperity of the mining industry at heart, consider that it would be advanced with a success and permanence hitherto unknown in Tas mania were the labour clauses of leases judiciously enforced. By "judiciously' we mean in a manner which is the exact opposite of that recommended by the deputation composed . of Messrs. Newbury, Mace, Evans, and Co. We have already stated the circumstances under which the labour clauses eboula not be enforced, and the uase concluded on Wednesday last in the Supreme Court conclusively ,dispQses of the* main argument adduced in favour of generally disre garding them. That argument is that there is got sufficient capital available to develop so large a number of leases at once. That argument is perfectly correct in one way. Take the leases in Tasmahia alone, and there is not sufficient capital in the whole of Aus. tralia to prospect them and carry ous the labour clauses. But take the leases which have even the ghost of a surface show upon them, and there is plenty of capital for their development in this island alone. The sources from whics such capital is derivable are illustrated in . the case alluded to, Watehorn v. Gaunt and others. In - this case, as we have stated, the promoters annexed £1000 out of £1250 subscribed by the contributing shareholders, for a half-share in an ap. plicasion for lease of an 80-oare section. The contributors lost their money ; but Mtill £1009 went into private pockets, wrhlpb, were tbo Iaboyr claumse enforced, would never }have Upen espended, for no one would be prepared po speculate money in a more application for lease; and had the lease been granted at the time, no one would put money into a paining venture unless they were assured that tho alqgnt subscribed was sufficient to carry out the labour clauses till such time as the ground had beenproved good foranythingor nothing. i The case is not an exceptional one, for the money which ought to go to t developing mineral leases usually goes into the pockots of the stockijobbers. I The procedure is this :-A prospector pegs out some ground; he gets some body to pay application fees for a share in it; this somebody and himself then proceed to sell interests in the claim applied for, and the buyers follow, suit, Sometimes this process continues In geometrical progression till thousands are contributed, and then a company is floated to work it, perhaps with only a few hundred pounds capital called up, and a large proportion of paid-up shares. The limited funds avail able are hardly sufficient to meet the requirements of the labour cssuces for even a few months. Results perhaps do not comes up to anticipations, and then the ground is hung up and sheyherded. Should a company not be floated the ground is locked up all the same, although some thousands may have been paid for r interests in the sections. These cases are not hypothetical, and might be illustrated but for the law of libel, especially at Mount Zeehan. They, however, show plainly that there is plenty of capital available for mining purposes, and capital, too, that would be. the more readily subscribed were it certain that it would be employed in developing mineral leases instead of going to enrich speculators alone.-. Despite the answer received by Mr. Dumareaq, he could present a very strong case to found a motion for enforcing the labour clauses, obnoxious though they might prove to many, and we trust he will not let the subject drop, but. will endeavour to bring about a more legitimate system of mining is Tasmania. 