AMUSEMENTS Dramatic Gossip. A great number of operettas, all apparently comic, are about to be submitted to the London public. It is strange and somewhat sad that no opera or operetta seems to be thought worth bringing oat in London unless founded on some eccentric, droll, or absolutely ridiculous subject. Jessica was "never merry" when she heard " sweet musio;" and condemned to hear oomio mono to the exclusion of all other kinds she certainly would not have been joyful. It is worth notice, by the way, as an indica tion of the tendency of playgoers' taste, or at any rate of its estimation br managers, that no fewer than seven London theatres will shortly be occupied by musical productions, whilst Mr. DOyly Carte's new theatre, which in May was rapidly approaching completion in the Charing cross-road, will doubtless be given up to the same form of entertainment. Incidental songs specially composed for the y^Bfi^T* are often enough introduced into dramas, but " Whips of Steel," a new play which was to be presented at St. George's Hall on the 7th of May, is perhaps the first to intro duce an "incidental anthem." This anthem is composed by Mr. Walter Slaughter, the rest of the service being by Mr. Joseph Dilley and MiesM. CBowself. The Lyceum Theatre may be supposed to hold, stowedaway (says " Atlas" of the World), complete soenery as fit for " Otello" as it has been for '• Othello" and for " The Merchant of Venice;" nevertheless new soenes are being pre pared by Signer ZuooarsUi for the new opera. His name is historically connected with theart of England. In the last century Mr. Smith, our Consul, after the manner of his nation, intro duced with eulogy a foreign artist into London. Zuooarelli came here first as a soene-painter at His Majesty's Theatre in the Haymarket, but be was immediately petted by Royalty and the aristocracy. He was one of the first members of our Royal Academy, one of that lucky band of foreign nobodies who obtained honour and profit in that institution while cleverer native painters were left out in the cold. Canaletti helped him in his landscapes. Fuseli, in his editionofPilkingtonV'Dictlonaryof Painters." passes him by in scornful silence. Zuccarelli died a hundred years ago in Florence, quite an old man; and it may be a descendant of his who in a few weeks' time will make his bow before his soenery to '< Otello." Miss Hose Mefier, the young actress whose Lady Isabel Carlyle at the Olympio has been so widely praised, has studied in a good school. She is ono of the many debutante* who owe so much to the tuition of Miss Sarah Thome, and she has also performed Shakspearian parts on tour with Mr. Benson's company. The chief actor in the Shakspearian per formances at Stratford-on-Avon in April was Mr. Osmond Tearle, of whom moat playgoers know little, if anything. Bis brother Edmund, who so long played "seconds" to bun, has appeared at Sadlers' Wells and other outlying theatres ; but Mr. Osmond Tearle's reputation is confined, so far, to the provinoes and America. In the former, some ten years ago or thereabouts, he " starred" with much sucoess, being a great favourite; he then went to the States, and has for sometime being play ing " lead" in New York and out of it. Mr. Biohard Mansfield will conclude his present season at the Globe on Ist July. Until that date his elaborate production of Richard 111., which continues to attract crowded houses, will still be given. Mr. Mansfield has been playing continuously, all the year round, since early in 1886. Miss Grace Hawthorne has purchased from Mr. W. G. Wills a new play, written specially for her, entitled "Josephine; or the Royal Divorce." It was expected that Miss Haw thorne would produce this play at a matinee, previous to ncr leaving London for her American tour, which is to occupy six months. " Wallaok's Theatre" used to be a household word in dramatic circles, and even with the public at large. Messrs. Sampson Low, Marston, and Co. have just published, in idition de lux* form, the fifty years' recollections of Lester Wallaok, the manager and actor. The volume includes notioes of the other mem bers of the Wallaok family who were con nected with the theatre. The illustrations to Mr. Lester Wallaok's book comprise portraits of many English dramatic celebrities, also fac similes of letters from great actors, singers, and pointers to Mr. Wallack. In these the very aspect of the paper they are written on is imitated. In April-May, at the Princess's, Mr. Wilson Barrett and Miss Eastlakewere once more playing in the romantic and thrilling drama of " Claudian," which, to judge from the crowded houses it was drawing and the enthu siasm with whioh it was received, remained as popular as ever. " Claudian" is one of those pieces that just misses being great, but as it is it stands a head and shoulders above most modern dramas. Mr. Barrett's rendering of the uuhappy immortal Claudian is as striking as ever. It even seems more finished than formerly ; similarly Miss Eastlake plays more naturally and consequently evokes far greater sympathy with her audience. The caste is a most efficient one, and the orewning catastrophe of the earthquake a splendid piece of stage realism. "I have often thought," remarked Mr. J. L. Toole to an interviewer recently, "how much I would like to see Australia, not only as an actor but as an English traveller visiting a glorious part of the Empire. lam told I could make a very successful professional tour; moreover, it would be a delightful change, and like visiting old friends." " May I say there is a reasonable prospeot of your visiting the colonies P" queried the interviewer. " Yes, in deed yon may," replied Mr. Toole, "if I can Bee my way to make the trip, I should like it beyond anything." "By a purely amateur performance," re marks the World of Ist May—" that is to say, one written, composed, stage- managed, and acted entirely by amateurs—greater Buooess has seldom been achieved than has been done during the past week by the operetta of 'A Legend of the New Forest, 1 produced at Lyndhurst. At this time of year the little village ia thronged with faceß well known in society in all parts of England, and the audience on 27th April might well recall the appearance of a smart London theatre on a crowded first night. The scene of the legend is laid in the New Forest, and the scenery .... de picted a series of the most beautiful glades in that lovely district . . . The dramati* ptrtQtuß were a band of gipsies, with the exception of one mysterious stranger, who seeks admission to the band, and of course obtains the hand and heart of Zara, the daughter of the captain, to the dismay of her old lover, one Heino. The stranger, however, turns out to be no other than the ghost of Sir Walter Tyiell, the assassin of the Red King, who is condemned to wander the earth till he can find some maiden willing to link her fate with his. Fortunately Heino dis oovers the plot in time; the speotre disappears in the usual blue flame; and, owing to the good offices of Isobel, one of the most charming of the band, Zara ia re united to her lover, and all ends happily ever after. . . . Mr. Bradburne, the M.F.H., provided at the dose of the last per formance a supper in the green-room for the performers and their friends, whioh proved to be not the least jovial part of the whole affair. Airs and dances from the operetta seemed to be carried on till a late hour, and few who were there will ever eeass to look back with intense pleasure on the production of the bright, pretty, attractively • played * Legend of the New Forrest.' " At Vienna, in April, Madame Judio and her company had such extraordinary raooeafl that they were at ones engaged for Berlin. . . . At Ltipaig, Madame Minnie Hauk bad a satis factory reception as Mignon. ... At Munich, Baron Tirfall, the official Oommis sioner of Theatres, has decided not only to do without any costly mite en teen* t but to return to the ancient simplicity of the Shakspearian times at the Globe Theatre. He has taken old engravings of those times as a model. M. Coquelin's farewell benefit will take place before long at the Theatre Frangais, where it is expected to be one of the most impressive dramatic functions of the season. The efforts made by the Comcdie Frangalse to avoid losing him have, it is understood, been so far wholly unavailing. Last Tuesday night his Excellency the Governor, with Lady and Miss Norman and suite, were present at the Opera House to witness the performance of the pantomime " Sinbad the Sailor." The play went without a hitch, and all the spectacular effects and fine soenery were loudly applauded, while the Borani, Walhalla, and Matthews Brothers astonished all with their clever performances. The Beason doses to*night (Saturday). It is announced that Grattan Kiggs will open in the Opera House on Monday, 24th instant. It is announced that Mr. Frank Thornton, supported by the Brough-Boucicault Comedy Company, will reappear at the Gaiety Theatre to-night (Saturday) as the Rev. Robert Spalding in "The Private Secretary." The announcement of this and the other ex* oellent comedies which form the repertoire of the company should attract good houses, and the manager has besides been successful in obtaining the patronage of his Exoellency the Governor and of a number of leading citizens. Monday next will be vioe-regal command night. The Fisk Jubilee Singers brought their short but very successful season in Brisbane to a dose on Monday, when the Centennial Hall was crowded by a most appreciative audience, all the numbers being loudly applauded. Towards the oondusion of the evening's entertainment, Mr. F. J. Loadin said that that was probably the last ooneert which the Singers would give in Brisbane. Theoompany were going to make a tour of the North and on the return journey would appear at Sandgato, but it was very doubtful whether a night could be set apart for them to give another entertainment in the metropolis. On behalf of the ladies and gentlemen of theoompany be expressed thanks for the patronage whioh they had received during their stay and for the kindly hospitality whioh had been extended by friends in Bris bane to the Singers individually. The enter tainment concluded with the part song, "Swing low, Sweet Chariot," and " Good-bye, Brothers." As some misapprehension has evidently existed as to the object for whioh the Singers are now making a tour of the world, it may here be stated that they are not now, nor have been for several years, engaged in raising funds for the Fisk University. The work for which the company was formed was accomplished, so great was the favour with whioh the concerts were received, in a few years, and now the Singers are engaged in giving concerts on their own behalf. The London Minstrel Tourist Company, whioh it will be remembered played through out a very successful season at the Gaiety Theatre under Mr. Duncan Macullum's management a few months ago, have re turned to Brisbane after a very satisfactory tour through North Queensland. Last Monday they commenced their second season in this dty at the same place of amusement. The enjoyable entertainments whioh they gave on their former visit had evidently been well remembered by the theatre-going public, for the house was filled in every pare, and the programme was listened to with in tense interest, the principal numbers being loudly applauded, and often re demanded. The company's comedians, Messrs. Gardner, Smith, and the Maher Brothers, were more than usually successful in their endeavours to amuse the audience, and duringthe whole time that these gentlemen occu pied the stage the laughter of the onlookers was incessant. The Misses Herbert, Hogarth, and Maven gave great satisfaction in their respec tive songs, and Mr. J. R. Wadlev gave "The song that reached my heart" and " Mary of Argyle" most charmingly. Mr. A. Sant ley was heard to great advantage in his first song and these gentlemen, with Miss Herbert and Miss Hogarth, were loudly cheered for thair rendering of that beautiful quartette, "Sweet and low." Miss Ada Maven, who has recently joined the company, gave several clever serio-comic songs with good effect; and Mr. Oscar Smith's ventriloquial entertainment was very well received. The performance concluded with a very amueing farce entitled " A Night with the Lunatics," in which nearly all the members of the company took part. 