2F12WS OF THE DAT Tho Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S. Homo, from London 2nd May, with malls to 10th May, arrived at Albany yesterday, and is expeoted to reach Adelaido in time for the mails to be forwarded by Thursday's express train. The Government business to be proceeded with this week in the Legislative Assembly will be confined to tho debate on the new procedure rules and the launching of ten or a dozen bills, of which notice was given last week by different members of the Ministry. Leave will be asked to-morrow to introduce the ' Metropolitan Board of Works Bill, whioh measure is to be pushed on with all possible despatch. It is anticipated that the whole of this week's sitting will be taken up in discussing the hew procedure rules, of which notice was given by Mr. Gillie3 on Wednesday lost. No sitting of the Legislative Couuoil takes place this week. A report concerning the recent fish trawling expedition of the Government steamer Lady Loch along tho south-eastern coast has been furnished to the Commissioner of Customs by CaptAln Anderson, inspector of fisheries. Cap tain Anderson, iu the course of his report, re marks : — " I nm of opinion that the results of tho cruise ore ontirely satisfactory, and Would point out that the splendid hauls obtained go to show that deep sea fishing may be developed to a most profitable industry, and give employment to large numbers of fishermen, who will Ijb enabled to supply the poorer portion of the public with fi3h fodd at much more reasonable rates than under ordinary circumstances. 1 would olso bring under your notice the fact that the great bulk of tisk placed upon the markets of the United Kingdom is ob tained by travrling. To such an extent; indeed, is trawling carried on at jiome that it affords profitable employment to a very large number of fishermen. So satisfied is Mr. Oxloy, who is an Expert tratvler, that he intends to purchaso or lease a suitable vessel for trawling. One im portant feature must not be omitted, and that is the presence of oysters in our waters, as maiiy as three ahd a half dozen being brought up in the trawl at one time." The annual rifleiimtch between the officers, the ndn.C9himissiohed officers and the rank and file of the defence force took jilace at Williamstoivn oil Saturday last. The rank and file won the match with a total of 1703, lih average of 85.15 out of the possible 105, beating tiie non-con missioned officers by 23 points on a score of 1680, averaging 84. The officers' score was 1369, giving an average of 68:45. The teams met al dinner nfter the match, and .tho rehiiirks made upon some of the toasts brought forward tho necessity of improving on the present nursery system of rffle shooting in the direction of practice on moving objects at unknown ranges. It was stated that at present an improved system cannot he adopted; at least on the Williamstowu ranges, for practical reasons, although it is recognised that such a system is absolutely essential to the firoper training of the force. The souvenir to he presented by tho officers of the artillery forces to flits. A. G. Walker, bil the Occasion 0E the departure Of Colonel ami Airs. Walker for England, has been completed by . Mr. J. R. Rowland, jeweller, bf 65 Collins-strcet east. It consists of a silver model of tt S-inch breech-loading g'tih oh a hydtojihfeu- Katic disappearing carriage) siich as is now fcddjittti fdfc m aif&wtf-It; thfe Mei'dt, gsttbv fished under Colonel Walker's supervision. Tho enrriage and machinery is In dead silver, while the gun is burnished. . Colonel Walker's crest is engraved on the breech, and a silver plato on tho pedestal is suitably inscribed. As it is contrary to discipline to make tho presen tation to a superior officer, Mrs. Walker i3 hinds the recipient. The model has been an- curat oly and tastefully made,%nd is a handsome piece of Work. A piiblio meeting of the Jewish community of Melbourne Was field yexlcrdny afternoon, at tiie synagogue, Eourke-ffi eet, lu receive certain resolutions iu favor of the adoption of a svstein of comliined Hebrew aiul religious cduoation for the Jewish youth of Melbourne nnd tiie suburbs. Sir B. r.eiijatnin, mayor of Melbourne, presided' and -<nbout-.-200; persons wore present. It was agreed that a general education board of the Jewish denomination should be established, and a provisional committee was appointed to'takc the preliminary steps. Xo definite scheme for the promotion of .Itobrcw and religious educa tion was submitted to the meeting. A slight accident happened on Saturday to an early goods train on tho north-eastern line When passing through Avenel tiie engine jot eg ' the rails and caused n block for some tinie, which delayed tho arrival of the express from Sydney anil tho progress of the ordinary pMsen. ger train for a considerable period. We are informed that the meeting whlchMr Bent has called for Tuesday next, and to which rcforenco was mndo in Saturday's Ayr, is not a meeting of creditors iu the hackneyed senseof tho term, but is confined to persons more or less interested iu rather largo land transactions in which that gentleman is concerned, and we should bo exceedingly sorry if ho'hos suffered any inconvenience from tbo misleading expres- sion in the paragraph in question. A lecture . on Photography as an Auxiliary to Popular Education was delivered in tho tectum hall of the Working Men's College, Latfobe. street, on Saturday evening, by Mr. L. qy Halt. J lie lectiuur said that photography ex, ceedcd the blackboard in usefulness at lessons and lectures, because it showed minute objects which could not lie produced with chalk. PUotiigr/iphy was of great value to the student of art, because it enabled him to have accurate copies of the works of tho great painters, the originals of which ho inight.be unable to visit Paul Do La Rocho had said that no great artist should bo without a knowledge of photo graphy. Tho art was now of great valuo in surgery, nnd had assisted medical men In tho hospitals in Great Britain to a very great extent. It was also largely used at the present day in tho preservation of records and ia connection with jurisprudence. As supplying means of illustrating travel, its uses n-ere familiar to most readers. The lecture was iU5s. trntcd by photographic slides, tho subjects of which were cast upon the wall of the darkened room by an optical lantern, and during thii portion of the lecture observations on forestty. geology, ornithology, botany . and cntoino logy were made by Messrs. X. J. Cnire, T. ll, Win tie, A. J. Campbell and M'Alpine respec tively. Tho lecture, which extended over twe hours, was of on interesting nnd instructive character. About 200 persons of both sexes were present. Before the audienco separated, a vote of thanks to Mr. Hart and the gentlemea who assisted liim was heartily accorded. The lot of the students who compete for the degree of Hsin Ts'ni appears from tho accounts in the Chinese papers to be anything hut a happy one. Day by day (says the Doily News of the 1st May), as tho unworthy or unfortunate drop out of the ranks, those whoso names nro insoribed daily on the black boards hung up iu tho hall as not yot hors dc camOal dwindle iu number, till thousands become represented by two figures, and the final struggle lies between some 30 or 40 candidates. During tiie examinations no one, it appears, is allowed to move from his position. If one is seized with serious illness he may request to be carried out, but . in that case he cannot return. A student, we are told, who should venture merely to rise in his seat and look, around would receive 100 blows oil tho hand, be compelled to kneel during the rest of tho examination, and at tho olose would be ejected with disgrace. At one examination a violent raiu came on, and tho roof of tho hall "leaked like a sieve," so that tbo candidates, as well as their papers, 'were soaked. Yet still tlicy wero obliged to remain rivetted to their seats in mi unwhole some atmosphere. At the last autumn examina tions it was officially reported that over 100 persons died in the quarters of epidemic diseases. On the same occasion ono of the examination buildings fell in, by which several persons were killed. The expenses of the Chancellor's examination to those who pass.are k stated to be the same as to those who fail;. be sides whicli the feo3 and gratuities appear to be endless. The underlings receive presents to the amount of several dollars, tho " board- hangers'' must be rewarded with a few hundred cash, Sc. As soon as the candidate is known to havo " entered," a strip of red paper i3 prepared, announcing this fact, and a messenger is posted off to the graduate's home. For this service, a fee of several thousand cash is expected ; and so forth, i'or the successful, howover, thero are compensations. On receipt of tiio joyful an nouncement relatives and friends far and wide tUU «J.\l-»CU6UU WJ Yi&tlS; Ul CUllIW 6U1UUUU, bringing presents, which reimburse the fortu nate bachelor, and sometimes leave him n liaiideomo balance. Scvero and protracted though the competition is, the successful candi date receives, it seems, no official diploma. If his right to the title is disputed, the authorities rely on a severe erosB-examinatioti regarding the year of graduation, tho name iff the 'ex aminer and the questions propounded. A case is cited of a man who in a oioss-exatninotiou ot tbU sort personated his own brother— the fait being, as was afterwards shown, that lie was himself in gaol on a charge of muider at tile very moment when ho professed to have been tasting tho joys of an examination for the mndli coveted honor of the pewter button. In pursuance of a decree issued last year by the Austrian Minister of the Interior, relating to mountaineering, tiie Government autho rities of Tyrol and Yorjrlberg have (says the Vienna correspondent of the Times on 23rd April) taken stringent measures to guard against the recurrence of Alpine accidents, which have of late years multiplied to an alarming extent. According to the new regulation;, all persons not authorised to act.' as j guides nre forbidden to offer their services as j such to tourists intending to ascend the Alps. Only such Alpine paths and passes nro to be marked out as are perfectly safe without the help of a guide, and i paths marked oiit by the Alpine clubs are snbjcot to the inspection . of the authorities beforo they can lie made j available to the climber. No Alpine tonis j can be undertaken with authorised glides I which are not known to and declared I free of danger by the authorities. 1'1» I local authorities and tho Alpine clubs have to I provide precautionary appliances in order lo I lesson the danger. These regulations will, to I doubt, help to reduc.o the annual number oi I accidonts, which have hitherto been in fat duo j to the neglect of the locnl authorities and (lie I ignorance of ill-qualified guides ; and henceforth I the dare devil climber, deaf to rules arid rtifidsj j tidns, will only have himself to thank should . I evil befall him. j A telegram was published in the Times o£26th I April from Vionna, which if true (remarks the j Spectator) is of considerable importance. Th'; J Times' correspondent in that city asserts this I M. Hikovo, the ever active Russian SlinistM i,B j Rouniania, has signified plainly that Russia dh .1 approves of the fortifications of Bucharest, and j will make the execution oi- abandonment of -I General Brinlmont's plan for them the test of. I the willingness of Rotirannia to remain friendly. I As the fortifications aro obviousiy intended , j to prevont a ItlusiRn march through Roumanu, I the notion of the Minister is intelligible on the I merits of tho question, biit it may also ho I intended ns a direct blow ot the throne. '?' | Calnrgi, tlie Premicr, would gliidly abandon the I proposed works, but King Clinrlos insists on I their execution; and the contest between Russia j ahd the League of Peace for the control of Bfa; I mania will probably he fought round that pivot. | Yvitliout this fortifications, Roumania can fof I bid, biit cannot prevent, the passage of aRna!i>a, J army to tiio Danube. . ' I Neither Pope'B Btory of the lovers killed by j lightning at Stanton Harcohrt nor Thomson f l tragic episode of Celadon Amelia equals ff u j pathetic force (soys tho Daily News of H», I May) the narrative of the awfully suderi fate rt. j Eliza Jackson and her littlo daughter, aged 2, rl as told in the coronet's court ot Afiwooffi; I hoar Leeds. . Jackson, carrying her child, ;l and aecompahihd by her sister EU»betb,dl'q:| bearing in her ariris anrfhfitrit of- abiiht fhd I age, lift the cottaga of a friend at .Fthtjffl (unil about 6.30 in the evening, on their wiy to their mother's house. The afternoon hnd been fine, hut heavy clouds had overspread the sky und rain was beginning to fill. Bur dened as tlicy were those two poor youtig when i»htd ho, great iiid$re«, ofid Elira JicfcSbh further retarded by having to hold iip an umbrella to pro tect 'her little olio and herself lis best die blight. With encli step tlic storm in creased iu severity, nud shelter there was none. Suddenly, as they tvero walking down a cinder liaib one before tlic other, there was a blinding tiMh' followed instantaneously bv tho crash atld tohtiliuous roll of liciivy tliumler. Elizabeth; ffj|0 ,va9 fa front, was struck down'hy tho com ciosion, and fell upon her face, her baby Hying out of her urms . falling, practically un- burned, somo few yards in front of lior. , .Tlio mother tried to rise, biit found , tlmt lior back hxil been injured, and that slio was for the moment unable to see anything; She fell fdr- wjril again, but soon afterwards her, sight returned to her, and she managed to . get up. Her first thought was for li'er , own child, wliotii she found, on tho ground a_ little ahead of her. Then, continues tlio' jorrowful narrative, she turned lior attention towards her sister, who was lying on her (ice, with her little girl partly beneath hor, s lew yards behind. She spoke to her, but receiving no answer liurridd off for assistance. When she returned Eliza Jackson's clothing was i found to bo burning, as was tlio umbrella whioh she had been carrying, the metal frame work j of which was twisted into fantastic shapes. Both mother and child wore dead. On a subse quent medical examination tho bodies were found to have been charred in. somo places anil teVribly discolored nearly all over. Tlio tops of iImimwI wnmnil '« hnnfn lind ripped off and her drc33 and skirts burnt through from the waist downwards, tlio Test of her uudcr- I clothing adhering in some plnces to the skin. Skirae notion of the force of the lightning stroke may he formed from the fact that the pathway 1 where tlio deceased fell was found to have been i ploughed up to n depth of about 6 iiiclies for a I- distance of several feet. The escape of the other 1 sister one! child, though in such close proximity, |l u remarkable. In tho opinion of tho coroner I. lli explanation probably was that the deceased |. done was earring nn umbrella, tho metal tipped E , point arid framework of which would necessarily I; ' icta< conductors. The practical lesson is that t ii better to bo exposed to tho drenching rain I of a thunderstorm than to trust to an umbrella's I tachcious protection. , I iliille. Cuny, a schoolmistress at St. Did, in I the Vosgcs, 1ms (says an English paper) just mot I her death under extraordinary circumstances. I Sbehad gone with her brother to see somocousins I ins neighboring village, but, finding tlio front I. door of the house locked, slio walked round to |i s side entrance, and pushed it to ascertain if it were also fastened. A loud report was immc- I' dlitely heard, and the poor woman fell to tho I pound, pierced with threo bullets. Sho expired inafewminute3. The liouso was untenanted j it the time. Somo years ngo, ns thieves had l| been noticed prowling about tho dwelling, the B family, in order to defend tiieir property during B their absence, invented a curious mechanical ar- B nngement, with tho help of springs and wires, B for the purpose of dealing deatli on any ono B who might try to enter tiieir abode. A gun was B placed in a position so contrived as to go off at the slightest push of the door, and so correct I was the calculation that Millie. Cuny foil a vie- lira to her attempt to ascertain whether her fl relatives were nt home. B A lecture on Dietary Care was delivered "on B Saturday afternoon in the Town Hall, Mol- B bourne, by Krauleiu Lepper. About 100 per- B sons were present. The lecturer stated thnt B diseases of every kind arose either from im- B purity of tho blood or imperfect circulation, B and the first object in restoring tlio patient to B health must be to improve tlio blood or bring bock its regular circulation. In order to pro- duce these results, tho patient, under her sys- I tern, was treated with warm baths or simple H nnfiipnl fnrvi u'IupIi nnnffiinfl/l flin oam n nlnrnnnln I as the medicines prescribed by physicians. She I claimed that tier system produced immediate cures, because tiie food was quickly I assimilated. God, slio argued, intended I tho body ns well as tho soul of man H to bo perfect, nnd in order to preserve it in ml that state, or restore it to that condition when |9 diseased. He placed at man's sorvico food which B vis to be obtained in every part of tho world. B lie desire for change and amusement would, lie said, be toned down if people would use limple instead of rich and exciting food. Every Eila; person who took unnatural food must te diseased. She explained four rules of diet which slio used in the treatment of patients, of H different classes ; and before the audience lepatatcd a young lady gave exhibitions of H pnnastics, Fraulein J-cppor explaining, ns H the; proceeded, the particular object and value of each movement. The proceeds of the leo- jB turc were devoted to the Gliildren's Hos- H pital. |B Yesterday being Whit Sunday special services |H were held in the Catholic churches of the city. jS At St Patrick's high mass was celebrated by the Vet; ltev. Dean Donughy, assisted by Fathers Hj Stephens and Ryan. lieethoven's Grand Mass iu G was sung by tho choir, under the lcoder- |9 ship of Mr. W. R. Furlong, choir master. At 9 the offertory Mr. Furlong sang tho hymn for |H the day, Con llnna Hoc Dens, which ho lias ring on each Whit Sunday for the past 21 years. A charity sermon was preached by the Very Bev. Prior Butler, in aid of the Ladies' H Auoiitiim of Charity '.in connection with St. Patrick's Cathedral. The reverend gontleinan dwelt on tins want of charity display ed by the fl Pajinsbeforo the introduction of Christianity, whose motto was ' ' an eyo for an eye and a tooth B ior a tooth." With tho coming of Christ and B the introduction of Christianity cnine the B establishment of charitable institutions and B associations of men and women who dovotcd fl themselves to relieving their fellow creatures' sufferings. He then urged tho claims of the : klies Association of Charity on the H aojegation. In the evening Prior Ilutler fl qain preached for tlio same object, H faking for his text tlio words, " And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they began to speak iu divers tongues the wonderful works H of God." Ho explained the doctrine of the dodent of the Holy Ghost on the apostles H aad the subsequent advance of Christianity. At St. Francis' Church high mass was colc- ' by Father Manly, assisted by Fathers ffoffeman and Carroll. Farmer's Mass was sung under the leadership" of Mr. R. Donovan. In the evening vespers were recited, und a Aermou rnthe festival was preached by Rev. J. Heffer- B an, and a special benediction service was H ""I' The popularity of The Pointsman at the fl Tbeihe Royal shows no sign of wauing. ; B Thnilnlimtfr. Inni- At... . » .1 i - — .-Q.ivuv Aivau »T wC tv tlllJ JHCUU UIUW JUIglJ, audiences, and on Saturday evening the theatre ns cm wiled in every part. 'The elaborate stage oech'inism necessary to produce tlio realistic i effect of an express passenger train colliding with another works smoothly, and is a veritable triumph of skill in this department of stage re- pttwntation. With regard to the performers, hk'Bucklow as Torn Lidatone anil Miss Cowper » Either Hathornut hnve unquestionably Fluid themselves a decided acquisition to the Autnlian stage. | ,®e announcement that Mr. Moccabe's I fading entertainment, Begone Dull Care, I bo given in the Atheiueuiu Hall on I evening, in tho presenco of Sir W. F. i Bwnnion and Lady Robinson, attracted a large I fabence, The performance, which included I unique character sketches, passed off with I There will be no performance I i_iii 7®n'n®' "le ball being otherwise engaged, I tomorrow night Mr. Maccnbe will continue I touui. . I J?6 Hall was not largo enough to I tohiodate all of those who desired to wit- I SjP'riormance of Mr. F. M. Clark's com- I Su comPanV ou Saturday evening, and I thus new'fledgetl zeal of the Central I (lit ea'1 bo prevent the overcrowding of I amusement tho management I »c; "fuse admission to a number of persons. I » P0Bnunme was a varied one, and was re- | with considerable favor. I h's" teuc'n® fie charge for admission to the I .i.V' ' manageinent have increased the I ' v'3''ora desirous of seeing thnt moat I JcJ "?.ar U,UH uatuTie, the dog faced boy I n. attendance on Saturday . wa3 I large. I Stir ,0Cial eveninS by the members of the I « 'k1 Liedertaf el will be given this even- #l«the Athenrenm Hall. 'bltf«'mSRi Hs held on Monday evening at foiDf if!!!? ' flas Oakleigh, to consider the que,- election of a railway station at Br ; - 