^EMEBA^EWS,-^. . Cbessy;'—1 Our ,'Cressy correspondent: wrote ''on May' I,: — /A painful 'accident; occurred ' this afternoon, . whereby,', a ' ft ve- vear-old'son of Mr 'John ;Hill ;wa3.':badly. acalded.' 'The 'little fellow, in','coinpany. with his mother, ?wds.visitirig'his'jincle, Mr; J, Hodgetts, whp|was , engaged! pig-killing. The noise,1 caused ;by' the sqealmg: of the animal8' ' so . frightened ;' the ; boy . ' that ; in ^H attempting *-y K*™ i uu' -^1 »*u«, wuy, us itm ? backwards into' ', a; pot', of ' boiling, .water H which was still'on the fire, and frpm which I the lW had1 only.' a few . moments. ; before H .been removed; '??'?His mother snatched him H out almostimmediately, but the poor child H was severely scalded on , the back, lowir ? pirta of the body, and legs. .-.,..''.'./?.. . '. H ? Tot. General .Hospital.— The follow ing is the. strength' return for the mouth of April for the General Hospital, Launceston: —April I,' 1889— Male division, 64; female division; 20;, 1888—' Male division,' 43. ; female ditto, '.27. Admitted during the month, 1889— Male, division, 40; female ditto, 28... ?,1888 -Males, 56 ;? females, ; 20. Total, ISSO— ' 104 males', 54 females.' '18S8— -.99 males, '56 females. Discharged during the month'J''1889.r-56'. males, 22 ''' females. 1888— 35,1 males, 21. females. . Died, lSSS-^-2 niales,'2'females. ,1889—9 inales',;3 females! Total, lSS9'-^58 males, 24 .females,. .1888^ 44 malesi 20 females. '. Strength,' May .1 — 46 males/ ' 30'.' females.' ';,' 1888- 55 males, '. 28 females. Out-patients (new cases), 18S9— 57\. i8?3--52'; Total attendances,', 1830— m 265.-, ;is88p-286', ;: ?, ? .:. ,u ;;?.... Wa is ifAnriiAOE a;'Failure ?— This as' yet H unanswered' 'problem again cropped up at Eg the meeting ,of; the, Benevolent Society on ? May 1, arid was putby the chairman withr B but eliciting,^ more- satisfactory reply than ? a muttered, ' ''Ask' us something easy.' The K question arose .through the announcement K by thel|se'6retary';thafa dame pf'TQ.odd B summers' 'had 'gratefully withdrawn her B claim for 'rations'' as she was about to K enter onajmacrimonial career for t\\\&. fifth m, time. :l,Tho bridegroom-elect is about the K same age as 'the bride, and it is to be hoped I will be ableipj afford his! spouse a 'comfort I able home, in ' return for her. experience, I which ought' to' count .some as a!dowry.i I The lady .does:'npt-'ap'pear to have.turned! K her first four to much pecuniary advantage, I k but we trust her fifth'busband will at least: I prove 'ratipn'^able. . j ' ....,? I ? National rjioTECTioN Assocation ov E Tasmania'.' A special meeting 'of [the, com K mittee of . the abovenamed association was m held at Bridgewater on Saturday last, to Ij receive the' resignation of Mr Piesse, the I-; honorary1 secretary, and' to elect his suc ft cessbr.;: The president (Mr Joseph Barwick) i ? said thatthose present, and the association I'i generally;1 would' regret the step taken by. [| Mr Piesseiri resigning the office ofsecretary,, I ?:; as there was no denying that Mr Piesse was f i the father of the movement,' and had thrown [?: his whole heart into' the work. However, :! as that gentleman ! had ' positively decided I not to re-consider his resignation, the only course open to : them was to elect one of ' their members to the' office. Mr J.'- Pace j moved— 'That 'Mr Henry Johnston's, of ! High Sunderlandi'be appointed secretary,' ii which was seconded1 by Mr Pies3e Jand ,' carried ' unanimously. Mr Johnstone ' said that before' discussing his ability or wil ? linjjness to 'accept the office he would move .-' — 'That this association regrets the resig L nation :bf- .Mr.] Piesse.'a'ndi desires- to' !place ) upon record the valuable services rendered ; by. that gentlemam in the protection cause.' j The motion -was seconded by Mr James and | carried unanimously. - Mr Johnstorie'soid * he would do; his best to forward' the' object k of : the association; and trusted that Mr i Piesse would giyehim the 'benefit of his ;' experience.' Mr Piesse, in reply, said'that 'j although! he 'had; resigned ? the- position of 3 secretary; ha .would still remain in the com ;=: mittee.'and would--render all the assistance I in his power. '???- ??''.'' ' ' ?' ?.?????: I .DESTITUTE; CHILDREN IN LONDON.— ?We \ have, receiyed;. from the secretary .of, Dr. I Barnardo'B 'Homes for, Destitute Children a (, copy of Night and Day for March, which is s full of interesting incidents and facts illus ' trating, the : work among the ? waifs and 1 strays, of .wealthy London. The cuttings \ are well executed and the whole work: is % veiiy interesting. . The number of orphan ;; and destitute children under the editor's if carewhpihayebeen admitted .irrespective of ' sex, ofvage, lorof, physical infirmity, now amount to 3000. ?..! - ??? ' ?: ??-..nii I Lonoeoiid. — Our correspondent writing. j on Monday says :— Dr. Mason, of Longford, i was called', on ; Saturday . - to attend to :a I serious accident at Epping. ; A man named Bowley fell violently on to the end. of a H piece of timber, and the fall was soon fol N lowed by ,, painful, breathing, a bruised ap nj pearance over the chest, .and deformity. H On examination the doctor found that the || breast; bone was broken through the middle, H and two ribs displaced. -,Our correspondent, Hj writing oh May 1, says: — The. Anglican H floral and, cake show was brought to a B successful 'conclusion, last night, when .all H the exhibits were disposed of, the results of H the, day jamounting to £38, and with dona El tiohs the total of £45 will be reached, which H is highly^, satisfactory, and far exceeds the B proceeds , of last year s show. Much credit H is , due. to (the fair hori. secretary, Miss B. B Wayu, and.'.her izealous assistants f«r,. the successful character of this gathering, and' I.join with] ,0,11, good people in offering my hearty congratulations. ,The weather has again changed, from being genial and sunny to dull and gloomy, with light showers; and, promise of more. A local gentleman.va^ certificated, teacher ,in the art, has very j kindly offered to -form a, shorthand class,' and' all desirous' to join are requested to, communicate to j'your own,' so that it can be established without delay, and withi praiseworthy kindness. the Jteacher will not: charge for;hi8 valuable services. A Laun ceston instructor is also prepared to open a singing, class here, similar ,to the Clioral: Society, at Perth, should sufficient induce-; ment offer, .so that life during the winter! PWmi6e3.tO)bB of a profitable and enjoyable nature. .,i- ' ..'. !?? ,. : ? -, ?: ?? ? .. ; .? Tee Famine in ChinA..— ~We have been requested (rtb publish the following,. from the' secretary ''. of :the! Eastern Extension' Telegraph Gpmpa'ny; London, : in referencej to, the famine in Cnina: — ' In addition '.to.; liberal subscriptions', the Eastern Telegraph Company' have,' from the commencement,, tranamitted'to China telegrams- relating ,t6' tlie'ffiinine'free/and'will' extend'the priyi^ legato5 message's ;'exchariged, betwe'ea Tas-ji mania and' China' it'sent as services through . *n^ company's', office.' '.':,....'. '.[?!$ -m ?'!'':'; '? : :r v.i'i ;^7tii ,:ij,,o t.-ti:'iii7.' ???? ?;'?'«; ''' -r'r ?'??'- '?*'? ?n,--f ;:.-) [,;.;;( i,|!j V) .-?-;-, .-:'.. ?i'-.V- -,: ?' ''?-'?' EXECDTOBS AND TRUSTEES ASSOCIATION. —The third ; half-yearly; meeting .'of . :share-' holders, . in ., the . Tasmanian . Permauenti Executors1 and' Trustees'Associatidn was held at the office of the association, Bris bane- street, bn! Tuesday last. .Thirteen shareholders were presuntj and represented by proxy,.MrC.H.: Smith, chairman of directors, presiding. ' The' chairman', read the report ' and ' balance-street, and ? in moving , their ,. adoption; referred to the steady progress being made by the association, andhe trusted that the share holders 'would continue to aid the busiuess by making the objects' of the association and the character of the business it trans acted known whenever possible. The direc tors; in fixing the scule of charges, had der cided to be as moderate as possible, so as not tp press heavily oh any estates, but at the same time they would be remunerative to the shareholders. Mr B.' Kidd seconded the motion, and' it : was carried. On the motion of Mr Home, Messrs. Alfred Hay wood and I'. C. Smith' were re;elected auditors. A short discussion took place in reference to the prospects of the associa tion, and Mr Horne1 mentioned that it was proposed to ask the ''shareholders ': to meet and talk over 'the business; of the associa tion,' and decidej what should be doneto bring' affairs more prominently forward. Mr ilonds said as evidenco of contiduuce being placed in' tlie'association, several persons had already' appointed it as their trustee, and' a: .'good niuhy others had ex pressed their 'intention1 of doing the same. The chairman' moved that a vote of thanks be' passed to the officers dud directors of the Hobaft Board for' their services, and stated that they ; had given very valuable assistance to the association. The motion was carried unanimously. A. vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the meeting.' UTTEitiNa oiiVFonaKD Cheques. — for some time past the city of Launceston has been free ? from attempts to ,obtain money or goods by means of forgery, but on Tues day two most daring: cases caine, to ; light, and are -now .- being investigated by the police. On Monday a boy went into the drapery establishment of 'Messrs. : M'Kay, Sampson, and Al'Xinlay,, and ;handed in a ?letter :containing .aui.order for ; six white shirts,- purported !to be 'signed by 'W.I. Thro \ver,';accompanied by ' a' ?? cheque for £4 ointhe Bank of : Tasmania, also 'signed ' \V:. 1\. Thrower.': As: the cheque or order did, not present any glaring i traits '. ot forgery the goods were supplied to the boy and the j necessary change given.;! On Tuesday the same boy took* a similar order and cheque for a like number of shirts to.Messrs. Pepper j and Perrin, Brisbane-street, and received the articles and change in the usual way. The [ forgery was discovered, later lin.the day, when a member,of the, latter | firm went to the bank, and the matter was immediately ' put into the hands of ' the p'olicei, who will, it-is unnecessary to'-sayi .lise^their best endeavors .to .trace the : origin 'of so bare faced a swindle.; , .;.!.,: ;.,|-..- '; : Appointment op aiBecbiveh. : — The Commissioner in, Bankruptcy has appointed Mr Jacob' Justus. Rumpff a receiver in the matter ;of' the 'estate of, John , Martin 'DownesVof'Longfbrdi'storeke'eper. ; -.- Sale ' oi Town ' Lands; — During the week ..there ?' /were !?? i three :? imaps ; on vieW'rin; front ! of v the Lands Titles Department of ' the Public Buildings, showing the- plans of the towns of Strahan, Remine ? (Trial Harbor), . and Zeehan, and the sections already secured, together'with those to 'be sold' at Hobart on Wednesday,, May, 8. ...The. number of sections ,secured shows,, that there is very good demand : for '^these ;t6wh-' landa, and it is anticipated that there will be active competition for the reaming sections. The upset price is being put down at £15 for each lot. We notice - the Government reserve several blocks in good positions. .Poisonous Mushrooms.— Several cases of rather serious.illness arising from per sons eating a peculiar kind of mushroom that has made its appearance this season have been brought 'under our notice, and we have been asked to give a warning note. This strange l fungoid /growth resembles very much a small mushroom, except that it has a comically-shaDed head, and seems to grow in abundance in places where mush rooms were not seen last year. Longfojid Debating Glu'd.— The annual meeting of the.Longford Debating Cli}l?,was held '. .'on -Friday,' . April. '-.',26, in,,/Christ Church schoolroom, ,when the Bev. A. jWayn occupied , the chair. ; The rules w'ere'^first revised, 'resulting in' the simplifying of the management, which . was entrusted , to six members, .comprising Hon. W.. , Dodery (chairman), Messrs. Gh Heritage (treasurer), A. Whitfeld (secretary), Pastor Bldckie, G. H. Arthur, and, A. E. Hutchinsbn, Pastor Blackie's name being included, subject to his consent. It was also decided to meet every three weeks instead of fortnightly as before, to commence ,on JFriday, evening, May 17, when the subject for discussion will be ' Is Civilisation a Blessing or a Curse ?'. Clock Tonveh pob , Launceston. ,-- The Government has , accepted the, tender of Messrs. J. and T. Gunh, the contractors for the erection of the new Post and Telegraph Office, Launceston, to erect a clock tower in connection therewith. The contract priceis£85p. ,,'. ?.,.,''..? .. . . ' '... ., , Deloiiaine Bazaah. — Almost success ful bazaar was held:at theDeloraine Town ' Hall last week, for the purpose of liquida , ting i the existing debt:.of \ £600: on the [Catholic Church. ?' Preparations had: long been made for making, this bazaar exceed all [others,- and the:, fair- workers' engaged' now have the satisfaction , in the: know- ledge : of having raised' a larger sum by this method, ?than i has; beeniisimildrly raised outside the the cities in1 the colony.' Nearly . all , the Deloraine inhabitants, of alldenominatioris,:'took an active interest iin the work, and is decidedly to the credit' of the ladies for having brought aboiif the success. :.'The fair was. opened on' Easter Monday.by the'Warden of Deloraine, Mr Jas. Griffin/and business started, the stalls being under1 ?. the ??? control of; Mesdames Griffin,, , Sulliyanj Gannon, and O'Meara, ' who had- eacht : a bevy of yoiing 'lady assistants. During the ? evening a: 2-yr-old bloodifilly, presented by Mr M. Griffin, was competed f or;'arid Mr TV? Roberts' proved !the l most fortundte^persbn.:; All the stalls' 'were well filled, and'compdrisbn'is' almost impossible,'- although' the most business was done : at those' presided; overbyMesdames Gannon and Sullivan. .The business was kept dip'iintil late !ori Wednesday ^evening,1 whenra siini of - £543 11s i was handed ;in by 'the ) four 'stall-holders: It This- sum - will'be augm'ented;vand'un';aU''_prbb'aWUty-'win!go near£600.-- ?H;--r.:,n\ n.c'-.-^iiu ?;?;: ;n!;,,5 i ,,:?,?;;') o!'-i.i ;?' V-r ';'?' ;''' ?';'.' -';;';: LoNcyoRD '' Boad' Trbst.— [ The usual -monthly. mbetihg- wasireldoirApril^Gin'the (Council Chambers,' when thenvwere pre sent— Messrs.: W.' H. ». Arclier.iWi' Dodery, |D. Lucas, A. M.:Mackiimon^,andJ. Wright. iThe; return of Messrs. Dode'ry,: Lucas, and IVright was duly reported; and- then Mr- \Y. ?ll. D. Archer was, re-elected' cliaif man of ;the; trusti A , rate.ofj Gd.-inr.tlie. £1 .was struck for the; ensuing, year; the Snancial position of the trust being: highly satisfnc-i tory, there, being a credit balance, of ;£3iJ6 in the bank, and the Government -grant-in-aid of £G69lnow available. A recommendation of desirable works for execution was tabled! and deferred for further consideration. PABLrAMJENTAItY DEBATING SOCIRDY. — The1 session of the Launceston Parliamen tary Society was, opened 'ouj April 26 under decidedly favorable auspices. 'The mumbers occupied tho platform of the Mechanics' Institute, the body of the hall being well filled with visitors, who took a close interest in the proceedings. The Premier, Mr M.E. Robinson, having briefly announced the objects of the society, the Speaker, 'ALr J. B. Waldron, took the i: chair, i and' read the Governor's speech, which had been.printed and distributed, together with aprogramme of procedure and .: names 'of spealters. .?? Tho debate was opened by 'Alt' Robinson, who was followed' by:Mr J. Sly, Leader of th« Opposition, the following then speak ing in order— Messrs.1 &. iJl.;:Sutton (Trea surer), J . D; ' Johnstone, ' J'. , Morton, ? J. V. Sullivan, E. G. Aliller, C. G.. Gilmore, B. A. Nathan, W. Martin. W.: J. .M'Williams (Minister of Lands). I The1, debate 'was then adjourned till. : May ' 3.' siThe .leading feotutes in the Speechi were , dealt with, in cluding purchase of Main Line and V.D.L. Railways, Mount Zeehnn Itailwayj1 Licen sing 'Act, and Sanitation. !', The' ..various speakers acquitted themselves most credit ably, and the speeches— which were limited to 10 minutes— fully testified the excellence of such societies. There .were upwards of 50 members on the platform,- and judging from the proceedings,::, then society - haj a very successful and usefulr.session in prospective. The ceremonies i were con ducted by the Clerk of the House (Mr A. Kirkland) moot satisfactorily. r Council of Education i Examinations. — Ifrom .the secretary ? to i the ,: Council : of Educations Mr, George, Richardson, '; we (Mercury) have received the: following: in- formation with regard to, the:number of candidates entered for the .various exami nations :— For the Tasmanian Scholarship there are five' candidates', one; from Christ's College, Hobart,' three 'from 'the ''Church Grammar School,' Launcestdn',' and one' from Horton College ; 26 candidates have entered for the A.A. Degree, 11 being females and 15 miles, to which *? the., Ladies', : College, Hobart, sends 4; Mrs.. Barnard's, school, Hobart, 3 ; Miss s Oldhani|s school, . Hobart, 1 ; Miss Hogg's, Launceston, 2 ; and private study, .1; -total, 11. ; Males-rr- Hutchiu's School, Hobart, 5 ; Church Grammar School, Launceston, 3 ; Horton College,, 1 j , Officer College, 1 ; Christ- ;. College, , 1 ;: Friend's High , School, - \1 ; , and j private . study, 3 ; total, 15.- For the Council oft Education exhibitions, therc.are U female and; 15, male candidates, tin the former, ., the. Ladies' College, Hobart, sends up 3 ; Ladies' College, Launceston, 1; Presentation,, .Convent, Launceston, 4; and .Miss Hogg's ? School, Launceston, 1.' In the latter, the:Hutchins' School sends up 3 ; Christ College, 4 ; Officer College, 2; Church Grammar, School, Lauii ceston, 2 ; High School, Launceston, 2; St. Francis Xayier's, li; andJMr, A. A..Stepnens, New Town, 1. ? This is , the, .list, ,of,candi7 dotes received up, to 430 on ,Tuesday, but: Mr Richardson . informed, us i that any letter bearing , on Tuesday's- post- mark, though only received, by ? ,him next day, would be considered in time! Our correspondent wired lastievening:7T The annual examination takes place at, the Town Hall probably on Monday, i June1 3, although the ;date is not Jofficiallyifixed. The number of pupils entered this year for examination exceeds those 'of any - previous year, and every subject set down -for ; the A. A. degree has been taken up. The fol lowing are the examiners : — Professor Irving and T. J. Smith, M.A. ; J. Summers, Muc. Bac. ; Mr G. Fagg, M.S.A:,; 'drawing; Father Kelsh, Italian. The examiners ' for the exhibitions are the Rev. R. D. Poulett Harris and Mr G. W. Waterhouse.' ?''''?' ' ' GoyBBNMENT TECHNICAL SCHOOL^The! winte'r'sessionjOf the Launceston Technical School commenced on May 1, and though tlieweatherTyasdnythingbutpleasant, there was a.good'inuster of students. ' ,Sey,eral of the old!' 'studenta whose avocation's' had prevented ' their- attendance during' 'the summer months; again put in an appear ance, while a good number of new names: were also enrolled. The new rooms'in the1 Quadrant seem very suitable' for the piir-; poses of the school, and now that the models are being unpacked and placed 'in' position, and various instructive ' plans' and designs attached to the walls, the' large' class-room presents a scholastic appearance'.: MrW. Schultz will instruct' in ?technical art, including building and ; machine' in struction; practical geometry, ; drawing,; painting, and technical drawing^ for, machinists, carpenters, masons, and bttier trades. The mathematical branch will 'be superintended by Mr C.N. Ockleton','R CiP.,' and the course of study will, include arithmetic, algebra, euclid, .mensuration;, trigonometry, and elementary mechanics. The Government inspector has kindly 'con- sented to conduct the engineers' class. The course of study will be published in' a ' few day. Meanwhile, students are requested ; to forward their names with list of subjects' :they intend to take up. ' ? ?' ? :' ???? i Dauby and Joan. — Poverty is generally supposed to be too close an atmosphere for the existence of poetry or sentiment, -.'but instances occasionally prove that no physi cal sufferings can altogether' deaden the' higher faculties. Many of our readers rnust have been moved to pity by the familiar sight of an aged couple, each nearing four score, who once a week come into town from Prospect, and travel up and down Brisbane- street, the old man, though lame and decrepid, pushing a barrow containing a scanty stock of cheap goods, and followed by his blind wife, who is guided by a string, held in her hand. Last week the humane' secretary of the Benevolent Society accosted the couple, with a view to rendering aid, but, on suggesting a home in the Invalid Depot, was met with piteous entreaties not to'separate them from one another. ;;They had travelled their hard road 'hand 'in' hand '- till now, and wished, whatever the hardships, to finish the journey together. !YPe are glad that another way out 'of the difficulty : was found, and1 though ? not aotually: residents 'of Laurices'tbn7 'the society have seen their way to relieve' their ?wants by a grant of sufficient food;'-'} . ' DkAjIK by MiSADVENXUnE.— At the in quest' on'theBody'bf.Enima'JJ'otlie'rihgham; who , died' ; on : April , 23 at; Snake Valley, Ballarat (says an exchange),,through taking a sedative ev.ery hour instead of every four hours, as ordered, by Dr; Scaiitlebury, evi dence was giyen to the, effect, that the pre scription was. dispensed 'by Mr Hartley, chemist, of Liniton, who omitted to insert the word 'four', before the printed word 'hours,' as ordered by the doctor.. As tbe bottle was- laMed1 it therefore read, 'a tablespoonful to be taken every hours.' William Fotheringham, husband of the deceased, and the- nurse, seeing no figures I on the label, arrived at the conclusion that | the contents were- to' be administered every hour. The sedative was given for the first time on Thursday evening last, and on the fifth dose being administered the patient became unconscious. The doctor, on being sent for, applied the stamach pump and other remedies, but without avail, and the woman died on Sunday at midnight. The prescription produced at the inquest, was understood by Mr Hartley, but in a moment of forgetfulness, he omitted to insert the word ' four.' The sedative was composed largely of opium and chloroform. Dr. East wood, who made the post mortem examina tion of the body, having deposed to the cause of death, Mr Thompson, the coroner, summed up, and the jury returned the following verdict :— ' That Mrs Fothering ham diedlrom poisoning through an overdose of a mixture dispensed by Mr Hartley, and we find Mr Hartley ; guilty of negligence m omitting to place the proper directions on the bottle, , and we also find William Fotheringhum guilty of negligence in not more carefully attending to the direction before administering the. compound.' The matter is to, be placed in the hands of the Crown Law authorities to -decide what further steps wer6[ to be taken. . . New Ships ron the Navy.— A return has been: published; of the number of ships, including those, in the proposed now ship-building programme, which will be lidded to the 'British navy, in the ' period between April lv 1880, arid April 1,1894. The numbers are as follow :— First-class brttle- ships, 5, the Camperdown,- Trafalgar, Nile, Victoria, and Sons ' Pareil ; first-class protected cruisers,1 2, the'Blake andthe Blenheim ; second-class protected cruisers, 3, the Melpomene, Magicienne, and Mara thon ; third-class protected cruisers, 6,! the Barhar, Belbna, Barrosa,- Blanche,- Blonde, and Barracouta; torpedo depot ship, 1, the Vulcan j torpedo' gunboats', jl 7, the Sharp shooter, Salamander, Seagull, Spanker, Speedwell, Sheldrake, and Skipjack; sloops, 2, the Beagle and Bantirk j first-class gun boats, 9, the Magpie, Redbreast,' Eedpole, Sparrow, Thrush, Lapwing, Ringdove, Wid geon, and Goldfinch ; sailing training brig, 1, the Mayflower. In addition1 to these ships, the first-class battle-ships; Howe and Camperdown, arid the 'belted cruisers Australia, Galatea, Im'moftalitd, Narcissus, and Aurora, and the second-class protected cruisers, Medea and Medusa, will be prac tically complete ' % March -31, 1889. with the exception of guns, not yet delivered. The following ships are also to be built for service in Australian waters :— Second class protected cruisers^ 5, -the Pandora, Pelbrus, Persian, ' Phoenix, and 'P.syche ; torpedo gunboats, '2, 'the ' Whiting and Wizard.; the total number of , ships in pro gress r being 43. Another official paper gives the'riuiriber of ships which will probably be'rembyed from the Navy list as obsolete or' riot worth repairs, ' during the same period, They are as follow :— Third-class battle-ships, .4; the Defence, Valiant, War rior,' arid Hector ; : second-class unprotected cruisers, 1,'the Shaff';' third-;clas3 unpro tected cruisers, 7, the Opal, Tourmaline, Turquoise, Ruby, Emerald, Garnet, and Diamond; unprotected sloops, 8, the Wild Swan, Penguin, Ospr'ey; Cormorant'.Dragon, Pegasus, Miranda, and ..Daring'; 'second class gun-vessels, 4, the Ranger, ,'Algerine, Falcon; and Ready1; second-class gunboats, 6, the' Firm,' Forester; Firebrand,' Firefly, Zephyr, and Merlin— total, 3O.j ': The Red SIan's Doom.— The1 -Home News say's iirf- The Canadian Government have lately issued a full and interesting report on .the remnant.of the red, men, the now moribund race which formerly spread over the North American continent. It appears that 125,000 of these warriors survive in British North America, but, how few com pared with those hordes of warrior braves, who' chased the bison for scores of miles and filled their wigwams with innumerable scalps. 'Fire-water ' and small-pox have been the Europeans' gift to this' old race: the Six Nations, pur faithful though savage' allies in the French wars, still live on, but what ghosts of their former selves ! , The, suryivors.'are beebming civilised ; they are learriirig bur industrial arts, acquiring our language, repeating parrot-like jour dogmas arid our creeds ; but their doom is certain. The white race.is crushing but. the red men in America, as: it bos' 'almost extirpated the ' blacks 'at the antipodes, Perhaps the iBantus, in Central Africa will prove , a tougher morsel to swallow, arid now in the Dominion, the first instructors of the red ?merir-the Jesuits — are ?'. experiencing . the: lehariged condition of the times !'. It is only' 130- years since the conquest, of Que,bpc froin Montcalrri, and the, F,rehch eleinent.in the Canadian ; Dominion,' still exists 'and, even grows. Those Ffancb^Americans who. are now British /subjects, arid .. the ' mixed' races of Louisiana live to remind English men of the days when the French posses sions in America ranged 'frpin the Great Lakes, down the whole 'course of the Mis sissippi, as far, as New Orleans. To Wolfe arid the New Englanders in the , West,' to Cliye, and Warren Hastings, in India, the British Empire owes.soirie b£ the. fairest portions of her domains. The effects of the. Seven. Years' ; War! are as active as ever. .,....'' ., ,',,;??'.'. ', :-, , -All Alike. — We clip the following from the New Zealand Times :—' If there is any one question beyond all others engaging the attention of our local authorities from time to time that seems impervious to simple common sense, it is that of the dis posal of the nightsoil. The City (Auckland) Council appear to be' blundering irito the right direction, but ? it seems fated that folly should attend them ' to the 'last. They have very properly decreed that a material which is the base of ? the* most valuable of manures shall1 be utilised1 to the best advantage. But they have to fix on a site for the factory where 'this offensive material is to be worked upon, and the usual fatuity is driving them to fix the' site at an inland .rural village, and: to transmit the material- by.-, rail.; And: the1 residents that 'are threatened .-with 'being poisoned are up in arms, and well they: may ; the wonder is that the.' populous dis tricts through whion tha' stuff is: to! be' drawn, by .train, are not united i'a resist ance.-— Why will- the Council not resolve on the reinova) 'by barges, as we have so often urged ?' arid place the 'site of the poudre works : at ? .some om or' another of n hundrqd ? suitabl'er positions on the barren and unoccupied shores that surround so much of the waters- of our Harbor? The course that should betaken is so palpable to any ordinary intelligence-; that one is lost in wonder why ever db' the- Council go on harassing unoffending people at Foint Chevalier, and now at New Lynn and goodness knows where next. And one con only conceive that it must be from' that peculiar perversity which, like a leprons_ growth, seems- Uy overspread the tpirit of the official mind— iM-le3s peradven sureitbe that there may ks some other more subtle influence at worls that we wot not oF. Who can say V Newcastle Collibuy- Dib?ti!ibs. — The referee appointed to- deal wish disputes between the colliery proprietor* and the miners at Newcastle lias-given his decision with respect to six claims for extra pay ment and one protest against a reduction of the rates by the miners of she New Lambton colliery.. He deoided that three claims for extra payment for special work could not be entertained as long as the court is governed by the provisions of the general agreement, and that two other claims for payment for refuse had not been made out. A claim for payment for conrse coal m the roof as refuse was allowed, and a protest against the reduotion of- the rate of payment for yard work in 'cut throu-xhs' was sustained. Damng Attempted Roubehy in Sydnry.— A daring attempt at robbery was made by two young men a day or two ago. They entered the shop of 'Louis Dorn- jeweller, George-street TTest, and sub mitted gold, with which they asked him to make a ring. , While Dorn (says the Arr/us correspondent), who is an eldbrly man, was examining the gold, one of the men (Wil liams) crept behind the counter and throt tled him, rendering him unconscious. When Dorn recovered shortly afterwards, he found himself in a back room, Williams and his companion being in the shop. Donv got out at the rear of the' premises, and: gave the alarm, but the men made off, and only one (Williams) was captured after a desperate struggle. Williams was com mitted for trial. The Gehjun Exiuuition Steamer,— Some account has already appeared of the company formed in Germany to send out a huge steamer fitted up as a floating exhibi tion of German manufactures, or floating commercial museum. The latest reports state that this steamer, by its great size as well as by, the novelty of its purpose, is ex pected to attract largo crowds at the ports at which it touches. After careful con sideration, it has been decided that each voyage of the steamer should, to be of any real use last two years. Under these con ditions the stenmer would be able to stay in each of the commercial centres which it visits long enough to be of practical service to German trade, and it. could so time its visits as to arrive at ffavorable periods of the year., , Hamburg jhas been chosen as .the point of departure. Exhibitors and others interested in ? the enterprise, will have an opportunity, of seeing the steamer in that city before she starts on her.voyage round the. world. The route has been decided upon, and the ports men tioned below will be visited in the follow ing order i-jCopenhagen, Kronstadt, Stock holm, GothenDurg, London, Amsterdam, Rotterdam, : Antwerp, New: ? York, Phila delphia, Baltimore, . New Orleans, Vera Cruz, Havana, Laquapa, Bahia, Rio de Janeiro, Santas, Monte Video, Buenos Ayres,- Valdivia, Valpariso, Callao, Gueta mala;,Maniianilla, San Francisco, Yoka hama,! Nagasaki, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Bangkok, Singapore, Calcutta, Bombay, Madras, Colombo, Batavia, Port Adelaide, Melbourne, Sydney, Cape Town, Tamatave. Zanzibar, .Aden, Suez, Port Said, Jaffa,. Beyrout, .Smyrna, Constantinople, Odessa, Athens, Messina, Palermo,. Naples, Civita Vecchia (for home), Genoa, Barcelona, Malaga, Tangiers, Lisbon, and back to Hamburg... . . - , , The National Duink Bill. — Dr. Dawson Burns, in a letter to 'The Times,' shows that during the past three years the national expenditure on drink has not been: much less than £125,000,000 a year. There has .been . some fluctuation in the figures and -in the cost per head of the population. In 1887 the total expenditure was some two millions greater than in 1886.;, and 1888 marks a slight'further advance. But when we make allowance for the estimated yearly increase in the population, we find that the cost per head is not much more in 1887 than in '1886, and that 1888 has been the most temperate of the three years. When we look'back 10 years, we see more reason than ever to congratulate ourselves on the' marked signs of improvement in our national habits.- In 1876-78itbe total ex-, penditure on ' i drink was ; some.; 20.000,000 more than the amount to which it has now sunk, and' as the ^population-at that peri6d^ was'some 4,000,000 less than, now, tha cost per head was proportionately! so much the rreater.'i'The: year .' 1876 is i the worst' to which'Dr. Burns refers.' In thatyear the costof f drink per head ; of population was ;£5'9s.i For, 1888 it stands :at £3 :6s 8d.. Going back to 'I860,' we find that theex penditure'was lib more 'than S3, 18s 6d per head, but' The Times,' commenting on the figures, remarks that there are one or two.; points to be borne in mind of which Dr. Burns tells us nothing. The national ex penditure on drink, like the national ex penditure on any other luxury, is affected' very largelybythedegreeof prosperity which, the country at large enjoys. Dr. Burns ? ten model years were not years of peace. They includb.the time of the great Crimean, war,' and the nation which is spending money on gunpowder and glory will have so much the less to spend on anything else for several years to come. It is satisfactory to remember that for 1888 there is no such, factor to be considered, The decrease shown in the cost of drink per head of population, has been going on concurrently with an, improvement in trade, and with the in creased spending powers which an improve ment in trade brinRS. Our sobriety; there-, fore, such as it is, has been of o more volun tary kind. We have spent less per head on drink,' ' not because : we have less to spend, but because we have been, less inclined to thdtr form of expenditure. ??- There is room for improvement, it must be admitted, but {' The Times' sees no reason for.the gloomy view which Dr. 'Burns seems to take, and less need -than ever; for the repressive measures which he 'Wats at as out only hope. ??'''? -Fbenoh Political Crisis.— The Pa'As correspondent of ;the Tune*, writing urJ(ior dote February 16, of the .: 'French poetical crisis, says:— ': All eyes; are now: f'.«d on President Carnot, who has a golde^ oppor tunity ,to,taka energetic measu'.^g ana to postpone further disturbance ur,tiiafberthe Exhibition. :;: Ha : will be v'^tuaUy sup ported in this by a large r^ajority -of the Conservatives, by commej^^and many who esteem that it is a T jatriotio and loyal duty to bridge over the Exhibition season. After that great oaks, from little accorns may grow. The present watchword of the Boulangists is obr^roatjioti and science. I. do not believe l'Aisitiess affairs '-are pros-: speroushere — f'*e from it. Everything is as bad as it ?^\\-il -can bo. 1r the largest shops there ifj plenty oE Toom, and sales were never so m aan, nnd -so few. '-Bn the Bourse Panama ond Bio Tinito tihey have played havoc ?^ttfe many forlorn sheep. There are Wan. -who ware rich only a few weeks since, tvJio must, seek 'foe clerkships to day.- The outlook is very dark, and but. for the -sunny perspective of the summer harvest there would: be loud muttarengs. Tb«re is t great deal of in difference as to 'the coming of either a nr.ljl ? 1_ nn,.n»anti tr?iihin«fc. fchfl firnV&l; tC ?nowsr of II. de Preycinet, or the conjecture, 'Whether Meline will' really persiFt in his refusal to form a new Ministry. Everyone wonts ipeace and tranquillity. ; Wherever, 'they can be found there people will go. It Boulanoer could really conquer the , appre-, -hension Pf war that his career , seems , to mredict, and even to make nocpssnry, there Tvould'not'be aripiple in th9 greut sea of his ?easy sailing. People are tired and ready to follow almost anyone to avoid the bother of thinking and acting for themselves, and they'dadrend poverty, hardship, and the tedium of the present statu quo: Unfortu nately for' their 'hopes, M. Carnot considers himself 'President of the Republican con centration, when in reality he was the chance candidate of a division, and therein is the'rtifficulty of his present position and the Ministerial choice.' element in Ifew York steadily forges ahead, quite 'indifferent, as to whether - Henry Hilton or Austin Cobin. likes it pr not. The Progress Olub, which is composed wholly of Jews, has }B3t decided to spend , £100,000 on a club'lhouse on Fifth Avenue. It is needless to say that nearly air the members of the club'are business men, ns Hebrews are rarely anything else. 'The Semitic element is not (says an exchange) often taken into account in ? connection with club'tifeviri New York, yet'tlie1 Progress Club' is one of the strongest organisations in the^city. It has grown so fast in the two dozen years of its existence that it has had to seek more commodious quarters four or 'five times, and now it projects a club-house that will be one of the' largest and handsomest buildings in the metropolis. The name of the club signifies more : than appears at once. Not only has progress marked the course of the club, -but' that of the wtoo'le' Jewish part of the population as well. The' social position of the Hebrews has oertrinly undergone^ a remarkable change in the pnst 30 years'. ''A1 great deal of the dldprejudice ' against them' has been broken-down and the field 'of their rela tions with other people nas Been greatly widened. Marriage between Jews-; and Gentites- steadily becomes ' more 'frequent i the Jew-arid the Gentile are often, found togetheri'in business partnership ; and the children of both' sit side by side' in -the schools and' form ties of acquaintance and friendship that are likely, to last for life; The present Jewish population' 'of New York 5s probably about one hundred thou sand. ' 5n a material sense it is an element of the greatestvalue.'andi its social im portance is constantly increasing.1 ' Of late years it 'has asserted itself with some effect in'poKtics, arid it inay do more in that way by-aad-bye.' ' Its capacities are manifold, and tJhere'8 no lack' of opportunity for their development. -?'' Who 'knows but an Ameri can Disraeli, may be a possibility of the not very remote future ? w ???'?? ;.'.?' 