THE DAY WILL COME. [Published by special [?] with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XV.—Continued). By M.E. DRADDON. Author of "Lady Andley's Secret," "Viren," [?] "Libe and Unlike," The fatel Threa, &a;, &.c. Theodore noticed that white most other tongue babbled as freely the girl called Marian eat silent, after her task of distributing the tea was over, with hands folded in her lap listen- ing to the vetoss round hex, aad with a son slaw smile lighting her face now and then. In repose lies sasntananca was deeply sad * aai he found hisasalf spsimlating uooa tha history j that had left those melancholy lines npm a face that was still youna. j "lam much iaterestedin your next neigh bor," he said to HDlbb Newton presently, while Marian was helping another gid to ole?r the j table, • I feel sure there must be something very sad in hat experience of life, aad th*t she has snnk fram.a higher level." "Bo do I," answered Miss Newtom, "but I know very little more about her than you do, etatpt that she is a most exquisite worker with tho*e taper Gacm of hers, and that ebe has worked for tbe same baby-linen house for Um last three years, and lived ia the same tennd floor back ia Batcnles's building*. I think she ia as toad of me as she can be, yet ehe has never tald me where she was born, or wte ha* people were, or what her life has beeaUke. Oaoe aae went so far aa to teU me that it had been a very easnmon plaoe life, and thas her troubles had been, ia no wiae extraordinary—except the fact of he* havi?g bad a very severe attack of scarlet fever, whieh left her a wreck. Onee tanas some chance siluakm I leant that it was ia Italy she saught the fever, and that it was bails treated by a foreign doctor; but that one fact is*D she evar let slip unawares in her talk, so carefully does she avoid every allusion to tbepaat. I need hardly tell yon that I have never questioned her. I have reason to know that ha life for the last three years has been egjotleM, an industrious, temperate, Christian life, aad that she is ebaritabla and kind with oat stiat to those who are poorer than herself. That k quite enough for me, aad I have ea* csnraged her to make a friend of me in every way in my power," "She is nappy in having toned such a friend, as invaluable friend to a woman who has sunk fzsKe higher social sunouadinga." "Yee,lthinklhavebeeaaoomfort to her. She comes to me for bosks, and we meet nearly every day at the Free Library and compare antes about oar reading. My only regret is that I eaaaot induce her to take enough air and cxeccite. She spends all the time that she can «pare bnm her needlework in- reading. Bat I take her for a walk bow and then, and I think she enjoys that. A pennorth of the tauntar carries us to Battenea Park, and we eaa stroll about amon?st grass and trees, and in sight of the river. She is better off than most of the girls in the way of getting a little rest after tail, fee that fine, delicate needle work of hers pays better than the common ran of work, and she is tbe quiokest worker I know." <Tlie tables were cleared by this time, and epaee had been made for that half-circle round the fire of which Miss Newton bad spoken on the previous night. The younger giris brought bai?Dcks sad cushions and Bested themselves in the front raak, while the elders sat in the outer row of chain; and now Theodore was called upon to contribute his share to tbe entertainmeat, and thereupon took a book from his socket. "Yon told au yon and your friends wen fo?gVof creepy stones, Mtwj Newton," he said. "AstaatxcaUyaor 1 "Beaily and truly." "Aad yea am noae of you afflicted with weak nerves—you are not afraid of being made nacosofartable by *>?■ memory of. a ghastly story f "So. I think that with most of us the cans of life are too real and too absorbing to leave any room in our sniads for imagining horrors. Isnt it so, now, friends?" "Lor,yes, Miss Newton," answered one of thesacUfanakly; "we're all of as too busy to worry about ghot<s; bat I love a ghost tale for all that." A dura* of vetoes echoed this assertion, n "Sam ladies, I shall have the honor ot reading the 'Hauatenand the Haanted,' by Bhlww Ly tto?," Xfce vwy title bf the story thrilled them, and the whole-pasty, jost bow eo noisy with eager talk aad facqaent laaffhter, sat breathless, looking at the reader with awe-etrickxn eyes as tbat wandxrfal story slowly unwound itself. Tbesdore read well, in that subdued aad teaiidnm?ticatfle whioa u best adapted to cbaS?bn-tcadiag. He felt what he read, and the horror of tha imsgiaary scene was vividly before his eyes as he read. The readisg kwtod nearly two hoars, but it was act obs saoment too long- for Theodore's audience, aad there was a siftfe of regret when tb? last words of the story Bad been spoken. MWeo, n excKaned one yoaag lady. "I do call that a firstelass tale, dont you, Miss Newtoar "Yon may go a lonar way without getting Euoh a ghost tale as that," said another; "and doat tae-MSirlisisMi nad beautifully, and don't he saafee oae feel as if it was all going on in this very room, and the dog too 1 the poor dog to drop dewndead like that." " I did hone that there dog would come to at tbe«ftd," eaid one damsel. Bf way of diversion after the story, Miss Newton opened her piano, beokoaed three ot the girls over to bet, and played the symphony of ,?• Blow, gentle eaks,'rwhieh old-fashioned gkcjtha thcea girls aaag with taste and dis cretioa, the bass part being attend to suit a frsssltTtiiss, Theacamesooaeeo?ga,allof which Ifiss iwwto? anwmnamed. an? then at her request Theodore sead again, this time selecting Hobnesls«WowterfulOn7Hor?eBhay 1 >'whioh caused men laughter; aftorwhioh the little clock ca the chimney-piece having straek 11, he wished bis teasssss good-nigbt, selected hn coat and feat tfnsa asoo?g the heap of jackets aad hats «b a table on the landing and went dows?tatrs. HewaestiQ in Wedgewood street, when he bsasd tight footsteps coming quickly behind bios. It seemed to hm that they were trying to owtsle htm, so be turned and met the cMeroftteiees. "I beg your pardon, sir; forgive me for fol lowing yon," said a very geatie voice, whieh he recognised as belonging to the girl called Marion, "I wanted so much tc speak to you— aleac" "Asd I am glad of the opportunity of speak ing to you," he aaswersd. -1 felt particularly interested in you this evening—there are some fasts, yon kaow, winch interest as in spite of ourselves almost, aad I felt that I should like to kaow more of you," This was so gravely said that there was no possibility of aa offensive construction being given to the words. "You an vary good, sir. It was your name that etruck ate," she asmwered, falteringly; "it is a Dorsetshire name, 1 think." "Yes, it is a Dorsetshire name, and I am a Dorchester maa." "Dorchester," the repeated slowly, "I wonder whether you know a place called Cberiton!" "I know it very well, indeed. A Kinsman of mine lives there. Lord Cberiton is my cousin," " I thought as much directly I heard your name. Yon mast know all about that dread ful murder, then, hue summer ?" " Yes, I know about as much ot it as anyone knows, and that is very little," "They have not found the murderer V ehe adted witt a faint shudder. "No, nor are they ever likely to find him, I believe. But tell me why you are interested in Cheriton ': Do you come from that part of the cou?try?* '♦Yea. 1' "Were you bom ia Cheriton village ?" u 1 was bro?ght op not far from there," she ascwendaeettatingly. He remembered what Miss Newton had told him of her own forbearance in acking ques tieac, aad he pursued the enquiry no further. " May I eee yon as far as you* lodgings," ne eaid kindly. '* It will be very little out of my way." "No thank yon, Mr, Dalbrook. lam too much accustomed to going about alone ever to want any escort. Good eight, and tnank yea for havine answered my questions so kindly." He held out kis hand, mat she could not refuse to shake hands with him, but her. iLaoDcr showed a duhutiaation to proton? tbe interview, and tbe walked away with Lurried steps which carried her swiftly iato the dark nets. "Poor lovely soul," he said to himself. "New, whose lost sheep is she, I woader. She is certainly of a rank above a cottager'^ daughter, and with those bands of boss it u clear she has never been in domestic service. Not far from Cheriton 'i What may that mean? Not far k a vague description el locality. I must ask Lady Oheriton about her tbe next time I am at the Chase." ChafixbXVl. Christmas at Dorchester was not a period of festivity to which Theodore Dalbrook had hitherto looked forward with ardent expecta tions, but-in this particular December he found himself longing for that holiday season even as a schoolboy might long for release from Latin Grammar and suet pudding, and the oleateoas tare and idle days of home. He longed for the grave old town with its Roman relics and leaf leas avenue*; longed for it, alas! not 83 much became his father, brother, and sisters dwelt there, as became it was within a reasonable drive of Garmicbae] Priory, and once being at Dorchester be had a fair exeoee for going to see his cousin. Many and many a time in hie chambers at the Temple tc htd felt the fever fit so Etitng spinbiao ta«t ke was tempted to put en hie hat, rush cut cf those quiet court* and stony quadrangea to the buttle of Um Embaaknunt, soring into the first hansom that came within hail, and so to Waterloo, aad by any train that wonU carry him to Wareham station, and thenee to the ■ Priory, only to loek-oaoa Juanta'a fan far a little wbfle, only to holdherha«d inhn,o?ao at greeting and «aae at parting, aad then back into the njght and Ue loneliness of his life, and law Books said prece dents, and Justinian andtAttty. and allfinvt is ; commonplace and dryu-ctatt in a man's, existence. . He had refrained from such foolishness, and now Christmas was at hand, his Bisters wen , making the house odious with holly aad laurel,, the old cook was chopping suet tor tne , traditional padding, which be bad loathed for the hut ten years, and be had a fair excuse for driving along tbe slimy roads to visit his widowed cousin. He had a pressing invita-' tion from Lord Cberitcn to spend two or three days of his holiday tune at the Chase, an invi- j tation which he had promptly accepted; bat 1 hn first visit was to Lady Qarmichaef. , He found tbe house ia all things unlike wlat it had been when last he saw it. ! The dear Greavatas had been persuaded . to spend their Christmas ia Dorsetshire, asd .. the priory was full of chOdtenVvoioe? ana the traces of children's occupation. Theodore had \ known Jessica Grenville before her ""wingn. j yfet it was not the less a shook to find himself confronted by a portly matron and a brood of children in that room where be had seen i Ju??ita'sead face bent over her embroidery. ■ There waa no trace of Juanita in the spacious drawing-room to- day, and the fact el sex absence almost unhinged him for the moment, ' and made Pl?**l considerably confused in his conversation with Mrs. Grenville, who received him with gracious loquacity, aad initiated npon his giving an immediate opinion np-jn the different degrees of family likeness to bs seen in her four children. "These two are decided Carmicbaels," she Eaid, putting forward a rather flabby boy and a padding-faced girl, " and the other two are thorough Grenville?," indicating the latter and younger pair, who were mated on the floor building a Tower of Babel, with a lately received present of bricks, and carrying oat the idea by their own confusion of tongues. ; Theodore felt glad he waa not a GcenvOle if that was the type. He murmured some vague civility about the children, while be shook hands with Lady Jane, who had come forward shyly j to welcome him, almost obliterated by her j more loquacious daughter. ' i " Dont yon think Jobnnie the very image of his poor dear uncle? 9 asked Mn. GrenviUe j urgently, a question which always agonised Lady Jane, wno could not see the faintest like ness between her flabby and biliotu looking grandchild and her handsome sen. Theodore was too nervous to be conscious of his own ü?truthfulne?S in replying in tbe affir mative. He wasanxiou? to have done with the children and to hear about bis cousin. " I hope Jnanita is not ill ?" be said. " Ob, no, the is pretty well," replied Lady Jane, "but we keep her as quiet as we can, a?d of coune the children are rather trying for hex—" "Nobody can say that they are noisy children,"i interjected the happy mother, "so she seldom leaves her own rooms till tbe even ing! You would like to eee her at once, I daresay, Mr. Dalbrook, and I know ehe will ba pleated to see youf She rev?, and told the footman to enquire if Lady Carmicbael was ready to eee Mr; Dalbrook, and Theodore bad to devote the interval until tbe footman's return upon polite attention to the four children; He asked Lucy whence ehe had' obtained those delightful brickr, thereby eliciting the information that tbe bricks were not Lucy's, but Godolphin'e, only he "let her play with them," as he observed magnanimously. He waa gratified with tbe farther information that the tower now in process of elevation was not a church, but the Tower of Babel; and he was then treated to the history of that remarkable build ing aa related in Holy Writ. *• You didnt know that, did you ?" remarked Godolphin grandly when he had finished his narration in a harsh bawl, being one of those coarsely constituted brats whom their parents boatt of aa after the pattern of the infant Hercules. The footman returned before Godolphin bad wrung a confession of ignorance from the nervous visitor, and Theodore darted up to follow him ont of the room. He found Juanita reclining on a low eoucb near tbe firs in a dJmly-b?htel room, that room which be remembered having eatered only once before on the occasion of an after noon party at- tbe Priory when Sir Godfrey had taken him to his den to show him a newly acquired folio copy of Thomson^ Seasons, wftft the famous Bartttelozzi mezzotints. It was a good old room, especially at this wintry season when tbe dulnees of the outlook made less difference. The fire light gleamed cheerily on the rich binding! of the books, and on the dark woodwork, and fondly touched that reclining figure dressed in a loose white cashmere gown, the rich fold? of an Oriental rug draped around her recumbent form. " How good of you to come to see me so soon, Theodore, Ehe said, giving him bar hand, " I know yon only came to Dorchester yesterday, Tfa« girls were here the day before, and tali me they expected you." "You did not think I should be in the country very long without finding my way bere, did you. Juanita? " "Well, no, >ww*??p" not. I know whtta true friend you are to me, all that my fausbami might have been if God had let bhn live. And now tell me, have yon made any further dis coveries?" "One more discovery, Jnanita, as I told you briefly in my last hitter. I have traced the (Squire's daughter to tfrcwad dose of a moat-un happy life—aad so ends tbe Strangway family as you know of their existence—that is to aay, those three Btraagwaya who had some right to feel themselves aggrieved by tha loss of the land upon which they were bom." " Tell me all you beard from Kiss Newton. Your letter was brief and vague, but a* I knew . I was to see you at Christmas I watted for fuller details. Tell me everything, Theodore." He obeyed her, and related the bitter, com monplace story of Evelyn Strangway's life, as told him by her old governess. There wen no elements of romance in the story. It was as common as the Divorce Court or the daily papers. j "Poor creature! Well, there ends my ( theory; at least about her," said Juanita gloomily. " Her brothers were dead, and she was dead, long before that fatal night. Did they bequeath their vengeance to anyone else, I wonder? Who the is there in this world who bad reason to bate my father or me? And I know ihat no creature upon this earth qymifl have cause to hate my husband." "In your father's calling there is always a possibility of a deadly hate, inexplicable, un known to the subject. Remember the fate of Lord Mayo. A judge who holds the keys of life and death must make many enemies." "Yes," ebe lighed, "there is that to be thought of. Oh, my dearest and best, why did yon ever link your life with that of a judge's daughter? I feel as if I had lured him to his dcom. I night have foreseen the danger. I ought never to have married. What right bad I?. Some discharged felon lay in wait for him—some relentless, godless, hope less wretch—whom my father had condemned to long imprisonment—whose angry heart my father had scorched with his scathing speech. I have read some of his summings-up, and they have seemed cruel, cruel, cruel—so cold, eo deliberate, so like a god making light of the sins of men—some wretch, coming mad dened out of bi? silent i*?m«, and seeing my husband—that white, pure lifts that brave, strong youth—prosperous, honored, happy seeing what a good man's life can be—lay in wait like a tiger, to destroy ihat happy life. If it was not one of the Strangways who killed him it must have been such a man." Her eyes shone, and hex cheeks Sashed with a feverish red. Theodore took her hand, held it in both.his own, and bent to kiss the cold fingers—not with a lover's ardor, fondly as be loved; but with a calm and brotherly affection which soothed her agitated heart. He loved her well enough to be able to subjugate hiKEelf for her sake. "My dear Juanita, if you would only with draw your thoughts from this ghastly subject. I will not atk you to forget. That may be im po&eible.; I intreat you only to be patient, to leave the chastisement of crime to Providence, which works in the dark, works silently, in evitably to the end for which we can only grope in a lame and helpless fashion. Be sure the murderer will Btand revealed sooner or later. That cruel murder will not be his last crime, and in bis next act of violence he may be leas fortunate in escaping every human eye. Or if- that act is to be the one solitary crime of his fife boitifthing will happen to betray him— Borne oversight of his own, or some irrepres sible movement of a guilty conscience will give nis life to the net, as a bird fl'.es into a trap. I beseech you, dear, let your thoughts dwell upon less painful subjects—for your own sake -for the sake " He faltered, and leit his sentence ""fini?hwi, and Juanita knew ***** his sisters bad told him something, that the one hope of her blighted life, hope which she bad hardly recognised as hope yet awhile, was known to him. lean never cease to think of that night, or to pr?y that God wQI avenge that came," she said firmly. " You think that is an ""■'hrhr*'"' prayer, perhaps, but what does the Scripture fay? *\Vho?o aheddeth man's blood by man shall his blood be shed,' and Christ came to i confirm that righteous law. Oh, it is well to ibe a humanitarian—to sign petitions against capita] punishment—but let your dearest and nearest be murdered and you wOl be quick to j recognise the justice of that old inexorable law —a life for a life. That is what / want, Theo dore—the life of the man who killed my hus band." I "If I can help to bring about that end, Juanita, believe me that I wQ! not shrink from the task; but at present I most own that lam eff tbe track, and see no likelihood of euoceed j ing where a U*in?«J detective has failed, Gould I but find a ebred cf evidence to put me on the trail I wcnld pursue that due to the bitter end —trot so far all is dark" " Yes, all is dark. Yen are g?ing to etay at Cheriton, I hear?' " 1 am to spend three days there at the tnrn ?I the year, jaet before I go back to London. 1 have chambers in Ferret Oocrt, exactly over the rooms Id whtoh you* father spent the VfeUen scan of bit youth-the year* that isuade him a great man. It mil he very in ter«*tirg to me to hear htm talk over those jean, it I can beguile him into talking of him self—« subject which he eo seldom dwells UBOB." "Ask bun if be ever made a bitter enemy— aekhim for hie experience aa a judge at assizes —find ont, it yon oan, whether he ever pro- Toked the Jtatred of an niuetu?ulons, vindictive TOft?." "My dear Jnanita, half the criminals who are sentenced would come under that de nomination, but fortunately they b&ve; not yet* ■taken to wreaking their wrath upon the judges who sentenced them when they come out of prison." " You forget the care of Lord Mayo—that good, jact nan." ".Lord Mayrfe was altogether aa exceptional cau. The murderer na • madman," "My husband's tsnederer may have been a madman. It is oeelees arguing against every theory. There must have been a motive for such a Beemingly-parpasetese murder, and that motive mart have been a devilish hatred—such hatred as one reads of in Ireland and in Conies. The hate that kflto for the sake of killinr, and will kill an innocent third party to injure tbe object of its malignity." " I will question your father, Jnanita." "Do I He win not let me talk to him absut tbe one subject that occupies my mind. He always stops me-on the threshold of any en quiries. Be might; sorely help tee to find tbe murderer, with hia highly-trained intellect, with his experience of the darkest side of {reman nature—but" he will not. He would talk more freely to yon, no doubt." " I will eound him,** answered Theodore, an i ! then he tried to beguile her into talking of other things, her home, her surroundings, " It must be a comfort to you to have Lady Jane." "A comfort. She is all that I have of hap piness—all that reminds me of Godfrey. My mother and father ace very dear to me—l hope you believe that, Theodore ?—but our lives are parted now. My mother n wrapped up in her husband. Neither of them can sympathise with me as his mother can. Their loss is not the Game as ours. We two are one in our grief." " And ehe i« a buffer between you and the outer world I eee. She bears the burdens that would weigh you down. Those children, for instance—do doubt they are charming as children go, but I fancy they would worry you if you had too much of them." f' They would tell me," said Juanite smiling at him for tbe first time since hia entrance, '' I am afraid lam not very fond of children. It Bounds unwomanly to say bo, but I often find mycelf wishing they could be born grown up. Fortunately Lady Jane adores them. And I am glad to nave the Grenvillea here at Christ mas time. I want all things to bs as they would have been were my dearest here. I lie here and look round this room, which was hie, and think, and think, and think of him till I almost fancy he is here. Idle fancy, mockin* dream. Oh! if you knew how often I dream that be is living still, and I his happy wife. I dream that he has been dead—or at least that we have all believed that he was dead—but that it was a mistake. He is alive, our own for long years to came. The wild rapture of that dream wakes me, and I know lam alone. God keep you, Theodore, from such a lou aa mine," " I must gain something before I can lose it," he answered, with a shade of bitterness. 111 see myself as tbe yean go on hardening into a lonely old bachelor, outliving the capa city for human affection." '■ That is nonsense talk, You think so jaat now, perhaps. There us no one beyond your own family you care for, and you fancy your self abut out from tbe light romance of life— but jenr day will come, very suddenly, per haps. You will aee someone whom you can can for, love will enter your life unawares, and will fill your heart aad mind, and the am bition that absorbs you now will seem a Bnrall thicg." "Never, Juanita. I don't mean to plague you with any trouble of mine. You have giveo me your friendship, and I hope to be worthy of it; but pray do not talk to me of the chances of the future. Sly future is bounded by die hope of setting on at the bar. If I fail in that I fail in everything." "You will not fail. There is no reason you should not prosper in your profession as my father prospered^ I often think that yon a.e like him—mere like him than you are like your «vs father." Their talk touched on various subjects after this—on tbe great events of the world, t*ie events that make history —ou books and theatres, and then upon Sarah Newton, whose plan of life interested Juanita. He tcld her of the woman called Marian, ani her enquiries about Cheriton. "I wonder if you ever knew her among your villagers," he said. " I should much like to know who she is. She interests me more than I can eay. There is a refinement in her manners and appearance that convinces me she mutt have belonged to superior people. Sue was never bom in a laborer's cottage, or amidst a small shopkeeper's shabby surround ings. She was never taught at a national school, or broken into domestic service." "And she was once very handsome, you say?" "Yes, she must have been beautiful before her complexion was spoilt and her features drawn by the smallpox. She is only a wreck now. but there is stall some beauty in tbe wreck.' 1 " Bow old do you suppose her to be ?" " Eight or nine and-twenty. It is difficult to guess a woman's age within two or ttree years, and this woman's face is evidently aged by trouble; but I don't think she can be over thirty." " There is only one person Z can think of who would in any manner answer your description," eaid Juanita, thoughtfully, "Who is that?" "Mercy Porter. You must have heard about Mercy Porter, the daughter of the woman of the East lodge." " Yes, yes, I remember. She ran away with a middle-aged mau—au army man—one of your father's visitors." " I was a child at 'the time, and of course I heard very little about it. I only knew that Mercy Porter, who used to come to Lea with my mother, and who played the piano better than my governess, suddenly vanished out of our lives, and that I never saw her again. My mother was quite fond of her, and I remember hearing of her beauty, though I was too young myEelt to know what beauty meant. I could not think any one pretty who wore such plain frocks and euch stout useful boots as Mercy were. Her mother certainly did nothing to set cS her good looks or to instil vanity. Years aftermy mother told mehowthegirldisappeared one summer evening, and how Mrs. Porter came difctracttd to the house, and saw my father, and stormed and raved at him in her agony, faying it was hit friend who had blighted her daughter's youth— kis wish that she had gone to her tuin. He waa very patient and for bearing with her, my mother said, for he pitied her despair, and he felt that he was m eome wise to blame for having brought such an unprincipled man as Colonel Tremaine to Cheriton, a man who had carried ruin into many homes. Mercy had been seen to leave Wareham Station with him by the night mail. He bad a yacht at Weymouth. She wrote to her mother from London a fortnight afterwaids & heart- broken letter — the letter of a poor foolish girl who flings away her good name and her hope of heaven with her eyes open, and knows the cost of her sacrifice, and yet can't help making it. I was engaged to Godfrey when I first heard the details of Mercy'e story and of that letter, and I felt so sorry for her, eo sorry, in the midst of my happy love. What had I done to deserve happiness more than she, that life should be so bright for me and so dark for her. I did not know that my day of agony was to come, " Did you ever hear how Colonel -Tremaine treated her ?"• " No! I believe my father wrote him a very severe letter, and 1 called upon him to repair the wrotg he bad done; but I don't think he even took bo much trouble as to answer that letter. He w*'"^ a rich American widow five years afterwards, so it is only too clear tfcat he must have abandoned that poor un- , bappy girl." ; Theodore, with his wider knowledge of life, did cot thick the whami"""""** inevitables. j Poor Mrs. Porter bore her misfortune very quietly after that one outburst oT despair," pur aued Juanita, "and my mother, who had not liked her before that time, quite took to her afterwards, and they have been good friends ever since. Scarcely a week passes without trotter calling at the lodge." " And has nothing been heard of Mercy in a!l those years V *• Notbing." "I wonder her mother has sat at home quietly all that time instead of making strenu ous efforts to find her lost lamb," said Theo dore. "- Ah, that is almost exactly what Godfrey said of her. He seemed to think her heartless for taking things so quietly. She is a curious woman—self contained and silent. I some tunes fancy she was more angry than grieved at Mercy'e fate. Mother says she turns to ice at tbe slightest mention of toe girl's name. Don't you think love would show itself diffe rently *" '• One can never be sure about other people's Bentiments, Love has many languages.' Their talk drifted to more common-place subjects, asd then Theodore rose to take leave, *' Yon must dine at the priory before your holiday > over, Tnec," eaid hie couaia as they chock fc&Lds;, '' Let n.e see—to-morrow wQI be Ctriftrr-ie !>*>—wid jta ec&e; the day after, &nd; brinptbe meters? Ilia too long a drive for a winter night so yon must stay, there ia plenty of room." "Are you son we shall sot bore your' "lamsure yon-will obeer msi My sister in-law is very good—but Lady Jane is tbe only person in this house of whom I do not get des perately, tired, iaokidiag myself," she added with a sigh. "Please say yon will come, and I will order your roonu, 1' " We wUI some then. Good-Bight, Joanita." (To be continued. ) 