ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. UNAVAILING ASSAULTS. (To the Editor afthc Maitland Mercury.) SIE,-It is not my intention to occupy much of your space, nor much of my Bpare time, which is very limited indeed, in replying to " Australian's" letter which appeared in your issue of the 1st inst., in answer to mine of the previous Saturday. The question at issue between us is, had the so-called Reformers been commissioned by God to effect a reformation in the church ? This I denied, and branded them as self-appointed intruders. I quoted texts of Holy Scripture, couched in terms as plain and forcible as language could express, to prove that Our Blessed Lord, in founding the Church, prom- ised to be with it in all ages, even to the end of the world, and promised, moreover, to send the Holy Ghost to His Apostles, to teach them all truth, and abide with them for ever. I maintained ' that nnd«r these circumstances it waB utterly impos- sible the church cculd fall into error, and that therefore a reformation was neither possible nor necessary, and I called for the proof of the so-called Reformers' Mission. And how does " Australian" prove that they bad a mission ? He refuses to touch the question at all ¡ says that my remarks, laying bare the rottenness of the foundation of Protestantism, are beneath notice ¡ throws his hat in the air and"shouts for the glorious Reformation, and casta Scripture contemptuously aside. Does he imagine that this sort of stuff will pass with au intelligent public in this enlightened age for argu- ment. Another argument he adduces is what he calls the march of Protestantism. The march of Protestantism, indeed ! It is a very stragglesome march, with its multitude of jarring sects ; with its Unitarians at one extreme of the line, and its Mormons at the other extreme. The former denying the divinity of Jesus Christ, and the latter teaching and practising the grossest immoralities, as scriptural truths ; and tho num- bers of intervening sects pretending to draw all their errors, impieties, and blasphemies from tho Word of God. If that is the groundwork of hiR argument, I wish him luck with it. All previous heresies had their day, and threatened, in their time, to carry all before them ; but, like dry stubble on fire, they speedily burned out and dis- appeared s and Protestantisms is going, and will go, the same way-splitting xtp into fragments, some returning again to Catholic unity, and the remain- der gradually drifting from error to error, until they finally land in infidelity. It is not often that Protestants turn their backs i on Scripture in the way " Australian" has done, J They generally try to twist the texts in some way to suit their errors, or look for some obscure texts, to try and contradict them; and when "Australian" does neither, but runs clean away from them, he must have found he had a very bad case indeed, and must have realized the truth of my remark that my position was impregnable. " Australian" takes greatoffence at my describing the characters of the so- called Reformers as licen- tious and immoral ; but let me remind him that my description of them was very mild indeed com- pared to the characters I could draw of them from Protestant writers, and compared to the characters they themselves give each other. It was not my intention to be unnecessarily offensive, or to arouse any angry feelings, or else I could flog him, if I wished. I have the works at hand from which to quote their characters, if he presses me to do so. "Australian" does not like my contention that the so-called Reformers wore nob the characters God would select to effect a reformation in the Church, should such a thing be possible or neces- sary ; and he triumphantly asks, why not ? I answered him already, because they were unfit and unworthy instruments, and human wisdom, much more divine, would fobid the employment of such characters for such a purpose. I ask " Australian," supposing ho has children, would he select a drunkaud or an impure man to bo their teacher and guide in morals, or would he not rather select one whose character was above all reproach ? And would ho expect Almighty God to act with less wisdom in such a selection, and for a much more important office ? "Australian" quoteB from a speech made by Luther before the Diet at Worms, apparently with the object of proving that Luther was virtuous that he was not a slave to his unruly passions, fer he triumphantly exclaims at the finish, " So much for Luther's unruly passions." I really do not know what he must think of the public if he expectB them to swallow such stuff as this. I never said that Luther was nob bold when it suited him to be so ; but what connexion is there between boldness and virtue ? A man may be very bold and very defiant, in defence of his opinions, and yet his pri vate character may be very bad ; indeed we usually find such characters most bold and most hard of reclamation. I will give " Australian" another specimen of Luther's boldness, and ask him if he considers it virtuous. In translating the Scriptures Luther added the word " only" to the text of St. Paul (Rom., cb. iii.) For '* "We accouut a man to be justified by faith" he has " by faith only," and when reproached with this he says "I know well that the word only is not to be found in the text of St. Paul j but if any Papist plague you on the subject, tell him at once that it was the will of Dr. Martin Luther, that it should be added ; and pleaae to say further, that a Papist and "au ass are one and the same thing." " I am sorry," says he, in addition, " That I have not added other words. This word 'only' will remain in my New Testament until all the Papists burst themselves with spite."-Tom. III Edit, de Jena p. p. 141,14d-. Will " Australian" regard bold- ness in wilfully corrupting the Scriptures as an act of virtue, or will he now see that there is a wide distinction between boldness and virtue ? I do not think I need occupy any more of your space. I have no intention to follow him through his history, for it is useless to argue in history with a man who will deny as well attested a fact as the France Prussian war, and one which, in point of fact, is recorded in history side by side with that great event, viz, the persecution of the Church by Bismarck ; and besides, if I granted him all that he contends for in regard to Henry Till, it would not affect the question at issue in the least. I do not think either I need offer any apology for writing to you in defence of the Catholic Church. I thiuk the public will acknowledge that wo have been very patient in suffering the torrents of abuse that have been continually poured out on us from the platform and through the Press lately, and as there was, or seemed to be, no likelihood of its coming to an end, there was no other remedy but to turu on our assailants and show up the instability of the foundation on which their religion rests and show also the immovable rock on which the Catholic Church stands and will stand until the end of time. -Yours, etc., I SENTINEL. August 5, 1889. 