A Terrible Mystery. PART II. T. f Continued'*. Eerrag* was so intense that Heaven only knows fiat sh£ would have done if tie 'Karon had not iust then appeared upon the scene. His unex pected presence seemed to have the same effect upon her as a cold shower bath. ' Ah I' she ex claimed, ' you have come to gloat over your work, have you ?' . He had just come from mating a round or ?visits. He had seen every member of the family,and had brought from each of them a formal consent, ju writing, to Mademoiselle de Lc-speran's mar .;nrra with Commandant Delorsrc * I know.' ? -:;ud t lie baron, ' that what I have done is a little ? jl-remuar; but, if you prefer it, I can summon a I fonuly council in duo form.' I «? TtTis quite unnecessary,' muttered Mdlle. de la I Eotbecordeau ; and, as she dropped on to a ohair, I j^-ijxs --£ rag* rolled down her hollow eheeks. I do 'rout seemed her grief that Elizabeth began ?tore°rrt; her firmness. AH the humiliations which I ^}n; had undergone for twelve long years were ? i-tiiir-ed. Shn only remembered the hospitality ? fie had received. The old lady had the game in I ],er hands at that moment. With one word, with Bono hypocritical caress, she --ould have riveted I rlie f-hVans anew, and have indefinitely retarded ? ih.-- marriage. But as the young' girl, much ? moved, hurried toward her, she angrily ex ? .Iai!n«l -. * Leave me! leave me! You I 1 riumph to-day, but. your joy will not last. God ? punishes ingratitude, and Ht- will punish you ? through your husband. May you ha as miserable ? ::o you deserve to be! As for the little I have to ? JfliVi'' behind me, you may now say fai-ewell to it? I jur not a halfpenny will you over see.' Then, ? iKHiing to the baton, slie continued: 'Elizabeth's I relatives haw, of course, the right to give their Bronspnt. tober marriage, but I do not think they ? i j.?i impose tlie objectionable society of this man ? JVlorgo upon me m my' own house. 1 shall, ? ilierc-iore, bo infinitely obliged if you will point I out to me the speediest i-ossible means of ridding ? iuys=»]lf ? -* this refractory niece of mine.* I The baron i*ol-]ly bowed. ' 1 foresaw this qucs ? iion.'lie said, 'and 1 have made all necessary ? ju-ningements.' I It was, indeed, at Glori ere that the lovers saw Iftirli other during the few -weeks- which now ? i-lapsnd prior to their marriage. What weeks ? ihese- were, and how dear -the memory of them ? proved throughout their lives! How often did ? the roujinandaat live these days over again. He B roiiiPiribcred how fast he- rode after morning ? parade, how he espied a white shadow afar oil' B;;juong the tree's, how, leaping fi-om Ills hor.se, I hr- offtred his arm to Elizabeth, and then how ? lingering] y they walked up the shady avenue to I the house, from the open doors of which came the I j-oimd of a cheery voice exclaiming : ' Make liaste, I Jittle ones. My poor Francois has announced I l.ieakfast three times already/ I It was the baron who spoke, and coming out on I io the steps he cordially shook hands with the I commandant, and led the way to the dining-room, ' I ;; iofiy apartment, surrounded with dressers and I buffets, decked out with specimens of every kind I of fnience nnd porcelain, purchased piece by piece I J.y the indefatigable collector. After their meal I the lovers wandered over the grounds of Gloriere I — a simple home, but embowered among superb I trees, with magnificent mossy rocks and sloping I banks near at hand, and a lovely view of the I river. The b&rou; usiialiy excused himself on the I pretence that he had something to do with his I i-ollection, and the lovers sat in some I shady corner, and talked of the happy I future before them. What had they to fear I now 'i Nothing whatever. Fate smiled upon I them, and they had but little ambition — little care I for worldy honors, fashion, and wealth. Still at I times a cloud settled over Elizabeth's face, and I Herre would say to her tenderly, ' You are think I ing of your aunt ?' I fie was right ; for it was not without bitter I iears that Elizabeth de Lesp'eran had bidden the I dreary house at Vendoiae. where she had been so I unhappy, good-bye ; and she. felt a certain vague I and unreasoning self- reproach, for having left it. ? Eor aimt's last words were by no ineans cheerful I ones — ' May you . be as miserable as you deserve ? to be,' and they haunted her like a terrible dream, ? :isd awakened, a vague. apprehension,-. which .was I like a spot on her sun — a shadow on her bappi ? Jiess. 'What wouldn't I give/ she said to Pierre, I ' if my aunt would only be reconciled to us and I come to our wedding.' I ' Up fortunately, my love,* urged tne coni I mandant, ' she lias prevented us from holding out ? the olive branch by accusing us of manoeuvring1 I for her forruce. Believe me, we have nothing1 to I do but forget, her, as, on her side, she has probably I forgotten us fro now/ | But in this idea he 'was mistaken, for the old I lady was busy thinking of her niece, and if she I gave no sign of life, it was mere^ because she I had not yet iost all hope of revenge. She had I ascertauied^hat a. clause of the army regulations I forbids an -'officer to marry unless his bride I brings him a marriage portion of twenty I thousand franes. * Sow/ said Mademoiselle I de la Boehecordeau to herself, ' wliere can these I two lovers pick up twenty thousand francs ? I Elizabeth hasn't a sou, and the commandant has I Jneroly six thousand francs, which will not more I than suffice for the trousseau, the corbeille, and I the wedding/ I However, the old maid was again mistaken. I Delorge was not the man to start on an enterprise I ?without foreseeing all its consequences, and, I knowing Elizabeth's poverty, he had taken all I needful precautions. His father, after fifty years I of hard toil, had acquired a small estate near I l'oitiers, which, he let for four hundred crowns a I year, and Trhieh was valued at sixty thousand I francs. Accordingly, Pierre wrote thus frankly I to his father : ' I love a young girl who is an. I orphan, and poor.- The only obstacle to I our marriage, is that she does not pos ? fcs3 the dowry which is required of an I officer's wif e — twenty thousand francs. Are you I billing to give her the title deeds of your estate ? I You will understand that it is a mere formality, I and will in no way diminish, your income from I Less Moulineatix/ I To this application the old cabinetmaker at once I replied : * Why do you ask me the question ? Les I Moiilineaux belongs to you quite as much as to I me, and you are at liberty to do precisely as you I choose with it. You know that I am very -well I off, for every year I save more than a third of my I income. Embrace your bride for me, and tell her I th^t I shall sendsher a pair of diamond earrings | worthy of the 'wife of an officer of your posi I tion.' I And so thus the marriage of Pierre Delorge and I Elizabeth de Lesperan was solemnised one sunny I day in May, 1840. The previous evening Made I moiselle de la Boehecordeau had taken to her [bed.. . . I ' I have lost all hope/ she said to '^one of her I friends. ' I know Elizabeth. Her husband will I beat her, and she will be wretchedly unhappy/ I Poor old maid ! She was again mistaken, for the I commandant did not beat his wife. From the day I of their marriage they enjoyed.in all its fulness I the intense happiness they had dreamed of under I the trees at La Gloriere. Outside annoyances con I nected with Delorge's profession had lost their I power to vex \nm for any length of time;' and I ivhen, contrary to his expectations and the rules I of the service, his regiment was changed twice in I one year^ from garrison to garrison, his wife on I lier side gaily exclaimed : * It doesn't matter so I 2ong as we can be together/ And at other times I she would smile and sigh, as she murmured: '1 I am glad of those worries, for we are so happy I that I am sometimes absolutely frightened.' I _ And this was true enough ; for Madame Delorge ?fras haunted by vague apprehensions, particularly during the earlier months of her married life. In vain did her husband laugh at her. She bad suffered too much as Elizabeth de Lesperan to be quickly reassured by the happiness she enjoyed as Pierre's wife. Often, when she was alone, she compared her past with her present, and at the memory of ? certain privations she had endured and tho humiliations which had been, inflicted upon her, the tears rushed to her eyes, and she sobbed bitterly. One day her husband abruptly entered the room, and was dismayed at the pitiful night. * What is the matter?' he cried. But the sight of him— his very voice — at once brought back her smiles again, and, throwing her arms round his neck, she answered: 'Nothing, dear. I am foolish and very happy/ By degrees, as she realised that the past was Udeed the past, her nerves relaxed, and she grew calm and content. As a woman slie kept all the ' promises of her girlhood, and 'was generally^ beloved, even in the regiment, where not a voice' was raised 'in criticism of her conduct. This was singular and unusual, . inasmuch as a regi ment, is simply a perambulating village, with a flagstaff instead of a steeple, full of gossip and curiosity, and dragging with its baggage through France all the petty feminine jealousies and spites which, taken up * by husbands and brothers, become good solid hates. The happiness of the commandant and his wife 'became complete when God sent them a son, whom they named after the good friend they had not forgotten, the Baron de CHoriere. He consented to leave his treasures and inspect the new arrival, and was rewarded for his compliance by discovering quite a mine of curiosities sit Pontivy, where the regi ment was stationed at the time of the boy's birth. The baron brought some, news of Mademoiselle de la Boehecordean, who was daily becoming more and more a devotee, and changed her ser vant twice a week, for her increasing religious fervour did not at all seem to have improved her temper, though, on the other hand, her health had never been better. * You will see/ said the baron, ' she will end by burying us all/ The old gentleman went home again with evi dent reluctance, and made the ooniinandant and his wife swear that they would come every sum mer and spend at least a fortnight with him at Gloricrc. ' If you do not come for your own sake,,or for mine,' he said, ' come at least for my godson's health — he'll grow up like grass in the country air ? '' On the night of their old friend's depai-ture, the Delorges seemed to find their house very empty. How much more so would it have haen the case had they known it was the last time they should ever see him ! And yet it was so, for only two months later, while standing on some steps dusting a picture he overbalanced himself and fell to the ground. When Francois, his faithful valet, reached him, he had ceased to breathe. * It is an avenging Providence/ sighed Mademoiselle de la ltochecordeau, piously, on hearing of the baron's sudden death. ' God grant peace to his soul ! There's one rascal less in the world/ This rascal, as it happened, left a will which appointed Madame Pierre Delorge, nee Elizabeth de Lesperan, his sole legatee, and with it there was a letter addressed to the commandant and his wife. 'My mind will be. at rest, my dear children/ wrote the baron, * when I have arranged all my worldly affairs. I am growing old, and no one knows what may happen at any time. My sight and my judgment, are alike weakened, for I actually bought a wretched copy the other day for a genuine Breughel de Velours. As I love you better than aught else in the world, I bequeath to you all I possess. First, my little income from well invested funds — 3200 francs. My Chateau de Gloriere, as it stands and with all it contains. Do not thank me for it. I know that you will always prize the spot where under the old elms you two learned to love each, other. You would never allow Gloriere to pass into strangers' hands. If it entered the market, I am sure that fat old silk mercer in the Rue de 1'Hopital would buy it, and then his giggling daughter would drive away my ghost. My collections are very dear to me. They have been the charm and occupation of my life, and yet. I wish to sell them. The wandering life you lead would prevent you from having them with you; and if they were left at the chateau under the care of Francois — faithful as he is — they would come to grief. I have, how evei*, selected and numbered — as yon will see in my will — some sixty pieces, the most valu able in my collection — pictures and bronzes — ?which I beg you to retain. They will, of course, be cumbersome in moving from' place to place, but they will impart a home-like, cultivated look to the apartments you may occupy. As for the rest, sell them with as little delay as possible, and if you honor my memory, at the highest possible price. No one must ever say that my collection was a two-and-sixpenny affair. If you take my advice you will have the sale at Tours, where my collection is already known, and where at least twenty amateurs reside. Have the sale bills well posted at Blois, Orleans, and Le Mans, and spare no expense in newspaper advertising. LJ this all I have to say? Yes. Then, dear children, farewell. Talk to little E-aymond sometimes of your old and most affectionate friend, — Raxmostd j-'Aeces, Baron de Gloriere. P.S. I wish that my faithful ser vant Francois may spend the rest of his days at Gloriere, with an annuity of four hundred francs.' Commandant Delorge's eyes were full of tears when 'he finished reading this feeling letter. ' This is the first sorrow we have known since our marriage/ he said to his sobbing wife, who was leaning over lus shoulder. 'And it is a great one, for such a friend can never be replaced/ After considerable perplexity and a long con sultation, the commandant applied for a fort night's leave, and started for Vendome to carry out the baron's wishes. Brief as the interval was, he found that the baron was nearly forgotten. But people woke up once more when one morning they found the walls covered with huge placards, on which appeared the following announcement in huge letters : — ' Great auction sale of antique furniture — valuable pictures, engravings, bronzes, faiences, tapestries, arms and books, comprising the collection of the late Baron de Gloriere,' The mere idea of this sale, which was announced to take place at the end of the month at Tours, made all the people, of Vendome laugh aloud. * So it seems, then/ said one of them, ' that this eccen tric old man's heirs seriously believe that he amassed some valuable things at Gloriere 3' And others, shaking their heads, answered, 'They will find themselves much mistaken, then, for the things won't fetch 1000 crowns. But they ought to have been sold here. The expense of adver tising and iemoval will be enormous, and absorb all the proceeds !' In the meantime, all the objects appointed by the baron had been carefully put aside, with at least 100 more, selected from among the tapes tries, pictures, and; weapons. The remainder on being offered for sale cleared 123,500 francs.. * And observe, commandant/ said the expert who had come down from Paris, 'observe that you have taken out the cream of the collec tion. The things you retain are worth mere than all those we have sold. I am myself ready to give you this moment 30,000 francs for four of your pictures at my choice/ The commandant felt sincerely grateful to the good old man who, after insuring the happiness of Ms life, had also endowed him. with that blessed sense of security for the future. * If I die on the field of battle now/ he said to himself, ' or by an accident, my last moments will not be embittered by the thought that I leave my wife and child without bread/ Thus it was with pious tenderness that Madame Delorge and her husband hung up the pictures and arranged the bronzes and china bequeathed to them by their old friend. Their furnished rooms at Pontivy at once became not only home Ifke, but, as one of the officers said, they acquired by the magnificence of these art treasures almost a regal aspect. However, in spite of the generally credited report, that Madame -Delorge had in herited the fortune of a millionaire uncle, the household went on in the same way — and a very modest way it was; for two servants were all they kept, with occasional assistance from the commandant's orderly, an old Alsatian named Krauss, who had been with his' master for four and twenty years, and proudly boasted that in all that time he had not been away from him during four and twenty hours. He was now quite as devoted to Madame Delorge as to her husband, and had constituted himself Baymond's guardian, watching over him -with a mother's attention, a lover's jealousy, and the faithful submission of a hound. However, this did not quite please the commandant. * It will never do/ he said at times. ' Krauss will ruin our boy, and make him insup portably selfish/ The boy was 'a year old when his father was made a lieutenant-colonel, for those were the -days when wealth was a claim to advancement; and Lieutenant-Colonel Delorge, who was said to enjoy an income of 20,000 livres, was soon promoted to a full colonelcy,' and ordered to assume command of a regiment at Oran, in Algeria. This order marred the pleasure with . which .he received the congratulations of his friends. Should he take his wife and child with him, and expose them to the fatigues of such a voyage, and then to the perils of such a climate ? Bnt at the first wprd of objection he littered, Madame Delorge checked him. * I knew what I was doing when' I married you,' she quietly said. 'I am a soldier's wife. Wherever lay husband goes, I go too '!* ^TO.BE-CONTnnJED.) - 