THE FAIRY AND THE OGREj A LEGEND OF A PAJHTOM1MB. OH ! list ye to a rueful rhyme— A tale of Christmas pantomime, Of how a fairy in the ballet, Whose ordinary name was Sally, Beheld with passion most intense And love beyond control of sense A horrid demon of the sea, With scaleB and bristles cap-a'-pie. She was as fair as poets' dreams; -Her hair divided fell in streams— Fell simmering and shining down, None brighter could be bought in town. Her eyes w«-re of the deepest blue, Intense, a nice cerulean hue ; And with each long and curling lash She yarded in a fainting mash. And, Oh, her dancing, 'ike a sprite, Filled all the masbers with delight. She kicked so high and with such zeal She had the house beneath her heel Full half the night, and men whose hair Was, like their wits, no longer there, And dapper dudes came up in pairs, And madly wished that she were theirs. But oh 1 she loved the Ogre grim, And cast her softest smiles on him. Alack ! he played a demon's part, And trampled on the fairy's heart. As ugly as the powers of sin, With ears turned out, and toes turned in, And horrid fangs, and eyes of fire, Was that same Ogre, Blunderbire. But she cared not for looks alone, She thought his manners did atone. That beauty at the best was cheap, And ugliness was but skin-deep. And he with vows as false as fond, Swore in a straight betrothal bond, On stipulated date and day, To be united to the fay. The fairy's heart was gay and glad, No cause for pain or grief she had, Excepting, p'raps, the Ogre's winks Directed at a forward minx. Who, clad in garments, rather few, Appeared as Queen of a pigmy crew, But all these fears she lost when prest, Against the demon's scaly breast. And Blunderbire's guttural tones, Like dirges blown through dead men's bone Assured her that his love was t ue As that of any friend she knew. The truth dawned on the fay in time, Towards the close of pantomime, For tho' that Ogre bad had said That in a while they would be wed, The time flew by, and yet the fay Had not been decked in bride's array, Nor seen the furniture and things That Hymen generally brings. Her spirits, too, grew rather glum, For oft the Ogre, full of rum, Went slyly off behind the scene To spoon that minx, the Pigmy Queen. One night the fay by chance did fall Upon a scene so fraught with gall— It filled her soul with wild despair, And broke her heart right-then and there. The Ogre sitting like a lord Well gorged behind a groaning board" Amid the wreckage of a spree — The Queen perched gaily on his knee. The pigmy and the fiend foresworn They jeered and jibed the fay to scorn, And then she knew, her money lent On wine and wassail had been spent. Forthwith the fay, with boiling brain, Rushed wildly on the fickle twain ; She dashed them down among the grub, And brained them with the horse-hair club. She clove them then from brow to chin With sword of bounding harlequin ; To brand them both from foot to crown She used the poker of the clown. She bruised them both with paper buns, And shot them through with wooden guns ; Then turned with madness in her eyes, And climbed high up amid the flies. Below the raging billows boiled, Alas ! the fairy was not foiled ; No ready hand was nigh to save, She plunged into the painted wave. So died the fairy dancer, Sally, Who was the daisy of the ballet. The ending of the ill-used dear, You will admit, was fairy queer. And now that house at midnight hour Is taken o'er by spectral power ; And in the glare of limelights green Three ghosts enact that fearful scene A fay carves up an ogre grim, With sword of wood, and limb from limb, Bisects in haste a pigmy Queen, Then drownB herself in an ocean scene. 