TURF GOSSIP. Br Adodb. On Wednesday next the Bendigo Jockey Clnb meeting will commence, and as Mr. Bond has framed flattering handicaps, there in litalv to be some close and interesting sport. Sandhurst is seen at its best this time1 of the year, miles and miles of trees were] planted in the . city years ago, and the in habitants now see the great benefit they have derived from the thonghtfulness of the pioneers of old Bendigo. There are several smart horses engaged in the Telegraph Stakes, bat nothing approaching first-class, and I shall place LADY ROSEBERY 1 CHRISTOPHER 2 CULORIS or CESAREAN ... 3 A very poor lot is engaged in the Hurdle Race, for which Teddington and Matron have been awarded top weights, and which ever Mr. Fountain Btarts ought to nearly, if not quite, win. Bachelor seems to be the best of the others, and perhaps I shall not be far out if I go for TEDDINGTON or MARRON, with Baciielou as their most dangerous opponent. With nothing first-class in the Sandhurst, Cup, Mr. Bond was compelled^commence with Merriment at 8st. 7ib., and it he were to start he would be one of the most difficult to beat, but bis owner may prefer to reserve him for something else. Tourbillon last year carried 7st. 121b. and won the Sandhurst Cup by a neck. Now she is handicapped only 71b. higher, and if she is in anything like form site ought to nearly win. Montalto has not done much this season, and until I see ber show something of her old form I shall not select her, Micawber is a horse for whom 1 entertain considerable respect, and if Bolger has him in anything like his best form he wilt be very formidable at the finish. Of the others, nothing looks so well in as Jasper, Maelstrom, and Grandee, and perhaps the judge will place them in something like the following order:— MAELSTROM or TOURBILLON 1 JASPER 2 MICAWBER or GRANDEE ... 3 The other events may result something like this:— ladies' bracelet. TEMPEST 1 GRANDEE 2 JASPER 3 BENDIGO HANDICAP. TOURBILLON 1 MAELSTROM 2 JASPER 3 STEEPLECHASE. WILD DOG 1 MAHDI 2 BUSTLER 3 WILSON PLATE. TEMPEST 1 JASPER 2 GRANDEE 3 EPSOH HANDICAP. CESAREAN 1 LADY ROSEBERY 2 CHRISTOPHER 3 With this week's number of The Austra lasian subscribers will receive a picture of the finish for the Melbourne Cup. It is drawn from an instantaneous photograph by Messrs. Baker and Farquhar, which is the best I have ever seen. The photograph was taken when the horses were abont 20 yards from the post, and, as the apparatus can't lie, those who are sceptical respecting Bravo's victory being an easy one have only to cast their eyes npon the picture and they will be satisfied that the son of Grand Flanenr had the race well in hand, for An win is depicted as having a nice hold ot Bravo, and the jockey is looking at O'Brien, who is hard at work npon the gal lant Carbine, generously answering every call made upon him. Then there is Melos coming fast on the outside, with Prince Con sort next the rails, and Pakeha just between the^pair, nnd almost obscured from view, but in the few last strides Pakeha jnst headed Prince Consort, and finished fourth. Two or three lengths away is Chicago, who had shown a bold front np to the distance, and there U a gap between him and Cardigan, who appears to be going as well as anything except, per haps, the winner. Antaeus, Singapore, Richelieu, and Menotti are the next four pretty well bunched, then Rudolph, with Benzon next the rails, and Chetwynd out side. At this point Oakleigh is nearly in the middle of the coarse, and it is quite evident that Campbell is not persevering with bim, for the horse is sticking his toes in the ground, and coming home at his leisure. Carrington, Tinlander, Knight ot the Garter, and Blnenose, are all cloBe to gether, and thus all the competitors are accounted for. As a record of the Melbourne Cup this picture is well worth framing, and we hope the V.R.C. will make arrangements to have ell great races photographed in the same admirable manner. Such a picture would prove of incalculable assistance to the handicapper. The Victorian Club was nnfortnnate in having a wet day tor its annual race meeting, and in consequence the attendance was not nearly so large as it would have been had the weather been fine. As the rain came down pretty heavily abont noon and then tem porarily ceased, the stewards determined to postpone the opening race for half an hour, and this gave everybody a chance of seeiug the first race. It doesn't matter how much it rains at Caulfield, the turf is always in good order, and on Saturday the going was perfect. Bosh, who has proved himself a very successful hurdleracer, might have landed the first event had not Wilkinson made so much use of him. Willie hung towards him after they lauded over the last hurdle, but not enough to interfere with the result, and the stewards were quite justified in refusing to disturb the judge s verdict. It mUBt be borne in mind that the rule which governs interference in steeplechasing or hurdle • racing is different to that which applies to flat racing. In jumping races it must be proved to the satisfaction of the stewards that a jockey by deliberate foul riding intended to knock down a horse, or in any determined way tried to jeopardise the chance of an opponent It is therefore mach more difficult a question to determine than an interference in a fiat race, wherein a horse is liable to disqualification, whether the in terference be intentional or not It wsb con sidered something of a "reversal of form" for Miss Albans to run away with the Two-year old Handicap as she did, bat she got the beBt of an indifferent start, and nothing else bad a chance with her, and I would remind those who found fault with her change of form that Bhe ran close np in the V.C.C. Nursery Handicap won by The Spot. Shade, who is very small, is a smart filly, hot Bhe had no show with Miss Albans, who is a rare-bred one, she being by St Albans from Hatasou, by King Cole from Fron Frou, by Macaroni, and at the sale of the St Albans yearlings she was pnrcbased by Mr. William Lang for 185 guineas, and when her racing career iB over she will be worth double the money as a brood mare. In her granddam, Fron Fron, Mr. J. V. Smith possesses one of the most valuable stud matrons in Australia. In the Victorian Club Handicap dead heat most people thought that Tarcoola ought to have won, and Mick O'Brien was engaged to ride the colt in the run-off; bnt he did not do so well as Mr. Redfeam's little son, for Tarcoola did not seem to ran kindly in O'Brien's hands, and a wide detour at the tarn lost him the race; tor Power, who waited with The Promised Land, took ad vantage of the opening, shot up on the in Bide, and won by half a head, which wonld certainly have been the other way had not Tarcoola ran oat on entering the home stretch. It was hard lines for Mr. Agnew ta sell The Promised Land a few days before the race, bat he did not seem satisfied witb the manner in which Chaldean had beec handicapped, and in a fit of anger he dis Soaed of his horses to Mr. R. G. Talbot. Lr. Agnew, it is clear, had not much grounds for eomplaint in The Pro mised Land's esse; as a matter of fact he did not find fault with his handicapping, for he had run pretty consistently into a place, and under Mr. Vowles'a handicapping had won, and might have won at Oakleigh park had Ivemy not been asleep, and the re sult of the Victorian Club Handicap proved that Mr. Barnard had gauged his merits cor rectly. The handicapper was heartily com plimented apon the success he had achieved, and well deserved all the encomiums bestowed upon him. It was a bit of luck for Mr. Talbot to get his money back the first time of asking, though he only backed the colt to win a couple of hundred pounds. The Promised Land is only a little fellow, but he is one of the truest-shaped racehorses in training, and one of the gamest. He is a son of the Mel bourne Cup winner The Assyrian and Old Love, who runs back to Fairy, imported to Tasmania over 50 years ago. His victory was in a great measure due to Power, who, by a fine piece of riding, made the dead heat in the first instance, and then wisely waited on Tarcoola until he swung out at the turn, finishing with all that vigour and dash which has characterised him for some years. Chintz ran well, but I fancy some of the others were not anxious to get home early. Mahdi proved what a game old sticker he is by winning the Steeplechase rather easily. I cannot understand what was the matter with Eaglet, who never shaped so badly. He never seemed able to go the pace, and when Martin Burke tried to bustle him along he refused persistently at the first fence round the turn. Wild Dog, notwithstanding that be had 12st. 91b. to carry, ran a real good horse, and had not his rider, Barbour, gone the wrong course, he would probably have made a great fight with Mahdi. How the friends of Voltaire could make him favourite is a mystery to me. He was very sore, and never seemed able to go the pace. It was a fortunate thing that Cazotte won the Selling Race, for neither of the others would have realised anything like the £200 paid for Mr. Sampson's mare. Prattler may be added to the "reversal of form" brigade since he ran so badly at Epsom. He shapes much better in Power's hands than in those of a stable- boy, and on Saturday he won with such ridiculous ease that he must have improved something like 3sL since he made that exhibition of himself which cansed so much comment at Epsom. Perhaps it would be advisable to let Power have the mount whenever he starts. Cooyal, who shaped better than he did at Mentone, hadn't the ghost of a show with him; in fact, it was a "one-horse race," and the result fully justified the backers taking the short odds they did about the son of Larpent. There were two or three behind him who were evidently out for an airing. It is said that the ranger on Sunday morning tonnd several teeth on the track, nut the rumour is discredited. I don't know why it should be. On Thursday next, at Wangaratta, Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. will submit to auction the whole of the Laceby stud, and breeders in search of well-bred mares or good sires should not lose this opportunity of securing some of its occupants. Anxious to have a look at the stud before its dispersal, I one day last week renewed acquaintance with Wangaratta. Years ago this town was a great centre ol sport in the north-east, and when I used to pay my annual visit I saw many exciting Bcenes at the hostelries known as Kett's, Murdoch's, Powell's (now Maloney's), kc, Wangaratta was a live town then, but though it mar not be so fast now, it is much prettier, for the trees have grown up and im proved the town so much that I hardly re cognised it. The Laceby stud is situated some six or seven miles from the town, and as Mr. Griffiths had an honest old trapper in front of him, we were not long in reaching the homestead. When I visited Laceby in the time of Mr. Hector Norman Simson, the dwelling-house was small and old fashioned, but since Mr. Griffiths came into possession he has razed the old place to the ground, and built on the site a villa of the modern kind. During the years I have travelled through the North- eastern district I have never seen it so richly clothed with grass, and in the memory of the oldest in habitant I question if there ever has been such a season. Soon after arrival the stal lions were led forth tor inspection, and the first of them was Euclid, ahorse who Bhould be an acquisition to any stud. First of all, his breeding is of the very best, for he is by Panic from the imported mare The Proposi tion ; secondly, he was a good racehorse, and won the Adelaide Gup against a good field of opponents; and thirdly, he is a horse pos sessing size aud substance—qualities which he is likely to transmit to bis stock. The son of Panic was looking very healthy and well at the time of my visit, and so was old King Tom, considering that_ he is over 20 years of age. King Tom has sired many good performers, including Meruder, Stndley, Leo, Wymlet, Iris, Elfrida, kc., and those who visit Wangaratta next Thursday will have an opportunity of securing several of his stock, which should more than pay their way on the turf. The handsomest of the three stallions is Warlock, a most symmetrically-shaped son of Kelpie, who proved himself a first-class race horse by beating such animals as Chester, Bosworth, Cap-a pie, kc., aud with certain mares he should be valuable in any up country stud. A twc-year-ola brother to The Acorn, who was led ont after the Bires, should be worth a trial upon the racecourse, and anvbody in want ol a steeplechaser could hardly do better than secure the one who followed him, a four-year-old gelding by King Tom from Redlight's dam. Another of the 8&me; description came next in a four • year - old gelding by Dawn of Day from a Camden mare. I liked very well, too, a three-year-old filly by King Tom from Iela, and a three-year-old filly by King Tom from Oakleaf. In a paddock close by were several good-looking geldings and fillies, one of the number being a chest nut filly by Newminster from Pandora, the dam of Mernder and Redleap. This filly onght to be worth something as a flat-racer, lor everything by NewminBter can gallop. A two- year-old filly by Warlock from Gascony reminded me a great deal of Gasworks, who won the Australian Cap in Mr. James Wilson's colours. A three-year-old gelding by King Tom from Jezebel also created a favourable impression, and there were many others who only require to get into good hands to make a name for themselves on the turf. After luncheon a short drive brought us to the mares, who were evidently in the best of health, all of them being in good condi tion, as were their foale also. A reference to the catalogue will show that many of these mares descend from famouB families, and are fit to tat: «n any stud. Foi instance, Azemia is a good-looking daughter Df Oliver Twist and Azimuth, the dam ot ] Boz, Cinaron, and Chinta Now, it there is - one line of policy which is likely to lead to gnccessfol results in breeding thoroughbreds it is to stick religiously to running families. There can be no two opinions respecting this, and the studmasters who attend the sale should not lose eight of this fact A very handsome mare is Land League, by Gang Forward Irom Irish Queen, the dam of that wonderful flyer Sedition; and as Land League is full sister to Gladstone, Home Rule, and Anarchy, we have in her another member of a successful running family. Then there are several mares closely related to Boolka, a good racehorse in any com pany. One is Speech, by King Tom from Reticence, by Mute from Bridget, the dam of Boolka. Another is Theela, by King Tom irom Bridget, and this is a mare that I hope to Bee go into a good stud. Then there is Edith, by Camden from Bridget; Memory, by Patriarch from The Doe, by Panic from Flying Doe, I thought a very fine mare, and Little Louie, BeBsie Clifden, and other descendants of that good mare Lady Clifden struck me as being well worth the attention of studmasters. Those who are in Bearch of that grand old line ot blood which gave us Fireworks, and through bim Goldsbrough, &c.;, should not lose sight of Dazzle, a very nice mare by Proto-Martyr from Gas, by Tim Whifller from Gasworks (dam of Gaslight), for she belongs to a most celebrated family, and bear in mind Hrpatia, the dam of Boz, Chintz, and Cinaron, is by Proto-Martyr. Another promising descendant of Proto-Martyr is Ocean Spray, by Herschel from Crest ot the Wave, by Proto-Martyr from Turn o* the Tide, byStockhnm. Symbol, by Hercules from Vision, should be worth something for her blood, and a mare that took my fancy was Faith, who had a very nice chestnut colt by Hesperian at her side My Star, by Herschel from Champagne, by Fire works from Sour Grapes, can boast of a most aristocratic pedigree, and her chestnut filly foal by Warlock iB a credit to her sire. Tell tale, by Gainsborough from Spoilt Child, is a mare that should do well in any stud, and as the dam ot Mernder and Red leap, Pandora is entitled to the respect of all studmasters. She is by grand old Panic from Flying Doe, who was a good mare herself. Maid of Avenel wears wonderfully well, and there are other mates in the cata logue whose breeding cannot be excelled. Most of them have foals at foot by King Tom or Warlock, and there are about 50 geldings ind fillies by King Tom and Warlock, nearly ill from thoroughbred mares. The Bale will commence on Thursday at one o'clock, and intending purchasers can leave by the pre vious evening's express and stop in Wan garatta on Wednesday night, or they can leave Melbourne by the first train on Thurs day morning and reach Wangaratta nearly an hour before the commencement of the sale. In my younger days, when Bell's Life in London was the great sporting authority of the world, there was no writer wboBe contri butions I read with so much pleasure an those of " Beacon." He was then, as he is now, the most learned amongst the breeding students of the old country. His latest work, The Horscbreeders' Handbook, is without doubt the most complete of its kind that has Ever been written. While Mr. R. G. Talbot was in England, the author—who, I may here remark, is Mr. Joseph Osborne—presented him with a copy for me, and I Bhall ever re gard it as the moBt valuable volume in my sporting library. The introduction is devoted to a concisely-written history of the breeding of the English thoroughbred, and then he enters into a dissertation upon the various lines of blood which have made the English thoroughbred so famous throughout the world. Mr. Osborne handles his subject with all the skill of a master, and his numerous tabulated pedigrees, which run right back to the fountain-heads, will be perused with pleasure by all who take an in terest in the breeding of the thoroughbred. Referring to the racehorse in England at the present time he says :—" My own view is that the English thoroughbred has palpably de generated in stamina from several distinct sauses. Prominent among these (indepen dently of the haphazard manner they are now ared) is that which has had direct effect upon their action and upon their lungs—viz., the sndue increase of' sprint' racing, and the ityle of training for it. The ' jumping- off' tactics, which have come to be considered as in important item in the training curriculum of a two year old, have, in my belief, had a disastrous effect upon the action of our modern racehorses. The object is, of course, to set them off from the very flag-tall with a bound and a rattle—but what is the result ? . . . Another cause of the decline in stoutness and hardihood I take to be the artificial manner in which the youngsters are often prepared for the sale ring, so that they may look well rather than fce well, many overlooking that, by the adop tion of a different method of rearing, they might with advantage achieve both ends. The paddock is the foal's proper ground of preparation for the exacting demands which have so soon to be made upon him, and if he be * stall-fed * up to the eye, and denied the exercise of bis natural instincts, he will assuredly suffer from it in the hour of trial The possession of roomy paddocks should be the first consideration with the owner of a breeding stud They should include, if possible, long gradients and good herbage, where the yonngster may run and gambol to his heart's content, and get hardy, as distinguished from the too Bleek gentility which would now appear the best way to big pocketB round the sale ring." Then, referring to the loss of substance in the English thoroughbred,he says:—"The tendency to lose bone as they gain in general refinement which becomes more conspicuous1 among the rank and file of our own thorough- ■ bred, might best be averted by a reintro- j cluction of our old blood in new channels, irom a land whose richness in herbage is so1 calculated to provide the lacking quality. My own observation tends to the conclusion that the finest bone comes as a rule from the. best grass, wtiicb it iB well known is raised on a limestone substratum, alter which that of the ted Bandstone has been reckoned the beat But,* though much of our own rich grass lands (particularly in Ireland) fur nish good bone-making material, they can Bcarcely compare in this particular with the wide plains of,.herbage in California and elsewhere in Americans well as in Australia, whose resources have been so little drawn ppon." Of course Waxy iB "Beacon's" idol, and bis celebrated descendant Barcal dine is one of the horses which he adores and he describes him as being upwards of 16 hands in height, 7ft. din. round the girth Bfin. below the knee, haB good open feet, andl is altogether as near perfection as horse can be. Barcaldine has no less than 12 strains of Waxy in his pedigree, mo3t of it through Whalebone. In addition to the extended pedigreeB of the great sires ot the present day, the work contains extended pedigrees of Matchem, Trompator, Soothsayer, and other horses who flourished over 100 years ago. Altogether, The Hortebreedcrg' Handbook is the beBt work ever published for the inform ation of breeders who wish to trace the de scent of their thoroughbreds, and no stud* master who can read the English language Bhould be without a copy of it Mr. Scarr has published the weights for the A. J.C. Summer Cup, and has apparently suc ceeded in providing a capital handicap. Melos, after his running in Melbourne, was entitled to the premier position, though pro bably Mr. Gannon will entrust the honour of his stable to something else, as Melos is en gaged in the Champion Stakes, for which he should have an outside chance. Arsenal does not read badly at 9st. 71b., nor Manton at 9st Sib., and Cardigan at 9st. ought to be dangerous. Ben Bolt has not yet returned to hiB old form, and there is some doubt as to whether he ever will. Anticus has no more than his proper portion in 8sfc 8)b,, for he won the Spring Handicap like a racehorse, and doubtless is capable of getting to the end of a mile and a half. Nor does Rudolph read badly at Sat. 61b., and I like Wycombe at the same weight. I have seen the day that Tom Brown would have been considered a real good thing at 8st 41b., and Ellerdale, who ran well at Randwick, is nicely handi capped at Sat. 21b. Then further down Dun keld at 7et. 121b. seems to me to have a good show, and Retort at 7sb Sib. ought to run forward; but of all the horses engaged that which strikes me as being best-treated is Lava, who had a spell at Kirkham for some time, and was in no condition when she ran at the last Randwick meeting. Lamond at 7sb 41 b. is another fancy of mine, but I know not whether he has regained that brilliant form which he displayed as a three year old. Marie has for some time been spoken of as a good mare, and Vespasia and Sorella have both shown fair form, so that their owners can have no reason to grumble at the weights allotted them. Papua at Cat 121b. looks re markably well upon paper, and away down among the lighter weights I see nothing better treated than Mantilla. Little Bernie, Bonnie Spec, Colenso, Ringdove, Southerly Buster, and DrumBtick, but as the race doeB nottake place until the 26th December, there is plenty of time for one to thoroughly digeBt the handicap and make a final selection a month hence. Tattereall's Cup handicap is iramed in Mr. Scarr's best style. Melos and Arsenal are handicapped at even weights, which is about the correct thing, and Manton at 51b. lees would be well in if he could stand a prepara tion. Lower down, the first three that strike me as dangerous ate Wycombe, Tom Brown, and Ellerdale, who may provide the winner amongst them. Dunkeld, First Flaneur, Lava, Lamond, Papua, and Bonny Spec also look well in. There are many below these, but how many of them can get to the end of a fast-run race of two miles ? In the Carring ton Stakes I don't see anything better in than Consequence, Correae, and Colenso, and if the two-year-old is fresh and well on the day, he will take a lot of catching. We did not see him at anything like hiB brat at Fleming ton. On Tuesday next Mr. Cox will hold a mixed meeting at Moonee Valley, and as nine events are in the programme, visitors to this pleasant little resort will have quite enough | fun for their money. In order to give the, lovers of horse-racing a chance of transacting j their bnsiness in town, Mr. Cox has very wisely determined to oommence with the j pony races, and the four of them will he! over before the horses are asked to enter the arena. Very good entries have been received for most of the events, and given a fine day, pleasure-seekers will be able to enjoy a good afternoon's sport. For the Maiden Plate I fancy Spinaway, Gay Monarch, and Calm; Ballarat or Oculist ought to win the Selling Hurdle Race: Olive, Cooy&l;, or Britomarte the Janefield Handicap; Cazotte, Marque, or Tempest the Selling Race; and Iris, Nerissa, or Moss RoBe the November Handicap. The Champion Stakes, to be run at the V.RC. Autumn Meeting, is likely to prove a more than usually interesting race. All going well Abercorn, Carbine, and Melos will be found amongstthe elder division competing for the chamfonsbip ; and it is quite p oa rs el sible that w/"Bhall also see the New £ea-i lander Maxim once more upon a Victorian racecourse. Mantou is already here, and if he stands a preparation Mr. Woolcott will surely have a cut in with this fine eon of Mnsket. These are the old horses that may be ex pected to put in an appearance, and if they alone were to start the race wonld prove of great interest) throughout Australia; but there are the three year olds also to be dealt with, and they include Dreadnought, Richelieu,_ Singapore, Rudolph, sinecurej e Consort, and Merrie Eng Antaaus, Prince „ . [and, who, by the by, is reported to have gone wrong, so that Mr. Brodiibb did not miss ] much, perhaps, after alL Many of the winners at the late V.R.C. Spring Meeting bad a dash of old Fisherman coursing through their veins. Notably Aber corn, whose dam is by Goldsbrough, a grand son of Fisherman on the dam's side. Then the Cap winner, Bravo, is from a Maribyrnong mare, and Maribyrnong was a son of Fisher man. The Admiral, winner of the Maribyr nong Plate, is by Richmond, a eon of Maribyrnong, and Bos is by Boaworth, foil brother to Richmond. There was still another Richmond in the field in Prince Consort, and Ricfaelien, who ran so well in the Derby, is by the aame sire. Bacchus Marsh races take place to-day, and, as the trip is a pleasant one, no doubt there will be a large attendance from the metropolis. The programme, however, is i not a very liberal one, and will not attract! many good horses. Special trains will con-1 vey townsfolk to the scene of action, and will | return immediately after the last race. For! the Ladies' Bracelet, I fancy Radoo, Har pooner, and Foam; and the Bacchus Marsh Plate looks a real good thing for Prattler, if tie be in the same racing humour as at Caul ield on Saturday. Next to him I fancy Iris ind Laurel. The Trial Stakes may go to S'itro or Lord Kingston; and the Selling Race to St. Albert, Major, or Clarendon. The Auckland Racing Club Spring Meet ing passed off very successfully, and amongst the performers was the Musket colt Coronna, for whom a Victorian sportsman once offered 2,500 guineas. He atatted a! strong favourite for the Auckland Guineas, | so that be must have completely recovered from his accident; but he had to Buccumbto Mr. W. Somerville's sister to Trenton, Cissy, by Musket from Frailty, who beat him by a length ; and the same owner won the Wel come Stakes with a filly with all Trenton's blood in her veins, tor it was Mary, by Nor denfeldt from Frailty, who won rather easily. Mr. Somerville bIso won the Flying Handi cap with Tekeum, by Musket from Alba troBS. The President's Handicap w&b; won by Mr. W. Bobbett's Patchwork, by Piscator from Patch, who beat Cartridge and other members of the Musket tribe; and the Prince of Wales Handicap fell to Raglan, by our old friend Capkpie from Tenatribra. On the second day Cissy again showed her superiority by carrying fist. 101b. and winning the Spring Handicap, Quadrant (7st 101b.) being second, and Cornnna (fist. 101b.) not Plsced. Later in the day, Quadrant, who is by Robinson Crusoe from Radiance, won the Maiden Plate. The Nursery Handicap fell to Souvenir, by Ingomar from Memento, who carried 7et 71b.. Mary, with 9it., being second. Mr. II. Harrison's Haitian, b» Cap k-pie from Tenambra, won the City Handicap and Hunters' Welter StakeB, and Onf FAwkea tlie Selling Steeplechase. -f ,. * At the Canterbury (N.Z.) Spring Nfee notice that Reprisal, by First Kinjjt ^rorQ Memphis, ran third to Mr. E. Cuttiis Pyg lion, by Apremont from Nautilus, in the Welcome Stakes. . .. At the Middle-park yearling sale in New Zealand, the prices realised were not very high. "We heard by cable that Mr. Stead had given 350 guineas for the colt by bt. George from Rupee, and he also Purchased the filly by St. George from Waterepnte fm 110 guineas. A colt by St George from Hammock was bought by Mr. Cox for l30 guineas ; a colt by St. George from Becky Sharp, was sold to Mr. J. D. Ormond for 170 guineas ; and the latter Purchaser colt by St George from Miss * 1st for 150 guineas. The others were passed in. A remarkably well-bred horse named Vintage was the hero of the Golebrook (Tasmania) meeting. He carried 7st. 710.. and won the Colebrook Plate easily, and then came out with 9at upon bis back and won the All-aged Stakes, lintage is by British Workman from First Fruit, by Bcoomielaw.from Cherry Tree, byTheFtong Dutchman, and was bred by Mr. Alfred Page. He iB the property o{ an enthusiastic blacK smith named Penrce, who loves a bit of sport, and always has an animal ot some sort in training. I am sure his double victory would be very popular among the las manians. Another blackmith, George Daw, carried off the Ilurdle Race with Hero, who was ridden by the owner's son; and the lnal Stakes was won by Mr. G. H. AlomeB s Amalgam, by The Assyrian from Mignonette. Mr. J. Kearney's King Cup, by Horatio from Midnight, was successful in the bteeple Mr. W. H. Kent, who has taken to racing again, was in great form at the Queensland Turf Club Meeting. From tbe Queenslander I learn that he owns Fernando, who won the Queensland Cup, and beat 19 others. .The colt had previously won the Derby, and is by Orlando from Feronia, by Kelpie from Flirt* by Sir Richard. Mr. Barnes, who owned the dam of the colt, has another mare named Feronia, by Epigram, but she must not be confounded with the dam of Fernando, who died in 1886. Mr. Kent is also owner of The General, who won tbe Hopeful Stakes, beat ing ten others; this colt is by Epigram from the Yattendon mare Bridesmaid. Mr. C. W. Murray's Dumb Boy, who won the Maiden Plate, is by Wellington; and Mr. J. Finmee Larline, who won the Brisbane Handicap, is by Guinea from Laputa. . At the annual general meeting of the members of the Geelong Racing Club, held st the Victoria Hotel on Monday, Mr. J. D. Robinson in the chair, there waa a fair number of members present The annual report waB read, and in submitting the balance-sheet it waa shown that the year commenced with a balance of £42 6a Id. to credit, and ended with a balance on the debit side of £152 la. 8cL, which was accounted for by the expenditure on improving the course.^ Tbe reduction in the price of members* tickets had not met with any very largely increased number of members, and the sub scriptions of bookmakers showed a falling off, partly in consequence of the dnb'a inability to protect those subscribing, and also, it was alleged, from the large number of meetings held about Melbourne. The chair man stated that as the V.R.C. had passed a rule which debarred its members from acting as stewards for other clubs, Mr. Donald Wallace would not be able to act in that capacity for the G.R.C. He thought that the V.R.C. had made a serious mistake in making such a rale, and it would be greatly felt by associations like the Geelong Racing Club. Mr. "Wallace, however, had promised to lend the club all the assistance in his power. The following stewards were then elected Messrs, S. Austin, H. A. Austin, A Chirnside, G J. Dennys, T. Hawkes, M. O'Shanassy, J. Wilson, and J. D. Robinson, and the two vacancies were left to the stewards to fill up. Mr. E. R. Sp&rrow; was noanimonsly re-elected secre tary : Mr. D. OToole, clerk of the course; Mr. Parsons, ranger; and the appointment of judge, handicapper, and starter was left in the hands of the stewards. It was decided to notify to the V.R.C. that the club had resolved to hold the summer meeting on Friday, 81st January, and Saturday, 1st February. A vote of thanks was passed to the stewards for having provided the gold cup for the lost summer meeting, and a similar compliment having been paid to the secretary and the chairman the meeting The entries for the Ballaeat Turf dab meeting are not very numerous, and 1 am rather surprised that the local st&blea; have nut patronised the meeting more freely. One misses tbe names of many horses trained at Dowling Forest* and then are but few from the metropolitan district. The fact is tbe whole programme requires revising, and then there wonld be a chance of the club receiving better patronage. Such an insti tution as the B.T.C. should not be allowed to close its meeting with a paltry stake of 20 sovs. For the Maiden Plate there are 10 entries, and the same number for the Hurdle Race. The Ballarat Handicap shows a better result, for there are 17 in it, but nothing within stones of our best horses The Selling Plate has nine in it, and there are only six in tbe Ladies Bracelet, the smallness of the latter entry being anything but creditable to the sterner sex ot tbe Ballarat district The Ballarat Cup has filled with 18 entrees, and there ate 9 in the Public Auction Stakes, 11 iu the Second Hurdle Raoe, 8 in the Steeplechase, and 15 in the Free Handi cap. Welshing is becoming more frequent than ever, and it is gratifying to find that some of the ruffians who infest our courses for the Enrpose of robbing the nnwary are being rougbt to justice. At tbe Essendon Court, on Monday, one of the fraternity, named James Coffey, was charged with the larceny of £3 from Denis Noonan at Moonee Valley races, on tbe 26th October. He was also charged with defrauding William Findlay of a Bimilar sum. Tbe witnesses proved that they had each paid bim £3 to back Don Giovan for tbe Moonee Valley Cup, but wfaen tbe hone had won the bookmaker was not to be found. Constable M'Sweeney deposed to seeing the accused betting in the outer pad dock at Moonee Valley, and alter the race be saw him in the grand stand enclosure. Having been imprisoned since the 2nd ioet, the magistrates sentenced him to only a month's imprisonment. This is mistaken leniency. There are many honest cash "bet tors among the outside ring, and backers should take care only to deal with them. It is better to take 2 to 1 Bnd get your money if yon win, than 10 to 1 from a welsher who will levant with yonr cash. For some time welshing has been in full awing even at Moonee Valley, and in order to reduce it to a minimum the memberB of the Bookmakers' Association have requested tbe proprietor, Mr. W. 8. Cox, to make a charge of a certain ram per meeting for the privil<$e of betting on the Moonee Valley course, and to prevent betting by men who are not members of the association, or who are not licensed to bet In the paddock by the V. RC. Mr. Cox objects to makinga charge of a certain enm per day, because the collec tion thereof entails a great deal of trouble and expense. He would prefer a quarterly, half-yearly, or yearly fee; and in this * think he is right Upon a previous occasion when Mr. Cox wished to make a chares he was opposed by the very men who oufctat to have supported him, but with a sensible man like MC.YV.H. M'Millan at the head of the affairs ot the Bookmakers' Association, wiser counsels are sure to prevail, and in (heir own interests, as well as the interests of the public, X hope to see the members of the ring fall in with Mr. Cox's views. They can have no valid objection to a quarterly tee. The establishment of the Bookmakers Asso ciation is a step in the right direction, and if those who are connected with _ it only work in harmony with the proprietors of racecourses there will not be much cause for grumbling at the end of the season. It was announced laet week that the Hawkesbury llace Club intended to give a complimentary race meeting to Mr. Andrew Town. In connection with this Mr. John Thompson, the well-known bookmaker, sug gested that there should be added to the programme a race to be called the Book makers' lffirse, and towards this object the members of the ring connected with the Vic torian Club and Bowes'a Tattersall'e have contributed over 150 sovs. I expect to see this sum equalled—if not exceeded—by the ringmen of Sydney Tattereull's, and thus a very nice prize will be added to the bill of fare to be provided by the II. RG. It is cer tain, I think, that some of the metropolitan clubs will follow the lead of tbe latter in stitution. The general entries for the Wyndham meeting will require attention of owners and trainers on Monday next, when nominations for the Handicap Hurdle Race of 70 eovs.. Handicap Steeplechase of 70 sovs., Selling Stakes of 70 bovs., and Hunters' Handicap Flat Race of 70 sova will close at the office of the V.RC., Melbourne, at 4 p.m.; or with the secretary, Mr. M. Wall, at the Werribee Club Hotel, Werribee, at 8 p.m. All horses not scratched for the Wyndham Spring Handicap and Suburban Handicap by 4 o'clock p.m. on Monday next (at tbe V.RCL office only) will be liable lor a further sum of 2 sovs. and 3 sovs. respectively, pay able at scale. Tbe general entries for the A-J.C. Summer! Meeting will require attention on Wednesday J next The events to close are the Flying Handicap of 200 eovs., six furlongs ; Hurdle Race of 200 sovs., two miles ; Selling Plate ot SOU sovs., one mile ; Nursery Handicap ot 200 sovs., five furlongs ; and A.J.C. Handicap of 250 sovs., one mile and a quarter. Entries will be received at the A. J.C. office, 163 King street, Sydney, or V.RC. office, Boutke street, Melbourne, up to 4 p.m. Entries for the two selling races hi con nection with the Bendtgo Jockey Club Spring Meeting will close on Monday next, at the V.RC. office, Melbourne, or with the sec., Mr. J. Hemming, Sandhurst Owners who have horses engaged in the principal handi caps are also reminded tnat ail horses not withdrawn before 4 p a on the same day will be considered acceptors. Acceptances for Tatters&U;'e Cup and Ans tr&lian; Plate in connection with tbe Brisbane Tattersall'e Club Spring Meeting will close on Tuesday next with the secretary, Mr. J. G. Byrne, Adelaide-street, Brisbane, or with Mr. J. Perry, sec Tattersall'e Club, Sydney. On Thursday next Mr. J. G. Greaves, the hon. sec of the Campbell's Creek races, will receive entries for the Stewards' Purse, Campbell's Creek Cup, and Open Handicap , Trot at the Five Flags Hotel, Campbell's Creek. By the San Francisco mail American papers to October ate to band, and I notice from tbe details of the Brooklyn meeting that in tbe Holly Handicap, won by Sir Modred's son Tournament, another Sir Modred, Ball&rat;, was second, and there were ten others behind them. Both belong to Mr. G. Hearst, and Bal larat, who started a hot favourite, looked all over a winner 100 yards from home, when Tournament collared him and beat him a head. El Rio Itey, the crack two year old of the United States, has again been doing big things. At the Westchester autumn meeting he won the Damnum Stakes, and is alleged to have ran the six furlongs in lmin. 12Jtec.f winning easily by three lengths. There is such a desire on the part of racecourse pro prietors in America to beat records that I begin to look upon their marvellous times with scepticism, but JE3 Rio Rey, who is by Norfolk from Msison, is doubtless a bril liant colL The Spirit of the Timet says Tournament is a great blocky brown colt, with a white foot in front, not tall, but enormously stout, like a weight-carrying hunter, and is muscled like Luke Black burn. At the Brooklyn meeting Messra Dwyer Brothers' horse Kingston, by Spend thrift from K&panda;, beat the American mile and a quarter record by running the dis tance in 2min. fi&sec.; R&celand;, a great per former, cut ont the work, and ran the first quarter of a mile in 26$sec., the half mile was covered in 51}sec., the three-quarters in lmin. 16$sec., and the mile in lmin. 42sec. All this time Raoeland held the lead, and the pace was terrific. When King ston challenged, Raceland soon shot his bolt, and Kingston won by a length. Thus, tbe record of 2min. 7sec. made by Dry Monopole in 1887 was beaten by half a second. Probably the fastest mile and a quarter ever run was that of Abercorn in tbe Canterbury Plate, wherein Mr. White's champion ran the diBtanoe in 2miu. Skec, and the last five furlongs in lmin. 2Jsec. Some of the Americans are clamouring for tbe re-establishment of heat- racing, bat it is not likely that this barbarous system will ever come into favour again. At the Jerome park meeting another son of Sir Modred proved victorious. This was a colt named Sir John, by Sir Modred from Marion, who won a puree of 1,000 dollars for two year olds. Take my word for it, within tbe next two or three seasons the sons and daughters of Sir Modred and Darebin will take high! honours amongst the racehorses of America,1 and we ah all have same of the.breeder* of the great continent coming this way on the look-out for other Australasian sires. From Mauritius 1 learn that that very in different performer Eld has proved one of tbe champions of the island this season. He fs tbe property of Mr. N. Jaoobu, and won tbe Maiden Plate easily, and Amauoo, a daughter of Suwarrow, was second. Lord Sutton, by His Lordship from hady Mannera-Sotton, beat Melesimds on the first day, but on tbe second bad to sneonmb to Eltl. On the last day, however, Lord Sutton carried fist 71b. and won tbe Port Louis Plate, and the per formance was considered good enough lot an Australian to make an effort to get him fo teke to India. Combatant, another Aus tralian horse, won the Drapers' Plate and Merchants and Planters' Cup; he. is by Venom from Croix de Honneur, and waa bred by Mr. William Pearson. J. Walker, who was formerly in Mr. De Mestre's and Mr. 8\. Gardiner e service, was pretty successful at the meeting, and is now on his way to' Australia; he will ride at Perth (W.A.) in December. It is unfortunate for Mr. Brodribb that Prince Consort is not engaged in the V.RC. shall Bad intKefcfi * V.R.G, spring form ot the (j! *R?^ln™?DK.; .&nd;*^tRn&v; ^ in the Derby it is quite nruwiw ,i® proveaIormldableoipoK1feh4\b5 oe unable to fulfil the en^m^Ie&4l">S At the HmbslU {SffifiS. m * J?"®.'°2!* Banachpore raoa the AnsS. N^Kefiy won the Grand NationS? The Southern Hotel Stakea¥{<, lan, for horses thut had not fa^T^ thun 2mm.SSaec.. was derided iKS last month, and won by an outrifi?. ^ TTo..» xT-ifi. »awmer Reference. Harry Noble'ison'att^^ heats in 2min. lfijsec. JKg*** Reference, who had been third tad H?* ■taBManfitrnlw dltan w*a« aL. a . ttCfHw) arsattwttiBas The Spirit of the Times - -1 three-year-bid trotters, ended in a vieT^r" Margaret S., by Director from Mm tw ? wnn fh« ^ilMA hfttta in Omm ClOt " *ll& won the three heats in 2min, sauJh . 22fcsec., and2min. 24sec., agoodrewt,(iC' three-year-old. The winuw tafffel California. Mr. Belmont, the American sportum. • attain racing horses in England t&i; «tY Newmarket meeting on the 9Stl bis Ameriean-bred colt PolMln^ Blaise from Polenta, by Macaroni mJ. ? first appearance in the Granby Plate. %! colt was much fancied, and waa fevomit(,t 11 to 10 against and he won derarljtJ, neck from the Duke of Beaufort's fti* The colt ran in the nomination ®$ v, Deopold de Rothschild, and wss trained b Haynoe. He is engaged in next year's Dak It has been suggested by several adoiiim of the late Mr. R. C. Bagot, that m memorial should be erected at Remington b honour of the man who did much tosith making the Flemington racecoune ahunh, I am sure it only requires somebody to \ the initiative to insure a response tVufe would enable the V.R.G. to erect aoaettuu worthy of the man who worked eo bud In raise it to its present etate oi prosperity. The whips oi the Melbourne Hunt Ck) have requested me to (hank Mr. Bichud Grice aim the other subscriber* lot the some present made them after the condon® of the hunting season. The weights for Brisbane TsttetMB'sCnp have been declared, sod as there h noting first-el ana hi the race, % Anthony m Mikado hare been plated at the hkl «f affairs with Set 131b. each, and next to than are Lyndhurst and Honest lied. Prom whit 1 Baw of Queensland raring I should bte Theorist, Yabba, and Pirate to be the bat treated, and if they are in last yearb ions, one of the three Bhould win I do not «e anything amongst the lightitreighh likely to trouble them, Kingfish and Grand Chetta, Derhaps. being the best of those under Sit In the Australian Plate also Sir Anthony and Mikado ate top weights wift 9at lib. each, but in this also I like best Theorist, Yabh, and Pirate- " sra? M* ix FSn,e* £li5; Mr> Jobn Stone) £139' J*r9V £125; Mr. J. W. SfbiJSkS.te'em ™ —' to*J!le J?041** °* tnwteffl. It wis RnH^M ? Messrs. Btmowea and • ,. ?».for ihe assistance they bad given in obtaining the neir regulations govern in sr the coarse. A letter from the railway department promised that a train shonid start from Melbourne on the ev&rting;^ e Wth iost, returning the next " Reversal of fbnn" is a complaint which they Buffer from a good deal in the old conn try, and one of the mint recent instances Jff8 ®h°arn in the Ceaarewitch, won by Mr. *v. tioatera Primrose Day. On public form sne had not a thousand to one chance, for she ran four times aa a two year old and once as a three and only onoe got a place, but for the Cesare witch ahe was backed for thousands, ana after the start there was only one in h, and that one was Primrose Day. The Bucephalus, one of the best linen in the Indian trade, has left for Calcutta with a number of ponies, the property of Mr. !L Uphill, who comes every year to spend a con siderable amount of money in the purehtse of horses and ponies for the Indian rejiba Amongst the ponies which be has selected this year an several which have dis tinguished themselves upon Victorian race courses, and as pony racing is more popular than horseracing in India, these little Australians will have many opportunities of distinguishing themselves m their new homes. Deles, by Richmond, is one of the horse* shipped by sir. Uphill, and the Buce phalus, which is splendidly fitted for the con veyance of homes on along trip, will call m at Newcastle to take on board about AW horses for Mr. R. J. Hooter, who has for some t»me been devoting himself to pro curing a number of weu-brei homes from the northern studs. I believe M& Hunter has succeeded in obtaining one of the J*™ shipments ewer purchased for toe Xu<t»a market, and I hope both he and Mr. Uphill will receive such encouragement as wiu in duce them to continue the experiment tor many yearn to come. _ . _ Victorians who visited Wagm ja»B * years ago will remember Mr. J. B the courteous inspector of police, whoaiws did everything in his power to make««■ bourne visitors comfortable. Hie u no» en joying hie pension in Europe, ana wr™* a friend by the last mail, he mform®^.1® that while on the way from a race meetro§ held under the auspices of »he Song d'Enconragement Courses an M°J! . Boulogne, in company with^Mr. M Lougttfin, the bones bolted, and the was upset Mr. Lougblm escaped wit injury, but Mr. Medlgyahd the courie ceived ar At a meeting of the members of me v. committee oa Tuesday. the nPP61' (JFJ1 ^ the decision of .theEwom^ awarding the Hunters Hurdle willow was beard. It will be that Mr. W. Moffatt, who »to Jggj claimed an allowance of fflb., on that be had never ridden a winner °**?Lpng race v. steeplechase; but the vaB stipulated that the winner of any r* not entitled to an allowance, M." „ Moffa.lt had won a flat race, on obi«£fj~ffere Epsom stewarda The stokes and beW«» sequentlyuo to Tit willow. . pony The appeal of the owner of g« g! Veracity gainst the deewion of jwgg*,, park atcwards in refming to [joffsy objection to Little Nell in*» Handicap at Oakleigh-park «" was heard by the V.RC. on Tuesday. It was j alleged that Little Nell had run at un registered meetings, and therefore was not entitled to run upon any course where the V.R.C. rules were in force. As the objection was not clearly Btated to the Oakleigh-park stewards, the protest was dismissed, and the owner of Veracity appealed to the V.RC who directed that the Oakleigh-park stewards should be requested to reconsider the case. During the week Messrs. W. C. Yuille and I Co. were in negotiation with Mr. W. Gannon 1 on behalf of a constituent for the purchase of I Melos, and offered the 2,000 guineas asked for the colt at the sale recently held in Mel bourne, but Mr. Gannon raised hia price to I S.000 guineas, which was considered alto gether too high a figure, so there was no ^ Mr. M. P. Whitty has withdrawn his ap peal to the V.RC. against the decision of the V.A.T.C. stewards in awarding the Selling Race to Crown Jewel, who ran second. The V.RC. oommittee has endorsed the action of the stewards of the Clark's Hill (Dean) in disqualifying for three months H. Borton, owner, A. Horton, rider, and the mare I Essie, for euBpicious running in a race at Clark e Hill, the disqualification to date from I October 29. • . I The Victoria Racing Club, summer pro-1 gramme has appeared at last, and will be | found in the advertising columns this week. I It opens with the Normanby Stakes, of 400 sova, which has already closed. 'Second on I the list is a Hurdle Race, of 250 sova, about I two miles ; and next to this is the Standish I Handicap, of 300 aovs., which closed last I week. A Steeplechase, of 300 soya, is sand-1 wiched between the latter event 'and the Bagofc Handicap; and the last event is the I Criterion Stakes, of 300 bovA, for two-year-1 olds, six furlonga The general entries dose I at 4 p.m. on Monday, December 9. I notice I also that the Newmarket Handicap and Aus tralian Cup have been advertised. The I former, as is pretty generally known, is the great six furlongs race of the antnmn, and the club adds L0O0 aovs. The Australian | Cap is also subsidised to the extent of 1,000 I so vs., and tbe distance is two miles and a I quarter. Entries for these events dose on January 6, and I expect to see a big entry for I each. I Mr. Cox has advertised his first programme I for the trotters, and it will be decided at | Moonee Valley on Thursday, December 19.1 There are tour events, and Mr. Cox is mak-1 ing an attempt to classify the trotters, for I the first event is a purse of 40 nova, for horses not having a record of three minutes. The second event is a purse of 40 sova. for ] horses not having a record better than 2min. I 55sec., and a similar sum will be given to | horses with a record not better than 2nain. 50sec. These raceB will be trotted in ] divisions, and the winner of each division I will trot off for the stake, bo that tbel spectators will have plenty for their money. I The wind np will be a Distance Handicap I Trot, of 50aova, for trotters and pacers, one I mile. It seems to me to be the next thing to | a farce to make a distance handicap trot a} mile only. It would be mUch more like I Bport if Mr. Cox were to increase the dis tance to three miles. In all the races riders I will have to carry list 71b., and drivers Met, 101b., and nominators will have to furnish at time of entry the pedigree and performances I of each horse, also full descriptions of brands I and natural marks. Some of the owners I will find it very difficult to provide all the I performances of some trotters, especially 1 thoBe that have trotted in New Zealand. Mr. Cox will have to look ont for "ringers." I Entries close on Monday, December 9. I Mr. BradBh&w; has notified that the race meeting originally fixed for the 29th inst. j baa bren abandoned. I Another excellent programme has been framed by the Elsternwick-park authorities for Satorday, December 2L It contains Beven events, opening with a Hurdle Bace, of 75 sovs., about one mile and a half. Then I follows the Christmas Handicap, of 75 aova, j five furlongs and a half; and the third item I on the list.iB a Time Handicap Trot, of 1001 bovb., three miles. I am glad to see that the j distance for the trot has been increased, for I it will give the good stayers an opportunity I for distinguishing themselves. A Steeplechase, of 100 bovb., precedes a Welter Handicap, of 75 sova, Bix furlongs and a half. A Selling Race, of 100 sova, and the Elsterawick-park Handicap, of 100 sova, complete a capital bill of fare. Entries close ou Monday, Decem ber 9. Messrs. Baker and Farqubar announce by I advertisement that they are prepared to | provide large instantaneous photographic views of the finish of the Melbourne Cap. | The Pleasant Creek Racing Club meeting I will be held on tbe 26th December. Tbe pro-1 gramme contains half a dozen events, chief amongst them being the Pleasant Creek Handicap, of 30sovs., one mile and a quarter. I Tbe other items consist of a Hurdle Race, Maiden Plate, Stewards' Cup, Flying Handi cap, and Forced Handicap. Entries close with tbe hon. secretary, W. A. Brown, on tbe 2nd December. The Victoria Amateur Tnrf Club is to be congratulated upon having issued so rich a I bill of fare for Thursday, December 26. It will probably be the first. occasion upon which our new Governor, Lord Hopetono, will viBit a racecourse in Australia, and the principal event has very appropriately been named the Hopetoun Cup, Tbe liberal sum of 750 sovs. will be added to the stake, and I Mr. James Cattowill present the winner with a trophy value 100 sovs. The entry fee will be a couple of sovereigns only, and there will be a sweep of 5 sovereigns. The V.A.T.C. has distinctly scored a point upon this) occasion, and I hope all Victorian racing men will show not only their appreciation of 1 the liberality of the club, but also of our new I Governor, who is a true aportsmaD, and nominate freely. A Hurdle Race, of 200 sova, opens the programme, and next to it is the Juvenile Stakes, which has already closed. The Hopetoun Cnp, already referred to, is thud op the list, and is followed by a Selling Race, of 150 so vs., five furlongs. A Steeple- ( chase, of 250 sovs, .cornea next, and the wind np ia the Malvern Handicap, of 150 aovs., five furlonga and a half, which is sore to fill welL Rntnes close on Monday, December 9. The Kilmore Turf Club meeting will take place on New Year's Day, and a programme of seven events has been framed lor the occasion. The first is a Hurdle Race, of 85 ■ova, and then follow the Maiden Plate, of 20 bovb., Kilmore Turf Club Handicap, of 60 cova, Selling Hurdle Race, of 20 sovs., Flying Handicap, of 20 aova, Steeplechase, of 5? bwb-i and Ladies' Bracelet, of 16 aovs. entries for the principal eventa close with n.ih2?\\*?CIS&1* Mr T- F. Murray. Royal SewndjMlS. °re* ^ Pitn- °n Friday, j Messrs. Munro and Baiilieu submitted P. V "tables _ and cottage to auction lost weex, but as the reserve was not reached •hey were not disposed of. min columns Messrs. Gem wxLjES ^ ao<* announce that on] November 27, they will b"»cmg and training establish at GW u!Tn.f" Kowbery- grove, It ia sitnated Canifl«i«? 'onl? a *ew from tbe I vaoifield course, and should suit tome of oar' trainers who are anxious to obtain a place Bouth of the Yarra. The Elmsburst Tnrf Club meeting will be held on Friday, January 19. I have been requested by Messrs. Monro ■ and Baillieu to call attention to the Bale of the Robin Hood Hotel, which they have advertised this week. This hostelry is close to the Buln Buln racecourse, and is bounded ■ by the Tarago River and Whisky Creek, where excellent fishing and shooting can be obtained. The sale will take place on Toes day, December 3. Tarcoola has, I hear, gone into T. M'Namara's hands. He was, 1 believe, pur chased by Mr. Greenway before the Victorian Club Handicnp last Saturday. Olive and Nerisaa have gone into the stable of J. Wilson,, jun.. The lengthy programme which Mr. Cullen put before his patrons on Wednesday attracted a fairly numerous company to Oak leigh-park, but the outing was Bpoiied some what by the disagreeable heat and the equally disagreeable dust, which, despite AquariuB'B good intentions to abate, blew about in every direction. Quack, who won the Selling Hurdle Race, was not a bad bargain at £55, and, well-placed, he ought to win many a race for his new owner, Mr. R. Sevior. Whitsun, who won the Trial Stakes for Mr. S. Miller, is a rare-bred 'un, being by Progress from Mr. T. Chirnside'a old mare Beeswing, the dam of Bolton Green, who has sired bo many useful horses. Kariri, j who ia by-Musket from Atalantu, the dam of the speedy Paddy, did not give his backers much uneasiness iu the Galloway Handicap, nor did Percussion, who won the Alphington I Handicap, for 14-band ponies, in a hand { canter. Percussion, too, is thoroughbred, being by Somnue Irom Dynamite, and bails: from the Sydney side. The veteran Hog manay still retains hiB pace, as he proved by his victory over Master Jack in the Oakleigh park Handicap, in which the running of ASneas, who went from evens to any price, without even a premonitory Bymptom, was rather pectoliar. Cooyal, who Shaped bo badly at Mentone, won the Flying Handicap like a racehorse, for he was blocked near home, but worried his way through, and de feated Radoo cleverly. Cooyal, who is full brother to Blarney, by Marvellous from Beeswing, by Australian (imp.) from Busy Bee, by Magus, takes his name from bis breeder, Mr. S. A. Blackman's place near Mndgee, Hew South Wales. In these degenerate days, when " reversal of form " is so much the rule, it would not be a bad idea if the V.R.C, were to appoint two or three paid stewards to attend the various suburban meetings. - At present it is always difficult to get honorary stewards to act, and most daring deeds are performed without the slightest notice being taken of them. If this suggestion were carried out, probably we should not bear bo much of suspicious running. The Nagambie and Shepparton meetines went off very successfully, and Mr. F. F. Dakin's handicapping gave general satisfac tion. I am glad to bear from Brisbane that the Queensland Turf Club has accepted a tender of over £6,000 for the erection of a hand some hew grand stand of brick and iron. At present the lawn at Eagle Farm is a dead level. I hope a proper Blope will be made with the new stand. It will be remembered that a short time ago the stewards of the Sydney Hunt Club dis qualified a horse named Charcoal, his trainer Keys, and jockey Gainsfortb, for auepkiouB running at their meeting. Without much consideration the committee of the A.J.C. refused to endorse the disqualification. This, naturally enough, has aroused the indigna tion of the members of the Sydney Hunt Club, who, at a meeting on Thursday night, pasBed a resolution to the effect that the course pur sued by the A. J.C. committee in declining to endorse the disqualification of Keys; &c.;, without having heard evidence, and without fully investigating the matter, was absolutely unjustifiable. It seems to me that the Btrong protest of the S.H.C. was quite warranted. A well-known jockey named Frank Smith has been arrested on a charge of being con cerned in the mnrder of a man named Black bum in Sydney. The charge of foul riding made by W. Osborne against J. Gardner was investigated by the Oakleigh-park stewards during the week. They considered there was not suffi cient evidence to sustain the charge; but as both jockeys were said to have made use of improper language at Moonee Valley the Oak leigh-park stewards reported them to the stewards of Mr. Cox's ground. Mr. J. Jenkins's bad luck stuck to him on Thursday, and sb the clerk of the weather turned on biB tap just at the time people were about to start for Mordialloc, many in tending visitors changed their minds and re mained at home Those who had the coumge to go to Epsom had the pleasure of enjoying a very pleasant afternoon, for the weather cleared, and Mr. JeukinB's beautiful course was never seen to such advantage. The racing was fairly good, and there were two or three ibstances of "reversal of form." The most noteworthy performance of the day was that of that wonderfal old pony Peter, who carried 10at. and won the Hastings Handicap. Everything was carried out in a most satis factory manner, Mr. Woods acting as judge, and Mr. George Watson as starter, while the weighing arrangements were under the direc tion of Messrs. Miles and Isherwood, and Mr. Straker looked after the catering in bis best style. Axtell, the great three-year-old trotting colt of America, has once more electrified the residents of the United States by trotting a mile in 2min. 12sec.—the fastest ever made by any three year old or stallion in the world. It was accomplished on the Terre Haute track last month, when the colt was sent to try and beat the three-year-old record made by Snnol in 2min. ISfsec. He trotted the first quarter in SSsec., the half-mile inlmin. 5&sec.;, and the full mile in 2min. 12sec., never making a skip or break in accomplishing this wonder ful feat There was great excitement at the finish, and the driver was carried shoulder high. So much was thought of the per formance that Mr. Conlev, one of the wealthy sportsmen of the United States, gave 105,000 dollars, or £21,000, for the colt This must be good news for Mr. J. J. Miller and Mr. K G. Brodribb, for Axtell is sired by William L.; who is by George Wilkes from a mare by Mambrino Boy, the sire of the grey mare Lucretia, who was imported by Mr. Miller, and subsequently eold to Mr. Brodribb. Moreover Mr. Miller's latest importation, Red Wind, belongs to the famous Wilkes family, and it Lucretia be put to him when she goes to the etud, who knows but that she may produce another Axtell ? ~ Chaldean and The Promised Land have gone into Mr. Thomas Wilson's stable at Ballarat At the antnmn yearling sales in England Mr. D. Cooper gave 1,000 guineas for a brother to Bordet Minstrel. 