WHiY CIARKiE 2RUSSELL ARAN- I DONED THE SEA. (er w Tomni wont..) In ona veor oomll particular indeed I may claim to rosemble the poet Wordsworth : I am not uo Wrno m lh oarr oft deloll h' To sausou ay friends with plersoat halk but having beot aoked to contriulte " someo thing of It slim, autobiographical character," it has occurred to muo to convert the proposal into alo opportunity, thlat I maybu enabled to answer a questioa whielh has been: very oftenl put to me onco thoe first of my oconu stories, ' The Wrck of the Grosvenlr,"' found a public I Ameorica. Why did I ive up the sioaa " y ow did It Rhappon, Mr. Clark lutssoll, that you sllhohll hautve anlut2oned na vocation which you aro nvorr weary of wrtling about ! There is not te tparo in your iovels but expresses you ti nn artent aamirer of tit dealt in every paoo of its variable mind. Yoas ceato some tairyfabrocofship or yacht, and 'love it to vitality.' What mando you giveuni the eat, tilon h-yoha who iore nalduredlr oarUst of mOestoaau. tical luet it apreciation of the many its ilt re. luetanco to admit thlao sombre oharartoristie of a ailling that heas ioisted your tight iuttle island to ito wrorld's moasthcad?" This is the gist of r fatir proportiot of tihe lettersi have received from a gretat number of correspodentls it all arts of America sitico I ratdo m? tfrst nautieal acuaro. The recurrotco of tile aaestion has posttively grows teasing. I gttsp, tterefore, with avidty the cltance now offered m to extinguish for over, I ]topeo, ntr almost steorotypei itetrrogatory: W lhy diml I give up tio seat I mighlt oatswerthis hi a single osentenco: ecause o was sick of it. Whiat fruit do the idealisms of thio schoolboy boar ,whta the little reatire swaoggeors ith a badge tpot his cap ithd.n~.oit around htis ?ailst and brnss bttons ttpor his jacket Yo I have plucked' rtsnd nato of that growth, mid I protest them is notinde it the rolanco and poetry of tile ocean to retter endurable to what I must term tlto metaory of mny paltoe, tte sickeinng flavour of tile aiork, tl odious ato nm of the pean-soe, the tsfaferartlo swmeoll of warm soa p and botlli upon wlichl I wats rcgalcd for over eight yeotls of tlty younog lifo. IBut to tirocl d artistioalla . It lwas in tile last ship 1 over served abtatrd of tos t sailor. licerstto witso t le Dcunca Dtunbar. Site was t wetlil-town Australitn trade sd p:ultaenger craft named fterheor owtner, a hulgo, fat, self. made purptle.fae Scotchmllt withl a turtleosoutl accent, if you know what tlttt moan?, tand sote tawo millions sterling to hIis earnigs. Sie was commanded by a typo of kipper inow very nearly extinct, it figure fnned of oval shanlks and up anld down ars, and carrot-shaped lingers curled like fish-thooks. In tit centre of his crimson face sitone a fiery pnitpl of a ntodao on eitiher side of whaich was a small rliomatic, - doeep.ank eye. Iis one headgear, in stonn or shlitne, blow itiiRt, blow low, nw s it tall silk hat, a toleraibiy good ono for Sunday and a shoctkilgly id one -rusty ats thougtt still roelctietg tlo angry blush of a stormo sustot-for week days atd nights. I was this little old mnal's third oanto-no very diatinctave positiol to fill, tholgh it was iot without its ruinuto and vexatious duties aped ronipolsibilities. Ho di not lore mo--ite s oe cng.hlt itt mimicking him; I was hiitating his wni ulld bearing, and looking up tat the break of thio poop, I mnothisoye. TlerowtasnotmuchI of it, indeed, to eacet, bat what little there was shone with resentment like tte glofwing end of a cigarette. A now w?rn THE CAPrTAl. He durst niot caillengo my tmean ig, for I wias aetitg before a tllober of passengers, tnd tall explanation must have proved more o-to larralsslg to him thain to tie ; but hte wais afiervardu ttlwoys oen tha look- oat to punist by ]tlaailiatilg te. t anlt t xonslter ant order was girve to reef topstils. I slteng into tite rggingll for the weather aUitopteal ottrin, but boforo I was up to the futtock sharouda tiae old man was ogani roarilng " Comao dow,, lIr. Itussell. cotlo down, air! Yot're too young, sir! You htaitl't got hobf cnougtl int y for satch work! Lay doiwn, sir, hefore you're overboard I Therelro wore utmy Intdy lalssen gera ot deck at the tite, atd 1 cothined myn litmb, heedless of his yells, itot ho fire with wrnth alud ashnlo frlo mey toes to the topmost curl on tay hiead. Weul, niow, tile Dunbar Dunbor, homeward bound from Sydne, wls anpproacingu the iongu tudoe of thae Hon. ?e worh velyfar north ; the old uat hatd got somo half-atuddlod notion of tit Great Cirtcle ailing urtdor Itis chlnoy-pot iout, andwr were as hitih as fitftoylitd or osityo degrees, runalingul one atocrnoot beforeo It gale of wind from tile westward, a sme ots tall us our mizzoltop following us till, if you stood aft and watched ilho slope of the slip's 16lag flying body witen tho huge fooaming knaoll took her faor tnder her rparit' coumter, 'twas like iooking doart at stoop hill, with theo curve of the bow flat as a spootn in teo livid hollow and the well. steered tbowtsprit and jibboota a lhoriontal lino. Our canvas wasita narrow bantd of close-ro fed maintlopmitil ttd a forotoluaast Ot'satil. T'llhoug almaut 2 o'clock in time afternooa watchl, itte motlth being May, it was moroasort of visiblo flying dust titan dtaylighlt nil houat us, often hotiory wtit ouch alttoa's sllusillia o yotl tmust enlter those tarallols to meet with tlio like of; so that again and agaha, to n observero standing aft, tito ollp seemed cut in two, all forward of tle mainmast hidden in tihe boiling smother of flakea andlo te two fellowa gritilitag tat tile wheel dim as dlronst, as you looked at tilao from thlo break of its poiop. It was at this break of ile poop lhat I war tatndlng wvith the lchief otato; tle skipper wvas alft lhouldlnllg on by tie xatg that steadiod the ltizzen gait ; tite handa were undler cover. Theem were two men forvard on the lookout for ieo, hat tluy only sheoaed at intervals witen tile snow thinnled tad lot the topgallant forecatlo gleata out crystal lwhito. The roarilg of tle winad ivas like tthunderaloutt our nllstaeads, but the speed of tite atlip, that was probally tarlve katos Ot Ioar, took a tlrtion of thoe veighlt out of it, and it wrae possiblo to converse. 'Tto mate was It Scotellon, ilthe noost ogreeal? o person I sas ovornoasocineatod with at sea ; a sailor of ilttelli gcnce mid of grout lexperoenc, who wars good otagh to Itnal lis wind for me itt prolportton its my bow-legged friend aft matde nail t'otlhcr artay. AN IClWi11=0 I6EAD AII AD. This gentleteu and I were chattngll very atlu ablly togetheor as we overhuntg tihe Ionas nail, when slddoely r ieo stiffeeal hlimllself all like it marlitn.spike itl fell at sliflitag violeatly an tlhotgh to the sudden rititag of someo cvil odour. "Ia lnll ice:" sad lieo. I aniffed glaint, taut could thnto niothit" but snow. '"There's ice ita tito ntoigubourllood a!" cried Irt, still sniffling, tiall was about to Imil tihe forecastle, twhen tlhereo atroseuo a loud atd foarful cry from that quarter of tihe ship, "Lce right ahcadt, sir!" "Ice righlt nheadll" slriaekcd ilte mato, wrleeling roand to tie captaiu. "I see it, sir, I seeo it!" lhowled tih skiplper, "hardl up, iardl upI" Thme spokes flallhe it tit lahalds of the two enunl like tale driving wheevlcol of a locolmotive, atld itor whole slli]), riinig to Otto height of a Ihugaleacitfie surge, paui off witi tlia timblecess of something sentlliot i terror of its lifoe; whlat tat tihe iastoat riglht over tile star boar.l cthlend thlro leapt out of ilte whirling, rwhlitend glooa il Alpieoo Iheilght of ice, L 'prodligious borg with its asumiiita ob?cured, leaving it to ttase tliotsanlds of ftal ligi to teo itaginlatio. The osna broko itn hlills of forlnt ?g titat it weatlhr side ; tile ro. vcrbemtiot of tihe Salo in ohasa, mrotileo, ald orgoe amo to the oarr swith thle aprotr of a "Ihndoal bmroudidon tlrouglh .thla pourhttrlwindts thatt prodlued Vtlo aortaa.ig eoutdla; It eowoed: green, glIttcring, ghtastly, tien vanlhstd aheatn ,ltnlat tite rottling of tho mint topsal antt tile slhoek of toe blows of bumpas of loatitg ico nltslling alonag our hcetdos. "Ire ritt p/at olaca, oir' i" aasagahit yelled fitm Vlit forecastle; nid rigllt over our jib-booma loomed osat sucht atnotoer islatnld naro liead nnrrowly mtoiseal. 'ortnatetly tlt o slic Jttat tltton ceasoed, tile Iherieuo clcaoa to tile distaneco of a tluilo, eltai te lvatm laulottily hter to, nutictig itolalo areatiltr of tIt; bt wtlteoa Iwveit beloar t glilit bells I foaad snyself unuttsually rtlleetivo. all sorts of prejudices and tilotaghtoa ritich Ilid Ieen liunglg loose about me l-adnlonihlg into a rcsolaltioncwhltd hehla na so nitoytly that I forgot to so-otr viotn at ouplir, at glattonous Ilidahlita ntlolt tool le tiatt altiito ieork wats ottona, atai whlaott I discovered, in cttttaeqtaoet of titt galley fire bling arreotod out, thlterse wau nllttig bhtter to nanko at tuetat of thnatt soft ihotycomtod talll'o bhrld ,latd at pluuatdkla of coml water. iEeDITrTI.O OO ttoa SAILOt oI.ot I tntlitatul ta good deal that tlight itn iay bank tlld eleck. It was a ilart of tihe wcorhit to retedor fa~lay nctato ihorrilalo nltoaght Itelow IIt it Iloi citatuooon to dhisteellotlmlwtih tihe ilgiit groalaadtng of tVto ialhotrilta g illlt ihalinltaly iieotactlholy tritit tiho lasky Illthttg Iltat Ihovrerll aoan tlss.sltinal tutao trotla titt allekilel laid isatll, nntd ittoxprcsslhby tntncoltlaorittl o atith tita Inltinltgs of wuttr tlrotlag'tito setutlea itnto tha bittks antlht o sh' aofIlllo IaICuk irilto to otd Pr,, to taad fro, alpo the cahhit loor; bait itidaoot itonllrablo etl dock syliicla youa ,cegt to truth irola such wtrutl 0o you rolatll get oatt of yoatr hiaakoth, mati arllcro yaa foalabl ito thlackalete fatti of tiulaacr antt frost antt elect' aid sotea anital theo ariiat ottd tlatcay eover taslte tltid aiglitt relioiltla, like at t'olatiito cratloston, ta tho tiala, 1Ilutleialt itlltlotaihlv tatal of aur tlltafelnllt tai? r tOl d; ta lo tlio deth aittl the wci~lat of a great building coming down all at onse and with ia run. WIly asn I hero? tloughtIt. What i this sort of lifo goingto do for mot Had wn struck the icobegu this afternoon wo should lavo been telescoped into about an eighths prt of our longtl, as you close te tubes of it spy.gloll, aid gone donat like a deop.sea lead with no'er, a fnlgmentof anything to survive n as sa hisnt of our rnd, so that what had become of US would, at home, have remained to otrienlty a matter of idle coojecturo. Wly amn I hsro thought I. How irnlch am I eotilng? eIIaven bIdess al two ounlds a nmooth onll I How uch ihas tis tranillg cost my father ? Above two hundred guinlleas premiums, not to speak of outflts, mnose nonre, und thi like which I durst not attompt to assess. or winat flag do I toil? Thsn I luedith ted to the ancompnaitment of that Clap Horn gale. Well, the weather mnodertted next day ot dawn ; t shinelp wals got before it, thie roofed foresail set, is eoulla of reefs shke out of the mao i topsail, and awn drove th nuobl oNld fabric, surgilng tlrough tla swollen knolls of yelstn wit the headlong hurry of a' creaturo mad in lcer yealrnings for the asn. TIhe decks were to be wasled down. The poop wis nmy p nrticulrcaro; for ins third mlnto it woas ly busieos to receive the water lhnded In buckets front it little ptulp before or abaft tili mizzen isoot--I forget which--mid rosh it aloing, oalllng npon thie middies to I scrb hlindsonely whilat I say thaIt every portion of tell leek was thoroupily cleansOed. Wo cWrried lisit. coois ol eitlher sido toe poop; under tile h"encoops were battncs designed to prevent tlie dirt of tile coops from sifting out oiln to the clea planks whsen the ship was on a winld or whelr she rolled In washing downa these battenos,werd always roeuoved to enable thoe wter to awlop freely under the coops. The captain ~o les on deck,'ts asual, pacing to whid.' ward isn pair of glnches inod Iis high liat, hicl seemed to cling to his hdead with this teoacity of a sote'-wvester. Thoe liop being weahed down, I fell half frozen, eail in a very ugly temper, to repinlc in the batsles, but oneo was cissieg. I looked about for it, but it wss nownhere to lie sen. captloin 'ila was bs nslllrious ia rogue lls over saved nmoey out of nautical cheese-plari g; the loss, thncreforo of an old piece of wood would necessoarly affect him ts at very considerable blow. raucoIano To no DelUrY. o" Vhere's the batten, Mr. lRussell " he roared. " I don't know, air." "Dt onn't knsow I t you t f ktlan low !" he slinatel with his fSce Ilke a inorth- west mooa in th German Ocean. " Where is it, sir t" " I am nfraid it is ovehrboard,"'sad I. " By a-!" Ihe hellowed, "t if it is ovorboard, you go after it l" I ran mSy yes from hIis gsloches to is fiery lnimple of a niose. "tind It, sir l. lisd it !" ho screonoed, brieg ilg his feet with i sqtuneleliing blow of tie galoele downoll lisa deck. I wanlkedl fonrwardn , nd nftor parlaklng of a cup of coffee with tise bonatswin in his berth, I returlned to the poo s refreshed, warndr onl re. solved. I walked right up to the skipper. Nope, Ml r. N-," said I, not condescend ing to terlisilm capinil, to whiich titla no ship. master ias riight, I'v olhad elnough of scil-. faring, and as I propose to ahbandon thIe life when I reach tho TLhamsnes, I think I may as well coil up and stopl short just ihcr." "Go below, sir " lie roared. Y.ou'vu treatcd mes very rudely." I con tiuued, astonished by mny own daternadna tios, "and have shso?n yourself utterly incapable of dlistinguishinsg betwe Ipersons. Your niaster has hIad l very grent deal of mloney out of myr father, is 'you know, sisd if tlero were nioreo to lie obiainced I dol't qillestion that you would haveo used nso very ililech nore civilly. Sir, I'm sick of the sels, sick of thls ship, and sick of eai;" Sand so sLyillg I wlkeCd off tile oopl, leauvinlg the old chap salecldess irith nirage. I oftens wonder I dild lnot canne is dealth. Iiohsd heart disseea, nulo droplped dead at his doorsaotn after tihe arrival of tio shlilp in the ,'T'husles. IHllf iln hounir lfter, thIe steward cILme to the midlshiline 's bertsh uiid told niO thIe calptuin vasted ine. I went atst to Iis cbidli, where I founldhimn sitting ait the table. soan his white hair now, contrastillg with Ilia purplel fiSe, alld remember his oln maskintosh swingll ig aIglinst lthe bulklead wvithl his hst on top of it, looking exactly like him ans though indeed ho had smnged himself. li' ofileil loige.ook wras be fore him. ".Yoll refuse dutyI." . "elost onmphiatiealiy," said I. On that Ies " loggod'" coo, and thlen I wnlt aboutmybusiness. ",, , : I was suplised to be on bread nnd water for tile rest of the tine, but I manaoged pretty -vell on the eabin leavings, througlh tipplg thle stow ard. All the way Ilonlie I nover did It hilrder stroke of work than cluttillg sps stilks of Cavesi. dish toll:leaco and snlakillng fie. I fact, as I have said, I was sick of ilse lifo; hilt slnce then, thanksa probably to ai course of slring mattresses, good roast beef, dry clothes, rest o' niights, nind total freedosI from tlhe obligitios of serubbing Iplanks ansd tarring rigng, I Ihaveo discovered that the ocean is not wvo llyv wirhout romssnee. Let thie ghost of my old skilpper. hnowever, cnnsider itself avrelged, for I believe I owe the rheIumatismI tllnt ils isillictel mne now most conscientiously for thie last four years wholly to ai trick of sitting to lIlto on tihe cookhig-hatchl of a tight, simoking annd yrndug nwith allyo ne I could ldetlin throulsls icer loatlhing of the cabinhl below? in whvclh I was supposed to be imprisoned. CrIANIt IuerLa.. 