IttoveltsL The Midnight Prophecy OR, i i HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS.'. i',' 1 i By Emma Garrison Jones,: - ?? ' CHAPTER XII. » KO.wri.U3; ? The coui-tess*au-l Judith drew near . Hie little fiirm-hoiise. It was a pretty, still? \- place, a box of . a cottage all over, hung : ? wtOt irimittug creepers, with quaint lat i . ? ticcd windows,. and sloping caves, beneath' t w hich the wrens and' martins twittered. I . A s'lttare, green j'ard, shaded by a giant r ?- oak, beneath which an old man, wearing i * the simple garb of a Tyrol peasant; sat, . i 1 tinkering at a broken slieep-bell, which lie h was vainly trying to mend! . 1 II i . _Y ? ~ — ? ? Y- ? J ll. ? ha X n ? ;r- ? .» .-\a sue npp.ruuuuuu- u»u muftui-gstiu, uw ? l) .Munteas grew deadly white, and leaned ? I., l.eavilyon Judith's arm for support. -' v i' Oh, Judith,™ slio murmured. 'how i- . eanuhar evciything aceins 1 I feel as if I ? i ? jad lived here » . 1-. ? ' Vcsf my jady,' replied the girl, her ; ? own checks very. pale, and her voice uu . Mcatly ; ' uiero's not one thing different ; ; | p even -remember the .peculiar make: of ? i . [ ? ohe windows, and that smooth, worn stone v i at thedoor. Oh, it is very strange, 1'.' I They opened the wicket anil crossed. the v i. -recti yard. Tlie old peasant dropped his I j. irtll. and rose to: his: feet at their ap i i preach.: _. _ i | .1' My lady is faint this morning,' spake j ' Judith. .'' Would you lie good cqbugh to | ret her have a drink of fresh, milk ?' : . i i ' A v, ay; 1o.be sure ' ? replied the old i . i mail, nothing incessantly. Come- in, come i i in; my old woman's, layiiig the dinner i : i - imw — come right in.' : j \- I i . They followed him across the smooth . :V stone step, aud through the vine-shaded :? - doorway ; and there, ill the con ti e of the' I I white, sanded floor, stood a square table, j ! ?* set out with ahining pfwtcr platters, ; | . . . Lady- Ltrathspey gasped Iter breath, and ?!?. ? i clung tightly to Judith's arm.; . i .t ? l - The' w-tfe,- who »a]t in* the chimney 1 !: i 1'mucr, with her spectacles on jlicr nose, . .t i rose. up witli a startled exclamation. i iv ' \Vhy, blesirnie alio cried,, seizing :? i ! ' upofi the countess, and asaisliug her to a i ivat on the wooden settle. Poor.thingl ! vhat oils her- 1' -? ' ? ? J ; . ' She's ill and faint,' explained Juitli, | i 'and came to beg a drink of now ' nilk.' i i '? And she shall have it,' continned the ! ! ? : jldwbman; 'but sit ye down yourself,' I ' 1 die added, glanfiiJg at Judith'a whito i s l jl.eeka. ' Ye- arc like a pair of ghosts, i ' i -itli of yo. O/toc, eit down, and I'll i v avc tlio dinner .on the table in a' wink, j i I'ja the very thiiig, t'«r, .us'Il suit : ye. be I i Vailing— chiekeirbroth aiidjluiiipliiigs, i : 1 ijid a drop of beer to wash it down ; my ' n.| mail always wauls it when lie's ailiiig. v./me, sit yo^dovvil , v .luditb obeyed, sitting down beside her mistress, and the woman flew about, get . ling her savory meal upon the table, while Iter husband sat oh the si one door-sill, \- slapping ut the flies tliut buzzed ill the noon sunlight. Presently a gleeful shout and a ripliug burst of childish laughter broku U|mu the silence, and from u little hack bedcham ber a little fellow, some three summers old. cauio dancing into the room, ° fleeing the strangers, he cuiiio to a sud den halt, Uii'l 'stood Jjku a statue, his scarlet smock-frock disclosing his round, bare legs and dimpled feel, and a queer JltlJo cap, ornamented vvilli. a long feather surrnouuiiog It is head, with III « (irofm-o flsieii riiiglels. There he stood, his great blue eyes. vide with childish wonder. ' Why, Jloujulii », cried Ihe old woman, ' can't yo say how d'ye do to (he ladies ! Have yo forgot your niiinnurs 1' Jlomulus doffed hia plumed cap, and di)iped;lila curly flaxen Jie id, 'How d'ye , do, ladies?' he said, obediently. J , Auliu sound of flic siveef, lisping voice, tbo countess, wlm bud sat since the child's eppcarance like one turned to stone, tillered a pal Idle cry, olid springing fur wnrd, caught liio boy to her fcoaom, ' ' Oh, my baby I my lost darling ! my , ew ii prucicus child !' she cried, between her bursting soba sml passionate kisses j i 'I knew I should liud yon. you precious , lost Iambi' ' The old peasant and hit wife stood iliundarstruck but tlio littJo folloir, iw thing dauntedr wound hia chubby - urm« about thelady'anwk, and jpufeiilarudd^ Do:i'tky !' hu lisped, entruatingly ; ' Uomiuio 'likes lady Ir-Rbinmic likes herl' | , ' Do yo acc,i old man 1' quoth tlie wife to ller ~ husband, her voice : full of | (lain.. i' What did 1 toll yo the niglit yc found 'him I Didn't I say,, just as we got .jour, hearts set on him some fine folks would como in and anatch him; away ? ? ,Ycs, I did ; and I wish yo'd loft him to tho|milch: goat, tliat ldo.' ' ? 1 i | Whereupon, leaving her dinner! dnly half-dished, she- sat down, and carrying licr apron to her eyes, began to cry her-; self.. v ./? ' ? . I I ? -. The boy's quick' eyes soon noticed her, and clambering .down from Lady : Strath-: alley's knee, he ran to lier aide. 1 J ..'Don't oo ky, -grand-mudder,' |he pleaded, tugging at her aprbn ; 'Romniie likes grand-mudder, too. v ; ? I! ? The old man caught him up in iliia: arms. . ? : | ? ' Jfe'a mine ! the boy's mine!' he said, almost savagely ; ' and I'll give liim! up! to one. Ilia father and mother abandoned him to tlio mercy of my milch goat, land lie's, mine. , : ' ? i ' : II The countess and' Judith both uttered a simultaneous cry at this confirmation of their strange dream.: ?. ( I. The old man regarded them with angry suspicion. . . i ' . I I ' ? 'My good women,' he said, ('(what does all this mean? Can't ye (explain yourselves, and fell me what's the mat ter?' ' II ?By a strong effort Lady Strathspey con trolled herself and wiped the . streaming tears from licr cheeks.' J; J ' Jly good sir,' she replied, ' j the ex planation I have to give to you is a strange one, whicli possibly you may not believe — indeed, 1 cannot. believe- it at| tiinos. myself ; but my maid here can' bear me out in whatT.have to say.' !? |, Whereupon she related all thej myster ious circumstances of the disappearance of her babe on thejnight of; his birth ; and also the strangeldream which Judith had first dreamed and then herself, j | . ? And tlie old* man' and his wife listened in speechless amazement, while ihe Bum mer sunshine crept slowly overthe sanded floorfimd the savoury dinner; grow cold upon the table. - When she had finished they sat looking into1 each other's faces in utter consternation. ; j : ' It must be' that' God sent : us . tlio dream,' continued the countess, *' for it haunted me day and night evei sincel I could not rest one moment. And this morning tlio instant my oyes beheld this place I knew it^uid I know asjsurely, al though another usurps his place, that the lioy ia hiy own, the babe who was stolen from my arms in the very hour (if his birth, the rightful heir to the Earldom of Strelhspey Towers. | ' And now, my good people,' she con-, tinued, ' 1 have told: you my strange story, and I implore you fo let mo hear yours.. Tell nio how and when you came 'by this child ; aiid I pray there may 'be some proof by. which lean restore linn to his rightful place.' ! The old couple sat in utter silence for a, few 'moments, overwhelmed by what tliey hid heard. The idea that it was a young earl they had fostered tilled them with absolute affright. The old man spoko at.liisi. ? . ? 'Old woman.' ho said, dratving a long breath, and resuming his scat on the door, sill, you arc ? glibber of tho tongue than 1 am— you fell the Btory. The old woman put ltoniulus'froiu her knee, aud wiped her eyes with her apVon. . ; ' J; ? .'Talk of being glib of tongue now,' she began, ' after hearing! such a story as her—\vhy,'the very memory's beat out of inb. ' I do declare it reminds rue of- tho old stories in the Bible 'bout tlio days of tlio Apostles, But I'll do tho best lean, your . highness,' she * continued, ; bowing profoundly to the aiouiitesa ; 'and if liiy memory he bad I'll stick to tlie truth : ''If was on the tenth of January ; T re member that well, 'cause |our red hefer hail a' calf on- Now Year'B Day— and on that very morning the !old.|man: says,' 'Old woman, tho red heifer's calf be ten day's old to-day, arid you. cah -begin ! to steal a mite of the drippings— you 'tend to Iter and I'll go and look after(tlio!goats.' So I Went kown- to tlio cattlo-slied, ; and milked the drippings, iihd fed the lieifcr, and came home and laid out diuner. ! By that time liore comes the old inan 'all of a flutter. 4 Molly,' he said, 4 the head milch goat. is missing ;' and inothieg would do but I must go and liolp .him hunt her. 44 \Volli away w'o went,' and a pretty tratnp we had I Through tbo valleys, nnd up the. mountains, till I thought I should drop in my shoes. At lost, way on tc'-* ward sundown, we. spies her, perched on the. top of that bald cliff at tho loft yonder.' ' ' .|vi I ; \- ' Oh, my lady 1'' ojaculated Judith. ? 44 Go on, my good wjomaii,' urged tlio countess..'' ' ' -Well, there she ho; jimhed right atop of the cliff., 4 Why, old woman,' says the olil man, 'sho's got kids' W.hu'd a thought it 1 You must go up siid bring lliumtion n in yeur nprun, while 1 fetch her down.1 44 So up wo tiissledj' tny very bones ach ing with pain, and Ixird bless you,' my dear lady, what d'ye 'sposoiwe Buw when we reached liar ? Not a; kid; but a litllo, llve baby,' and it a sucking tho'goat,'aiid iu dear little mouth iill wot with the' ''Lady Strathspey covered ilicr face, con vulsive sobs slinking her Lfrom head to '°'i didn't feel lily aches a bit after that,' the old woman went on ; 41 J takea up tho child, ami the old man ahouldera tlie milch-guifr,' and down we coiuo.' 44 The clothes !' gasped the countess. Have you the chillies, the child bad on when you found him ? | 4 yM, J kept them. ' 'J hey insy he of use to the child oiio of these days,' says tho ohl mail. 'Bui- that day, as I was Loll in' ye, wo brought the child homo, and do you know my old man he takes the milch goat right into my hock room, and tlioro he keeps her, ouly turning Iter out to graze once in awhilo, and the baby lie sucked tlml goat for nix round inniilhi,. and I never .see a child thrive a a liu did, 44 My old man used to he bookjarned when he was young,' she wont on, glano lug admiringly at the old shepherd on the sunny door step, 'and ho says hu'a read nl a hoy us a wolf suckled, and lib was called Jlomulus— SO nothing would do but the baby he named after him. So llornuluii is- Ids unine,' - ? Hho paused an.instant, hor Hps quiver. We're hp children of our own, ' she went on, at la«t, Iter voiee. shaking, --Wo had aboyonoe, aii-i'omi»i»K« lad asever lijuijvhut how wo.look to tins cliiliU 'Heaven has sent him, 'The old inanadul, 4 to cheer us in ounold .ngc.' Wo'vo dl-no tho best w£ could:for him, and it's likb teanugout our hearts to give him .'up, tiut, hearing your story, I'm convinced that hoVyour clnld, and Heaven sent yc-tolfind him.' The old'man drew the wondbring boy to his arms, and resting bis old forehead on his ficucn head, sobbed like a child. '. Lady -Strathspey wasdeeply moved. ?' My dear, good friends,' she] said, 'don't grieve novfr I'm not going to tike the child from you. I shall- want you to keep him for mc, a long timo, perhaps, until I can get proofs, and all that, to establish him in his right place* Vou have never heard aright in regard to him, or found out jiqw.be. came to tho mountain, I suppose ' ?m| ? ' 'Nevera word, my lady,'jr.cplied tbe old man, brightening up at the prospect of keep* iog the child.' J 'My lady,' whispered Judith, jat this junc*J tore, 'here comes Lord Strathspey.' f The countess arose in consternation. . ? I 'It i9 my husband,' she exclaimed, 11 butr I do not wish him to know abdiut the child| yet. Please take him away.' . , The old woman caught up: tho boy, and rushed info' the adjoining roorh'? closing the .door after; her. ' !? 1 KTake this,' criedliSdy Strathspey, draw ing a purse from her pocket, add forcing it into'tbe old man's band ; ' I will come again soon. Be, good to my boy, andinay Heaven bless you.' . . She reached tbe wicket jqs| in time to meet the earl. He looked at] her flushed oheeks and swollen eyes' in amazement. ' Marguerite,' he said, as he ^rew herarm Through his. ' I was so impatient I came to seek you. For Heaven's sake, tell me- what, all this means ? -What do youjkiiiow of these people? What ails you?'! ' i j , 'Trust '.me, dearest Angus^',' jpbe sobbed, clinging to^his arm; 'you shalFknow all soon '—only trust me.' *. ?? tt; And the earl conducted! berjjback to the waiting carriages, with the awful- suspicion growing -stronger and stronger in* his mind that Docton jllenfrew |was right, and his wife' was indeed in danger of iw sanity. ' a; ? . Lord Strathspey rode backtolxis iodgings, besides tlie bewitching Lady| Cecilia, in moody silence. All the spirit land .zest of the' morning bad* left him, and t|e fair siren' put forth; her charms. and sorceries in vain; be scarcely^noticed her, and forget to: reply to her when she spoke. . She drove her spur into her., horse's flank, and «seta bqr white teeth together in rage at herowiilill-succcss. My Lady Cecilia was very .vain, and nothing so exasperated bcr as to have ier charms underrated^' But she was likewise very reso lute, arid she concluded to let (the] moody carl ride ou in silence and biqc her time. For as sure as the afternoon sunlight lay warm and bright upon the grccrj. valleys o£ thc.Tyzjol/^bould that self-same jpoody earl —this , man* whb',' had dared, years before, to trifle with her— be brought'downijat her very feet aud made to expiate his! folly in .Back cloth and'ashes. Had Lady Cecilia forgot ten ?' Had? the memory of Jthosi old -.days at Cavendish Manor faded from lilcr ?— those fresh, hbpetiil days, when she s^w al coro net glimmering above her regal brows 'and a life of love and triumph outstretching be fore her] ?T i . ' : | ? Ho women like her ever forget a wrong or a disappointment ? My lady sct| her white tecth.'aud arched bcr graceful neck, and her blue-blactf ieyes glittered With !k baleful, phosphorcHcent light,' as-she galloped along by the carlVsidc. j ? | 'j t; CHAPTEU XLII. :IT WiUCU THE i*IEi: rAOa. . : .But the carl was all uhconsciQus, absorbed in his own Cbittcr reflections*, ^trathspey, earl that was, as we have, said, was a trifle superstitious, and in addition, -aj little in clined to be^jealous and. over-exacting. And with alljbis profound pity and tcrior at. the thought j that his lovely countess was ou the Verge . of insanity, he still felt angered and injured.becapse she had — even in his wander ings, as he' believed—dared to* haVe a secret whi jh.slic kept from binw ? . . Hercsolvcil to get at tho s bottom of the whole matter; . and as' soon as hdj had seen Lady Cccilia'and his family safe.lyiquartercd in their lodgings, he strode out of the house, and remounting his weary. Aralx galloped straight jacross the Tyrol 'Valleys to the shepherd's cyltagc. | ; ? \- Tbe obi wife saw him coming Ibcforc he reached the* wicket, aud, being a woman possessed ofj-sharp wits, she divined .the object of his: visit; and, catchib(n up? little RomulusJ wlio sat beneath the great oak in the afternoon sunlight, she wbiskql him ofE to the cattlc-'shcd, wOkrc bcr husband rwas', and was back agmn in thel cottage door by! the timejytho earl bad dis-* mounted i ..-'.v '-.' Jie strode through the wicket snd across, the yard, haughty nnd stern. j ? j . ' ily good womat*,'! he began J without' salutation or preface, 'I have come here to ask yoii a! question, and I want a {straight forward answer.' 'My lord; my poor tbiigue is at your grace's service,1! simpered! the old woman, with ,a deep courtesy, chuckling^ all the while, in iher sleeve, at the irate peer. J 11 The countess, my. wife, was herqto-dny,' continued I^ord Strathspey, waving aside the scat jsbc offered himi ' and l|waut to know what she came for.' -.1 'ForaUlrink of new milk, yopr honor, rcspondedtbo woman, glibly. . j Silence I',' thundered, the carl,^rowi|g black with passion. I want no.p'fcvnrica tbn. . Tell mo what my; wife wants of you, aadjou of her.' I ?' 'Why;; bless *my soul,- your, grace, ''re- plied the old woman, her gray eycafall of a twinkle, Ml only know she is. the Oountess. of Strathsjicy, and wife to your JlbrdsUip, 'cause thci maid told mo the same, and asked' me for the dritik of fresh milk, her ladyship being faint— that's all,' j ''fist false,' continued tho angrjf noble man, 'aud you fcnowit, Didn'ttbncounlesii come out U) mo, all flushed aud toar4tnlned. Toll itio what excited her so I've a right to know, ' . Tell mc, or— 1*11 make you.' ? b ' The old woman fgirly chucklodi in his face,- j 'My lord,' she sai-l, ' bo yo tho'kingon his throne, my tongue's my owu,niidijioono, whether peer oMpasant, can' make H wag, Why don't ye ask your wife ?' * ] 'The earl was well-nigh choking |Wltb ikassion, for, like all his racu before him, be had n hot, unreasonable tciupur. 1 (it had been a nmn. lic would hnvo' struck hltn down with tho butt of Ids whip ; being a woman, he strode away nnd- left her. Hut at the wicket a second thought struck him, and ho turned back, 'My good woman,' ho said, Inking a heavy purse from his pocket as jift spoke, ' I have strung reasons for finding out what it is that troubles my wife, I'm- afraid her mind Is Inipairid— take this, aud tell mo what brought her here,' i 'J'hooJd woman eyed tha yellow gold with another chuckle, , ' I've nothing iu tell your grace,' she re plied,: 'and if 1 had, your gold wouldn't make my tongue wag no sooner than 'your bard words,' [ ' Ourso you r' muttered tbo earl, under bis brervtb. and, striding back to tho wlcknt, he vaulted into Ida saddlp. and was on the point of galloping off, when a Httlo figure, in a scAriet imook. anfl plumod cftp, shot up rfghfrltfforA Ids liome'1 feef» , '= „ , - ;sv|b# Wfl Wl *' Get from under my horse's feet, will I you?' ??.-}? M Uommic not undcrjhe feets,' replied the little fellow, -looking iup fearlessly at the fine horse and its wrathful rider. Something in the finely cut face, and great sea-blue eyes, and profuse flaxen curls made the nobleman's lieart thrill. He gazed down, for #an instant, into the child's face, like oflc bewildered. . ' Great Heaven, *'? bo muttered, M what a likeness. 'Tis Lady Pearl s face over again. Little man, who are you ?' - ' I'm Kommie, I lives wid grandmuddcr,' answered, the boy, fearlessly. ' ' Ah I \Vell, you're a fine lad for a pea sant's son— get out of my way.'* .? And away went thelbafllca peer, iike.the wind.pondcringmocdilyandns he ptradeicd, with the boy's face mirrored inbis memory, a horrible idea flashed through bis mind, piercing his heart like- a poisoned . blade; and almost making him reel in bis saddle. It did not occur Ito the Countess of Strathspey .that she bad forgotten to . ask the peasant woman if there was a birt-h mark on the, boy's arm', until after Bhc had snugly settled in her chamber for the night ; and then her regret and impatience knew no bounds.* She would have stolen forth, and made her way tp j the cottage through the 'darkness of the.night, but for Judith, who implored, and alaiost compelled. her to forego the visit till the morrow. But when the morrow came, what was the poor -woman's consternation to bear that the earl bad taken. a sudden resolve to go tip to 'Sevcnoak Grange, in Cumberland, for ^tbc shooting season, and had made his preparations to set outiat once. It was all in vain that she begged him to defer* the journey a day or two, on account* of her feebleness ; he i watched her. with a suspicious look in his moody eyes, , and replied coldly that he would start at. once ; if .she1 were able 4 to go rambling over the fields to shepherd's hiitis, she could'ccrtainly bear; the journey to jSevenoaks,- and lie was sure tbe Cumberland air would do her cool. ; ? i The', poor countess was almost frantic, land watched in Vain .for some chance io steal out and make .her way to the pottage, but the carl's, eye; followed her every . raovcmcntj and'iih half an hour the cairiages were at the door. ? 'Never -mind, . myj i lady,'- whispered Judith, as she assisted at her toilet, ' when we get to Scvenoaks you can send mc down or manago it some way^don't betray your self now-; my lord is already angry and sus picious.' ' . \ | . And with a pang of ^unutterable pain, the . countess saw that Judith's words were true; the face of. the husband she loved a thou sand times better than licr own life, was full of anger and grief; the. eyes;. that hitherto had ever regarded her with looks of tcuderes't love, -.now] watched her with covert aud suspicious -glances. (i*o in-: contixuki).') 