RAM sBLI? AMIONGST THE s t WILD FLOWERS OF TAS- g 'M.ANIA. l (Br FLoass.) f No. 7.-SEPTEMBER. t " Beautiful nurelings of the early dew, Fanned in your loveliness by evory breeze, And shaded o'er by green and nrohing trees, I often wihed that I were one of you Dwelling afar upon the grassy leas I love ye all." 1 One of the most extensive, attractive, and magnificent of all the floral kingdoms i is perhaps the Orchis family-orchids, o Orchidevw. The stiange way ill which f these plants mimic various members of the i anuial kingdom is as wonderful as it is I curious. Bees, flies. spiders, monkeys, and even thohuman form itself are all imitated in the most extraordinary manner. One of the most curious and interesting of this l tribe of plants is the orchid called Flor del Espiritu 'Santo, or the flower of the Holy e Ghost. It is not a Tasmanian plant, but it is so curi us that it may well intro. duce this peculiar tribe of plants. J. IC Lord, in his "Naturalist in Vancouver's Isldnd," thus descrihees one which he seaw growing in the garden of the Panama hail. way Company :-"-The blossom, white as Parian marble,rcesembles the tulip in form ; its plerfume is not unlike that of the magnolia, but more inteneo. Neither its beauty nor fragrance begat for it the highi reverence in which it is held, but the image of a dove placed in its centre. Gathering the freshly opened flower, and pulling apart its alabaster petals, there sits the dove ; its slender pinions droop listlessly by its side; the head, inclining gently forward as if bowed in humble subpmission, brings the delicate beak, just blushed with carmine, in contact with the snowy br, ast. Meekness and innocence seem embodied in this singular freak of nature." Early in the spring in Tasmania many very pretty orchids make their appearance. Theleaves of orchids always havethe veins running in straight lines from top to bottbom of the leaf (parallel). This is a distinguishing feature, and shows them to belong to a class called Endageous. They grow on the ground, and sometimes on other plants (epiphytal); they have gene. rally very showy flowers. The stamen and etyld grow together (connate); anther nearlyalways only one; seeds very small, enclosed in a loose netted skin ; the root has two tubers, double tubered, from which ciroumstance the family derives its name. An early species of this family is that called " Green tops," plerostylis pedunre. Ila:; stoem leafless at time of flowering; sheathing scales scattered along the stemn; flowers usually solitary ltalked, green out. side; stem smooth, lip fringed; flower less than one inch, erect, not drooping. These are also called Helmet orchids. Another Helmet orchid is the p?erostylisracox. The lip is pointed; root leaves wanting; flower large, over half an inch; flower solitary, another early visitor, is the white lipped lilac orchid, Olossodia major, a very conspicuous and beautiful species very common overywhere. Its name is derived from the Greek, meaning like a tongue; within the flower there is the representas, tion of a tongue. The stem is downy; flowers one or two, blue, rarely pink or white; lower half of lip white and hairy. In the orchid family the coloured leaves which form the flower are six in number; the whole six are called the Perianth (around a flower), and each piece is called a sepal; throee are internal, and three external. Of the three internal sepals or divisions two are at the side (lateral); these are alike ; the third internal sepal is lower down (inferior), and differs from the others in form and size, and is called the lip (labellum). From the centre of the flower rises the columa which is composed of the style and the filaments united into a solid body, and which bears on its front (anterior) and upper (superior) surface a hollow covered with glands, which in the stigma, and on its top is an anther, with two openings. It is rather dificult for a beginner to recognise the parts of an orchid. The three outside (eiternal) sepals are variously expanded at the upper part of the flower, where they form a sort of helmet. Recollect there are six divisions to the Orchis flower-three inside, two side sepals alike, the lower one different and larger called the lip (labollum) ; tihe leaves, when present, generally near the root, with straight (parallel) veins. The double.tailed Orchids are curious, Diuris. The flowers are stalked, sepals verynarrow (linear), lengthened lip, yellow or blotched, andshorterthan thosepals. Diuris longi. folia. long-leaved double-tailed Orchid; perianth yellow clouded with red, lower sepals bent back (reflexed), lip smooth, flowers three to five, leaves two or three. This remarkable family of plants are not very rich in com mercial products, but some yield the well known. salep and vanilla. Salep is a nutritious food used by the Turks and Persians; it is a starch (fecula) obtained from the tubers of orchis mascula, the early purple orchlis--one of the most abundant of British orchids; it also grows plentifully throughout Europe and the east. In the " Philosophical Transac tions," vol. 59, page 1, Mr. Moult describes the metood of making Salep. He says, the best time to gather the tubers is when the seed is formed, and the stalk is going to fall, for then the new bulb, from which Salep is made, is arrived at its full size. The new roots are washed in water, the outer skin removed, and then set on a tin plate in an oven heated to the degree of a bread oven. In six, eight, or ten minutes they will have acquired a transparency like horn, without being diminished in size.: They are thus to.be removed into a room i9 dry and harden, which will be done in a few days, or they may be finished in a slow heat in a few hours. These bulbs when dried vary from the size of a cherry stone to that of an olive, and are very dili. cult to pulverise. When reduced to powder it is dissolved, like other starch, in water, milk, or broth, sixty parts of liquid to one of starch. It is employed.in the East as a restorative and powerful analeptic. In Poland the decoction is used in almost all diseases. It is higlly nutritive: Dr. O'Shaughnessy states that two drachms •afford a suflicient meal for an invalid. Good Salep, carefully prepared, is in truth one of the best articles of diet a convalescent can use. The tubers of our Tasmanian species might be profitably used for. the same purpose- another new in dustry worth cultivating. Teomanian Saleo Vanilla is the fruit of an orchid called Vanilla plarsfolia. It is a twining plant amongst trees in damp, shady places ir Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Guiana; it is culti vated en Cayenne, St. Domingo, Mauritius, and Ceylon. "Vanilla is an aromatic sub stance, cordial, balsamic, and corroborant it saises thie spirits, warms the stomach, facilitates digestion, and restores thie gas trio forces when impaired; It strengthens the atrmneh, intestines, and heart r gives asrengLb end octivity to the brain and the mental lpowers, and is therfi re recoum mended to hypochondriacs. This substance is rare and expensive. Not more than four or five Iundredweight are imported into Britain annually, and the price is from L5 to £6 per lb." "Pleasant to the sight and good for food." Label-Order 81, orchidere 1758-Pleroetlylis pedurelasta. 788--Glossodia major. 802--Dlurls longifolia. 