NEW SOUTH WALES SPORT. Faov Our Own Omnraran, Stdnrt, Hood?. I cannot say that we have had an ever buny time ot it during the past week, though there ' has been plenty of raciog cf a kind. Last Tuesday the Sydney Hoot Club held a race meeting at Warwick Farm, which was, with out a doubt, the poorest gathering that we have heard of for a long time. Like all who have little to do, and wish to make a came tot themselves, they brought themselves under the notice of tbe racing public iti a manner that more prominent bodies would not care about doing. The principal race attracted three starters —Touchstone, riddra by Jock Fielder ; Charcoal, ridden by Jack Gainsforth ;and Crmsus, ridden by T. MCartby, jun. The betting chiefly lay between Touchstone And Croesus, the latter going oat favorite, while Charcoal was quoted at 4 to L When the flag fell Croesus jumped away in front, and doing his beat all the way, never allowed either Charcoal or Touchstone the ghost of a show, and won by lengths. Mow, one of the committee stated before tbe horses went out, " that if Touchstone did not win, the rider would be brought up." He kept to hie word, for all t hive were brought up, After s lengthy investigation it was allowed to stand over until tbe next da; (Wednesday), when tbey disqualified Gains forth, the nier of Charcoal, and Teddy Keys, tbe owner, for 22 months. Keys also trained Touchstone. Mow there is pot a racing man who was present that does not condemn the verdict. The rac> was a fair one. and the beet horse on tb< day undoubtedly won. I had not the slightest doabt in my mind about the issue of tbe race, having seen Crocus do such excellent work on the training track. I understand that the matter is to be brought before the A.J.C., when it is to be hoped they will refuse to endorse such an uncalled for verdict. The result of the verdict is teat it has caused Mr Knight to break op bis string of horses and aeud them to the hammer. On Saturday a very enioytele meeting was held at Warwick Farm. The at tendance was good, and the sport up to the mark. The constant old hurdle horse Bellrimrer, added another winning bracket to his record in the Hurdle Race, fcr which he and Ogre started favorite at 7 to 4, and ran first and sraond. The favorites for the George's Kiver Handicap were Pugilist and Nonsense, both of which were quoted at 3 to L The winner, however, turned up in Cumuiis- sinner, a Newcastle horse, trained by Jim Hinoks, who was at one time with Mr .John Mayo. Nonsense got sccond, and Steel Arrow third. The Face Welter went to Sara Fielder's recent purchase. Cascade, and the Flying Handicap to Insignia, a half brother to the defunct V.K.C. Derby winner, Ensign. Insignia originally Ixuonged to Tom Payten. but he disposed of bim lately to hiss near neighbor, Harry llaynor. who thus speedily got return for his outlay. Tbe Felon and Mormon finished a dead heat for the Auction Race, but m the run off young Mat Dunhey proved too clever for Sielev, and landed .The Felon home half ahead in front, _ Last Thursday the Singleton Jockey Clnb held a race meeting, which was very largely attended both by the local people and visitors from Newcastle and Muiiland. Quicksilver won the Flying Handicap and Toronto tbe Mutual Selhug Race, while the event of the day, the Singleton Handicap, went to llr T. Cook's You'll Do. Tlie owner of a horse called Guy Fawkep, scratched his horse nfter he had weighed out, which caused a disturbance. The committee took the matter up and fined him LDO.and declared all wagers off. This was quite unnecessary, an hackers must bave a start for the moiuy on the course. A two days' race meeting was held at the south district town of Jainberoo, last Wednes day and Thursday. On the first dav in tbe Jnraberoo Handicap, the places were filled by m&ngera;, Knight Templar and Young Kingston. On the second day in the Spring Handicap, the places were filled by Figtree, Araihystand Mangera. On the second day Young Kingston won two events, tbe Ladies Purse and Flying Handicap. The race meeting to be held at Rosebill on Saturday next prom'noB tn be a success. The total number of entries received fur tbe five events was 1.15. Last Wednesday nominations closed for the Summet Cnp, which forms tbo leading feature of the A.J.C. Boxing Day meeting. Tbe list shows a total of 77 names, against 72 last year. The lion. J. White has three nominated, viz., Rudolph, Sinecure and Lira. Melos, Arienal and Wycombe are in Mr Gannon's name. Manton, Antteus, Ben Bolt and Dunkeld are also m it. I almost believe that I could name the winner now before tbe weights are de clared. If nominations go for anything, the coming annual race mating in connection with Tattermli'n Club should be a great success. The club and all its officials, especially tbe secretary, are very popular with owners of horses. Last Monday was fixed upon for tbe closing of entries for the Carrincton Slakes, roo lor on the last day of next December, and Tattersall'a Cup, ran for on tbe first day of tbe new year. The list ot entries published is a very full one. and in botb events the names of most of our bst horses appear. There ore over 100 in the Carrtngton Stakes, run for at six furlongs. This will be run for over the new six furlong!3 course, upon which a horse, though the fk-M is numerous, will have a fair chance. The stayers are well re presented in the two mile event, Tattersall's Cup, though we mis the names of Abercorn, Australian Peer, Singapore, Dreadnought, Ac. There are some good names iu the lot, such as Dunkeld, Sinecure, Ben Bolt, Vespasia, Tom Brown, Arsenal, Manton and Wycombe. I had a look over Randwick the other after, noon, It looked a regular plain with all the fences lying down. Tbe surveyor had finished work and & start was bring" made putting up the. fences. While that ib being done there will be no galloping on ttse course, but the tan and inside tracks will nil be usable. However, ihty are not not needed much, aa the mjority of horspfi are racing once, if doc twice, a week in public, and the cracks arc all away at Flpmington, The work of lengthening the Grand Stand is xirogres&ing; very slowly. The contract time is nearly up, aud matters will have to be pushed ahead. Everyone is sorry at the seizure of the Hohartville Stud Farm. However, it was not unexpected, and no doubt the worthy old Squire, Mr Andrew Town, will come out of the matter all right. Messrs Hill and Long ore not the nnm tj den harshly with such a gentleman as Mr Andrew Town. All attention is turned this week In the doings of the horses at Flpmington and Caulfield. Last Saturday's record was a most satisfactory one to 11s. What will win the Caulfield Cnp is the main topic of conversa tion. I think Manton, The Charmer and Box are about tbe best in it. The first is a race horse, as he proved at our late A. J.C. Spring meeting. 