DEFINITIONS. Out leaden were invited to furnish definitions in verse or proee of tbe following words Madness, Men, Marriage, Meanness, Mirth, Mnslc; tbe verses not to exceed eight lines, and the prose definitions not to exceed forty words. We publish tbe fol lowing this week MADNESS. Tbe action of the mm who knows Indulgence daily in excessive drinking Will bring innumerable woes; And yet, with open eyea He to the dram-shop flies To drench himself with gin, Well knowing 'tis a sin. This la the height of madness I am thinking. PRIMROSE. To brave the anger of a hive of bees; To bathe where sharks infest the rock-bound ooast; To try toy night to catch a dozen Seas; To:" stick at nothing," i.e, stab a ghost; To eeek in an unprincipled M.P. A Modest Patriot or Man of Peace; To wed a vixen and expect that she From scratching like a cat will erer oease. Larkspur. me act of a sawney In saving the seeds Of thistles and dodder and drake; On land that is covered with cockspnr and weeds Expecting it cleaner to make. A cerebral crack or the qnip ol a quack, Or the yell of a swell who has fell On bis seat In the street through a slide or a ride OP an orange-peel under his leet. Jo Morns Wokurna. .The feelings of the gay young spark, Who kisses blindly fn the dark The prim old maid-of sixty-one; She acreams and showa her bitter hate, For sweets are bitter when too late. And rashness never goodness won. All mental blindness sure is madness. And leads to mental shame and sadness. B. S. S. To leave off advertising; to imagine yon can offend your mother-in-law, or play with a tigress with Impunity. COSHOS. Man. Pope was a man, a man who well defined When from the dictate of his thoughtful mind This wondrous being he essayed to call " Great lord of all tbinge vet a prey to all." Great In ins actions, terrible in wrath. Powerful as Hercules, yet, like tbe moth, laid prostrate by a feeble passing breath. In life heroic, cowardly In death. STUDENT. Marriage. M arrlAge Isjnstllke glue, A kind of strong adhesive gum or paste. B eally and truly you B eader should try its potent strength with haste, I f yon hare not so done. A man Is not a man witbont a wife. G o than ; of two make one, E agtge a wife and cleave to her for life. PAXXSKCS. | 