[ALL- EIGHTS BESEEVED.] A YEXËD INHERITANCE ,r.' i :».gy ANNIE S. SWAN, Author of "Twico Tried," "Across her Path," "Sundered Hearts," "Aldersyde," "The Gates of Eden," "Briar -JC. ^-'and Palm," :"ïreedom's Sword," Sc. ' ' .?ÍÜV» »L^->-- <? ?- ?. -?_ .».-.. :?CHAPTER I (continued).-FOREBODINGS. THESE is very;little to tell, my lady;" said the cook, more self-possessed than any of the-rest..'"Mrs. Foster was having her sapper with ns for company's aake, and when she went back to the nursery the baby was gone- spirited away, I say-f or no human being could take him. At first we thought Anne or Polly:was.iplaying a trick.on nurse-trying to frighten her for leaving him-but we soon found . there was nothing of that kind. We've searched high and low, my lady ; there isn't acorner of the house we haven't been into, nor'an. outhouse. We went through every blessed one with a lantern, but it was no use." Lady' Westray asked no more questions, Dufc walked slowly out of the kitchen and upstairs to the library. There was no faltering in her step, nor in her voice, when, she interrupted her husband's reverie by the expiring fire. " '. . " Baby is away, Hubert," she said in a quiet, low voice, and she sat down and looked at him with a dazed/vacáñt air. "Away to bed yon mean?" "No*;;.away" out 'of the house. ': They have lost him. Someone has taken him out of his crib. We shall-never see him' any more, I suppose. ' Poor Bertie! To'be lifted but of his warru bed and carried out into the dark night/ It was very cruel, Hubert, tohim as well to us." ¿í^tíbért' Westray ^sprang to his feet, his tall figure quivering with excitement, the veins in his forehead ^jstanding out like knotted cords. ;. Jg1,"That <vas her errand," he said. in.a low, thick ^whisper}'oblivious of his wife's unnatural calm. * "I ought to have known that revenge brought her here. That is the sword which has: been hanging over me for days, Adelaide. I knew it would be either yon or the child."-' .- -. Eveninher own dread, awful misery, Lady Wes- tray was arrested by.her. husband's wild words. " Who "are you talking about, Hubert ? : Mystery seems heaped upon mystery here. - Do you know who'can have taken Bertie J" asked his wife, press- ing hatbands to her throbbing temples, as if trying to collect and calm her thoughts. . " Yes,:I know;. I saw. Kosamond Vane in West borough yesterday, and her eye3 have haunted me ever Binoe.; ~They foreboded evil to me and mine." "Who is Rosamond Vane?" . ....J| Ah, Iforgot ; you do not know. Yes I will tell *you, Adelaide. The crisiB has come, and you must iknow all. It cannot matter now whether you leave % rhetor not. "I told you I have been a miserable, evil-haunted man, pursued by the ghost of the past -by the misery of a sin for which I have been bitter^jCpunished. . But there, I cannot tell you the story now. I must go and seek herand the child." So saying, and leaving his wife to her helpless un- availing pain, he quitted the house. A little later she heard the nug of horse's hoofs-on the avenue, and if at that moment Adelaide Westray felt as if the very foundations of earth and heaven were shaken site may be forgiven. She dragged herself np at length, and went to make some more inquiries in a strange, listless, dispirited way, without that exhibition of frenzy which a mother thus suddenly and mysteriously bereft might have been expected fte« display. There was little more to learn. ' The gross-carelessness of the servants was only con ?".firmed ::4fchey were too miserable and conscience stricken to attempt to screen or defend themselves. , ;.;*While they had been enjoying their evening meal ^.the hall door had been open, and the entire house T&tef;&at; the mercy of any who might elect to enter it. ¿' ¡Theiervants' quarters were quite shut off from th« 'upperpart of the house' and" only a very unusual noise could be heard downstairs. How easy tier for the'robber to steal np stairs and carry away thi jeeping child. The mystery was why the chili should he taken, and so much that ia commonly valued by the thief left untouched. Lady Westra; wandered about the house for a time like one in Î t dream, looking blankly into one rooin after another until at length she Eat down on a chair by thc ?* empty cot in the night nursery, and-there,, with folded hands and wide-staring eyes, waited for wha she scarcely knew. ._ None of the servants came near ; they were afraic vto see her, they whispered to one another, and so £ -' dreary hour dragged itself away. « j Towards two o'clock in the morning the sound o 'i a horse's returning hoofs rang out over, the etil and heavy air, and Lady Westray sprang to her fee ¿and, with a wild fight of expectancy in her eyes g sped down to the hall, only to see her hUBband ente: .' alone ; then with a low moan she tottered, ant saul? Unconscious on the settle in the hall. When ^Adelaide Westray awoke from what seemei to her to have been a long sleep, she found herael in bed in her own room. It seemed to be broad dav for thc sunbeams were shining through the Vene tiau blinds and falling aslant the walls and floor She raised herself on her elbow and looked roum her- inquiringly,.not remembering just "then th *' occurrence of the night. She was alone in thereon but at that moment Denver came slipping from th adjoining room : a'pale, heavy-eyed creature, wit! an anxious expression on her face. At sight of he maid memory suddenly returned in all its crue vividness to the 'unhappy mother, and she turne her wide, hollow eyes imploringly on the woman' face.--1 .'Has baby been found, Denver ?" The maid shook her head, . , " Oh, no| my lady, there is no news. Doctor Bay .nor is downstairs. He has been here since before i»daybreak, and he bade me tell him directly you ^Vere awake. ..May I ask him to come up ?" .' ^"Whereis Sir Hubert?" . - .. ^"SirHubert, my lady, is away to London, I think ; to get detectives or something. -But if you will -see Doctor Raynor, he'will tell you alli'about it. He was here before Sir Hubert left." "You may. tell him to" conie npj" said Lady Westray, languidly ; and,'- lying down1 wearily on the pillow, she turnedher face to.the wall. : There was no hope in her heart. The.baby, the light of her eyes,ftiie-darling;.pf"her Jieart, the precious heir oflWest Court, was lost for evermore.-- What, > then, hadjehei to live for ? v She could not even at thawmoment think with tenderness or longing of her absent husband. She had a vague, inscrutable consciousness that for this terrible calamity he was somewhat to blame. She could not tell in what way : only the consciousness was there,«adding to her weight of hopeless pain. ... . "I am here, Lady Westray. I am thankful to see you conscious again." - . .-¡ " It was the physician's voice, and when Adelaide Westray turned her head and looked upon the kind face of the friend who had known her since her childhood, her eyes filled with tears. .' Hubert has gone to London, Doctor Raynor,',' abe said quickly. " Denver says you know-.why. Has he any clue?" "Yes. He asked meto tell you that a woman and child travelled from Westray by the 10.10 express last night, and that hè hopes to trace her and rescue the child before night." / "What woman? What could be her object? The old man shook his head. The thing was an : utter mystery to him, and if he had any suspicion! it did not behove him to communicate them to the ?wife of Sir Hnbert Westray. " It was'a cruel thing to do, Doctor Raynor," she moaned. '. I did not dream we had, in the world, *an enemy who would so use ns. Perhaps we have loved him" too much. Perhaps I made an idol ol him, and thia has come to show me my sin. But he was £0 s weet .and. winning and beautiful-my Bertis, niy'precious child, my son my son !" The old man, watching-.the .paroxysm of grief, wiped his own eyes, and walked away over to the window : wisely permitting her to give vent td her .overcharged heart. - \- "Did Hnbert' say-he wonld snrelybB back to- night !" she said, growing calmer again. " If not, I must go to London to-day. I, cannot ; be here eating my heart ont." _ . " It would kill you to attempt the journey to-day, my dear. Yon'do not. know how weak yon are," said the physician, soothingly.. Besides, would it not be a foolish errand ?: Could yon. assist your husband in any way ? Could you even find him in London? Try.and keep calm.and quiet, Lady Westray! arid trnst Sir Hnbert. If ever a stern resolve sat upon man's face, it did on his when.he left this morning. He will leave no stone unturned to find the heir of West Conrt." "He ought to have taken me." she said, almost wildly. ".He loves'Bertie," Lknow, but he has not the instinct of a mother. I believe that were I in London at this moment, doctor, love would guide me to the vf ry spot where my darling is." The doctor compassionately shook his head. "London is a great place, Lady Westray. I fear you would only experience the bitterest diaappoint ! ment. Try and keep quiet and brave, for your husband's sake, and. believe he is doing his utmost at this moment. It is his dèep interest, as well as yours." - " I am not excited, I am quiet and calm, Doctor Raynor : only something tells me l shall never see Bertie again. He is lost to us for ever." "Pray, my dear .lady, try and rid yourself of such an.unhappy thought,"¡said the physician, hastily. " Let" me remind you of the surpassing skill and expedition of the authorities at Scotland Yard. When they fail it is the exception and not the rule. And then no expense will be spared. Try and dwell rather upon the many chances of success. ' One woman, - however clever, can scarcely, in so short a time, baffle all the energies of Scotland Yard." . So the good bid man tried to comfort and sustain the unhappy mother,, although himself : utterly, bewildered and perplexed. . ¿f . .. ü .'"',;; ; " Mr. and Mrs. Courtney haye arrived, my lady," said Denver, entering the room. 'But just then some one swept past her, and in a moment Adelaide Westray was sobbing all her heart's grief out oh her mother's breast. Doctor. Raynor .immediately left the room. In the library, he found the Squire of Alderley pacing restlessly up'and down the room, evidently in a state of huge excitement. He was a broad, burly, rather vulgar-looking man, with a puffy red face, and an angry ; blue eye. A hasty, domineering temper and a.somewhat selfish disposition were the besetting sins of Squire Courtney, but he had a certain ready kindness of heart, and manner too, which somewhat softened these unpleasant characteristics.. " Hulloa, Raynor, good morning. Extraordinary occurrence, this," he said, pausing in his walk and ?transfixing the mild little doctor with his piercing eye. " What on earth/is the meaning, of this cock and bull story we got tb our breakfast this morn- ing ? Is it true what they say, that the child has been stolen?" ' . " Quite true, Mr. Courtney, I am sorry to say." "How did it happen? Tell me all about it quick. They might have sent word to Alderley, at any rate. Where's Westray? And Ada, too! Where are all the inmates of this house ? There isn't a servant to be seen, to ' answer a civil ques- tion." -i - : "Sir Hubert and Lady Westray were dining at Eardley last night, Mr. Conrtney. During their absence the nurse, I understand, had gone down- stairs for some supper. She was absent about thirty or forty minutes, and on her return fonnd her charge gone. There is-ho other explanation, nor any particulars to give in the meantime. Sir Hnbert has gone to London to get detective assist- ance, and hopes Boon to recover the child." " Extraordinary !" repeated the Squire, tapping his riding whip impatiently on the. floor. '? What do they mean, going-dining at other folk's houses and leaving, the child and the house in charge of careless idiots ? 'But hang it, man, what do you suppose it means ?. If. we were, in Italy, the thing might be understood. It's a common thing foi children, and grown people, too, I am told, to be "stolen, and kept by the brigands till a fine ransom is paid. " But whoever heard of such a thing happening in England ? It's like a scene out of a foolish novel. You're sure there's no mistake ?" " No mistake, Mr. Courtney.- /.It is only too real a calamity for the house of Westray." "I wonder now if -that'dark-browed, haughty hussy Robert Westray married has anything to dc with ic," said the Squire, in his blunt injudicious fashion. You know it was an awful disappoint- ment when my girl became Lady Westray, and the mother of an heir." . ¡J .v.. ;* "Hush,; Mr. Courtney.-It is unwise even tc hnzard such a supposition."T For her own and hei children's sake Mrs. Robert Westray would nevei 'dare such a crime," said Doctor Raynor, hastily. ' "j Well, perhaps not," assented the Squire " Besides, what would be the góodóf that ? Then is no reason-why Lady Westray should not have another "son, and Mrs.-Robert couldn't :go oil stealing children for ever. Howis the poor thing ! She'll be taking it terribly to heart." " She .is indeed. . She has;no hope herself, Mr Courtney. It will scarcely be a disappointment tc her though they should find'nd clue." " " Tut, tut ;that's foolish, said the Squire. "Wail a moment "till I run np -to' see her, and then IT ride down with you. Mrs. Courtney ÍB driving, bu will likely want to remain with Ada." So saying, Mr. Conrtney stumped upstairs in hi heavy riding boots, and without any ceremon; 'entered his daughter's room. His wife, a gent]' lady-like woman, whom to look at was to love, wa sitting close by the bed";with her arm around be daughter's slender shoulders, her soft hand gentl; smoothing the golden curls back from the hot brow " Well, Addie, this isa sad affair,"said the Squire in his loud, brisk fashion. " Stupid thing of yoi all, to lose the boy you've been so fond and proui of." .= Adelaide -Westray winced, but tried to Bmil faintly up into her father's face. Scarcely yet had. she. got rid.of a certain shrink ing awe and dread cf the loud-voiced, quick tempered,^imperious parent, who; had kept stric discipline among the children at Alderley. \- . "Keep, up your heart. They'll find him, neve fear. Come, now, don't shake your head so dole fully. I say they'll find . him for you in no time why shouldn't they? It's what i they're paid am kept np for. . So. don't' let your'spirits down. I'] bet you two to one Hubert brings him back to yoi safe and sound."- * "I'll.try to be hopeful, papa," answered Lad, Westray, but there was no hope in her voice. " That's. right. Well,. mother, ¡I suppose youl want to remain here for a bit?", said the Squire t his wife. .. ii I'll get baok to Alderley, and kee things going in your absence. .-.There's no sayin what mischief that Flo may be , up to. She's a much of a tomboy as ever, Addie-worse, I thin! since you.left IV ,. ?-"..... ...... Adelaide Westray smiled in spite of herself, as vision of ter bright-eyed, roañd-faced, happy-go lucky1 young sister rose np before her. Florence Courtney was eminently the life of the old house at Alderley. Never a day passed without leading her into some serious scrape. Yet ehe was now sixteen, and a source of considerable anxiety to her mother, as well as of some trouble to her father. Means would hot permit of her being sent to school to have her animal spirits tamed, for money was scarce at Alderley. , ; The Squire himself had expensive tastes ; he liked a fine, mount, and was in the forefront of all sports.' .¿Then Tom, the only son, j was being, educated at Eton ; so; it was the women folk who were stinted, and who had to exercise the virtue".pf self-denial. most frequently. Perhaps it was these things, and the burden of anxiety they entailed, which gave Mrs. Courtney's j face; that peculiarly; sweet, patient expression, I often worn by those who are harassed by many cares.' Adelaide was the mother's darling. Her sweet, bright, unselfish nature, her untiring devotion and willingness to share any burden, had been for years the very brightest thing in Mrs Courtney's life., She had given her np with a grudge, and, while glad that so beautiful and easy a lot had been vouchsafed to her dearèast child,-she knew that never, never could., her place be filled. Studious, thoughtful Anna/ and careless,. gleeful Florence were each well in their own place, but none could ever be to her what her eldest child had been. Having said his blunt say, the Squire of Alderlej took his .departure," and rode away with the doctor discussing the new Game Bill which was engrossing the attention of the newly opened Parliament. Very sweet to the stricken heart of Adelaide "Westray" was the presence and sympathy, of hei mother through the long hours of that May day Towards evening she rose and dressed, and then was a nervous restlessness about her which indi cated a mind terribly ill at ease. She could not si still So long, as daylight lasted she was scarcelj away from the. turret window, which commandée the whole length of the avenue and a portion of th< high road to Westray, the road by which all travel lera came from the station. But darkness fel without bringing the anxiously-expected comer Towards-seven! o'clock the-Bound of wheels broke upon her listening ears, and a vehicle was driven rapidly up to the door. The master of West Court had returned home once more alone.. .When he entered, his wife met him, and when she" looked upon" hii worn and haggard face her heart sank. He looked like one who had kept a protracted vigil, and whose mind had been long upon the rack. ''. My darling ! my poor wife !" He put his arm about the slender dark-robed figure, led her gently into the library, and, shntting the door, gathered her closely to his heart. " This day has been so long, Hubert," she said, in broken, faltering tones. " I am thankful you have come back to me." "Even without the child, Ada?" he asked, hoarsely. ' . "I have given him up. 1 had no hope, she said, in that still, quiet, indescribably pathetic way. '.'But I could not have borne your absence very much longer. The day has been so long." She shivered in his arms, and, looking into her white, wan face, a dark shadow crept over Hubert Westray's own. " I have done my best, Adelaide, and I' have failed," he said at length. " She has been traced to London, and they hold ont strong hopes at Scot- land Yard thas they may speedily find her. I could do nothing more than leave the matter in their bands, so I have come back." "r> " Who is this woman who has taken our treasure from us, Hubert ? Tell me about her. The mystery and the misery of it are all eating into my heart. Tell me now." She drew him over to the fire, and made him sit down in an easy chair, and drawing a stool close to it, sat down at his feet, and folded her pale hands on his knee. In all these actions there was a con- fidence and trust, an unsuspecting and innocent ? tenderness, which smote him to the heart. Poor j child, the shadows had as yet only whispered 1 themselves to her heart. Soon, soon enough they would darkly fall. " Rosamond. Vane, you called her,.Hubert. Whj should she take our child from ns ?" she asked with her innocent eyes fixed wildly on his face." Tel] me what you know." : "Yon do not know'the task you have set me Adelaide, but I will tell you. I will keep nothing back, and leave you to judge,- and 'condemn me ii you will," said Hubert Westray, passing his hanc wearily across his brow.' ''It was at Oxford'that ] firat saw Rosamond Vane, and that ia ten years ago nay, it will be twelve in the summer since the dai her eyes ensnared me'first. She was a handsomi girl, Adelaide, with Spanish blood and Spanish fir in her veins. Her mother had been a popula: singer in'ber time, and Rosamond bad inheritei from her a fine voice, bnt it had' never beei properly trained or she might have attained to some eminence as a singer. ' They earned a precari ons and oftentimes scanty livelihood at the place of amusement in the town. : Rosamond's handsom appearance and fine voice were often in requisition and she was generally sure of a temporary engage ment with almost every management that came t the theatres. I believe she had many a chane offered her to rise in the profession, but she seeme to prefer her untrammelled easy existence, and s refused them all,' All the students of a certain se knew Rosamond Vane,' and many a precious hoc was lost-ay, and a great deal of money spent-i: dancing attendance on the handsome singer. Sh was a born coquette, but she could keep them'-a at a distance. She took their gifts and let thei spend their money on her, but she never encourage one more than the other. It was Wilmot Ardai who first introduced me to Rosamond Vane. Up t that time I had been a diligent student, carin little for the frivolities and follies in which e many of the fellows indulged; but after I sa' Rosamond Vane I did no more work. She, and ah alone, was the cause of my graduating with sue poor credit. I snppose I must have fallen in loi with her, after a fashion, for I can remember y< how I used to dream of her by day and night, J was not love, it was a mad passion which cou! not last. Ay, you hide your-face, my wife, an well you may. Perhaps, when all is told, yon wi not let me call you wife again. ' " A great calamity befel me, Adelaide. Rosi mond' Vane learned to care for me, aa such ni disciplined, fiery natnres do, with a fierce and al absorbing love, which would Beek to sweep ever; thing before it. While my own infatuation laste I found it very pleasant to be" so much to her, bi soon, very soon, I began to weary, and to wish: had not been so foolish1 as to pay any attention' 1 her. I had promised to marrey her, and, althoug it was only a jest, for I knew how utterly impo sible it would be for me to take such a step, in rt father's lifetime at least, she took it terribly i earnest. I had only flirted a little with he Adelaide, and had never said half as much as mai fellows had said to her ; but the difference w; that she believed what I said, because she w terribly in earnest herself. She would not let n break off our engagement, as she persisted in cal ing it, and at length sick of my chains and of her told her it would be impossible for me to ever mar her, and that I was very sorry if she had ever bei led to believe it. That is the way men speak nc when they hare been guilty of that grave si playing with a woman's heart. For poor Rosamoi Vane had a heart in spite of her coquettish, fooli: ways, and unfortunately she had given it to a Well, I broke off with her, but she persecuted i with letters and coming to my rooms until I w obliged to speak very strongly to her ; and thc when she saw I was in earnest, that I cared r thing for her, she turned upon me. I shall nen forget her as she looked then, magnificent ml wrath. She told me that she would watch m that so long as I remained unmarried she wot leave me unmolested, but directly I took a w she bade me beware, I laughed at her, not kno ing, fool that I was, what ' fury hath a worn scorned.' Some years went by, andlremembei no more about her. Other interests occupied ru my father died, I became the master here, a then, Adelaide, I met you. You know the resi you know what revenge Rosamond Vane has tat for the wrong I did her. It was a wrong, A délai to win her love and then cast it aside, as I did, have tried to excuse myself often by telling mys others have done it, that it is thought lightly bnt not latterly. - Since I have known and loy you, my darling, you have taught me many thin you have shown me in yourself what is noble a true and good, and so my sin has weighed upon until it grew so heavy I could scarcely bear My wife, can you forgive me,, or must I lose 3 too ? I am a man of few words, but this is a mat of life and death to me." Adelaide Westray had her face hidden in bi her hands. She sat very still, the heaving of . . breast was scarcely perceptible, what she was sufi ing at that moment even he could not guess, j it is a cruel thing to have the idol we have vt shipped shattered at our feet, leaving us desol among the ruins of a pride and joy that y¡ Earth holds no more bitter, pain than that. 1 she had not shrunk away from him, the folds of dress still touched 'him, the golden head was near that with a motion he could have .laid it his breast, only he did not dare." "If she loved you I forgive her," she whispe: aï lengtn without revealing lier.face. " You have forgiveness for her, Adelaide. What have you for me?" he asked in an intense whisper, and there »hone on his haggard face a gleam of fit- ful joy and hope. "I must not, judge, Hubert." she whispered. " You were yeryjsruel to her,, but you have never been so to me, and I am your wife.", She*crept to his side/and he took her to his heart again, and his heavy tears fell upon her head. "Perhaps if I could see;her, Hubert," said Adelaide Westray in her gentle, pitying voice, " ] could soften her heart! 'Oh," I am sure I could poor Rosamond Vane. If they findher, Hnbert, we must not let them punish her; ; Wemustremembei how she has been tried, and be very gentle with her. I am quite sure she never thought how cruel and terrible, a thing it was to take away a little child from its mother." So Adelaide" Westray's innate unselfishness and generous sweetness came to the surface even in thal honr: of deep pain. For the story her husband hac just told her had for her its own- peculiar sting He felt himself humbled in her eyes, he stow shamefacedly before her.purity and nobleness o: soul. But the master of West Court was. happie then than he had been for many years. His brokei vows, and faithlessness to Rosamond Vane had lonj hung like a millstone about his. neck. TO BE'CONTINUED. '_ 