EXPERIENCES OF AN EDINBURGH DETECTIVE. By JAMES McGOVAN, Author of "Brought to Bay," "Hunted Down," " Strange Glues," " Traced and Tracked," " Solved Mysteries," &o.; The Jealous Wife. I had just turned into the Fishmarket Close from the Cowgate one dark night about the end of the year to go up to the Central when some light footsteps which had been sounding behind me suddenly quickened, and before I could start round a set of thin fingers were clenched into my arm like claws or steel hooks, I looked round and saw that the owner of the claws was a woman, and quietly dusted the fingers away. She was not a woman of the class I had expected. She was dressed in a very lady-like style and wore kid gloves. So far as I could make out in the dark close at one glance Bhe was also tall, good looking, and not old, Yet she had an "ugly" look about the face, and more especially about the eyes—the uglinees of high-strung excitement. Some of the excitement had run tingling along her arm and caused her to give me that claw like hooking with more strength than she had intended, for, as I suggestively rubbed the place from which I had gently dusted her fingers, she apologised hastily, and then adaed— "I want you!" I stared enquiringly, but said nothing, " I aaw you in Howie's public-house," she continued, f'and a boy at the door told me you are McGovan, the detective." "Well, and what do you want with me 2" I asked, because I could not conceive what such a person could want near a public-house like Howie's or with a detective afterwards, and I quickly added— " Have you been robbed 2" The question agitated her powerfully; her two hands were clenched as if about to be thrown out at me, but instead they were drawn con vulsively back against her own bosom, as she exclaimed in low, deadly tones— " Yes, yes! I have been robbed." "Just now 2" " No, for six months, for nearly a year, per haps longer." " You mean that the robberies have gone on all that time 2" ; I began to think the woman mad and that I had better humor her. There was certainly a wild ard frenzied look about the eyes—a look known to me only too well as an indication of that state in which a woman will utter the : wildest untruths and firmly believe them to be true. "Hadn't you better come up to the office with me and have your case properly taken down 2" I considerately suggested, "Will anyone hear what we say here 2" We were right under the high wall and grated windows of the lock-np cells. "I think not-unless you have any one in there more interested in your misfortunes than; in their own," "Then I won't go into the Police Office. I: have never been in such a place in my life and ; never will, I have been acting as my own de-; tective—trust a woman's ability for that," I doubted it, for a woman's cunning iB gene rally of the kind which overleaps itself and' fallB on the other Bide, but I politely remained silent. " And I have only come to ycfa to get you to finish the work," she added. "Ob, indeed." I knew what that meant— that the whole of the work was yet to do—so I looked neither happy nor elated. " What have you been robbed of 2" I asked, seeing that she did nothing but glare at me tragically during the pause which followed, " Of my husband," she Bhrieked with a sud denness which made me jump almost a foot, high off the pavement. "Of your husband2" audi whistled aloud. " Oh, is that all V "All 1" and she made a clutch at my arm, • which, warned by experience, I nimbly evaded. "All2 yes, it's all; my all—my everything.' When a wife is robbed of her husband what has she left 2—nothing. Her whole life is empty," "True, true," I gravely answered, "and I wish three million wives who have not been ; robbed could hear you preach that out." "And what punishment is too great for the ; robber 2" she added, in a tone evidently in-. ended for the ears of those on the "'top flat" ; of the lock- up, "A little lower, please—I am not deaf," I politely observed. ; "I would have punished her myself," she! added in a cold hiss which almost froze the ; point off my nose, " for I felt strong enough to i have killed her the other night; but I knew; that would dome no good and never cure him, •' for I'd be sent to prison, and they'd be left; outside and have it all their own way. The ' only cure is to get her out of the way." " Oh, of course; so it's a woman 2' • I had expected it to be men—some of my ; bairnB—from tbe fact that I bad just been after some of them at Howie's public house," ' "A woman!.don't call her that; she's! a—— oh, I can't say the word. But I've seen them together, and I've seen her go into his office, and have watched there for honrs before she came out again. - His office is quite a small place and he keeps only one clerk—sometimes. none." "What is your husband's name and what does he do 2" " He's a lawyer and bis name is Kellaway." "Kellaway? I don't know any such name among the lawyers." "He was only a lawyer's clerk at one time, but he set up business for himself." "Do you mean Albert Kellaway, the in surance agent 2" " That is his name, and he does act also as' an insurance agent." i The man was not a lawyer at all; but had frequently appeared as an unqualified agent in; police cases which no lawyer oared to touch. He waB a dry, withered-looking man, with a; face indicativeof care and concern more than, any passion, and was certainly the last I should; have expected to bother himself trotting at; any woman's heels. i " la he not kind to you 2" I asked, after a ■ pause. ' "Of course he is;: but his kindness just freezes tbe blood in my veins." " Oh!" I could not say more, but I thought; of how many poor wives would have been glad I to have their blood frozen in that way. " About a year ago he changed, and I soon = saw that all his love was gone," she tragically: continued. "He hardly ever spoke to me; he was always sitting thinking; and I had the greatest difficulty in getting money from , him/'. A good many wives suffer in that way," I meditatively observed, "I know he was not doing well in his busi ness, but, if so, he could have told me all about it and got me to help him out of the difficulty; but to go and confide in another woman, and fall in love with her, and keep going about with her—that's what has crushed me!" and she tried to clench me on the arm, but again missed. "Well, your best remedy would be to have : a divorce. Any lawyer will arrange that for you." "But I don't want a divorce; I want to win back my husband—not to lose him for ever —to punish thiB woman, not reward her." " Ob, well; could you not go and scratch her face, cr tear her bonnet 2—she'd feel that more than the tearing of her skin," I sug gested ; " and you're a tall woman; you'd have a gocd chance." " She's tall too," modestly returned the! jealous wife; "and, besides, I do not wish to soil my fingers with such a creature. I followed ber to her home one night after I had seen her with my husband, and, from some enquiries which I made afterwards, I find it is a perfect den of thieves." " Oho!" I exclaimed, for the first time • really Berious. "Now I begin to understand you," I asked her to describe the place, when she at once named a stair on the South-bridge leading down to Niddry-street, and the exact: door on that' stair which I had seen and entered often enough. It professed to be a : Indging-house. and had not even the excuse for ' that name which many-houses have. It was : exactly what the excited woman before me bad .said—" a den of thieveB." ' We were pinched enough for money before he got acquainted with this wretch," continued the jealous wife, "but now he has plenty of money, and wonders that I do uot-ask him for ' more. I can't take it; I shudder over every ' stilling—for I can never know but it is stained witb sc me ciime of - that thief," " What is her name 2" " I don't know, and have no means of disco ; vering, but shs iBtall and always wearsa brown merino dress witb flounces, a black plaid, and a : brown silk bonnet with a flashy-feather. I; don't think she can be pretty or she would not wear such a thick veil ;: but perhaps that's to pievent any -one from seeing her features and j recognising them again." ; "Very likely. -How did your hnsband-get i acquainted with her 2" "Oh, Isuppose in the usual way—she must have1 come to" his office tO; get him to defend some of her friends—'faer-husband probably— j and! then made her miad'toadd- another' ^dastardly-robbery to the list-of- bar crimes— . the robbery of my husband, the only man I] ever loved." * . J A sudden thought struck me, ;i " And you think your husband^gets-money j aud&8»iatauo0:ftom thiawopau?" ' | "I tun certain of it."., i " Will you let maseeaoale of yourmooay 2" > quiring!y.. '/ j "The- woman stared -at mohaughtily-aud-eu " I shan't run away with it, I assure you," a a ,:t s « » Sa® • I smilingly continued, " I just want to 3aa i£ —the color of it." A dawning of my suspicion seemed to gat '.cto the head of the woman, and she Quickly and eagerly brought out her purse, and wa carefully went over the entire contents by the light of the etreet lamp close by. I looked over . the half-crowns first, for it was in these aoiuj But those in the purse were bot& wdbwora and old, and not at all like ths new lumps of pewter in that form, the specimens of whioh had been accumulating steadily at the Police Office for six months at least. They -were sterling silver too, and that was the greatest disappointment of all. The remainder of monay wbb all equally genuine. "Have you ever got money from your hus band which yon suspeoted oame from this woman, and which was checked as bad money?" "Never; but of coarse 1 never looked at it' particularly. I've no doubt if she gives him money it will all be bad. The wretch is fit for anything. I had a feeling of that kind tha firBt time I saw her, and I'min daily dread that ehe wheedles my poor soft husband into an -elopement. He'll think her everything that's good no doubt—men in love are such fools— and she'll shake her ill- gotten money in his eyes and get him to run away from me," and at tha thought the jealous wife got out a handkerchief and wiped her eyes till the tears flowed. "Don't be afraid of that, Kellaway seams to me not a young man—he must be forty-five or fifty- audi don't think he's a running-away man at all.' Now, will you tell me quickly —for it's cold standing here—what you wi3h me to do ?" " Get that wcman into prison! watch her I track her! follow her! discover some thing she has done or is doing which is enough to ensure her getting ten or fifteen years' imprisonment, and I shall be happy. Now that you've suggested it I'm quite aura that she must be engaged in coining base money. What sentence would be passed if she were convicted of that?" " That depends—perhaps five years. If she had been often convicted, perhaps tea or more." "Often? She ha3 very likely been in th9 hands of the police aB often as there are hairs in her head. She has a murderous look about ber, and I'm quite sure that my poor Albert is not the first she ba3 wiled away from a loving wife. But he is so soft and so blind to any woman's faults but those of his own wife that I can't blame bim, Now, will you bring a great blessing upon me!" and her face, softened with tender entreaty, looked aB different as light doe3 from : darkness. "You have the power, and I've heard that you've brought a blessing on many a miserable life—will you bring one on mine ?" Like moat of us, I find it hard to refuse a woman, but it seemed to that this one,' iti spite of many redeeming qualities, had one bad one, " I will confer a blessing on you—if you will take it and act on it," "Whatis it?" "A piece of advice, I knew yon would uoc snap at it very readily, but good advice never is snapped at. Well, never be jealous of yonr husband again; be content with loving him; that's all you are created for. Jealousy is not ' in the programme at all; and whether hers good, bad, or indifferent, you've just to go on loving him, and being tender and kind tct him in order to win. This jealousy is a curse to you, and will be a curse to him when he finds it out unless he 1b really what you say. He may be merely arranging some very intricate defence for this woman— I am quite sure if you. could look at him every time you are with him as you looked atmejuBt now when you asked me to bring a blessing npon you he could not but be conquered, The silken leash of Ioto holds a man far more securely than a whole cable chain of force. Are yon following me?" I had reason to aBk the question, for she Btood back from me on the pavement im patiently looking about her and tapping the ground with one of her feet. "I hear you} but that's all thrown away upon me," she feverishly answered. "No human being could love bim as I do, or more strongly than I do, I will never be jealous again—I will, promise that—if yon will but prove to me that I am mistaken this time. I am convinced that the woman is a criminal, and it is your duty to detect and arrest these. Give me the blessing I hunger for—peace of mind and the restored love of my husband by following up and trapping this woman. Get ber out of the way and sunBhine shall be on all my life." It was a woman's argument out and oat. Just when you fancy you have completely out reasoned them and borne, all before you they come up smiling to the charge again, repeat • their faulty argument with but with a slight variation, and then pose for the crown of via tory. Like the English Boldiers at Waterloo,: they get "beatenseveral times but never know of it, and come on again all the same.'* >1 - could therefore only promise to do what I could by hunting out this fascinatiog beauty, and trying to discover something against her which 'should put her out of harm's way for a time. I think I made the promise simply to get rid of the women before me, and because my toee were frozen nearly as cold as the pavement, and I know that I had not the} faintest expec tation of being able to accomplish much. If I booked the woman at all t rather thought that it ccight be only for a term of a month or so, which would-not help the jealous wife much. The day, after the interview I called at the den in question, but I could find no trace of any woman answering the description of Ke'L laway's charmer, though everyone in the house showed herself, Not quite satisfied I had the house watohed, but no one thus attired was seen to enter or leave, and that attempt also was given up in despair. There remained then nothing to be done but watch Kellaway himself, in hope of his fascina tor coming to see him. I was nearly done with that and about to give up the case, which promised so little, when I one night chanoed to see Kellaway exchange a few words at Howie's publio- house with a man named Michael Been nan. Brennan was a little man, wiry and'ac tive, and about as wideawake a customer 'as any one could have to deal with, and though not mueb was known against him 'I had my suspicions roused by having discovered that he lived in the same den on the South-bridge, which was said to be the home of the woman in the black cloak. When the two thua engaged saw me they immediately parted andj Kella way graciously saluted me. " Who is that man, and where does helive?" I asked. I knew perfectly, and merely put the ques-; tion to throw a little dust into KellawayV eyes. " Ab, we never tell professional secrets," hd smilingly replied. "If that man gets into' trouble I shall have the defending of him. He is one of my clients." " He looks like it." Kellaway grinned feebly over the dig, and atked me to drink, but I left hurriedly in the wake of Brennan. My hope was thatrha might meet that mysterious woman against whom my fffortB were to be directed. Living in the same house he must at least know the woman, and his acquaintance with Kellaway made ma {sus pect her to be his wife. Now what was prin cipally laid to tbe charge of this man Brennan was the lower branches of base coining. He practised mostly with balf-crowns, and it was the maker of those half-crowns accumulating at the head office whom I was anxious to get hold of. A half- crown is not much to lose, but when the Iosb comes chiefly among small shop keepers, and through them to the very poor, it is serious indeed. The house on the bridge was a shebeen, but I knew the tenant of it too well to believe that she would allow the manu facture of base money to be carried on there with her knowledge. She had been bitten too often by the police, and waB exceedingly anxiouB to curry favor with us by denouncing: everyone but herself. Brennan landed, at that place in about half an hour and entered with- . ont having Bighted me, I waited on hoping.to. see him come out again, but he did not. How ever, I had quite as good, for in half an hour there issued from the house a tall woman dreBsed exactly as the jealous.wife had de scribed. She went upstairs and out by the bridge entry, and looked neither right nor , left. There was no loitering—straight ahead she went at a smart pace, and as I had ex pected made for Kellaway's office, Sha re- - mained in the place for two hoars. I could h8ar no one speaking inside though two-of tha windows were lighted. I thought of coursethat Kellaway had gone there before her; but, to my nnbounded surprise, .when the lights: were out and the woman had locked the door and . descended to the street Kellaway appeared from the opposite direction, spoke a word-or two with her under a street lamp, and then parted from her and went off to his cwn-home without going near the office. This could mean but one thing—that the woman bad a key to the office, which she car ried and; had a right to use as well a& KeUa way. The whole place- consisted-of but two rooms and a closet-—could it be- possible, that Knllaway, in hia-poverty,- hadrsutedoffoae'of the rooms to this woman. They did-nob con verse as lovers as they stood thus under tha lamp, but more like business acquaintances, and they did not even shake hands.as they parted. Yet they were not out of.sight, audi I was debating which I should follow, whan- a clutch—which I knew ohlyr too wall—was sud denly fastened on pay-arm from , behind, ahd'I heard the jealous wife hiss in my, ear— "That's her! now you've, seen her! Oan you get her taken for a heavy settfeencS?" "I have seen her. it is true ; bdt IhaLva.net got a look at her face, and, what's more,;I do not know that she has done anything wrong," "Net done anything wrong? She hae robbed xre!" and' she smote her breast vio lently-with her hand, with her tone-tepidly rising. "For goodness sake, don't {shout here,"11 entreated. "We're on a publio street andnot .ijpa quietcloBe, andyou'll wake upthe inhabi tants. Be content. I think I am gstting it case against her." ' -I turned: away abruptly and put on-my fastest pace, and so shook her off for that night. While I had been following th§m she had beet* mteSunR.me. It'is so all through life. We fclbshadow one another, Next day," bb booh as Brennan had g6t up 'and gone out, McS weeny entered the houBe on thebridge.ingreatapparent baste, and ashed the loan of a female disguise big enough to cover bia tall form. They eagerly brought out all tba dresses in the place but the one ne wanted, and their kindness was thus thrown away.. Wow, the only Bpofc unexplored during this rasanaging was a little place occupied by Brennan, of which he always carried the key. The inference, therefore, waa plain—if the •dress was anywhere in that house it was in Brennan's room. That morning _we had infor mation which pointed emphatically to the mysterious woman, for in Leith a number of base half-crowns bad been passed the day before, and always by a woman so attired; McSweeny was convinced that Bhe was not in the house at that moment, but resolved to be there when Bhe did appear; he therefore inti mated to the landlady that he would like to see who came home with Brennan, and asked to b8 put in some place where he could do so without being seen. The place apportioned to him wbb under a bedstead. It waB very dnsty underneath, the boardB made a hard rating place, and there were other causes of restless ness, the marks of which did not leave him for weeks. "I never was so bitten Bince I was born," be said to me next day. " The basteB are thin with famine, and there's thousands of them, and they don't get a meal like me every day, so they made the most of it." While McSweeny waB thus enjoying himself I bad been watching Kellaway. There was nothing suspicious about his movements. He went borne as usual about 4 o'clock and had dinner, and in abont two hontB Bauntered forth again, and went back to his office. Hib wife followed, as Bhe had arranged with me, on the opposite side of the street, and on seeing him safely into the office we took up different posts —she to watch the windows, while I ascended the stair and watched arrivals from above. The stair was a dark one, the law having not yet made Btair lighting compulsory. We had not long to wait. 1 think scarcely ten minuteB had passed when a footstep sounded on the stair and the mysterious woman ascended, and admitted herself with a key to Kellaway's office. The door was not many moments clcsed when another cautious step ascended, and then I beard some one groping ahout. '' Are ye there, ye devil ?'' I heard in the un mistakable tones of McSweeny, and at the same moment his huge handB came down on my shoulder, and I felt that he wab shaking all over with suppressed merriment, " Do yon know who your ioine woman is ?" be just managed to get out in choking gurgles, "the woman that Kellaway's wife is so jealous of 2" "No? Breunan's wife ?" " Biennan's wife! go along wid ye! When had he ever a wife or the ghost of wan ? It's— it's"—and after about ten minutes choking and fighting with merriment he managed to blurt out one word, "Goodness gracious!" I exclaimed, "then the sooner we break in here the better." "Get the wife up to see it done," roguishly suggested McSweeny. " Per hapB Bhe'd like to have it out wil the shameleBB hussy that's fascinated her husband! Fascinated him! Och.begorra, bntthis'll be the death of me! Sore, for tick ling, the bugs is nothing to it." "She's easily get. Come down with me if you can keep that horse laugh of yours qaiet for a few minuteB; if not Bit down on the Btone etep there mid have it out by yourself." With a tremendous effort McSweeny drew himself together, and, pulling on a long face, descended, and crossed the street to where the jealous wife was solemnly pacing the cold stoneB. "They're in there now," I said, indicating the two lighted windows, "and I think we'll break in and see what they're about; we have something against the woman at any rate." The wife Btarted joyfully, and tried to clasp my arm, but got McS weeny's instead, and with the force of her grip made him twist and wriggle himself nearly into a lover's knot. "Yon have!—then I am to be happy at last," she cried, with Bavage joy. "Let me be there when she is taken, that I may Bpit in her fare and trample on her—after she's hand cuffed." 1 motioned her to follow, while McSweeny slunk to the rear, and nearly doubled himself in the effort to keep in his laughter. The police man on the beat went with ub. I did not knock or ring, but the weight of our four bodies and a little Bteel crowbar inserted at the lock sent the door Hying inwards. There was instantly an exclamation of alarm within, and, stepping quickly into the room whence the sound proceeded, I saw Kellaway himself with an apron on over his ordinary dreBB, in the midst of batteries, moulds, and plaster of pariB casts. Opposite him was Bren nan, looking equally horror-strioken and sur prised, for ne was just in the act of removing a woman's frock of brown merino, having already got rid of the black cloak, silk bonnet, and veil. The jealous wife, who had rushed in at our heels brimful of elation, no sooner took in the situation and realised what she had done than . with a scream she threw up her arms and went into hysterics. For ten minutes it was not possible to get a word of Bense out of her. but, " Ob, what a fool! oh, what a fool! and I thought he was a woman! oh, what a fool J" "I hope you will not blame me," said Kella way grandly. " I let one of my rooms to this man, but had no idea till to-night that he was using it for such a purpose, and just came to tell him to clear out at once." "I suppose you did not know either till to night that he came and went to the room dis guised aB a woman?" I drily returned. "Indeed I did not." " That's enough; you'd better reserve your defence, You know enough of the law to prompt you to the wisdom of that course." "I have ruined him! I have killed him!" screamed his wife, trying to wreath her arms round her husband's neck, " He is innocent, and yon know is was ouly the woman you were to take and put in prison," "What's that Bhe says?" suddenly asked Kellaway. " Did Bhe betray ub ?" A dead silence from ub and a wail from the wife. " I did, but it waB my love for you that made . me do it." "Your love! Your love be — hanged!" cried Kellaway, gathering all his strength and hurling her from him, "If that's your love, . let me rather have your hate!" She went back on the wall and , the rap knocked the little remaining sense out of her. She waB allowed to remain lor half an hour in the place, and then came up to the office in the cab which brought the working plant of the comerB, Kellaway waB placed ci trial alone, for Brennan, while he was being taken to the office by the policeman, dived suddenly, broke loose, and got clear away. Kellaway's sentenca . was five yearB, His wife wrote to him regularly and promised all kinds of amend ment when he should be free, but two mouths before the end of his term he died of pleurisy, I never heard of her again. The.title of the Detective Story for next Saturday's issue is - A SISTER'S STRANGE PROTECTION. 