It is one of tlie penalties of our super-- superior civilisation tliat modern' society Should be infested by the book-fiend,, or. as he modestly styles himself, the THE BOOK FIEND. book-agent. Like the poor, we have him always with us ; hut, unlike- that T.enerahle institution, he is sui generis- an excrescence of distinctly modern growth. We affect to pity the nations of antiquity upon their surprising igno rance of the art and mystery of print ing ; but with them '" ignorance was bliss," and they escaped an infliction which is the terror of modern humanity- Had such a being existed in those past, ages, we can easily conceive how fch® furious plebeians would have risen in their wrath and smote them sorely, even unto the death. The Chinese flnim to have had printedbooks before the Christian era, but there is no record of any celestial publisher employing a tra velling agent to worry his countrymen into purchasing his wares. Had any one been bold enough to undertake such a dangerous mission, there is little -. dB&bt; but that the mandarin of the r "fifst town ho invaded would have laid Vn'-m by the heels, and, after just con demnation as a disturber of the peace, have handed him ov-r to the execu tioner, to perish with those protracted tortures in which the Chinese display their ingenuity. It has been reserved for ibis latter age to suffer this novel \- burden, which afflicts all sorts and con ditions of men. For the book-fiend is omnipresent and ubiquitous. Like the Ghost of Hamlet's father, he is hie el nbiqitci Distance cannot 'daunt him, nor climate affect him. He will sale the frozen regions of the. Alpine range- or scour the burning plains of the "Wimmera in search of his prey. He fs as patient as a hermit and .as bold as a pirate. He has the cunning pf a far, j the obstinacy of %.u|g»mid;,tfie cheek pf a highway man' sfirse. He will in sist upon an interview, aliddie. will not take the most emphatic for an answer. He is armed" at all -points for controversy, and will argue a horse's hind-leg off. It is in vain that the lite- lary'Man points proudly to his well- filled%ook-case. He smiles a pitying gmilevand assures him that " No gen tleman's library can be complete wUb- tut this valuable work." If you feign press of business, he will - blandly apologise and plead for only..a mipute. -while ho dazzles your eyes with- this beautiful -work of avt. In bis anxiety to acquaint you with the. merits of this, literary treasure, - he- -will cend to-,,read',;cboice;-portipns., for: youF delectation ;W6'e2' TtoritOhijnyriwlid- thoughtlessly gives "him permission. Ho' will heap extract upon extract, pile Pelion ufon OssA, witli aWhnning com- mmitarv, of., enthusiastic praise,. .until the weary, victim checks the ifloiv - o eloquence by weakly enteriae his hahie as a subscriber. His loquacity sur passes that of the Ancient Mariner, wlio' bored the unhappy wedding-guest with liis farrago of demoniac nonsense, and his tenacity is equal to' that of the Old Man of the Sea, whom Sindbad had so much trouble in extirpating. : .He is provided , with sundry weapons of attack. To the literary man lie" offers a rehash of some defunct encyclopedia; to the man of "business he recommends an illustrated dictionary ; and to the hush-dweller he. produces a vade-mecum- of agricultural lore. But his principal engines of attack are the Bible and the "History of the "World," which he carries as suitable for any household. The first is, like man, " fearfully and wonderfully made the illustrations, upon whose attractions lie mainly re lies, being a mixture of old engravings and new lithographs, the prismatic splendor of whose coloring .woul'd' give raptures to a "West Indian nigger; but cause an attack' of opthalmia to- any- artistic visiorj.. The second is- a' ?vr- chiTiij/'o of various histories, an olla porXritla as fearful as- the witches" broth, and sprinkled ptofusoty with woodcuts' which have dcac duty half a century since. He is great also upon albums for photos., ant will' lie theveauentwi th ro freshing innocence, representing tb- the uninformed iii- such matters- tliat every pago of the- fl'oral decorations is hana-pamted — -an act of pyramidal meudacity which generally brings- the transaction to a- successful issue.. Iu fact, most of his- triumphs are. dne- icra happy mixture of ihipudence and'- per tinacity;: but" it worrift-seem that lie has added a new and mere effective weapon to his armory.. For several months -past' attention has been- drawn to some most' remarkablfe'cases iirth'is connection.. A' firm of publishers- in Melbourne have; through th'eir travelling agents, been" .pushing the sale of a work in this colony ; and its capital, one or those compila tions, apparently, which our centenarv :-has caused to spring up as plentifully as weed's. It is some- comfort to us-to 'know tbat we shall not" be present at -the next centenary, with its inevitable icrop of memorial' volumes. These .agent's would 'appear to 'have been vary successful in-iL'eir raid; Orders cants -in apace, and th'e publishers — in all good -faith; doubtless — supplied the volumes; which were charged at Trite trifling price of six guineas, and ' fdrrccrded their" jittle' bills for- that amouT.'it therewith. But liere ther?was a hitch in the lifcide1 arrangement. From the- isrnr quarters of the compass came den-teis of orders "and refusals ton take deiftery. Tha-Iiaw was invoked, r.r.-d many of'tfce recusn-ratw entered the ccrart' and/positively swwe against having- 'signed ' any orders p-Bnt : rile -judge, to.- 'view cf 'tbs signdnzres produced, liadi 1 no alternative but)- to decide againsttthem. Tt is a curious jffict' that these1 unwftliiig subscjiKors inrostly admit'SSii 1 liaring signed their names to a biographical? sketch of "their colomai caree- .'" jusi:f:"s a guarantee, you'Iaww;" but) how tifeir signatures got 'en to the eari-drs i.iiey could by no means accounirtfor. IE is rather signi- fibnufc that tho-- activaf- canvasser- who tsupplrsd these sr-rders to his employers iwas-saad to have left"- th'e colony, and so iescaped the fiSry ortteal of cross- ex- 'amibation. Mu'ngether, the adfiir is ;very Enysterioss and" highly suspicious. There must be - either perjury on one isideoor forgery- o: n the other. lif -would be -stranye, inldcd", i?;'so many respect- aBte citizens sin'ould" unite iu a. conspi racy to repudiate 'thar engagements at such a terribitei" rislc. But these cases should act as a-warcing to the public in general to ressb'itely refuse to hiive any dealings with- £?tie wily book-fiend ; and though we caxa-ot recommend the Ame- - rican methodlaf ' 1'oesing the hall-dog or- taking down-- the- shot-gun,., we car;- seriously advise- onsr readers to. " Listen- not to the vsi(r;e of" the charmer, cliarnj-i he never so-' wisely and, above ally, lon't sign wthtt-lg. The Beech- worth Show. — A meeting : of ladies deswemstof bringing taa successful 1 issue the effate-ts of the committee appointed : to make the necessary arrangements for- holding a i3iuce auction and concert iii. connection w-itit- the above association was; lielcfin the Town Hall, Esechwortli, .on- Thursday afternoon. There were present' — Mrs Gammon; (in the chair). Mesdames; Billson, W." JL Turner. ATderdice, E). Tanswell and' Finch, andi Blisses Flower,. Harper, and; C. Flower: Mr O.. Jl. Flower, wlio- was presenttby requesik.ex:- plained Hie a&iect; of the- Bruce auction: and concert;, and stated that if sufiteienu money ooulS "be raised! there was. eveay probability <if the committee ereriiiig a permanent- building; fo-n- Hie exhibition; of horticaltlu-au! prodncts.;: but in the-mesan- time tliey would bet satisfied to rtiise sufficient- aaoney to arect the pw/pcaed tenqv-ow;/- str retire-.. . T!r; next business was ijlie- u-3ecti>u of .-'wsident, and; this posifii'ii- w.ts nn? n;ii:i.(rs'y -.onfeiTed! upon Mrs Gaiieuiirn. Foj- .iiae oftice oF treasurer Mrs. IT. T. Til -nor w:w unanimously elected, on th o motion of Mrs G'annnon, seeondnd by .Mrs Billson. After discuss ing the best, possible means to.be used in canvassing the district, it was finally decided to make; the intersection of Ford mk! Camp streets- the stnrting- point, and to- divide the district as follh.ws : — Froivu ,Baiih of Victoria, corner to Asylum Hill; I Three Mile wad and Newtown bridge, to> |he canvassed by Mesdames Gammon nad! I Tanswell; From Post-ofi&e; corner to jVsvlum resssi- vc, Bed Hill and Havelock- i-oad, Mesifaitnes Billson and Turner ; from Bank of New South "Wales to Holmes's Creek, Sydney and Havelock-roads, by Misses Flower and Harper ; from Corner Hotel b> Holmes's Creek, Newtown and Three Mile, by Misses C. Flower and A. Dodck Mrs It. Finch was also appointed to canvass, with no defined district, and the meeting adjourned till "Wednesday, I£6h inst., at 4 p.m. A number of promises have already been received, and a successful result is anticipated. ' Sworn In.— On Thursday last Mr Morris "Brash, of Wangaratta, was sworn in by Mr Dobbin, P.M., as an honorary magistrate. CAHRYiNGf-TrMessrs X Barry. and! Co.; liave commenced business as carriers at. Beechwbrtlii' under the management of Mr Ted Thornton. The new firm have pro- .eiired . a . splendid loiry, built upon the latest an d most improved principles by Mr Wangaratta, and are .pxripSred t6give-.;s8rict-:attentiOii to all' orcfea with. which they may be favored. Wbslevan Cugikuii. — Hie Rev. E. T oiiTsiii ;- of -WodoiisR). will preaclx at BeeclnvOitli morning and yeuing, ancHat Stanley in the' ' afteniioou, to-morrow: (Sunday)). The'Rev-.- Okborne, the' minister' ofi the churclu atf Beechworth., .lviLL thattday conduct Sniidiiy-ssliool anni-- versary services at Bet-haUgai- The: Foiissteus' .Anisvrsasbi.— The. tweiity-fourth: anniveraar ytof G&txb; Robin Hood, A\0.F., at Beecli worth will be celebrated' in. the., customary manner on the. Prince; of Wales. Birthday;.: TIie-,pro- grainine ivili'diily appear imth'ese columns. Beechworth? United CSsickeo?" SIlub. — Tlie. annual meeting of members; and in'etidifig members of tlia- above- elub takes place on Thursday evenings at S o'elpck, whem the committee's report for ;.tlievpas4-r' year will be receivodiand office-bearers- for the. coiarng season elected. y iNDErENDEtTTr CbURCH. — T!fe Revv - D. Cecil will conduct the servfses in the independent Ghurch, Beechwc-rth',- mid'-'at the Three Mile, to-morrow amSthb-follow- ing Sunday. : The ChiltuHINroad.— At thb; lasfc meeting of the Chihern Shii-s.-Oduncil', Councillor Martin-, moved that- the engr-i aeer report at. next meeting o;:. -the st-ate of the Beecli worth-read and tke unex .pended portion of the Government granir to- be spent on idfe-roa. Councillor Blari-;- seconded the motion, stating -tbat the uoad was in a dreadful state., and if ifr were not repaired ' at once the council' may have to payieavy damages x.nd law Expenses. 'The nietiaa was esu'ried.- Hbuncillor -Weirke- considered tliat it; 'would; be advisable fos- the road'SHian-to- 3cep the road in repair until tenefers were- called for the work;: ErafAxrc Ast Exxensicess— Tlie FbBlie Works Department on TEarachiy decided to re-acilvertiee tenders- fir the erection - of four cottages for adlctitionaT sacommeclation at the Beechworth Lai na tic Asylum (nude side).- Ato' ITmsuccesskuil Attempt-. — Ah attempt wj ,s made to break out of- the Melbourne . Gaol on Wednesday night by simneiv whtc > were confined in an associated cii" The attempt was made shortly bWbre 1 J.) ;l.-.ck. but the noise was heard byv ;v- wau'ri r who was on duty in - the cerridbr. Hi 3 immediately gave thealarm ; the cell dbe-i was opened, and it was then found' that one of the prisoners liad' endeavcoed! to force out an iron bar from thb "window with adable-knife which had' been seenot id in the cell. An inquiry will': be mnu le to ascertain how the-knife was obtain e-i . by the prisoners, SiGErriSIo uks ssbvement in Wanga- rxsta) — Ax leeting of persons interested' in; the -eight- hours movement was lield at Ford's Chit ;rion Hotel, Wangaratta, on Salmi-day- evi thing, when there was a-good" aitsndknee- of youns men, the members or the blhic" ksmithing and cnachbuilding fi- hterirityrpii eponderating. Mr P"oole -was elected to- iiJ te chair; by unanimous con sent! . Sevres ral . speakers addressed' the meeting- in. i avor or1" the proposal to estab lish 'the eig-l . -hoart? system in the town;, the vrews>8'3 -.pressed finding favor with all present-, . rib o decided to form themselves into a comtn littee for the establishment- of" a btanclb -a f the eight-hours society. A deputa-tioi.., consisting of hlessrs-. Erhslie, J'." Fl'HiiKQffj and Pbole, was appointed to interview t' he masters in the matter of shorter-iiG.fi rs of labor. ukisazzh. emext-ev Bank Officials:: — At tho- Nfe-u ng (N;S"..W.) Circuit Court on Tifesday (S< jorge Sydney Evans and Thos.. Driver;, for merly ma.nager and aeconntant respectivisity of th'e Bank of New South Wklessair. CJowra. .were found strilt'y of em bezzling tlie bank ftmds. The evidence for. the-prosechtion.-srent to show that by the-ooIi23ion of the- prisoners £2500 had? been- misappropriate®, but it was set up in- def- enai- that th e-books had been manipip- iiited to kindness, to- anstomers in order to oono?al overdrafts and that - the bank weuldi not lose rrithip persons to- whom the ove-roafts had b'een.. indiscreetly eranted paid1 the amounts-; really due from them; Evans was senvaneed to five nntt Dwyer to- four years imprisonment. j DkfflGETT AND ' ©0. LlMiTED>. — At thh- general meeting t o be held in London on-. jhV 21st inst. . of Dalgety and Coni)an-y Limited, the- directors propose to reconw piarwl to the shareholders that a dividend o'e declared of- per share, being at -.the- rat® of S per cento-er annum, and making,. W-iirA interim-., dividend already declared and paid, p«r cent pernmnum fo:v-t, lie- twelve irionih's- anding SOtii- June. After- making tlne-nllbsvanee for bad and d .nibt- 'firi debts, £30?£(li0 will be applied in redno-? tfisn of goodwill account, leaving the! asserve fund'£I20,000, as-- before. i Bib-xt: Sscistv jMestings. — Bl-.blFe laaeetings in-connection with the Bfeeoh- I worth auxiliary of the British and Foreign (Bible Sooiety were hsld at Everion.aod fjafc Wangeratia on the- 7th and 8th iirat, At the former the Rev. J. A. Osberne and Messrs D. Fletcher and J. Seucuett comprised- the deputation, and t5e ineet- imr was iioild in tha Weslevan, ©hrarcli. The attemdancrt was-, gratifying,, astid a substanfihli collecfci.-m. was macls iaaid of the society's funds. Addresses! we-re de- livered'thy :he meixBo353 of the depuration, the Row, J. A. Osborne also acian in the capacity »f chairctan. Mr 3A-. Alexander and- his choir lent- their valuable aid, and enli-saneA the proceedings with t.lic'r f musical: renderings. Mr Migh JoH'rey waa re-elected local secretary, and iVlissea Mason and "Ward- collectors; Ercrton. w31' do well for- the society imrs year. Mir Jeffrey hospitably enteitaiKsct the depai- tat'ic.n. Tlie-. Wangaratta. meeting was iol'-d jiu' 'lie Dresbyterkoji. Church, and was satisfactorily attendedL The ltov. .Henry J. Fho-le acted afl chairman, and conducted the proceedings in a genial and expeditions, manner. Addresses were I delivered ©« various aspects of Bible society -work by the deputation from I Beechworth, Messrs Sc-nnett and Knight, and the Rev. S. Harris ami the chairman. .The Rev. A. M'Dosald, local secretary, was re-appointed to that position, and' Misses M'Gregor and Mauley, the sue- cessfnl collectors of last year, were abo re-eleet.ed. "Votesof thanks were heartily passed to the choir and organist for their kind services, and to Rev. A. M'Donald and Miss M'Donald for their kind hospi tality to the members of the deputation. The society's work at Wangaratta. under the effective management of the Rev. A . M'Donald is of a most encouraging char:. - ter, and it is confidently expected that) Wangaratta will again do well for the i current year. A meeting was held at tbej; Three Mile on the 10th inst , an account . j of the proce--dincs being given in our correspondent's letter, in another column ''.J! H if J.J Death'" ojf Mks . " Sotji-by," sen. — It is with, , sincere rcgre. t;:iliat we 'have.i'tb chronicle tlie cT«i-th a. f Mrs jane Thomp- Js6nS6ulby, mqSser «? Mr W. -T.- Soulby, ;of Beechworth;:, at. '"whose residence in Finch-street, tlie1 . sad, event. occuiTcd "on Thursday: inoriiihs hist: 'Three weeks ago Mrs Spubly had ith-emfel ortune to, fall' and brehlc. her left ifhiglr — -a vz ryserions-Ahatter at" Iter advanced1 age- (eight y-two) - and de spite; surgical skill', sarehul nursing .and every possible srSibntfony tihe shock to tlie. system resultecT. fatally ph . the daymen-; tionetT. Tlie.de'seasec? Tady was a native- of Yorkshire, anff wliejvtvye.nty years1 old' was' married to AS MiciiaeT Soulby, with whom'tliirty-thrce-j'eaiwago- she came to this eolony, arrivihg m> B'ec cliwortte in- .1850, and having- lived' iiiera ever since. |Hfer"htisband, wlio-was a-geirWiimaii lielcHii; jliigli estoem, died in 'A'prfi IS62, he being also an octogenarian (his span of life hav ing been 80 The- funeral, eit- Friday morning, wssrvery largely attended; tlie 'resi>ect in riliieli'the -famify: is herd" being'sliown by tbe crowd 'of representative townsmen who comprised" tlie- mourners.. Tlie 'burial service of 'fife Church "of Eng land 'was read by tSfe'Rev: G'. F. Cross, and tlie funeral arrangemenfenve-ye carriect ouir'by Messrs Greig and' Wil'son in tlieiri well-known efficient sianner;- . ; "Home Rule." — Aperforman-se under the above title will bogivenby the Taylor- Carringtoh; Company iti th'e Oddfellows Hall; - Beech worth, cwTiiescCay evening, and the- following evening the company will visit YaekandariiSah. Friday's "Be- nalla Standsird," in nntieinsr the nlav. writes-:— It is foundccTon Mr (T. R. Hall's patriotic" novel, entitled." " A' Loyal Son of Erinv" opening in a -scene at Dnnny- broolc Fail. Througifont the idea is to try and'coimsct Phillip ire' and — a Home . Ruler,, hut not a dynamitarrT — with a j Secret society called "-The Glen "Vlioig ' Boys.77 TTiis society Ireland holds in abhorrence, on accomr-ii of the ni-anner in which they- plot assassination and other unlawful ' act®. Wliyse-Dciy e and Tom Mulcahy/.tvm memhersmf this body, are throughout tbe piece trying to bring about Ireland's ntiw. on accivunt of his refusal to join th'cnr, and. as may be imagined, kery startling incidents arc gone- th rough. Tlie chief ci'mractov is Willy Reilly, a gossoon ivli-o is man'y instrumental in de feating thb ewds of Doyde and his confreres. This pttrfc was ably sustained by Mr Taylor, who has frequently shown Benalla audiences how capable-he is of ponrtraying ' .Irish cTiarrrcters. and his performance on WednpstiAv night was no exception to the gener-il rule. Miss EITa- Carrtngton, as :M>iry Iven-nv, was equally wclT at home, aiid'elic'te'd loud apnlansc for her render ing of the part. Mr <37 M." Keegan is to be congratulated on showing what a coward' and a villain Whyse Doyde could he, -.while Mr H. .7. PHmmer creditably carried' out his duties as Lieutenant Eng land.. Tliis notice would be iheomplete ;with'out mentioning the splendid scenic ellects-- which were introduced; and in this respect we have no hesitation- in saying it Is by far the best play- ever put on the stage at the Shire Hall. ; bfiecmvorth Mctual. Tmprovejient 'Society.— The members of this society met' on Tuesday evening. There was an attendance of 29, Mr Rt Harper-presiding. The-minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Mr Stewart moved tliat the society meet next'Tiiesday even ing;, loth inst., and every alternate Tues- day- thereafter. The motion was seconded by-Mi Greig, and carried: Tlie secretary stated that he had been receiving circulars and magazines from Dt Bltrnardo, of London, and would' be glad" to receive subscriptions from tlie members towards the doctor's work.. It wa3 decided to leave the matter to tlie members to hand ih-> any voluntary subscriptions to the secretary, who will' keep tlie list open for a fortnight. The resignation of Mr R. Finch, jnn., who has -lfeff, tlie district, was accepted with regret) and'two-nominations for membership were -received. Arrange ments. were made for conducting a- quarterly manuscript maeaztne, the first .number of which will' be read at the 'aocietv's meeting on the -25m November;- i'Ail information concerning the sime can ibe smnpb'ed bv the-bonorarv and assistant 'seere-ai-ies. Mr W." H'.. Tliomson being calierf upon for a reading, gave a chapter b-u "Bulls," a humorous collection of mistakes committed in speaking and writ ing'.. Messrs Flovd," Taylbr, Greig, M6r- ton, Stewart and Harper commented upon bo -reading. Mf J. Simpson than read' a selection from the " Royal Path of Life" Upon Courtship and Messrs Stewart, jFloyd, Greig and Harp-' r spoke upon-the snbjiect. Mi./7 Harper read a description of" a "Disturbance in a-.®hurch," beiny a detoiled description of 'the consternation caused by theappearauoe of an obnoxious biped, and the various devices adopted to prevail upoi>« it to retire quietly. The reeding was criticised "by Messrs Mbrton lam! Taylor.-. On Thesdav, loth inst., |Mr Darton will read his essay- upon j" Labor and Capital:'" ! AVangakatta Licensing Court. — (Permission/ was grsnted to Mb John jFnlton to hold a dance at the Moyhu Hall on the night of the-iVEbyhu Picnfe-. ! The ciriiiage. op Grain. — Speaking in the Assembly om Thursday,. Mr Fer guson, member for the Ovensj remarked that lie thought tile- minimum amount of wheat carried at, tlto lower rates on the railway-should he Deduced frmni two tons to half :a ton. Fhrsner3 who changed seed wheat .with othsrsrata distance were com- pelleddo pay a very heavy freight on it. The practice ofe-xchanging wdieat should! bv er.« iuraged-1. Aluct-v Maml-kt. — Messrs O. L. GrifBbh- and. Co. report holding ili&ir; usual fort- nightly Albany market on- Wednesdiity, when they yarded 3500 3beep and -ioO caWtle, to a, good attendtmce of buyers. Iieht shorn; wethers, ta- 7s ; shorn ewes, to 6s ; shopK- store wethers (small), to 53 StL Lambs, from 7s t.«. Ta 8 1 . "BuSioeks, £7 to £8 30k. Cows, £6? to £6 15s. I COM.MU'NTCATrONS IktELINKD. — AY® l»USt decline to publish two letters received from coaresponilenta at El Dorado ; as apart fuom tbo fact that they deal with a case that is sub juctiae, they contain state ments that bear a clearly libellous con struction. Prorogation of the N. S. W, Par- i.iaMent. — The New South Wales Parlia- nii lit was prorogued at noon on Thursday. The: vice-regal address, in reviewing the legislation of the session, states that pay ment of members was assented to, although against the views of . His Excellency's advisers. An Abandoned Charge.— The charge against Thomas M'Intyre of assaulting the youtig woman Margaret Sheppard at the Chinese Camp, "Wedonga, vollaped ->t t.h In :a j j-fihuu Ciiiirt > i "I'li >toila v. 'Since M'lij tyre's arrest the p -lie..; pr"- ceedings against Rbepp ir.l fpr v-v-ancy, and ''he woman left the 'o vn im Bteilne- i:vy. Ai' fn'yre was 'is .h >i— e ', and a wa I L" t will "O is -ill.- 1 fiir 'h-; ilivc-it vf t-llil w ia-v . . . ... .. .Elkgtutcity for.: Albuiiv.— At the Ai: biii-y'Bo'-()ugh Coiiiicil meeting on Friday : notice of iinitioiy was given -that at .tlie- next meeting- the"; council take into, con- 1 sidcra'ion the advisability of lighting the ' town by electricity. OB -— Robert Landells, now lying under seii- tence .of cleatii in the Melbourne Gaol for the: murder of Peter J. Sheriock, still presento a calm and undisturbed demea- :nri He - has been visited by his wife, who endeavors to buoy him up- with the nope of a reprieve or commutation of the death sentence. It is stated, that Mrs Lan-dells has some hope3 that Lord Car- raifton, Governor of New, South' AAra1esr ,wrlli. mtercedfe on 5>ehalf ' . ..o-f i: Landelfs. ,i.'hu- - ground s »Iie lias for believing this as : that" Landells .lervedrin the same cavalry :reg)sient in India as Lord Harrington y miat on one eccasion His Escelleney's horse fell with him, sad that: Landells; was'inatrumentai' in savfng- Lord'- Carring- toil from' either % violent death or very severe injuries. Whether Lord: iDiirring- tbn wiUor will net intercede in the case,! oamnot,. of course,- at present' be said. The; J attempt,. however, wilL.be made toinduce f him to do so. Landells dces-notr- appear to be very sanguine .-that any attempt to . pverb his doom will be successful. I The jSaarimba Case. — Wednesday's | "Bendige- Independent" states g--Tlie j|fro principals in i-heTevolting.-casefeown j as tlie ""Ivaariniba- Horror)" M'Caaron |.in.d liis casighter, arrived iir - Sand l:i-prat ' 'dY toe express train, in chasrge oGr.goaiTi; -Callander and Pfaih-cloizteB i-Unstable "Wardley, ;:«d were placed' m riie gaol. Tile trial for the murder" th&jr; infante is to take place inSandhuva-t ca Thu sd'ayr 17 th insifc. at the Assizes, the ven ue > having been changed front' ritepparton; liecause public feeling ran so-j high'over tife- e»se there that ii' vras ncii.j thepght tlieMrcCarrons would have a fair-! trial. Hacr.it been known' that- the two- prisoners were to arrive by lr.se' night's" ; e -spress traihypbsre woui<3 cloubtfdss haves been a tremeuctons gathering oSfmorbid | sightseers. As il was, the- sight of- ra wo- | man and a liaud, cuffed maw in charge of " several police- constables- did nob excite I mare than usual curiosity. M'Ca'pron is ;i powerfnlly-biiili man, scat1 liis incarcera tion has told en him, audi we- understand that he -hay lost liearlyv three stone in weight- since-- Ills arrest" by Defectives Salisbury and AAT'lliams. His aic is un mistakably that of tlie busffi, '>as is -also his apparel, and Iris daughter-, --who is- a dull- lcoking, but-very shout, sfrnng waman, is, if possible, still more of a.mstic-. -. The Diaijond Drili. . at "Wood's PbiNT. — The- diamond drili has jrist gone through 2 feet 3 inches cf reef at a depth oF 390 'feet in the Monaug Strip Hill, Woods Point-, with good 'gold Visible iu the core. CONSTABLES Fined. — At the Brisbane Police Court on Wednesday two revenue constables were each fined lO.s'- and costs for-- falsely representing-- themselves as travellers, with tlie object of fintrapning a 1 publican i into supplying them with' liquor oil Sunday. . The publican who supplied the liquor was tlien charged with a breach of the Licensing Act for selling on -Sfmday3. Tlie publican's counsel raised an objection that no - notrrc of prosecution - h'ril been given, as-- provided by the Licensing Act. Tlie Bench upheld the objection, and difemissed the-case. Floods ; ik> the Lachlax District. — Reports from the Lachlan 'district state that the river is still high and' likely to remain so. . A letter from th'e- town ship of Maude announces that the river is still rising, and several of tho residents have been compelled to leave th'eir-hcnses and remove to the high ground: The last rAmily that-had to shift was = tliat of Mrs Wheatley. The water lih.d' surrounded the 'dwelling, which is thtee miles from Maude, f6r a distance of rat least a mile. (The water bad risen two feet' in some of -the rooms.. News was brought, to the townspeople- of the dangers Mr Wheatley is away from home, and this -added to the alarm of the other memhersmf the family. Two young men, Messrs Murphy =md Welsh, went out to the place-, 7>ut before reaching the liouse they - were compelled to swim their horses a -distance of . 100 yards. Affer some difficnliy-tliey managed to get Mrs- W hea-ley and dier- daughter on to a higher- piece of ground',, and th».y are now safe -from any danger-- for some time to come.. The cbadjutor BiShop of Sand hurst. — By the last mail the ATery Rev.- Dean Tferney, pastor, of St. Joseph's"; Church,. Beechworth, received a lefcter- from the Right Rev. Dt-Reville, O.S.Ai,. coadjutor- Bishop of Sandhurst, in which it appeared that his lordship was enjoying good health. The home papers to hand' say that Bidiop Reville- was, at the de parture of the mail,', the guest of tlie Bishop ©f Ferns. Dr -Reville will finally leavelreland for Rome- early in Novem ber. His Lordshio will' remain in tlie Eternal City till January, and will then leave for Australia. Hexnay be expeetad iu Sandhurst in February or early)- in Marollv Scene tn the (South Australian; As sembly. — Late on AYednesday niglitr Mr Ward created a seen© in the SotoR Aus tralian Assembly "dy appearing in. a. state of' intoxication, and: incolierenfcTy stone walling the finall'sfcnges of the Owi'er- Har bor Bill. A good1 d'eal of indignatibn was felir by the members present. On the House meeting oni Thursday, Mr -Play ford ;asked whether the Premier intended t.o Jshow his disapprobation of Mf "Ward's conduct by moving some other- member into the chair.. Ifc would, he-said, he the first time thai such a proceeding was i necessary. In- t-esnotise te. interjected demands, M&\- Ward rose, and' offered a : half-hearted apology, and adlmitted tliaf he had a few- more whiskeys- than usual. He proceeded on Thursday- to meet his j constituents', and declares tbat if they condemn h-i-m also he will resign. Arrest- of an Alleged. Bigamist. — On Thursday evening Can-table Dalton, in- Melbourne-, returned from Brisbane with Arthur Alexander Syal'ctmg, thirty-siis, clerk, i» his custody. Spalding is charged with having gone through the ceremony of marriage with a young woman named Margaret Leyden, of Fitzrny, on the- 6th june of lsist j'ear, whilst his wife, whom he married in Sydney, tva3 still alive. He was arrested by Detective Grimshaw, of Brisbane, at tlie office of the Equitable Insurance Company, Eagle-street, in that city, and made the following remarkable statement : — " There is nothing in it. I met the girl in Melbourne. I must have heen drunk, and been taken to a minister. I knew nothing about it until four months afterwards. I bad a row 'with her and spoke about it the same night. , She knew I was a married man, .but said,: ' I will not round on yon." Rutherglen Yinegrowehs' Associa tion.- — The Itutherglen Yine'growers As- s iciation lias urged upon tlie Board of Y.riculi.nre the :ul viaability of having, cer- t hi i resolutions p.asssd »t a m'eriing "f the association on the 14th ult.,' ca-ricl into effect. They ask' the"G<»verninent to in- crease the duty on all iinn-rtod wmv-s fo 12s r'er gallon. 'I'he . asmcut'on': f"rrh -r complain i hat the ' G-'elong: < \- )oi rfi- : againi Ivgaii p!a>itii)"g' in the ':iif"-t';"1 ' 1 i.->- hind th-y also ask for the JVi't >' loo:- j tion of an Insects Pest Bill. The eo n- ; munication is to be rofurrail ui head- j quarters. J 