THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. Froji a showman's poiut of view tfcu week . which ends to-nighc bus been an eventful one, as "a consequence of which, actors, actresses, managers, and ail connected with the different theatres have been " up their eyes in it." Rehearsing has been incessant, involving steady application for ' the ' poor player," and hard, hard work for ; scene hands and the one hundred and one people employed around, above, on, -and underneath the stage. To-night will, bring its important hours to the showman, for it will mark the production in two houses of pieceB entirely new to Sydney. Whilst on the topic of pieces new to Sydney, we may here be permitted to ex press our gratification at what appears to ub a growing indication on the part of managers to make our city the scene of . first productions in the colonies. Hitherto we of Sydney have had to wait until Melbourne audiences had expressed their opinion, ' and then, in nine ; cases out of ' ten, we have exactly reversed it. Gut now that we are to have the first view — and one firm has distinctly stated its intention of putting all its new pieces on the Sydney stage first — we shall be able to note how our verdict is treated by the Melbourne public when at length tnei pieces reach them. This priority which we are to have may seem a small matter, but personally we hail it with satisfaction, as denoting the recogni tion by managers of Sydney as a show town of equal importance to the capital of the southern colony, a concession which not. long ago would not have readily been admitted. During the week profits have not been large, and in every instance the theatreB'were fully capable of holding those who sought admittance. For some reason or other best known to . themselves, the management of Her Majesty's Theatre have determined to make this evening a grand, souvenir night. The significance of the ex pression will be more readily under- steod when it is explained that everybody who attends Her Majesty's this evening will find a number on his or her ticket. The management will make one number a winning figure, and whoever of the audience holds the ticket corre sponding, will pull off the prize. A separate prize will he awarded each for the circle, stalls, family circle, and gallery. The system has, we know, been tried before, and has, we believe, been. found, to work well, but for all that, for our own part, we are not pleased to see manage ments adopt it. It is also the intention of the authorities to allow all those who pay for. admission to- night to retain their tickets, which will be available for them selves or their friends any evening during the run of " Youth." If we held the proud position enjoyed by Mr. M'Donald we should, in our simplicity, get all those " stiff 'una " in the same evening. Saves the trouble, you see, of making the house up. And then again, if you rounded them all in on the same evening, think what an indulgent house you would have, for no one conld dare to ask for his money back, nor would there be the least compunction in firing anyone out upon the least expression of dissent. Come to think the thing over, perhaps the scheme has its advantages, but we fear the benefit will not be a lasting one to anybody concerned, unless to the lucky number-holders, and, viewing the whole thing calmly and coolly, we are sorry that the management should have taken the Btep. Of the play itself we can simply repeat our praise, and although "Youth" is in its eighth week, it still draws its share of public support. Seats may be secured six days in advance, the simpler method, however, being to walk in when you want to see the show and sit down on one. Before a crowded, and evidently delighted house, A, W. Pinero's comedy, " The Magistrate," was given by the clever Criterion Company for the last time last nigh t.We feel sure that to most Sydney play- goers ike run of the comedy named will seem all too short, but, leaving in the hauls of the managing powers the right to know beat, we look forward, not backward, and turn our attention to the next dish from their choice menu to be placed before us. As far as we can recollect, we have never' seen a performance of Mr. D. Boucieault's comedy, " Forbidden Fruit," so we muBt depend to some extent upon " just what we ve been told, you know," and upon reference and research for our information as to the character of the ' work. So well is the author's fame known, that we need but say that the comedy in question appears to be written in the great playwright's very best style. In its constitution there is humor keen and plenty, and its dialogue sparkles with the brilliancy which invariably Burrounde the works of the author we refer to. The comedy will be produced by the same able people whom Messrs. Brougk and Bouci- - cault have always retained forthe entertain ment of their patrons, and the names of ladieBand gentlemen identified with the greatest theatrical triumphs of late yoars appear on the bill. Sydney Grundy's " In Honer Bound," will act as a curtain-raiser, so early attendance is necessary. Floreat Joe Daviso I and down with Parkes I Not satisfied with cramming the Gaiety every night, Hiscocke and M'Mahon have packed up their show and dropped i , down on the floor of the Exhibition Build ing. By this means they hope to plunder this groaning city still further, and to carry away with them to foreign and other parts still more bulky proofs of the good judg ment of the Sydney public. Well, lfs many a long day Bipce the old Gaiety was fonnd too small to hold its house, and the very thought of it actually broke Larry up, and the famous thumper of men is said to have fallen on Hiscocks' neck, and wept silently. Anyhow, the Gaylord-Silbon lot will open for four nights at the Exhibition Building this evening. All arrangements have been made to ensure a successful entertainment, and the SU- bons will do their big trapeze act from the lofty roof. Visitors will be accommo dated comfortably, and due announcement of His Excellency's visit will be made, LoverB of high-class music capably treated may indulge in its enjoyment at a moderate outlay juBt at the present time. The Italian artists promised, when the present season was opened, to supply their patrons with opera rendered in an artistic and acceptable manner, and to our thinking they are fulfilling their guarantee, Verdi's beloved "IlTrovatoro" is the bill just now, and admirers of that particular work should take the oppor tunity of hearing these people render it. It is easy enough to say nice things about a show, but it is quite a different matter sometimes to sit the performance through with pleasure, flhat have we done, how ever, at the Opera House, and our interior was loaded with enjoyment by reason of the sweet melody. If success came (and mind, we think it should) only to the virtuous and to those of unswerving integrity, we should straightway dub Mr. Frank Smith a very paragon amongst his fellows, and hold him up ns a pattern of morality and purity of purpose to Foreign-trade legislators and others of the nngodly. For if there is any significance in the verb to "get there," Mr, Frank Smith has certainly arrived. As a rule we are not envious, nor do the ardent dutieB of our profeBBion allow ns time in which to covet the goods of our neighbor ; bnt, if we might be ' permitted to choose a means of obtaining a livelihood, please we should like the Alhambra and the little trimming, including Hie luck.whioh attends every new production. In the obesity of onr opnlence we would then establish a home for olderly pressmen, a theatre for amatenr actors, and an asylum (in the wil derness) for the preachers of Foreign-trade and ite attendant fallacies. Bnt the Alhambra is owned away from us, so we must even continue to point out to the public the excellence of the entertainment given there, which, by the way, is precisely the reason for all the good fortune and affiuence we have spoken of. A grand complimentary concert was given by the Lambtch Choral "Union on Thursday evening to Mr. Thomas J. Jones, their conductor. The Music Hall, the largest building in the town, wob literally crammed. The choir sung, " Their Sound is Gone Out," and " The Glory "Of the Lord" and "Worthy is the Lamb." Several soups were given by the leading vocalists of the district. Mr. Jones is deserving of the compliment paid him. This afternoon, at the Carrington Grounds, an exhibition of the art relating to the use of the parachute as a means of easy and graceful descent from a giddy height will be given by the world- known aeronaut and parachutist Pro- fesBor Baldwin. The Professor's name and fame have reached every corner of this planet where the word balloon is under stood, and hiB past successes have been noised from Jerusalem to Woolloomooloo. To-day he will ascend iu his balloon " City of Quiney," and, wneu ad a great altitude, he will step out and come down with his parachute, alighting right in the grounds. The inflation of the balloon will commence at 2 p.m., and the ascent will take place punctually at 5 o'clocx. On arrival from above "The Professor" will explain how it -is done. For the sake of a talented artiste and a popular lady, and for the sake of those who worked hard and untiringly to make her benefit a success, we are very pleased to be able to say that a houBe of bumper dimensions turned up at Miss Isabel Morria' benefit last night. We could not help thinking the bill a somewhat heavy one for a benefit programme, and although on occasions of this kind audiences are not supposed . to be cap tious, yet to our thinking something lighter as a programme would have better fitted the requirements of the time. The Town Hall Dialectic Assoeia- tion appeared m scenes from "Hamlet." The eaBfc was distributed as follows : — Hamlet, Mr. Richards ; Ghost, Mr. M'Rae; Horatio, 'Mr. Layton; Mareellus, Mr. Palmer; Bernardo, Mr. Paton. The bal cony scene from "Romeo and Juliet" (Mr, and Miss Warner in the parts respectively) proved, a . treat; and for his delivery of the Queen Mab speech Mr. "Vincent, as Mercutio, received one of the finest rounds it has ever been our pleasure to hear, Mr. Dick Stewart looked handsome as Benvolio; Mr. Warner, as the enraptured lover, was distinctly pleasing, and MisB Warner as the love-Bmitten Capulet was sweetness itself. Mr. Phil Beck recited " The Temptation of St. Anthony," and as an encore did " A Voice from the Bush." But for the struggles of the com pany to make it go, " The Fool of the Family " would have proved more dreary than a Chinese violin solo, but Mrs. Williamson managed to pull it through. The third act of " The Lady of Lyons," with Mr. Warner as Claude, and Miss Morris as Pauline, finished the business. D uring the evening floral tributes were lavishly bestowed, Misses Warner, Morris, and Maggie . Moore being the fortunate recipients. Miss Morris goes to Melbourne to support Mr. Miln, her Australian engagement not ending until May. We congratulate Mr. Miln on his valuable acquisition. 