A Spiritualistic Marin festation. (Truth.) Fossylo's ill-timed jesting gave Desmond a shock, bringing, as it did, a sudden influx of unpleasant memories to mind. Hisblissfuloblivionvanished, and a vague disquietude entered his soul. His light .hearted, gallant interest in the unknown lady changed into a deeper and more anxious feel ing. For some time he dis-ppeared from the rooms. High or low, how ever, he failed to trace her. No car riago had been called as yet; no guest had left the Castle. The servants knew nothing of her. It was with a somewhat distracted mind that he fulfilled his duties at supper-time. When he had mar shalled their Excellencies and the Vice-regal party into the supper.room, and taken up his place as sentry out side, both thought and care to an un wonted extent were stamped upon his brow. Opposite to him, at the end of the Picture Gallery, was the dancing room door; not far from it, at the side, was one leading into St. Patrick's Hall. Desmond's wander ing gaze was suddenly riveted on the later; a sharp explanation broke from him. He could have sworn that he had with his own hand locked that door at the beginning of the evening. Now he saw it slowly opened, and a -figure appeared-the black lady of the long drawing- room! Even in the distance there was no mistaking the peculiar dress, white arms, and long fan. And again she was alone! Something very like a shudder pacssd over Desmond. How on earth had she got into St. Patrick's Hall ? With a quick catching of the breath he watched her curious, glid ing stop across ths room. In the middle she paused and turned slowly round. The fan no longer concealed her face. Like her neck and arms, it, too, was strangely white. Was hoe looking at him ! His discomfort turned to something deeper. At this fateful moment Captain Spicer appeared upon the scene. Coming from the dancing-room, he sauntered towards the lady. An in stant of intense excitement for Des mond. What would Spicer do ? Would he notice her ? Did he know her ? 'Thank Heavens!' the exclamation nearly broke from Desmond; thebin tensity of this relief. shamed him. ' Pooh, pooh! what a fool l was! A friend of Spicer's-an intimate one, too !' The latter observation was called forth by Spicer's manner. He had apparently not said a word to the lady; at his approach, however, she had turned round and taken his arm. They were not.aspeaking now as they came up the room, nor had Spicer even once looked towards his com-, panion. Desmond, however, was gazing intently at her. He found, to his surprise, on her coming near enough for him to form a judgment, that she was not young, or by any means beautiful. She was a pale, elderly woman, with many wrinkles and a peculiar stare-so curious, that an uncomfortable feeling again came over poor Desmond on finding it steadily fixed on him. Not only did the lady and Spicer inter change no word, but not even a single glance; the staring eyes never moved fromDesmond. 'What in the name of goodness does it mean? Who is this oddity ? I'll swear I sent her no card of invitation. The whole affair must be inquired into.' .: In the midst of his mingled anxiety and annoyance Ddsinond's.. attention was withdrawnfrom the mystery. The Vice-regal party had finished supper, and were leaving the'room. When the necessary official bowing and scraping. attendhnt on this' exit had finished, Desmond at once turned to look for Spicer and his companion. Spicer stood close by at thedoor. But alone ! The lady was not with him. No trace of her was to be seen. Desmond's eager eyes swept comprohensively and hurriedly from right to left; she had quite disappeared ! 'Hullo, Spicer !' he called ouit ; ' whero is your fair friend? Is she not to have any supper ?' Who ? Which ?' inquired Spicer. ,he lady who wa. an yczizarm just now, who walkld up theki~tu? e Gallelry with you, not .. .ninuzt. ago.' Spicer opened his eyes wide, and stared at Desmond. ' What's the chaff, Colonel ? Idoni't understand.' ' And I don't understarid this f1ool-' ing,' said the Colonel, warmly. 'The lady in black. You have just walled up the Picture Gallery with her, I repeat.' 'I walked up the Picture Gallery with no lady.' ' For heaven's sake, stop this huam bug.' The Colonel was very excited. ' It has passed being a joke.' 'I swear to you that no lady in black, that no woman of any sort or kind, was with me.' Spicer spoke gravely. Stroking his moustache, he turned a serious glance of scrutiny on Desmond. ' I cannot make out what you mean, Colonel. A lady in black !' 'Is it his lady in black ?' inquired Fossyle, who happened to come up, at these words. 'Ha, ha! That's Des mond's little joke this evening. Tried it on with me, too. Come along to supper, Spicer. Bring the black lady in to supper yourself, Desmoud,' Fossyle called out, leading Spicer away, 'and introduce us all round. Slke is evidently your own special guest of the evening. Fossylo and Spicer passed into the supper.room; they did not see the change that came over Desmond's face. A dreadful chill had sitruck his heart, the deadly effect of Fossyle's last words. Terrible revelatio !, They suddenly gave shape to his own vague ears. Hoe, Desmond, had a special guest this evening. One who had come to him alone ! Spicer's strange, unconscious manner with the black lady was terribly accounted for. He had not seen her. To Desmond alone was she visible, she who had come at his call, who had taken the card of invitation as a summons to manifest herself! Mrs. M'Dermot! The lady in black could be no other ! He had longed for spiritualistic powers, and now he had themn. Never in his wildest dreams had hu ,: ??~d nor desired manifestations beyond knocks, floatings in the air, &c.; The power of calling up ghosts, visible to his own eye, was far in excess of any thing he desired. It was perfectly awful to think that he possessed it. Before the horror now seiz ing on him, w?'at pretence alln is dabbling in the supernatural seemed ! The lady in black! Mrs. M'Dermot, who had been eighteen months in her grave! Where was she now ? A cold shiver ran through him. What if she should appear again and find him alone in the Picture Gallery ! A sudden panic overpowered him. With one fearful glance around, he reck lessly abandoned his post of duty and hurried into the supper-room. At a table.in the middle a party of the household were making merry. The Colonel was at once greeted by a general chorus:-" Come along. Here you are, Colonel. 'And your black lady ?' Fossyle and Spicer had evidently set *this unfortunate chaff going amongst the party. (To he contin~ed.) 