IttoveUst. The Ghost of Oak Crag. ? — DVT ESTHER SEKLE KENNETH. ( Concluded .) For a moment alio thought it somo wandering vagabond who had sought shelter thcro. Then che caught night of a hand, white aud shapely, hanging nervelessly from tho side of tho bench, and alio know oho was mistaken. At first alio was undccidcd what to do. Then with a sudden thought she went for ward and spoke to tho prostrate figure. \v 41 Aro you ill ? Why aro j'ou here ?' ? man had hoard her stop, and as t 0 °-imenced spoaking, ho looked up, owing faC0 Which seemed familiar to hor, though ho did not rcc0gniS0 it, it vas a dark, Curded, handsomo faco, Yry pale. mid Im^nr-l. Tho figure was Bhrouded m .i cloak, tut t)l0 dress about tlu; seemed von- much disordered, linen CaU«ht ' S-'inpso o£ bloody ' Are you hurl?' she asked. ' / Ho did not answor for a moment, or attempt to riso, but )ay looking it hor with two mournful, Mlow eyes.' :- ? Who nro you ?' lio said nt last. I am Emma Lainar. I livo he o. If you aro hurt, com o into tho hous), and lot mo do what I can for you.' T lie raised himself on his elbow, feebly i^thoring tho cloak over his breast I don t know wliother I am s incr to dio or not, ho said. . ' I'm sick, aid I'vo a cut horo in my breast. If. I culd bo taken care of, I might livo ; butt think it s hardly .Worth while,. .No, I (liink I will ho horo, ho addod, sinking cbwn on tho seat again. T Emma thought ho was dolirioui She wont nearer and looked down iito his laco, as ho_ lay with closod ovesl'tEd a sudden, swift discovory camo to lion' It was tho man they had found appa^ntly dying in tho northwest ohumborj Ho put out his hand ns ho suddenly moucd him °y08 8au' 'lor bonding tbovo ( ''I'll toll you who I am,' hlsaid, tlrnt you may bury mo in tho hmilv hurying ground-Kick Meadows, llaior Meadows Seo here,' with a U,t, bitter simlo, allowing his officer's tress! J ust let mo alono now, if you nleaso ing ' ' '' b° OOIufortabb' -lend by jioru P,nm.°' ^iUSt ??t stay Ilero e^liimod JMnnia, with sudden, swift energy. ' You will freeze to death, ltouso up, I beg ; funiso*' W WUat go into tlle Hor energy soemod. to rouso him. Who is there J' ho asked. t No ono ; will you como V' ' ' -x . ' ShaJl I seo no ono 1 I don't ivailt to moot anyone. 1 ' , 'You will not.' ! th?houBo'taled a ''.H1?'-'1 loo,''g up to Then ho got upon 'his foot— a ;taU. haggard figure— and took' thoarin Ehinia gave hini. I ' You're very good,' ho muttorodi as no passed tho threshold! and suddenly fell sensoless-upon the floor. ? j She never khow.how sho got him into nor' room, and upon tho bed: Whon asked, aftorward, she said ? ' i tl^u Heavy, but 1 did not An instinct of protection for this desb lato man had suddenly seizod upon lior : and, , with the , earuestness of ono to whom fow passions onmc, ; sho- forcot everything in hor absorbing oflbrta for ms restoration, f That ho was omnciatcd, as if from suffering eho discovered ; arid u- v 0:1 md' a' deeP cufc in tho breast,' which, clotted with gore, no longer ' bled. : ,vVx-.- ? ; . . ? His awoon; was friglitfiilly- long, but, \- when he oould speaV, aho gave.'W^fobd and -wjnp,1 fudging rightly -that ho was iu need of nourishment. rV - Aa soon as ho revived, he Baid : - * ;^u Don't let any one kubw.I'mhorb.v iill tell you about myself to-morrow. Thaiik youfbryourkindnosfljlthmkril go^ o flleep now.' 1 t . . ' . - .. . r rfi Then with a long sigh ho closed his eyes and fell asleep aa lightly as a child. V . Hearing her brothor coming, . Emma ? hastily loft tlio room and closed tho door. Westorly flung himself hoavily into a chair, and said : ^ . u Hurry vp snppor, Em ; I havo got to go to- town to-night.' IJp evidently oxpecWd that sho would expostulate, and was 6urpriaod at lier eilenco ; but, hastily swallowing his bujj* prr, ho to«jk himself off. Sho wont back to her room. Tho Btriingor was awake, and put out his naua. ' Como here, please. Tell mo whoso voico I heard.' ' My brother's.' ' What is his namo 1' ? 41 Westerly Lamnr.' 41 Js ho young, broad-shouldered, low browed, dark?' 'Yes.' ' I thought I know tho voice,' ho said. ' I'm so tir^d I' He spoko with a weariness that was not all weariness of tho body. 44 Can you tell, mo about_ yourself now?' *? Thoro is no need ; yet I trust you, if you liko to hear a disngreeablo story. I'm a bad fellow— not a man for a girl liko you to pity and help ; yot I thank you all tho more for what you havo dono for mo. Do you remember ino as Rick Meadows ?*' 'u;n°.' u Vou *vero probably a child when I went away from horo, a boy. My father died, and I wont into tho army. I gob a taint thcro which made me more wild and reckless than I was naturally. I learned to drink and gamble. When tho war Avas over I camo back fro the city where I was b:-rn, but I had no home, no restraining influence for a turbulent nature and looso habits ; and for years my lifo was a whirl of adventures and dangers. Thcro wore times when I grow hcart-sick with mysolf, for I am not naturally a brnto ; ?but I Bpenfc my youth waBtefully, and middle lifo found ino wedded to bad habits, dissipated and immoraed in various difiiculties. Among other things I was in debt ; for I had wasted my share of my father's property. All this must sound to you entirely baso and without excuse. In one senso it was so. Ono day, about a year ago, I was threatened by a creditor; and tortured by my conscience — for tho man was poor and neoded tho money — I. forged my brother's name to a note, satisfying my self with the thought that I would ro deem tho noto beforo it was duo, anil never ropcat so dangerous an act. But bofora tho noto waa due I was taken ill, and remained so for months. Iwaanot recovered until a few weeks of .tho pay ment, and sick-room meditations ren dered mo quite frantic. 44 1 had abandoned gambling, bub 1 turned to' it again, hoping luck would release mo from my difficulties. I was not fortunate ; tho more 1 played tho more I lost ; and, utterly penniless, with a felon's fate staring mo in tho face, I resorted to a deception I had learned while in the anny. I played with your brother, won/all his money, whon ho suspectod mo/and, in a passion, sought my lifo. Ircscaped in the crowd which tho excitement callrd up, and, passing a depot, ilurg myself into tho cars, only deBirious cf leaving the city. But I found that I \\\K&cn; route for Lennox, and ro Roivcd to hide myself hero until I know what boater to do. Tiro n ight beforo lust I camo' here, swung myself on the grape vino yellis to tho porch window, which waa Ainfastcnod, let mj*solf into the house, and wandered about, never droam ing/hero was anyone here. I could not. sle/p, and,' aft°r pacing tho floor for a wKile, I camo down into tho garden. This room my old nurse used' to sleep in, shdsomo sorrowful memory led mo to iho window. I was astonished to' soc you, and, finding that tho house was in part occupied, I thought it unsafe for me to stay, aud left it. I wandered around tho village all: day, unrecognised by the people who usod to know me well. At night I took a fancy to como back to the Crag, bolioving that I should meot no ono bo lato ; but, as soon as I, shut myself in tho closo room, a spasm of suffocating pain seized mo, nndi with tho instinctive fear of death, I rung the bell. Though my body grew rigid and my eyes remained cloaed, -I was conscious of your entering the room, and of all tht*t passed ..in-*lrty presence. When your brotner drew thac keen blado down my breast I was pain fully awaro of it, yot could mako no sign until the blood suddenly started. Ho had left the! room. Springing suddouly into life, I staggered to my feet, clutchod my cloak over my bleeding breast, and let mysolf down from tho window, closing it behind mo in my excitement and sickly terror, fearing pursuit. I staggered down the garden path, and fell fainting upon tho seat of the summer-houso whero you found mo. I had lain there all day. To night I should havo died if you had not been so good a friond. And 3fot death would havo been a hotter friend, Miss Lamar. You cannot cqnciovo of my utter wretchednoss and nndosiro to livo.' 44 But, Major Meadows, if you could livo to redeem yoursolf-—' '?I cannot. A felons cell is my only prospect in life !'' 44 ijow much monoy is required to meet tho note's demand ?' 44 Fivo hundred dollars.' It was more monoy than Emma Lamar had over possessed in hor whole lifo ; yet alio sat silent, trying to think how it could bo gained. Major Meadows lay looking in surprise at tho grave beauty of her quiet face. 4tTeirmo truly, shall 1 trust you?' sho said at last. ' In what manner?' ; ' If I get tiiis inonoy for you, will you return it at a given timo ?' 44 1 will.' - - 44 1 must borrow it, giving my good namo as security. If I do this, will you return it in ono year?' . '* I will.' i * Sho looked stoldily into his faco. It was set in . earnest meaning, and sho believed him. - ^ ; - 41 1 trust you. I will got tho money toi night. 4 And, Major Meadows, I do it as much to inako you trust yourself os to relieve your present distress. If you can return tlio money honorably at tho end of thb year, yc*r wUl have ft' capital of honesty,; porsorcranco, ' and virtuo with which to commence a better future. -Do you understand T' ? V . , I do ; and so help ?mo^ :spirit of my Inothbr, I will uot disappoint your trust, , Miss Lamar. ^ l' y ^ 1 0 ; ,4 Thon I must leave you alono for an^ hour. You aro:quito comfortablo ??- 11 Yoi.' : . ? Tho bravo girl wrapped herself in a cloak, and wont swiftly down 'tho hill, although tho village clockB woro striking nine, and nearly all honest pooplo wero housed for tho night. She went into the heart of tho village, but in less than an hour was rnakjng her way swiftly back. Sho camo jnto tho room so quietly that when sho roturued Major Meadows was startled. She plaoed tho notes beforo him and counted them ovoA 44 Heaven blesu you 1' ho oxclaimed. ? 44 When is this money duo?' uTo-morrpw.' 41 Then you must tako tho hight train ; yot you ilro Hardly ablo.' 44 1 can go vory well now, my heart is so stout,' ho saidi Sho brought him fresh linen from hor brother's wardrobe, and necessary toilot articles ; and then sho left him. In an hour ho camo out, looking liko a different man. 44 It is half-past ten. You havo but half-an-hour beforo car timo,' aho said. . 44 Do you know how I .wish you woro my Bister ?' ho said, looking down at hor. 44 1 wish my brothor know how good a sister I try to bo,' she said, her oyos filling quickly. 'Major Meadows, you aro moro than welcome to what I have dono for you, if you will only keep your promise.' 44 You shall seo how I will koop it. You will be horo at tho end of a year V' 44 1 shall bo in town. Tho old clergy man at tho parsonage will know whero I am.' 14 Good-bye. I cannot thank you.' 44 God help you ! Good-byo.' And he strode away from tho door in tho moonlight. Tho next day it was liko 'a droam to Emma Lamar, Only in her heart thoro seomed a fresh chord alivo. They went back to the cottago, for Westerly still continued tho practice of visiting tho city at night. Ho grew very dissipated, and, when she expostulated with him, ho flow into so violent a passion as to silenco her. In hor hopelessness sho allowed herself sometimes to think,— 44 If Major Meadows does well, and lives to como back, I think ho will bo my frieud.' She was awaro that she did not seo him as others saw him ; and that any prudent mother in tho place Would bo shocked at the idea of her daughter regarding such a man as Major Meadows with friendly in terest. Sho only realised that ho was somo ono with whom she was in sympathy, and that ho had wished sho was his sister. FriendloRs girlo have innocontly dono for worse than this. Tho spring and summer passed. All tho neighborhood realised that Emma Ijanvir had a groat trial with her brother. ITo waa noticeably dissipated, and Prof. Gardner threatened to discharge him from his claps. He would bo in tho city away from his studies weeks at a timo. Iu tho fall he was publicly oxpeiled from tho instituto, tho professor declining to excuse his conduct lougor, and he im mediately disappeared from the town. Everybody pitied Emma Lamar ; but she could hardly look any paler or moro distressed than sho' had dono for a year past, Sho had also another anxiety. It waa Ntfvomber, and the monoy sho had borrow was duo. It terrified her to think of its failuro j yet sho seldom thought of that. Sho had an instinctive trust that Major Moadows would not br«ak his promise. Ono night thero was a terrible storm. Sho sat alono ob hor work, whon thoro camo a sound of heavy footstops, and her brothor burst into tho room. 44 Oh, Emma, savo me !' ho cried. 44 Westerly, what is it ?' sho o^olaimod, starting up. * 41 1 havo broken into tho Morchaut'a Bank, and tho oflicers aro after me.' Emma Lamar sank down in dospair. . 44 Oh, for a friend !' sho cried. There came a knock at tho door. A fine-looking man, whom sho did not im mediately recogniso, entered. Tho noxt moment sho know it was Major Meadows. ' 4 Miss Lamar 1' ho said. 41 Oh, Major Moadows, toll mo— toll mo what to do for my. brother !' exclaiuiod Emma, turning to him with a manner which betrayed her faith in him ; and, indeed, ho looked worthy of it— healthful, composed, happy. 44 Toll nio what is tho matter.' 44 My brother is to bo arrested. Ho hatffe^ltcna bankT^' ' ? ^ -?'It was quitii a gravo matter. Tho 1 officors camo to 'tho cottago aud arreated Westerly Latrar; but tho following day Major Mondows became bail for him^ and ho was ro]eas-cd. Through tho major's intercessions Ifo was finally acquitted, for ho had been only accessory to tho crimo. But ho had received a thorough check in his reckless airoer, and promising his frionds ho won d do better, ho went to California, whir » ho turned his attention to business and c jd woll. Major Moaio vs had auccooded to his brothor's property, and was a wealthy man ; but tho (hjio hundred dollars that ho r. turned to Emma Lamar ho had earned ovory cent, by tl|o labor of his hands. Ho had acquired regular habits and regained hissolf-rcspoctjAid when ho asked Enima Lamar to' bo his 4ifo, bIio was not ashamed to say that aho loVed hini, Tho oldMeadowahouoowasrofurnished, and thrown opon, A happy family gathered in it, arid rosy children played in tho garden. They littlo dreamed how near to death tUeir beloved father had onco como in that'old place. . 