THREE VIGNET1TE . No. 1.-asnr.ae. A dingy grocery in a dingy street; passing through thu frowsy shdp, up a bmrrew 'dirt encrusted stairvway, thil hanl is upon the latch to cuter the meanest room of the poorest dwelling in the lowest culde ae of the city. An iron importers' case, roughly nailed upon four pieces of quarter;ng, aptlogises for a table, two ehandlers' uases do duty as chairs; there is no bedstead, only a scrimn tick of straw, the only positive furniture a narrow American sofa, patched and tinkered till ingenuity exhausted itself; a tin kettle, a tin plate, one pannikin, one cup, and a delf teapot with broken spout and iron lid.. But floor, table, and stools are clean as scrubbing and water can make them, the small window panes are burnished crystal bright, while the worn, well-darned curtain hangs spot lose whlit across them. The toenant, a woman thin almost to attenun. tion, the want of underclothing, the thin cotton dress transparent with ago and washing, exaggerate meagreness to emuaciation. She is standing looking out from the window, her eyes-as the eyes of one past thinking, hoping or fearing, lack lustre, vacant, sad. If she eover rejoicedin feminine charms, they havobeen those inseparable from youth, cheer. fulness, good health, rosy cheeks, and brioht eyes, such have fled. It is impoussible to decide whether sheo is yet youthful. Her hair is abun. dant, neatly dressed ; but, indeed, herself, her belongings all around her ore neat, cruelly neat, antt as cruelly cold. The sound of a woman's rancous, scolding voice, a springless, uneven step upon the stairs -the woman turns round as herlrhsbaud enters. His c!othing is well worn, spare, shabby, nondescript-neither of labourer, mechanic, nor clerk. lie seats himself wearily upon the sofa, his wife beside him. She speaks not a word; he volunteers none-the day has long since passed when she greeted his entrance with wist. tul hopefulness," Any chance of work, Frank ?" She never quntions now ; disappointment was succeeded by a fear to hope, which in turn faded to hopelessness. He might be thirty. The careworn broew, grave, weary face, the sot rigid lines round the eyes and lips form fit com. plement to the face of the woman; together they tableau trouble, failure, woeariness of try. ing when trial proves futile in wasted energy, or brings some new rebuff, some deeper humiliation. The writing on the mildewed walls of that upper chamber is plain Icanon. God, man, and hope have departed thence. 2.-xacrmi soruI.eu s.. "I promised I would come up, and hero I am. Now Frank, my boy, what is to be done ? That old virago below seems a very termagant, Why, it is a dead robbery to pay rent for this hole!" While the speaker chattered, his cold keen eyeswanderedrestlesly around,verilyanalysing the barrenness and nakediress of tho surround. inge. Frank's wife, after the tirst greeting, heeded him not, but sat, her face turned from him, her head upon her hand in an attitude of nerveless langour; the very outline of her drapery, the folds of her poor printmaterialised all that could be conceived of an aching heart, a desolate hearth, of all grief crowdel into a life that wrestled from dawn to dark with abject poverty. The tisitor had a bluff, hearty manner in speech and Sactiou every outward and visible sign of jovial good nature and good living; his warm, comfortable attire, excellent in taste and quality, nought conspicuous, nought sarlr.. His age would be somewhat a problem to physiognomist. From the eyes downward, the rosy cheeks, well-shaped sensual lips, the round chin with its suggestive double, was young; but this sleek, jovial presentiment of youth was contrasted and belied by the heavy jowl, the fine seams and wrinkles in the broad, square.aged forehead, and the crow's feetat the corners of his chill, steel.grey eyes. "To. be brief, Frank, you knowr, and you knowt that. I know you to possess s certain secret in chemistry, useless, utterly useless and valueless in honest commerce; to any honest sman it is a dead, worthless, scientific fact. Old Robinson Dant, the counterfeiter, on his deathbed bequeathed it to you as a priceless legacy, and so it is in proper hands. You won't use it-tell tt to me; instruct me, and there is hansel." As he spoke be placed a roll of notes upon the table, dexterously loosening them so they spread out fan-like as they fell. A small red spot burned on each of Frank's thin cheeks, as unholy light began to gilow in his sunken eyes; but the light flickered out. His wife stirred not, made no sign. " You hesitate," his temoter continued. " What fears, what scruples bar you? As to fear, I swear you run no risk; the oracle shall be worked, anl your hand never appear. We will advance by degrees; in the end the grand coup will bring hundreds. Had the late baik defaulters known what you krow, they would still be honoured men and wealthy. Why not you? Without fear, without risk, what sernples, what idiotic hesitation is this, what scruples can rou have? You have no fixed prin ciples to outrage, you are a penmless, useless, outcast starveling, and I offer you immediate comfort, competence, luxury, and wealth in prospect. I offer you hero and now that which is to you the stepping. stone to the realisation of your earliest and best dreams; that which will crown you with the joy of triumph over all those who have scorned, reviled, and trampled on you in your later misories." Hepaused. Frankwassilent. His wife made no sign. "I read your thoughts-chicanery, dis. honesty? Yes! Granted 'tis all that, but what prosperous man has his hand clean in this city of insolvencies, specs, and booms ? Pshaw ! You are degraded enough now. What deeper degradation is there than to have been a convict in the past and a pauper in the present?" For the first time Frank spoke:-"I was innocent, and you know rit." "Inno ntt Of course, objectively; far too dainty a gentleman to soel your whiteo fingers, hutof not too dainty a stomach to digest re sults. Has not the broad arrow brand sooner or later laid its vulture's claw upon your character wherever you ave been sincee, and here I bring you freedom, freedom front its pursuit; it only follows the helpless. I put before you life, health, and suitable associations for men of education, we are superior ill educaltion to msuly who lord it in wealth around us. T'lake your proper place. If I love pleasure and ai not unacquainted with riot, it is the outcome of bitterness of soul. I will seek with you tie society of cultured lten and reflined womenl. Come, let us to work; what conscience can be left to us, bench-mnrtes on the laurnchets sweeps, compranions in the quarries ? " Frank sighed; his wife seemed feebly inte reoted. "You repent? Yes ! because you suffer; you suffer beeause poor; your poverty removed and when comfort comes in penitence goes out, and you live to bless me. You lrhave asked for bread, you have received stones. Now is the hour for you, anrd I am tihe man, it is the darktct teur in the night of your misfortune. I bri',, tire laimp to light your psth to fortune, I am tue herald of the darwn, thie tirot gloats of which to your eyes shall be reflected fromr tihe golden image of the goddess. VWhy quarrel with fortune wheln sohe stretches out her hand furill of blssinlgs simlly because it is her left hand, and not her right? This night, and here, is at your choice all thrt makes life worth living. Tormorrow you will be impotently srwung round ir tile Moaehtron of unpitied indigence, drowning 'rid carrion and offalu; tere are, nrot straws to vainly grarp. not shreds of delusive wrack to mock sour clinting, but raolid clrce, a stouit raft to eroo yrio f anf d s1oound tr the ladr of ptrormrise you Ihva long lprayed to see and feel as saolid ground benC:ath your feet. Your past 5and irresent is but a clarnel- houns of bones, crowdted with ghosts of good resolutions gone dead- your future, glonrous as LICanaan." Fr:rnk was deeply movctld. An eageor look :was o hris fnce. Ilia wife also seemed ci flshedt wrrith interest. "I appeal to you, Frank, for your own sake, be a nan of thte world; by tile memory of ouryouthlful friendshlip, our commono suffering, IlIrpeal to you, teach me thatIr secret; I lore you as my own brother, and would save you and yours. You dare not be a fool-look at our epoor young wifl there, r staring. dyirg loforo your eyes; her blood will be upon you/r hoad-the girl you took from a happy home, from comfort, oven luxury, to drag her down to this. Seo you no, sho in dying from cold, neglect, starvatiou, and i, broken heart. S.kl, moan! There ara unoes, gold, and silver Tell mu this recret. Let her decide. Copsent, Frank- speouk for him, RIlachel'!" Andl I say, "Go!" Rachel rose to her feet, all listleness gone, her whole form erect, dilate, quivering with life, energy, and indom: table will. No. beauty-not even - good looks? The wvoman is alive with the lithe, nervous, vigor. nun beauty of a Iepardless guardin gher young. "Go! I ueow you. Itfalliblo instinct re veals yours the shadowy hand, reaching out from the darkness of your soul aond my hus band's past, that Irs from time to time, from place toplace, pointed th way to his dismislsl. Your evil prcsence lhso soecretli shadowed us even to this last refuge to attain your own ends and purposes. Go! you afiledhound; to you and your like we bid defianeu, hatred, and contemptto the bitter end. My husband and I will, if needs must, go forth together to the mercy of the street, perchance even to that Omega of the destitute, the cold slabs of the morgue; but together, and for the future innocent' 3.-aDoeeax. IIusband and wife are alone; each needs the other, both niecdi(God. Alone with memorien of their early love, their past joys, their present sorrows, the dying moments of their dear lost children. The Great High Priest ofilciates at this lonely domestic altar. They partake together of a holier sacrament than the one that joined their hands in by.gone years, united now for time and eternity in the spiritual union that links them through suffering, patience, temptation, trial and victory to love divine. One in themselves, one with tHim Crucified. All have sim:l I. Their punishment, their dis cipline oias not been beyond their strength. In that silent embrace is conicoived the Christ. child Hope. GEoaoc II. Lesonn. Brunswick, 26th August. 