The Brisbane Courier SATURDAY, JUNE 15, 1889. LAW, like other sciences, is experimental. Its main point of difference lies in the fact that its experiments are not carried out at the expense of its projectors, hut at the coat of that unhappy section of the public whose misfortune it is to call in its aid. Hence a legal luminary, upon whose intellect beams the light of possible reform, can give vent to his ingenuity without incurring much out- lay. Should his efforts be attended with success, fame and profit wait upon him ; should his proposals prove crude and un- workable, at the worst he retires discomfited, but credited with those good intentions with which the floor of the " devil's own" abode is reputed to be paved. Yet but for the lawyers the Statute-book would lack many valuable Acts. Of course the lawyer, though not as a rule of a creative order of mind, reaps much of the honour more justly attributable to real progenitors of legislation. He voices the inarticulate cry of the layman unacquainted with the technicalities of drafting and unprovided with a chart allow- ing the hidden dangers which lie in wait at every turn to swamp the unprofessional craft. The rude weapon of the colloquial tongue is ineffective to express legal mean- ings. A refined subtlety has imposed a pro- fessional jargon of words which convey a purely professional thought in a purely professional style, and, though the ghosts of John Doe and Richard Roe have long been laid, spirits quite as obscure still haunt the halls of Justice. The most iconoclastic lever for disturbing that respect which should enwrap the sacred majesty of the law is to hear one lawyer exercise his criti- cal faculty at the expense of another, and it is interesting to note that the current session promises a satiety of this dreary fun. Mr. Macrossan, as a layman, has the courage of his opinions, and has introduced several legal bantlings to the notice of the world. This alone is sufficient to rouse the ire of the professional mind affronted by such audacity. Hence some of them have been ruthlessly stifled before enter- ing on the cares of a cold world, while others have been received with a baptism of ridicule, and reluctantly per- mitted to hope for continued existence pro- vided they would so change their form, spirit, and textual clothing that their paternity should be unknown. Sir S. W. Griffith is facile princeps at altering legal fashions. A legal babe is rarely dressed to suit his fancy, and the irreverent way in which he chops logic reminds one of the grim wood-cutter of Hawarden. The member for the Burrum promises a legal diamond from the black recesses of that region. It is to make law cheap, a blessing of dubious import. The Minister for Justice has also introduced two measures in the Upper House, which pos- sess the primary merit of being much needed. They are the Companies Act Amendment Bill and the Married Woman's Property Bill. Consideration of the latter is deferred. The law with regard to companies is in a very imperfect condition. Certain experimental stages have been gone through, the main result of which is to show that much more drastic legislation on this head is required. The object aimed at is the protection of the public, the removal of impediments in the path of honestly-con- ducted associated enterprise, and the sup- pression as far as possible of chicanery. No legislation can extirpate fools so long as fond mothers suckle children. But as the law now stands it operates largely for the protection of rogues. The inception, forma- tion, and conduct of many public companies are based upon the confidence trick. It would be invidious to select illustrations of a fact repeatedly exemplified in our law courts. The credulity of human nature is prodigious. It is the corollary in financial matters of the greed which deafens the ear to the dictates of common-sense. It might be offensive to point the moral and adorn the tale, but the omission to do so does not arise from lack of incident. The Minister for Justice proposes to throttle some of the serpents which threaten to stifle public con- fidence. A few more Taranganbas, another boom of illusive land banks and a plethora of subdivided real estate, intended for aquariums rather than cottages, would convert the frugal portion of the community to the faith of the peasants of France, whose trusted bank is a potsherd in which they imprison every franc self- denial can accumulate. This result would cripple commerce by absorbing all the coin and be but a shade less de- plorable than committing it to the core of mercenary guineapigs, who prostitute the position of director to further selfish aims at the expense of confiding shareholders. Mr. Thynne's bill will sift such undertak- ings from those managed ably and honestly by competent men in the financial interests of the public, which after all is their true gauge of practical philanthropy. Some of the associations working in this colony have been powerful agents for good in settling provident householders in the possession of the fee simple of property increasing in value by the very extension of their opera- tions. It would not be difficult to name some prudential corporations of this kind which have in a few months and years done more for the practical inculcation of thrift, sobriety, and settled content than all the blatant apostles of intem- perate abstention. The Companies Act Amendment Act will further the prosperity of institutions of this class, and will pro- mote the survival of the fittest by throwing impediments in the continuance of schemes by which sometimes from pure incom- petence, but too frequently from de- liberately devised fraud, simple investors transfer substantial cash for dearly pur- chased experience. To comment upon the details of the bill at any great length would be wearisome. The measure of this session is the framework of a bill introduced by the Minister for Justice last year with which is incorporated, almost in their entirety, several amendments due to the thoughtful consideration of the Hon. W. H. Wilson. Local legislation on companies has undergone no practical improvement since 1863 ; while in England, which is a country perhaps more affected by the working of corporations than any other, numerous improvements have from time to time been made. Even now the Imperial Parliament, as also the Legislature of Vic- toria, deems the present state of the law un- satisfactory, and while the former is discussing further amelioration, the latter contemplates the early introduction of an Act bearing upon the subject. One of the stumbling blocks to the success of companies is the difficulty of modifying their position with respect to capital. In many caaes it is necessary to vary the conditions under which a company is formed. Some com- panies have stock too much watered to ad- mit hope of fair dividends. This is a disease especially fatal to mining enterprise. Some companies have a very large uncalled balance, and people are deterred from in- vesting in the shares by the concurrent liability. This bill will supply what does not now exist : machinery to effect in such cases a reduction. Some, if few, companies have capital locked up which cannot be profitably employed. This measure gives a key to the distribution of such surplus funds among the shareholders. The mode of doing this will be by including the power to do so in the articles of incorporation and making such power a living force by special resolution. The risk attendant upon varia- tion is guarded against by the ordeal to be passed through. " First of all, a resolution for the reduction of the capital is not to come into operation until it is approved of by the court and registered under an order of the court." The com- pany so reducing its capital must notify such reduction to the public by attaching to itself the words " and reduced " after its name. Certain cases where cancellation of shares takes place involve the detailed work of obtaining Supreme Court sanction, and a most important proviso, creditors lodging any objection must be secured or paid off before the change will be permitted. The power of consolidation and resubdivi- sion of shares from a nominal value of £1 to as much as £100 each share, granted by the Act of 1863, in Mr. Thynne's bill may be exercised inversely, that is to say, shares of a large nominal value may be reduced to a smaller, and the resolution requiring this alteration is to be attached to the memo- randum and articles of association under a penalty. Section 19 deals with reserve capital, which cannot be used except as a fund for payment of liabilities on winding up. The liabilities of banks claiming to be banks of issue upon their note issue is met in no very different way from that pro- vided at present, but such alteration as is made puts the relative claims of note- holders and general creditors in a clearer position, the former having a concurrent claim with general creditors on the assets belonging to the com- pany, and then a first claim on the uncalled capital for the payment of any balance due on notes, while the general body of creditors have a claim on shareholders to the extent to which the general assets of the company have been taxed for the relief of note- holders. Unlimited liability companies, should such exist or be created, find an in- strument for remodelling themselves as limited liability corporations, and associa- tions not formed for profit, but for the pro- motion of science, religion, or charity, can creep in under the protection of the measure. Times out of number, says the introducer of the measure, " we have seen shares issued, especially in mining companies, on the most flimsy pretext as fully paid-up." It is pro- posed to check this by the introduction of a clause requiring that every transaction in shares issued in the future as fully paid- up or partly paid-up must be preceded by a contract showing the consideration for the issue, and that contract must be filed with the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies before the shares are issued. Valuable as this clause should prove, much injustice will be done unless facilities are accorded for local registration in the remoter districts of the colony. It was thought by virtue of a judicial decision by the English Bench in 1882 that shares issued at a discount were properly issued, but in 1886 such deci- sion was overruled, to the disquietude of directors. A clause to remove doubts on this subject is inserted. It validates past contracts, but removes the power to issue shares at a discount for the future. The thirtieth clause is framed for the protection of vendors selling shares with an accrued or contingent liability. At present transfer of the scrip is optional on the part of the purchaser. This provision establishes the principle that the vendor can get that done. The machinery seems cumbrous, and the object might be more simply attained by a rigorous enforcement of the stamp duty to evade which is the main temptation to non-transfer. The fortieth clause strikes at the root of fraudulent pros- pectuses ; it will meet here, as a similar safety guard did in Great Britain, with violent opposition, but every honest man will sup- port it. The process of winding-up com- panies is included, and mortuary rites are provided for the bubbles which rise above the horizon of speculation only to burst. Nothing has been attempted beyond a synopsis of the prominent features of the measure. It embodies a good purpose in language too technical for general quotation or universal interest. It has passed its second reading, and should it survive the ordeals of both Houses, it promises to be- come a live measure, which will reflect credit on its originator and hurt no one but the scoundrels who batten on the unwary, using as their shield the technicalities of that law the spirit of which they violate. AFTER gleaming fitfully on the horizon for about six months the once burning question of a new bridge across the Brisbane River has suddenly blazed up again and has taken an unexpected turn. Possibly if Mr. Phillips, who at a council meeting in the end of May asked the mayor to request the Government to push on the plans for the new bridge, had foreseen the issue of thoughtlessly wakening up the question, he would have been content to let it sleep for another half-year. For a time indeed there was every appearance of his scheme moving on to happy success. Four days afterwards the committee formed for the promotion of the Central Bridge, who it was thought had gone to sleep, met to take further action. The meeting was largely one of self-congratulation, and suggested (what we have no doubt was the simple truth) that past inaction was due to the con- fidence with which of late the triumph of the Central Bridge scheme had been antici- pated. The reversal by the new council of the decision come to by their predecessors was formally communicated to the meeting, upon which some of them desired straight- way to fix the precise site of the bridge. But it was hinted that " the Government would want to have a voice in the selection of the proposed site." Ultimately, and with a view to bring larger influence to bear upon the Government, it was arranged that a deputation should meet and consult with the mayor on the precise site to be selected. The meeting took place a few days after, and exhibited throughout the characteristics of the happy family. The opposition scheme of a bridge above the present one was not so much as alluded to. The question lay entirely between two varieties of the pro- position to connect Kangaroo Point with tho Botanic Garden shore of the river. A plan from the city engineer for a bridge conecting a continuation of Albert-street with Church-street, Kangaroo Point, met with the approval of the majority ; and the minority, including Mr. Phillips himself, were so gratified with the smooth sailing of the general scheme that they gracefully supported it, and the motion was carried unanimously. " Nothing," said Mr. Phillips, " would give him greater pleasure than to see the construction of the bridge begun at once." At the next meeting of the com- mittee the report was received with jubila- tion, and it was agreed that its members should support the council in the deputation which that body would appoint to wait upou the Premier on the subject. Scarcely less unanimity and satisfaction marked the subsequent meeting of the council itself. On the mayor's report being submitted, it was moved and carried with only three dis- sentients, and without debate, that the whole council should form a deputation to carry the matter to the Colonial Treasurer. It only needed an arrangement of date to put the formidable machinery of the two bodies in motion, and bring their united in- fluence to bear upon the Government. Could there be any doubt that the Govern- ment would yield ? The utter absence of any anticipation of difficulty or opposition is clear from the entire proceedings of these preparatory meetings. In ordinary denoue- ments of an embarrassing kind it might be enough to speak of the proverbial slip between the cup and the lip, or the similarly proverbial fate which overtakes " the best laid schemes of mice and men." But an armload of proverbs of this description would scarcely do justice to the situation. The novelist's expedient of the falling thunderbolt comes nearer it. The truth seems to be that the Central Bridge promoters were too secure. They had imagined that an opposition which was no longer heard of had ceased to exist. But the opposition were vastly the wiser of the two parties. Maturing their plans on the quiet, they simply waited until their opponents had fussily arranged everything, and then forestalled them. When the council and Central Bridge Committee had quite made up their minds to depu- tate the Government, the upper bridge promoters deputated also. And what was worse, they did it with with complete success. It was scarcely necessary for them to open their mouths. When Mr. A. B. Webster was called on to read the resolution of the deputationists, Mr. Morehead interrupted with, "I need not detain you, gentlemen. The Government have made up their minds that they will allow no obstruction in the river below the present bridge." No assistance would be given, he added, to any scheme other than a bridge above the present, " at any rate while this Government was in power." That settles the question at any rate for some time to come. Whether the supporters of a bridge across the fair- way of our navigable river and harbour will be content with the Government's decision is another matter. Mayor Galloway yesterday morning received the following cablegram from Mr. J. G. Blaine, UnitedStateaSooretaryof State :-"The President direots ma to return the grateful acknowledgments of the Amoricau nation to the citizens of Brisbane for the expression of sympathy in tho Pennsylvania disaster." The message was handed in at Washington at 6.40 p.m. on the 13th, and was received by the mayor at 12.20 yesterday. , The Department of Agriculture has received through the Chief Seoretary from the Forestry Department at Singapore a wardian case of manilla hemp plants (Mum tcxliUi) and a case of coooanuta of different varieties cultivated at the Straits Settlement. The department has also received from the Colonial Secretary's offioe, Hongkong, two wardian oases of Lee Ob.ee trees (Nephehum Xit-eln), three varietios of Chinóse plum trees, and a Chinese orange tree. These aro not for general distribution, but will be cultivated at the State nurseries at Mackay and Kamerunga. In connection with the arrangements for opening the Central Railway Station, W8 learn that instructions have been given to complete two main platforms about 400ft. each in length and a dook platform 280ft. long. The subway passing under the lines giving access from the arrival platform to Ann-street, and also to tho other departure platforms by means of Bide Btaira, will also be completed. The approaoh to the arrival platform from Ureek-atreot will be made available for oabs and other vehiales. The temporary station will bo oonstruoted of hardwood weatherboards, and will oontain booking-office, Btation-mastor's offioe, ladies' waiting-rooma, and general waiting-rooms. Besides the station buildings there will be a row of wooden buildings for parcels office, luggage room, guards' room, and othor accommodation. These wooden structures will be erected in suoh a position as not to interioro with the erection of the permsuont building. One line of rails is now completed from Roma-street to the oontral station, and the second line is being pushed on. The engineer-in-chief hopes to have everything ready for traffic within two months. The following telegram has been sent ua by a correspondent at Clonourry:-«'General in- dignation is felt through the whole district at Mr. Nelson's delaying the Clonourry Railway. During the 1870 flood the whole country was submerged from Normanton to beyond Qilliatt toa depth of from 3ft. to 20ft., save three sand ridges. This is the Spear Creek routo, an in- fatuation of Mr. Phillips and a subtorfuge of Mr. Nelson. I apeak from reliable information ).« the proposed route.- At the meeting of the Railway League, Mr. M'Gillivray proved con- clusively thot to avoid the flooded country via Spear Creek, water would have to be carried an enormous distance further than Mr. Phillips represented on the surveyed line. Mr. Hop- kins, of Granada, ahowod clearly where water i could bo got quite near to the surveyed line, proving indisputably the advantage of the sur- I veyed line," Sub-inspector Wassail reporta to the Collector of OuBtoms, 'under date 11th June, that on boarding the steamer Afghan, from China, on the previous day, he discovered and seized 2800 oigars. They wero concealed under a false deck in the Chinese quarters. « A meeting of the Brisbano Diocesan Council was held in the chambers, George- street, yes- terday afternoon, when there were present Bishop Webber (in the chair), Bishop Dawes, Mr. Gr.: L. Hart (chancellor), the Rovs. Canon Glennie, C. G. Robinson, H. Heath, E. L. Salisbury, B. R. Wilson, and M. Power, Captains Whish and Heath, Messrs. E. H. Webb, Ii, A. Bernays, A. R. H. Pietzckor, and Rev. A. Riohards (seoretary). The remaining clauses of tho Draft Tribunal Canon, prepared by the ohanoellor, wero adopted. Bishop Webber submitted the draft of a oanon pro- viding for the appointment of the coadjutor Bishop ; and the meeting thoa adjourned till Friday noxt. The following undefended oases were heard at the Petty Debts Court yesterday before Mr. G. M. Murray, P.M., when verdiots were entered for the plaintiffs for the full amounts claimed;-Cooper v. M'Lean, rent, £1 2s.; Graziers Butohoring Company v. F. H. Corri- gan, goods, £3 4s. lid.; P. Marlyn v. H. J. Tonkin, dishonoured promissory-note, £9 2s. lOd. Tho following defended oases woro also disposed of:-H. Dunlop v. Booroodabin Divisional Board, wages, £20, Mr. Bruce for defendant. The plaintiff nonsuited, and £2 2s. professional costs allowed. E. Eugene v. A. Kelly, board, £1 10s., vordiot for plaintiff, no appearanoe of defendant. J. Duggan v. C. Pritchard and Co., damages, £1 2s., plaintiff nonsuited. A new trial was granted in the case Federal Carriage Company v. T. Griffiths, work, £28 5s. A large meeting of residonts of Milton and Rosalie districts was hold in the Rosalie Stato School on Thursday to make final arrangements for the establishment of the Milton, Bayswater, Torwood, and Rosalie Volunteer Fire Brigade, Mr. H. H. Payne acted as ohairman, and con- gratulated the meeting on the onergotio manner in whioh the movement had been taken up. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, and a letter /was received from Sir Thomas M'Hwraith premising a donation of £10 10s. towards the funds of tho brigade. The committee's report was received and adopted. Soveral gentlemen addressed the meeting, amongst whom were Lieutenant Moffatt, of the ToowongJ Fire Brigade, and Mr. Willoughby, a gentleman with consider- able experience of fire brigades in the Southern colonies. It was unanimously agreed that the brigade be established. Seven more gentlemen joined, making the total strength twenty members. The committee were authorised to prepare subscription lists, and canvass for subscriptions towards the funds of the brigade. Mr. E. Evana and H. H. Payne were added to the committee, and Mr. J. G-. M'Nsb was appointed treasurer. The seoretary (Mr. J. O. Spode) was inBtruoted to write to soveral pro- minent gentlemen, requesting them to become president and vice-presidents respectively of the brigade. The meeting, which was a very en thusiastio one, closed with the usual votes of thanks to the chairman, and to the Under Secretary for Education for the use of the school. Numerous complaints having been made to Mr. Soutter, the seoretary and manager of the Acclimatisation Society, concerning the inade- quate car service on the Exhibition route on Sundays, he placed himself in communioation with Mr. Everingham, manager for the Tram- way Company, who has consented to place extra cars on the Exhibition line every Sunday afternoon between the hours of 2 o'clock and 5.30. This will enable those living in town to conveniently visit the gardens or the hospital on Sundays. The extra service will commence to-morrow. We learn that immediately after the definite decision given by the Chief Secretary on Wed- nesday anent proposed additional bridge ac- commodation, Messrs. Webster and Co." ac- cepted a tender for the erection of their new wharves and sheds in South Brisbane. These wharves will be among the most central and convenient in the city, being only a few re- moves from the south end of the Victoria Bridge. The wharf is 264ft. in length by 41ft. wide, is carried on swamp mahogany and iron- bark piles, and is constructed of massive iron- bark bearers, stringers, and planking. The shed accommodation will be ample, there being a closed store, a bond store, and shedding all well and substantially built, the total dimen- sions being 180ft. by 50ft. There will also be provided a cottage for wharfinger, offices for Customs, &c.; The wharves will be ap- proached by a right-of-way from Stanley-street 22ft. wide. The contract has been let and the works will be proceeded with forthwith, the successful tenderer being Mr. J. W. Mott, of South Brisbane ; engineers, Messrs. Brown and David. The committee of the Indooroopilly State aohool met on Thursday to ascertain the results of the recent concert and the state of the finances as a whole, when it was found that the sub soription-liflt amounted to £243 15B. Gd. The prooeeds of the concert were £28 4a., whioh still leaves a small balance owing hy the oommittee to the Education Department. In oonneotio-jWith the proposed introduction of eleotrioity as the motive power of tramoars, we understand that requests for permission to substitute the system for the horse traction have boon forwarded to the various local authorities around Brisbane by tho Metropolitan Tramway Company, General permission was obtained from the City Coanoil some time ago, but it was at that time proposed to use accumu- lators under the scats of the oar. This system not proving a success in other places, the inten- tion waa abandoned by the company, and they now seek to use eleotrio motors with overhead conduotors and to ereot posts somewhat similar to telegraph poles on both sides of the streets and to oonneot these with wireB as follows :-1, a main conductor over the kerbing ; 2, trans- verse wiros over the road ; and 3, working conduotors suspended from the transverse wires and connected with tho main conductor at intervals. The advantages this system is ex- pected to give aro-1, a service nearly double as fast as now, averaging eight miles an hour ; 2, greater safety from acoident, 83 a car can bo pulled up in half its length ; and 3, cleaner and clearer streets by reason of the removal of the horaes. All wires will be sufficiently elevated to bo out of tile way of trafilo. A similar application made in Boston was supported by a petition in its favour signed hy 26,000 persons. "We have to acknowledge receipt of the annual report of the Horticultural Society of Queensland, whioh has just been issued in pamphlet form. A petition waa filed in liquidation yesterday for the sequestration of the estate of Philip Lawford and "William Edward Livermoro, trading as Lawford and Livermoro, of Den ham-street, Rockhampton, stook and share brokers; total liabilities, £100,699 11s. 7d. The first meeting of oreditors was appointed to bo held at the office of Mr. R. A. Brumm, Rockhampton, at 3 o'clook on Monday after- noon, 1st July. ' The Brisbane Literary Cirolo will hold their next outing on Saturday, 22nd instant. The steamer Alice has been engaged to convey members up the river as far as Indooroopilly, and a programme of readings, songs, and seleo tiona from Tennyson's " The Princess" will bo given on shore after landing. Tho steamer will leave Simon's wharf at half-past 1 o'clock punctually. A meeting of the ratepayers of the Ithaoa Shire was held last night in the Ithaoa Hall, Kennedy-terrace. Mr. J. "Watson occupied tho chair, and there was a fairly large atten- dance. Mr. J". Scott, the representative of the locality in the Ithaoa Shire Counoil, addressed the meeting at some length, referring to various wrongs he had received at the hands of the counoil, and to various matters with regard to the working of the oounoil and its officers that ho thought required reform. He stated especially that the hour of meeting had been altered to Thursday night to prevent him attending, aa he had to attend the "Windsor Shire Council that night. A resolution was carried requesting the counoil to hold its' meetings on Wednesday evening, Mr, A. M'Lean also addressed the meeting. A voto of thanks waa also given Mr. Scott. A correspondent writes :-Tho usual monthly "ponny reading" took place on Thurs- day evening in the Kenmore Hall, Mr. R. Wooloook presiding. Tho chairman, in opening the meeting, said that at the last concert given in aid oi the General Hospital the prooeeda amounted to eleven guineas, which was handed over to the institu- tion. Recitations were givon by Messrs. Wright and Braddon, and Misses Carmody and Scott contributed piano solos, whioh were ren- dered in a very able manner. Miss M'Askill Bang "No, sir," and received merited applause, and Mr. Woods's recitation, "Betsy and I are out," was capitally rendered. Mr. Baws's comio song, "Too muoh, father," was given in good style. Messrs. Twine, Dennis, and Webb also , sang, and readings by -Tesara. Wooloook, Pacey, Dennis, and "Webb brought the programme to a oloso, after whioh the hall was cleared for dancing, whioh was kept np with great spirit nntil 12 o'clook. While Mr. Pollard was lighting the big lamp in front of the Town Hall, Sand- gate, for the concert on Thursday night, one of the panes of glass fell out and struck him under the right jaw- bone, inflicting a wound about 3in. in length and cutting one of the important arteries, which made the blood flow in great quantity. He was at once taken to Dr. Girdlestone, who succeeded after stitching up the wound in stopping the flow of blood; but Pollard foolishly returned to the hall, and the wound again started bleeding. Both Drs. Girdlestone and Paul were then called in, and after some difficulty the bleeding was again stopped. He is reported to be progressing favourably. At a meeting of the Lacrosse Union Committee held on Thursday evening it was decided that the champion flags should this season be competed for in two rounds, the winners of the two rounds to play the final matoh. The first matches to take place on the 6th July. There are on view at Messrs. Paling and Co.'s ware- house five handsome trophies presented to the union by Messrs. Pike Bros., one trophy for eaoh club, to be awarded to the player showing best all round play in certain matches to be played during July. The New South Wales Association having expressed a desire to meet a Queensland team in Sydney, ameeting of tho Union Committee will be held on Monday evoning to make preliminary arrangements for sending a team South. As announced in our advertising columns, the Brisbane Sports Grounds, Breakfast Creek, will be opened on 10th August noxt. Theso grounds will provide a variety of athletio sports, horse-racing, &c;, and are under the management of Captain Wright. Preparations are being made for a pnblio display at the Brisbane Gymnasium on the 25th instant. The oommittee intend to give their friends and the publio generally an oppor- tunity of judging of the efficiency of the mem- bers in the various forms of athletio exercise practised hy them, and no doubt an interesting eutertainn. 6_t will be provided. In referring to the reception of the Governor at Ipswich on Thursday, we stated that an arch had been ereoted near Iiimostono by the pupils of St. Mary's Behool. This was incorrect. The corporation ereoted the arch; the children simply sang the National Anthom near it aa the Govornor passod. The sittings of the Metropolitan Diatriot Court -will commence on Monday under the presidency of his Honour Judge Paul. Mr, F. W. Dickson wDl prosecute on behalf of the Crown. The following criminal caaes have been Bet down for trial. Charles Elder, embezzle, ment and larceny; Charles William Adama, embezzlement (two charges) ; Aexl Laind, unlawfully wounding, committed for sentence ; Elizabeth Hambly, attempted suicide ; Edgar Patterson Hulme, false pretenoes (two charges), The monthly meeting of the Royal Society whioh was held last evening at the offices oi tho Education Department was a more than oadinarily interesting one. It was presided over by Mr. C. W. De Vis. The hon. secre« tary, Mr. ' Shirley, laid on the table a furthes contribution on the subject of "The Lichen Flora of Queensland," and Mr. Hedley read another of his anatomical papors on " The Queensland Land Shells." A paper was then read by Mr. De Vis on the Bubjeot of Priono dura Newtoniana (Meston's bower-bird), and Aoanthiza squamata, two recent additions to the avifauna of the colony. The former, whioh had been found on the highlands north of Herborton, was minutely described by Mr. De Vis, as also were its habits of life. Two specimens-a male and a female-were exhibited. A peculiarity noticed was the extraordinary size of the bowers which these birds construot. These were made of small stioks and twigs piled up almost horizontally round trees to a height of from 4ft. to 6ft. In addition to those, they built numbers of dwarf, hut-like structures, which gave their habitat tho appearance of a miniature blacks' camp. Mr. Saville Kent, F.L.S., &c;, Commissioner of Fisheries, road a paper entitled " Preliminary observations on a natural histor} colleotion made in connection with the survey- ing oruise of H.M.S. Myrmidon at Port Darwin and Cambridge Gulf from September to No- vember, 1888." Mr. Kent gave a general account of a collection, in all branohes of natural history, and made special reference to the marine zoology of the ooaats of Western Aus« tralia. A fuller description of these papers ia unavoidably held over. Messrs. Tattle and Co. have submitted foi inspection a copy of a photograph whioh that firm has been able to secure of our Governor, Sir Henry Wylie Norman, The picture is a "kit-kat;" it represents his Excellency not in his uniform as a general in the British army, but in the modest Windsor uniform, though ha woars the medals which were presented to him aa a distinguished soldier and the orders whioh came to him aa an administrator of the first rank. A more perfect likeness we have never seen. Softness and yet exquisite fidelity aro the characteristics of the portraiture, and the finish of the picture makes of it a real work ol art. The conceit given last evening in connection with the Bowen Hills Congregational Church was well attended. Miss Pethebridge received much applause for her rendering of "The Better Land." Mrs. Buzacott gave, with muoh expression and feeling, the pretty song, "When the ohildren are asleep." Mrs« Reeve was heard to advantage in "A Mother's Lave," as was alao Miss Johnson ia " Love is a Dream." Mr. Oxley gave "The Garonne" and "The Last Watch." A iluta solo was rendered in an able manner hy Mr, Marlor, and the same may be aaid of the over« turo, "The Marionettes," given by Mis, Pethebridge and Messrs. Atkinson and Knapp. Messrs. Finney, Isles, and Co. have just added corset-making to the other'industries carried on by their firm, and if their venture achieves the success whioh it merits there will be a welcome addition thereby made to the trades open to our women workers. Tho services of Mmo. Dunkerton, formerly of Mme. WeBt's establishment, Regent-street, London, have been secured as eorsetièref and, as Mme« Dunkerton is oonversant both with the English and Parisian methods of manufacture, her olients will be able to have their orders carried out on either model. The French out is entirely different from the English, and the modes of stitching, boning, and finishing are also quite dissimilar. Mme. Dunkerton also undertakes the manufacture of belt-corsets and the various appliances for temporary or perma- nent use in supporting or reduoing the figure. She works in all materials and in various colours- preferentially in silk or in satan, the use of these fabrics giving a finer, lighter, and cooler oorsetthanany others and that at an only slightly inoreased cost. The prices vary so greatly according to the requirements of the wearer that it would be useless to quote any. Thick bone, for instanoe, costs no less than double the price of that whioh is only half as thick. That of quarter thickness, again, is much cheaper than the latter. The bone used is real Green* 'land bone and is split as required. Every other item used in the making of a pair of stays may also be had of a more or less expensive descrip- tion. Remnant Day.-Monday Next will be a Spfl oial Day at Finney, Isles, & Co.'s for the 8ale_ of Remnants and Oddments, together with a" few Special Lines from the varions departments at Closing-out Prices. Genuine Bargains can be secured.-[ADVT.] 