NEW SOTTTH WALEi. Sydnbx, December 27, The fire at the Union Company's wharf, Sussex street, on Christmas morning, is not yet out. Vtist heaps of produce are still smoulder ing, and water is at intervals being pUyud upon them. After tho olose of tho racss at Ur.illa yes terday, two men named John Doyle ani A Frascr fought, when Frassr killed Doyle. Fraser ia now in otistoiiv. Mrs. Bobinson, who was shot by hsr hus band at Newcastle, is maih bettor to-d»y. Bobiuson ralli.. d last night, aud if the wound should stop bleeding to-day, the bulles will probably bs extracted. The wife of a Chinarmn has baeu committed for trial for the murder of her child at Wollon gong, bhe confessed that after the child's birth the dug a hole in tbe s±nd and buried it. The gates for the Tattorsill'd rics meeting to-morrow and New Year's Day were sold at auction to-day for £300, and tho at Ljo-er stand for c6 10. According to the report received by the Riil way Conimieeioners, no blaina e in b*3 attached to any railway official in connection with tha recent railway acoidont at Goulburn. Lord Carrington leaves Sydaey on January S for an extended tour in Kesv Zealand. Tho Eon. A. J. Gould ( Minister for Justice) and tho Hon. D. O'Connor (Postmsiter General; will represent the New S mtb. Wales Government on the occasion, the Hon. J. M'Millan, Colonial Treasurer, and the Hon. G B. Simpson, Attorney. General/being uuabte to leave Sydney at present. Intense heat was experienced iu-the city to day. The thermometer/ registered 102 dess. Fahr. in the shade. A hot wind was blowing until lato this afternoon, when a good fthovor of rain fell. Since then the heat has still boon very great. ? . Stdnet, December 28. The official inquiry in'o the railway uooidont at Goulburn on Tuesday hns resulted ia a report that the acoWent was duo to a defective rail, and that no blame is to be a'.tached to any one. It is rumoured that a speoias of underground upuiB iiuu uitacKea me vines in tue jrarramfuta vineyard. Tho vinea, it is suij, have been ring-barked and the roots honeycombed. The yield at the Broken Hill proprietary mine for the week was 139,760 ounces of silver, and at Block No. 14, 11,230 ozs. of silver. A strango death of a, ohild near Kiama, ia reported. Tbe shock of seeing a ghost in a juvenile gamo brought on paralysis, whioh ended fatally. A girl of 12, tho daughter of a railway employee at Golburn has died from tlii) effects of burns received by pouring korosiuo upon a fire, which she was lighting. An extensive bush tire broko out near How long on Thursday afternoon, destroying thou sands of acres of pasturage and fanning. John Wilson was arrested at Newcastle on Christmas l£ve, for drunkenness, bat buoomiug ill was removed to tho local hospital, where he died yesterday. William Robinson, who attempted su'.cide at Newcastle, after ehonting his wife, underwun'. an operation yesterday, aud the chaucoi of his recovery aro regarded as more favourable than before. It is stated that Polar Kemp, tho Hawkesbury sculler, who has claimed tho ohatnpioaship, in perfeotly agreeable to measure, his blades wik'i afterdate of thtir race. Tho superintendent of tho Eistnrn Extension Telegraph Company states that an order has been given by the Docnpany for the manufacture of a duplicate cable to put down between Syd ney ann New Zealand. It is oxpsotad thut the new cable will bo laid oirly nuxt yotr. The Hon. Jas White, tcok tho lion's Bhare of tho prize money at the A. J.O. Meeting, on Boxinir Buy, by tho viufcorioa of Liv/i iu tho Cup, and Prelude in tho Nursery Hau'lioap. The hon. gentleman took £1,333. Tho victory of Correze in tho December Stakes was worth £680 to Mr. J. M'Loughlin ; while tho double of Pir William in tho Flying and the A JO. Handicap put £055 ia staVas into Mr. Eey'B pocket. Mr W-- J. Forrester took £:j.rj0 for Pet Girl's first in {he Belling Race. 