IPINir - — TALE, i Claude Damien's Million. V , Qaeen'ij Gate looked a little? npik&uoe; at Mr, fe; fcnonby Walker. though be Ooonpied one of. . ibe biggvet lion mm there and dispensed lavish . Iio«p'itality. Hu was a tell, stout, red-fa odd . 'Jdatly man, taifch a familiar manber and a fori! iatiefa. addicted tn imaUm -white -coats, toud-patterned trouserx, and potent- toother boots. He -was-very hearty and genial withevery one, and bad the reputation of be ing able and willing- to make fortunes in tho city for any of hia friends who chose to week bis advice and asaaatanoo. But, though hi wife wore diamonds and he kept op a con- oidcrable establishment, there was a vague fading of distrust regarding his alleged : wealth . Business men ahook their heads at the mention cf his name, and hinted that., thangh he dwwribed himsdf aaa financier, he . dealt with other people's money rather than his own, and was nhiefly eaga/ed in the mystaioua occupation. of promoting paHic companies. These rnmoaw, however, did not prevent the Bonsanby Walkers frotn having a large 7 circle of friends and coqoaia tonne, who as- >./ toUfted at their 'aoeial functions and returned; , - ,ifcir hospitality by mmHiir entertain to tots. '' : t.iVaui5)y W»lfa« wire raiiiM- "fclkkMWfcrtpte.lMia It, p«fap»M>»y : "-'a much ws anything else whioh oanaedaatoe tif their besghboare to speak disparagingly of ihczn. The prevailing improMioii among honest, 'misophiatieated folk was that Mr. Bonsonb v Walker was a personage in the city of Bcaroelyleegi importance end standing than a Rothschild or a Baring, and no one was more deeply imbued with this idea thwn young Clauds Damien- But three -and -twenty is a credulous ago, and a passionate admiration for a man's daughter is apt to shed a kind of golceu hao around the young lady's parents CLiudu Damien would never hare thought of ; suspecting Mrs. Ponsonby Walker of being dull end commonplace, nor did he ever doubt that Mr. Ponsonby Walker was a merchant prince cf almost untold wealth. Under these oirouniBtancca it is not surprising that the young gen tinman felt serious misgivings on the subject of his attachment to Mx\PoiiBonbv Walker's only d&uehtcr; Miriam, for he guegsod iiistinotivelv that the financier would sternly discourage his pretensions. But Miriam Walker was an impulsive, warm-hearted girl, and having lured Claude Damion to hia fate by receiving his attentions with marked faro or, she sooffed at his idea that his poverty was an insurmountable bar to their union. She fervently vowed that, whatever her father'® decision might be, she would alwava rarard Claude as hf»r afHonoid husband, and prevailed upon the young man to demand the parental consent and benedic tion. She succeeded in almost persuading him that Ponsonby Waiker belonged to the benevolent order ot fathers who are disposed to overlook such trifling drawbacks as b- acncc of in: am and expectations in & daughter's suitor. Cl&udo; Daxnien could not quit; bring himself to regard Ponsonby Waikcrin that amiable and fatuous light, bnt, rendered desparate by the state of his affec tions, he screwed up his courage and called upon Miriam's father one day at his office in the city. 4 IV hat can I du for you, Mr. D&mien; V in- the financier, m a patronizing, cemde- toanding tone, as Claude entered with his heart thumping against hi rite like a bat tering-ram. ' Yon do not re- cognize mc, bir, ' said Claude nervoiudy observing that Mr. Ponecmby W alksr read his name from his card with a hesitation which showed that it was un- familiar. I had the pleasure to be intro duced to von anoe at tho house of a mutual V frieno, Major Stanhope.L. _ > \ ' Ah to be setc. 1 ou're & son of tie late s General Dzmien. I remember perfectly,' .ULid.Mr. Ponscmby Walker encouragingly. 4 Can I have a tew minutes private con- eraatton with you, elt !' mcnaured th«» yuungman. ' dl, I am very much overwhelmed with bmdneHtr just now. Ihavoan important moot ing of the board of the Grand El Dorado Dia mond liming Company at 3 o'clock,' said Air. Ponsonby Walker, with importance. 4 We are prooeeding- to allotment, Mr. Damico,1 he added significantly. 4 Oh, indeed !' observed Claude. 4 Yen ; a splendid property, Mr. Damien ; Splendid property,' said Ponsonby W siker, rubbing his hand?. As a friend oi Mi»or Stanhope, I advise you to apply at onco for some shares ' — do, than. yon,' interpesed Claude, with «n ominous sinking at his heart. 4 The fct i.-, I have called to ask your permission to become engaged to your daughter Miriam.1 ' To my daughter Miriam — to MissPou- eouby W alker ' ' exclaimed the financier, star ing at tLe young man with undisguised amay.mncni . ' llavs j-ou spoken to her on the subject ?' 4 Its ; night, at Mrs. Anstmther's ball,' and Claude eogwly. ' IifcaUy this id very serious,' «id Mr Pon sonby Walker x»lejnnly. I have heard nothing of it. Will you have the goodness, Mr. Daemon, to stafe your position and pros pects?' Boor Claude Damisa raalized with painful the ntJer hope'easneas — not to fav te- tofinty — of his mission, as he proceeded, in faltering aocents, to deaaibe his unioitnnate circumstances ; mid it -is hardly surpnsing that the brief etatemmt oaused Mr. Ponsonby W aiker tu grow enmaon with indignation. ' Do yon mean to toll me, Mr, Damien, that you. have no moans, no occupation, and no expectation whatever Y' tho financier, falling back in hisehair, gaz ing at him with contemptuous no relatives, even, or friands to whom you nan look for assistasoe !' 1 I have an uncle — my poor mother's brother — living in America. I have heard \- hat hs is rich and a bachelor, ' said Claode, frwa sheer deftparatacsi, ' Wl 1 ami what is M« n«m« p and what — — J00 B . fnqoirad Poustoby r ...iWW'wj little more encouragingly Hls name is William Bare«. He emi- . Iputed many years sgr>v and l baliere he Jivqi at Pnaoess Town, Kansas county, ButI Jiave no right to expeet that he will do any thing for me added pox .Claude blushing hotly. ' Indeed he has oeter answered the letter which 1 wrote tohim noma months ago, vhen my sathw died. Upon my word, this is absolutely pre- rosterous ! ' if r Punaoaby Wblkcr, bonuding from h' r"r gUr. ing at his unfortunate visitor from the oentre of the huaith-rug. 1 Do you seriously snp- paeo for an '">»«"» Mr. Buskn, that I oan noaseirt tnjrmr riwp"r yiauarif to — ah am I — Miss Pooeooby WidkerT love yon r daughter, air, ray deeply and mm doing my best to sank , mploynent. I hopedf perhaps, that yoa Bdght ooaaent ooc- dituiukuy upon ay— — Pahaw ! Mr. -ulrr. yoc are wasting »y time and year own, 'intsrporod Mr. Poo' annly Wslksr, with aanngiy gestncB. 'Lin- dfotood, toase, oaoe tor au, thai I furidil j yvn to ny-daoghter again . Yoor; swtodnrt, tor, i«i!U9iflrtaiaevt-nothing lrosthao , tfsUaiil ruBess std friendless, to aspire to marry daughter ot a rich man. To do him ju»- tioe nothing Lad been further irom bis mind tiianto protit by thooirenqutanoea of thu girl he loved bong a brirera. Hewas junt at that romantic age when to make a fortune sema only a question <jf giving the mind to it, and he had vagualv determined thvt he weald set to work with that laudable object .without a moment's delr. Mr. Ponsonby Walker's indignation had, however, opened his eyes to ttm unpleasant faot lhat his conduct was worse than thoughtless, and he was so remorseful end contrite that bo immediately wrote a heartbroken and penitent letter to Miriam Walker, releasing her from hrr engagement. But Miss Ponsonby Walker was evidently a young lady of considerable spirit and force of character, for fiho absolutely refuted to give up her lover, and declared that ebe was ready to wait for him for a thoui&nd; years. Sho hinted that ibe did not despair of over coming her father' Opposition, and peremp torily oommandad Claude to meet her at the house of a mutual friend to whiah tboy had both been invited. The young man had neither the strength of mind nor, indeed, the inclination to resist the opportunity of renew ing Ma proteei&tiou; of ardent devotion, and the consequence was that, muoh agminet bis COnsaeooe, Claude Dami en continued to carry on his clandestine courtship. In extenuation cf these imprudent young people it may be utgod that Mrs. Ponsonby >v alker was hardly toss tohlamn than they, for Miriam's mother, , who was a stout lady ot an easy going, < hhgt&aUodhpMDtiQo;, tnust either have boon - intentionally blind < czbeauely stupid. At all event-, she never Interfered, tfaongb Claitde Damien contrived to obtain invitationj to several entertainments to which thaPonaonby Walkers were bidden, and, as the financier rarely aooompaniod his wife and daughter into »ociety, tbe voong man'fonnd no obitacle to hia love-making. Meanwhile, Clauds made strenuous efforts to obtain employment, bat unfortunately without KUC3CS. Hia friends were 'ohiefly retired half-pay brother oflioere of his late father, who had no influence whatever in the commercial world, and tho lad possessed no acoompliAhtnenN or rerources of any kiod which he could turn to account. .Luckily for himself his temperament was sanguine, and he found Miriam's sweet encouragement a , sufficient antidote against the demoralizing influences of perpetual disappointment. In this maimer a mouth or six woek posted, and the only reanlt of this lapse of time was that Claude Damien beoame more infatuated than ever. He was bsginning to feel a little depressed in momenta of solitude, when one day he was gtarLled by receiving a formidable looking letter, addressed iti an unknown hand and beanair an American stamp. Tho sight of it caused tbe yonug man on anxious thrill of expectation, for he immediately concluded that it was a reply from his maternal oucle. to whom lie had written many month pre viously. When, with trembling hand, he broke the eaal, the following communioation met his astonished gaze : .337, Block a. Pnixczss Towtc, i Kxnaas Cju.vri-. ( Siu ; I beg to acquaint you that, by the will of your late uncle, William Baruos of this city copy of which 1 incloeo), vou are entitled, as residuary legatee, to the whole of his property and effects, estimated at about $o, 000, 000. The testator died on the Jltt of last month. Awaiting the honour of your instructions, I am, air, youre obediently, Silas G. Bnorrxxn, Bxrriste-, etc. To Claude Damion . The to nag man fairly gasped for breath ae he read this amazing inteliigonoe, and for several minatee he stared blankly at the letter, unable to realize that he was actually a mil lionaire. Bat as he grow calmer, and pro ceeded to read the will of his deoeased relative he grasped the situation snffioently to jump into a cab and drive straight to the office of Ponsonby Walker. Miriam's father received him with ver-. "Eiaaxv "oouiteay , hat wirai ho annnoruwd hi good fortune and prodnaed the letter of fiiUs Blotting and the oopy of his uncle's will, the financier's manner changed completely. ' My dear Damien,' exclaimol Ponsonby Walker, in an almost awe-stricken voioe, this is glorious news ? I congratulate vou.' ' I love your daughter, air, ' murmured the young man tremulously. ' A million starling ejaculated Mr. Pon sonby Walker, rising excitedlv in his chair. ' It belongs to Miriam,' cried Claude with emotion. ' My dear Ciauda, your constancy ii touch ing,' said Mr. I'oasonby Walker quite over come. ' God bless vou, mv boy !' 'Thank you. sir,' said Claude, wringing the , hand of his future father-in-law. ' Claude, my boy, regardless of your for tune, it will be better that you should hare acme employment, As a start, therefore, I would suggest that you should join the Board of the Grand El Dorado Diamond Mining Company,' cried Mr. 1'onaonby Walker, wit& sudden exgr- rnass. ' Certainly, sir,' said the young wnw promptly. ' May I put yoa down for a hundred shares r ' inquired Mr. Ponsonby Walker in a business -like tone. ' I'll take a thouuud,' replied Cisudo, with a new and delightful souse of reoklsos- n ess. 4 No, no ; yon mustn't pot all yonr eggs in one basket. Tho Grand EL Dorado, however, will be a splendid tiiimr — a splendid thine. But a hundred shares will bo enough,' Mid Mr. PonAonby Walker, rapidly filling up a 1 printed form. ' There, my boy, aign that, and you will discover that I havo given you a princely wedding gift.' Claude Damien dashed off his signature in a lordly manner, and theaatazted off in artitc of delirious happiness to claim hia affianced bride. Then anoe a period of delicious ex - ciiemeot, during which the young man was scarcely oonaciouz of his own identity. Hia sudden elevation from poverty to extreme wealth almost turned his hsad. Not only was ' he received with affectionate defeieaoe into the bosom of tho Ponsonby Walker family, bat he was overwhelmed with congratulation and pdite attentions from every one. The fame of bis good look spread Abroad like wild fire, and before a week had elapsed every aswspaper in England published paragraphs Alluding to the e vent, and. also mm faming the happy caronmstaooea of hia engagement. 'Mr. Ponaonhy .Walker expressed great Aimoyanoe and indignation at the introdoufam of hD ds«ghter'« name into the pahlic pciata, bat Claude could not help fancying that his fathsr-in-lav7 elect was not aoaiapaaosed as be affected to be. But Clasne Damien bad somedtingtiteto think of bcridz lore -making and xrspoodieg to uongTotalatozy epistles. In the first pUoe it was cecomuy to take steps to obtain pos- sesrion of fain property, and for this purpose he plarefl is the hauls of a firm of soUctozB, reoonuaendod by Mr. Ponsonby Waikor. Unfortunately, Mr. Blotting wrote in reply to triegraphic inquiries that the tes- tator'scstate oonsmtBdslasteitirtiyof land end house whiah coold not be convsrted into money until after the uaoal interval- This was a disappointment to Claode, for he longed to taste the swasta of his inheritance, sod, moreover, be had been applied to for the pr- chaae money of his in the Grand £1 Hondo Gold Mining Oompany. Having po nrrv" of nisntinj ihia 4soumd, he had nosl- teraatxrebui to soA thpadrioeand swistanre (flfr. Pemaobr Wtlksr. ' What a ridicokma »i taction, exdaaoed to firmnrisr, with a hearty .iaqgh, as he alsppsd ' his fntarason«'in»lmr<w the haok. 'Twmgine an iaapsmiikuw raBHiftfiaire f ilrs awkazd all the mtf/ ssrid CBamV, : 'Tsoof Ttora noed be no difficoHy/ rro- psind PcAAipby Wslkm. 'Pfl ns£o you a : ; AoL'OpeAaaT-hs.ltoioaiairalaAfhogi matters ' pnA toteadis vm|htWaraiSe» idtahwiV torn- J— otmoding him, felt impre>B?d by the wisdom of the financier's veinaik. 4 1 suppose cot. ' uoqulGsoed Claude, doubt fully; 4 but where -shall I get the monoy from 4 You f»T\ borrow it from your solicitor, or — well, perhaps it is better to be icdepondent and yoa can afford the luxury — why not gut it from Benlevi ?' eaid Porvonby Walker. ' By all means. Bat who is Benlevi?' in quired Gloude. Benlevi of B aldington street, ' roplied Mr. Ponsonby Walker, with another sagacious wink. ' A money lender, hut honest as they go. Ha will make you pay for the accom modation, bat what will thst mattar to you?' So ClandS) wothingloth, -paid s vuit to Mr. Benlori, who roocived him very civilly, hav ing- evidently read ell about in the news papers. From thiv worthy ths yonng man obisinod, on sooserahatetailling terms, a sum ofdaocey whioh .enabled him to takunp his shares and left something ever. Being thus inlands Clauds Damien did not scrapie to launch out a little fay an expensive set of chambers and furnishing them out luxur- iously. Ho found no difficulty in obtaining credit from tradespeople, and having cnoo set the boil rolling, be soon raised a very consid erable orop of debts, and began to live in a manner worthy of his enviable oiraam- stanoea. At the install oe of his fature father-in-law, who represented that he ought not to neglect his own. interests, Clauds Damien attended ram or two meetings of tho directors of the Grand £3 Dorado Diamond Fining Oompany, though the prooeedings, and ledeed the oom- psry itself, rather bored him. It Was gratify- : sng, however, to the young n»n that his con nection with the oompany had had a very good effect and that its shares were bointr -eagerly applied for, especially as heanderstood that in some mysterious way the euocess of the company was an ex oollant thing for Miriam's fstOef. Claude was a little nuzzlod ; at this, beoiuseMr. Ponsonby Walker a name did not apponr on the proa pectus of tbe oom pany, nor umoog the list of shareholders. But the young man asked no questions, being absorbed wi th tho raptures of lovemaking and the delights of luxurious living, and, as Mr. .Ponsonby Waiker soon oeased to trouble him any znoro about the oompany, Claude wag per fectly content not to relor to it. It was, psrhape, fortunate for the young man's peace of mind that he ehirkod the di- ieotor»' mtetinga, and never road tho financial columns of the newspapers, for he thus re - maicod. in happy ignorance of ugly rumours which bagon to be circulated about the new venture. He did, indeod, hear somobhing of an unfavourable report which had oome to hand concerning the company's mines, wnd whii'h had caused a panic and a great oatcry among tho shareholdora. Still this gsvchixn but little uneasiness. Earlv one mor&ixur.hocrevnr.; n f«w ibm after these rumours first came to his oars, Clsude Damien fuund his Bitriug- room oc cupied by a gaunt -looking, elderly gentleman, who was seated in his host easy -chair, tran- quiUysmokicgaoigmr and reading tho news paper. Claude started in amazement at th e atrangcr, whose ehrivolled features Seemed oddly familiar, though he was not ooaeoicus of e%er having seen hiun before. Hii unoere- moninua Tiritor stared at him in return with on amused, half- oontamptuoas -crxprestion, which excited the young man's wrathfnl in dignations. ' Who arc yen , airf and what arc yoa doing here ?' demanded Claude angrily. 4 I'm a corpse,' rt&id; ho old gentleman with a sardonic grin. 4 A what f PTcJaimed Claude, (darting. 'I used to be your mother's brother Wil liam, and consequently your uncle, young man,' said tho etrangur. with a decided American twang; 'but it seams on this aide, I'm ouly a testator. Whan I heard the news over yonder, there seemed to me to be omjthing kinder wrong about it ; ao I've come over to make inquiries. 1 ' Gojd heavens 1 gsspod Claude, turning pale. ' if — if what yon say is true, I have born duped. But A£r. Silas Blotting of Prin cess Town ' ' There i no snob person,' interposed the old gentleman oalmly. 4 Wnat does itinuan, then ?' cried Claude wiidly. 'I have had letters from him. He told xre that ray uncle, William Barnes of Princess Town, was dead.1 ' There is no curb person aa William Barnes of Princess Town, either, I guess, said the old gentleman , with another grin. J'm located at Chicago, and left I'rinoeei Tbwn a dozen years ago. Have you any doubt that I'm your uncle, young man, and that I'm alivo still P" Claude looked earnestly at the faoe before him, but, in truth, his ecru Liny was unneces sary. Already tho conviction had -been borne upon him that he was speaking to hie mother's brother, far the family likeness was unmistakable . 'Seems to me, nephew, that you' ve em - barked on a pretty big swindle,' said his iui Io, with a significant glance round the well-appointed room. 4 1 am ruined, dishonoured !' exclaimed Claude, overwhelmed with shame as he thnught of his debts and tho difficulty of bis position. 4 What will Mr. Poosimby Walker — what will Miriam think f I am intiooent of any swindle, Uncle William,' Lc added, with fieroe energy. 6a j, how did it Allhappon then?' inquired his uncle, in a friendly tone. C»aude Damien, feeling that ho was on his defence, pulled himself together and gave a lacid and oohorant account of the events which have been narrated. His UQoleiis- tenod with close attention, and occasionally asked questions, which, if tho young man htd been loss agitated, would have given rise to a suspicion that tbe old gentleman had already made acquainted with the cirvamatanoda. Well, nephew, if you ain' t a knave you are a tool, which is almost as bad in these days,' said his urole. when he had finished. ' lour Mr. Ponsonby Walks his played you a nice triok !' 4 Mr. Ponsonby Walker !' exclaimed Claude with a start. Why, oertainly. It was a plan of his to boom hii precious company, whose shares, by the by, ore now worthless. Bat chat don't matter to him. He floated the ooooera, and got his promotion-maney, you bet,' said the old gentleman, with quiet conviction. 4 Impossible 1' gasped Claude, horrified At the suggestion. 'That is so, and you've got into on awk- waidsonpt. Tbe best thing you pan do is to dear out of it, and oome along with zne,' said his nnolc, not unkindly. I've business over yonder in Princess Town— dry-goods store. It ain't aristorastic, but it's honest. I (All myself Williams orertbero because I'm in trade and don't wont to hurt the family pride, added theold gentleman, earoostioullv. 'Hang family pesde ! I'll go with you unnle, certainly, sad if necessary, sweep out the shop,' oriod -Claude, with heortfult earn estness. 4 Bat what about my debts f Novnr mind your debts,' zsphsdthe old gentleman, who seemed pleased at his nephew's evident sincerity. -They Are not your debts ; they ore Mr. Pooscriby Walker's. He shall soe to 'em.' 4 And— and Miriam tte young man with a beating heart. 4 Miriam ! Oh ! That is the giri f Too dua't suppose she really cares for vou, you young idiot aald his uncle brusquely . I'm sure she does. WlAtovwher fatbra maybe. Miriam is true, and— and I lore bar, , Uncle "William, batter akf my lift, a- nliimd CUnde excitedly. 'Wail, if that is ao,' -amid his uzude. Is A q«aet, matter -of faot tone, 4 as I've no room rfor aWant-aiiuk d iovetB in mtj AttabiUkmssst vou had better mmoxj her stsAght away. Xoo think atowupM oome, «h f 'UncieT ejaculated OUndo, ooroUtaty «g«twl byiheboldxmoifi» propomtiow Why—why, of oouxra to voold. But — y Aawr iKMtt. Mr. iMIyWdbr — " with a grim ladle. , He wiU be only too anxious to get rid of the ghost be has raised on any terms, you bst ! I've got eridanoe in my pocket which will make Mm Uftten to reason. If ycu oan peraiuda the girl to come back with -us in the Etruria at the raid of tho month, I'll fix matters with her father and get his Messing— for what it's worth I — into the bargain.' CUudo never quite understood how it all oocturod, but he not only received Ponsonby Walker's bietttag, but, what -was mere to the point, tbe hand of his daughter and rc- oeipts for all the mooey he owed. — Louden Truth, 