BRITISH AND FOREIGN. Of the English bench of bishops twelve are pledged abstainers. The followers of Father M'Glynn, in New York, are raising funds to purchase him a house. Several thousand dollars have already been subscribed. The Pope is said to have secretly left the Vatican for 24 hours recently. He went to Carpineto to see a dying brother, and travelled to and fro by ni^ht with the utmost precau tions to conceal ms identity. There has lately been a great increase of proselytieingenergy among the Roman Catholics at Oxford. It is reported that Lord St. Gyres, son and heir of the present Lord Iddesleigh, and an undergraduate of Magdalen, has been received into the ohuroh of Rome. Captain Bundy, of Chicago, a religious enthusiast, has built a steam gospel ship, and is making a tour of the lakes iu her, etopping at various towns along the way to hold religious services. 5o is accompanied by his daughter, and pays his expenses largely himsslf. Dr. Barnardo's Homes for Destitute Chil dren now shelter more than 3.000 children, ar:d comprise within thesccpe of their 33 insti tutions a vast number of agencies for the material, moral, and spiritual benefit of the poor of East London Over £100 a day is re quired for food alone. Donations are urgently needed. Mr. D. A. Hoste, of the China Inland Mission, writes from 8hansi: " Tho work here at present is in many respects similar to that which went on during our Lord's ministry, namely, healing the body of large numbers, and preaching and teaching of a comparatively small body of disciples.*' When the Shah virited Hatfield House (the residence of Lord Salisbury), he was much struck with tho magnificent chapel in which servico U daily said whilst Lord Salisbury and the family are in residence.' The Shah wished to know if all the English nobility had prayer houses, and amazed to learn that the eon of the Prime Minister was tho parish priest in Hatfield The annuol a*esemblv of the United Metho dist Free Churches of England was opened on July 9, at Redruth, in Cornwall, when between 209 and 309 representatives were present from all parts of tbo country, as well as from East Africa, Jamaica, New Zealand, Sierra Lcooe, Victoria, and Ta-mania. The Rev. Ralph Aberorombie, editor of tbo connexional maga zine, was elected president, and the Rev. M. T. | M yers, connexional secretary. Mr. W. R Bradlaugh has just completed a most successful mission at New Sw'ndon amoug tho men employed in the Great Western Hail way works. A special feature of this work has been tho dinner-hour services. The ordinary place of meeting outside tho works being too small, Mr. Bradlaugh delivered his lecture, "Infidelity—Its Cause and Cure," in the Market Square. Large quantities of his anti- infidel literature have been scattered among the men, and much good has been accomplished. The well informed correspondent of tbo Tolitsche Corrcipontlenz at tho Vatinan sends somo interesting details about tho Pope's health. Ho says that thoro have been exag gerated reportaabout tho Holy Father's growing feebleness, the truth being that for a man in his 79th year the Pope is remarkably healthy and active. His Holiness's doo'or, however, had lately to use a pious stratagem iu ordt.r to provent him fr -ra going do inhabit the casino of Tius IV. iu tho gardens of the Vatican, a* they considered this snmmer pavilion too damp. Tho correspondent adds that tho Popo was natnrally agitated by tho discussion raised on tho projects for removing tho Papaoy from Rome. This question, how over, was definitely settled in the secret con sistory held at the end of June, when it was decidod that bis Holiness should leave Homo as soon a» ho received poBitivo information from a friendly Powor that a war was imminent in whioh Italy would take part. It is estimated that in Pari? 50,000 parsons who formerly were sceptics have been brought to Christian faith through tho agency of the hi'All Mission. The Rev. G. Clark Love, of Killeter, in tho Donegal Presbytery, at its late meeting, an nounced his iotentioa of emigrating to Australia on account of hie health. Bishop Sandiord, lately of Tasmania haslost one of his daughters by death in Scotland. The bishop is now actively engaged in his work as coadjutor to the Bishop of Durham Rev. Dr. Strong, of New York, recently stated that the Evangelistic Allianc \ in Phila delphia found one woman who was a member I in regular standing of 13 Baptist churches acd j was receiving aid from all of them. An old church in Cabokia, Illinois, U.S.A., which was built iu 1684 of cedar logs, was torn | down a few weeks ago to make way for a more modern building There were only two churches | in America—at St. Augustine and Santa Fe which were older. The London Hospital Sunday collections, though still incomplete, reach a tntel of I £35,000. Rev. Canon Fleming, of Chester | Square church, was able to forward £1,007 l'2s. 4d. to the fund—said to be the largest offertory aver received from one church. ' The Bishop of Ballarat and Biflhop Barry will take a prominent part at the Cardiff Church Congress, in October nest, particularly in the discussion on the reciprocal relationship between the church at home, and its foreign and colonial missions. The Bishop of St. Albans is going to resign ! during the autumn, his age and health render- I ing his remainiug longer impcesibie. There are several peraoca mentioned as possible suc cessors to him, but Lord l find a rich man, as the bishop will keep half the income. The Hon. Gertrude Kinnaird recently visited Southampton and gave some forcible addresses to the navvies engaged at work on the dock. With their wives and families they thronged around her. During the men's dinner hour Miss Kinnaird visited them at the extension works, and gave addresses which were most attentively listened to. The Rev. William Scott, of Albion Church, Hull, who has accepted the pastorate of the Congregational Church at Brisbane, will not leave Eogland for Queensland until after the autumnal meetings of the Congregational Union. Mr. Scott has been in Hull seven years as pastor of tho church in which Rev. Newman Hall commenced hi' ministry. Mr. Josiah Nix, of the Wesleyan West Cen tral Mission, Locaon, has commenced a Sunday afternoon open-air evangelistic service. He has about 300 workers to help him, aud large con gregations gather to listen to the preaching of the Gospel * On Sunday last the service took plaae in Hyde Park, and was conducted by Rev. Hugh Pri'e Hughes. On the two pre vious Sundays it was Held iu Regent's Park. Cardinal Lavigcrie has addressrda letter to M. Brincat,'so well known for his labours in the anti-slavery movement, aonounoing that a competition is to be beld for the composition of a cantata dealing with tho abolition of African slavery. Prizes of 1,000 and 500 francs are offered; and the works to which the first and second prizes may be adjudged will be per formed at Lucerne by one of the Swiss choral societies. The Bishop of St. Albans (England) has sanctioned the use of a special burial service over unbaptieed persons: and it has been used at Coggeshall parish ohurch over the remains of a well known Essex solicitor, a regular attendant at his parish church, who had declined to accept i the rite of baptism, though his son was cbnrcn wardenof the pariah church. Dr. Cl&ughton; dedicates, but doeB not consecrate, burial grounds in his diocese where there is a burial board. The Russian Minister of Finance intends to t*x the property of the Protestant churches in the Baltic provinces, which has hitherto been exempt from land taxes, and is capablo of adding a very respectable amount to the revenue. This measure is commented upon as one of the series of reforms by which the central Government is now thoroughly Rus rifying the old German institutions of the Bal tio provinces. To diminish the lnfiumce of the I German Protestant clergy in ihese provinces is \ one of the chief aims of the supreme authorities. Theprogressive party in Wesley an Methodism hail with satisfaction the appointment of the new president as chief of tbe book departiu nt, and his accession to office is being regarded as one of the mo*t gratifying events iu the modern bistorr of Methodism. It has long been felt that the policy of the connexional book-room has been touch too timid and traditional, and that with such monopolies and resources three or four times tho amount of annual profit? might easily he secured, if the management were iu younger hands and more vigorously carried forward. Dr. Parker (says tho Tunptan Mali, of I August 16) n intent on a big scheme. "That | is the chuich I want to see," he exclaimed, : advocating his open church scheme at New cast e ; i" not sotne little walled* off place that contains its own little deities, but the church of love, sympathy, hopofulness; not the church which ignores God or undervalues theology, but which believes that in the human heart there may be consent and unity, whereas on the human tougue there may be all manner of difference aud controver?ial expression. Young men, I want you to join this ohurch. A formal statement of the plan will appear in duo time. I have oily betrun to sketch it. Now I am spoaking cut of tho feelings of my heart, and will claim the right to revise and readjust any thing which may have escaped mo in extem poraneous speaking. My meaning, however, is c'oar enough—tbat wo are soaking t > consti tute a larger church, au inclusive church, a church that shall not override or Jnjuro any othor church, to iuclude tho wholo in ono testi mony of roliunco upon Christ, and search niter truth." Despatches from Rome received at Rev York announoe that the Pope has appointed & supreme Ecclesiastical Tribunal of the Oatholie Church for the United States, to which all matters concerning Church polity, directly or indirectly, and also all other ecclesiastical matters "will be referred for final adjudication, blatters affecting Church dogmas will be sub [ect to review by the Propaganda on appeal. The tribunal consists of Cardinal Gibbons, Arch* bi- bop of Baltimore; Monsignor Corrigan, Archbishop of New York; and Monsignor Ryan, Archbishop of Philadelphia." Canon Liddon preached to a orowded congre* gation in St. Paul's, .London, lately, the first ot a series of sermons on the Magnificat. -It was not, he said, absolutely original, being largely modelled on Hannah's after the birth of Bamuel. Having pointed out in detail the similarity between the two hymns, Dr. Liddoo referred to Strause's criticism that if the Vir gin's hymn was inspired from on high, there would have been more originality in it, and remarked that the Holy Ghost was not hound to adopt the exact degree of originality which might approve itself to a modern literary man of a sceptical turn of mind. The only organised body of Moslems in Eng land is in Liverpool; and they worship in a email chapel in Mount Vernon street. They lately prepared an illuminated address; and npon it being intimated to the Shah that: they desired to personally-make the presentation, his Majesty asked to be supplied with a draft copy. He approved of the address, and ex* pressed considerable interest in the fortunes of bis coreligionists. Time was pressing with tbe Shah. So he asked that a short statement of the history of the Moslem movement should be prepared and presented to him along with the address in Manchester. Pauso^ : " Did you *ver experience a revival of religion, sir?" Travelling man: "Yes, once, on board ship, in a storm. It looked as if we might go to tbe bottom any minute. Even the cook prayed!" A last resource it was. Mr. Lob Lott, " John, send me a boy." Mr. Avredge, " The boys are all out, sir." Mr. Lott, "Ring for a district messenger." Mr. Avredge, "Very sorry, sir; bat the messenger-call is ont of order." Mr. Lott, " I mast get a message to Blank and Blank somehow, and I can't spare time to run round and see them. Are the noder clerks at dinner ?" Mr. Avredge, " Yea sir." Mr.Lott (despairingly), "Then I will have to use the telephone.' It is soberly related that a youthful married couple, whose house has recently been glorified by the addition of a facsimile of the beautiful littb mother, decided to have the christening service at home. A venerable minister was called to officiate. He took the babe in his arms affectionately, and addressed a few words of advice to tbe young parents. 41 See that you train up this child in the way that he should »o; that yon surround him with the best in fluences, and that you give him a good example. If you do so, who knows hut he may become a John Wesley, or a George Whitfield ? What is hisname ?" "Nellie, sir," replied the mother. —Boston Traveller, A narrative is going the round of the French Press describing how a recently deceased countryman, a native of Normandy, sought to annoy bis wife during his last hours, and how the cunning of the peasant woman got the better of bis plan. The countryman on his deathbed called his wife to his ade to tell her that after he was gone she was to sell the hone he had ridden for several years, and give the proc-eds of the sale to his parents, and to sell his dog, keeping whatever it might fetch for herself. A week after the funeral his widow carried ont his instructions in this way. She went to the village market-place with the two animals, offering the dog for 500 francs, and the horse for five francs, the condition of the sale being that the purchaser of the horse must likewise take the dog. The impression naturally was that the peasant woman had lost the use of her reasoning faculties, until, having suc ceeded in celling the two animals together, she explained how she had been situated, and handed over five francs, the price of the horse, to her Ifcte husband's relatives, keeping the 500 francs, the price of the dog, for herself. 