BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. The annual services for 1889 of the Beechwortli auxiliary of the above society commenced iu the Oddfellows' Hall last Sunday afternoon; when the various Sunday-schools met together. The attendance was considerably affected by reason of the almost unintermittent rain which fell throughout the day. Nevertheless there was a good gathering. Mr A. M. Stewart, one of the vice- presidents of the auxiliary, presided, and on the platform, besides the mem bers of the choir, were the Revs. Geo. Davidson (agent for the parent society), Henry Swan (Presbyterian), J. "Wilson (Independent), and J. J. Turnbull (Baptist). The proceedings commenced with a hymn from the special selection for the anniversary, " Joy Bells," which | was heartily sung by the clioir and con- j gregation, after which the Rev. H. Swan read as a first lesson Ecclesiastes xu. Then came another hymn, " Tell Me the Old, Old Story," which, from its familiarity, was cheerfully rendered by all assembled. A second lesson followed from the New Testament, read by tbe Rev. J. J. Turnbull, tbe Rev. J. Wilson afterwards offering a suitable prayer. The hymn, " Jesus Loves Me," was sung, tbe youthful voices being heard to advantage in this simple but tuneful air. The chairman next offered a few appro priate remarks by way of introduction of tbe agent of the British and Foreign Bible Society who was present specially to address the young people that afternoon. The Rev. Air Davidson spoke for half-an- hour in a most entertaining way, showing bow tbe Bible christianised savage lands, and the many ways in which money might be saved for Bible Society work. He urged all to increased interest in tbe circulation of the Scriptures, and ex pressed his great pleasure in being privileged to meet the young people. Tbe address throughout sparkled with anecdotes of an appropriate character, bearing on the work of tbo Bible Society, and happy turns were occasionally given to sentences which, while enforcing truth, provoked a smile. Tbe youthful audience was most attentive, their interest in the rev. speaker's remarks being unflagg- ingly maintained. After hymn No. 4, j"0! Galilee," was sung (the choir singing the quartette, the audience taking up the chorus) the collection was made, and realised ihe sum of £1 12s 94d. The service closed with the singing of tbe hymn, " Wonderful Words of Life," and the Benediction pronounced by tbe Rev. G. Davidson. The service of song was conducted by Mr J ohn Fletcher in his usual excellent style, and Miss Lawrence efficiently presided at the cabinet organ, a new and splendidly- toned instrument kindly lent for the occasion by Messrs Simpson and Moglia, of Camp-street. At the hour for commencing tbe evening service of the united congre gations it was raining steadily, but there was, despite that fact, a good attendance. The president of the auxiliary (the Rev. H. Swan) presided, and associated with him were the Revs. G. Davidson, Wilson, Osborne and Turnbull. The service commenced with a Sanctus, "Holy, Holy, Lord God of Hosts," which was very effectively rendered by the choir, accommodated on the platform and com- prising representatives of the different church choirs, the voices blending most harmoniously. Prayer was then offered by the president, after which the first bvmn in the special selection for tbe evening service, " All People that on Earth do Dwell," to the grand old tune, " Old Hundredth," was heartily joined iu by the whole congregation. The Rev. J. A. Osborne read the first lesson, and the hymn, "When Quiet in My House I Sit," was sung, after which the second lesson was read by tbe Rev. J. Wilson. Prayer by the Rev. J. J. Turnbull followed, and then the choir ren dered the anthem, " Blessing and Honor," effectively. The annual sermon was preached by tlie Rev. G. Davidson from tbe text, " Heaven and earth shall pa is away, but my Word sbaT not pass away." An excellent and' telling dis course was listened, to with attentive appreciation. On Monday evening, a tea-meeting, attended by tbe rev. gentlemen named and the members of the committee of the auxiliary, was held in the Oddfellows' Hall, after which a well-attended public meeting took place in the Independent Church. The proceedings included an address on Bible Society work, by the Rev. Geo. Davidson, the presentation of the annual report and balance- sheet by the Rev. H. Swan (who conducted the meeting), prayer and a passage of Scripture by tbe Revs. Osborne, Wilson and Turnbull, and singing by the choir, led by Mr Cunningham. At the annual united service in tbe Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, on Sun day evening, after a few introductory remarks, expressing bis pleasure at tbe opportunity thus afforded of meeting the friends of tho British and Foreign Bible Society at Beechworth, the Rev. George Davidson said he purposed addressing a few words to them from tbe remark made by our Saviour contained in St. Mark's Gospel, 13th chapter, 31st verse, " Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." It was interesting to Christians, followers of Jesus our Lord, not only to acquaint themselves with what Jesus did, but also with what He said. Now, it was not to be supposed that the Gospel contained all that our Lord spoke mul did, for do we not read that if all were written "the world itself would not contain thebooks that should be written?" No doubt all felt they would like to have been present when our Lord blessed His disciples, and gave them commission to " go into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." There were times when we lean for comfort on tbe words and sayings of friends dear to us. Their words are precious. Is it not especially so at the. time of death ? How their sayings administer comfort, cheer and hope. And, so we bless God for the words of. Jesns, for all His gracious words. The words of the text are a long way from the traditional. Tbe words were, doubtless, spoken by Jesus on a calm spring evening, as he and those with Him stood on the gentle slopes of tbe Mount of Olives. They were within sight of Bethany, often the home of our blessed Redeemer. One of tbe disciples speaks to Him, " Master, sec what manner of stones and what buildings are here !" As if be bad said, "Lord, what a magnificent temple is . that yonder ! What an evidence of permanency is there ! What could ever destroy these ?" Jesus looks at him, and, in tones always of kindness and love, says, '? Seest thou these great buildings ? There shall not be left one stone upon another that shall not be thrown down." This may have seemed incredible to His listeners, but they were the words of Jesus — of Him who uttered the words of the text, " Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." True, He who spoke thus would soon be crucified on the cross ; but soon He would . be also tbe risen Redeemer, and after that His disciples would remember His words, and the utterance of the text would not be forgotten. There are many things in this world which fill men's minds, but which are transitory ; but the things that the Holy Ghost, when He touches the heart, reveals to men are eternal, and tliey realise then that the words of the Lord shall stand for ever. The i wisest of -us are apt to forget this — that I everything in this world is subject to decline, to decay, to death. What bright hopes fill the minds of the young — what ambitions ? We are told of one who, when he had conquered all the world, wept because there were not more worlds to conquer. Whether that , were true or not, it is true that tbe cry goes up daily of vanquished hopes aDd blighted expectations. The biggest country in, this world .is where, hopes lie buried. But when tbo Holy Spirit of God enters the heart all such iiopes must perish with the objects they were set upon. We look for our greatest source of happiness in this world in the household, not in solitariness. Many bless God for home happiness. But where is the home where death has not paid at least one visit ? In tbe midst of this only true joy is to be found in the fact that we shall share our Father's house, the place of many mansions or permanent homes. Said Jesus : " If it had not been so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you, that where I go there ye inay be also." Yes, and we ourselves are changeable creatures— not tbe same to-day ns we were yesterday, nor to-morrow as the next day — and we realise the truth of the poet's words, "Change and decay in all arouud I see." The more need then, if this be so, for men and women to cling to Christ. This world must be removed, though we know some talk as though it would never pass "away. We know that God Himself has declared it shall not perish by water, but it shall by fire. Nevertheless, how full the world is of schemes. There are schemes social, political, moral, &c.; But when Christ shall appear, where will all the schemes of men be ? Those who know, even but a litt'p, of Jesus would not wish this world to be eternal. " Thy word, 0 Lord, called all this into beina. Thou didst form the mountains, spread the valleys, make the rivers to flow and set all in motion, and Thou hast declared My word shall not fail." " Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." Now, it was only about forty years aftor these words were uttered that the mighty city Jerusalem and its magnificent temple were destroyed. J osephus, the renegade Jewish historian, records that this event actually came to pass, just as predicted by Jesus. The people and children of the people who cried, " Crucify Him ! Crucify Him 1" themselves were put to death. The renegade Jew,. Josephus, positively records this,, and the face is, therefore, established. But, yon may say, St. Mark's record' may refer to the destruction of Jerusalem or to something else. Will the destruction of Jeru salem come suddenly and unexpectedly? But as suddenly and unexpectedly shall that other eveni appear, and while we , are not con&cjzaed; in the prediction g£ , the one event" we are - in-- the other, namely, the judgment of the world by Jesus. But besides the literal there is the historic faith of the Gospel. There is not much said in the New Testament about the word Christian. The word oply occurs a few times, but it stands for all that is great and noble in man. and the Christian is the man who rests his salvation in the power of Jesus by faith in His name ; and the hope of im mortality is his portion. It was hoped that all present were wearing the bright crown of Christian hope, that though we go into the grave we ascend to tho place of the blessed, for "'if in this life only we have hope, we are, of all men, most miserable." True, there are some who don't believe in a resur rection. Thev say, among other things, there would not be room enough in this world to contain all who would rise from their tombs. But if you could stand with a friend in a cemetery and said you could not believe in one rising from the dead, and after you had spent all your arguments, your friend ' should say, " I know more thau you do," and at his call one came .forth giving con- elusive evidence of the fact, would you not then believe ? That friend is Jesus. He tasted death and is now ascended to Heaven, having overcome death. Says He, " I ani the resurrection and the life. Does a man believe in me lie shall rise again." Believest thou this ? Lord, I believe. Lastly, may it not also be said that this prediction of our blessed Lord has its fulfilment in the circulation of that Word which tells of the grace and salvation of Jesus ? We think of the 2S0,000 Jubilee penny Testaments sent out to this colony a short time ago since, and the 267 languages of the earth in which Holy Scripture is printed. Wherever any great movement for the welfare of men has taken place, the Divine Word has been at the bottom or it. it transiorms the nature, renews the heart, and con verts the soul. No matter whether it be the case of the Fijian native who, in the great meeting, held up the Bible and said, " It was this that brought light to my soul, bright peace to my soul," or the soldier in the Battle of Richmond who, when the burial party came round to gather aud inter the bodies of the slain, died in the faith of Tesus with his finger at the verse in the 23rd Psalm, " Though I pass through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil, for thou art with me ; thy rod and staff they comfort me," or as in the case of Charlotte Elliot, who when too ill to attend the services, of the sanctuary could say, " I read my Bible more now ; here is my High Priest ; here I have fellowship with the apostles, and -with the whole army of martyrs." Yes, the Bible is the revelation' of God's love to mau, and may we trust it in the dark and in the light, while we' live and when we die. Amen. A collection was taken up in aid of the ftmds of the society, and realised the sum of £3 13s 94d. The service concluded with the well- known hymn, " Rock of Ages," and the Benediction. 