pefgonal. Mr and Mrs. Featon, o[ Otago, have issued un art album of New Zealand flora in an edition <1* Ivme. Mil. J. L, Duly, tliu American Consul at Tahiti' married ilvo million dollars, and u princoss Ilu-own in. Mu. F, A. A. Wilson, Into gonoml"«tauifttjj(!i) pjTjthu., I Mercantile Dunk o£ Sydney, ia about'tojoin the 'jirm" ol! Messrs. Mills and I'ilo. / ' ^ * I -:-C Itisiioi* Higglua, Cardinal Muwn'i/ijyw ,'ussodlaltj aays tho public schools ot! Now South Wales insidiously promote licentiousness and inildollty, Mil. J. L Uonylhon, editor ol! tho South Australian Adeerthvr, has boon a; pointed president oi' the South Australian School of Minos. Mil. Moaos Josephs, ol! .Sydney, has loft properly In Now South Wales valued for purposes oi' probulo n^ £liM,(Hy, Mu. :L<\ Molvlllo Dunoan, ol! Otugo, is sending aevot-nl plolui-os o£ Scottish scenery by prominent artists to tlia Dunodiu Exhibition. J) It. l'\ Ti-uby King, luto House Siu-goon at AVelllny; ton Hospital, has boon appointed Lecturer on Mental Discuses at CHago University, Mu. ,l'\ lllltiyworlh has secured llto scat In tho Legislative Council o£ 'Victoria, vaoaloil by Mr. W. P. Simpson. Sin Win. VOX and Mr, Jusopli Newman aro doing all In Iheli- power to prevent tho sale oL'buer, wines and spirits at tho Dunodlu Kxhlblllou. 11 Ultli Curl Kuhlor has not yot dollverod tho portrait o£ M is, Hugo Woi'thelm, for which tho artist was to havu boon paid X, 1,000 11' satlsractorlly oxouutod. Siu William Maogrogor, AdiulnlHlratnr ol! Hrltlsh Now Uulnun, has usuondod Mount Owuii Stunluy to a hulght of l(l,U00£t, M.lt, O'Mulloy Clarke, the Sydney I'olloo Muglntmlo, thinks that II! tlio totullHutor wuro legalised inul pi'opoi'ly nmnugod It would bu ii boon lu tho community, Sin AmbroHo Shou, tho popular Clovornov ol! tho llulmmu Island,v, Is mentioned as u future Australlun Governor. Lady Hhou Is a vory olovor woman, Mu, If. Clrahunt, u South AuhU'uIIuu HquuUor'H hoii, juiH boon Holoutod to ooulust Wont St. L'liiiuras (Loudon)) In Lliu Tory Inlurual. Siu ThoiiuiH .l'lldur,ol! South Austrulla, Iiuh purohuwod lit Mnyhuul twolvu thoroughbred oolta uml IIIIIon J!or IiIm iSl ui'phutv 11 lo stud, M ill Wiltlutu Mooi'u liny buoii oluulcid I'ruMlduiit of i/liu TuHnmnliiu IjuglMlutlvu Council, mul Mr, Wi ll, Duryuss Loudur ol! tliu Opposition, In lliu AHHiuubly, MU, Uliiii'luM;;,\\\'iil.t, who illud lu Molb.iiii'nu un J lily l7,ii«od 7fl, wi.w'.h colonial ol! .11(1 yuurs), mul llto I'oimdui1 oC tlio ?Amtru'tantm fiMfaJftivim, < Mil, W. Ill WIIHOII, imool! tlio IJi'oldm Mill dll'uuUu'H, >viiM lyluy Hurloiwly III at u prlvittu hospital lu Loudon Oil Juno (I. M:u, Thompson, tlio Australian bookmaker, is tlos crlbod as having boon in Ida element at tho ISnglish Derby, and won somotliing worth having. M:u, J', J. 0. Abbott, a member of tho Cabinet of tho Dominion oil Canada, luia been appointed to visit Australia with a view to promoting inereaaod counnor eial reciprocity. Miss Alice McKlsaook, who, wldiat dancing a polka at the ball given by the Mayor oi' Dallarat, tliud In hoi' partner's nrnn, waa a sister of Mrs. J. Wllliama, wife o£|the secretary oE the Dullnrat Woollen Mill. / *' HOct 1:1 0. ,S. Iliddlostoiio, the woll-kuown Australian cricketer, Is under remand for a week, chargod with having embezzled Xl!2.j0 from tho ollleo of tho Begls Irar General oE Now South "NValos. Sin Thos. Cockburn-Oampbell, Bart., M.L.C., has written an artiole on "Western Australia, and her Asplrationa," for the Auguat number of Tho C'antonnial Magazine. LADV Klutore, to prove herself tlio worthy wlt'o of a Governor oE a democratic people, Is called upon by an Adelaide paper to give an exhibition with tho vioo« regal household tub on washing day Mil, ~\V. J, Napier, of Auckland, who appeared for tho pluluUH: hi tho Great Samoun Land Case, Cornwall and Maiiaema v. Win. MoArthur und Company, got a thousand guineas for his sorvlees. Tj.vtJv D.ishwood, whoso death was roeontly an tiouueed, was tho moans oE bringing Mine. Christina Nllsson to England j and it was In her drawlng«rooin that the SwedishiNlghtlngalo Urst sang. Hilt Henry Norman Ja often to be seen on ttic llris* bane river in a eanou. Tho Governor ot (.iuoenshmd purchased tho canoe from Captain Heath, who recently had it constructed on a spociid pattern for his own uso MtsM Ellen Hart, lliu looturess, intends to start ns mi auctioneer in Melbourne. Tho ailvoeate ot Womon'a lllglits should lie a success at " knoeUIng down," having gained some experience In knocking down provincial editors. Miw. Hugo Werthelm's costumo worn at ona of tho festivities at Government Housa, Melbourne, cost /iOOO, I ho laoo alono being won h twenty guineas a yard, Mw, Wertholin is tho only daughter of her husband's iiuolo, u b'mnVort millionaire. Mil. T. Millar, Mayor ot U'lomlugton and Mousing" ton, Is the youngest member of the Manchester Unity Ordor ot Oddl'ollosvrt who luis beuoiuo grandmaster oil that order, and possesses luth the gold and silver rogullu. . Mil. I'red Urootullgld, who " boomed" Mv. Cluor^o 0. Mllu during that gentleman's recent Melbourne Honson ut tlui Opera House, lias returned to his I'oriuor posi tion on tliu .Sydney JUdUtln, Mr, llroomllold has Uiu reputation of being a misogynist, ]Uu, Hlmuit I'Vusur, of Auokluud, niul at uite time piper to thu JJuUo ol! .Sutherland, hnu> reeelved the appointment o|' paUl pipuL' to tho Caledonian Soolety oL' Auckland, l!oi' whom lio lias ptuyud gratuitously for tliu luat Um yours, "i Mil. J'aiuuM WluUoiw, J.I1, lato oL1 iDoimlwgtou Hall, '.tiudUury, Ilurul'omhlru, wUu.diuil on March i.O, and lullls pui'/tonul estate amounting to upwiu'ds >U ILQMH), was . brotlior to tho lato Vino Uhuuuoilol'i Hli« ilolp^\^kuiiH. ono .bC tliu most Ioih'iuhI lasvyui'M \yliu ruvoV g'rauod'vLliu Mnull«li liunuh, and Uwb ouus'lu to 8lr Arthur Huytur IliU'unot, and to Mr, II. .11., Uiiylur, Cluvum« myut HIIU'IhL ul! Vlwtorlu. Mit. D. Martin, tho Victorian Secretary for Agricul ture, js to bo congratulated on the third Bulletin just forwarded to us from tlio Government Printing Office. Tho publication which consists of 211> octavo pages, is replete with useful information to the Australian agriculturist, Jilt, John Plumiuar, who, in addition to boing the Australian representative of tho London GrajpJtiCj is Sydney correspondent oE tho New York Spirit of the 'flutes, and other American pnpors, wants his old colleague, Stephen Fiske, to visit Australia. MJt, Austin Brarolon, tho husband of Miss Edith Bland, is dramatic critic of tho Sydiuy Morning Herald. Ho has had considerable uxporlonco in Eng land, both as thcatx'lcal manager and as a writer for the press, Mis. Wb, Pitt, tho well-known Melbourne architect, is said to have nearly JM00,000 worth ot building now on hand, including the now. theatre in llussoll-strcot and another new theatre in Sydney, about to bo oroetod for Messrs. "Williamson, Garner and Mtisgrove. Mh, G, H, Parkin, wholoeturud on Monday night on National Unity, at tho Melbourne Town Hall, under tho auspices of tho Victorian branch of thu lmporiaH Federation Luagito, is ono oE tho greatest orators t that over spoke on u platform in Australia. Mit. Honry S. D.irloy has been appointed Associate to his honor tho OhloE Justico of Now South Walos and Mr, S. E. Lamb, who occupied tho position for a considerable time, wilt rcsutno his practlco at the fa'yducy liar. Tub Murchionuss of Stafford describes Sir William ltoblnson as " a tall, oloun-shavon, clovor-looking nuin, and dovotod to muslo i but ho must bo a tyrant, as hu makes his a/dtf-dwaiitji wear uniform at all times j blacls uniform and cap too." This was ut Adoluldo. Mxt, Oocll T. Davouport, "youngest son oE Mr, Itobort Davenport, of Batfcunga, South Australia, who has boon studying at St, Bartholomew's Hospital, London, for somo years, has p:msod his final oxutulautlon as Follow o£ tho Uoyjvl Oollogo of Surgeons', Br, Davouport in tends to prautlso In Adelaide, Si a no u Stolfunl, tho popular toaehor o£ tho violin, is tho fortunate possessor oE a collection of vorltftblo "old masters," which howovor ho loft in Italy svlion sotting out for Australia with his wife, Madamo Cfu« 'brlolla Booma, Slgnor StulTanl has photographs of ovory ploturo In tlia aollogtlon, Mil, F, B, Soholt, who was oonnootod with nrtlstlo work during his throe years' vJsIt to Australia, lms now boon appointed Art Editor to Harper .Urothurs, a posU ' tlon whloh Is ouusklurud tho best ol' Its kind In tho ,'Uuitod Status, Mr, Soltoll Jh residing ut B'JO WiilnuU sti'uot, I'ltlladulphla, Mu, J, Lougstall1 Is, uouordlny to n aot'rospoudont from Paris, dlslumrlortud ovur his mloti plotiu'o->UIh wlfu's portrait-now Mint It Is hung, as aomo Fronoli orltlo lias drawn utUmtkm to tho ucmtmst ol! thu bluo« gruon plush of thu lady's oostuuiu ayalnst a background of rod pink, whloh doos not favour Uto Fronoli tu'tfstly aona'o of good tuato, Mn, Ilobui't Town#, founder oE 'i'ownavlllo,' limb In. trodtiood kanakas to work on his ooUon plantation in 1800, Mr, 10, M, Long, it Maokay sugar plantar, is evidently ullvo to tlio t'ui/L that blaok Inbuilt' In dead la Queensland, and has oiiyugod lll'ty Clurinaii i'atnlllos witli a view ol! working IiIh plantation ori tlio aautml mill Hystunii . -t - i'liUPJiiUMOit lloburt VS'ullii'fo, of thu', CJhuli' ol' Agri culture hiii I it lira I Economy attliu Mil In burgh University, wlio is now on a visit to the Australian colonics with a view of becoming familiar with its modes of agriculture, ndvocntcs the promotion of prac tical rather than seicntlfle men to responsible posts in agricultural schools and similar establishments. The Hon. Beaumont Arnold Moulclun, the now Attorney-General of South Australia, was born October ID, 1810, in St. Thomas street, London, arriving in Adelaide exactly a year later with his father, Mr. J. Edlin Moulden. Mr. Mouldon lias twlco visited Eng land, and on tho last occasion (188(1) was admittod by patrimony to tho Freedom of tho Worshipful Company ' of Farriers, London, and to tho Freedom of tho Olty of London. Mil. ltobort Thorburn, a native o£ tho Shonlhavon district, and also tho lucky owner of o'no quarter of tho Homeward Bound mine, Yahval, Now South Wales, has purchased the whole of Mr. Owen Malonu's mail and passenger coach contracts, Mr, Thorburn now runs Ills magnllicent toams on about 150 miles road, namely- Kiaraa to Ulladulla and Nowra, 03 milos ; Kiama to Moss Vale, Moss Vale to Nowra, 70 miles. Mil. Charles liagloton, solicitor, who dlqd last week in Adelaide, at tho ago of Iwonty-nino years, was formerly a member of tho firm of lSngleton and Sons, solicitors, Chancery-lane, London. Ho came out to tho colony a few years ago, and married n datightor of Mr. G. T. Hargravo, and then returned to England, but after a stay of two years there came back to South Australia. Owing, however, to tho weak state of his health, ho was unable to resume tho practice of his profession. He l»avos a widow and one ohilcl. Slit Patrick Jennings, ox-Premier of Now SoiU.li Wales, and owner of squatting properties iu that colony, Victoria and Queensland, WHS odttoalod for tho Human Catholic Church, He is an oxoollont Latin soholur, aud speaks Italian /luoully, IIo. is fond of amatour thoutrleals, aud in his oavly days iu Victoria and Now South Wales frequently appeared on tho stage in ontortalnmouts of tho nutsioal variety, and oiioo played the big drum iu a el vie procession, Moat of his education ho received in lloine, PiiGStDiiN"!' Harrison Is said to be boating the racord as a nepotist. Every ono ol! his fovmor law partners, his brother, his brothov-in-law, and his son's fathor-in« law are only a few ot tho bonollolarles ol his patronago up to tho present date. 13 von General CI rant will havo to take u buuk seat, it is said, anil bets are being freely baokod turning on tho point whether tho supply of President Harrison's Ulood and mru'Wago relations or of available CIovortuuent borths Into wlileli they can bo pitchforked, will bo exhausted Urst, Mil. Barnoy Allen, who is "outtlng a clash" ri« a bookmaker on tho Australian turf, and Is htylocl by hla admirers " tho Golden King," Is trying to walk in the stops of JJonnon, ouly that tho Dnwimoml street pro* duet In far from being a " uugglna," On Monday last ho celebrated his reeent sueoossos of skillfully trans* fovvlng tho sparo sovereigns ot Toorak's glldud youth Itilihlsowii poekols by "u fashionable bull" to one huudrud oholoo spirits, who gloohilly hovorud round tho Hanovor Uooma until tho hour for ghosts to depart arrived, .-i -« Mil David Ghrlatlo Murray Is oxpooted to arrive In Molbournu on August 8, il'ho L'atnoua novelist's loo tufihg tour will bo managod by Mr, James MaeMahon, Mr, David Ghrlstlo 'Murmy was born nt West llrotn. svloh, S)tail'ordt»hlro,ou April 111, 1817, He began prow* life as a reporter on tho Birmingham Nam* uudoriMio editorship oi! his friend, Cleorgo Dawsm j wont to London In 1871.1, served on the .Dtil'y uVrtux, unci svas on tho stall' ol! the World lie acted as spoolal (iorrespoudent to tho % uiul the Wlmt« In tho UuMso-Turklsh vvur, On his return lib abundouod jouriiallwu for ilotlon, In 187l> lie published Ills llrsl, long svovlc ol! (lotion In 0/iamhnrn't< Journal-"A Life's Atonomcnt," fllnao than ho lias written miniorotiM works ol! Ilotlon, Jits latest novol Is "Aunt ituohnol," whloh uppuared In thu JUuffltah XUmtvuM J/oitat/u* In 188(1, 