OUR STORY. THE MISSING NOTES. ] Being an A t.most Incredible bctJTbue Story. i FHIL Harrison and I bad always been friends. From the time th&t; are could walk we had toddled aloijig to 3^5 gether, and when we began tojgo to school no threats or persuasions oin the master's part could separate us. shared every pleasure that could possibly We or a ever the our pro We never As brain be shared, whether it was a book, top, or a mince pie. ^Neither of us got into trouble without dragging other in too, and, as a consequence, punishments were as much commoq perty as our other helongiugs. And punishments were not rare, were veritably little scamps, and i happy unless we were doing wrong, far as mischief was concerned, Phil's was a more inventive one, though mine was little inferior. So we were the s ;ape graces of the village. Everythingjthat went wrong at any time, and anywhere, was laid at our doors. And often jjastly so, I must confess. " It's them two little beggars, Phil Harrison and Jack Rosby," said the public voice, when the established order of things had been interfered i pith. And Phil Harrison and Jack Roby it ge nerally was. ■ Occasionally, however, things were laid at our door of which we were innocunt • but that wasn't curious. What does teem to me very curious, as I look back nolr to our boyish escapades, was the waj in which we each identified ourselves ivith what the other did—taking our joint nun ishment for the sins of the one as na turally as though it were the inevitable consequence of our friendship. Thus, when in an idle and unlucky momet it I threw a marble through the stained-g lass 1 window of the church, we consulted to- ; gether, in corners of the play- ground, as to how we could elude detection, and when the unfortunate marble was traced to the village torments, Phil's caning—even more severe than my own—was borne without a thought as to the injustice of it And when he, seeking for sparro v's eggs in the vicarage ivy, fell crashing down into the fiower-beds with the ladder atop of him, half the weight, at least, j of the enormity was at once transferred to my conscience, and though I attempted1 to console both him and myself with the ire mack that " they would never guess that1 it was us," it was, in fact, my guilty loqks the next morning at school that directed ! attention to the right quarter and brought summary punishment upon both the inno cent and the guilty. j As we grew older, our chiralrous affec tion for each other was as great but less demonstrative, and from two recblijss scapegraces we had settled down into steady, reliable fellows. At least Jso thought Lawyer Montcalm, who had taken us both into his office at Cartaster when we left school, and who was now giving us good salaries and leaving much of thqtie spouible work of the office to us. | But when Phil was twenty-three audi I was twenty-two and a half a little event happened which shook his good opinion of us somewhat. It was this. The chiff had given me two twenty-pound notes one day, just as he was hurrying out of the ofe fice. "Here, Roby," said he, "just look Up that bill of Mr. Pearson's; he's written to say that he wants the money at once. You can post these to him, it'll save writitig out a cheque, and I am over-due at Pel ham's. I'v.e taken the numbers." [ I found the bill at once, and enclosed it to Mr. Pearson with the notes and our printed receipt form. Then I put the note on the ledge of my desk, uieauing fio take it to the post-office myself as I went home. When I was ready to go, how ever, it was nowhere to be seen, and ifi great concern I interrogated everyonb about it. No one recollected having seen it, not even Phil, and he had been to my desk for some sealing-wax and had stopped I there to seal his packet. He must have seen it had it been there, and yet he wak ■ sure that lie had not. What could have become of it ? "Are you quite sure, old fellow?" asked. Phil looked a little troubled. " Seen it ? no, not I 3" he replied. " It I has, perhaps, been posted with the'otheJ letters and will turn up by-ana-bye] Don t worry about it, Jack." I could not helping worrying, and wak so silent myself as we walked home to-i gether that evening that I did not notice! I until afterwards Jiow silent Phil was too. ] i " *ou sent on that amount to Mr. Pearson, Roby," niy chief asked the next! I morning, and I answered, " Fes,"' promptly, having by this time persuaded' myself that the letter had been posted! I with the others, especially as the clerk! I who put them into the bag said that he! was almost certain that he had seen one with Mr. Pearson's name upon it. J " That's all right then," said Mr. Mont calm, " I know that he wanted the money ■ epecially to-day." I M ®n's'le^ speaking in came air. Pearson. I " Look here, Montcalm," he said, but-1 j ion-holding the lawyer before he had timeij ( to escape, "I do wish you would let tuel j have that £40 to-day: I've got three or! four bills that I must settle while I'm iui town. I'll take it as a great favour! if you will." Mr. Montcalm looked at me in sur prise. . j " I don't understand," he said. " The' money went to you yesterday. You sent! it, Roby ?" j I said, "Yes, sir," again, feeling surej that the letter must have gone. But I directly I said it I caught Phil's eyes fixed j upon me with such a curious expression that I was on the point of blurting out! the whole story, when Mr. Pearson spoke ! again. r j • ^ fr°me before the post camel in,' he said. " How tiresome it is, to be' sure." ! He and Mr. Montcalm talked together! for some little time and then he went off. j " It'll have to do to-morrow," he said i as he left the office, " but I didn't want to I come to town again just yet." Nothiug more 'was said that day about the matter, but I could not get it off my mind, and Phil, too, seemed uneasy. The other fellows rallied us on our pre-occu pied air all day, else I shouldn't, per haps, have noticed Phil's manner, but it began to strike even me as curious at last, and the thought did occur to my mind that he might have taken the letter just for a joke. But it wasn't quite like one of his jokes, so I dismissed the idea almost in stantly. W e walked home arm in arm as usual, but tbe only words that passed be tween us were :— I wonder if Montcalm took the num ber of those notes." This form Phil. , Jes>" said L "He told me so himself. ^ Pliil seemed puzzled, but said no more till we got to the door of his rooms. Then he blurted out;— 'I Bay, Jack, old fellow and stopped, "What!" I asked. ! "Oh, nothing," be replied. "I only i wanted to say—I mean, good-night." The next day all was confusion at the office. Phil and 1 were a little late, and ! when we got there the chief and Mr. Pearson were-at a white heat.of excite ment. "Look here, Roby," said the chief, ' What did you do with that £40 ?" My rt sank. So it had not been posted, then. "I followed your instructions, sir," T replied. ■" Put it into ah envelope with j the bill and one of our receipt forms, and addressed it to Mr. Pearson." " And I suppose you'll swear that I got it," cried old Pearson, in a fnry. " Haven't'yoa got, it sir?" I asked. " Got it!" He cried; " how dare you ask me such questions? Of course I haven't got it What do you suppose I should be diddling up here for if X had ?" " Did you -post the letter yourself 1" aBked Mr. Montcalm, a little more tem perately. He was always a gentleman; and then came ont the whole story. Mr. Montcalm's face grew very long as he heard it. " You took the numbers ?" he asked. " No, sir," I replied; " you told me that you had taken them. " " Nonsense !'* he cried, testly. " I told you to take them. I remember distinctly doing-60." This I knew was a mistake, bat-1 did' not venture to contradict him. And then the whole office was called in and each of the clerks was interrogated. They were evidently innocent of any knowledge of 1 the matter, and the office boy who col lected the letters was certain that he - had . not seen this one, though the clerk to whom he gave the bag had Bome faint recollection of having noticed one ad-' dressed to Mr Pearson, but this was such slight evidence as to be worth hardly any thing. When Phil's turn came to be questioned, he went all colours, and. seemed so evi dently ill at ease and confused, that if the occasion had been less serious I should have laughed outright, for it recalled to my mind his tell- tale blushes when some boyish misdemeanour was being traced to our door in the old days at school. His answers, too, were so hesitating that Mr. Montcalm's suspicions were aroused. " Are you sure that you know nothing' of it?" he said again. Phil looked at me, apparently involun tarily and I felt myself colouring from sympathy. " Nothing sir," he replied. " Well, this shall be seen too,"said Mr. Montcalm. " I should be sorry to sus pect any one of you, but £40—it is serious loss and it must be somewhere. Come into my room, Pearson," he added, " and we'll talk the matter over." "One of those two young scapegraces has got it, I'll go bail," I just heard Mr. Pearson say as they left the room and he glanced at Phil and me. ' Nonsense, nonsense,' replied the chief ; ' they're both as honest as the day. It'll turn up. < But for all that he was a little uneasy about os, I think, and though nothing more was said that day, I felt that there was a general atmosphere of suspicion in the office. It was very unpleasant, and Phil's manner, too, was 60 very-queer that I hardly knew what to make of it. Once or twice he seemed to be on the point of telling me something, and then he would stop short suddenly and either make some common place remark or be si lent altogether. As the days went on and the notes were not found, he became still stranger, and at last the suspicion was forced upon me that at least he knew something of the matter. We had both been, a little hard up lately, and could it be that Phil had borrowed the notes ? And yet it seemed so unlike him that I dismissed the suspi cion indignantly at first, bnt it returned again and again, until at last I made up my mind to ask him straight out about it. Once or twice I did half begin, but it seemed such a dreadful insinuation to make that I always broke off before I had really put the question. One day, about a week after the disap pearance of the latter, it was rumoured the office that the detectives had a -clue. The report was a false one, I believe, but it frightened me, and I determined to ask Phil all about it that night. ' Come what may,' I said to myself, ' I'll share the dis grace at any rate—we'll pull together still.' To'tny surprise however, Phil be gan when we got to the door of his rooms—he lived alone, while I lived with my uncle. 'Jack,' he said, 'I want to speak to you. Will you come in for a second ?' I followed him without a word, and when we reached his room he shut the door, and then turning to me with the old half-sheepish look which his handsome face had always worn when he'wanted me to help him out of some scrape, he said :— 'Jack old fellow hadu't we better: bolt V My heart gave a jump. It was true, then. I couldn't answer a word, but just wrung his hand" in silence. And so it was settled. There was no need of an expla- ; tion between os. Why he had taken the notes—where they had gone to—was no thing to me compared with the fact that Phil was in trouble. And now the trouble bad become as mucli mine as his ; and, indeed, as I walked home a few minutes later, I had so completely identified my self with it that I was almost uneertain whether it was Phil or I or both of us that had taken the money. If anyone had accused nfe of the theft I could not have denied it. I went over to his rooms again after tea, and we arranged our plausvery hurriedly. We were to go to Liverpool the next day and sail for America as soon as possible, going steerage. I was so thankful that Phil agreed to that; I was afraid he might wish to go cabin; but he himself proposed to go as cheaply as possibly, looking at me somewhat anxiously to see , if I objected, while I would have worked my passage out cheerfully rather than he should have spent any of the £40 on luxu ries. When all details were settled and we were sitting dowD together by the fire in silence, Phil suddenly looked up. ' Don't you think we'd better just send a line to Montcalm," lie said ; he's been very good to us both.' ( ' With all my heart,' said I. We can post it before we sail.' So we concocted a letter together, say ing that we had taken the notes in a mo meut of temptation and were sailiuo- for America, where we hoped to begin afresh. We thanked him for all his kindness to us, and promised to send back the £40 the first money we earned. Then we both i signed it, and as I had written the letter, Phil addressed the envelope. We posted ! the missive, as agreed upon, from the landing stage j ust before we went on board, both feeling much happier when it was safely in the box. . i When we landed at'New York we be gan at once to look for something to do. But something to do is no easier to find in New York, apparently, than in Eng land. It is not: necessary to relate the : storyof the neat fortnight. We husbanded our money with the utmost care, but it grew less and less, and our hearts sank lower and lower as we made attempt after 1 attempt to get work here and there ; and | at last, just fifteen days after landing in the States, we found ourselves at Toronto with two dollars only in our pockets' and no prospect of obtaining more. ' Look here, Jack,' cried Phil, on the evening of that day, * I'm as hungry as a hunter and tired out. These two dollars : won't last us long; we Bhallbave to starve ; then. Let us go into the Queen's and have a right down good meal, and then, perhaps, something'll turn up.' It was reckless policy, but I' agreed. We went into the hotel and made a good square meal—the only really good one - that we had.since we left England. * There,' said Phil, as we finished, half ] jestingly, half seriously ; ' I'll leave the future to Providence.' Just as he said that two gentlemen came and seated themselves near onr table. Phil half rose to go, but I pulled him back. * Sit down,' I said; we needn't tramp it again yet. The strangers were talking as they' came up. ' Well, I guess that ain't the most curi ous thing that ever happened,' said the j elder of the two, a kindly-looking, grey haired man about sixty, though it was queer, too. But I'd a queerer thing' a day or two ago. My wife, you know, has a sister 'in onr native place, Gartaster'— Phil and I looked at one another—'and she sends her over piles of journals and newspapers every month. and amongst them the 'Gartaster Chronicle' Well, it came as usual last month, but the wife was away, so it laid aside till a day or two 'ago, when I took it up and opened it To my great surprise, as X cut the string there dropped out'of a fold of the paper a letter : addressed to Mr. Sam Pearson in B——3 Phil and I both started, and Phil went as white as a ghost. ' Rather a round about journey—via Toronto,' said his companion. ' What did you do with it; send it back 1' ' Well,' said the other, 11 am rather j ashamed to say I took a peep inside first to see the latest Gartaster uews, but I found nothing but a bill and a' receipt from and ' ' Two £20 notes,' cried Phil and I in a breath. The gentleman turned round and stared at our excited faces. * Well, I guess you ain't far wrong,* he said slowly, ' but may I ask what you know about it strangers.' ' Why,' began Phil and. I together, and then we stopped short aud turned on each other. * What did you let me think you'd taken them for Y I cried to Phil. ' I taken them 1' he ejaculated iu the utmost bewilderment; whatever put that idea into your head ? Why, I thought you'd got them.' ' What duffers we have been,31 said. Well, that's pretty nearly the end of it. We told the two gentlemen the whole story, and got finally laughed at, as may be supposed. But the Cartaster man was very good to us. He took us to his home that night, and his wife mothered us both, . and laughed and cried over us by turns. We stayed there two or three days until we'd got over our fatigue and the want of food, and then he paid our fare back to New York, going with us to the depot himself. As he shook hands with us iu the car for the last time, he handed Phil an envelope containing £40. ' There,'said he, "'that'll carry you over the fishing pond, and you can pay me back with the next two £20's that you run away with.' We were very sorry to say good-bye to'j him, but not at all sorry to say good- bye to America. ' What geese we were !' cried Phil and I at intervals, on the voyage home ; and we said so once again as we stood knock ing at the door of Mr. Montcalm's sanc tum the morning after our return. 'Come in' said the chief, and in we walked, looking as sheepish as it was pos sible for two fellows to look. As we en tered, the lawyer jumped up. ' Upon my word!' cried he. ' And pray what have you young men to say for yourselves ?' *1 looked at Phil. ' It was all' a mistake, sir,' said he, as red as a cock's comb. ' You see I thought that Jack had taken the money ' * And I thought Phil had,' I broke in. Mr. Montcalm, for the first time in my acquaintance with him, burst into a roar of laughter, which lasted till the tears streamed down his face. ' And I suppose it didn't occur to either of you,* he said at last, wiping his eyes, 4 that I would rather lose £40 twice over than my two best clerks.' 