GBNEEAL NEWS. To-day's Supplement : Chapters XV and XVI of ' Jesa,' 'The Parnell Commission,' ' Gambling by the Million,' Farm Notes for tbo Season, 'Pig Breeding,' pietry, and 17 or 18 columns of advertisements inako up the contents of to-day's supplement. Wabwick Racks. — Tuesday next, tho first day of the Warwick races, lias been pro claimed a public holiday at Warwick. Rail way excursion, fairs aro available for tho meeting. That Missionary Box. — With reference to tho famous burglary, wo are informed thut tho missionary box at Nowtown, recently broken open, had never been used in the ordinary way for collections. It contained only what the Sunday school superintendent had placed in it, viz. an odd three halfpence lie once chanced to have in bis pocket. Apart from this accidental circumstance, no money is loft in tho church. This explains ' who counted tho money ?' Ignorance of this hns led to many harmless facctions remarks and procured quite a notoriety for a simple accident. Feminise Language. — The cisc of abusive and insulting languago preferred by Anna Catherina Olsen against Marianna Burowski, initiated on Tnesday, was disposed of on AVedncsday. It appeared from tbo evidenco of complaiuant aud b-T daughter that Mrs. Burowski only used such words as 'thief' and ' rogue,' and accused Mrs. Olson of steal ing her (Mrs. Burowski's) stuff to make a jacket, thereby spoiling a dress. By way of reply complainant recommended the filthy woman to go homo aud wash herself. Case dismissed. Mb. Gboom's Addbess. — Tho address on titled 'An Kvening on North Queensland,' which was postponed on Tuesday last on account of the concert in aid of the School of Art: taking placo that evening, will be de livered on Monday evening next without fail. Great credit is dun to all concerned for giving way in this matter, and wo aro certain the public will respond all tho more willingly on that account. The address, wo scarcely need remind our readers, will l-o delivered in the Presbyterian Sunday schoolroom, and is in aid of that excellent school. A Cheeky TitAur-.— On Wednesday a Cingalese tramp, bight Tafadus, was charged before the Police Magistrate and Mr. E. B. Jeuno with' being illegally on premises. Silas Greenliill, a labourer residing in Stephen-street, deposed to accused invading his verandah onTucsdaycvcningabout 6 o'clock. The wayfarer wanted a bed and wouldn't tako no for an answer. Even after being fed ho insisted on dry blunkcts at least, and when tho door was shut in his faco threatened to break it in. Constable O'Loghlen was evontually Bent for, and that kind-hearted ollicor very soon accommodated tho poor fellow with a night's lodging. The bench gave him two moro. WesleyanCiiukoii. — Tho monthly meeting of tho officors and toachor of tho Wesleyun Sunday School was bold on Monday night last. In spito of the rain, there was a fair attendance. Manymattorsof importanco were discussed; the principal being tbo formation of a morning school. It was docided that tho morning school bo started on Sunday, 19th insfc., from i to 10 to i to 11 o'olock. Mr. 0. Rowbotham was appointed superintendent, and Mr. A. Qay don.Junr., secretary. Tho noxtmattorof impor tance- considered was the annual treat. It was decided to hold it on tho 21th May in tbo parsonngo ground and paddock adjoin ing. On account of tho unsettled state of the weather tho majority of tho toachors thought it advisable to hold tho treat at homo (not on tho rango as usual) und to let it tako the form of a social gathering. Arrangements will bo nindo for tho erection of swings, &c;, on tho ground, and tho large schoolroom will afford umplo room for nil kinds of indoor games, whilst cricket and football aud other outdoor games will lie iudulged in, in tho pad ducks. No effort will bo sparod to mako the divy a pleasant and attractive ouo both for young anil old. A letter of coiidolcuco was requested tq bo forwarded to thu widow of Ab,ruin ?l)i«oy, who i'ir many yoars was connected with tho school and was ouo of tbo most olliciout of its staff. This coucluded-' tho businoss of tho . evening and tho mooting closod with the beno djction. ' Tent Hilt. Estate.— Our advertising columns announco an iuipottant sa'o on tho 21st May by Messrs. Gregory and Scholofield at Gatton of splendid agricultural farms. The moderate sizo of tbn Tout Hill pslato farms and the excellent soil, grand land for potato Rrowins:, combined with easy terms of pur chase, ought to ensure a good competition from those who wish to secure a hnuestead, closo lo a railway station, nnd within easy necess of tho Brisbane market. Tho cstato has the advantage of a good supply of water. TBNEKns Accepted. — Tho following ten der* have been accepted : For furniture and fittings of the Toowoomba Lunatic Asylum : Civets, Messrs. Lindow and Co., £10; furniture nnd bedding, K'osenston eol and ICIeimcyor, £33!) lo.i. Cd. ; furniture, It Dacri'R, £90 10s; iron bedsteads, Lnpton and Sons, £312 ; furniture, bedding, &c;, It. Offer, £544 1 03. ; tools, ironmongery, &c;, Moodionnd Morton, £363 4s lOd ; tools, ironmongery, nnd clothing, H. Stevens, JES14 14s 5d ; furniture, T. J. Keogh, £109 8s — In response to ad vertisement, which appeared in our columns last week, Mr. H. W. K. Martin, architect, of Margaret-street, received oight tenders for tho erection of a brick office building in Russell street. The tenders run very evenly in price, that of John Ledbury, contractor, of the Newtown Estate, being the lowest, which has been accepted. An Artistic Turn-out. — Toowoomba con tains its fair share of artists, somo of moro than ordinary excellence, who will bo interested to learn that tboy can bo fitted out ns perfectly ns if they lived within roach of Thackeray's Messrs. Soap and Isaacs. One of tho largest and coinpletest of Winsor and Nowton's artists' bureaus has just been imported by Messrs. J. II. Robertson & Co. of Ruthvcu street The cabinet is itself a work of art worth seeing nnd its multitudinous drawers and recesses aro replete with everything a devotee of the silent art can dream of — colours of all description, waters and oils, liquid, dry and moist, singly or in boxes, bronzes, golds, and Bilvors — brushes of all sorts and pizes, sables, camels, nnd hours, round and flat — easels, palettes, strotched canvasses, card and academy hoards, drawing paper, crayons, stumps, and tho rest. The want of material will no longer deter anyone from becoming n painter. Rust Puoof Wheat. — The Hon. Patrick Perkins has determined to make neighbouring constituencies envious of his own IIu has obtained from tho Dookie Model r'ar-n, Victoria, four bags if Mexican rust proof wheat which now lie at tho Too woomba Brewery, where the wheat may bo seen by anyone, and obtained by any Ciun booya farmer, by making application, to the extent of half a bushel each, for seed. The, original seed was obtained in Mexico in 18S0 by the Hon. J. L. Dow, Victorian Minister of Agriculture, nnd has been grown very success fully at Dookio during tho two intervening years. The grnin is very small, and half n bushel to the aero is sufficient to sow any land in gond heart. The wheat matures early nnd yields well, but tho straw is heavy and tender, liablo to lodge and prove troublesome in har vesting1. P.P.'s constituents will, no doubt, appreciate the attention, for it is that of one who studies their best interests. TnK Weatiiee. — Afterfour days miserable moisture — for however much good it does tho country, everlasting mist nnd fog and drizzlo will affect tbo spirits — the surrounding country has been blessed with botween 2 and 3 inches of rain. As much falls in an hour sometimes, and tho differonno between it coming all at once and being spread over a considerable period is rando particularly apparent. Tho deluging down pour creates rapid iloods in tbo wator courses, leaving; tbo country almost as dry ns it was before, while the prolonged drizzlo nil finds its way into the soil, leaving tho wator boles ns ompty as ever. Tho Into rain hr-3 partaken raoro of the latter character. The soil is thoroughly saturated while tho watorholes would stand further replenishment. But even the farmers are satisfied and would welcome a dry day or two. This likely to bo uccorded, according to some, while others think rain certain njain beforo many hours. Yes terday it was fine at nine in the morning till wo went to prpss among tho small hours of the morning, but n mackerel sky adorned tho heavens during the night and the temperaturo wns not low enough for fine weather under such circumstances. The country of course looks beautiful, but if fine weather is to ensuo frosts are likely and they will play havoc, with tho tondor grass. The vernal character of last week or two may be gathered from tbo fact tint in several places the apple trees began to blossom. In Toowoomba the rain started in n steady determined manner on Monday evening, continued all night, the record at 9 o'clock next morning being 1.10. From this out it gradually dogeneratedintodrizzlc, so that during tho next 24 houri only 0 02 fell, the next 24 hours only 0'32, and the next 016. Toowoomba seems to have received about the average as subjoined records will show. Yesterday morning tho sun e.imo out at last nnd, after another drizzle or two, tho clouds broke again with tho proiniso of fino weather. Thefollowingpionts wore registered at the tele graphic office on tho 7th, 8 til, 9th, and 10th re spectively: Toowoomba 110, G2, 32, lUj Wallan garni, 24, 32, 11, 23 ; Cambooyn, 107, 52, G, 17; Pittsworth, 105, 53, 5, 13. On the 7th: Allora, 1G9 ; Yculba, 50 ; Dulacca, 7G ; Miles, Gl; Chinchilla, 05 ; Dalby, 71. Greonmount, Dalveen, Cabarlah, Crow's Nest and Clifton, whero there aro no gauges, seemed to have fared much like their neighbors. Total laiu fall for Toowoombn 2.20in. At Bishop's Barn. — Tho ratepayers of Gowric Division, having observed a mysterious advertisement calling n meeting at Bishop's barn on tbo Gowrio Rond for the purpose of considering tho working of tho Division, allured by tho very mystery of the thing rolled up in numbers at the timo appointed, Thursday, 8 p.m. The weather was drizzly and foggy, and tho countiy greasy and slushy to an unspeakable extent, but that mystical mandate dragged them through it all. ' Tho men camo and so did tho hour, but so did not the man ; and when tho hour had gone con siderably by thero aroso murmurs, and pre sently loud cries for the convener or conveners to proceed to business. Still no response. Each wondering ratepayer gazed at tho other, aud all at an ompty chair, which had been pro vided for tho occasion. It remtincd empty. By-aud-by somo practical Gowrie man got hold of a bullock bell and went round ringing for tho promoters of of tho mooting. The rest proceeded to discuss the hearings of tho caso, concluding generally tbat thoso who called tho meeting had too bad a caso to show up. As tiino went on nnd brought no convenor, ardent desires wore expressed that he or they might bo found, seeing that tho country was in such excellent condition to dispose thorn. Opinions favourable to tho manner in which the business of tho' Board had mcoutly been conducted wcro also oxprcssed. At closo on nino o'clock another call for tbo convener or convenors was inndo without oliciting anything in particular savo n fow prayers for their wolfiiro. Mr. Porritt, then, who with his fellow boardsinofl, Messrs. Fahoy nnd (Mulzo, had nttonded, proposed a voto of thanks to Mr. Bishop for having placed his barn at tho disposal of tho meeting, stating bis regret at so many ratepayers being called out, somo from considerable distances, on such a night, to uo purpose. The motion was seconded by Mr. McLuughlin, aud carried by acclamation. Ouo or two presont having suggosted that tho meeting coino upon tho convenors for their expenses, tho audience proceeded to depart, in disgust, when behold a wqnder ! Iti) merged inl(ishatn,iidwithhishoree between1 him aud the issuing crowd, another number ot the (Jqwrio Hoard was observed mounting his steed in hot lmstu, which having off ec ted, ho dashed off into tho darkness, holtcr-skolter, followed by tho hoots and groans of tho oxasporatod multitude Ghttino Wish.— Going to law, which has been becoming rarer and rarer in Toowoomba for tho last two or threo years, still grows beautifully less. Yesterday there was only one small debts caso — Queensland Woollen Manufacturing Company v J, P. Lupton, £4 18s 5d. Verdict for plaintiff for amount with 7s Gel costs, Marine Insubance. — It will ho seen from our advertising columns that Mr. R. Sinclair, auctioneer, has been appointed local agent for the Marino Branch of the United Insurance Company, in place of Air. R. Falkiner who has resigned the agency. Mr. Sinclair is now pre pared to undertake nil classes of ninrino insur anco on behalf of tho company. Folk: Lore. — Tho second lecture of the season in connection with the School of Arts will bo delivered on Tuesday ' evening nest by Mr.. S. \V. Brooks of Brisbane In folk-lore Mr. Brooks has chosen n theino of special interest to all classes, as it abounds with strange tales nnd deals with unfrequentod places. Quaint fancies and queer practices connected with babyhood, baptism, nnd confirmation, youth, courtship, innrringo, and death; days and seasons, portents and auguries, charms, spells, ghosts nnd fairies will bo among tho subject matters of this taking lecture. We aro requested to state tbat in f uturo all School of Arts ontortsinmonts will bo carried out on tho dato advertised, bo tho woathor what it may. To-day's Football. — Tho Toowoomba Rugby Football Club piny their first match of the ensuing season on tho local football grounds this afternoon ngpinst their old rivals, tho Grammar Sclisol. Both teams havo been practising very assiduously during the list few weeks, so an excellent contest ind good display of football should result. Tho follow ing players will represent tho Toowoomba Rugby F.C. :— G. Campbell (back), C. Moro ton, F. Boyce, H. A. Boys, (three-quarter backs); H. V. Carpendnlo, C. Parnacott, (half-backs) ; forwards, J. Bain, H. Hatton, J. E: Stnnp, J. Riordan, J. Murrnj, F. Hopgood, J. dimming, C. Campbell, C. Moran. Emergencies: J. FuUiuer, (i. Boyco, J. Camp- bell. Piny commences at 3.30 p.m. Sudden Death in Bed. — Senior constable Bell, of Pittworth, has reported to tho Com missioner for Police, Brisbane, that Mr. West, of St. Helens, informed him by letter on tho 2nd Mny, that a son of Mr. John M'Allister, died suddenly between the time of his gjing to bed on the night of the 1st instant, and tho morning of tho 2nd instant. The senior constable at once proceeded to Mr. M'Allister's, who reside* near St. Helens, and saw tho body of the deceased, lying in bis father's house, and elicited tlio following particulars from John M'Allister, the father ot dcceasoii. Ho states that his son went to bed about 9 o'clock on tho night of the 1st instant, in his usual health ; the next morning, about G*30, ho went into his room and found him dead, lying face down wards on tho bud. Tho deceased had suffered from epileptic fits over since his childhood, and ii is supposed he died in a fit during tho night. Mr. West, J.P., who examined tho body previous to tho senior constable, gave an order for tho burial, and nlso stuted that there was no necessity for holding an inquiry, as he was quite satisfied thero had been no foul play. Tho father of the deceased is a selector residing near St. Helens, together with his wife and family, aud is known to bo a most respectable man. Much sympathy is expressed at his sudden bereavement. — Wednesday's Te legraph. The Brave Days of Old.— Those whose chief difficulty with the aborigines is to pass them in the street without being blackmailed for the inevitable "hickpenny," can scarcely realise the time when white people went about here with their lives in their hands, when a military force of 24 men was kept to guard travellers and teamsters through the patch of scrub on the old road between here and Lime stone or Ipswich. Such was the case when Sir Arthur Hodgson was young, and when that worthy colonist took to himself a wife, he and his bride were escorted up the road by 14 squatters armed to the teeth. This was some 46 years ago. Many a battle between the early settlers and the niggers, whose strong hold lay in the dense scrub about Turner's Creek, marked the annuls of the days before Toowoomba was thought of. Many a bullet found its billet in a dusky denizen of that wild region, and not a few palefaces felt the spear and tomahawk of those same denizens. At Tent Hill two shepherds were killed in one day ; another day John Hills, a stockman of Sir Arthur's, came galloping home to Eton Vale— or rather came home on a bolting horse — with a spear spicking out of his back. He died although attended by the only doctor within hundreds of miles at that time — Dr. Rowland. Mr. Hodgson, being the only magistrate in the Moreton Bay district at that time, with the exception of Commandant Gorman, was allowed two troopers so that he was somewhat better protected than the other pioneers, although the honour entailed its responsibilities also. The old road up the range passed under a precipice, and on one occasion when a number of teams was being convoyed past there, the blacks, who had made their preparations, began rolling great rocks down upon the enemy. For a time it was very lively work, some bullocks being disabled and all thrown into confusion, but the guns of the military soon caused the niggers to scam per off among the rocks like wallabies. These were the good old times, before the black labour question arose to vex the souls of men, and when a black was not thought much about except as a target. Sisitious Accident.— A serious accident occurred on tho Racecourse line on Sunday night. It appears (says tho Courier of Thursday) that a Mrs. Ross, who was a passenger by the train, alighted nt the Clny lit'ld station through a mistako inado by an Albion porter, instead of at Nundnh, where sho resided. On informing tho porter at Clayfield of tho mistake, sho was advised to hurry down tho lino to the Junction, where sho would bo in timo to meet the Nundah train It was about 9.30 p.m. and tho night was very dark, but sho hurried along tho line with liar baby in her anus, nnd beforo sho had gono vory far stumbled over tho bridge on to tho road below, a distance of about 7ft. Wonder ful to say, tho baby wns unhurt, but tho mother was not so fortunate, being very much bruised. Somo persons residing in the neighbourhood who yore attracted to the spot, picked Mrs. Ross and her baby up und conveyed them to her home, whero sho lies in a very prcc irious condition. A New Preservative. — The London correspondent of tho S. M. Herald, writing on 25th March, says : — A revolution of tho fresh food carrying trade of tho world is likely to aviso if tho Food Preservation Company carry out thoir promise At a meeting nt tho Hotel Continental on Tuesday last, a ddjeuner was served, the menu consisting ontiroly of dishes preserved by tho American process purohasod by the company, which on tiroly arrests tho process of decay. Tho fresh food is treated in a closed chamber by tho burning of a powder composed of a largo number of ingredients. Tho salmon sertrad had bcon kept thrco weeks, and showed no difference from n fresh-caught fish. Mr. Herman Hodge, M.P., stated, that ho shot a brace of pheasants on tho 28th December last, and had thorn treated with tho now pto cB3s; ono he had. partaken of three days previously, and tho other was handed round the room, remaining in, a fros.li slato after the lapse, of soino tl\rpo mouths, Fruit nnd vegetables can bo treatod with equal success. A carcaso of hoof could bo presorvod at n cost of about Is to Is Gel, nnd would thon ranain sound for n sufficient tiino to bring it from tho farthest port in tho world with nit tbo aid of rofrigcratora. Sir Charles Clifford and others testifiod to tho morits of tb,o process, 