ROY'S REPENTANCE, By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Jacobi's Wife," "Under False Pretences," "No Saint," kc., k. CHAPTER IV-(Coswrrzo). "Oh, yea, I had forgotten," she said, scornfully. "Pm out of hie power, at any rate: what do I care for him I I'd like to have a good dance now, to show him that I am glad. Come, if I mayn'tgo up stairs, let's have a waltz, Roy; I can waltz beautifully." "You can do everything beautifully, my darling," said Roy, who wus more startled by this exhibition of callousness than he cared to acknowledge-to Sir Kenrick, at any rate-" and therefore you will do what becomes a good, true, beautiful woman, who must feel sorry for the sufferings of another---" Again she burt out into that dry, dis cordant lauh. " You solemn creature!" she exelaimed. "Areyou going to preach to me alreadyl" And then she began to pirouette lightly round the room: a bewitching vision of youth, and health, and beauty, which Roy could not fail to admire. The sonn was pouring a flod of light through the western window, tinting all that it touched with gold: Rosen in her white frock, with the fire of the dinmonds on her back and arms, was at that moment dazlingly beautiful. Roy forgot to reprove her heedlessness-might it not rather be called her heartleuaneas!-in the intoxication of her beauty. She was only a child, he said to himself, excuinoly ; she wan over excited ; she would learn in time. If the manner of the wedding was odd, the way in which the honeymoon began was odder. lusband and wife were summoned before long to the bedside of the dying man upstairs. They watched beside him for some time, and then Roy watched alone. But Sir Carew did not die at break of day a the doctor predicted. He lingered on, in an insensible condition, for two days longer. Joscelyn and Rosa mond were with him when he died. He had lain insensible so long that they did not expect any signs of consciousness as the death-hour drew near. But just at the loast he opened his eyes and fixed them upon Rose as though he knew her. She shrank back, and would hare slipped out of the room had Roy not detained her with a caressing clasp and word. She was wearing her favourite colour-pink -and the diamonds still glittered round her neck. She had refused to lay them aside, insisting that they were too beauti ful to be shut up in morocco cases, and Roy had humoured her as he would have humoured a pretty, wilful child. It was the gleam of the stones that seemed to have caught Sir Carew's dimmed eye. Be raised his hand and pointed to her with his long, yellow, trembling finger. "Tell," he said in hoarse, almost in distinguishable accents. "Tell him- all." And then his hand dropped; a film came over his eyes-there was a rattling sound in his throat, a slight convulsion of his limb,, and then his jaw fell- it was all over: he was dead. Rose had to be carried out of the room : she had fainted, and when she came to herself she passed into strong hysterics. Roy tended her Carefully, affectionately, feeling himself strangely help!ess before c this exhibition of feminine feelina; and when she was calmer, and seemed di-. c p~,ed to sleep, he went out of doors in order to get a little fresh air and chane of seune after the strain of the last few t days. He had one or two subjects of n reection which he was glad to ponder on in silence for a little time. Now that no t duty bound his wife to the old-farm house, t he most decide upon the course that they were to take. He could not stay longer t in that lonely village: he had not money a enrugh to live without working, and he I revolved in his mind various methods of a earning a livlihood. He was very hope. - ful of success in the world: it did not a seem possible to him that he should ever c fail in what he undertook. He meant to po to London, and fiSht his way to literary I distinction. With Rose by his side, he h srid to himself that he could not but sne- 1 ceed! He had announced his marria.e to Sir Kenriek, and had received ir. reply a stern command never to shoe his face at Rother wood aoain, nor to expect help or favour p of any kind. Sir Kenrico had done with n him for ever. For thel sa of fortune Roy cared not at all, but he was sorry to hare 1 quarrelled with his uncle, who had c hitherto been always kind to him. Rose, however, was his wife; and that made up b for everything else. Now tht tht the watch. a ing and the waiting by SIr Carew's sick. e bed were over, he could take her away a and make her completely his own. He loit himself in dreams about the future, and wandered so far over the hills that when he reached the farm-house again, twilight had begun to fall. He went up h to RF.le'a room and found her lying on the bed, calm enough now but very pale. c "Are you better, Rose, my darling I" I he asked her. "Oh, yes. I'm all right It was the abhock of seeing-seeing tfat old man- E die." It "It was a shock, no doubt. Poor d child !" said Roy, laying his hand sooth ingly on here. To his surprise shea drew i it away. "Don't tonch ne,"shesaid, petulantly. "Let me albne." d Hae looked athe for a momentin amaze, then seated himself at a little distance from her. It must be. he thouuht, the shock, the grief, of losing her adopted father that made her speak so angrily. h He was hurt by her tone but not dis pleased. "Shall I take off your necklacel" he I s said, seeing the glitter of the stones on her neck. "It must be uncomfortable "Can't you let me alonel" she said t again. "If I chose to keep them on, it is a nothing to you." "Rose ! everything that you do is im- n portant to me." " Is itl I'm sorry forit" She laughed insolently as she spoke. "You'll soon find out your mistake." " What do you mean "' h "Why don't you ask what old Carew t meant when he said 'tell him l' He a meant you: I was to tell you something, you kanow. What do you suppose it was 1" P "If there is anything you ought to tell h me," said Roy, with a terrible sinking at a heart, " for heaven's sake, Rose, tell me now, without further delay. Icanbear h anything, if only-if only-you love me." He canme a step nearer and laid his hand K upon her arm. a "Say you love me, Rose. Your lore is h all that I want." She broke forth again into the wild b laughter that Roy disliked. "Why should I say what is not truer' she said. "He is not here now, to threaten me and n torture me You don't know what he a was-a gambler, a chief, a wretch-you a don't know how he used to treat me! He y forced me to say that I would marryyou; f but I thouxht--Ithought-he would have y died first! I never loved you-never. I K hate you now. I wish I mnight never see m your face again." "You do nat know nhatyou are saying, said Roy, with extreme alitation. "Rose, think again-spare me'--" " Why should I spare youl" she cried, springing up and facing him, with a fierce light in hier eyes and a hot, red spot of E colour in her cheeks. " Wt I ever spnared 1 I have had a miserablelife-nnt that I care-hut I will pretend and lie and fawn nn Iltoger now that the old man m is dead. I hated himnt, and hehatedmine. b He wanted to make me miserable for ever; it and nso he frced eme tt marry you." G "How could he forice you to do what you did notwishl" : i " "Oi, he had ways and means. 1 never thought that he was going to die, I thought that he was just making.believi 4s to work uponiyour fueelings. I expecled co to see him get up and go about again in a c day or two. -If Ihad known--oh if I had n but known!" ' Al "You would not have married minel" b said Roy, in a very quiet voice. He felt as if frozen-turned into atone by this I revelation. 94 i g', ' "I woold have killed you fin" cried A she, u if goaded into frtnzy.by'e tluqes tion. She looked wonderfully hindome I a she stood before him iith her hair loose, floating over her maginflent shol. dert, her eyes aflme with her indignation and her disdain. Unwomanly she might ( Sbe, bat in her passionate recoil from the Sman that she did not lore she wa also ( Shalf superb. But reaction followed close opon excite m ment. She suddenly burt into tears, and sank down upon a low conch, cover- I ing her face with her hands, and weeping a like a child. Roy fancied that this show a of emotion meant remorse, perhaps re r pentance'and returning tenderness. His i love had been terribly wounded, but it ,was still alive and strong. He bent over r her, calling her by fond names, promiing c to make her happy-promising to make her love him before long, rowing all the thousand and one things that he Sthought might perhaps avail to stop her tears and soothe her grief. Bat he felt a ll the time like one who has received a f stnning blow. The future was dark be r fore him, the world was back; all he could I think of was how to console the beautiful, s sobbing creature that he had unwittingly I entrapped against its will. .. ( His efforts at lst seemed to be crowned I with some succes. She became silent ( F and calm; she allowed him to hold her r hand and to kiss her still averted cheek. I He was cheered by the sight of her pasl I irveneu, for he was young and hopeful, eand did not know that in a woman tem pest is less to be dreaded than aullen calm. He left her alone, at last, as she expressed a wish to sleep, and he, after a melan- r Scholy stroll in the garden, Bung himelf t e down on the horsehair sofa in the parlour, Sand there fell at lst ilo the sleep dlmber a 1 of an utterly exhausted man. SThe sn was high in the hbeaens when t he awoke to ind his landlady regarding t Shim with perplexity and amaze. "Oh, 31r Jccelyn, sir, and what mek ye here T' she said. "I thought ye were out wi' your wife. r "I he out " aid Roy, starting.op. S"Ees, indeed she be. An' her bed not t bin slept in neither. She da take theold i I gentleman's death to heart, she da." a "I'll go and meet her. She's gone for Sa walk," said Joacelyn, hurriedly. "Get r breakfast ready, Mrs Powell: we'll soon t soon be back." And away he went into Sthe sunny morning air, with a cold weight I at his heart, of fear that he could i srcrcely understand. The fear gathered form and lubstance fast enough. For, I though he waited, and watched, and searched for her-patiently, at first, and then with a fury of distressful pain -Rosmond never cme back. What be came of her nobody seemed to know. The was a great hunt for her on the hills -where they thought she might have lost her way-and among the low rocks 1 and ooze of the sea- beach, where many a man and woman had been betrayed to 1 death by uncertain footholds and treicher ous sands-but they found i0o trace of her. o She had left Roy Joscelyn for ever. One cannot help pitying the poor lad at this portion of his career. He had a given up everything for love-friends, t4 home, portion-and love had failed him, publicly and ignominiously. The strange D disappearance of a beautiful eirl could not easily be bushed up, and before many days had elapsedthe reent was commented upon in all the newspapers. By the time - that it was made public, however, there had been ample opportunities for PRo.1 mond to leave the country, if she were so inclined. For, after the conversation that he Ihd with her, Roy did not believe that she was dead. He haunted the place like a ghost, in the rsin hope that she might return, for B some little time after Mr Carew's funeral. He avoided all his friends; would not speak to the clergyman in the village streets; refused to notice the boys, Neil and Godfrey, to whom he had once been carelesly kind. Neil used to watch him curiously, but kept out of his way. God frey, on the contrary, hung about at his heels like a dog, once attempted asme blunt word if sympathy but Roy simply Inoked at him blankly, as though he did not unlerstind, and went on in his way B before the boy had finished his blunder. ing, ill constructel sentence. No wonder people asid that he was going out of his mind. It was such a sndden downfall! He had been so biyant, so bright, an inloxi cated with Irre's young dream; and now E he had found, all at once, that love could betray, that women were sometimes false, and that treachery might meet him on every hind. It was a terrible ordeal for a man: he did not come out of it un scathed. F Old Sir Kenrick relented when he heard of Roy's trouble, and wrote him a friendly letter, bidding him come back and take his old place at home. But Roy took no noticenf this communication. He did not cnre what people saidr thoughtof him: he was' only'qith et ertasni'lhat ie would never again look into the, face of those hlom he had once accounted his friends. He would go to a new country and win i hii way there either to fortune or to death. Within two morith after 'his ill-starred AS marriage, therefore, he started for the Antipodes, with the remainder of his A inall fortune in his pocket; and a full g determia;lion never to set foot in the Old World igain, With his wanderings u in diflereti lIands wehare aiothing to do. He gained money and he lost moneyr he A had many adventures of different kinds'; he went to New Zealand, and Australia, and America, but he did not stay lone in any place.: On 'the' whole he Bao an un- o succesaful man. It wa when he warsin America that the _ news of his wife's death came to him. He had letters from a .solicitor'ibout it, the cerltifcate'of'her death and burial, and a few trifling relicd of herpoissesans. Andlthi hii firtifeltc&nacios; 'that a nes' lifoencight 'yet begie for himi; 'nd that the couraae and energy which he had S. so miserably wated in his youth, were yet existent and might be turned to good I account. What should he do? Should he go back to England, and tryto retrieve thle pert I Bat he was a poor man still, antd he had been nine yean abroad. What 1 cereer' wsi'opn i to hifi'n Englahl'tl H While he was hesitating, a letter was put into his Ianda. He tore it open hastily, for, although the handwriting was strange to him, the postmark was that of 01 Rotherston, the town near Sir Kenrick's house. And this was what he read: "Sir,-I write at the request of Sir Kenrick Joscelyn (whore hands are dis abled through illness) to beg you to pay him a risit. He is old and feeble, and wishes, he says, to see you once more Tr before he dies.-Youra faithfully, ' - "His iecerelary; I suppose. "Poor old man," said Roy to himself. "Ah, here's a postscript-can :Laurence Erle be a womanl'-' If thi appeal does not totich you, let me add that I am sure you would feel it your duty: to return at once, 'did you know all the circumstances 'of Sir - Kenrick's. present life;' What does that mean, I wonder 1 Have the Desmonds' got hold of him ?I: I'll start to.'nirrow." +: (To be contitietd). : . ' 