WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS. ON0 Sunday last the annual services in connec tion with the Goulburn branch of the Wesleyan Foreign Missionary Society were held. The Rev. David Tonga, a native preacher from Tonga and an exile through the recent proseen tione, preached in the Goldsmith-street Church to a large congregation. In the afternoon he and his wife, Rachell, addressed the pupils of tho Sunday-school. Tho Roev. A. J. Webb preached in the Goldsmith-street Church in the evening to a large congregation, and the Rev. David Tonga preached in the North Goulburn Church. Tho annual meeting was held in the Lecture hall last evening, when there wan a crowded attendance. The proceedings were opened de votionally. Mr. Colburt occupioed the chair, and delivered an opening address. He urged upon them the necoesity of supporting their perse cuted brothers and jisters in Tonga, and said that at their miesionary meeting a few months ago they had raised £800. So long as they.were willing to help themselves it was the duty of the Wesleyans in this colony to assist them. Goul burn had a good name in the past for its liberality to the mission cause, but of late years he was afraid they had gone back. He hoped the interest was about to revive again, as it was a long time .eince he had seen such a largo The Rev. A. J. Webb rend extraots from the annual report. Appended are a few excerpts: Tile following is an abstract of the balancesheet for the year ending December 31Slt, 188 :--Tile receipte were--?Aeniersry scrvices and subscriptions received at the mission offle, 152 Os 7d; Nlew South Wales auxiliaery, £2133 s lild ; Queensland, £173 10o 7d; Victoria, £2014 18i 7d; special, 106 9C 3d ; Tas;nntia, £300 o 8d ; South Australia, £760 2s 10d ; Western Australi, £4 .s; New Zealand, ±307 3s ; Samo, ±202 8s Cd; Fiji, 32881 os Gd; Fiji, lands account, 0181 4s 3d ; New Britain, '73 153.t4 ; interest and oelangeo accosunt, ±105 s. The total amottunt of these receipts is 391-L 12s ,d. 'he expenditure for the year was IO0,801 16s 8d. Thie deficiency of £857 4s 4d. was met by a grant from special lelp fund. The income of the society was £1607 15s 0d less tl?n tlht of the iprceediag year, whlilst the expoendturo fortunstely showed a decrease of a nearly similar amount, viz.. £1i01 4s. Tho reports from Samoae tell egain of war asd bloodshed in that long.distraested group, and the nowo received sinc tlhe district oooting informs us that tlhese troutbles oavo coulminated in a collision between tit party tunder Otataafa Maliotoe and tlheO Gerloans, in wlich there hos been great loss of lifo on either side.. A perusal of tlse inotereotinog reports wili otoo thaot there is a bright side to tho picture. Tileo people have given to the utmostof their ability, and the district troioing institution report is of a most encouroging chbarcter, and tells of good work done for God in Slonoa. Tho genoeral seoroetry was ocled to poy a short visit to tle district on his return from Tonga, and bears willing testimony to the devotion of our missionoaries, th lovo of oor peoplo, and to tho ellisoioty of tho work in the group. Tho reports from Fiji nare deoply interesting, and ore wellc worthy of careful consideration by aLL wbo are interested in thle progress of the wolk of God in that large group. It is extremely difficult to give an abstracot of thie work done in thie short.spaeo allowed for thoreport. The emobrrassmont of riehes practically prevents this frot being efficiently done, but in sitplo hope tat these t ircuit reports will be carefully read andb studied. They tell of increase in every department of tle work, of a deepening of tlo spiritual life in the learts of oor mebers, and of an eoor-growtng attachment of the poolpi to the thurnl whicoh under God tos done so ouckh for tie temporial aend pirital welfare of the Fijian people. ise Oi ntivemiir (ar aijiani) is condlucting 0t wort placed onder 1is care hitl unusual Oibilit, and is hcld dill iigh. estee r cief and oopld. lie ro orts al insrealse of memborters, a crotribotio of fS to thoe fhu lds of tle soietry and the reception of osrral conortfi from ioatnl Ctiolicisolm dlriongthe yoar. 'hte atlotiestido this e re odistrict ohowo that froo a gross n me tor i tt,5t5 attoteundats o i blic wo orelip tlore are 0mor thon ar. s foll ndelbors, anrd 5000 local preadcers nlid lnsstetert. pes o free from tihe opideios whicth were so diostroos last yoarbt ill Some lace the efeits as sohown in delrorasod ond disorgssise codngregations and schools wore still painfly ilt. Stoady progross, orroer, tis beiog ade ini all dopartnlenta of our work. DIr. oonoy writitg from Doio ofYork crntcoit, where our misoion weos trst eoonneced, rrports 331fiull members, lo oil trial. 1i0oatechmtns, wtitih 100 attendants at poblic worship, a suobstutial iuoreaso ill evory sootion; ood Dir. ifieadird and DIr. Oldhom from tho main Island also riport good progress, and write thoh tho outlook for thio yer is flloii hope. Other fields present themselves, which tite boord would glaionBdly enter upon at oc wore tho monosfor doing so placed at their diiposal. Tho foponbluro for 1887 shoorod a dectreaso of . i..ios on that of toe previous yro, bout Unfortunatoly tioe contribtions also shoored a terease of a siniiar amountt. W olt is Coeded to-day is not opportunities, nor yet mot, bt tile ooeans reqoisito to noako uoe of both. Tho ofilds arc whito unto tie anrvst, ad itoe Istouoro are roady oad willing to enter, but ttie eiient to.operation of th cr is tr withllar 1td. Mr. J. M. Womboy (hbo. see.) read lth balunie-seeot, whioih, ondensed, was 0s fol lo w :- oulburnn- W i a d bbGbth ollections ,b a 10. 2 0 Public meeting ..... .... • 10 6 utoomelltf Missionsary bos ..... .. 4 3 2 . Thorford Colletions .,... 1...... 3 4 irs. Brown, Ltake Bthurst.,,. 1 0 0 Collected by rs. Long ...... 3 2 0 , Mis Pain and Mrs. 8 li lirsHuggart...... 1 8 3 ,, Mitt Olivrer.... 411 0 Juvenile Miesionory Society (in. elusive of £17 7s 7d oolleoted by Fsnny Alice Willitsm and £23 Os2d tollected by Walter Thorman), £7l 12s id; less books for prizes, £3 lilse d, £68 is; less one half, £34 Os ld....'.................. Od 0 6 List .... i.sfs.. 4 0 0i £67 8 7t' Mr.. Womboy said that the ladies had collected double the sums stated. The. total amount wds a little better than the previous year, but not Be much as the year before. In 1886 £100 was collected, so that the amount last year was £33 leess. He hoped that the amount would this year be brought up to £100. If his business was going back lie should want to know why, and they should want to know why the missionary collea. tions were going back. He hoped those who were giving would double their contributions. He had enjoyed this anniversary hotter than any since he had been in Goulburn. They had in the Rev. David Tonga and his wife trophies of the power of God to save souls. He would read a short extract showing the progress made in missions during one hundred years. - "One hundred years ago the world was rated at 731,000,000, of whom 174,000,000 were Christians; now the popu lation has .doubled and the Christiane trebled. One hundred years ago the Church was asleep on mission work, and the govern monts and nations opposed missions; now, with little exception; all welcome them. Ono hundred years ago English-speaking people had not one mission society; now they have 150 reported. One hundred years ago educated men could not he induced to become missionaries,.the work was too forbidding; now we have 7,000 missionaries, nearly one-third of whom are women, also 05,000 native agents, 3,000 of whom are or dained ministers. One hundred years ago there were not 300 Christaiu converts among the heathen; now there are 3.000,000. Ozio hun dred years ago it was thought vain to hope for conversion from Mohammodanism; now, in many parts, as Labhore, India, most of the leading Christian pastors are converted Moham medans. Withinthepasttwo years more than 2,000 young men have gone from the United States and Canada, and are labouring with success. The Moraviaan of Germany have done good work, but to the Anglo-Saxon race, both sides of the Atlantic, are committed the oracles of God." This change had been brought about by the power of the Holy Ghost working on men's hearts. Let the gentlemen called free thinkers-he called them freethought grass. hoppers-go and do the same thing in 100 yours; but there was no self denial about them. He again appealed to the audience to raise £100 this year. The collections yesterday amounted to nearly £12 and were not so good as hbe had expected; but lie hoped toceo the amount brought up by the meeting to £20. The Rev. David Tonga, who was received with great applause, said he felt nervous because he could not speak their languago well. lie would not mind if lie had to speak in his own language. When he saw them thatnight he was rominded of a little bird i Tonuga. Whenever this bird was seen in flocks it was a sure sign that rain would comep; and when he saw all the people at this meeting he did hope there would be a good collection. (Laughter and applause.) (The speaker thoue wont cu to recount the interesting native legends relating to the discovery of the world, the sky, and the creation of mankind.) Tile people had believed thero stories; but when the gospel came and onlightened them they knew they were not true. When they had been frightened at anything they worshipped it as a god; but their religion never made them happy. Then the missionaries came. The Wesloyans came first and brought the gospel. They forsook their gods and all the people became Christians. In a little while the Roman Catholics oiame; but very few people joined that church. Tilhe people loved the Wesleyan because it was the first church which brought the gospel and all good things to Tonga. Tihe missionaries taught themn overy thing-to read and to write. He was born in heathonism; his parents were heathense. It was very hard for him to learn to write, as at that time he could not got anyone to teach him. (The speaker then gave an amusing aceount of his courtship of his wife, and described how he had used her fist letter as acopy.) The mistionari s translated Iho Bible and some other books. Mr. Moulton started a college, and ha helped him. Mr. Moulton translted JlMsop's fables, the hilgrim's Progress, and Milton, and taught them to sing. Mr. Moulton did very well in Tongs. Ho taught them the way of everything. That was why Mr. Baker hated Mr. IMoulton. He saw tllhath had done so well and he tried td send him away, which was very bad. Mr. Baker said that Me. Moulton taught the people to know too much. The king and the chiefs would like them to be slaives. Mr. Baker had the power of the king. HIe came as a missionary, but left the work and became Premier. The king let him do as he liked. In Tonga the people were not really free, but in the old times were slaves to their chiefs. Mr. Baker started a new church, which the king joined. Mr. Baker said that the conference took away money from Tonga, and that he had started a church to keep the money there. It was not true that the Wesleyans took away money, because the money raised inTonga at missionary meetings was divided there. When Mr. Watkin joined the new church the people were like sheep without a shepherd, because they trusted in the mi'sionories. Then the king convened a meeting, and asked ii any one loved him to join the new church. The people had .no time to think. Ho (tlio speaker) said Ask tlihe people, and let them worship whkre they liked. He said-"If you kill ma and all the Wesloyans the Wesloyana will start again." They persecuted the people. Theking wanted him to join the new church ; he held a big meeting and asked him, and said that his family had always gone with tho king. Ho asked God to help him to do the right, and he refused to join the new church. Then tho kiug asked his uncle to ask him, and ifter that he sent another chief, who said that the king would mako him (the speaker) chairman of the church, give him a good salary, and keep him well. He said that if the king asked him to do some thing else he would do it at once; but when he asked him for his religion he would not, because it belonged to him and his God. He said that he would stick fast to the old church. The people said he was foolish to refuse the king, because he would have him hung or shot or sent away. Ho said-" I am ready; if the king wants me to go before him to shoot me or bang me I am ready; don't think I will go away." At that tiwo the people expected every moment that their lives woald ecd; thely were told that to-morrow they would be hung or shot. Their houses were entered and their things taken away, and after that they were put in prison and sent to Fiji. He and his wife had come from Fiji. He always felt sorry for the exilea in Fiji, because families had been separated. He described the difficulties the exiles labored under in their banishment, but said that noverthelessa they were happy for .the sake of their church and their Lord. '?hore were three things in their heart to which they stood fast; the first was their religion, the second the right, and the third freedom. Their church in Tonga lhad started again. He stood before them to show how useful was the mis sionaries' work and how powerful tile gospel to bring people from heathenism to God. He stood before them to say he was the fruit of the gospel. (Great applause.) Mrs. Tonga then gave an account of the per secutions to which the people who had refused to join the Free Church had been subjected. In simple yet eloquent language sel told how they had been taken out of their houses, beaten, and stoned, and otherwise illtreated, put it prison, where they would have starved but for the kindness of the traders, and then taken to Fiji. She herself had been amongst those ill treated and imprisoned, and her husband had also been imprisoned and deported to Fiji. One of those who had remained true to the Wees leyaes was the king's daughter, who was also imprisoned. She gave one case in particular of an unfortunate woman whose arm and leg were broken and who was beaten several times till she fainted. An attempt was also made to drown hebor. This poor creature was afterwards imprisoned and sent to Fiji. She was almost covered with sores and suffered for a long time. Mrs. TPgnFa concluded a very effective speech by anyieg that the people were glad to be able to bear a little thing like that for the sake of their Lord and the sake of their Church. She concluded amidst great applause. A collection was then taken up, after which the Rev. David Tonga and his wife sang in their native tongue, the former playing the accom paniment on the organ. It was very pleasing. Inreply to an encore they sang unaccompanied, and the audience still requiring more they gave "Home, Sweet Home" in Tongueso. The Rev. A. J. Webb was called on for a vgoh He said. .,mnt nicesry f?,r him to and his wife) were hit arguments-he could not produce anything stronger. It was not necessary for him to describe missionary work. SirChris topher Wren's only monument was the grand eathedral of St. Paul's-cirielu spice, look around; and so he said that evening cscumu spice, look themselves and see what missionary work had done. Born a heathen; to-day a Christian Minister, as much a minister in the sight of God as he was, or in the sight of the Conference, or in the sight of the Church. Tutor of a college, and when a boy he had told them he could not write his love-lotter. And yet through hsis own earnest efforts and by the help of loving missiona ries such as that grand Moulton he was able to coach his college class through the mysteries of algebra and many of the problems of euclid. He had taught them to read in their own tongue the grand old book of that splendid English writer, Milton, and he was able to give such a sermon as that they heard on Sunday morning. He was proud that night of the fact that he was a missionary. The Rev. David Tonga had told them that he was bribed by the offer of a chair mauship of a district. He himself had just been elected to that honourable position, though not as a bribe, because it was an honour to be chairman of the historic Goulbura circuit; but he was prouder of the fact that for eighteen years God had honoured him by enabling him to live a missionary life in Fiji. His wife and he heold that as the prize of their lives ; and as he eat there and listened to the Rev. David Tonga and his wife he looked at their faces and saw how they too appreciated them, but they could not appreciate them as he did, because there were simple touches that only a missionary could understand. He was proud to see such a meeting, and glad to see such trophies there that night. Mr. Wombey announced that the collection had brought up the proceeds to £20 lls Gd. Mr. Waterhouse moved that the following be the committee for the ensuing year-Messrs. Hodges, Graham,Huggert,J.Lansdown,Colburt, Dalton, J. Oliver, Sibeen, Bray, W. Oliver, F. Everett, Melrose, O. Furner, W. Lanusdown, Long, Howard, Kennedy, and the mover; heon. sec., Mr. J. W. Wombey; treasurer, Mr. J. Bond. This was seconded by Mr. Woodland and carried. Mr. Sibson moved a vote of thanks to the lady collectors, to the juvenile missionary collectors, to the choir for their kind and able services, and to Mr. Beale for the loan of the piano. Mr. Robards seconded the vote, which was carried by acclamation. Mr. Howard moved a voeto of thanks to the deputation, which was seconded by Mr. Allard and carried by acclamation most heartily. The Roev. David Tonga returned thanks and mentioned that he had photos of himself and wife to dispose of in order to raise funds to defray a debt which he had incurred for food for the people while they were in prison. The amount was £10, and he had obtained about half of it. Mr. Vomboy moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman, and after Mr. Colburthad replied the proceedings closed with the doxology and benediction. As the audience were passing out the Rev. Mr. Tonga and his wife gave some more music. During the evening the choir gave two anthems--'O Taste nud See" and " OPraise the Lord, all ye Heathen." Mr. Pickeregill (organist of the church) presided at the piano and Mr. C. W. Furneor at the organ. Several hymns were also sung by the choir and congregation. 