novelist. GWENDOLINE CRAY. A Tale of the Footlights- CHAPTER V.—(Continued.) One thing had hurt him sorely. He bad received the small, timid note from Gwendoline according to her promise, and he had answered it by a passionate epistle, in which he implored her to write to him often, and above all to reconsider her determination to enforce the three years' separation. To this he had received no answer; and, though he had written over and over again to addresses which he had hoped and believed would find her, sometimes reproachfully, at otbeis pleading passionately fot just one letter, he bad never received a single line from her. Certainly be could have discovered ber, have seen her if he had liked, but he had promised to keep away, from her for three years, and be felt bound in honor to keep awaj in spite of all. However, he did not doubt her truth in spite of this inexplicable silence. She had told him that it would be best to put, and she was doing ber best to make tbe separation final, not because she did not love him, that he knew, but from a mistaken feeling of pride or duty, which galled him unspeakably wben he thought of it, even though be could not help respecting tbe motive which prompted it. But he was free to seek her now, and it was with commingled hope, happiness and disappointment that he set sail for America the very day on which the time of his probation expired. Hope and happiness sang loudly to him of a bright future with the woman be loved; but disappointment crept in and somewhat marred bie happiness in spite of himself. Why had she gone to America? Why had ebe endeavored to make famous tbe name that was as dear to him as his own ? Not that he himself loved her less because of her profession, but he knew—how could he help knowing I—tbe estimate in which his world held bers, and he hoped that sbe would have remained in obscurity until be had come to claim ber for his own. Still, be was very ready to believe that ber present notoriety was not altogether of her own seeking, and with a firm will be chased away the unworthy thoughts that would creep up now and then despite his strongest efforts. At first, upon reaching New York, whe re Gwendoline was performing , he had determined to enquire at the theatre for ber address, and, upon discovering ber, boldly claim her in the very teeth of any one who felt they had a right to be consulted in the matter. But a great longing came over him to see ber first as the world saw her nightly—to judge for himself whether the years had brought any change to ber. Tbe thought no sconer entered bis head than it was acted upon promptly, and tbe evening of his first day in New York found him seated in a box close to the stage, waiting for the appearance of the star of tbe night, the girl whom he hoped soon to call his wife. How tumultuously his heart beat as he waited I How almost painful was tbe expectancy that thrilled through every fibre of his being 1 He would see ber in a few minutes—she whom be had parted from three years ago, she who was present in his thoughts ever since. My little love !" he murmured to himself dreamily, tbe soft cadence of a magnificent waltz played by tbe orchestra forming a kind of half sad, half joyous accompaniment to his thoughts; " 1 shall see ber again, and tbis time there will be no parting, ehe will not send me from her again. Vet even as he murmured softly to himself, there flashed athwart his heart a sudden thrill of fear or dread as unaccountable as it was saddening. He tried to fling it off, laughing almost at his own weakness, but the feeling deepened in spite of himself, and wben the burst of applause that broke spontaneously from tbe audience told him that sbe was before him, a mist swam before bis eyes, and for a few seconds he could see notbing; but the clear, ringing voice of Gwendoline herself roused hi] from the lethargy which had crept over him. And once more be looked upon tbe face of Gwendoline Cray, but he could scarcely realise that the beautiful gifted woman before him was the same slender girl who had who sworn to be true to him. To him she bad always been beautiful, more beautiful than any other woman would be again in bis eyes, but it was with a beauty that attracted most by its unobtrusiveness that trwendol ine had been beautiful in those days. Now she was strikingly, peerlessly beautiful, and looking at her, listening to her, drawn, as it were, by tbe subtle witchery of her genius, Egbert felt the dread grasp at his heart again with iron force. He had not dreamed of ber possessing powers like these. Would her love for him be strong enough to allow of her giving np tbis life of fame and gratified ambition 1 Would she sacrifice tbe brilliant career which was evidently before her for love of him, tbe love of early girlhood f Besides, hinted demon jealousy, among the many who have been at her feet ere now, might there not have been one who was better fitted for winning her love than be was ? And the fear and dread grew deeper and deeper with almost every word tnat fell from Gwendoline's lips ; and wben the curtain fell upon the first act, be groped his way almost bjindly from tbe box to tbe corridor, feeling that if be eat longer fighting with tbe dark foreboding that oppressed him bo strangely he should go mad, sulfonate. die 1 " Why, Valerie, old fellow, is it ycu really in the flesh, or is it your ghost I' said a cheery voice in his ear, as be stood stid for a moment to recover himself. Egbert started and turned round sharply, to see tbe familiar form and face ot Bertie Stanley, bis old friend and dose colleague. " Well, to be sure," said Bertie, after wringing Egberts hand heartily; u wbo would ha»e dreamed of meeting you here? Who are you with, old man, and where are you located in this bouse, or rather, where are you going to locate joureelf J" "lam aione," answered Egbert with a smile; " and I have just left my box for a turn in the corridor. But the orchestra seems to be tailing up again, so suppose you join me for a few moments." " With all my heart," Baid his friend, and the next minute the two were seated in the box which Egbert had recently vacated. Ho sooner were they seated than Mx. Stanley commenced to expatiate in glowing terms upon tbe magnificent acting of G wendoline Cray; and Egbert winced as though burned by a hot iron as Bertie commented so freely upon tbe gifts and charms of tbe woman whom he contemplated nnJrimg one of tbe house of Valerie. "Lovely woman I"said Mr.Stanley enthnsiastica!ly ; "and quite a genius. ' No one would hare thought it 0( her three years ago, would they now, Valerie? I'm sue I really could not believe, when I fint saw her here, tint she could be the little girl who used to play the small parts at St. John's. Nice little thing she was then, certainly ; rather pretty, too, but awfully quiet and dull. Couldn't see anything in her myself, I must own, in those dan. But jw, Egbert* old nan, If I remember rightly, seemed rather touched in that quarter. But who would have dreamed tnat she would have blossomed into such a magnificent creature as she has? Quite a beaut; I All the men are raving about her here, I can tell you." Egbert put up bis hand as though to ward off a blow, and tbe face be turned to hi& friend was so ghastly white that even short-Bighted, blundering Bertie Stanley couid not help noticing that something was amiss. •* Why, what is tbe matter, Valeria 1 Are you ill ?" he said, in very alarmed tones. Egbert muttered something about tbe heat, and to his unmitigated relief, tbe rising of tbe curtain put an end for the nonce to tbe lively chatter of bis friend. But not for long. A lively little dance was now taking place upon tbe stage, and under cover of the light, tripping music, Air. Stanley commenced to rattle on again. Wonder wnere that awfully fine woman ber mother is," he whispered. " 1 used to admire her tremendously three years ago, but of course she could not bold a candle to ber daughter now. I'm awfully bard hit myself, I can tell you. But it's no use. She's colder than ice and harder than " But I say, old man, if you would like to go behind the scenes and renew your acquaintance with ber, I can take you tuere. I knew the managei of tbis company wben he was in England, and, abem ! in fact I am quite a prime favorite with him. Will you come presently 7" " I should like it of all things," returned Egbert, shading his face with one hand so that the expression of his face might not be seen. *' Well, wait till tbis act is over," said his friend, "and then, bey for the green room. " Do you know, old boy, I was bound for there wben I met you ! I'm often there, you know. Can't make an impression upon tbe diva herself, so I patronise her husband." •• Her husband 1" came in a hoaise gasp from Egbert's white lips. " Yes—Roseiter ; used to be manager at St. John's. You recollect him, don't you ?" Egbert bowed his bead, but did not look up. ** tVell, he is ber husband. Not a bad sort of fellow either, by tbe way. But, good Heaven, Valerie, how ghostly pale you look] Don't you think you bad better come outside for a spell. Shockingly ventilated this place. The heat is simply suffocating." " Hush said Egbert, with an effort, " I am all right, but as you say, the heat is rather oppressive," and with a calmness that astonished himself be turned towards tbe stage, where Gwendoline once more stood before the admiring audience. Gwendoline, but no more bis Gwendoline. She was false, false as sbe was beautiful ; and with a sudden passion that almost mastered bim, be longed to leap down upon tbe stage and upbraid ber for her treachery. Wbat tbe scene was that waB being enacted before bim he could never afterwards I remember. He heard nothing, saw notbing, but the voice and form of tbe woman who bad deceived bim, who bad sent him from her in hypocritical sorrow bom a pretended sense of duty, but who had doubtless many times since laughed at his besotted folly and weakness. Yet deppite all the mad passion that surged through his veins, as his half .dazed brain tried t/> gasp at the truth, the face of Gwendoline, not as sbe was now, but as he bad last seen it, wan and tear-stained, rose before him, with mute reproach in the dark sad eyes. Tbe gorgeous scene before bim faded, and be was once more at the old trysting place at St. John's, living over again tbe one love-dream of his life. The applause which followed the dropping of the curtain roused bim, and with a terrible effort he once more attempted to regain his faculties sufficiently to answer Bertie Stanley's rather distracting questions and remarks. " Shall we go behind now for a minute or two T" said Mr. Stanley, finding tbat his friend's vocabulary was reduced to monosyllables. "If you like," returned Egbert calmly, rising as he spoke, but never once raising his heavy eyes, for fear that the awful despair in them might be read by his well-meaning, but inquisitive friend. In less than ten minutes the two had passed through tbe mystic door wbicb divides the auditorium from the precincts of thestage. Like a man walking in his sleep Egbert Valerie went through the form of introduction to the manager, who had, fortunately for bim, but scant time to spare. All was hurry and confusion behind the scenes. Irate stage carpenters bullied their subordinates, and discomfited scene-shifteis growled viciously at each other as slight blnnders were made ever and anon, while behind themjso as to be in everybody's way, stood a bevy of girls, dressed as nuns, who were in the next scene to form a procession, singing a mournful requiem as tbey went, but wbo, at tbe present moment, were engaged in chattering and laughing to an extent that was almost maddening to those engaged in their vicinity. Quite in vain that tbe stage-manager in direful accents threatened fines of enormous magnitude, equally vain that Ihe little ballet master was vociferating for peace at tbe risk of breaking a blood-vessel, and tbe thin, consumptive-looking prompter fairly danced with impotent rage. With the marvellous imperturbability which none but a ballet <or chorus lady of fair experience can with equal success assume, these sombrely-clad damsels persisted in working their own sweet will, almost distracting everyone else by their noise and confusion. Egbert Y r alerie, under cover of nil this distraction, contrived to slip away from < his friend, and espying a quiet, dimly-lit comer at the far back of the stage, seated himself there on a box that had been left by one of the property-men. Presaitly a small door, almost beside bim, opened, and be moved mechanioally out °f tbe way of the lady who emerged therefrom and turned in the direction of the green room. A low cry from tbe newcomer made bim turn hastily, and with a cold, hard feeling at his heart, though his brain seemed almost bursting, be advanced to greet Gwendoline, who shrank back, white and trembling, as he approached. Her agitation almost frenzied Egbert. She could feel, then, this treacherous, false woman, who had promised to be true to him. " Do not let me startle you, Mrs. Bossiter," he said, with a cold sneer. " You did not expect to see me, I presume." Gwendoline's lips moved, but no words came, and she stood still and white, gazing at bim with wild startled eyes. " And yet," went on Egbert, in a bard, metallic voice, " the three years from which time you banished me from your presence have passed away—the three years which were to be a test to our love—tbe three years' probation wbicb you youreelf determined upon, and would not be moved in decision. Well, it is over, and I have come for my answer. And you, you who swore to be true to me until that time had expired, wbat have you to_Bay to me to-night <" A hot flush swept across Gwendoline's pale, beautiful face, and looking up to bim with proud nnquailing eyes, though tbey were dark with anguish, she said in a voice which she vainly strove to render calm— " How dare you ask me that question ? How dare you seek me at all 1 liy what right do you upbraid me for want uf faith, when you yourself have been so utterly false?" " I Gwendoline, I!" replied Egbert, the passion dying out of his face and leaving it strangely wan and ghastly. " I bave never ouce failed in my allegiance to yon. I was mad enongb to believe that you loved me. I came here to-night full of hope to claim tbe fulfilment of the promise you made to me three years ago, and—and—Ob God 1 I find you married to another." A look of awful despair and horror crept over Gwendoline's face. *' And you," she moaned hoarsely, " you were married twelve mouths ago. Why in the name of Heaven do you come here to torture me like this ! You who—" "Are you mad, Gwendoline?" gasped Egbert. Something in his face told her the truth. "God forgive me," she said, raising her wretched face to his. " I was told so, and 1 believed it. * " But who ? What fiend incarnate could bave fabricated so base a lie came from Egbert's white, stern lips, as be looked down with anguished eyes at tbe stricken girl before him. " And oh, Gwendoline, bow could you—how could you believe it 7" Gwendoline did not anBwer, but there was a look of such dreary misery, such unutterable despair in her face and attitude that a LADT ALICIA. furious, passionate anger filled him with a renewed passion. «• Who was it, Gwendoline J" he said, grasping her slender wrist almost con* vuUively. Tell me tbe name of the perjured wretch who has caused tbis unutterable wrong," •• Hoshl" she moaned,«' it was my mother. Heaven forgive ber 1' "Curse her, curse her I" broke in low, concentrated tones from Egbert's shaking lips. *' What had I ever done to her that she sbould blast my life's happiness in this ruthless manner?" The band struck up the overture at this moment, a brilliant march, tbat fell mockingly, discordantly upon the ears of the unhappy pair who stood facing each ether in such bitter despair. " Where is Miss Cray f" said a voice not far from them. Gwendoline Btarted. "I must go now," she said, raising her unhappy face to his; " let us say farewell here; it has all been a miserable, heart-breaking mistake. Forgive me and forget me." " And is tbis all tbat is left to us!" cried Egbert, hoarsely, barring her path as she would have moved past him, " All, all I" she wailed, wildly. " Heaven help us both 1" The music changed now to a low, mournful miserere, that fell sadly, solemly, even upon the ears of the careless and the happy, but to these two wbo stood beside the grave of their dead hopes, it sounded as a knell, a knell to departed happiness, to blasted love. Without another glance at Egbert, Gwendoline took ber place in the wing where she was to await, her cue; while Egbert Valerie, v itb fire at his heart, and madness in bis brain, strode to tbe opposite side of the stage, scarcely cognisant of his own actiono- Another moment he was once more in his box, while a bust of applause told bim that Gwendoline was on the stage again. CHAPTER VI. The glorious sunshine came pouring in through the open French windows of tbe morning room at Norton Wold. Upon a coach drawn up before one of the windows reclined Egbert, while beside him, anxiously gazing at him now and then, sat his father. Six months had passed away since the fateful night when Egbert bad received the death blow to bis hopes, and for the first few weeks after that dark boor tbat seemed now to him so far, far away, he bad been mad. At lewt, ao be thought with * shudder as lie recalled his wild, reckless endeavoara to perauade Gwendoline to leave all—husband^elf-respect, ambition, eTeiything—and fly with him. fie had dogged ber footsteps, he bad thrust himself in her path with a rode violence, which horrified hianelf now that he thought of it, in the firm, passionate determination to force her to break tbe tie tbat bound ber ; but all in vain. Gwendoline's heart was broken, and ber life was utterly wrecked. If by dying the most cruel death sbe could have given bim back but a tithe of bis lost happiness, she would bave yielded up her life gladly, gratefully ; but not even tor bim could she sink inextricably into the mire of degradation,and with bitter anguish she implored him to return to England and forget ber, or at all events to re- Bign himself to tbe inevitable. Stung by wbat be considered ber callousness, ber coldness, he went out one night from the theatre, and in a fit of maoness determined to wait for tbe appearance of Bossiter and shoot bim down like a dog. But even as he stood there, cowering in the shadow of tbe stage-door, something seemed to snap in his brain, and be remembered no more till be awoke some weeks after to find tbat be bad gone through the agonies of brain fever and tbat it was only by a miracle his life had been spared Lord Norton bad been sent for, and as soon as bis son bad recovered sufficiently to travel, he insisted upon his returning with bim to England. Shattered both in frame and mind, Egbert rected very little what became of bim, and consequently made no demur to bis father's arrangements. Through B si tie Stanley, wbo was indefatigable in bis attendance opon tbeinvaiid, he beard that Gwendoline had left New York, and was, be believed, at the South of France, recruiting for tbe Lmdon season. A bitter pang seised Egbert's heart as be listened. Sbe was gone. Sbe had never troubled whether be was alive or dead, although, from what Bertie said, sbe must bave heard of bis illness. "She was callous." be told himself, " utterly callous. It was all very well to prate of duty, of the inevitable dictum of fate, but she could never have loved him as he loved ber, or she couid not have rushed away without one word of comfort or consolation." (TO EE COVTlSUED) 