SPORTING ITEMS. Nominations for the Frances Hurdles and handicap close to-day. At the Lucknow, India, meeting the Trial- Stakes was won by Moorhouse. Faiig'h-a-ballagh was second «fc Cuba third, all Australians, The English horses Fitz william and Campanile also started. The five furlongs were left behind in 1 min. 4 sees. The Little-go Chase was won by Lord W. Hereford's Australian mare Nellie, who beat five Arabs and two Tndian-breds. In the Bar Cup the English horse Fitzwilliain beat Faugh-a ballaugh . and Camillas but Moorhouse did not start. The Grand Annual Hurdle Race was won by the Australian horse Harvester. It is a pity the Indiau papers do not give the breeding of winners. At the Sonepore meeting Midas won the Doomraon Cup and Belliab Cup, Charl ton won the Hntwa Cup, Ex bank the Durbhnnga Cup, Little Sister the Mer chants'Cup Spray the Buck Cup, Sale yard the Lilian Planter's Gazette Purse, Charlton the Civilians' Cup, The Ghost the Jaintpore Plate and Gold Jessop's cup all the winners being Australians. At the Calcntta monsoon meeting, on the 2nd November, all the races were won by Australian horses. The Pony Stakes fell to Whiff, who beat Arabs aud Austra lians. The Hooghly Stakes- aud the Scurry were won by Mr. Dudley's Travel ler, the Autumn Stakes by Mr. Reginald Murray's Rocket,; and the Selling Stakes bv Mr.-Gladstone's Fishwife. Jack Allen, the well-known steeple chase rider, has sailed for India) where he intends to follow his profession. It is stated in a New Zealand paper that Mr. Gannon inquired the price of Tirail leur, but no business was done, as the price asked, 3,000 guineas, was considered too high. The V.R.C. have removed the disquali fication of the pony Little Nell for run ning at an unregistered meeting. Only, the other day it was recorded as a fact that a three-year-old trotting colt named Axtell had realized no less than 105,000 dollars. Now comes news across the Pacificthat Mr. Bonnor, the millionaire ; journalist, has gone one better, and given j 110,000 dollars, or £22,000, for a three year-old trotter named Sunol. j Mr. H. G. White has purchased from ' Mr. John Finnie, of Queensland, the Yat ' tendon mare My Love for 600 guineas. Her colt by Ormonde goes with her. | Referring to the Slavin-Goode fight, : " The Bird of Freedoman English 1 paper, remarks :—" That was rather a neat retort which Slavin made when one of Goode's' corner men' threw a chair at him: ' Gentlemen, I came here to knock-a man out, not to take the chair 1' It was a' warm corner,' truly! The order had gone round that' Bill wasn't to lose', and but for the presence of a large force of police,' battle, murder, and sudden death' would have been weakness to express the consequences. And it was not altogether in sarcastic spirit that another of the' boys' whacked Joe Thompson over the head with a big stick, after that gentleman had gone into rhapsodies on the 'fair play' with which I the Australian had been treated. I j For next year's English Derby £5,000 to ' £300 has been taken against Mr. James . White's colts, Narellan and Kirkham, con ioined. Our American cousins have beaten an- j other record. It will be remember that some time ago a horse named Filemaker : cleared within a fraction of 6ft. 10in., and at the Chicago,show recently held a prize of 503dols. was offered for any horse that could beat this record.. Several horses entered; and they commenced at 4ft. 9in _ Eventually the contest was narrowed' down to two Canadian-bred horses, name 1 Ontairo and Bosebery, both of whom cleared 6ft. lOfiii. Mr. W. T. Jones, the owner of Bravo, the cup winner, who is at present on a trip to the old country, paid a visit to his I native town, Aberystwith, Wales, in Octo- j ber. Before he left he presented the i Welsh University with £503. He did not forget the charities either. Bating is making gigantic strides in the United States. An American paper states that the pursuit gives employment to 50,000 people, and indirectly assists 50,000 more to a livelihood. The thoroughbred stallions and the brood mares on the great stock farms are valued at 6,000.00ddol., and the sons and daughters of these stal lions and brood mares earned above 2,000,090 dols more during the last season; the value of the stock now employed for racing being valued at 7,000,000dols., whilst the capital invested in race tracks and stables is 6,000,000dol. The stock farms embrace 140,000 acres of the finest 1 land in the country, and last year the yearling sales footed up to 1,000,OOOdol., whilst the attendance at racecourses num bered over 3,500,000. Mr. T. Rennison has (says Augur) has I given the following names to his yearlings: I Bay colt, by Guesswork from Haidee of ' the Hills, " Driffield" ; brown gelding, by The Vagabond from the Thorn, " Julian Thomas " ; bay gelding, by The Vagabond from a Conraa mare, " Augur." The last two named were bred by Mr. W. Hutchison at Morambro. 