Local Topics. He would indaed be a glutton who was not satisfied with the last sample of wind and wet forwarded us (C.O.D.) by the clerk of tho weather. Both wind and rain were genuine unadulterated commodities. ' High travelling winds filled with the strong storm's soul,' ?were here ' with dark strange sayings from thejPolo,' driving before them such floods of rain that the outcome was much of a muchness with tho scene describod by the poet when ho wrote — Like weeds uplifted, Tho tree-trunks rifted In spars were drifted Like foam or sand ; Past swamp and sallow, And reed-beds callow, Through pool and shallow, To wind and lee ; Till, no more tongue-tied, Pull flood and young tide Roared o'er the sand-bags and rushed to tho sea ! Verily, 'twas a wild old time— tho air was in the clutches of the wind, and violently 'gainst its violence did protest with shriek and shudder and struggle, and tho flood waters, madly flushing, leaping, twisting, foaming, crashing, played tho part of thoso impotuous shes, ?who when thoy will, or won't, you may depend on't, that if they will, thoy ivitt, and there's an end on't. Verily, 'twas a wild old time— or to speak scientifically, the third period of the May raiu-wuve was characterised by extreme veu tosity and considerable moisture .' That tho Municipal Baths should havo stood their ground, and the Central Governmental sandbag dam should havo ' cut its lucky,' beoauso of the recent atmospheric disturbance, contributes a fact of tho nature of a ' nasty jar ' for thoso whoso mission it is to preach tho doctrine that municipal officials are dolts and Government dittos the most sapient of prac tical philosophers. Tho lato rain acted right cleverly as an inspector- general of badly constructed edifices, exposing the various dodges of jerry-building in a manner that was as thoroughly explicit as the most imjuisitivo mind oould desire. 'V* On Tuesday lasi several quite too utterly fastidious folks complained to a local newspaper purveyor that thoir ' Heralds' had beon de livered to them dump ! People who yearn for tho dolivory of u crisp dry matutinal 'Homld,' on such a morning of delugo as wo had last Tuesday, aro only comparablo with tho magnet in the extravaganza that set his love on a silvor cream-twister, and could, or would, not the lesson learn that by no endeavour, can magnet ever contrivo to attract a silver churn. The Vandcmoniaus offer a ' century ' as a reward to the follow who discovers and demon strates, at his own expense and under a lot of tight conditions, a mo thud for the effectual ex termination of tho codlin-moth. Phil Robin son recently called tho Vandies lazy ; we think if ho had known at the time of spcakin' of such an offer as the above, he'd have called them mean, as well. Although Judge Murray's report complotoly exonerates Mr. Commissioner 1'ehon, and not withstanding the fact that Mr. Tehon is a very able official, we still think that his appoint. mont was a mistake, becausa of his previous busjness relations with a carrying firm that had sailed very close to the wind. It wasn't as if there had beon no other possible choice. Apropos of a recent commonsonsical ukaso is sued by tho Railway Commissioners, tho 'Star' asks rather non-sensically : — 'Why is not tho freight on all parcels reduced 50-per cent?' and then goes onto observe ' if it is: right to do this for tho fruitgrowers' sake, it is equally jnst to do it for tho sako of any other class of industrious citizens. There is the boot making industry, for instance, which tho Rail way Commissioners might ' promoto ' by carry ing parcels of colonial mado shoes 50 per cont cheaper than parcels of imported ones.' It is strange that tho ' Star ' shouldn't ' differen tiate ' twixt perishable commodities like most kinds of fruit and such goods as are eatalogueable (wo like a neat word) along with the products of tho boot-making industry. The Catholic Times (London, of date April 18th last) states that the Right Rev. Dr. Hig gins, Coadjutor to tho Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney, wiil tnko up his residence at Farm miiltii. 'Tis lucky Her Majesty's natal day doesn't fall in summer-time. If it did, thoro'd be need of a fire brigade and engine in every street. If only half tho money spoilt by Parra mattans on Queon's Birthday fireworks ,had been clubbed together for the purpose of hav ing a pyrotechnic display on tho co-operative principle, there'd have been enough coin for n big show well worth looking at. ?a- it- ff Talking of fireworks, wo note that the muni cipal authorities of Cooma have recently adopted n by-law couched in the. following prudent terms: — 'Any person who may bo convicted of using or discharging fireworks upon the streets and lanes within the Muni cipal District of Cooma shall bo liable to a penalty of not less than fivo shillings nor more than forty shillings.' The Parramatta rowists' regatta would have been a brilliant success but for the advorse atmospheric conditions. As it was, it was by no means a failure. One little word of hostile criticism — why wasn't the display of those fouls reserved for the Poultry Show ? Some of the braves at the Birthday-day Re view — presented a smart soldierlike appearance (notably some hailing from Parramatta) — and others didn't. Many of the cadets paraded in a disgracefully slovenly state — not a few little ones hung around with accoutrements several sizes too big for thorn. The Highlanders in their now 'togs' looked ' more melodrama than military.' AVe gather from a just published Parlia mentary paper that 30 rifles have been issued to the 34 members of the SmithjlcW Reserve Rifle Club aud 3o rifles to the 17 members of the Parramatta ditto. Surely there must be something wrong with theso figures ? Though new blood is sorely needed in the Prospect and Sherwood Municipal Council, wo don't consider that Jones, junior, possesses any of that commodity ; and thereforo opine that thopromisingLackey is theeandidate that should bo selected to fill the extraordin-airey vacancy. ITaruoll voted far and Ritchie against the second reading of the Divorce Extension Bill. Nobbs made no sign, neither did Youey. Lins ley's on furlough. We congratulate Prank. * * The statement of the Inspector-General of Police to the effect that Mrs. Cunynghame's statement about the delivery of "drunks" at the Macquarie-street Asylum is "absolutely untrue," requires to be received with a good many grains of salt, since it is nought but the deposition of the chief of an impeached de- partment in favour of his impeached subordi- nates. In the law courts such evidence would be regarded as of the lowest kind. While agreeing with Mr. Director Maxted that the site selected for the cottage-homes, Parramatta, was on many accounts a good one, we decidedly differ from him when he thinks that it was not a breach of good taste to refer, on the occasion of the Queen's Birthday Banquet at the Macquarie-street Asylum, to Mrs. Cunynghame as "the woman, who would not" etc. There was about that observation the flavour of the spirit which impels to the hitting of a man when he's down. For tho atrocious blunder, perpetrated in the Buttner case in the name of tho law, the police authorities are primarily responsible. Pact is, tho material of which the bulk of our constabu lary force is composed is good, but the superior officers, us a rule, are models of incompetence and hido- bound routine. Yet we will bless their incapacity, should it lead up (as it ought to do) to tho abolition of capital punishment. V Hero is a junk from a contemplated epical ballad :— When the good man roads his Anaus, Snug by Jiis parlour fire — When tho good wife gives her stockings Tho darning they requiro, With appreciative comment, ' Still do folks talk and say How well Tom Burnett savod the bridge In tho damp days last May. * * JohuKobb3 has soared aloft so completely intothoM.P-yrounasto have left municipalism far.boneath him. Ho has resigned his alderman ship, by so doing cutting tho painter that linked him officially to the Borough which ho eroatod. Local coach -proprietors have learnt from a couple of recent police- court cases (if they did not know it before) that the Stuto Carriage Act is ono which to bo honored in tho observance must be honored in tho brece/i-iag, likewise. *»* Wo are glad that the Smithfiold Public School is at last to bo fixed up to rights. It's condition has been far too long discreditable to the P. I. Department. Wo trust that the order discontinuing tho issue of free railway passes will be scrupulously observed, all round. Xot only the uHrniployi-tl dead -head but that check-endowed loafer ' the distinguished visitor ' should be brought under its wholesome provisions. Whatever may be the judgment of their Honors in Jimieo, in tho matter of Lovien and Rawlings,: the case, as presented against those gentlemen by the Prothonotary, discloses nought disgraceful nor dishonorable. Unfor tunately, in a caso of the kind, the public cannot expect real justice: done, inasmuch as the Supreme Court is naturally biassed in favour of the inequitable systom of Protection which maintains tho privileges of the legal profession at tho oxpense of tho interests of tbe public [P.S. We regret to say that their Honors in bunco have adjudged Mr. Rawlings guilty of contempt, fining him £100 and costs on that account, and have suspended Mr. Levien for 12 months for unprofessional behaviour. The sym pathy of all level-headed men is with these vic tims of preposterous professional privilege. Tho public should help Messrs. Rawlings and Le vein (both of them, generous-hearted ' white ' men) to defray the costs, etc. , in which they hare been mulcted so inequitably. We will gladly receivo and acknowledge any subscrip tions for so good an object.] Just as we were going to press, wo loavnt by advt. in another cnhvmn that a^mcoting of Mr. Bawling' s friends and sympathisers was called for Wednesday next. * * Prospect and Sherwood constitutes a pretty big municipal district, and were its Corporation to propose borrowing £10,000, or so, one could understand that there'd , be some chance of making a show by its expenditure ; but what can be cxpscted from splitting up a solitary 'thou' into votes for a big variety of perma nent improvements all over the municipal ter ritory. Objector-general Booth objects to being gagged. It's strange ' what a many ' people don't know what's good for them ! Lecturer- General Kitchio is so far right that unless the Mayor livens himself up a bit, nothing beneficial will bo turned out by the Borough Council during his term of office. * ? Whether Mr. G. Stone has a legal claim against tho Borough Council for the loss of ' Riverside ' remains to be seen. Equitably, ho hasn't the ghost of a claim, at least such is our opinion. *** When tho Council oi the F.G.U, assemble to day for dispatch of business we trust that councillors will insist upon these, amongst other, points : — (a) That non- Councillors seeking to interfere with the proceedings be promptly invited to tako the chair (the more in it the merrier) . (b) That tho £150 paid to the Council's credit by the Government be voted in bulk to tho only Titmouse on tho condition of his pre paring a volume of some sort for the use — of the local sausage sellers. (e) That resolutions he passed repudiating the contract principle and effirmiug the desir ability of allowing any member or office bearer of the Union to give out orders for expensive 'superfluities' on his own re sponsibility, without reference to any other member or office-bearer or to tbo Council. {(I.) That tho discussion of such trifling mat ters as the amendment to the Vine Diseases Act and the proposals of tho Metropo litan Corporation with regard to tho Geoige-stroet Markets etc., etc., be adjourned indefinitely ; and that councillors, sitting down to a quiet game of bob and hit, shunt the control 'oi tho Union's affairs on to the shoulders of the secretary. Seriously speaking, though, we do trust that the Council of the Union will put their corpor ate foot down, and insist on the business of the society being done in such an above-board way as to command tho confidence of the public. 