M i u AN EVICTION AND ITS CONSE- QUENCES. , BY AUGUSTUS SQUIBBS, IN THE " DUB- LIN WEEKLY FBEEMAN." Author of " Mount St. Bernard/' "Edith with the Baven Locks," "A Storm at Sea," etc., etc. CHAPTER I. NANCY O'WEILL. THE moon was shining brightly on the bleak, sterile mountains of Kerry. On thd brow of a steep, precipitous rock, risirig from the centre of a deep; narrow glen, was situate an ancient building, partially in ruins, but which had evidently once been a place of considerable importance. That part of the dilapidated structure which stood near to a roUgh, uneven path, winding down the steep descent, though presenting signs of age and decay, still was in a less ruinous condition than other portions of the mansion^ The smoke issuing from a narrow vent in the roof indicated that that end of the building was inhabited. The interior of this part of the edifice consisted of one large apartment, partly lighted by a great fire which burned oil a wide hearthstone beneath a broad, open chimney, which was greatly out Of repair, and allowed part of the smoke to pass into the room, from whence it escaped by narrow apertures in the crumbling walls and low, raftered ceiling. Several fowls were perched on a round piece of wood that obtruded from the wall; a huge, fat pig lay fast asleep oh a heap of dirty straw in one corner oE the apartment. A young girl, mending an old, tattered garment, sat on a three-legged stool nedr to a rude deal table that supported p, lighted tallow candle. Long, black hair, in thick, wavy masses, fell far below her slender waist; her large, luminous eyes flashed with dazzling brilliancy beneath her , dark, delicately-pencilled brows. The face was finely moulded, with a healthy glow upon each swarthy cheek. A plaid korchief covered her drooping shoulders and foU. wellTformed^bust, leaving the neck apd lower part of the? arms bare. A short petticoat revealed her naked feet, which rested on the hard mud floor. As she plied her needle she sang snatches of an Irish song, and occasionally moved her feet to the rythmical sound of her own low, musical voice. Thus absorbed, she was unconscious that a pair of wild, fierce eyes Were regarding her through the lower part Of the long, narrow window. A moment later the door unclosed, and admitted & Stranger into the room. Nancy O'Neill sprang to her feet, threw back heir head, and, drawing up her tall figure to its full height, assumed an attitude of resistless defiance, like that of a wild animal suddenly brought to bay. The intruder closed the door behind .him and glanced arOund with the seated, startled look Of one vrho had recently 'escaped from a; threatened danger and still feared pursuit. He was a young man, possessing a powerful but heavy frame. His tilothes were stained with mud and stack all river with sliort leafless briars. One of his coat feleeves had been torn open from the wrist to tpe elbow,fafld hung in tatters. The whole disordered fetate of the dress indicated that the Wearer had recently been engaged in a fierce aid desperate encounter with numeroui and powerful opponents. His shaggy brown hair lay in thick masses upon his retreating•' for'eheaid. The loot of fear in his eyes contrasted somewhat strangely with the half defiant expression »of the. face. ' How ye fret me!' exclaimed Nantiy, uhbending -from her defensive attitude, as she recognised the intruder. 1 At' the same time the colour deepened in her cheeks, and ha jcoy. shyness softened the brilliancy of her dark, flashing eyes. < ' Wfaere'a yer feytherP" inquired the intruder. 'Gone out for the night; there's only old Paddy «nd: myself at home, and I : thought whien I saw ye come in, as sudden as a ghost, and! as fierce as a wild man, that ye were a moonlighter come to murtherrai''saidNн \- i .' I've just had to run for me life; the polis is after me,' li i 'iVjThat have ye been doing P* inquired Nancy with a scared look. * The baileff is shot,' he said. • 'Nancy's face blanched. . .' Did ye kill him P' > ' 'Sure/Nancy, and I should ha'beea coward lf-I'hadn't ha' foughfor me own 1 , But I didn't mane, to kill the mahjthe * And why for did ye fight him r' ' Sure an' I should ha been more nor uman had I had kept me hands off him. e mother owed four pounds for ririt,j and we hadn't got four shillings to pay it wid. The seasons had been oad, ana the land is poor, though our family's been on it now getting on for a hundred year. , It was only a bog when they firsi settled on it, and they and all the others as came after them reclaimed it, and firsj made the ground fit to grow praties ana other things. . The landlord kept raising On the tint; times ha' been bad and now; we can't pay, so to-day the baileff and a lot o' men come to evict us.' 1 'Sure, Nat, and: it was a burning shame; in this cold weather too!' cried Nancy indignantly. j 'And mother, poor old crathur, lay dying on a heap of straw in one corned or : the xne cabin.'- caoin. : ' Yer mother dying!'ejaculated Nancyj ' Yes,' returned Nat, brokenly, rubbing his « coat jleeve — across his moist A«.ai eyes, ' but the baileff and polis said it was a! a pretense,, because we should not b evicted. So they began to throw out al the household things. Molly and Netti^ Cried, and asked them to ha' pity, but they'd got no more feeling than a stonej, and turned round fierce as wolves!. They took .hold of poor old mother an<jl carried her out, and put her down on the wet grass on the cold hill-side, to die just like a dog. She was as meek as a saint, though, and just put up her poo? Old hands, as though she wor praying, but she could not spake a word.' 'Sure and it was a sorry time for ye/ said Nancy, the tears rising to her eyes. 'And then the wicked crathurs set fire to the roof, and the baileff stood by smoking a cigar, while the men began to rail the house to pieces. Molly and ] Nettie set up a great cry that pierced right through me, and the poor mother just turned her eyes to the old home, that the fire and the polis were a making level wid the ground ; then she heaved a jreatbig sigh, as though her heart had broke, and turned over on her side and died.' A deep sob broke from him; the tears ran slowly down his cheeks, and fell on the hard, mud floor like rain. 'Oh, Nancy, I thought me heart would ha'burst; me blood was hotter than any fire, and me brain was jtist turned wild! I broke from the men that held me, and rushed on the bailiff and threw him on .the ground; the gun that he held in his hand went off in tile struggle, and he lay at my feet—snot dead.' • Wirra! wirr»J' exclaimed Nancy. i ' The polis gotThold on me,' continued ' at; ' but a lot of men rushed upon h hem and I got away. The polis ha' been rter me all the day, and now, Nancy, e must hide me, or they'll ketch me, nd I shall be took to prison arid tretched.' ' They shall put a bayonet through me body first,' cried Nancy, fiercely. * Ye must hide here to-night, Nat, and we'll see what can be done in the morning.', At this instant a door communicating with the back part of the building opeped and admitted Paddy, the old man-servant, into the room. «Och, och, Miss Nancy, by me trbth arid there's a lot o' men just coming up the glin. Faith, and I hope they ain't moonlighters!' • Oh, Nancy, it's the polis ! they'll take me, and I shall be stretched,' cried Nat, in accents of terror. * They shan't touch a hair of yer head while I am here,', said Nancy, a hard, determined expression settling on her 'And what will ye do wid himP' inquired Paddy, clasping his hands and peering round with a look of fear. ' Now, Nat, attend to me,' said Nancy, in a firm, commanding tone, ignoring the old _1 J man's question. nuactinn ''V« Ye see DM the back JLFT^V part of this fireplace, and right down to the hearthstone it is one piece of'iron. I found out the other day that this was a door that opened when you touched a secret spring. Behind it is a sort of room, just beneath a little, low roof. Ye can get inside here, and I'll shut the door and keep you safe. The wall is full of • tiny holes, so, ye. can look throjighjthem and see what is going on on the outside. Now, just get in here quick, or the polis will be upon ye, for they're as keen scented after a man as a hound is after a While Nancy was speaking, she raked the peat fire into a heap on one' side iof the broad hearthstone, and, touching a concealed spring, the lower partof the iron plate thatformed. thebase of the chimneiy, flew open, disclosing a long, low recess behind! Nat fell upon his hands arid knees, and squeezed himself through this narrow aperture. Nancy instantly closed the door,: and spread out thefiieuppn the hearth ; then, sitting down onhjer three-legged «WoV-agairiittable; M^ ibmfed ..her' wbrk, ; J.^^^^entthe. looked';,up: • the .old man,fewaht, Ito stood regarding her in a Jrfnd of stupified astonishment. 'Now, Paddy, ine mail, keep foyx ongue still as an ice-bomid pond i' inter.' ' Sure, be me troth, and I shall be ak deaf as a dead man if them there polis xes me a question.' - . » He threw his battered hat to the back of his head, and quitted the room by the door through wmch he had previously! entered. _ . [ Nancy began to sing, at the sime time plying " her needle diligently; but although she seemed to be at ease she felt considerably agitated. ..., . The tread of the police was heard, as; hey moved slowly along, and by and by; hey entered the house. ' Nancy rose slowly from her seat arid; rew up her tall figure with a majestic; ir that imparted a certain dignity and race to her lofty bearing. At that! oment-she seemed possessed by the TP aliant 1 innt. and onrl haughty li a 11 rrlifir spirit enirif. that thflt had hM been bee distinguishing characteristic of her heroic and wealthy ancestors. She held; her head erect, her raven hair swept over her neck and shoulders; her dark eyes regarded the intruders with a look f questioning surprise. , •IsNathanielO'Beilly here?' inquired the first policeman, who was ari Englishman, in a sharp imperative tone, as he advanced into the room, followed by hii companions. i 'What ha' ye come into an honest man's house in the dead of night liki this for P Ye nearly frightened the life out of me, a stealing in like so many thieves.' 'We'll give you something to bi frightened at if you do not answer our questions,' said the superintendent ruffly. . ' Sure and it isn't the like of ye that could mek Nancy O'Neill afraid, man," she returned, with the faintest inflexion of scorn in her voice and a perceptible defiance expressed in her attitude. ' Come, now,' said the man, in a more conciliatory tone, for though harsh, overbearing, and dictatorial in his manner, he was naturally a coward, and knew that he might have to answer to his superiors for any undue violence committed upon an unprotected and unoffending woman—' Come now, we only want to know whether Nat O'Bedly iB here or not; he has shot the bailiff.' ' Shot th' bailieff 1' cried Nancy, liftink up her hands in horror. ' Sure and Najt O'Reilly would niver do such a wicked deed!" , ' Well, he has done it,' said the superintendent, beginning to lose his temper ,, and if we can only catch him, he 11 be ' And ha' ye not got him P' •Not yet.' 'Bight glad I am to hear it! And may the blessed saints keep him out of yer clutches.' 'That's a prayer which is not likely to be answered, for we'll have him if wb have to pull down every house in this country to find him.' ' And if ye don't find him then, ye'd better drag the rivers,' said Nancy, with, a scornful smile oh her ripe, red hps. • It strikes me you know moire abotit Nat O'Beilly than you will admit, yo!u are so impudent,' said the man. ' Bje was seen to make for this place. Now, have you concealed him anywhere P • And where could I put him P In the keyhole or in the cupboard P Perhaps ye think that he's turned into a pig, and is how lying over there on the straw a- grunting; or, maybe, he's put on .a. feathered coat, and is got up among th' fowls, wid his head tucked under 14s wing, and is afeared as ye should sie him. , Bat.Nat O'Beilly, as I, remembir mo. is a big feller, as. would tek a lot of hiding.* ; • Her tone of satirical contempt exasperated the superintendent almost past endurance; and he said, sharply • Tell me, has he been here to- mght r It ajn't likely,as. I should harboupja man as the pofis was. after; I've more care for meself arid me poor old servant Paddy. - Him arid me is just the rinjy two left in'the house, cos me'feythens away, and won't»be back till the morrow. • I believe the girl knows Wheri t^e escaped prisoner is concealed- If y4u notice, she has never once directly ariswered your questions,' said a. policfeman, addressing the superintendent. .! _ 'Then we'll have it put of ner, crnd the superior officer, - Bharply, and - turned to Nancy -, , .. . - •Now,' my girl, if you don.t tell, where Nat O'Beilly is we will mr •you.' Ye can't get wine out of an emp bottle, .nor water out of a dried-up wel nor news out of them as ha' got no ne~ toteU.'- . ......; .„„.. 1 'But;we can force information thosevAo poSslBBBit.' '•vJ'PT rrTJ~ nui> ififff^Js hat means you intend wilfully mideadnsP' I 'Words is Jikeweathercocks, ye can urn them round which Way ye like, to uit the wind of yer own convenience.' • Come, come, your words aie ill .wilid, here iB nothing in them.' Then the more fool ye to stand there listening to them.' . ., •• The superintendent bit his lips, and. a lash of anger leapt from lus eyes.. lie dvanced towards the £irlWith Ms rtisea aton. . , ^ „ She did not flinch, but drew op her tall igure to its full height* and looked at him calmly. •«. -. • If you do not answer my questions, my—' arid he shook his staff in a threatening manner. r • The armed is'always brtive when they attack them that can't help themselves;' she said, scornfully. He lowered his weapon in slight eon> usion. ' I shall force you to tell me where at O'Beilly is concealed.' ' Ye shall get ndwt out of me for yer impudence,' said Nancy, doggedly. ' Ye may beat me wid sticks, ye-fii&y; put* rite in chains, but ye can't make me wag my tongue when I've a mind to keep it quiet.' • She sat down on the stoo}, took up her Work, and began to ply her .needle diligently, as though quite unconscious of the presence of the officers of the law in the room. The superintendent uttered an imprecation and turned towards his men. 'Which of you saw Nat O'Beilly making for this place P* 'I did,' said one of the policemen, stepping forward. ' I followed him into he glen, then I lost him, and afterwards I saw him running up the path to this house: but I was on the other side of the stream, and had to go a long way before I could find any stepping-stones. Then I stopped in the glen till jou and the others came up.' At this juncture there were indications of a struggle going on outside the house, and two policemen entered the room, dragging old Paddy between them. 'Who is this?' inquired the superintendent. 'An old man we found lurking about the place,* replied ohe of the policemen. • Perhaps he can give us some information. Now, my man, if you don't speak the truth we shall whip it cut of ydu. Has Nathaniel O'Beilly been here tonight?' • • • • , • • j Paddy fell down on his knees, and raised his hands in an attitude of supplication. ' By me troth, yer honour, lams poor old crathur as niver did no harm to nobody. Let me go, yer honour, ana may the saints bless yefor yer goodness. • Have you seen Nat O'BeillyP' asked the superintendent; authoritatively. Och! och! yer honour!' Have you see Nat O'Beilly P' asked the officer again, in a sharp irritated tone. ' Paddy shook his head slowly from side to side, dropped his lower jaw, half closed his eyes, and assumed an expression of helpless imbecility, and then asked in a tone of the greatest deference: 'What d'ye say, yer KoriourP' . ' ' Have ye seen Nat O'BeSilly P' shouted the superintendent in the old man's ear. Paddy shook his head as though he were quite incapable of understanding the words that were addressed to him, and again uttered his previous question •' What d'ye say, yer noriourP* ; 'The man is as deaf iis a door nail. Try if one of you can make him heir.' said the superintendent, impatiently. Each policeman, in torn, shouted in Paddy's ear, but without produoing any effect upon thp obdjirate old man jifPi, at last, everyone gave up the effort, in deB^air. ^'m as deaf as a stone : ye rifight call froiri now until Doomsfdav, arid I shotild never hear ye/ said Paddyi with a mournful Shake of the head; > 'Let the man. ; go, we can get nothing out of lum/ said the superintendent;,;. j Paddy WM assisted: tg' ^ain Mi fept, and then piished towards^" the door, through "which lie dfi^tti^^SL ' Securb the- door, M m>body iii' br wt; two of >ybu Watch this end of tiie house, while the fest of us explore,the. mine. Nit O'Beilly is ;« «BWWhj»o about here; if ^e Ai^^nj^t qijiwlc Jtie wiu escape us/ said the' superintendent. The police quitted tfts mtn, Injuring the door bldukd'^ffii^^inp^liM than disperse in Yarittus direobriiis »c- Cordii^ to the superintendent's instructions. r - ; (To be continued.) A ooBBBSPORiairt writes to tKe Standard: .-Ik is h^h tSmis to protest a^ust the Ipfeit of; y^&dkmGuiiim; Jnkii^aut tt ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ hini." Did the writer m&ember; that this wusaidof anan? 