.KtfitHtÓ H :T0 L oil 0-0 N, S [Bt " KYHBTONIAK."] r — No. VUL - i The pasiage through the Bed Sea has fpi years betn regarded as a trial of extreme severity, which during tbe summer monthsii undoubtedly must be; but 1 am inclined to think the horrors have been over-rateB, partly due to the persistent manner in whi«h companies -who do not run steamers by this route, draw the attention of the public to the fact that by patronising their line they escape "the dangers of the Bed Sea," and partly to the additional touches whicii would be given to the rental of the said dangers in passing from one narrator to another. However that may be, we found that the temperature during the four days occupied by the Oroya in steaming through, was appreciably lower than that experienced in the Tntiian Ocean, being an agreeable surprise to many of the ladies, who really feared and looked forward to a trying ordeal. Nothing noteworthy happened dnring thii time, the enormous number of stramers met with being the only circntp&tance; calling for remark. About half an hour before daybreak on Thursday, February2S, the usual chattering and scurrying about which heralds a stoppage, announced that we were iu sight of Suez. Many of as arose in the early lawn, and were much surprised to find that the air was quite keen and cbilly, necessi tating the hauling oat of overcoats and gloves, in place of the tennis shirts and jackets which had been the order of the day during the previous few weeks. Nothing could be more striking than the difference presented by the spectacle of three forbidding taciturn Arabs, two of. whom squatted on deck selling oranges, -while the third moved about disposing of Bnglish papers and local photographs, and the lively, chatty, smiling swarms of Cingalese, who bustled about in every corner, in the wanner and morn pleasant atmosphere of Colombo harbor. And wbat a contrast the scene presented as the morning advanced 1 We were in a small bay about half-a-nule across, immediately behind a huge gigantic mountain nearly as steep as the (Tanging Bock, and three times AS high as Mount Macedoa. but no tree, no *hrnb, no grass, or vegetation of any kind grew on its sterile sides, which towered away >ip towards the clonds. Some little distance towards the left, some few hundreds of white square houses, with which all are familiar from pictures of Oriental scenery, constituted the town of Suez. Immediately in front about a dozen military-looking buildings could be seen, forming a guard to the mouth cf the canal. This point is called Fort Ibra* him. About half-an- hour was occupied in taking on board a pilot, who accepts all responsibility for the safety of the steamer while passing through the canal, also an electrician and his assistant, who were in charge of an electric machine which was shipped at the same time for the purpose of supplying the immense light placed in front to illuminate the banks for a considerable distance ahead, and thus allow the vessel to proceed by night as rapidly as by day. Until lately all steamers were obliged to halt at night at one of the numerous stations placed along the canal, seeing which a clever Frenchman conceived the idea of having a number of electric machines of extraordinary power placed on Suez and Port -Said, each one in charge two attendants. The large companies welcomed the idea, and no w, as I have explained, passengers by the large steamers are not compelled to lose a night on the way. The machine is unshipped at Fort Said ready to accompany a steamer going in the opposite direction. The extra expense amounts to ten pounds, so that many of the colliers and cargo steamers prefer to lose the time instead of the money. The purser informed me that it cost £1,200 to take the Oroya through The other goods taken on" here consisted of about a hundred baskets of Egyptian cab-' baee, lettuce, tomatoes, new potatoes, and fresh eggs. Jnst as the sun rose over the sandy plains of Arabia, which stretched away, on eur right, we entered slowly on the interes tine but unlovely passage of the Suez CanaL We had not gone more than a few hundred yards before we were introduced to the class.of inhabitants with whom we became familiar the day. On tLe Arabian banks we passed about fifty Arabs, men, women, and children, who with a score or so of camels, were camped around a few small fires, which seemed to be made of brambles or small sticks. They were having breakfast at this early hour, but what they were eating, or where on earth they procured their food from, none of us could guess, as the country around as far as the eye could see was of a most dreary character, scarcely a trace of vegetation appearing to diversify the yellowish brown appearance of the surrounding oonntry. However, in some few places where the surface formed hollows, a straight green herb grew thinly and poorly, but these spots were so scarce that they ody served to intensify the desolate aspect of tbe whole. I think it is commonly understood that the land ou both sides of tile canal consists of plain level stretches of sand, continuing perfectly even as far as the eye. can reach, like the Wimmera and other Australian plains, but I found I had been laboring under a delusion, as for about tbe first twenty»five miles we had a range of tolerably high mountains running on both sides ; after that we got into the same class of country which accompanied ns right through to Fort Said, namely, a somewhat even but still bulky snrface; you could not, for instance, travel a mile in any direction without covering one or more hiLU. But my poetical faculties received the rudest shock, the uhkindest cut of all, I had been led to believe in the guilelessness of my youth that one would Burely see in this experience, several trains or caravans of camels laden with costly jewels, and tbe spices and perfumes of Araby and ind, pDoted by noble looking sons of the desert, arrayed in picturesque garbs, and plodding slowly along in the distance, but the only camels we saw were those already mentioned, and two separate mobs of about a hundred each, which, with their attendants we passed later on, engaged in removing the sand forming the eastern bank of the canal, which is being increased to double its present width. They were in a most pitiable condition; a fat heąlthy camel, at his very best, is a most solemn looking animal, but when you see him reduced to skin and bone, and condemned to bear two boxes, each about the size of a wheelbarrow, and filled with sand, he presents a painfully abject appearance^ Not so however, Ins masters. When they saw us coining they struck work, andas we came hear, raised a yell and shout, which assured ns that there was life to be found in some parts of the desert at least. I also kept a sharp lookout for a certain individual mounted on & " beautifulsteed, with proudly arched and glossy nec^, %nd dark and fjery eye," bu$ I frUad ^oęeeęine either 'Scouring the distant plains of standing meekly by. The only thing T saw approaching such • spectacle, was a big thick- headed savagelooking Bedouin, dressed a ht ghost, iq a long loose gqwn, and 'a hoó^ of the same drawn over his ^ead. He iras mounted on a small black donkey,' which was so much out of proportion to the^ size of his rider that the litter was compelled to lift his lege m order to pass stones about the size of a man's head, and which were rather numerous along the path by the side of the canal over which they were passing. Tł^ stones were so close together in łom; p^rta to give the fellpw i%anpe«an(śe a bipyije rider whęriapproadung at eotne little distance, We shewed oar •ęoutenjpt bya series ęf ydjsand jeers, but they hS no mftre pHect qn fcis Stolidity than if we haą_bep ąlftt of school hoys howling '.'.wp&etf; If nolinmykieet' a&er; «n nnoffending CLina- BL. I should like to see timt fellow, weeping and "flinging them hack their sold, J after he had sold that poor little donkey. Evidences of human life were few, and far between, for with the erceptin of the mooring stations, occupied hy French men and ihfeir families, -scarcely 4(ny" " toons were visible. At jgtergal? bays it emergefrowthe Wie ^im^t^'^ sand"bantv naiA famtt? like Irke 4 ĄiWniis «rf "tlofcoitfi anil miles i: their powers of. ^endurance {being hjul covered~the eighty-eight - nlilfei which" comprise the <ainal, mfl anchored within a few yards of the quay at Port Said. | - (To be continued.) From March "quarterly •: meeting" statistics it is found that there are 775 Wesleyan circuits in Great Britain, with a total membership of 431,761, Bhowing an increase on the year of 5,046. The longest fence in the world is now being erected to divide Kew South Wales and Queensland. It is 8,000 miles in extent, of wire netting, and is intended to keep rabbits out of Queensland. The offer of £25,000 for an effectual exterminator of rabbits is still open. On the 9th March Henry Richardson, of Port Augusta, shot at and wounded a commercial traveller named Leonard Woodman for criminal intimacy with his wife. Bichardson received a sentence of seven yean' imprisonment, and o Thursday a petition bearing over 6000 signatures, including those of the Anglican and Roman Catholic bishopB, was presented to the Chief Secretary of South Australia, asking for a commutation of the the sentence. The Chief Secretary promised to send the memorial to the Governor. A terrific hurricane, with rain storms, prevailed in Sydney, and along the coast of New South Wales, on Sunday night and yesterday morning. The low-lying suburbs of Sydney were submerged and business was completely paralysed. Sir Henry Pa-kes. Premier of New South Wales, celebrated his 74th birthday yesterday. A curious mistake arose in connection with the issue of tickets from the totalisator during last Saturday's races, at Adelaide. A gentleman went to the machine and asked the clerk for five £5 tickets on "Victor" for the Selling Bace, mentioning the horse's name. The clerk, by some mistake, handed out five £6 tickets on "Wattle." Presently the would-bebacker of Victor discovered his mistake, and returning to the machine induced the clerk to take back the Wat'le tickets and give Victor tickets in their place. A moment later Wattle had won the race, and paid a dividend of £26 15s. The backer wishes he had kept the Wattle tickets. In the Supreme Court, Christchurch, His Baldwin has brought a suit against the Rev. Mr Pascoe, incumbent of Avonside. for breach of the rubric in refusing to administer the communion to her. It has been reported to the Fories Times that among the " distressed farmers " applying for seed wheat is one whose farm is situated somewhere between Canowindra and Orange. Just before making the application this very much distressed farmer sold on his O»D account not less than 500 bags of wheat. The exact number of persons who cross London-bridge in a day on foot has been ascertained, and" a long-disputed point settled. In order to decide a guessing competition in which 36,000 persons participated, the editors of the weekly journal Answers made arrangements with the Commissionaire Corps, and a large staff of men were drafted on to the bridge for the whole 24 hours of March 23. The result proved that 111,873 foot passengers were checked, and that, in addition, 42,000 vehicles, containing an average of three persons each, crossed. The oldest newspaper in Europe is but of yesterday compared with the oldest in the wold. The Gazette de France, still existing, is 259 years old ; but the Pefciu Gazette has now entered npon its thousandth year. The antiquity of this Chinese journal is, after all, sot so wonderful, Beeiug that published books in the Flowery Land date from 1,150 B.C. That was about the time of the Trojan War, which was about tbe same time that Samson slew the Philistines. A SUGGESTION WORTHY OF NOTE. Those who are anxious to obtain the genuine pure spirit, Wolfe's Schnapps, should purchase it by the bottle and til as secure themselves against imposture. "Why do American Hop Bitters cure so much?" "Because they give good digestion, rich blood, and healthy action of all the organs." «' HOUGH ON PILES "—Why suffer Piles Immediate relief and complete cure guaranteed. Ask for 41 Rough on Piles." Sure cure or itching, protruding, deeding, or any form of Piles. " SOUGH: ON ITCH."—" Bough, on Itch, cures skin, humors, eruptions, ringworm, tetter ealt, trheum, frosted feet, chilblains,, itch, ivy poison barbers' itch. " BOCHU-PAIB A.' —Quiek,complete cures all annoying. Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. At chemists and druggists. Felton Grunwnd(i£ Co.. Aets^ Melbnnrnn. SKTNNT MEN. —"'Wells' Health B. newer" restores .health and vigor, onree, Dyspepsia, Impotence, Sexual Debility. At chemists and druggists. Fdtoo, Grimwade and Co., Agenta, Melbourne 