fpteratae. ACROSS THE BREAKERS. By J. S. FLETCHER, Author of ' With Much Fair Speech,' 'Frank Darisbroke's Stratagem,' 'Old Lattimer's Legacy,' 'Only a Face,' &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK L— SEEDTIME. Chapter L — The Steakgee Arrives. About the year seventeen hundred and sixty there lived In an old house, since pulled down, bub then standing close to the Priory Church of Cartmel, a man who was known to bis neighbors and acquain tances (he had no friends) aa Anthony Fenton. Whether that was his real name or an assumed one no one knew ; but any name la good enough for a man whose antecedents are unknown in the place where he has elected to take up his resi dence. No one knew why Anthony Fen ton had come to live In the old house.at Cartmel ; no one ever discovered how Anthony Fenton obtained his money, of which useful commodity he seemed to hare at least enough to live comfortably upon, and without doing anything In the way of work; no one had succeeded in finding out where Anthony Fenton came from, cor whether he ever Intended to go away. When he first came to Car tmel speculation was exceedingly rife about him ; but when he settled down and people grew familiar with his dark face and uncommon style of dress, the tongues of the Carbmel gossips ceaBed. to wag. and their brains went about to seek some new object of meditation. It was In the autumn of the year 1759 that Anthony Fenton came to Cartmel. To be precise, it was on the 21st day of October, which on that year fell on a Wednesday. It had been a dark, gloomy day. The weather prophets— and in the last century every old man and woman was a weather prophet — had prophesied rain ; but up to 6 o'clock in the evening the rain had kept off. It was dark at 5 o'clock or soon after, for the aun had never come out all day, and Blackcome kept away whatever light he cave as he sank beyond its long, gloomy expanse. The sound of the Priory clock seemed very mournful that dark afternoon. Even the school children ran quickly to their homes, for they were frightened at the general gloom, and some of them had to wilk through eerie lanes to their cot tages. The landlord of the King George sat in his parlor about five o'clock smoking a pipe of tobacco. There was a roaring fire in the old-fashioned grate, and a kettle on the hob hissed and sputtered merrily. The parlor itself was a place of much comfort. There waB old oak in It, which was not thought much of In those days, but which would drive all the dealers of Wardour street crazy with delight If they could but see it. The floor was sanded and the Abigail of the establishment had embel lished the sides and corners with certain helroglyphic scrawls, which she doubtless supposed to be extremely artistic. In place of the bottles of colored water which are arranged in our modern parlors, the parlor of the King George rejoiced In rows of grand old pewter tankards, some of them of terribly capacious dimensions, and large brown earthenware jogs and mugs, corresponding in size to their companions In pewter; Bundles of clean white pipes lay about the table* and little wooden boxes filled with sawdust were placed here and there on the sanded floor for the convenience of smokers. - The landlord drew a long whiff of Vir ginian from bis pipe, and sent It curling up to the ceiling. He was a short stoat man, with a red face/clean shaven ; he wore a wig of a snuff-brown color, and his nose was rather large and rather bulbous. He had a white apron tied round his rotund waist; and beneath the apron appeared a thick pair of short legs, clothed in brown knee- breeches and greyish-blue stockings. Although It was but little after five o'clock the landlord had taken off his shoes and put on hlfl clippers. The shoes stood against the wall, aad they had a pair of real silver buckles on them When the landlord had puffed out his mouthful of smoke he leaned back In his chair, sighed, and felt with his left hand for a tankard which stood on the table at his side. Having found this he lifted it to the level of his mouth, sodded solemnly to a man who sat at the opposite side of the fire, and drank slowly and appre ciatively — 'Your health, Master ThornthwaitV' said the landlord. The other man remembered that he also had a tankard at his elbow. He found It presently and raised It to his mouth. ' Your health. Master Woodburn,' said he. 'Very nice ale— oh, very nice.' 'No better,' asserted the landlord, ' between here and — and London.' He said London because he could think just then of no place more distant. 'As for London ale,' he went on, after another minute or two, during which he puffed at his pipe, ' I have no opinion of it. Have you been to London, Master Thornthwalte V 'No, no,' said Master Thornthwaite, horror-struck at the idea. 'No, sir, surely!' ' Nor me,' said the landlord. ' ' Foreign travel Is what I have never held with. Says I, 'If Providence places you In a fair spot, stop there.' ' ' Very true, Master Woodburn ; very true, sir.' ' I have, however,' said the landlord, ?'tasted the London ale. A friend of mine once brought me some in a bottle. It was trash, bIt, trash — nothing more !' ' Dear me,' said Master Thornthwalte, ' I should have thought the ale in London would have been good. The King, sir — will he drink It ?' 'The King drinks wine, sir — only wine,' said the landlord. 'Ah !' said neighbor Thornthwalte. 'Yes,' continued the landlord. 'I remember somebody else, too, who was fond of a glass of good wine, sir, You re member the '45, Master Thornthwaite ?' As Master Thornthwalte was about GO years of age, and the '45 was only four teen years back, it would have been strange If he had not remembered that stirring time. 'Yes, sir,' he answered. ,'Yes, Blr, Dear — dear 1' 'Ay,' sighed the landlord. ' A fins young man, neighbour ; a fine young man !' ' Do you think [he was the— the King, sir?' aaked Master Thornthwalte. Master Woodbum took a pull at his pipe and coughed discreetly. ' Here's the King's health,' he said, with a long draught of the tankard, ' whether he's over the water or on this side of it, Master Thornthwalte. It won't affect you and me much.' Master Thornthwaite rubbed Mb hands, and drank the King's health. ' No, sir, no, that it won't. The King —and long may he live, sir.' While Master Thornthwalte was lifting the tankard to his lipB a heavy foot came up the pasaage to the parlor. ' Who's coming ?' said the landlord. ' It's a heavy foob,' said Master Thorn thwalte: 'It must.bs^the miller, or else it'a Simon.' - ' Nay,' said Master Woodbum, ' It's not the miller, and It's too heavy fox Simon. Besides, whoever it is he doesn't know the way.' The footstep had passed. The landlord got up and threw open the parlor door, In the gloom of the passage, with the darkness outside forming a sort of lighter background against him, stood a man who seemed to be looking for a door. 'Come ln,rslr,' cried the landlord cheerily. 'It's rather dark there, but we've a cheery fire here that'll do your heart good to see. This way, sir.' The stranger advanced Into the parlor and perceiving Master Thornthwalte made a courteous bow. 'Servant, air/' said Master Thorn thwalte. ' Very unpleasant weather, sir.' The stranger again bowed, and then seating himself in a chair facing the fire he rested Mb face upon his hand and looked into the red ashes as though he were endeavoring to read some story there. He seemed to be a man of forty or forty two years of age. He was tall, well built, rather portly ; his face waB dark and clean shaven, the forehead was high and broad, and there were lines across it which told of care and thought, If not of actual trouble. His hair was long and worn pretty much In the fasMon of a wig ; Ib was tied at the back with a piece of black ribbon. He was dressed entirely In black and over his arm he carried a huge black cloaK wMch he had evidently taken off on entering the Inn. His linen was very white and good, and In his cravat he wore a mag nlficent gold brooch. Altogether he waa a very noticeable man. ? As the stranger sat staring abstractedly Into the fire Masters Thornthwalte and Woodburn looked at each other over his head and exchanged words and winks which being translated meant ' Who is he ?' After a few minutes, during which Master Woodbum had twice enquired what his honor was pleased to desire, the stranger looked up. 'Ah, so you are the host, eh?' he said. 'At your honor's service,' answered the landlord, with a bow. 'TMs village is called Cartmel, I think?' ' 'It is, sir,' said Master Woodburn. *' You have a famous old priory church here, I believe?' ' Not a stone's throw away, sir,' said the landlord. ' You will hear the chimes, sir, In one moment.' In point of fact the chimes just then began to tell the hour of six. ' This worthy man, sir,' said the land lord, indicating Master Thornthwalte with a wave of his hand, ' is the sexton of the church.' 'At your service, sir,' said Master Thornthwaite, with many bows. ' Happy to Bhow you round, sir, to-morrow if your honor remains overnight.' ' Thanks, my good friend. Overnight I must remain. Landlord, I will have some food.' ' Your honor shall be served at once,' answered the host, who had been much Impressed by the stranger's appearance. ' What will your honor 'take ?' ' Nay,' Baid the stranger with a Bmile, ' what can you give me ?' Master Woodburn considered a while. ' Certainly,' he remarked, with a de precatory cough, ' the larder is nob over well stocked at this time of the year. What fays your honor to some cold beef In prime cat, half a fine bird which has hung a fair time in our cellar, a slice of one of my wife's famous game pies, a tart of apples and blackberries, and a bobtle of good wine ?' 'Capital,' answered the 6tranger. 'Bring them alL' 'The private room shall be prepared for your honor,' said Master Woodburn. ' I will order a fire to be lighted there at once.' ' No, no,' said the stranger. ** I shall do rery well here, master, landlord. I haw a dislike of ypur private room ; it will be cold, and probably very gloomy ; and I like not cold nor gloom. Now, here Is a grand, merry fire, a cosy room, and good company. So serve the meal here.' 'Certainly, bIt,' Bald Master Wood burn, proceeding to call lustily for can dles and for more wood for the fire. ' Your honor Is very condescending.' The host proceeded to set oub a small table near the fire for his guest's refec tion, glancing ever and anon at the stranger's dress, his gold brooch, and the buckles of his shoeB. V Your, honor will require a sleeping chamber?' aaked Master Woodburn after ' an Interval of silence. 'Yes,' said the stranger. 'I must sleep here to-night. ' 'It shall be prepared, Bir, with due care.' 'The roads, sir, hereabouts are very bad at this season,9' remarked the sexton presently. ' Very filthy, sir,' said the stranger. ' Bless me !' cried the landlord sud denly, 'I forgot your honor's horse.' The stranger looked at the landlord with a suspicious gleam of the eye. 'Your honor, of course took it to the stable before ccming in. That was right. Our Btable is famous from here to Carlisle. No better along all the coast.' ' I brought no horse,' said the stranger quietly. ' Then your honor must have walked from the coach?' asked the host curiously. The stranger, however/waa looking into the fire again, and either did not hear the landlord's question or pretended nob not to hear it. He sab staring ab the embers, while the sexton and Master Woodburn winked at each other across his unconscious head. The landlord buBtled about, and in a few minutes the table was set with a mound of cold sirloin of beef, the half of a plump pheasant, and the game pie of which mine host had spoken so highly. A bottle of venerable appearance kept watch over the eatables, and a tart of apples and blackberries stood warming on the hob by the fire. 'If your honor will please to dine,' said Master Woodburn, 'the dinner is ready.' The stranger looked up and glanced at the table. His eye brightened and he rose from Ms seat. ' I will say good-night to you, Master Woodburn,' said the sexton, rising from the settle in the chimney corner, ' and to you, sir.' 'What, going?' asked the stranger. ' Nonsense, man. The nlghb. is not be gun yet. Stop and try a slice of beef or a bit of the game pie. I warrant me they are both good. Come, our host will join us, I know. I Invite you both. Fetch some more plates and knives, landlord. 'Tis dull work eating and drinking alone.' ' It is Indeed,' eaid the sexton, with a sigh. *' I have been a lone man these ten years, sir, and I can agree with you In that. Since my poor wife waB laid in the churchyard there I have taken my bite and sup by myself day out and day in.' ' Then the more reason why you Bhould begin to be social now,' said the stranger. ' Come, master landlord, Bit down, don't be bashful. You shall carve for us. Bat firBt fill us one of those great jugs with your best brew, I'll warrant me you've some fine ale in these parts.' ' Your honor Is very kind,' answered tbe proud landlord, rising to fill his biggest jug and setting three pewter tankards on the table. ' I make bold to Bay your honor will find no finer ale than this between here and the end of the world !' The stranger drained a tankard and nodded in sign of approval. Then he set to work on a huge slice of cold beef, and ate with the air of one who has not broken his fast for a whole day. He was too much engaged with his food to talk much, but every now and then he pressed his companions to eat, and at his request Master Woodburn filled the brown jug more than once. He rapidly rose In the landlord's estimation by his exMbltlon as a trencherman, and Master Thornthwalte marvelled that one man could eat so much at one time. 'And now, my ft lends,' said tbe stranger when he had fully satisfied his craving for food, ' let us try the quality of our silent acquaintance here. Ah, there ate few sounds pleasanter than the pop of a cork ! Tblslwlne has laid long in your cellar, landlord ?' 'It has Indeed, sir; that wine was saved, your honor, from the Scotch force wMch passed through here on Its way to Lancaster in 1745.' ' :Tis very good,' said the stranger. ' I drink your health, master landlord. I don't know your name.' '?Geoffrey Woodburn,' said the land lord, bowing, ' at your honor's service.' 'Your health, then, good Master Woodburn, and yours too, my worthy friend,' turning to the sexton. 'How do they call you ?'J 'John Thornthwaite, sir,' answered the sexton. 'John Thornthwaite — also at your service.'' 'Thornthwaite, eh % If I mistake not that is a real Cumbrian name.' ' It is, sir. There have been Thorn thwaites ever since I can remember,' said the sexton, uttering a truism uncon sciously. ' You seem dull here, Master Geoffrey,' remarked the stranger presently. ' We have few guests, your honor, ex cept when the farmers come in. But to night, It being stormy, they will remain In their bouses.' 'Stormy, is it?' said the stranger. 'Ah, I hear the noise of the rain now. Well, we are comfortable here, gentlemen, atanyrtte.' ' Will your honor smoke a pipe of tobacco ?' asked Master Woodburn. 11 With pleasure, mine host. But stay, I will give you some tobacco myself. This,' he went on, producing a packet of the fragrant weed, 'Is the genuine article, worth its weight in gold. Fill your pipes, good Masters Woodburn and Thornthwalte, and we will open another bottle.' If the stranger's object was to create a good ImpreBslon, he certainly succeeded. By the time the Priory clock had sounded the hour of 10 the landlord and the Bexton had conceived a firm affection for their new acquaintance. They vowed that he could smoke with Harry Graham the miller, drink with Simon Oldland the blacksmith, and tell tales with Blind Willie the bedesman* Again, he was nob chary of his orders, and Master Wood burn had to fetch a good many bottles of his beBt wine before the company eepatated. Under the Influence of the generous grape Master Thornthwalte waxed eloquent, and told the stranger of the treasures of the Priory ; of the black-letter Bible, ln-six volumes, printed in Basle in 1502, of the copy of St. Thomas Aquinas, also In black letter, printed in Vienna in 1509, of the u Faerie Qaeene,' of the 'Virgil,' of the Foxe's 'Boke of Martyrs,' and of the quaintly carved mhereres. Then mine host related a wonderful ghost story of the Priory, and the stranger fallowed with a pirate story of the Spanish Main. All this time the landlord and the sexton were In Ignorance of their companion's name and business. They were dying to know, and each gave out hints of their curiosity. But the stranger gave no re sponse In answer to these hints. From his conversation it appeared that he had travelled a great deal fend seen much of the world. Finally, Master Woodbum set him down as a traveller who was vislt irg their own- out- of- the- way region for mere pleasure. 'Your honor has been evidently attracted by our bold scenery?' he ven tured-to Bay, '..,.'. . The stranger puffed put a cloud of smoke .aodnoddedv.'.-. '..,;,???.?,..-?,?.?.- ' ? ' I have heard of Ifc,' he answered. : ' Jour honor will perhaps stay a while among va,' BaH;ths iexton. ... ':?? -'-Can't say.''; ? ' r/ ? -? ? '?' ' ? :- ' - . Further than that he wouldnot go, but ere- they separated he «0d them his name, i'I am called Anthony Fenton/' he said ; 'who I am or «fcat I am matters; to no one but me. My time Is my own, and whatever I get I pay for— and pay for well and readily. So my good Master Woodburn you know all there Is to tell, and you will oblige me, while I am among yon, by asking nothing farther. And now I'll go to my bed.' Thus did Anthony Fenton come to Cartmel. It was never known how he got there ; he had not ridden on horseback, nor had he come by the coach. It was ab last decided that he must have walked from the coast three miles away, having been landed there by a boat. To Master Woodburn'« surprise and pleasure he Temained at the King George or some days. He walked about the country in the daytime and spent the autumn evenings In the parlor of the Inn making friends of the frequenters. He said no more of himeelf, however, and everyone was looking for Ms departure, when there came the startling news that the stranger had taken the old house by 4ihe churchyard. He had been and looked ab It, seen the agent of the landlord to whom It belonged, and finally taken It on a lease of some years. What he Intended to do now that he had got It the simple folk of Cartmel could not make out. Anthony Fenton, however, had two rooms In the old house fibbed up with simple furniture, manufactured by the local joiner, and when this was done he took up his quarters In It much to the regret of Master Woodburn. He kept no servant, he ate his meals for awhile at the inn, then he began to -sook for Mmself, and only came to the King George now and then. Sometimes he was absent from Cartmel for weeks together, bub no one saw Mm go away and none saw Mm come back. He was, taking Mm altogether, a very mysterious personage. One of Ms peculiarities the Carbmel people never quite gob over. He was hail fellow-well-met with everybody at the inn, his money was spent freely for the good of the company, and he would drink and smoke with any one, but he never on any pretence whatever admitted any of his acquaintances to enter Ms house, and It was a well-known fact that from the day of his entering upon its occupancy no other person ever at acy time so much as crossed the threshold. 