BETWIXT THE ' FORELANDS. \ BY W. CiARK RUSSELL, Author of ." The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The .Golden Hope," J1 A Sea Queen,' &Ci;» &o;, gPabllsheil by Bpeolai arrangement with the author!' All rlghta reserved.] ; CHAPTER IS.-(Continued.) Figure a wet day-a cold wind, a nasty increasing wobble on the face of tie river as ft broadens, upon which the hoy, close hauled, tumblea Btupldly, and thirty holiday-makers down below, moat of them sea sick. I have heard old people say that amongst' the moBt dejected and forlorn figures they ever remember were pas sengers they have seen stepping aBhore at Margate out of the bowels of a hoy, the hair of the women dishevelled, their dresses is disorder, their bonnets awry, their counte nances of a sickly; yellow; men's hats crushed, collars limp and broken, cravats and small clotheB as though there had been a free fight In the cabin. It could hardly have been otherwise, indeed, unless the weather was very fine and the gale that blew the old tub to her port fresh, lasting, and obstinately prosperous. For the master of the hoy was a man who made nothing of his ground-tackle. When ihfe wind drew ahead he let go his Ills anchor, and would He perhaps for some . twenty-four hours In the heart of a Beach, or away down at the Nore, heed less of the execrations which rose In half-smothered accents through the little companion hatch. No! You want to Uvea long way off from a vessel of this iind to find any sort of romance In her navigations. Charles Lamb,. to be sure, celebrates her memory in one of the most agreeable of his . essays. It was enough, however, that she should have teen a vanished though a recent condi tion of life to provoke the affectionate sympathy of Ella. Probably he would have found nothing to say about her had she been some exquisitely moulded struc ture, some such choice and lovely ex pression^ the skill of the shipwright as you may find whitening the waters of the Solent in the summer time. But the hoy was old j she was ugly, slow, homely; and Lamb's heart yearned when he thought of her. Can I forgot thee, thou old Margate hoy," he crlea, " with thy weather-beaten, sunburnt captain, and his rough accommo dations-ill-exchanged for the foppery and fresh water nlceness of the modern steam packet ?. To the winds and waves thou commlttedst thy goodly freightage, and didst ask no aid of magic fumes, and spells, and boiling caldrons. With the galeB of heaven thou wentest swimmingly; or, , when it was their pleasure, stood still with Bailor-like patience. Thy course was natural, not forced, as in a hotbed; nor didst thou go poisoning the breath of ocean with sulphurous smoke-a great sea chimera, chimneying and farnaclng the deep; or Uker to that fire god parching up Scamander." A pity he did not let this Btand without that Bly reference, so to Bpeak, a little farther on, where, humorously grimacing as it were, as he utters himself, he speaks of " the confinement of thy else (truth to say) not very savory nor very Inviting little cabin." For my part, I am lost in wonder when I consider the various Ills which the passenger by S9a .in old days was forced to endure, and the surprising patience and fortitude which enabled him to sur vive them. We grumble in these days ?when we discover that one of Charles Lamb's smoke-creating abominations ex ceeds by ten mlnuteB her regulated time for making the passage of twenty-eight or thirty miles at a speed of some eighteen knots In the hour. Such tardiness is a sad outrage, not in any degree to be. softened to our resentment by a glance round as at the luxury of the saloons, the . elegance of the sleeping cabin, the con veniences of the first-class hotel, nor by consideration of a navigation as safe as a walk from one room to another. But think of the old hoy traveller-one of a parcel of human herrings squeezed Into temporary Bhapelessiies in an interior aB delicate for Its aromas, as cheerful for its illumination- as the rat-haunted fore peak of a wooden sailing ship! Why, you will read of theBe hoys sometimes occupy* Ing a week In "turning" down the river and arriving at Margate. There wB3 always the chance of their being blown Into the Downs, to strain for several-days at their cable In a seaway too ugly to suffer the passengers to land, As a Bet-off to LamV3 dainty drawing let me give you some ptrticalara of the loss of a hoy that was wracked off the Re culvers, February 7, 1802. She wa3 a vessel named the Margate, and was owned in ttiat town. When Bha sailed for Lon don she was loaded deep with corn, and carried 28 passengers basidea a crew of four men. Imagine yourself one of eight-and-twenty passengers oa board a craft of, let me say, 30-tons, with so much corn In the hold that the vessel looks- as flat as a board upon the water, the weather with an ngly suggestion of equallaln the windward-gloom, and the captain moving. sulkily -about with, "a dull countenance" that "seemed to In dicate a presentiment of the succeeding calamity !" It was ab 3. o'clock on the afternoon of a Saturday that this little deep-laden Margate hoy started for the River Thames. She' was scarcely .tinder ?weigh when the wind .headed her, whereupon the captain < let go his anchor within a mile of Margate. The vessel thus-lay till 8 jo'clock, by which time the. tide had Blackened, though it still rippled wlbh some weight against the. broad, round; bows of the craft. The gloomy master, however, finding that It was " coming on to blow," as sailors say, resolved on a fresh start. The -wind was dead on Bhore, rising In moaning gusts, every puff breez ing up harder and harder yet. The night besides was a black one, and icy cold to boot. It was tack and-tack with the hoy for some time, the vossel plunging heavily upon the bow sea and the passengers below sick and wretched. On a sudden, whilst In stays, she struck just off the Recul vera. Again the anchor' waa let go, and the tide making she presently rode afloat. Then they weighed afresh, but in making sail It was now blowing a hard gale of wind the jlbsheet parted -and the leeBheet became unhooked. The master sprang forward to help get the jib In, .when plump i she took the ground again, trembling, like a;jerry- bnilfc house to the passage of a huge waggon. In a moment the rudder waa unshipped, and then of course the miserable old hoy was unmanageable. They tried to make sail on her to run her ashore, but the.un*. governable tnb, rounding broadside to the. sea, sank, and every billow rolled over her as if she had been a half-tide rock. The sailors seized a tarpaulin and covered the hatch that the passengers -who filled the cabin below might not be drowned out of hand, but the water speedily found lbs way In. " When the cabin was pretty deep John Wood, one of the mariners, drew up a female, btit the seas being very heavy he could not keep his hold with one hand in border to assist her with the other; he therefor a grasped with both and let down his foot among the straggling Victims, /which was presently seized by one of them whose hand he caught hold of, hoping to rescue the almost dying creature from the jaws of death; but the waters swelling higher with every rolling sea he lost his. hold, and was obliged to relinquish his generous efforts, and abandon the rest of . the drowning sufferers to their dismal fate In order to provide for his own safety." What followed submits such a picture of misery and suffering that it Is impos sible to glance at It without rejoicing, in defiance of Charles Lamb's engaging lamentation, over the niter extinction of the hoy as a passenger ship, and the sub stitution of fine iron steamers of hard upon a thousand tons, swift, roomy, of a -liberal hospitality, gaily lighted, scornful of most weathers this side the living gale. In a short while the hull waa like a great coffin full of dead people. As sad an incident as may anywhere be foundIn the annals I notice here in the desperate, wonderful efforts of a man to preserve his wife's life; how he secured her by his side ; held, and embraced, and comforted her; how, just as she had cried aloud to him, " Oh, my dear, what will become of our.children?" she was swept by a sea Into the blackness over the raU. Twenty three people perished. In is said that the vessel was pumped out, floated, and navigated to Margate a couple of days after her stranding. She was then sailed to London to undergo athoroughrepalr.. Waa she ever entered on the 1Mb again as a Margate passenger boat, I wonder 2 If so, we may take it her owner changed her name, for there were more superstitions current in those days than there are now, and those Interested in her might guess it would be hard to court people into shipping aboard a craft the atmosphere of whose hold was astir with the ghosts of thei miserably drowned and whoBe cabin; was as a monument for the perpetuation of one of the most dismal, most sickening, . of the memories of this coast. But let the hoy pass on, and make way for another vanished type-this time the fruiter, one of the most graceful of the creations of the old shipyard, a true ocean beauty, as all men who remember her In her prime will own-one of the few fabrics that veritably walked the waters like a thing of life. She was punctual In her passage through the Downs, rarely bringing up, for her busi ness was to thrash through It and out weather any sort of wind that might chance to blow. I have heard of a fruiter "ratching" through the Downs In the teeth of a hard gale, washing along In a smother under storm-reefed canvas, 'boutlng ship till the broad Atlantic lay under her bow, then rushing It to the Azores, filling up with dried and golden fruit and sweeping home again; and as she sped through the Downs finding the same ships at anchor which she had left there when passing on her run out. They had to be swift, those fruiters, they had to carry the fastest heels of any.kind of vessels then afloat, or they were worthless. Their business waB to load In the main with perishable freights, and If they were to earn money for their owners they could | never be too nimble. The necessity of speed | rendered beauty of moulding an obliga- j tion, and so the fruiter was choice to the eye not for any kind of ginger-bread glory of gilt or glass, but for her piratical sheer and sweep of hull, for her lofty schooner rig, for the faultless fit and vwst spread of her canvas. She traded chiefly to the Mediterranean and to the western islands. Steam put an end to her, for speedy as canvas may prove under twenty out of thirty conditions of weather, yet the obstinate unwearying beat of the propeller thrusting the uncouth nose ahead of it into a wind and sea that may be dead on end Is bound to win the race.. Besides the merit that belongs to her of providing us with oranges, raisins, and the like with a dispatch that steam has n.ot greatly beaten, the fruiter must be allowed the distinction of having proved as noble a nursery for seamen as the Forth Country coaster. It filled a man with just the right sort of dare-devlllsm, with just the rash and eager spirit and quality of headlong intrepidity which go to the creation of the real deepwafcer Jack to make a voyage in one of these craft-and to the western Islands rather than to the Mediterranean. Nothing was suffered to stop her ; her Bklpper foamed her through a storm that would heave a llne-of-battle Bhlp to. I was acquainted with a man who had served some years aboard fruiters from the Mersey and the Thames, and he would tell me that in heavy weather in the Atlantic he has again and again come on deck and scarcely been able to see the vessel for the froth flying over her, and for the white waters between her rails, as she was urged on wards under spray - darkened canvas, cleaving the brow of one huge Atlantic billow after another, leaping from the stagnation of the livid valley to the cream ing peak of the liquid acclivity as though she were some ocean born thing as the eeablrd Is, day after day passing ships hove to, then striking soundings in triumph, and blowing like the shadow of a cloud up the Channel, and round the Forelands to the river to her berth at Freshwharf. 