Published every Thursday. Labor Omnia Vincit. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19Th. The Northcote justices have. by their decision on Monday struck the key note that alone will sound the knell of rowdyism. The Press have in various places and on innumerable occasions lamented the short-sighted policy that has shown itself in the light sentences inflicted upon youths whose excesses have been of a pronounced aggressive character. The fines that sometimes follow lawless acts perp3trated by the practice of what has become known as larrikinism are not in any way cal culated to diminish the force that brings about the offence or deter the offender, for he is generally in a posi tion to pay the money, and if he is not he has friends at his back to pay it for him. When a small fine is recorded, it has a two-fold effect: it makes the fault less dear to the perpetrator than it should be. and, worse still, it does not appear, in the eyes of those with a tendency to err,. a very serious iteim. But when a large sum is set down, even though the culprit himself may be a hardened criminal and able to pay it, or willing to go to gaol, the novice is at once made to realise that his pranks may lead him to such, and in many cases a curb will be used upon his tendencies, so that, though he may. not altogether abandon the paths of vice, he will be less reckless i:i his behaviour. The parents of wayward sons, too, will see in the big sentences a warning that will turn their atten tion to the guidance of their lads and a closer observation over their (rays. The hand that .rocks the cradle is said to wield a power in the world, and, it may be added, that'power is one that shapes the destiny, makes or mars the man, a power if not in capable hands that assuredly will not help on the good, but may cultivate the evil in him, and leave him, like a rudderless ship, to toss upon the shoals of mis fortune. Firmness from parents and sternness from the, bench will reduce the roll of larrikins if consistently observed. Councillor Rushall when presenting the Library Committee's report to the Fitzroy City Council on Monday night. informed the members that the library would be opened again to the public after renovation and the many Improvements that have been made, when the holidays were over. The date fixed will be seen by our advertising columns to be January the 16th 1890. On Tuesday morning early the.night patrol in Smith-street discovered that the premises of Mr. A. Levien were on fire. A communi cation was at once sent to the fire brigade, and the men on patrol set about arousing the inmates and neighbours. But for the promp. titude the fire might have been attended with loss of life for the occupants had barely time to escape through the upper windows, and along the verandah in their night dresses. Their attention was at first attracted by see ing the smoke issuing from the roof. The practice indulged in by owners of property, namely, burning rubbish, is one that not only causes annoyance, but is likely to cause a false alarm and call the firemen out on a fool's errand. At Preston, fires may frequ'ently be seen in different quarters athnight, and it would be well if the Council took steps to cause persons intending to burn to give notice so that the firemen and the public may not be put to inconvenience. A very amusing incident cropped up in the Collingmwood Court on Tuesday, when Octavia Lane appeared in answer to a summons to show cause why she should not contribute towards the support of her boy, who had been sent to the schools. It came out that the boy had only stayed one night in the schools, and had found his way home, where he had been kept ever since. Any person passing by the Fitzroy police court on Monday must have been struck by the number of Indians who had assembled round the doors and in the passages. The court was nearly filled by these swarthy gentlemhen who appeared to apply for new licenses, or the renewals of old ones. The variety of head dress, and indeed general apparel, in the crowd was very extensive. There were smoking caps, plain and fancy, silk crewelled and gold braided. There were turbans, like long bed sheets coiled in strange folds round about their heads, and others like bath towels; many were white some where black. Their jackets included every style and patteirn that ever came from a tailor's shop. They had -traight jackets of tweed, of holland, and of silk; some appeared to be clerical in cut, others wereracy. One or two had: on military jumpers. ..The men were for the: most: dart of very fine physique and :a thorough military bearing that suggested what uselfulmmen they would be in the field. There were two interpreters in court and the Indians to the number of eighty appeared in turns and answered the necessary ques tions - Some appeared to have been schooled in :their answers when they followed each other, a' dozen in number, with the answer " that they had only been two months in the colony. It was necessary to closely observe the men, as it has been re ported that several' have deseirted from. ohne of the ships in the bay and it isfjquite likely that they will be found in the ranks of the hawkers.; ' The aninual meeting of the Crbche Society was held'in No.10 Room at the Town Hall, on Friday afternoon, the Rev. Dr. Strong (president) occupying'the chair. - The com mittee reported that it was just a year since the Social Improvement Society handed over the creche to a new body, to be'called the Crdche Society. By the formation of ~the new society it had: been hoped that.a wider interest and larger support would be secured to Collingwood Creche, and that it 'might be found possible to extend the field of opera tions into other districts. The result, as far as Collingwood Criche was concerned, had been very satisfactory, the subscriptions in money and donations of other descriptions having largely increased, but not sufficiently. to justify the committee in starting a crxche elsewhere. There was a balance of over £100 but as the income was to'a large extent de pendent on voluntary subscriptions,- and therefore rather uncertain, that balance may be required' to defray the expenses of the coming year. The Cambridge-street premises were in many respects very unsuitable; but at present 'the committee did not see their way to getting better. The committee were well satisfied with the management of the institution, and visitors had expressed their satisfaction at the clean, well-cared-for ap pearance of -the children. ' Owing to the" exertions of the Spinners' Club, and the Misses Greig, who had made up so many garments for the children, and of other kind friends who had sent donations of clothing, the children were well and comfortably clothed. The following record shows the number of children for twelve months :-In December, 1881, 343; January, 1889, 362; February, 361 ; March, 394 ; April, 309 ; May, 384 ; June, 277; . July, 293; August, 357; September, 287 ; October, 340 ; Novem her, 251. Total for the year, 3,958-being an increased attendance of severalhundreds more than last year. Senior-Constable Brosnan and Constable Youlden, of Collingwood, while on duty in Johnston-street, on Sunday morning, heard a disturbance in the yard at the rear of the Council Club Hotel, kept by Patrick Black well.` Looking over the fence, they saw two men' fighting in a formed ring, round which there were several spectators. They at tempted to gain'admittance by the gate, but it was denied them, and when they got in all the persons concerned had dispersed with the exception of a man named Gregory Howe, whom they arrested on a charge of being drunk on licensed premises. He was lodged in the Collingwood watchhouse about 1 a.m., and soon afterwards he commenced to com plain of great pain in his left arm. He ad mitted that he had been one of the men.who were fighting, and stated that he had sustained the injury to his arm in that way. Constable Sparks, wno is a member of the Ambulance Corps, examined the limb, and found that one of the bones was broken. He bandaged it up, and removed the man to the Melbourne Hospital, where he was treated. The process of brain working by which verdicts are arrived at in our police courts is certainly a mysterious and wonderful one, which fact will be borne out any of our readers care to indulge themselves to the extent of a dayin a police court. At Colling wood on Tuesday a man was brought before the stern majesty of the law under a charge of assault. A poor pale faced woman gave evidence, apart from her verbal account, of the treatment she had received, while a club or a heavy pick handle spoke as plainly as her wounds of the danger she had been exposed to. The fellow whose anger had nearly led him into murder, was let off with a forty shillings fine, or failing payment a month's imprisonment. At the same court and on' the same day a half wittcd.fellow was found guilty of stealing fruit from' his neighbour's garden and on being fined forty shillings was told that two months in gaol would do him good for he must be taught to know better, if he could do it. Another man who had vented his spleen upon a woman by striking her in the side and otherwise abus ing her was fined five shillings with fifteen shillings costs, and told by the bench that he must keep his hands off the women. Women, ought to be 'protected froni the Vidoleance of brutal tempers, was the chlio of tlie bench's statement as expressed in words, but the penalities can scarcely be considered as even or commensurate, and are not likely to appal the woman beater in anything like the degree that the fruitbstealing lad was at the annotincement of 'the decision against him. Five pounds was the fine that a woman named Graham had to pay for using obscene lamnguage in Langridge-street or six weeks in prison. In whatever station of life a man may be cat. or in whatever profession or'capacity the judgmnent or social position of his parents may have placed him, he is almost certain to be discontented. If not, he is worthy of the homage of his less favoured fellows, for he wears, as Shakespeare writes, the crown of content, a crown kings seldom enjoy. The youth behind the counter longs for the free dom of an outside occupation; the brick layer's labourer pines for the protection and shelter, with attendant benefits, enjoyed by the tradesman engaged within doors. In another column an effusion will be seen which is an evidence of the existence of one of these unfortunates, but he has apparently got the ear of a publisher, and is able to indulge in flights that his soul loveth--com monly called ink slinging-and poses before an awe-strnck, admuiring circle. of friends as a fill-blown' social reporter.' His coinpbsi tion, for it certainly may' be called one, is remarkable for a lavish use of capital letters without regard to rhyme or reason, and a paucity of punctuating points, with a genu ine disregard to orthography. His liberality in this direction equals that which he exer cises by means of a rubber stamp setting forth his full 'name and address, with the information that he is a social reporter; this he never fails to use as an advertisement on every occasion, and the report received by us is endorsed with the bold mark of his trade. It used to be said that when all else failed a man he would invest in a birch and set up as a schoolmaster, but the genius of our contributor has, in the liberty of the Press, the scope it should have, while, at the same time, the world will reap the benefit of all that Ihis enlightened brain can bestow through the columns of i'society' paper.7 As a guarantee to the sceptical, we are prepared to allow the copy of the unique report in another column,; to be inspected at our office at any time, though on no account will we allow it to leave the office. It is indeed a prize. '. ' " A commercial traveller named William Tait, residing in Charles-street, Northcote, had occasion to visit a friend in Clarendon street, East Melbourne, on Friday morning. He left his horse and buggy outside, and during his temporary absence the property was taken away. About half an hour later a woman named Ellen Pembroke, in company with a girl about nine years of age, was seen driving down Brunswick-street; Fitz roy, in the iuggy, and' near the intersection of King William-street collided with a car. Time collision overturned the buggy, throwing the occupants on to the street. On assistance arriving, it was ascertained that the lady had sustained a severe scalp wound. At her request Constable Sheehan conveyed her to her residence in East Melbourne in the buggy. On arrival at her residence there was no one at home, and the constable con templated taking her to, the hospital, when Mr. Tait came up and claimed the horse ikud vehicle as his property. He further in formed the constable that the horse and buggy had been taken away from Clarendon street, East Melbourne. The constable took the injured woman to the MIelbodnrne Hospital, where she was attended to by Dr. neisdy. s :She appearedto:be :ithdier the influence of liquor, and was taken to the Fitzroy police station, and detained in custody on a charge- of being drunk and illegally using a horse. and buggy.-. The estimated damage done to the horse and vehicle was £10. It is stated that, the. accused is possessed of a considerable biiount of 'property. She was admitted Ito bail shortly afterwards, and will appear before the local court in due course: ý . OnTuesdayafternoon, Mr.Wilkinson, M.L.A Cr. F. R.Bayliss, the Presidentof the Preston Shire Council, and representatives from.the Preston andXNorthcote districts waited on the Railway 2Commissioners, ^aid "'sked that extri'trins might .,be: run-from Preston to .Melbourue-betwien 7 and 9 a.m., and from Spencer-street station to there between 5 and 7 p.m., and also that a train' might be run from Melbourne about 10 p.m. The Commissioners promised to obtain a report on the matter, in order to ascertain whether the traffic- warranted .the requested addi tional trains. The deputation then 'asked .that the fares to and from Preston should be reduced by computing them on; the postal distanice, which is seven miles, iiistead of on the actual length of the line, which is nine miles and a half, owing to the detour wrhich it makes through - Royal Park and North Melbourne. The Commissioners, however, stated that they. could..not.se. their. way clear to comply with this request, as it would lead to similar demands being made by, others.. This twill continue to.; be a point upon which the public will feel that they are. not beingfairly treated, and they,will, it seems, have to submit to the inconvenience of having to break their journey, as the Heidelberg residents have hadto do since they were favoured with a railway. The'diiect rdotedivill alone bring what is waited. The High-street levels were the topic dur ing a part of the Northcote council's business on Friday last. Whenever the subject comes, up it seems to have that effect that ared rag is said to 'have upon mtaurus. Cr.: Dennis alluded to certain statements in a paper The Mercury and claimed that they were not correct. He spoke of amateur surveyors and the folly of people interfereing in a business they do not understand. As a matter of tact we only wrote what we did from the knowledge gained at the council and other public, meetings, and by observation. We have no wish to raise a ghost but simply desire to place public matters in their own true light, and if we are astray at any time it is because the source from which we drawv our observations is troubled, and at the Northiote council meeting of late the waters have been far from still. Cr. Clapham said he was prepared to state by any statements he had made regarding the mistake that had been made in the High-street tram route in upper Northeote. He had spoken to an engineer who supported his belief. Cr. Bast ings had also gone the whole length of the line, to the Junction, but he assured Cr. Smith that he did not indulge when he got to that hotel. He was accompanied by a first class surveyor and he endorsed the present levels. Warm words passed between the members before the subject was allowed to drop. . Cr. Clapham said that while lie had every respect for the surveyor and gave him credit for being very able in the office he did not consider him a capable outside man. Frederick Hofer was charged at the Fitz roy police court on Monday with carrying on a noxious trade and not using the best appli ances to reduce the nuisance created. The inspector gave evidence that on the night of the 15th of November he visited the premises in Rae- street. When some yards from the place he could notice the fumes from the boiling down' operations, and a sickening stench greeted him. He described -the nuisance and the cause of it and suggested what should be used in such a trade to prevent the disagreeable effects. The defen dant told the court that he would make the necessary imnprovements and the bench ac cordingly adjourned the case till the second week in January to give hinm time to do so. Defendant to pay the costs. It is no uncommon thing for petty juries to give absurd verdicts, but from grand juries, consisting as they usually do of a higher class of persons, both as to intelligence and social position and responsibility, one expects some thing better. But perhaps a high degree of intelligence does not prevail in Newington, , London. What will be thought of a gra?nd jury there who threw out a bill against a man who has a very bad record-there being numerous previous convictions, and a pm-imst facde case which induced the presiding Judge to suggest to the jurors to re-consider their decision. They did so, and were so satisfied with their verdict that the foreman initialled the bill'; he misunderstood the action of the jury, though they had found it a true bill, and called the prisoner up to plead. The ruffian, knowing what the police knew about him, both about this and former cases, pleaded guilty-and-begged for mercy. Presently the Judge discovered his mistake, and was compelled to discharge the accused, saying : "You have told us you are guilty, but the jurysay you are innocent. Perhaps they know better." An. inquest was " held on Tuesday by the City Coroner. on the body of the infant that died at Fitzroy under peculiar circumstances. Drs2. Lawrence .aid Fyffe.gave evidence, of the child having been brought to them; the former saw it on 28th of November, and the latter on the 9th inst When taken to Dr. Fyffe's, it was in convulsions and died-on the following day. He gave a certificate to the police to the effect that death had resulted from convulsions. Dr. Maudsley, who made the post-mortem examination; said that death was due to inflammation of the bowels brought about by improper feeding. Evi dence was taken to show that the child had been taken to the police station by Mrs. Parry of 10 King-street; Fitz roy, who said it was left by a girl who had disappeared. .- Mrs. - Thorn re ceived it from Mrs. Parry, and was to receive £5 for the adoption, but owing to the illness of the child it was returned. The inquest was adjourned to enable the detec tive to make further inquires. Th'e:Christmas -numiber of the Australian M.usieal MIagazine i, to land, ind in it is prese?ited a selected and nicely .varied list of musii~al items, fiade up'of songs, mi-chee and ballads. One number "0 Rest in the Lord," Mrendelssohn's music. is alone worth the price of the book. Another favourite song, Wallace's " Scenes that are the brightest," will be welcomed in the book form. The comic side is not forgotten, and the twenty pieces present a very good shillings worth. Two young men wer hldirryimg-ialongiin opposite directions in Smith-street on Friday afternoon at about four o'clock, and when immediately opposite the premises of Mr. Denton, they collided with such force as to place one of them right through.a sheet of glass l2ft.' 7ft.' 6ini.'' Tihe ash that estied startled the whole neighbourhood and caused a crowd to congregate around the spot in a remarkably short space of time. Many valuable articles that were displayed in the window were destroyed by the accident. On account of the holidays the next issue of the Mercury will appear at noon on Tues day, the 24th inst. Professor Sidney Dickinson, M.A., the eminent lecturer who has been specially en gaged .liytthe, New Zealand Government to. deliver his brilliantly illustrated enteitain ment on "Picturesque New Zealand" through the colonies. has just returned to Melbourne to complete his course, and will shortly give a lecture in Collingwood, due notice 'of which will be announced in our next issue. The conclusion that an observer cannot fail to'.arrive'at whetil'lic l6oks" upon. the ,number.of strbng-looking youths who appear before our local courts, is that there must be something wrong in the present order of things. Young fellows who should form the backbone of the country distinguish them selves by intemperance and law-breaking, and stand before the magistrates with an indifferemice that is i?s portentiois as it is out of place. They appear to be able to earn a wvage, in many instances, beyond that an educated clerk derives, and their delight is to spend it in riot and revelry in as short a time as possible, without regard to the feelings of those wlho may be brought in contact with them. He who can suggest a channel into which this exuberance nuay be directed without thie demoranlising influence that now marks it will prove a benefactor to I the creatures themselves and also.to society. 