A Vacant Seat. By fa Author of " Atherstone Orange." CHAPTER IV. (Continued from our last.] The course of true love never does ■ rijn smooth, says the old saw; but it certainly not verified in the case of Hugh Hetheredge and Cecile Bali ng, Nothing could have been smooth er than the few months of their court (hip. There was nothing to think a bout except the arrangements for their wedding tour and Cecile's dresses. She was by no means a Hiodel bride in this respect; she seem ed to think far more of her future husband and his perfections than of her trousseau ; her chaperon could only get her to pay the most per functory attention to what in her eyes as the most important part of the affair. Mr. Dallas was munificent to his daughter. There was enough money settled upon her and her children to satisfy the meet exacting of fathers in-law; and the house the young couple were to occupy was a wedding gift to the bride from henloving fath er. The banker was well night heart broken at the prospect of losing his child: but he was a very Spartan in ; hiding his grief. He folded bis robe over his pain, and smiled at his dar ling's happiness ; but shook his head when Hugh declared that it should not be a separation. She will be close to you, sir, he said; she will be as much your owu Cecile as ever. Nothing can make her that, Mr. Dallas said with a shake of his head. It's against nature So she does not forget her old father, I'm content. 1 ain glad you are content te give her to in*'. Hugh said warmly. Will you do it this year Mr. Dallas? T want to claim ln-r on Christtnap Eve. Christmas Jive? That is very close now, 1 grant it, hut it will please my mother, and my father too. I want to dispel some of the gloom that has hung over us at Estermere for the last two years. Christmas has been very sad, and my mother suggested that uiy wedding might help us to forget the sorrow. Mr. Dallas could only repeat that it tvas very soon, hut in his heart he was almost glad; he had really lost Ceeile already, and the actual parting would be no more to bear than this weary anticipation of it. So when the Earl catne to talk the matter over with him, and told him that his in ; valid wife had an idea that haying the marriage at Christmas would help to briug her elder son home and bright en him up a little, he consented, and let matters take their own way. Lord Estermere was commuuicated with, and promised to come home: lie was told that the wedding was to be at the. end of the year, but not the exact date. It was on Christmas Eve that poor Lady Alice had died, and they left it for him to learn from his mother. His own wedding seemed to be unaccountably postpon «<i. There was no hurry certainly ; the lady was young and rich, and her parents did not care for parting with her. Her father had been offered another post of importance that! would keep him abroad if he chose to stay there, and the arrangements for his daughter's wedding were nec essarily in abeyance. The bride groom, elect was by no means im patient. There is time enough, he wrote, when his father enquired how matters atood. Lady Hilda and I understand each other. You need not fear any thing happening this time to break it off. 1 don't think I need, was the Earl's comment on this letter. It is all too matter of fact to be likely to be brok en of. Lady Hilda knows quite well what she is about. She values p'^ition, and she is no fool. She is n"t particularly amiable, she has a teirtpcr, and 1 don't think anyone eiie w ill oouie in the way. Lord Estermere came home duti fully for hia brother's wedding, and Hugh promptly declared himself jeal ous. His brother had evidently fall en in love- with Cecite. He seemed greatly attracted by the young girl. She impressed him as no one else had done since the death of Lady Alice. There was a certain similarity between them not in feature or figure, but in manner and voice; and his future Bister-in-law soon iound that she had a curious influence over him that would win him from his darkest moods and' brighten him up when he was most depressed. Cecile was rather afraid of the stern, elder brother; she secretly and in ber own mind thought that he was a little mad! There Were times when there was a wild fierce look in his eyes, as if he were looking back at something in his past life that was not pleasant, or forward to some thing that heJ dreaded. She once came upon him when she was spend ing a few days at Ester mere, walking up and down a room with clenched hands and wild eyes, muttering to himself between his shut teeth His face was very white, and the hand she ventured to touch was cold and clam my. Lord Estermere, she said timidly. He started and stopped, and glared at her furiously. How dare you watch me, he almost shouted, and realising who it was, his anger vanished in an instant. Oh, is it you, little sister ? he said in a gentler tone. I did not know, Did I say anything rude to you ? Oh, no, she replied. I thought you were ill. So I am, child; heart-sick, hopeless. I wish it was bodily illness that would kill me, arid seaid me to rest iu the praye. I should not be missed. Yes you would, Cecile Baid quietly, slipping her hand into his cold one, aud Unking up into his face with pitying eyes.- We should all miss you—your father and Hugh, and I should miss you, for you have been very kind to me ; and your mother, Lady E*termere, think how she would miss you. 1 Poor mother, he said, his tone all softened now. I think she would; and yet I have never been anything but a trouble to.her. How long have you been here, Cecile? I dont think I am alwayR quite myself, what have I been saying. Not a word that anyone would make out, Cecile said. You were muttering a little, that was all. I should not have disturbed you, only you looked so ill. You are a sweet little comforter. I am going to make you very angry with me, Cecile. How? I cannot come to your wedding, child. 1 Not come to our wedding, my lord ! Why not ? When you leave off calling me my lord, in that stiff'fashion f will talk to you, he said, with a smile that was very wan and weary. 1 am Harold, your brother; or if you like Estermere better, say it, but leave out the title if you care for me, and I think you do. Indeed I do, very much, Cecils said, artlessly. I will call you what ever you like. But why cannot you come to our wedding ? Hugh will be so dissappointed, and so shall I, and so will everybody else. I am very sorry.but it is Christmas Eve, the night she died.—my poor Alice. You know all about it; my mother toid me so. Yes, 1 know. And it was the night—But I must not speak of it' or 1 shall go mad— mad. Child, look at me. All the fiends of hell are let loose on me on Christmas Eve. I am fit company for no one. IcouldnotstaHdiu a church and listen to a priest calling down blessings on anyone. His words would turn to curses if he saw me there. 1 He was pacing the room again as he spoke, and caught sight of Cecile's white, terrified iace. Ah, 1 have frightened you again, he said. Leave me alone, little one;] am best by myself when these brutal uioods come over me, as they do some times. I will talk to Hugh and my father about the wedding, I shall be with you in ,heart, if not in bodily presence. He took hold of her hands, and drew her close to him, and pressed his lips on her forehead—a brotherly kiss that had such sadness in it, that Ce cils covered her face with her hands, and cried when he had gone out of the room ; and Hugh came and found her wrth the tears wet upon her face. I won't have it! he said impetuous ly, when Cecile had told him most re luctantly what had made her cry. I shall give Estermere a bit of my mind. It is bad enough to have him here making a death's head of himself, amT turning the house into a sort of mourning establishment for his Bins. I won't have you worried and fright- j ened. He must be mad. I think he is in some great trouble, Cecile said gently, and that only gen tleness and care will help him out of it. Do not say anything to him, dear. It will all come rigbt except about the wedding. Tou will have to get an other best man, Hugh. , I don't mind that so much, Hugh > said, except for what people will say. | It will look so odd for Estermere to be iu England, and not at the wed ding. It will right itself somehow, Cecile said. And it did. Lord Estermere caught a cold. At least that was what the doctor said. At any rate he fell into such a state of weakness be fore the day appointed for the wed ding that there was no question of his ; being out of doors at all. Lady Brimblecombe was brought to London to see her darling boy married, and a crowd of fashionable relations filled the church when the bauker's daught er stood at the altar to "give her hand with her heart in it to the man she loved. There was not a hitch to inar the pleasant festivities, and the Countess forgot what anniversary it was, and looked radiantly happy by her husband's side. She was well enough to sit at the table and hear thein all bid the bride " God speed " when she went away. The news from Estermere was good; her eldest son was getting better again, and would be able to see some of the people who would be about on Christmas Day. Everybody at E«termere was to be feasted and made much of in honour of Hugh's wedding, and on New Year's Day the Earl and Countess would be amongst them themselves, and there was to be high revel for a week. Telegrams came every day telling them of their son's state; the Earl had a fear that he dared not ex press that Lord Estermere's mind was off its balance somehow, and there was one passage in a letter that he receiv ed fro in his steward that troubled him not a little. " Haynes (Lord Estermere's man) tells me that his master has walked in his sleep these last two nights. He seems very well in himself, and super intended the packing of the Indian cabinet with much interest. It is sent off most carefully covered and fastened. His lordship helped to do it. Except that he looks weary and pale, the sleepwalking does not seem to affect him, but Haynes tells me that be follows him for an hour at a stretch from room to room. He al ways appears to be looking for some thing be has put away, and seems to be in terrible trouble about it. I thought it only right your lordship should know what was going on. The subject has not been mentioned to Lord Estermere. The doctor Bays he had better not know it; at least, not yet. 1 understand that he is giv ing him medicine to make his sleep more profound if possible." The Earl was a good deal troubled at this news; it confirmed his appre hensions . about his son, but he said nothing, only resolving to watch for himself when they returned to Ester mere, and find out, if possible, what was troubling him. He could not dis cover. Lord Estermere was himself again, as far as health was concerned, when his father and mother returned, and very much improved in sociabil ity aud courtesy to. his fellow-crea tures. He even displayed au interest in the New Tear proceedings, and volunteered his services in forwarding the arrangements. His mother was delighted; but his valet could still tell of the disturbed nights and the ceaselesB search for something he had lost. Meanwhile the bride and bride groom, in their bright fresh happi ness, were touring about,-flitting hith er and thither aB the fancy led them. They would go no fixed tour. Hugh set his face against that froth the first. Paris was their first stopping place, and Cecile amazed her husband, as her father had astonished' her, by say ing that she hated churches, and did not waut to go into any. No, not even tb'e Madeline, she de clared, when Hugh would have taken her there to Bee- a grand ceremony. Don't ask me to go into a church in Paris, there's a dear, and let us go away as soon as possible. Ugh! It is a hateful place! Paris hateful! the young man said in unutterable amazement at such heresy. My dear Cecile, do you know what yon are saying P Yes, 1 do, she replied, and I will tell you why. And she forthwith narrated her experiences in the Church of St. Eust&che.; He told her he did not wonder she didn't like Parisian cburcheB, and promised that he would take her away that very night if she liked; but he said to him self that when it was not his honey moon, and he was not on duty as it were, be would come back and see the place, and hear all about the queer ghost from the church authorities themselves. The honeymoon fleeted by, and it was a very long one. The young couple roamed over Europe and en joyed themselves till Mr. Dallas cried out for his daughter, and declared he should come after them if she did not come back ; and the Earl told his son that he thought it was time he settled down; and even Cecile began to think she should like to see what her new home was like. The trees were beginning to bud and the snowdrops to peep when they were once more in England, welcom ed by everybody, Lord Estermere foremost. He was at the pier waiting for them when the boat got in, and accompanied them back to town. Yes ; all well, be said, in answer to Hugh's enquiries. Our mother never better; the pater gets younger in stead of older, 1 verily believe. It is only I who grow old. And indeed, he looked very care worn, and had aged very much, Hugh thought. Tell us about yourself my boy, his brother said. You don't, look up to much, as far as health goes. I am very well. It is not every body that can keep their good looks like you j I never was an Adonis. You were good looking enough. Hugh replied. There is a good deal of the death's head about you now. How about your wedding ? Is any time fixed yet ? Oh, yes. "When ? The January of next year. I hate the end of the year, it always seems to me so like the end of all things; and Lady Hilda is in no hurry, and by January her father will have got a lot of business off his hands, and be at leisure for all the fuss and non sense, and Hugh broke in on his brother's speech with a laugh. Upon my word, Estermere, he said, you are the most matter of fact per son I ever came across. You talk as if your marriage was a bit of going to market. I am glad it is really settled at last. You will be a happier man when it iB over. Do you think so P Lord Estermere asked. Look at me, Hugh said, and at her, pointing to Cecile. There's no need for such a question. (To be Continued.) At the conclusion of " As You Like It," on the opening night of the Shaftesbury Theatre, fbere was aloud call for the author! 