FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. Fitzgerald's Palace Circus has caught on from the jump. In a mammoth pavilion in Wake field Street are a number of attractions that would cause many a wornout pro. of the saw dust and spangles order to turn green with envy. Quiz has only one objection to a circus, and that is based upon his parental feelings. The Masters Quiz unfortunately are as imitative as their remote progenitors the apes, and it is rather a drawback when one's offspring will persist in riding barebacked on your favorite goat, or in practising aerial acrobats on your clothesline. But, to be serious, Fitzgerald's circus is as full •of novelties as the ordinary member of Parlia ment is full of ideas about taking his salary. There are clever riders, clever horses, clever •clowns, and clever—well, what is the good of particularising where everything is so excellent. Business is booming. Harry Lyons looks as happy as an opulent stockbroker who has just pocketed a dividend, and one*of our iron firms is making a special safe in which to store the cash. And just bear in mind that the season is •only to be a short one. * * * All the Melbourne places of amusement are presenting noveltiels for Christmas. At the Theatre Royal the attraction is a pantomime, "Cinderella, or Gold and Silver and Little Glass Slipper," in which the William Walton troupe of pantomimists and drolls and the Comic Opera Company chorus appear. At the Opera house Johnny Sheridan is creating another boom with "Fun on the Bristol." Alfred Dampier and his company at the Alexandra are playing in a five-act piece, "Judge Not." Harry St. Maur—"Jim the Penman"—is assisting the Cogill Brothers in the absurdity, " Muldoon's Picnic," at St. George's Hall. Charles Santley and Miss Marian Burton are singing in the Town Hall. -k * * Shakespeare don't pay. George C. Mi In, the tragedian, has " filed his shovel." ■¥r * -X The Sydney Royal has " Aladdin" as a pantomime, with Jennie Lee in the title role. Handsome George at Her Majesty's is playing Nick Bottom, the weaver, in *" A Midsummer Night's Dream," with Kate Bishop as Helena. The B. &: B. Company are still drawing crowded houses at the Criterion. Sardou's comedy "Friends," which the London Comedy Com pany played in Adelaide some years ago, was staged last night. At the New Opera-House Hiscock's London Pavilion Company are giving a pantomime entitled " The Barber's Daughter." The Silbon- Stirks have opened in the Exhibition Building, and Harry Rickards is at the School «of Arts. •x -X- r Bland Holt has arrived in Sydney from New Zealand. He will be heard of shortly. -* Up in Banana Land Amy Horton, D'Arcy Stanfield, and Fred Lester have been delighting Brisbane audiences in " Little Monte Cristo " at the Gaiety. This piece lias now given way to the pantomime, " The Babes in the Wood." No other show in Brisbane. * * * Away down in New Zealand Charles Warner has been doing profitable business. Miss Gracie Warner has been interviewed. She is 18 years of age, and has 50 dresses, which were all made in the " Rawiinies," having been sketched by herself. Her favorite parts are Ophelia, Pauline, Galatea, Stella Darbyshire, Dora, and Juliet. The Hugo Minstrels are still on tour. George Darrell and his company opened at the Opera-House, Wellington, on Boxing Night. * * * Frank Lincoln has commenced a season under Manager Lohr at Hobart. * it "5t Mrs. J. C. Williamson (Maggie Moore) is in j San Francisco, and patronises all the theatres, j t * I * -it Miss Nellie Stewart is likely to play Mignon | in Melbourne shortly. Miss Marian Burton, at; i one time a "member of the Carl Rosa Opera' i Company, will be engaged for the same piece. ! * * -it Fred Mellis, the Australian ventriloquist, has j made a hit in London. The Era speaks very : highly of his performances. ! * -7r One of the attractions of the new pantomime in Melbourne is the " Hush-a-Bye" chorus, rendered by thirty little children, who appear on the stage in robes des nuit, carrying dolls, which they rock to sleep as they sing the lullaby. ■* * * What Wybert Reeve's pet " literary" man described in his obscure journal as "a comic opera " is now being performed at the Theatre Royal. Probably the scribe has now dis covered his mistake—that is, if he has recovered from Christmas; but really he and Wybert will j have to lay their heads more closely together if j they want to make any improvement. There is j an enormous quantity of timber in the two heads,' and it will provide any number of ! wooden criticisms. * * * Everybody has read Mrs. Burnett's charming story, " Little Lord Fauntleroy," and everybody j 1 will go the Theatre Royal to follow the fortunes j of Cedric Evrall. Quiz is quick to recognise j merit, and he has therefore no hesitation in j giving praise to the present company at the) Royal. It is a strong company—no thanks perhaps to Mr. Reeve, but because in all pro- j bability he could not help it. Anyway the play i is well worth more than one visit, and next i ! week, when he has more leisure, Quiz will j devote more space to a discussion of its features j and the actors and actresses who intend to 1 make it boom during the next three weeks. i (C ~ Pepper's Ghost," which was once one of the j most popular of apparitions, and has for some j time been "laid." now to "walking" once O. more. Professor J. H. Pepper, the inventor of tbis ingenious illusion, has just returned to London, and will lecture at the Polytechnic on 7 ^ "His Ten Years' Experience Gained in Aus tralia." At Christmas he gave a revival of his Ghost Illusions at the same place. % " Fun cn the Bristol" Sheridan is not such ; one-part man as the mighty play- going publi< would imagine. Not only has John tacklec Lurcher in " Dorothy," but even the Lore Chancellor in " lolanthe " has not been sacrec from his professional grasp. J. F. savs so him self, and—Oh ! well, he ought to know. * ■* Monte Frederics, who was here last year, with Bland Holt is reported to have married a brother of Hans Arnold. Monte went across the water with the Boatman, and probably on the voyage she got so fond of Lion and May and the family generally that she did not care to pass out into the unknown, and meeting a marriageable brother of the picturesque boat-sculler—who is not a marrying man himself—concluded to take up shares in rhe household. 