AOTA PGPULX, By The Flaneur. Me. Alfred Allen — Bundoora's bleating hard — is a most distinguished member of that vei-y oaftita able class of persons who, although they do not possess any wit themselves, are, nevertheless, the cause of a great deal of it being fired off by others . During the summer months Mr. Allen, having inflated himself with bath buns and 3-stac gingev beer, wooa his aboriginal Muse in soruo secluded spot, and turns out blood-curdling poo try by tho ton; but when icy winter comes along he leaves his sylvan, dells, and pokes round worrying up the awful mysteries of our coal yards. It ia geacrally supposed that in early life Alfred was oither crossed in love, or cheated in change of a shilling, by a coal carter, for he pursues those dusky gcnt3, and exposes their nefarious little schemes as mercilessly as a stage Corsican following up a first-class vendetta, or a Shanghai chicken ehsBing a disabled blow-fly. Professor Edison Bays that three parts of the coal we pay for gosa up our chimneys in useless smoke; but Profeeaor Allen has a shrewd idea that it either goes back in tho carter's bags, or sticks to the coal brigand's scales in the coal. yard. This is the reason he trots out his magnum opus, the Fuel Bill, whenevoi.' he 1ms an opportunity, and strikes wholesome terror into tricky tradesmen in general. One of those blazing opportunities occurred a few nights ago, and Alfred immediately rose to move ' That it is expedient to bring in a bill to regulate the sale and delivery of fuel.' Forty seven hon. members immediately exclaimed, ' Lord save 'us !' and made for the door at an 'even-time' pace; but a few who seemed in clined for a bit of fun remained to 'play football 'with poor Alfx-ed'a pet weakness. Mr. Hurley made the first run, and gravely observed:— 'I am not sure whether I shall be jcs£Mfib& in ^ting for this bill. I am told by my Catholic fcionds that it is drawn on party lines. I am ? informed that it is introduced in consequence o£ tho blight in the various orange orchards at Par ramytta, and that uiy hon. friend ia going to force that kind of: timber on tho Irish population of the country. I think, howover, it would be a hard ship to compel a conscientious Fenian to purchase fuel consisting of this kind of wood. I observe also that there is no provision in the bill respect ing bog oak. Unless it contains some provision to compel Orangemen to buy bog oak, 1 shall not vote for it.' Mi'. Allen i\\\ once disclaimed any intention o£ introducing scctaiiinism into our coal yards ; upoa which Mr. Hurloy charged him with having a personal interest in the matter, for as ho said 'on every occasion that the hon. member for Padding ton brings his head into the market the price of wood falls at once.' Mr. Harold Stephen then raised his stentorian voice and indignantly pro tested against Mr. Allen ' taking advantage of his superior intelligence and parliamentary ex porience to ride rough-shod over the Committee by introducing a bill without stating his reasons for bo doing ;' upon which Mr. Allen, with tears ii\ his eyes, declared he had no wish to parade his 'superior intelligence' at all ; in fact, he always did his utmost to hide his electric light under the biggest and heaviest bushel he could find. Honest John Haynes then took up the running, and said he would be pleased to hear how many owt. Mr. Allen proposed to make do duty as a ton ? 14 owt. was about the usual thing at present ; and so far as the fuel sellers are concerned, fuel bo inclined to alter that standard. Then again, with regard to the weight of coal, he (Honest John) would like to know if Mr. Allen proposed to make the coal vendors wait any longer for their money than they are compelled to do now P Many people have made their fortunes in the coal line in n very short time (just the same as the land bcomers, burglars, &o.;, occasionally do), owing to the fishy manner in which they manipulated their scales. Just hero Mr. Speaker fell over ia a kicking fit, and Mr. Allen's great 3?uel Bill dis cussion once more appropriately ended in smoke. Those are the men, and this is the kind of game thoy intend to play for the modest little re muneration of ,£40,000 a year. How would tho following read as a Herald cable gram : — ' The Lord Bishop of London being dis satisfied with the recent mill between Sullivan and Kilrain, has instructed the stakeholders to retain tho money, and ordered the men to fight the match over again in St. Paul's Cathedral' P Many persons would be inclined bo doubt the reliability of such a ' wire ' as that ; and yet it is quite as reasonable and worthy of belief as the one re coa-frly publiahod, declaring that Pope Leo XIII. had 'recommended Cardinal Lavigerie as his. eventual successor.' Every person of ordinary intelligence knows that. the Pope has no more power to appoint or recommend his successor than-* Pastor Jefferis has to appoint our next Governor ;. but then, the cable 'omadhaun' doesn't possess. ' ordinary intelligence ' or he would not persist', in making a greater ass of himself than Nature intended he should bo. He should let the affairs of Rome alone and confine his attention to more congenial subjects, such as the doings of 'Jack the Ripper,' or the amorous eccentricities of tho English aristocracy. For the 7777th time it is reported that Si* Henry Parkes is about to shut and bolt tho front door of hia political life and retire far from the mad» dlsig crowd to enjoy that oiium cum dignikUe which he would try to make us believe he has so long hankered after. If he ever does close the front door, however, we can rest assured that the back oho will always be kept well open, in order that the Grand Old Muddler can dash out and scoot over the back fence whenever any great public occasion offers him an opportunity to pose as the would-be autocrat of Australia. It would be very nic?, of course, if Sir 'Enry did give his country osid himself a rest ; but until he reaches his 120th year this cannot be ; for he could no more live out of politico thau a whale could live out o£ water. It is also reported that Sir Henry intends to oblige his enemies by writing a book — two books, in fact — ' The history of New South Wales,' and 'Four Australians' — Dalley, Harper, Kendall and Daniehy. He might succeed in securing the £300 offered by Minister Carruthers for the former, es pecially if he threw in a few furlongs of. 'froggie, doggie, on a loggie' poetry, here1 and there, but I don't think ho will ever have the hardihood to tackle such a work as the latter, for the ghosts of the mighty dead would riee and cave in his head with an mkpofc if he ever dared to attempt such an out rage upon them. The late Mr. Dallay left, re fcho records of our Insolvency Court, his honest opinion of one Anglo-Australian, and it is not very pleasant reading by auy means, and, taking tho quartette altogether, it would bo difficult to find four men of whom Premier Parkes is less com petent to speak. They soared far too high for hia mole eyes to follow their eagle flights, and if he must write about ' Pour Australians,' let him give tho people the lives of The Kiama Ghost, ' Calico Jimmy,' Masnamara, and John Davies. HTa docs know something about that lot, and by the holy buuyip, they know a little about Mm also. Alderman J. D. Young has been oo remarkably quiet of lato that; I began to suspect ho was taking musical lessons from Johnnie Solomon, so that he could spring a painful surprise on his brother councillors, when our monster Town Hall organ is erected, by perching himself on the seat and playing ' The Wearing of the Green' with Clan-na-Gael variations. I am pleased to mo, however, that he 13 itill on tho warpc-th, and doing good, as usual, by rccoinmoiul ing that the Water and Sewerage Board office be moved to a more convenient locality than ib occupies at present. It is now as far away from the bulk of the vote payers as it was possible to go — by land — -and fcbo result is that a person living in a southorn suburb has to pack up a fortnight's stock of clothes »E& ? food, and take a loving, perhaps a last, farewell of his family every time ho ia required to pay a fow shillings for his water rates. No aian could pos sibly lead a virtuous life under such cirou in- stances a=3 these, and the ratepayers thercforo owo the ever-watchful J. D. another compliment for his thoughtful consideration of the welfare of tlioir immortal soul-:, and their boot soles as well. Another little matter touching the welfare of the public which some philanthropist should rise and grapple with is tho walk-the-plank business which one has to perform every time ho (or she) has occasion to use a harbour steamer. Only a few days ago a lady, while performing this peril ous feat ovec North Shore way, found the plank as slippery as if it had been specially greased for the occasion, and bofjre she had time to port her helm abaft the atarboard jibbooua's binnacle, or perform some other requisite nautical nmncoavrG, she found herself splashing about in our beautiful harbour in the most ridiculous style imaginable. Nothing is made in vain, however, and, luckily ^ her bustle kept her partly afloat until a charcoal-smeared angel disguisud as a stoker fished her out and hung1 hor over tho bow sprit to dry ; but one of these days a shark will come along and nip off a limb or two of some other lady passenger in a similar fix, and then the cap tain will have to marry hor in order to prevent an action at law. It seems atrango that m this en lightened ago do genius can bo found smart enough to invent some other plan of getting on and off our ferry boats besides walking along 6 feet of a slippery shingle, whiah is sometimes no placed a3 to auggeot that the boat's crew liko to see a lady passenger take a 'header' now and then, in order that they might enjoy the fun of Beeing her kick and make drowning bubbles on the. water. Mr. J. P. Abbott is still burnishing up hia little Bill to amend the law of divoros, but I think he will Bhunt it into its proper receptacle, the dirt box, when ho hear3 that ' me and Gladstone and Queen Victoria' are dead against the buniness altogether. ' The best basis for law/' says the Grand Old Man of the age, ' ia the indiasolubility of Christian marriage — that is to say, to have no Biich. divorce or severance as allows re-marriage.' ' Them's my sentiments' too, and ' M.V3. Eng land ' never loses a chance of backing up the same idea, so that no matter how Mr. Abbott's measure fares hero, it will never become law while the Queen can have hor say in the business, The complications that can arise in a land where this marriage made-easy-gamo is played are past all comprehension. For instance, did anyone ever hear of a man being married tlreee times to one and tho same woman ? Aud that woman three times to one man and twico to another ? If our readers have nofc had that pleasure, let them ltetcu to a true tale v/bioh, comes from Ohio. A maiden fair, named Gaines, was wooed and won by William Queen. The yoke soon bognu to gall both, however, and Mrs. Queen sought relief in the divorce court. Very soon after the divorce was granted she married a Mr. Samuol Steitz, aud a3 he developed a bit of a temper also, she ob tained a divorce from him and married one Jacob Meeker. Though she thus became Meeker by name, she still held on to the same old fiery temperament however, and once again the divorce law set her free, Some time after this her love for Steitz broke out again, and they were once more married, but not for long. Another divorce was indulged in, and Fate brought Meeker once more to the front, and the much-married lady haviug declared her inability to live apart from her Jacob, sho married him for the second time. Somehow the little blind god drew her away from Meokor again, and tangled her affections round Sfcoitn whom she once aiore swore to lovo, honour, fam). obey. By this time she waa Mrs. Stoitz no le.-' than three time aud Mrs. Meeker twice, raid it was the same Stoitz and the same Meeker too. An all thejeturns for the past month are not in yg'S, it is just possible that this enterprising Lidy hs.i started to marry into a new family altogether, just by way of a change ; and now I would like to ? ask any of our divorce advocatea how they would. relish, being either Mr. Steitz or Mr. Meeker. Tho corses which justify a divorce have been whittled down so fine in some parts of America that a reoent paper positively asserts as a ?act that a husband has applied for the untying of the matrimonial knot simply because his lov ing lady snores ! This is not all, how ever, for a, wifo has also applied for a release ' on tho ground that her spouse has become a victim, to the baseball craze, and spends his days in. practising the idiotic gambols of which this gaino appears principally . to consist, while his nights arc devoted principally to cutting out proas notices of the play and pasting them in a scrap-book.' Many a wife here could plead the same as regards football or cricket, but what have we to say i-» the case of the unfortunate woman who is tied J'o? iii'e to a member of Parliament, who gets homo about the same timeaa the milkman deposits bi-3 puiap-jriice in the morning, and spends the iittlo fcimo he ha3 to spare at home either in sleep ov raving about tho 777th clause of the Land Bill ? A useful instance of this is given in tho story told of Senator Wyndbagge, who, after a' long and arduous tu-sle with the compensation to squatters clause first and hia backdoor keyhole after wards, turns into bed at 24 o'clock, aud prays for peace aud rest. The Thomas cats, how ever, are anxious that the concert should still pro ceed, and 0,3 they sound their top A' a the wearied legislator shout?,, ' D ? the cats ! Why ever were they made ?'? To which the equally disgusted Mra. W. retorts, ' Don't say that, Henry, for you are jxicsfc v.s bad. I might just aa well say the came to you, for your being out so late and coming home so full aunoys and keep3 mo awake 3 nst as much as the cats do you. I'll apply for a divorce to-morrow.' In a case like that I wonder how Mr. Abbott's little Bill would act, and as he reads the Fkbesian (like all sensible men), I will now l^ok eagerly for a new clause which will prevent the bloc-sings of the Divorce Court being extended to the wives of members of Parliament. Divorce being made easy, marriage must be simplified in like manner, and we may yet find the counterpart of a J.P. in the Par West, who keeps a grocery store and is said to marry people in this short and airy style, ' Have her ?' c- Tea.' ' Have him ?' ' Yes.' ' Married 5 five bob. Can I show you anything .in the way of soap or candles, tea, sugar, flour, bacon, patent rat-traps, or cradles ?' 