Windsor Water Supply. To the Editor.-SIR,-Vas VICTIS. That's not me-though in common decency I ought, after the double-shotted salute which concludes "Junius'!" Tast letter, to consider myself van quished, and lie down like any other person and give up the ghost in regular othodox style. It so happens, however, that I am not built that way; and notwithstanding " Junius" brace of somewhat far-fetched quotations, I still feel very much alive O! Let me reply then to JUNIUS, firstly by flinging the Penrith Inspector of Dairies' letter at him, which rnns as follows: The letter, signed «? Scio,"'in your issue of last week cer tainly calls for some reply from me. " Scio" is evidently " barking up the wrong- tree," for he speaks of cows drinking" water which drains into a creek from where the night-soil is deposited, and the milk from these cows is supplied to Pen rith. For " Scio's" information I have to inform him that there is no drainage to any creek where cows may be watered that supply Penrith with milk, and the chances are that he tested water which came from a very different source, and which I have often asked to be analysed. I am certainly powerless in the matter of night-soil as the site has been selected by the Council. There is no drainage, how I ever, into any creek in ordinary weather, although I some would get away during very heavy rain, but would not pollute any water used by cows, the property of registered milk-vendbrs.. This letter is signed "? George Horton,- Inspector of Dairies." Of course -' Scio" replied to> Mr. Horton as promptly as "Junius" replies- to> me;, but the reply is of no moment.. Secondly ,, listi me: inform " Junius" that this is no new thing'-tfiis> attempt to damn: the local'water supply by asorib ing impurity to th« water,, any where- below Mori arty's fad-Wisbey's Hill'.. It has been- going om for eight or nine years-though strange- to say,.* none of the advocates of the' Moriarty scheme for . a supply of PURE WATER by gravitation (gravita tion mind you)? from the Grose;.have ever accepted' my challenge to analyse a bottle-ofi water from the hole below Wisbey's Hill and a similar quantity from the upper end of Windfeor Reaahi Their " gravitation'' scheme was a delusion) and a-snare, and they dared not accept my challenge.. As for damning or discrediting science,, somehow £ haver fancied I have been a very ardent believer;, but when I find pseudo-scientists prating about tilings^ they know but little about-and whichi may unnecessarily alarm people; I'll have- none- of it. But suppose weput Mr. Horton's letter aside and accept as gospel all that the twins, " Scio" and Junius," assert. What then? Db they mean to tell me that water running the distance it does from Penrith to Windsor, through immense beds - of sand and gravel, does not purify itself? I should be very sorry to believe it did not, other wise half the people in the- world would be - poisoned by driiriang water from running streams. Let 'me conclude with a little allegory, which' though it may not convince " Junius" may cause him to consider a little whether he has not rushed into print as an alarmist in a hurry;-" A worn and weary traveller, carrying on his back a heavy, burden (say a swag, to be colonial), arrived at a ruuning stream, hot, tired', footsore and thirsty. He went for the gushing stream straight, and lay ing down on bis paunch drank Ms full, He then (the dirty fellow) washed his swollen, dirty feet and resumed his journey-finally, arriving at the head of the stream where he found the pure beautiful water of which he had drank bubbling up out of decayed bullock. He felt sick -very sick! and while vomiting and bemoaning his sad fate that he was poisoned, he was accosted by a beautiful person, from a bright cloud above him, something in this fashion, ' What, O mortal, ails thee, that thou doth- vomit as if to fetch up thy inner man?' * O-o-o- oh!' howled the sick, man, ' I'm poisoned through drinking of this filthy stuft. I was athirst when I came to this stream some miles lower down, and I drank more than* six long sleevers, and my thirst abated. But, oh I just fancy, it coming out of that,' pointing with disgust at the innocent carcase before him. ' Go> thy way, foolish mortal,' said the bright looking person in the cloud, ' and rest contented. You were weak faint and weary; you drank and were refreshed and strengthen and able to rugume your journey; but now you see this beautiful, clear health-giver, coming from the old bag of skin and: bones you affect to be poisoned. Ungrateful man, go and rest satisfied with having partaken of both meat and drink from the one source. What mat ters it to thee where it comes from. Go before I smite thee with a plague of thirst that a hogshead of Vallack's treble X wouldn't satisfy.' The man went on his way a wiser though maybe a sadder man, to the next pub, where he took it out in whiskey." Many of your readers may discover that I have slightly altered this yarn from the original, but it is not the less applicable. -Yours, &c.;, GYGES. Windsor, December z, 1889. Scotland claims the oldest minister of the gospel. He is 101 years old, is in active service as a preacher, and is a living refutation of the old chestnut that those whom the gods love die young. Out of a total population of 1,085,740 In this colony, it is estimated that 696,982 are N. 6. W. cornstalks. 