II. The bell tinkled for the customary slow music for the curtain, but the curtain was up ad the villain of the piece on the stage ere my hands ceased playing.The last two bars were indeed soft and sweet and low, dying away like the ghost of music, and as the last note ceased I fell from the stool bathed in a cool, clammy sweat, too insensible to heed the wild and tumultuous applause that came from the pit, boxes, and gallery, the loud shouts of encore and the sharp clapping of the hands of my own musicians. The villain tried in vain to speak the lines ; the distressed horoine peeped from the side scene; the manager shook his fist at me from the prompter's window; but the audience roared for me, and at last I was compelled to arouse myself, and in some form of words beg to be ex- cused, before order was restored and the play allowed to go on. Tommy Ivans took me down under the stage, made me swallow a draught of villain- ous gin from the bottle he always carried, and restored me to some sense. Every nerve in me was quivering. I was as hysterical as a woman; I laughed and cried all at one and the same time. I verily believe I should have lost my senses had not Skab—our managers—hurried down to where I was and aroused me by his ornate and lurid profanity. "What possessed you, Esstermaun?" said he. "You don't drink, and yet you played well enough to have been possessed by the devil. Hang me if I knew you could do it. Only, for the sake of good- ness, pick a better time for your solos." And thus he went on, now blaming and cursing me, and then swearing that there was not a pianist in America who could have played as I did. When I became somewhat composed I tried to excuse myself; though I found I could not possibly tell him what was the matter. Something seemed to hold my tongue as I tried to speak, and finally I put a bold face on the matter, told him I saw the audience was tired of the worn waltz we were playing, and I thought I would give them a surprise. "Hang me if you didn't succeed," said he, and went off grumbling at what he called an infernal "ivory knocker's whim." 