THE NEW TREASURE HUIT. (Fsott rtE HEw rtEIEW.) Toswards the end of this month a li tie ex pedition will sail from Southamton on one of those golden quests which for a good many years past none but the novelists have en gaged in. The destination of the expedliion is (not to name it too p.srticularly) a tiny island, lying amidst "the foam of perilous scas," uninhabited save by sea birds and crabs, a thousand miles or so from anywhere. And the object of the expadlition is to search for a vast treasure of gold and jewels, which s believed to have been buried on the island more than seventy years ago. An emprise so romantic, sending us right back into the days when the trade routes of the sea were marked out by the blood which the pirates had spilled on tihem, seems delightfully out of keeping with an age in which the Stock Exchange or the imunse is the chief theatre of the treasure hunter's operations. For this is pirates' gold that is buried in this desolate ocean isle, and the expedition that is to sail in a few weeks' time will be a real treasure hunt. There is a historyattach:d to it already, and it is rather curious. Lrt us begin with the pirates, by whom the treasure was buried. To put one's money by and make it breed, which financial people, doing a more or less legitimate business in stocks and such things, consider a prudent policy, seems, on the whole, to have been one of the most imprudent policies when the basiness was piracy. Wise pirates, when they had taken a goodly prize, ran with it to the nearest safe port, and made themselves unMcognisably drunk on the proceeds. Unlimited rumn, and an occa sional stabbing bout, to keep their hands in against the day when business would bh resumed, made the pirates as happy as they wished to be; and when they had spent their booty, and recovered from the delir,.ms treme ss, they went on board again, ran up the "Jolly toger," and waited for another prize. 'The foolish pirates wore those who went and hid their stolen talents in the earth, for so surely as they did this, the next vess.1 they chaned upon was a man-of-war, which carried them home to be hanbged, a dozen in a row. Deep sunk in many a desert isle, in manny an ocean, there must be millions of pieces of eight, moidores, and doubloons, and jewels and precious stones galore, which the gentlemen of fortune who hid them there, and who have long since rotted in chains at harbour mouths, were never able to gohback for. Hence the treasure hunts of days monre enterprising; but somehow the treasures were not uneartllod. The island was found, or the spot on t.- mainland, but the chart was not quito correct, or not quite correctly interpreted : or protisiotus ran short before the booty could be dug up ; or a storm provented the hunts from landing; or the crew mutinied; or the treasure - eekers quarrelld and slew each other-the spoil was s never taken. The crew who tain away the loot that the a newu expedition is to search for seem to have been in alil respects a typical gang of sea rnbbers. They ran out irom Southamptoun about seventy years ago, in a smart schooner, excellently built for spe-d. There were Englishnmu, Italians, Greeks, and a Turk "hot boyp, asl on 'em"-and the skipper went by the name of .Ottl Iellire. Tlheir stenuiiblu busineos was palh oil and ivory, but it does not appear that either of those commodities was ever taken on leard. Thcey lhipped a batch or two of slaves, and hid the schooner away ue:ross the We.stern OUeca. Foever broke out amouogst the bhacks, the captain dosed them with laudanuru, and the crew dropped them overb:ard. WIhtn inl liquor Claptain Hellfire uoed to take potshots at his menu with a pis-tol, and, as his aim was fairly good, hte succeeded at last in peppeoing then into a I state of high mutiny. Tl'hey rut against himnone night, ond two of the Greeks he'ld hium while one of the Euglish -truck birs through the back with a bteel mariuo-spike. Hre was bundled into tihe ?a ; the mate was sent over the side after him ; the skipper'. murderer was voted captain in his pla?e, and iLh "Jolly Roger" replaced the English colours at the mastbhe: . Ranning l asth, they caught a Portuguese ves-el, boarde: her, drowned tihe crew, and cmptid the ship of her rich conte:ts. There was a Jewe'der amongst tre pasl.sn'eor.,, sebo- ba:-'blde con sisted chiisefly of diamonsds ad rubie, so thLat prize must have been worth the taking. But thse- pirates were fooilish. They soiled with their treasui- to an uniuhcbitedi island known to the captain, and there they buliel it. Their lack, however, was not yet exhausted; they t:ck other vcesas, Iast Ilidiameu and some smatller game, killing all cros and paseengers, and alwas:; carryving' the best of the plunder to tieir liiding-place on the isle. It was an opt spot to re?civc such blood-stained booty; an utterly des late and wholly forbidding island, usap pracehable, except with the skilifulle s-nsmmgement of bats; a lonely place, shaken t and torn by volcanic upheavals, scarcely yielding shelter and water, and void of food for man. An ideal smiuggery, however, for pirates' plunder, and this cut-throat crew made a oine treasure islan:d of it, if such there ever were. But it was a fatuous Sbui- iness, this heaping up of bullion and tjewels, for the fates were alwao y I dead against such conduct on the p.r: Sof gentlenmen of fortune. M?ore knowing t hands would have nru for the St.tes, realised the swng, got fresh paperso , siled Shome innocently, divided up, and lived g.l e lantll on the shares. Thespoilof thec I'P:t.? 1 guere sloop woud have made gie-ntlemen of tihem all. Some of the gang thought as Smuch, but the stipper, whoseo ognomueu was a Lips, was always taor g.tting a trifle more, F and he always had hio way. And so it came about that one fair t morning they ailed out to, tackle ain Iast Iudiaman, and were tackled themslelves. It was not often that the East Indiameu of those 1 'days showed their teeth when the ero-aebones overhauled them. In general they were wre-tchedly armed with a bravs swivel (nover in working order;, and a few caot-iron nine pounders, all hampered up, and scarcely moure r scrvireable than the modern British bayonet. SYet these East Indiamen had their holds stored with indigo and silks. and great con signments of jewels and gold for the dea!ers in London, Paris, Lisbon, the lPpal States, and all other European markds. For once, however, here was an East Indtismau well aarmed and pluckily manned. She faced the robbers, ran out her g-rns, and gave tham a brisk good-day; shot away their rudder, e splintered their masts, and brought the r gging about their ears. Then the boLrdelsl, iput the sha'kles on the twluntt e pirates who had survived the eno-ae Sment, which took them oaf and lowered them into her own hold, where they had time to prepare their speeches for their laet public appearance in Execution Dock. Nineteen of the twenty swung together on the Island of Cuba. The twentieth contrived to get his neck clear, and in due time made his way Shome to England. Ie was aliso a few years ago, in the North Country, nnd may be olive to-day. At any rate, he lived long enough to tell his tale, and to tell it with gusto. Ite was then close upon his ninetieth year, and his chief regret was that he had never got money enough together to sail in a ship of his own to the treasure island where the -t jewels lay hidden. lie had made eareful wt orking charts of the navigable side of the island, and marked down the po.sitiou of the treasure, with good cross-beari-rs. But he a could never raise sutlicient money to pro vision so much as a fishing smack, and wt orked on in merchant vessels until hisi strength failed. In this condition be han:ded over to a friend his chart, cross-bearings, and drawings ; and the first chapter of th romance closes here. History and fiction both serem to show that the chances are always against the treasure seekers, and success is assuredly far from being a certainty ih the present inftince. Who, for instance, can say positively that the treasure has not been already removred ? That is, however, an unlikely assumption, eince there is no reason to believe that, h after the nineteen pirates weire hanged, dtheir secret was known to anyone ex cept the twentieth who survived, and he appears to have kept it jealously so long as the ghost of a chance remained to him of turning it to his own account. An assump tion more plausible would be, that by the operation of natural forces the treasure has ere this been placed beyond the reach of man. SThe pumicestone and scoria on the mountain f ous volcanic rock lips steadily, and the drop y pings of seventy years (to mention no other possible forces) must have raised a big and solid tumulus aborve the sunken hall. But this is in all likelihood the chief dauger to be a nticipatedl, as it will furnish the chief labesur to be undergone; and with the exasct bearings of the deposit in the comnimnder's pooc.siaon it should be no imposoible task to reach the wreck. 