i.A ER From the LITERARY WORLD. hert e-orins.-If there is still anybody in 'ihis hi:hly oeer-dcdated realm of England," as :terms it. no: thoroughly well up i the :rioed de itios of the short story we would Meetfciiy refer that belated person to a collec :ia of rapers published under the title of " Pen lad Irk,- written by MIr. Brander Ma~ hetw. Sthat little book Mr. Ltatther- de tesn-a -'Dter to a fall discussion of the theory of the hort story. r.Mr. Lang and Mr. Sylvester-in e preface to a collection of short stories by foas Fr-eh writers which they have trans :ed into English and issued under the title of ie D:ad Leman--lament the nnpopularity of s firm of literature among English readers, A tra-ce the causes of its disfavour to two ?,--ne the idiosyncrasy of our readers, ai the other the material supplied to them. We oish prie, these iallo-trins coafrres tell us, -are an inhcrent objection to having our atten, tien asakened a doen times in a volume. When ee take the tronble to make the acqgsintanee i er.ta?in set of charrats, we lie to follow :heir fortunes for some hours, at least. The t:her cbjection (and it, in our humble judgment, i an far more radial one) is that we seldom get the short scary at its best from an English rither. As our two translators pointoot, many ci :he subjects which lend themselves most a:nrally to the short story, and which are i?ely crn tO French authoro, aretabooedtoour rit?s. The first essential to a short story is I a sitation. The more intense the better, :hon?h it may be intense in various spheres as for insunce, intensely ladicroas, or intensely pathetie. or intensely tragic, or intensely :oo-tly, or even intensely ghastly. As a nation I ',e live a humdrum life, and have few adven :-res or catastrophes. Nevertheless, we have rot lost our appreciation of vivid life in stories, and we renture to think that i we .hada Poe : write for us to-day his tales would not lack cr -il tion. As to the success that these gems from the Frrch ard likely to hare in edadting the ojan'ar taste up to an appreciation of the short tory, the translators are not veryanaguine. It hardly seems to us likely that readers whose :oc is ?iently cutivated to appreciate the charm of such writing as Gantier's, TIhlzae's, and About's shonid not read French easily, and sho?kl not prefer to read these talea in the Ian eage in which they were written. The tlans Lar.s, in the effort to preserve the character and quality of the style-which, indeed, is fully half the charm in these stories-have, to our cied, sacrificed too much. The turn of ex ;,-esion is often so un-Eiglit h that the reader is reminded (if he has ever forgotten) that he is r:stin: a translation. It is a marvellously faithful verion, but one wants to be, for the :ie, uzconrscious that it is a version. We are I :.ot criticising the performance any more severely than the translators themselres have c ticisel it. They admit that the art of tran lation has vet to be discovered. We eature to I reot that it never will hbeonadinlitealne . With regard to the prospects of the book in :wakening a taste for short stories, we hope for mtre than we expect. Writers and readers aould alike be gainers if the tale (which is to ther.orelasthe lyricto the epic, and which, like the lyrie, is the product of a high tide of 1 emotion artistically worked up into the simplest and strongest form posible.for it to take) were estimated at its true value and compensated aecordingly. The Dead Leman (" In orte Amonrease "). by Theophile Gautier, reads like a legend of the saints, coloured with an artis's skil and told withaseholar's grace. The miraculous dement in present in large quantity. The exclusive, ascetic view of life tones every phrase. A Leaatiful abandoned woman named CIarimonde i charms the heart of a young priest away from his saintly avocations. At her, death some tmange fatality summons him to administer the last rites of the Church. She appoints a spirit t-st with him, and he thenceforth enters aupon a period of double eonscioonsaess. In the day he futils Lis hisservice to the Church, and'at night he is Claroanders lover. In time he disevers :hat his etchantres belongs to that very objec :iohable order of ghosts known as the rvampire ; Let thogh she preys upon his life, his devotion to her remains unshaken. A fellon- priest, ohbserung how Romuand is wasting. away, dis covers his secret, and lays the apparition by opening her tomb and sprinkliog holy water upon her body. The story is told by tomoald when he has reached old age. Graphicaily as it is given, there is a canrions coldness in its effeer upon the reader's imagination. Its appeal is to the mental side only of the imagination, nos the emotional. "The Doctors Story" (Oalzaos), on the other hand, makes the reader shudder. As translations, the tales by Merimee strike as as the most Eatisfactory. A certain crtness in style lends itself to the abrupt, farcible phraseology that is the feature of our c-nversational style. "How We Took thei Redoubt" is a magnificent chapter of; graphic m'tins. Our regiment was composed of three hat taiions. The secnd was n toratch the redoubt n the side of the gorge, the other two were to clarge it. I was in the third battalion. On leaving the ground that had covered us we were greeted by some volleys of musketry which did a good deal of damage. The screams of the ballets took me haback. I kept turning my head, and my comraden, acnstomed to the sound, laughed at me guily. "'After all," I thought, "a batt'o is nothing ee very dreadfaL" Wepressed on at the doable, sharp-shooters in adrance; suddenly the IlRssians gave three, 'iistin?t cheers, and then waited, silent antd holding their fire. "I don't like their silence," said the cap? tain; "it means no good." I thoucht oar own men were a little too noisy, and could not but contrast their clamour rith the imposing silence of the enemy. We reached the foot of-the redoubt, where ccr fre had broken the paliEndes, and cut up tte ground. Our fellows dashed over the reins to the cry of " Tire C£Emprerl" You would cor hare expeted men who had shouted so long :a have ehonted o loud. I chanced to look uop, and I shall never foroet the sight I saw. isrt of the smoke had lifted, and hung like a canopy aboat twenty feet above the redoubt Across a thin blue vapoor yon saw, behind their half-rined parapet, the Russian Grena adies, their muskets shouldered, motionless as "5t?e. I think I see them yet; each soldier vtia his left eye on un, his right hidden by a muaket. In an embrasure, some feet from us, O man with a lighted march stoad beside a I shoddered, thinking my lart hour had " The dne is beginning, " cried "my aptiin. It wsas hislattgood night The drums beat in the redoubt All the mskets exmne to the lereL I shut my eyes and heard a terrible roar and crash, followed by cv"es and granos. Then I opened my eyes, aSazed to find myself alive. The redoubt wns lind with smoke. Dead and wounded men lay Dl around me. My captain was stretched at my feet, his head blowrn to piere. by a ball. I wa covered with his brains and blood. Of ll my crmpany, there stood but six men beside myself. After this carnage came a moment of stepor. The colonel put his cap on the pointof his ?wrd, and wan the farst man oveeth panmpet;. shooting " "Fire 'Empi rer" All the sur trors followed him. I scrrcely remember what happened next. We got into the redoubt, I don't know how. Hind to hand we. fought in a blindIng smoke I believe I kept strtiing. tor my sword was all Moods; "Viectory l" I hesd at lastt The smoake thinned away ;Iaw dead men and. blood all oraver the redonbt The gouna epeianlly wore littered with eorpses. About tiro htdred sldiers, in the French uniform Jre plu5$8[ aoyhow, her h?i--?--err, some loading their piese, some wiping their bayonets. With them wer levenrm 'n uan pisonems. The Colonel was lying in his blood beside a broken ammunition bor Some soldiers gathered round hiroeagerly. ':joined them. " FWho-m . the senieortaseiont he aked-a sergeant The serergnt merely shrugged his shoulders. " he eniorlientenant, then I" "This gentleman who joined lA? ~ -Fcti said the scrgerat, stoically. - The oloniel mhled a bittera le.ild " Come, sh' aid le ; :"take the eomman.mL Frtify the gorge of the redonbt with those nggmns, for the enemy is in force; but General C - will support you." - "Colonel,"'said ~ r " are bahdly wounded" D'onea r rmy ay i bat wet havoethe re The "am.do "hies ll is the sprightly ·ir aP E.r;~;~lie'~~-pstiosE~ IPthhrse, Aldieh, Cable, Stockton, ek, wil at ones ,cear to readers familiar with transotlantie linetm.astfis.xolnumea i tler:i&fat.r;=mo , by the ltthoi of? -arga.iit keiit," oflsists of a collection of tales, fairly good of their kind, but medio.ernrisew of the standard set by the names given. alsoe. -Easestories "made themseles,i theantfer- tells u,:."ont of insa-t and sympth-y, rather thn fromezx. penmena or obsersoioni",'-at a period when "painstalag realism uwas not thiought of." "rainstai~ g realia" isexa tlylwh5.e reader m• e.-e n4 o eo he rqwnntie bl?entia-ia Dee o- J se oi;mw Tie subject ofr the opening tale, which gives nuametoothe book, and thatsghif The Tragedy of 'Dal FP eem rc well concid?gd; .- fs thsk iful dramatie hinde Our right to inaodle lr. ,{sesney's Operatlic Talts i is1 --'c ef Aeaia"-,ay be fairly qoe tiooed. Some of them come under our handing mands me do not The tales do not pretend to any novelty or invention on the part of the compilr. They are simply the plots of our more popular operas given in alrief and read able form. Opera goers will be quick to recog nise their value as a help to the full enjoyment of the peorfumauce. For the rest, that large class of readers who pride themselves on being in poasessioo of most of the facts "that every body ought to know" have an exceptionally good opportuniity oiicred them of filling up possible chinks in this. department of their miscellaneous education. Twenty-three of the best known operas are included in the collection. A cetxors controversy has arisen over the article for which Leigh Hunt suffered two years' imprisonment. It commenced by AMr. Gosse publicly attributing the article to Lamb, and the statement is seemingly in fiat contradiction to Hunt's own words in his "Autobiography." AIr. Ainger, Lamb's latest Liograplher, calls for proof, and it is to be hoped that the question will soon be finally set at rest, for lamb's moral repntationis sure to soder unless the charge be reoated. 