Harwood Island. THURSDAY. THE CONCEBÍ.-On Wednesday evening a concert under the supervision of the Conqueror Lodge, was held in the Assembly Booms. The popularity of this concert was exhibited by the attendance, which was very fair. A lengthy .programme consisting of twenty-five items was gone through. The first was an overture on the piano by Miss Webb, fol- lowed by the song " Would I were a bird" by Miss Law. Then came the duet "The old folks are gone" by Messrs. Knight and Enaby, and was loudly applauded. The next Bong was rendered by. Mr. Muir, "The white squall," for which he received an encore. The recitation "Doomed to die" by Mr. Garbutt, was well rendered ; and then came Mr. Kelleher's " Blue eyed Nellie." Little Miss Davies gave "The flower girl" very nicely. Mr. Bushnell next appeared in his popular Irish comic, and fairly brought the house, to which he responded with an amusing solo. Then came Miss Payne with the solo " I'm waiting for thee." Mr. Knight was next to appear, in his amusing style, with a comic " The stage struck hero," the render- ing of which demanded his re-appearance. He responded with an amusing solo, keeping the audience in roars of laughter. Mr. Kelleher next rendered an accordion solo, which was much admired, and for which he received an encore. Mr. Payne's patriotic song "Advance Australia, fair," brought the first part of the programme to a close. Mr. M'Naught opened the second part with a comic solo; the next was Miss Payne with the solo "Grandma's advice," in a manner that evoked. ~¡ well merited applause. Mr. Muir then followed \ with a Scotch comic -, then came Miss Webb's solo " He kissed me when he left me." The recitation " Our folks" was done justice to by Mr. Garbutt. The next item}» as by Mr. Bushnell (Irish comic) and in response tb an encore gave "Sorley'a twins." Miss Webb gave an amusing solo " Just to please the boys," and was loudly applauded. "Will O the wisp" was done justice to by Mr. Muir, and "Bide a «ree" was nicely rendered by Miss Law. Mr. Knight's comic solo iA ghost" received an encore, to which he responded with another amus- ing Bolo. The duet "Larboard watch" was well rendered by Miss Webb and Mr. Payne, and the entertainment concluded with a comio sketch by Messrs. Knight and Enaby, amidst much laughter and applause. A most enjoyable evening was brought to a close by singing the National Anthem. HEALTH.-On all sides we hear people com- plaining of the frequent changes of the weather, blaming the same for all the complaints now preva- lent amongst us. CRUSHING.-All the mills are working well, and a large quantity of cane is being put through. The Fiona, I am informed, took away avery heavy load of sugar from here a couple of days ago. HOADS.-The road to the Serpentine bridge is now making a decent show, as the contractors are pushing it on at one end, while the maintenance man is putting it in good order at the Harwood end. SPOBTING.-The news of "our boy's" victory was received with general satisfaction, very few doubting his ability to win. We are to have a day's sport in abont f onr weeks time, and later on a big regatta is talked off. Skating still holds its own with ns, and dancing draws a fair compliment. ?BURNING OP THE BLAKEBROOK HOTEL.-This hotel, situated about 5 miles out of Lismore, and occupied by Mr. James Dunn, was totally destroyed by fire early on Monday morning. The flames were first seen by a party of aboriginals, who at once gave alarm and the inmates had barely time to escape, as the hotel, which was a two-storey wooden structure, was soon a mass of flames.. In a very short space of time the building was con- sumed, together with the contents, with the exception of about £10 worth of furniture. 