, i JY? Novelist. The MiSriigirt Prophecy VK-''' .' ' QR) ' HP OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. . By;Emma Garrison Jones.. ? . . ? .. . - CHAPTER, XIV. . THE PLOT THICKENS. . ? Sevenoaks nnd Cavendish Manor, as ? *'e bsfore stated, wore contiguous, and; were two aa lino estates its tho county contained. Tho manor belonged to Lady Drummond for her life-time, and it was :her custom to visit tho old place onco or twico a year. It was therefore quite I opportune that Lord Strathsnev and his party wore going to Sovenoaka, aa Lady ? : Cecilia was quite anxious to mako one of her annual visits. Sho at onco caused Sir Varnej, who was a most dutiful and obedient husband, to dispatch invitations to their numerous friends, to moet them at the manor for the shooting soason ; and !tt her suggestion tho Earl of Strathspey did the samo thing. Accordingly,. when , they reached tho end of thoir journey, the earl's party found a gay assemblage of friends await ? ing them. 4 j : ? . ? ' ?: ?' AV6 aro going 'to luivfota ^delightful ii'ason,' remarked Lady Drummond, ??and you may tlmitlc'mo for it, lnylord'; you and Sir. Varnojr would have moped ??? hero all aloiieVau'd popped your solitary . , .'{mis, ;if;I hyd«ot come to the rescue. .Men arb so absurdly stupid !' . My' lady, showed her whito - toeth in a flashing smile, as tho earl handed her into a carriago that was to convoy her to the manor, and put out her whito jewel led hand to bid him farewell. ' I shall expect to soo a great doal of you at tho manor,' alio said, adding, with a peculiar look in her eyes and a faint suggestion of regret in her voice ; 'you used to like tlie manor years ago.' ;.V And 1 like it yet,' replied tho oarl, gallantly ; ' and sliall certainly avail . myself of your kind invitation. Of course you'll not wait to bo invited to Sovenoaks you and Sir Varney.' Tho pleasant, good- nntured, unsun ; . pioious hiro'not bowed,- whilo his flashing iady repliod : 'Not I, my lord earl; I always go whorover,.I please, .and : it will certuinly please 1110 to conio to Sevenoaks. But I've fallen into shocking habits of lato ; you know how I gallop? Well, I shoot, too 1 I shoot pheasants, my, lord !' The oarl did I'aise liis oyobrows in well brod surprise, . nnd the gay countess broko' into a ringing laugh. 'Audi follow tho hounds,' slio con tinued, and indulge ih all manner of masculine pleasures, 3ir Varney likes it, but you aro shocked, niy lord?' , Sir Varney smiled indulgently on tlio towitching creature who bore his namo and title, and Lord StrAtliBpey protested gallantly that nothing her ' ladyship plautd to do could shook hiai. 615 I ? Meanwhile, the countess and hor two children, and their two nurses, waited pdtiently in ? tho Sevonoaks' carriage. Colonel Chudleigh and his wife and 'several . other friends having driven on ahead. VHow my Lord Strathspey do admire Lady Drummond, ' whispered Lola to Judith, with a peculiar expression in hor black eyos. . . v ? ? , Judith gavo her a nudge. ? 'Why don't you husht' she said, 'and. tend to Lord Angus. : He's tearing the trimming from his coat.' But Lola was not to be silenced. ? 'Onljr watch him,' Judith,' she con tinued, in a loud whisper; 'his. vory eyes dance as he looks at hor I And sho bo a very lovely woman, my Lady Drum mond. . What a pity tho couiitoss ain't like her.' ? . ' . ' Will you hold your tonguo 1' re turned Judith, gathering, Lady Pearl; in lior armB and moving to tho opposite side. 'IIow savage you are, to bo sure,' continued Lela; 't'ain't no harm I'm say ing, I'm Euro, and everyone knows it. Tho coachman was spoaking about it last night., and lie says tha; tho earl and Lady Drummond used tb bo lovers, and that—' ' Shut up, I say 1' snapped Judith, her brown oyes fairly binning, for, glanc ing over at her mistress, who reclined aund tho cushions, she saw that she was as white as death, with a wild aud terri iied look in her lovoly eyes. She had heard the nurso's idle words, if .idle thoy wore, and nn awful fear thrilled every fibro of her boing. What 'if it woro so? She remomborod tho old roport that tho earl had once ad mired ^ Cocilia Cavendish, and how his father's inexorable edict had forbidden his boyish admiration. What if I ho old fancy still lived ? In her terrible pre- occupatipn, slio had not noticed hor husband, or ever dreamed of such a thing. She watched him now with all her tortured soul in her eyes. tie was standing in the afternoon sun light, his noble head bared, his fino face all aglow with pleasure and admiration, as ho looked up and listened ,to some gay speecli Lady Drummond was' making. .Presently tho lady extended her slender hand, and the earl kissed it, bowing pro foundly. 'Good-byo, Lady Strathspey,' cried Lady Cecilia at that moment, as the earl turned and loft her. ' I shall expect you to drive, over to the. manor every day.''/ , ...'- v The countess nodded and smiled — oh, such a wan, sad smile ! — and made room for her beside her husband. He settled himself down with an air of enjoyinont, taking his son from Lela and establishing him on his knee. ' Now, Sanford, drive liko tho wind,' he called. '? I'm anxious to seo tho old place again. Do rouso up a little, Mar guerite,' addressing his wife, ' and look at Sevenoaks Towers in tho sotting sun light ; it is really, annoying to have you always moping so^' The countess obeyed. She roused up, and looked at Sevenoaks' . Towers, and smiled and talked with a .strange glitter in her oyes and a hectic bloom on hor cheeks, and iii her heart, deep in hor heart, that poisoned, rankling thorn that tho nurse's imprudent words had im planted. The manor gentry were, dining at Sevenoaks, a few days after, and to gether with tho earl's guests, they mado a largo and brilliant party. A.11 day tho men had' been popping at the. pheasants iu tlie west copice, while the ladies dozed oyer French novels in tho cool, drawing-rooms'; but the clashing of tho old tower bell liad culled them all together, and no w in thoir hist array thoy occupied the ' great drawing-room that opened into tho dining hall. ' Tho long , table, ; with its spotless damask and glittering glass and silver, was already laid, and through the gor geous streamed tho red, August sunlight, making the swingiug chandeliers, and costly goblets, and gilded, vases, gloam and glitter as if wrought of . precious stones. . The Countess of Strathspey occupied a sofa at the extreme end of tho drawing room, with Colonel Chudleigh ,011 one hand and Sir Varney Drummond on the other. _ Sho was magnificontly robed in a blue Bilk dinner dress, '' elaborately trimmed with old point, and in hor ears and at hor throat burned the old Strathspey dia monds. Her- wondrous golden liair lay over' Ii'er fair brojv in countless littlo shining curls and her cheeks glowed liko the heart of a blush-rose, while her eyes, hor lovely sapphire oyes, fairly dazzled ono with the splendor of thoir feverish brightness. Never in all her life had Marguerite, Countess of Strathspey, looked more beautiful, or felt more wretched. , ac cne otner enu ot tlio long and magni ficent apartment, in an embrasure of oiie of tho stained .windoM's, sat. Lady Drum mond;: ; iVi J Ad Sho woro a dress, of some. light, gold liuud fnbrio, ?that; blbught Out in wondrous perfection all tlio glorious .tints ofJipiw 'llelie-iike faco;,aiut her, Hacks braids *'an*d her heavy curls, wero held, in pla^e^byj .thick bands of red 'Indiuii' goiill', : /jo . Cleopatra^ liorself .never ,lbok'ed/m^rb! regal t hail did my L'acly^ 1 'CcoiliaV'sii'tiiig beneath the gorgeous glow of tho richly stained glass. ,. Lord Strathspey bent ovor her'bifair, his face glowing and unitnated. Sho was turning tho leaves of -a: 'lundsclipe folio, talking tb the earl in the mean time. ; 'I'm going to shoot to-morrow,' she Baid, with an arch smile so yon, must como to the niauor. I'm anxious to dis gust you, my lord. I always was u ; tp 1 u boy, you know. Do you renieinborj Awjus ? ' alio began ; thon, with a blush',' and drooping lids— \'jny lord,. I ;meati.. .. I bog a ? tlibusatid' fiar'dbns. Thinking of tho old days mado mo forget; but do you remeniber whit rare mornings wo uaed to. have, galloping to covor down 011' Willow lieathi All, 1110 1' Lady Cecilia sighed, and seemed not to hear tho earl's assurance that ho did ro lnember. Presently sho icontinuod. as if half to herself : ' ?, . ' , ' Suoli rare mornings 1 '. Dear,' donr, whuta pity wo oannot.; bd always young, and happy ! 'l'liis humdrum inanied lifo is very prosy, don't you think so, my 'Well, I don't know,'' repliod tho earl, with ? laugh; '1 havo not found mine so very prosy, but I dare say you know !-c3t, Lady Drummond.' ' Of iiourno I do,'1 oiting her scarlet 1 lip with rexatioc, but lauchine aavlr ; , 'and, apropos of prosihess, we are'. to; havo a ball over at ' The Cedars.' Lady Varnoy drove over yesterday to tell mo. The cards go out to-ir orrow, ;and it comes off 'on the twenty -ninth— a real fancy affair — bal maBque,' you know! You'll not find any prosinesa therej I'll promise you;' And now; do guess who's to be the lion,' she added innocently, but with a sudden flasn in her jSpanish oyes. 'I'm Buro I've no idea whatever, unless you mean yourself,' roplied the earl. , ' Myself 1 Oh, you stupidl Meaning myself. I should havo said queen I .Who's to bo tho lion, 1 say ? Who, indeed, b'ut Colonel Gilbort Vorney, Lady Vernoy's brothor. just come home from India ; and, bogging your pardon, my lord— your wife's old lover — a charming man. You, had better. look out for yourself, my, lord oarl.' ' v : Something in the insinuation, and' In her ringing laugh irritated Lord Strath spey. He frowned and bit his. lip.! 'I can't see what I havo to fear from Colonel Gilbert Verney,' he replied, coldly. ' Can't you continued tho lady, in a teasing tone. 'Lady Strathspey is a charming woman, and old coals are soon rekindled. The earl almost involuntarily glanced across at his wifo. Sho was a charming womau indeed, and more charming, he thought, , at that moment, than ho had over seen hor before — she, who a day or two ago, had been so languid and listless. What could be bo secret of the sudden change? ' Only look at her now — the countess, I mean 1' continued his companion, who had followed his glance, ''is sho not glorious? Such a change I Down in the Tyrol slio was liko a ghost. What is the secret, I wonder ? I can scarcely believe her tho same person.' . ' She's liko tho rust of her sex, whimsical and changeable, ' replied tho earl. ?' Not so _ my lord,' retorted Lady Cecilia, half iu earnest, half in jest ; 'we women always have motives, especially whero o;ir good looks ace concerned. Lot mo read tho riddlo for you. Colonel Verney calls this evening. Tho countess herself told mo, not an hour ago, that she expected him. Can't you see, my lord 1 I warned you to tako care !' And again lier wicked, teasing laugh rang out. ! For the : life of litoi. 3uord Strathspey could not conceal his vexation. Ho was just blind and 1 simple enongh to suffer this arch- enchantress to win hor object, which was to rouso his jealousy and sus picion in regard to his wifo. These liritish peers are only human after all, despite their noblo blood and highsound ing titles, and as week nnd as full of foibles, a goodly number of them, as the lowliest peasant that pays them homage. Angus, Earl of Strathspey, was no excep tion. Though a good and generous man, and pretty shrewd, ho was no without Ihb failings. Being the thirteenth earl of Strathspey Towers did not make him per fect by any means. He glanced across, a second time, at his wife, ih her shimmering laces and diamonds, her face bright with feverish expectation, and a sudden thrill stirred his heart. Tl'as it because this Indian colonel was coming, that she had bloomed out so V IIo know tho story of Gilbert Vemey's early love for Lady Marguerite of Auk land Oaks. Ho was only a young guards man thon, and ho was very desporate when ho found there, was no hope for him, and talked a good deal about blowing his brains out, but ' concluded to go with his regiment to India instead. And hero I10 was back again, a . colonel, and . a bachelor still.' ' 1 Lord ( Strathspey , gnawed ,at hia raous- 1 'tacho, and watched his beautiful countess with covert glances. Poor, blind Lord Angus, he. could not see, .ho could' not ; dream, and thoro was no friend'^ tonguo to whisper him tho truth, that his poor, loving, constant wife, stung by cruel jea lousy, had thrown off her lethargy, her terrible Borrow, and by an ellbrt almost, superhuman, had bloomed out ,in all the beauty she possessed, hoping to hold his love, hor dearest treusuro, which she saw, with a woman's quick perception, was slipping from her. Her husband did not dreaui.of this, which Lady Cccilia well enough knew, and lier wicked oyes gleainod with triumph as bIio. watched the earl's moody face, and saw that her random arrow had struck honied ; But the clanging of the great dinnor boll brought this little side-play to an abrupt close, aud tho earl aud his guests filed tlirougli tlio glittering rooms, aud sur rounded tho inagniiicout board, allsauvity, aud smiles, aud honeyed words,. too well bred liiid self-possessed .-to -betray oven a suggestion, o.f bittor and torturing passions ^hat ' lilled their hearts. w : CHAPTER XV., .: . '? ! - A 1'EldLOU.S stjjp. , , i r. \ - n , . ; V m 1 ,\ h \ ^ «. | Lord^Strathsp'o}Y iill-.'at 01103, ? liad ini porativp, Occasion., to mako, a, run; ;do wn to Loudon.' 'Oiily' for a .short ?tay, 'however, and Colonel Chiul leigjiwas't6clo_ tholiohors, 4nd his guoslij to mak^Tipnisqryo^ comfort iiblo till his'retiirlu'^'.; ' j Ho started J'or 'the : early1 train, before breakfast was sorvodiand the countess and her children were still-in their dressing-, room; Ho. tapped lightly ,'at tho door, as ho.' passed 011 his 'way down; Judith admitted him, and his' wifo aroso, still wrapped in her morning cashmere, at liis entrance. - ' ' Don't disturb yourself, Margue rite,' lio said, just a trifle 'coldly ;: 'I'm off for London, tint! just dropped in to say good- by.', ' ! , Ho crossed to the louiigo, upon which tho childron wore sittiiig, and kisaec' thom repeatedly. Lady Pburi cliing'tohiii tiuck,! and fell to sobbing. ' ' Don't go,, papa, , darling papa !!' sho implored; ' wo ix'uiut' papn liore, don't wo, lnaiiiuia?' - ? ? ? v-. iMumnia nodded,- with tfto hot tears ris: ing to her eyos. . . . .. . , . - . ?' But pnpii niust gp;' just 'for a littlo while; and he'll bring -Pearl1 a' groat doll, with winking . eyes'. Will that'do Lady l'earl clapped her hands in oc stasj'. 'And what shall I bring you; my boy?' continued tho earl, taking tlio boy's fuco iu his hands, and looking down into his eyes with unspeakablo lovo. . Light, cold oyes thoy woro, a trifle opaquo and dull, and tho faco was inclined .to bo thin and sallow. Lady Pearl looked, like a rosebud besido her brother, aud i think hor father, though ho was almost unconscious of it, felt a littlo angry and I , vexed at her fair, fresh loveliness, What I business had she to be brighter and hand Bomor thari'his son and hoir? 'What shall I bring you, my son, from London?' continued the earl, for the boy had not answered.' : ; ' Nothing I ' I don't want nothing,' he repliod, at last, with a sudden air. 'Pearl can have tho doll ; I won't have notliing.' . . , ... You may. iave the dolly somo, too, oubber,!' cried generous little Pearl ; ' I w:on't keop lier , all.tho time.' , ? ' No, I shan't !' . 'returned the young lord, spitefully. '' ; ' His father looked inexpressibly grieved. From day to day this was tho trouble of the nursery^thb cross, unamiable temper of tho boy. Nothing could please or con tent him; ho was always surly and' envious, ': while Lady Pearl was all generosity and sweetness. . ' Never mind,; I'll bring you both something. Be good children,' said the father. Then he turned to the countess, and held out his hand. 'Good-by, Marguerite; my stay will ba short, and the colonel will see that you are comfortable. He did. not kiss her, and his Toico was _cold, his manner distant and cere monious. Colonel Gilbert Verneyliad called on the evening of the dinner party, just a3 Lady Drummond predicted ; and tho countess had received him very graciously, and even honored him with a promenade on the terrace! ? Consequently, my lord, her most injured husband, was in tlio sulks, and not at all disposed to bo affectionate. ' Good-by, Angus,' said his wife, her voice faltering, and hor eyea swimming with tears ; ' won't you kisa mo before youg}?' . Tho piteous voice touched the earl keenly, but ho was too proud to show it. Instead of clasping her to his bosom, as his inclination prompted him, I10 only touched his lips to lier forehead. As the door closed behind him, his wife, unmindful of the presonce of her children and thoir nurse, throw herself upon the couch and burst into a passionof hysterical sobs and tears. ' But in a very little while she arose, still ahd calm. ; 'Take the children away,' she said motioning to Lela, who had just entered ; 'and do you; remain, Judith.' _ '.Now bring my travelling dress, and ring for a cup of chocolate,' she con tinued, when they -were alone. J udith stared in amazemont. ' I am going- back to the Tyrol,' ex plained tho counters. ' Now is my time, while the earl is away, and I havo not a moment to lose.' 'My lady — you?' ejaculated the girl. ' Why not send me in your place ?' (to de continued) 