A Pack of Cards- A simple sentence, bat do yon know the knowledge this little sentence container IiisSen, and I - ill tell you. Many years ago, during the reigu of Charles VI., card-plsying was first introduced into France, and became so the rage, and was carried to enoh an extent that it was for a time prohibited. Sosievy was divided into four closes, called casus, and each of these castes represented by the four different Baits of cards : First — hearts or churchmen, from the French coear (heart), called gens de cluair, or choirmen. Second— spades ornike heads, and represented the . Debits Third—diamonds or tqnare etonee represented the workmen. Fouth— tlcba or clover leaves indicated the peasantry. Nor is this all, for does not the ace remind yon there is ons God. The Deuce—of the Father and San. The Tray—oi the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. The Four—at the four evangellists who preached, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. The five—of the five wine virginB who had their lamps trimmed. The Six " In eix days the Lord made the heaven and earth." The Seven—" On the Seventh the Lord rested. The Eight—<A the eight Mghtecus persona who were saved when'God destroyed the world, Noah, his wife, three eotta and their wives. The Nine—nine lepers were clesnaed by our Lard. There were ten, fcn* nine gave thanks. • The Ten -of the ten commandments handed down to Moses. The /Ting—el the great King j n Heaven. The Queen—at the Qaeen Saabs, a wise woman, who visited King Solomon, and took with her fifty girls, and fifty boys, all dressed in male attire for the King to tell which were boys and which were girls. King Solomon sent for water for them to wash and as the girls washed to the elbows and the boy® to the wrists, the King soon judged. Conation the epote on a pack of cards there Me 395. as many cays as there are in a yeer. Counting the number of cards to a there are 52, equal to the number of veeiss is a year. There are four suits—the number of weeks in a month ; and last 12 picture cards in a peck, representing 12 moiaths in a year, and on counting ihe tricks, which are 13, the number cf weeks in a quarter. So yon see that simple eeotence not only contains a history, but a bible almanac and common prayer-book. l 