A "HAUNTED HOUSE." MYSTERIOUS RAPPINGS IN A CELLAR. A remarkable "ghost" story comes from Green- <*> wich, in England. It appears that Mr. Peter Bothwick, in the employ of the South Metro- <*> politan Gas Company, had resided for three mats with hi* family at 14, Horseferry-road. Greenwich, a four-roomed home. Bin. Both wide had been troubled by hearing inexplicable noises, which her hatband tried to explain away. The previous tenant, who occupied the house for 29 yean, states that he never beard any noises, bnt his wife often complained to him that she had heard sounds like children falling out of bed. About two years ago the Bothwieka wereaway fromhome,andaneiebbor states that daring their absence he heard load rsppinjrs in the home. Twelve months after, in July, 1688, Mr. Both wick was in the country for a holiday, and on the 26th there were in the horn* Mrs. Bothwick, Mr*. Stedmwa. and Mrs. Lloyd. At 10 minutes to 11 these three ware in the back sitting-room, which is divided from the passage by • wooden partition running to the top of the home, when they heard three hard blows as of a man's fist on the cellar door. Much alarmed they rushed off tc bad, and beard no more that night. On Mr. Both wieVa retain he pat a new floor to the cellar, making it even with the postage. All went well onta July 25 of the present year, the anniversary of the former manifestation. At 20 minutes to 10 at night there were in thehonce Mrs. Bothwick and Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd, while a Mrs. Parkinson was in the next bonse adjoining the passage. The three per sons firstnamed heard load raps on the parti tion, and Mr. liloyd went oat, bat saw no one, and searched the cellar with similar result. The rapping continued, sometimes appearing to be on the partition-and sometimes under the stairs. It tamed out that Mrs. Parkinson was not the person rapping, and on Mr. Lloyd giving a rap on the wall he was startled by heating at the cellar door close to his elfc?w three knocks which shook the partition, and were almost sufficient to knock the cellar doDr down. He opened the door on the instant and eearched the cellar, but found nothing. He knocked again, and in reply there came three tetrific knocks on the cellar door, which Mr. lJojdbad just doted. He immediately opened it again, and nothing oonld be seen, although a lamp in the passage shone into the cellar. Shortly afterwards Mr. Bothwick and Mr. Parkinson, who had been out together, re turned home. The knocking continuing, they nude a careful inspection of both homes, but found nothing unusual. Half an hour later two polios officers arrived, and stayed some time. The knocking* eon tinned as before, at one time on the cellar door, at another on the stairs or at different parts of the partition. The people who were in the house also state that they distinctly heard foot steps on the floor above the passage, but on going up could see no one. The police con sidered the matter a practical joke, but could not tnggeit how it was done. Meanwhile the knocking, which could be plainly heard on the other side of the road, had attracted a large crowd, acd one of the men volunteered to Cim rtiCDicate with the "spirit." A conversation somewhat to tun following effect ensued:—Are you a man ? No answer. Are you English? Three raps, suppsaed to rctao yes. Are yon a woman? Toree raps. Are you in great trouble ? Three taps. Have the people in this house harmed you? No , answer. You are tronbling this hoose a de?l ? Toree raps. Did your friends barm you? Thiee raps. Did they kill you? Threetra n c: dou* rape. Mrs Bothwick here aTrfainnwl, " For gracious sake let the man go away!" He ren aioed, however, at Mr. Both wick's wi'b, tr.d continued the questioning, with the result that the interrogator [iro?cunced tbat a woman was troubling the hence on account of some crime com mitted many years ago. About midnight the knocking began to subside, and the crowd Dispersed, but the Bothwiok family would not go to bed. Mrs. Bothwick lay on the bed for as boor or to with her clothes on, and Mr. Bothwick tat on a conch till he went to work et 6 next morning, and two young men stayed with biro. The rapping gradually died away, and ceated altogether aboat 1 o'clock. The Botbwicln determined not to iemain in the bonce, and on the following Tuesday removed to Haddo street, sitting up on nearly all the in tervening days until midnight. Two ladies, who appeared to be interested in the subject of eprritoaliim, oalUd before they removed, and •aid they tboold have liked to near the rappisga. One of them said she Oil not suppose the "spirit" would trouble anyone till next year, bat it might, as it had been spoken to. 