THE PROBLEMl OF POVERTY. (From the Christian World.) ON Sunday morning Dr. Marcus Dods con cluded the exposition of the First Epistle to the Corinthians which he has been giving during the winter to his congregation in Ren field Free Church, Glasgow. The discourse was occupied principally with a careful state mantL. lthoprobleamo?po?varty,.suggeaedby. Paul's instructions with reference to the col lections to be made at Corinth for the poor Christians of Jerusalem. After a few intro ductory sentences relating to Paul's reasons for the advice he gave, Dr. Dods continued : In our own day poverty has assumed a much more serious aspect. It is not the poverty which results from wrong-doing or indolence, which presses for consideration. Such poverty could easily be met by individual charity or national institutions. But the poverty we are confronted with is a poverty which necessarily results from the principle of competition, which is the mainspring of all trade and busi ness.' It is the poverty which results from the constant effort of every man to secure custom by offering a cheaper article, and to secure employment.by selling his labour at a cheaper rate than his neighbour. So over stocked is the labour market that the employer can name his own terms. Where he wants one main, a hundred offer their services, and he who can live most cheaply secures the place. No slaves were ever so hunger-bitten, no lives were ever more crushed under per petual and hopeless toil, than are thousands of our fellow countrymen and countrywomen in our own time. In all our large cities there are thousands of persons, who, by working sixteen hours a day, earn only what suffices to maintain the most wretched existence. Every day, hundreds of children are being born to a life of hopeless toil and misery, unrelieved by any of the comforts or joys of the well-to-do. The most painful and alarming feature of this condition of things, is that it seems the inevitable result of the principle on which our entire social fabric' is built. The Very; advances made by civilised nations in, the rapid production of needful articles increase the breach between rich and poor, throwing larger resources into the hands of the few, but making the lot of the many still darkei: and more poverty-stricken. Here individual charity is unavailing. It is not the relief of one here or there that is needed ; it is the alteration of a system of things which inevi tably produce such results. Individual charity is here a mere mop in the face of the tide. What is wanted is not larger workhouses, where the aged poor may be sheltered, but such a system as will enable the working-man to provide for himself against old age. What is wanted is not the charitable should eke out by voluntary contributions the earnings. of the labouring classes, but that those earnings should be such as to amply cover all ordinary human wants. What the working classes at present demand is not charity but justice. They do not wish to seem to be indebted to others for a support which they feel they have toiled for and earned. They require a social system in which the honest toil of lifetime shall be sufficient to secure the toiler and his family from the dangers and degradations' of utter poverty. After insisting on the desirableness of some change and giving a careful summary of the socialistic demand, Dr. Dods continued: It may be possible that ways and means of --. working a socialistic scheme may be devised, and it is quite certain that if any system could be devised which is really workable, and which should at once save us from the disastrous results of competition and yet evoke all the energy which competition evokes, that system. would forthwith be adopted in every civilised country. As yet, however, no such social system has been elaborated. General principles, ruling ideas, theories, paper plans have been enunciated by the score, but in point of fact there is no system yet devised which appeals either to the common sense and instincts of the masses or which stands the criticism of experts. And some of those who have given greatest attention to social subjects are inclined to believe that no such system can be devised, and that true progress here as elsewhere begins in character, not in: out ward organisation. Appeal is confidently made to the mind of Christ, both by those who trust to the enforcement of a socialistic scheme and to those who believe only in the social improvement with results from the im ment of the individual. By the one party it is confidently affirmed that were Jesus Christ now on the earth He would be a Communist. Communism has been tried to some extent in the Church. In monastic societies private property is surrendered for the good of the community, and this practice professes to find its sanction in the communism of the primi tive Church. But the account we have of that communism shows that it was neither compulsory nor permanent. It is, perhaps, of more importance to observe that in pro bably the most critical period of the world's history, our Lord took no part in any polit ical movements; nay, He counted it a temp tation of the devil when He saw how much inducement there was to head some popular party and compete with kings or statesmen. He was no agitator, although He lived in an age abounding in abuses. And this limitation of His work was due to no superficial view of social movements, nor.to any mere shrinking_-... from the rougher work of life, but to His perception that His own task was to touch what was deepest in marn and to lodge in human nature forces which ultimately would achieve all that was desirable. . In any case the duty of individual Chris tians is plain. Whether needless and unjust poverty is to be relieved by social revolu tion or by the happier and surer, if slower method of leavening society with the spirit of Christ, it is the part of every Christian man to inform himself of the state of his fellow citizens, and to bring himself in some practically helpful way into connection with the wretchedness in the midst of which we are living. To shut our eyes to the squalor and vice and hopelessness which poverty too often brings, to seclude ourselves in our own comfortable homes, and to shut out all sounds and signs of misery, to ' abhor the affliction of the afflicted," and practically to deny that it is better to visit the house of mourning than the house of feasting-this is simply to furnish proof that we know nothing of the spirit of Christ. We may find ourselves quite unable to rectify abuses on a large scale or to discover how poverty can be absolutely prevented; but we can do some thing to brighten some lives, we can consider those whose hard and bare lives make our comforts cheap, we can ask our selves if we are quite free from blood guiltiness in using articles which are cheap to us because wrung out of underpaid and starving hands. It is true that anything we can do may be but a scratching of the surface, the lifting of a bucketful out of an overflowing flood which should be stopped at the source; still, we must do what we can, and all knowledge of social facts and kindly kindly feeling and action towards the oppressed are helpful, and on the way to a final settlement of our social condition. Let every Christian give his conscience fair play, Jot-Lhimmook-himooll~-·hob-Qritwould-" do his circumstances, and this final settlement would not be long postponed. But so long as selfishness rules, so long as the world of men is like a pit full of loathsome creatuires each struggling to the top over the heads and crushed bodies of the rest, no scheme will alter or disguise our infamy. Wife-" What's that horrid odour' Smells like alcohol." Husband-" Yes, my dear, we use alcohol at the Lodge for initiations. Take some alcohol, light it, put salt in flame, and makes folks look like ghosts, you know.' "But that odour comes from your breath." "Yes, m' dear; in the thirty-seventh degree I personate the chief demon with flames com ing from my mouth. I take a mouthful of alcohol and a swallow of salt and then set fire to it. But, m' dear, you mustn't tell these things. Secret s'ciety secrets very sacred, you know." A three or four inch tyre is looked at by rural travellers with something skin to amazement. And yet such a tyro not only does not damage a road, whether it be hard or soft, but it actually improves it, rolling it Ind making it hard, smooth, and firm. And, moreover, the load is drawn with greater ease. In field work the advantage is equally great. The wheels do not sink through an ordinary sod and very little in a stubble, while two horses will draw about 80 cwt. of manure upon freshly-ploughed land with four-inch tyres on the waggon wheels; they would be uuable to move half that amount upon 1l inch wheels. . 