Our London Letter. (fbom oub' bpkoiai. coebespondbnx^ -??-. .'?.'.' ,:'; ' .3^°W°!fi January 25 By the present mail Mr Ayerst Ingrain HI the president of the newly-formed societv HI of Anglo-Australian artists, goes out to ill Sydney in charge of a fine and choice col- 11 lection of : paintings for the forthcoming HP Sydney Exhibition. . The collection goosbv 111 the Britannia. Mr Ingram has a gocdly cou- ^ Sir F.' Leighton'8 beautiful and renownoa I 'Fhryne,' which is a gem, and worth an I exhibition all itself. Mr G Watts sends two important pictures, and Mr J. iig0(i contributes his llorid, splendid, and joyous ' Triumph of. Springs,' which won lost year in the Grosveiior such well merited admiration.; Messrs, Ingram and Gotch send a large and very line work represent ing the end of a wreck, and entitled ' Help less,' and Mr Waterlow sends a painting called ?' The Shepherd's Return.' Then the following contribute :— Messrs. Strutt, ' Lapland Lovers ;' Wyllie, ' King Cole;' C.Symons, ' Black-eyed Susan ;' Hacker,' Movhf.rless ;' Solomon, ' Remorse j' Weedon, 'Evening in Holland '.'and besides these there will be found in the collection a goodly number of fine and softly finished water-colors. Mr Ingram has charge of the whole collection, -which is to be set out in the National Art Gallery, Sydney. The Scotsman speaks well of Mr Patchett Martin's ' Australia and the Empire,' and Professor Tyndall has written to the author in most flattering terms, and has moreover alluded to the evil that Mr Gladstone has done in regard to impairing relations be tween England and Australia. Letters have been received by Mr Martin from Lord and Lady Sherbrooke.of a most gratifying character. ' Lor'd Sherbrooke, who under t.ha lionri nf *' Rnbnrf. Lowh' nnnfiiirfl in tha volume, is much pleased by tho fidelity I wherewith Mr Martin has drawn his por- I trait aa a colonist. Altogether, the book I has been well received, but the London Echo, for some occult reason, thinks it 'shallow.' This is a very convenient form ' of ready-made criticism that does nob count for much. ' The debate in the French Chamber this week on the Tonga Islands and some other groups,. in the ..-.Pacific which Franco hankeri afteris Very suggestive, and shows how easily a serious difference might arise between the two Governments. The French Minister of Marine alleged that in cases ' when, the ? natives were '. in clined'1 to . . seek', . the \ ^shelter of the glorious ..tricolor, the missionaries hnd 'in terfered and 'prevented ..the .comfortable annexation, under cover of ' protection,11 from coming off. . The Minister of Marine pointed out that the Panama Cnnal rendered places of strategic value on the Pacific more than ever important to France. Undoubtedly, and is not that the very reason why1 Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand- should, all 'pull' together to keep France out of those places of vantnge? It is well in. these cases to be forearmed. The' Col.on nl Mutual Asssurane« Society is d --ing well with its London and English branches generally. /Indued,- the society is taking well here. It.is noteworthy that a life has just fallen in through a ttreet acci dent, ' bringing the charge on the society of £1000 ; only £14 hud been paid ! This is one of the society's very hard bargains, but it demonstrates the valuo of life assurance. It is rather curious that tb,e person in ques tion had just 'discontinued insuring jn an 'accident' company, and immediately after met with a fatal accident. I have' just had a circular, put in my hand drawn up arid issued by Mr Thomas Calcutt, the senior, valuator, for all New Zealand \ Government 'and private' railway lines. : Mr Calcutt is now attending at the New Zealand agency office to advise intend ing colonists'. He is a man of vast expe-.. rience, and has travelled over the whole of the colony. This seems a good method for introducing men of intelligence, industry, and capital into the colony. I have ju.st had some interesting letters and newspaper extracts ', concerning Mr Douglas B. W.' Sladen's lecturing tour in the United States and Canada... Mr Sladen has been met everywhere with a very warm reception, and he has now given some very successful lectures on Australian poetry. He has also lectured on travels in Europe It is, very gratifying to'Eee by the Trans Atlantic ' papers that have reached me that in all American educated circles there, is evidently a very, warm feeling towards Australia and towards Australians, not omitting, of course, Tasmania and New- . Zealanders.V Mr Sl'a'den, by the; way, has just had a very unique compliment paid! him by' the Royal Scottish Society of' Literature, who have just elected him a life working corresponding member. This is a distinction shared. only,, by- Whittier,. Oliver Wendnir Holme's,' Marlr Twain, Jules 'Verne, and.MaxO'Eell. ,-, '.. Mr ; George Halsej the sculptor of thafr fine group, tho ' Discovery of Australia by Britannia,' has a now novel in the Press, entitled 'Graham Aspen, Painter.' Hurst and Blackett are the publishers. Mr Halse's former novel ' Weeping Ferry' has done very well. It was' a decidedly interesting sight down at the docks this week, to see the detail of the arrangements for sending out the first of the two large supplies of salmon ova, bound for tho Britain of the South, for before this reaches my readers the second instalment 'will be on tho way. The moss lined ' trays are beautifully made ; and the little j arrangements for keeping the right temperature, and supplying just the re quisite moisture and no. more, are very ingenious. Mr Johnson has again done his work; admirably. He has, by the way, carried out all these ova shipments since 1860\. \ A very poor actor having played the part of the ghost in ' Hamlet' for many years,1 Saphir, the German wit, on 'seeing, him, said, ',It would be a good thing if this man gave up tho' ghoBt, so that some body else could take his part.' A young poet pnee sent the humorist an ' Ode to Immortality,' requesting his opinion of it. Saphir returned, the manuscript with the message, 'This package will never reach its address.' 'Three persons,' remarked: the wit, ' sleep soundly a child, a corpse; and a; night-watchman. During, his sojourn in X.,j8aphir was frequently in the society ; of a -^ell-known theatrical manager whose dulness was notorious/ ' ,' How strange it is : .' that my legs' go to:slee'p everyday'!'-he tb^ marked upon' one occasion.' .'' How, can ypu'T ; wonder Tq returned ; Saphir.'' They' are'' - - /-. always in yb'uydonipany ,'\'. :'?.,',-,'' ?'--?' - i :?-.-?( J- ' ? ; .'/O'.-'ii ?;???-;???'. ? - 