Religion arid !v ; Philanthropy. All Men are Xiars. • On Sunday tlio Kev. G. D. Buchanan prcaohed'afc the Wickham terrace Presbyterian Church", in'the evening, from tho text Psalms cxvl.'11: "I eaid in my haste all men are liars." The rev. gentleman said that it might be taken 'a8, a profound truism in life that a man's opinions of tho life and character of another depended far more 'upon the char acter . and . idoas of the self-consti tuted. jqdge than upon the charaotor of the judged one; and before one felt unduly elated, or depressed by any man's praise or censure, ho should first explore the dopths of that man's mind and soul, and perhaps as a re sult of these explorations, the important dis covery.would be made, that he was not capable of a true estimate of the life and doings of anotnor. For people's opinion on the life and charaoter of men was very often biased, as tho points of similarity between thom were strong ri*> waaV. Wo nmild aaa hoar mf>n*n or weak. We could see how mcu*B experience of men! varied as the ratio of their experience of life, by glancing at the life of David. He cried . aloud in his misery of spirit, " Han is liko to vanity, his days are as a shadow that pasaeth away." And then again, when this gloomy view of life was brightened by the reflection of the wonders and glories of the Infinite, when bo lifted hie tear-stained eyes and grief-ploughed face, and saw the sun smiling on tho beauteous land, the harvest, and the plenteousness of earth, tho beauties of the blue vault of Heaven studded with myriads of glittering stars ; when he reflected on the mighty upward strivings of the human heart, he uttered a different note, " Thou hast made him but little lower than God, and crowned him with glory and honour." It waB'a curious f&ct; bow at one time in men's lives their ideas of life r and the things of life experienced an almost total change'. Thero were the two extremes of thought, the pessimistic and the optimistic. The pessimist looked with dark and gloomy gaze around upon this fair world, saw nothing good, no hope, and no beauty, while the optimist rushed into the other ex treme, and saw no sin, no misery, no wretched ness; everything was grand, glorious, and beautiful.v Host men had experienced both these • extreme states in their lives. This pessimism and optimism were to bo found running throngh the whole of onr phil osophy from the time wheo Mencius and Kong 2000 years ago engaged in the controversy on Human Nature." This pessimism was rampant throughout tho world, laying" waste many a fair land and destroying the ripening harvests about to be gathered as the reward of mueh toil and anxiety. To every man who is capable of thought there comes three unans wered and unanswerable questions, " Whence r why? and whither?" "Whence came I'r" a ques tion whioh God alone could answer, "Why ami?-' a question whioh was the essence and kernel of ell eth:cal philosophy. "Whither am I going ?.? a question on which the whole of ancient and modern philosophy turned. And accordingly as the mental and spiritual lens was directed to these questions, the result was good or evil. The man who had looked at them by a,certain light cried, " I see nothing but sin, suffering, and misery on the earth; man is but a worm, helpless and blind, knowing nothing, seeing, nothing, tripping and falling into innumerable pitfalls as ho staggers onward throngh the black night towards bis doom. Life is nothiog but one groat injustice, from helpless childhood to blear and dim old age." And again the optimist looking at these questions through rose-coloured spectacles exclaimed—" Ah I there is no evil in tho earth nor in!the universe, the first law of which is justice. Man is doomod to suffer, but only because he • has deserved that suffering. In some past life he h&) sinned, and tho chains of that mighty law which encompasses us, demands that the harvest of the evil seed sown in that other life shall be gathered injthis " . That which ye sow yo reap •, see yonder 5 fields! The Scasamum was Scssainuin, the corn \--.was corn, ; The silence and tho darkness knew, ' So is a man's fato bora. He cometh, reaper of the things he sowed. Scssamum, corn, ?o much cast in past birth, I And so much weeu. and poison- stuff which mar I Him and the aching earth." 4 , j .This was tbo essence of tho Buddhistic I ethics which dealt with the relation of bin with suffering. This was the law which kept in view tho grand climax of tho Buddhistic an conscious life, "Arinw/fl," " One with life. Yet lives not; he is blest ceasing to be Om Mani Padme Om, tho Dewdrop slips Into tho shining sen." Wo found an expression ot tho pessimistic view of life in Homer, Diogenes, Pyrrho, Schopcnhau-, Houtman, and Addison. Homer had written thus:— Like leaves on trees, the race of raau is found Now-green in youth, now withering on the j ^f^hor mco tho following Spring supplies,! iae> fall successive, and successive rise; £r 8o generations in their course decay, oo nourish these, when those havepass< , when those lmvepassed away." | And what & picturo wo had of that doubting, | oywcal old philosopher—Diogenes, whoa with | the mind's eye wo saw him in Athens groping j his way through tho night, his lantern iu his j hand seeking for what ho believed could never ! be discovered—an honest man ; or behold him 1 stamping n^on tbo rich carpets of Pluto, in Jdmost childish rage, ur ho hurled his taunts at ^optimistic sago, Snhoponhaur'SjHoutwan's, tod . Addison's ideas rogarding' this liio could be summed up in a fow words! "Alaa! mau »' made in vain. How ho is given over to misery and mortality, tortured in life aud nv&uowed; up in death. However wo brazen Hout, women uro but a littlo breed." Aud r. .° had struck hardest'of all when ho exclaimed,. "Mankind is. a hord of swino, noting on board a rudderless ship in the jbidsr,. of a storm." If we took-this view of .believed as Davids exclaimed, that Ajl men we liars,? we should darken with a darkness transcending the Egyptian night this bright, and in sprite of all that was said to tho contrary, beautiful world. The danger of indulging and giving way to these pessi mistic ideas lay in the fact, that those things which men believed in were reflected in them selves. That which man fancied ho saw in others became, after a time, real in himself His soul was filled with black clouds, and alas, very often minus its silver lining. This was the cause of so much gloomy sadness and discontent In tho world. " Wo often meet people whose sweetest smile is suggestive of neuralgia, and their most cordial greeting depresses; like an Austrnlianhot wind. They go lioine at night with funereal faces, and tho littlo children ceaao thoir singing and wives refrain from smiling. They go abroad in tho morning like a Sctoch mist to drizzle discontent in the street and the market nlace. They enter the house of God to render its songs of praise requiems. A croaking raven is the device on their shields, a coffia with cross-bones tho blazon on their banners, until people felt that they could say to them like Macbeth to Banquo's ghost*• Hence, horrible shadow, eter nal mockery, henco." Theeo were the people who took tho pessimistic view of life, audlikeDavid exclaimed, "All men are liars " But the extreme optimistic view of life was not the right one either. The man who said, "All things are good and be .utiful" was as far wrong as he who said, 44 All things aro evil." ThiB optimism had a place in many of our greatest works, both ancient and modern. Sophocles had said, 44 Wondrous are many things, but nothing more wondrous than man." Henry Smith exclaimed, 44 When wo turn our eyes upon the soul, it will soon tell us its own royal pedigree, by those sacred hieroglyphics which it bears upon itself." Then came the opinion of that mighty thinker, Shakespeare, 44 What a piece of work is man; how noble in reason, how infioite in faculty, in form and movement, how expreat and admir able; in action how like an angel; in apprehension how like a god!'' The danger of this optimistic extremo lay in this, that men became blinded with the excess of light, like one issuing suddenly from the dark into the light. Tho optimist soared high up into the clouds. He saw no ugliness, no discord, no unhappincss wrapped in the misty vapour.of his cloud lands, all things seemed beautiful and good. But was this the reality? No. And however elevating aud noble the op timist's conception of life might be, it would be bettor for him to learn that 44 life is real, life is earnest." Life was not all good, any more than it was all bad, and the harm arising from this soaring away above others heads, was that they had no'proper conception of sin, no idea of the. purpose and value of siiffering, no knowledge of the price paid for liberty, nor of the hunger, misery and doubt which fills the world. Then came the trnthfol mean in man's estimate of life. There was tho good and the bad in all man kind, but the influence of the Christlike in man was tho principlo which produced spiritual harmony. David in his has to was a pessimist, but "after reflection and experience he knew man's true worth, Man was a compouud of apparent contradictions. Pascal had known this when ho wrote, " Man is the glory and the scandal of the universe." So, too, had Young, when he produced those beautiful lines: How poor, how rich, how abject, how august, How complicate, how wonderful is man, How passing wonder, He who made him such, Who centred in our make such strange extremes! The inclinations of tho natural man were un mistakable, the pa&jious; which were inherent in him, like fiery steeds, were impatient of con trol, if the reins wero Blackened but for a moment there was an impetuous rush of wild fury. There was little wonder, when we con sidered that redemption was so difficult a matter and the victory so glorious. Then tho other element' in humanity was tho spiritual man whose faculties were regenerated by tbe Son of Righteousness, and this element changed the bleak winter into Bwiling and fruitful summer. This was the most sublime work of earth or of time, the regeneration of mankind through Christ and him crucified; and look where we would wo would still find that Christ and Christianity were the only existing equi poise to the counterpoise of the world's baseness. ^ !. 