MAIL NEWS. (From English Papers to 1st November DESPERATE ENCOUNTER WITH POACHERS. A desperate poaching affray took place early one morning in the book with Woods, "longing to Lord Bute, near Cardiff. A party of three keepers and two constables encountered a gang of nine poachers armed with heavy bludgeons. A terrible conflict followed, and the poachers got clear away. The keepers were all more or less injured, and a constable named Berry was so severely beaten about the head that his life is despaired of. ATTEMPT TO MURDER TWO CHILDREN AT KILBURN. At the Marylebone Police Court lately, Mary Edith Farnell, aged thirty, a married woman, of 143 High-road, Kilburn, was charged with attempting to murder her two children, Mary Eleanor, aged 3 years and 11 months, and Beatrice Isabella, aged 7 months, by strangling them. Mr. C. E. Bowker, solicitor, defended. A policeman stated that he was in the High-road, Kilburn, about 6 o'clock on Wednesday evening, and was informed that a murder had been committed at 143 High-road. He proceeded there, and went upstairs and broke open the door of the prisoner's room. On entering he saw two children on the floor with strings tied tightly round their necks, and blood running out of the older child's mouth. The string was cut and a doctor sent for The prisoner was looking at the children, and as he cut the string she exclaimed, "For God's sake, don't out the string. Let them die ; they will then be happy.' ' (The prisoner wept bitterly as this was repeated.) Another policeman stated that he and two other constables applied artificial means of respiration to the elder child who appeared to be unconscious, until the arrival of the doctor. Dr. John Charles Smith, of 2 Gascony- avenue, said he was called to the house and found the elder child in a state of insensibility, almost pulseless, and apparently not breathing. The artificial respiration was continued for half- an-hour, when it breathed freely. The insensibility was probably the result of strangulation. If the police had not induced respiration, the children would most probably have died. Inspector Cooper said that the prisoner, after being cautioned, said, " I was out of my mind when I did it. I did not know what I was doing. I wrote the letter (produced) about an hour ago. I did not think of killing them when I wrote it. I saw a ghost the other night, and had Mrs. Pansy stayed with me this would not have happened. I have not known what I have been about for nearly seven months. People have teased me so, and I was threatened by a lot of people that they would kill me, and I have not known what I have been doing since. I thought they had better go with me as I was dying." She was very much excited, and said she would like the children to die with her, as they were given, and might, perhaps, go on the streets and fall into the hands of " Jack the Ripper, That name she repeated many times. Henry Arthur Sansom, a medical man, of Eresby-road, Kilburn, said he was called to the house to see the prisoner, who told him that she did not know what she should do. She repeated the name " Jack the Ripper" many times. That continued for ten minutes, and during that time she took no notice of what was said to her. He had examined her on the previous evening, and found no evidence of consumption. He thought from her condition that she had previously been subject to melancholia. The prisoner, a very respectable-looking ing person, by the advice of her solicitor, pleaded not guilty, and reserved her defence. Mr. Cooke committed her for trial. THE PRINCE OF WALES IN EGYPT. The Prince of Wales and Prince Albert Victor left Athens on Monday for Egypt, where the latter will at once embark for India. They were accompanied to the PirreuB by the King of Greece and his second son, who took leave of the Prince of Wales there, as well as by the Empress Frederick and the Princess of Wales with their daughters, who went on board the yacht Osborne, and accompanied the royal travellers some distance out to sea. The scene in Piraeus Harbour was very brilliant and stirring and. complimentary to the Prince. As the Osborne steamed out through the forest of vessels and war-ships of various nations they all manned yards, cheered, and fired salutes. Just outside the harbour six of the chief ironclads of the Channel Squadron were waiting:. Between the islands of Salamis and REgina the Princess of Wales and her daughters took final leave of Prince Albert Victor. The Prince arrived at Port Said in the Osborne at 10.30 on Wednesday night. He was received by Sir E. Baring and the Governor-General of the Bjchmus of Suez. His Royal Highness proceeded in the Osborne to Ismailia on Thursday THE EMPEROR WILLIAM ON THE BRITISH NAVY. The Emperor William, accompanied by Prince Henry of Prussia, and attended by his suite, visited the British fleet at the Piraeus on Wednesday, and took lunch with Admiral Hoskins on board the Dreadnought. His Majesty wore the uniform of a British admiral, and his flag was hoisted on the Dreadnought, that of Admiral Hoskins being transferred to the temeraire. The Emperor first inspected the Dreadnought, and then visited the Benbow, Temeraire, and COlossUS, returning to the flagship for luncheon, at which, besides the British Admiral, all the captains of the squadron, and Sir E. Monson, the British Minister, were present. Admiral Hoskins, in proposing the health of MB distinguished guest, spoke of the honour done to the British navy in creating the Emperor Admiral of the Fleet. His Majesty, in reply, said that he was very pleased at and proud of the rank which Queen Victoria had conferred upon him. " It might be supposed, the Emperor continued, "that my interest in the British navy dates from my appointment as Admiral of the Fleet, but it is not so. From a boy, even as an urchin running about Portsmouth Dockyard, I have taken the deepest interest in British ships. My inspection of the ships to-day has afforded me great pleasure, and I congratulate you on their appearance. Nelson's famous signal is not now necessary. You all do your duty, and we, as young naval nations, come to England to learn from the first navy of the world." In conclusion, his Majesty called for " three cheers and one cheer more" for the British navy, which were heartily responded to by the German officers of the suite. The visit lasted six hours, and as the Emperor returned to shore salutes were fired, while the sailors manned the yards to give their distinguished guest a parting cheer. THE GERMANS IN EAST AFRICA. Fighting has occurred between BuBhiri's 1K forces and Captain Wissmann men, in which the former lost about 300 and the latter only seven men. Official intelligence received in Berlin from Zanzibar states that during Captain Wissmann's recent visit to Mpwapwa three Arabs were found guilty of complicity in the attack upon that station by the insurgents, and in the murder of Herr Nielsen, one of the officials of the German East African Company, in July last,- and were executed. A cannon which had been captured by the Arabs was delivered over to the captain by the natives, who everywhere heartily greeted the arrival of the German Expedition. Captain Wiseman intends to establish a military station at Mptvapwa. It is reported that the. German Colonisation Company in Pondoland has been broken up, and that its goods and agricultural implements were sold at a great sacrifice. THE FUNERAL OF THE LATE KING OF PORTUGAL. The funeral of the late King Luis of Portugal took place on Saturday. The ceremony, which was of a very imposing character, commenced at half-past 6 in the morning, when the cortège left Berlin for the Pantheon of Saint Vincent, Lisbon, which was not reached until 4 in the afternoon. In addition to the court officials a number of deputations, representing various trade and other societies, followed on foot behind the funeral car, which was completely covered with magnificent wreaths, and was immediately followed by another carriage also filled with wreaths and floral offerings. Next came a long procession of court equipages, containing the royal and princely mourners, and the representatives of the foreign Powers. The Papal Nuncio awaited the arrival of the cortège at the Church of St. Vincent, where the Diplomatic Body and the members of the royal household had also assembled, and after the Patriarch had blessed the remains they were consigned to their last resting- place in the Pantheon, the conclusion of the obsequies being announced by a salute of 101 guns. After the funeral Queen Pia, accompanied by the Duchess of Aosta and her maids of honour, went to the Pantheon, _ where her Majesty remained for some time in silent prayer. THE ALLEGED OUTRAGES IN CRETE. The Baptist Union have received the following letter from the Marquis of Salisbury,, in reply to a memorial on the subject of the Atrocities in Crete :-"Sir,-I am directed by the Marquis of Salisbury to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th instant, calling attention on behalf of the Baptist Union of Great Britain and Ireland to the reports of outrages said to have been recently committed in the island of Crete. In reply, I am to state that her Majesty's Consul in Crete has visited various parts of the island for the purpose of investigating these statements, and that the result of his inquiries has been to show that many of the statements which have appeared in the Press are greatly exaggerated. In particular, the charges of violation of women seem to be unfounded. I am to add that such cases as appear to require investigation and punishment have been brought to the knowledge of the Governor-General, who has exerted himself in inquiring into and repressing any barbarities am, &c.;, T. H. SANDERSON." By the use of coal mining machines 160 miners in a mouth eau mine as much coal in the same time as 500 miners by the old methods. The horse power steam used in the United States on railways, steamers, and in the factories and mines was in 1838 12,100,000, against 1,610,000 in 1850. In Cashmere 30,000 shawls are made yearly. It takes three men a year to weave a pair. It takes ten goats to furnish the material for one party and a half square. A recent consular report shows that co-operative societies are becoming very numerous in Germany, and that over 4000 are doing a profitable business in that empire. The Empress of Germany is said to wear on her shoulder at court fêtes a magnificent aigrette in diamonds which belonged to Napoleon I., and which was attached to his hat at Waterloo. Some electric railways will be laid along the rivers of Northern Russia, where the extreme cold endures during the greater part of the 