A BOHEMIAN'S NOTES. Can thero bo any doubt bat that the Pre) wields a powerful influence for good and criff Last week a lady writer fold m that rnrn— <3 things that nasscurrent formon in —had taken to weariog corset ; and trending upon tho very stay bees, so to speak, ofthfi announcement comes tho fulloiring advertise ment in tho Agony column of a Melbourno paper "Grocer's carter, rctnni lady's stays. Mean thing to take them." Mean ! I Fh"uld think so. To quote the title ol one of Lord Lytton'a novel?, however, " What will he do with it ? " Fancy a man bring tnsd enough tolnkoa second-hand veriment of that kind home to bis wife. What n wirl of hurried conjecture would associate with the gift 1 It would Ik heed with distrust, stitched with jealousy, fringed with suspicion and every bit of whale bone that brought it into conformity with fctnalo form divine would be a whalcbon,. contention. Nor can ho want it for his sweet heart, to wliMii the gift would s-cm « nasty insinuation as to the imperfection of her figure, and if there i? ono thing in thu world that should be accepted with complete con fidence it is a woman's figure. No; theru Is but uno conclusion possible. Tho uni-er's carter wears them, ami his rival, the butcher's boy, wilt ho fll of envy after t he nest social of the Bandicoot Club. Change is tho order of the Universe, ntxl as the wemen are leaving them off why shouldn't the men wear them ? It will give the exquisite of fashion a now topic for conversation, a new garment npon which to lavish his most tender solicitude. ' Mine are kwimson, don't you know, fuungod with silk and, oh I such pwotty matowial."Tho" Ideal audthe"Acmo" will no longer bo enigmas when seen in advertisements other than illus trated. After all it is merely an mtcrchruigu of garments, for when the icon almost universally wear corsets the women will with rqual certainty have adopted tho divided skirt. Thi-i means thu ultimate physical triumph of the present weaker sex. When in future Mrs Masculiue gov? down to the ground, of an evening to play skittles or cricket, sho will tell her friends that she couldn't bring poor Cyril because ho was suffering from such a pain in tho back. "Our old complaint, you know, dear." Other con siderations creep in. At a Mayor's luncheon, or a Press suppnr, ono may at present surreptitiously loosen tbo lower buttons on his waistcoat without the naxb chair guest being a wore of it, but bow shall a man'rriievo tho pressure on his space when that pressure comca from a eoreet. The dessert will have to be Held over. Ah 1 my friends of tho voting sex, let nob tho Httlo vanity of trying to acquire a, wrist liko a Family Herald duke in- ferferc with there solemn but solid considera tion?. It was in the raids? of tho rain on Sunday night, tho rain that Nature, knowing hotels are closed, was serving out by the tankful to a thirsty populace, and tho tram was crowded chiefly with young men driven by stress of weather from the customary cruising ground in Bourko street. When thero was jnut room for no more in camo n lady with n masculine stride, a figure in which tho lines were severely straight, and an expression of tho cast iron typo largely affected by the advocates for woman's rights. Everyone looked at everyone el.-f> in that par ticular way which seems toaay, " Won't ?ome- body else save mo tho trouble of making room for a lady " The lady grasped tho situation and her umbrella aa sho said, " Pray don'c trouble yourselves on my account, young gontlemw. I'm old enough to be yrur mother, and not entitled to any consideration. But if my hair had just been dyod yellow, my eyebrows blue aod mv face freshly enamelled and powdered ; if I had a cotton wool chest, a hydraulic-pressure waist, and was figged out with blrd- caga wire, you would have just fallen over each othor in your eagerness to moke room for me. But, thank Heaven I I'm not built that way." And she wasn't. But if there was not in her composition a strong mixture ol sarcasm, and if her critical faculties were not abnormally doveloped, those young men's looks were no indication of their opinions. Professor Jackson, a muscular bruoottc from the Sydney side, who is now wading kneo deep through the slang of tho American prizo ring, says that tho pugilist of that great country has given bo much time to tho develcpc- rr.oofcof jaw, and pace as a footrtinnrr. that ho has forgotten how to hit. The Professor haa undertaken to revive tho first prin- ciples of his art, and stands a chance of being put in prison as a bod innat There would really appear to bo something in tho assertion that tho prizo fight of tho United States is a beautifully peaceful and huuiano function. I got hold of an American sporting paper the otfier day, in which was a leusthy account of a strugglo between two under-sized pedestrians named Myers and M'Auliffe. In spite of tho protestations of the Town Mar shall, who quito noedlcssly threatened to arrest tbo crowd if one of the fighters was injured, they got through some 65 rounds before tho inevitable goal— a draw— was reached. The fight is folly describe.! in tho paper and I givr, one or two rounds as n sainplo of what tbe American rcnorter is obliged to resort to in furnishing copy for a prize fight. Rounds 18 and 19.— Tho men exchanged smiles in the 18th and nothing else. M'Auliffo dropped his hands by his side frequently in tho 19th, stratghthened out his fingers, and in dulged iu a little quiot u joshing." Myers kept his left fist shut tight and chewed guui. Round ! 20.— M'Auliffo led twice, bat didn't laud. Myers shifted his quid from the l?ft tb the right jaw. Big Sandy at the door took a fresh chew of pine, ond Aid. Red. Sheridan touched his lips to Dan O'Brien's bottl-— merely ns a guarantee of good faith. Miko M Dunald wit down on tho floor with tho remark: 'This game's dead easy; ralcreeing is a softer snap than I thought it was.' Mean! while the two gladiators were indulging iu a harmless flirtation. Rounds CO to 64.— John Thatcher went across tho street to the eatin hoove, and paid _60 cents for a cup of Stork county coffee, two inches or Centennial bologna and a package of »re cracker?, npen which he broke a 43-hour fast. The iieople in the hall were falling asleep. Myers and M'Auliffe? Oh, they tvero up lucre catching cold. Round 05j— After tnree minutes of gazing Referee M'Donatd ?ays These men aro liable to light nt this gait for an IndeEnito period. Don't you think thnt in order to gefe us back to i Ohicago in time for tho wnimr eJectiou we'd better call it ndraw? Cou.e, gents, what do you say ?" No senous objec tion wo? offered, ami a draw it was. Yet they say tho American is a hard mao, and that the heat of competition in commerce and manufactures hat burr.ed up all tho milk of human kindness in him, Nonscnsol Tho whiz, which is his national state of exist ence, has merely converted tbe milk on tho separator principle into the cream of Christian conduct. What finer illustration of brotherly lovo could one havo than the spectaolo of those two tender hearted pugilists engaging in a staring match tor tnreo hours and a quarter. Yet ell tliab while resisting ths touching appeal of a Fenian in the gallery, "For the luvo' Ilenvon, let yo stroike each other wansht an'havo dons widit." This should teach our local pugilists that bloodshed and battery are not essentials in ft prize fight, aud that there is no real reason why their fists should be used liko the buffcrd of a railway engine to spoil tho symmetry of the human countenance. They inanago those things better in America, where tbo requisites for tlio prize riug aro:— 1. Sufficient ability as a linguist to exebange compliments with tho audience in tho American dialectr. (2) Capacity to stand exposure on a cold day with light clothing and restricted exorcise. (3) A desire to live aud let live. Knowing that tbo Easter encampment of troops would shortly be Usher ed in— when temperance principles are invariably routed at the point of the corkscrew— a Frenchman stopped a couple of artillery officers tho other day to apply for tbo position of cook to one of the batteries. He was referred on to the commanding officer, whoso nomo- was given, when, to tho surprise of the officers, tHb applicant forth© position of lush-compounded broke out indignantly, " Ah, grailem&ine;, yoH say go to Botdanger. You but trifle tyte-m/v 1 am not cuetome to ze English choke. . Trtlt£ Bonlanger, he has left Paris, but he will return en triumphe. no ia soldier. He Iras fight no6' in ze ahem fight but zo grand glorious." They stopped him just aa he was becomina apoplctic) and after giving him tima to cool; told hiui that tho officer's name wnfi not Douhingtr, but Ballr/gor; that ho could lick three Frenchman aqy dav; ond was to bo found at the Carlton Brewory. Mention of tbo brewery convinced him that it w ns no " choke." He seemed toknow that a brewery was an institution abcul which no Englsh- nran would speak flippantly. Melhourno journalism U pretty much en evidence in this monthfc "Centennial." Mr D. Frazcr Lumsden. lias something to say on the Greed of the Agnostio, and the something briefly is that ho is nob prepared to tako Herbert Spencer's Data of Fithcii as any thing liko o reasonable substitute for the latest fashion? in Christianity.- How shocked the British exhibitor and other learned bodies at the Exhibition would hava hpenj though, to hear Mr Lumsden talk in tfiis ! way— 'The foundation principle of agnosticism with a small a) is neutrality in respect of that which lieR behind phenomena; tbo ultimate reality, the all- boing, the nn condition hJ j caw." AftauefeUssbBrtambjettyeBotMt catch JotiraaHsts Bpeculating upon. Most of their spoliation, indeed, is dano upon laou- iowos. "Road and River" is a pretty littlo poutio allegory, in which Mr Howard Oughlnn, \- by permission of tho editor of tlio magazine, sayH somo really swoob things to hin bust girl, And what girl «'ouhl nob be Mr Coghlau'n best if ho writes to hum In this way. My uwii poutio memories cluster rather about tlio title of "Rowed on River," whom I put in a vast deal Of .physical exertion in a'boat built across like a hoppor oarge, and tho lady found tho poetry— in a :book. It was on tlm Yarra, ami suim-tiuTo love's young dream was interrupted by a float ing corpse. Rut no matter 1 These things, lllto tho Interruption, nro buried now. Tho lady Ima married a prospurouN merchant, and the blisters upon my IiiuuIh and heart aro oarely healed. " Through the deeoaso of Mr Blank," mud a Melbourne paper lately, " Mr So aml- Si» has /boon nominated by tint Public Service Board to perform his duties." But Mr Blank was ..uot dead, ami when ho called personally at tho office to assure tho editor that, if a corpse, ho was ab least as livoly a skeleton na aomo of thosu Sir Bryan has discovered under the Ministerial benches, ho, ui a fino spirib of irony, placed n broad black border upon Ins card, und Bnnt it up inscribed "'Mr J. 11. Blank, deceased." . Parliament wan opened to n ringing oT chisels and a thumping of hammers that would have delighted the soul nf Gharlca Jardina iUon' nulil he, with hohic of tint old leglslativci warriors, whoso voices onco rang in tho Cham ber, have been permitted, like tho ghost in 'YTauitot, to revisit former scones ol action. And a good many ghosts might have lurked in corners and corridors in the dim light nl tho gloomy afternoon. But tho only yhosb that Imunted honornblo inniiibern were tho wmiths of msb misdeeds. It seemed to mo that tho emblems of industry wero sounding appropriate welcomes to ono or two /champions of labor, worthy successors to tho r.iauof whom it wns said that "ho liniuiucrefl »wny nt blucstnno nil tlio day, and Imnmmrnfl away at' the squatters all tlio night." With two now mun up in the OppOBitmn corner it might have seeinnd to Mr Woods oppropriatn that tho Richmond hammers should make such clang niKto tho Stawcll freestone. Anyhow, thn significant nir to which the now Pnrlin- timut Bturted business was, "Thn clang of our hammers goes nil day long." . Now for a genoral glance at tho Glinmbiir. The Government Benches aro shamefully over crowded, although Ministers have moved out en to chairs, and in that painfully formal . position look llko a Christy minstrel troupe . waiting fur the first noto from tho orchustrq, And, In tho meantime, considerably troubled m to what they can do with their hands. Mr Dow is Bones, Mr Niinuio Tambo. If a n Melbourne cabman were to crowd up hi seats as tho Ministry do thoir's, ho would ba fined, lor a moral certainty. If Williamson, Guruor end Alusgrure woro to place chairs in the Princess Theatre piwsagcs, as tho Coalition Miuistry do in the Mouse, there would ho further trouble. Why should the jaws of safety and aauitatiau bo not observed by tho Government as well as by tho much-governed?' ilowovcr, Ministers, it must bo admitted,! lave tnado somo sacrifice in adapting themselves to tho limited spaeu. First i they have, of thoir own freo will, given up the comfortable sleeping accommodation of tho benches to their supimrtcrs, and taken lor themselves uncomfortable chairs, so that duiing a long sitting a Minister is liable nt any timo to talco tho floor— on his heart— without . actually meaning it. No doubt the Opposi tion would have been misulfiih enough to take ilia chairs and give Ministers their benches' hart they only asked for them. Then I nation that Mr Nimmo has cub his hair, and looks > much las like a first-class pout than formerly, ifoasiblv ib was discretion, and not vanity, which prompted him to out his hair during the .'lections. Prize-fighters when entering on « tough battle generally take tho same pre caution. : In the clioic ocf scats ib is noticeable thnt the now men crowd modestly into tho remotest comers. There is a solid maw of supporters directly behind the Government, bub talent nins very thin right back to tlm Chamber wall, 'riiero is a great deal of chat! mid littlo grain In this bulk, but for voting the husk counts fustnR much in Parliament as the kernel, Tho Government Corner is tho strongest little knot \- Intlmwholo House. Ainongstbhohalfdozcnthero nro Messrs Fattorson, Cartor, Madden and M'Lcaii, each with sufficient merit to malum Minister of tho Grown and loave material to . iparc. Tho Ministry havo mora to fear from B.ich a corner than from tho Front Opposition Wench, where, if they only knew It1, soma of their best frionds now sit -best of all, friends vhi> aro such by act, and not intention. The general elections have given a mala to viho honornblo member for Warmnmhooi (which, in nativo dialect, means "man-with- Mic-henvy- hnud.") Mr Oalvort is the now man with "musket on to him." IIo jart Ins I air in tho centre, and would probably part lis opponent somewhere about tho equator also wero he to bib him with maliuo aforo- thought, or even with his bare fist, If ever' tho Victorian Parliament has need to send a delegation to the Now South Wales Assembly, It would not bo a bad plan to choose Mr Calvert, Mr Murray, and Mr Fratik Stuart. Each has n chest brooder than the Government policy, deeper than tho Premier, and a voico to match. When thcRo three mndo their np- pcavanco in tho Sydney chamber I should / expect to see Mr Melville resign his positionas Olmirmauof Committee, for fear ol being called upon to rate tliom out of ordor, and the fighting M'Elhone creep quietly down the backstairs. Others of tlio young Australia party only ' partly fill— in a physical souse — tlio scats of ' their predecessors. Mr Peacock may ho ad-, vised not to stand edgeways when trying to witch tho Speaker's oye. Mr Annytuge, though lie rowed and racid success fully at Cambridge, does nob conic up to tho bust Western District sample of the M fust famines,'' and there nro one -or two others of thrifty physique, although grown in n cold climate; Some of the voungur ones are ambitious, and have taken Mr Zox a a guide upon tho cut and color of their waiBt ooat". Tho Ministry havo arranged, I hear, to keep the member with the laugh away from Mr Zox :ns much or possible during tho session, to that business may not be interrupted when the member for East Melbourne) tells one of his funny stories. Mr Shiols claims tho honor of making the first bull of tho now Parliament— a conse quence, no doubt, of thn country's dooislon on the Stock Tax. Mr Shiel say that botwnen three BtooU tho Rabbit Act comes to tlio 4 ground. Now, how a thing— 'whether animate or inanimate, whether in possession of all its faculties, or in Parliament— can got botwnen thivo s tools, without being safely seated on at least una of them, is nut altogether clear. Ono , might Ingsniouily place tlio ends together, something after tho fashion ol the Isle of Man cunt of arms, and then causo them to tip up if. ho really tried hard. Bub a member who would go to all that trouble would deserve to come to tho ground with a pretty considerable bump. The first sitting was beautifully illustrative of tho troubles with which members have boon chiefly beset duringtholr canvass. Mr Lang- ridge had what tho Scotch call a "heckling' about the prevalence of typhoid and the subject of deep drainage. And theaotivo littlo rabbit BeeniB to Iiavo flipped his white tail per-1 sistently in tho faces of members during -tho day, and to .have 'oft in tho atilly night " rat heavy on their chests. la fact, the 'House on Tuesday was, in something of & rabbit stow. And if the. rabbit is nob roasted, the Uovcrnuiout will bo. before tlio first session ends. \- On this samo question, I remember heating a member deliver himself years ago m'tho Parliament something in thiR way, bub huskily, and Scotch : — "Mcestor Speaker, I've'gang oot yon, in-thomunelicht, an' it was liko thusnaw driftin (loon a Hcoland glen tne scothmvhito fuds 'b the conniea." When will Pasteur's delegates turn looso their battalions of boc-j teria unon thu enemy 7 In tho city of Now York thoy contemplate rfv4oppning the musoumo, -picturo gnllorles':and public libraries on Sundays. Tho difficulty- there is one of expense only, for-they knodked tho Sabbatarian bqgboar on the head long ago. ' It was the custom of certain' wealthy men to accompany their gifts with tlio con- / Altion 'tliob thoy should nob be exposed b» tho gazo. o! -tho hardened sinner on a Sun day. Thus, men with gloomy views of lifo and demeanor generally austere wero enabled in a way to buy the peoplu's couioienco with fheir surplus wealth— so thattba.gifteworo probably in a doublesense consoionco money. Tho trus tees havo retnsed to accept (ill such gifts in future. Should any of tho rich Snbbntnvians , of Melbourne havo presented works of arts tdl our galleries ib would be a fair conces sion to their, .convictions in tho event of Sunday, opening to voil all such works' on Sunday Tho cosb in material would nnt, I imagine, be very .great. At prosent tho Sab batarians control tho exhibition of not merely i . their own gifts to Clio institutions— If th«y havo > really anything— bub tho gifts of tho Stato to tho i>eqple also, ' "A grnnd old planb ls -bho lvy grson.'' £xactlyt-bql thejvyrlibe«Uier things, has Its proper place.. Passing a oertain college for ymiogladimin JHelbourne the otherdty, I . .'fouldu'tavold, asa loverof.plants/ndtidng the . » .touaarkable progress tbob iheivy Ironb wall is making towards tho -dormitory windows. And roincraborlng tlmt ol lato years, aud on tho stogn, Romoos Invariably climb up, or Juliets comu down, by means of tiiu ivy green, ib seems to mo thab this tuxuriano growth in tlrts particular spot wits indiscroeb, to Bay thn least of it. But ns young ladies from religious colleges nnver go to tho theatres and never flirt— when the principal in looking— such tliouglitH as theso aro not likely to enter iuto thoir pretty nncVpious bends. "But how about Rill Tibbs, the Burglar ?" fcometme asks. Well, thoro Ib no fear on that Booro. for Mr Tilths tin nob provided himself with thn best ol " Jommiefl" nnd an expunnivo bracc-nnd-bit to go risking his precious life by olinibhig rcrial- Hk« up ivy tendrils. Ib may do for young people, whom hearts aro their chief weight, but not for William, thankn. Besides, coral brooches niul silver 'bangles though very good ns love-tokens nronf littlo use in tho crucible. Somo timo ago, when the crlckntcrs of a certain club wero riding the high, high horse, aetridu tlm giraffe, in fnob, I suggested thab with tho growing iwpulnrity ot football, and tlio waning powor of cricket otherwise than as 'iv msAtin for tho cnation of disputrs, tho cricketers might find tiiemsolvcH evicted, This is exactly what happened' at Fori Melbourne lust. Saturday. Tho crickotrrs there, utterly oblivious nf tho fact that summer had fled and uuawert by tho thud (if tlm bonuding ball, canto out lout Saturday to commence, perhaps", a six weeks' match. But tho footballers, seeing an -'opportunity 'for a littlo proctlen in snnnnnagitig, used .thoir in fluence, which is largoly physical, to prevent the match commencing. Briefly, they started prnutico nnd ehnuldoretl the' cricketers off tho field. It was arbitrary, per haps, bub then if' tliu cricketer won't tnku a hint ho nsay a nhciulrter. Bcsirtci, ib is not ;good for tlio sgricultural in'tercats that tho sninmcr should bo prolonged, nnd tiic footballer Is, U nuythiug.u ploughman. .Some times 'he ploughs -the turf with his forehead, sometime- his opponent's countenance with his fiat. Aud .as Parliament is uot in Rcssioii give us football. ' For n liusiness innu, MrL. L. Mount h ex tremely simple. IIoRuggestR tlintpomo of the rows of weatherboard building in tho suburbs erected by overrniiguinQ-spcciilitton', nnd n.lt yet tenanted, should bo temporarily used as hospital?. If it were possiivjn to ro use thein the hospital accommodation of MeJliaiiruo is at onco indefinitely extended. But ar tlm new terraces havo boon largely built upon Rwninps of variegatud nupect, which it was clienper to cover over with flooring bonrds than to fill up, tho institution thero CHtablished would prubably develop into a hospital for in curables. If Mr Mount had boon canvassing, say, the Eastern Subtirn«, intend of East Mel- iMiuri'c, ho would never have made that sug gestion. 