HE RODE TO WIN. ' I did not know you had so much poetry in your composition, ' observed Mrs. Anstruther languidly. Leila Mavsden arranged the delicate lace at her wrist with an air of abstraction. ' He is very good-looking and ho rides splendidly,' she said, and he — er — he aoes love me to distrac tion, you know.' ' As many others probably will do before your time is over, my dear ; but that has nothing to do with the case. You must get married, and Temple is just the man for you. As for the other one, he'll get over it in time ; tiioy always do. You are surety not going to trouble your silly little head about hiin ?' Miss Marsdcn rose aud walked across the- room to the verandah. 1 I'll think about it,' she said, half turning in the doorway to glance hack at her sister. ' I'll tliink about it, and I'll make up my mind this evening. There 1 I can't promise more than that, can I, Rose ? You are satisfied, aren't yon ?' ' Yes, I am satisfied,' replied Mrs. Anstru ther ; and, as she dozed through the long after noon that followed, she allowed her sister to figure very prominently in her dreams as the wife of Major Temple Arburton, of the Hussars, and future baronet. Sizirabad is famous for its pretty girls ; but prettiest and most striking of all was Leila Marsden at the race hall that night. ' Race bait' is, perhaps, too big a term to be uroperlv applied to it ; but the arrival of a couple of regiments on their way to the frontier had stirred up Sizirabad to sports on three days of the week, the race ball intervening. ' You'll como down to see the Jinish to morrow, Miss Marsden ?' asked' Tommv Campbell, the wit of Sizirabad, as he strolled up to Leila that evening and asked her for a dance. There's the cup race coming off, you know, and the ladies' handicap, and the race "Willoughby rides to win— the one with the lady as prize.' 'What do you mean?' asked Leila, laugh ing. ' He means . the ladies' prize race,' said Major Arburton, standing cloee behind her, aud glowering at Campbell over her shoulder. 'Aiid is Mr. Willoughby quite likely to .win it ?' asked Leila, somewhat indifferently. ' The betting is all on him ; hut lie's got a ticklish mount, aud I don't like that left-hand corner of the coarse. With a pulling horse and a vicious brute into tho bargain, you stand a rare chance of jumping the hedge aud dis appearing down the precipice. Can't imagine why they don't arrange things better ill this outlandish land ; but then I never have seen the advantages of India. Beg your pardon, Miss Marsden, didn't mean a pun.' Ami lie disappeared among the dancers with a comical look on his face, while Leila laughed forcedly and turned to her partner. 'How odd he is !' she said. 'By the way, what horse is Mr. Willoughby going to ride to morrow in the ladies' race ?' ' One of mine — Mazeppa. You seem to take a great interest in that fellow Willougby' (jealously). 4 Not at all. He is rather a friend of my sis ter's,' replied Leila carelessly. ' Aro not you going to ride in this interesting race, Major Ar burton?' 'If yon wish it (very tenderly), and if my weight will allow of it' (doubtfully). Tho mixed sentiment jarred on Leila ; hut he was rich, in a good regiment, with excellent prospects. What mattered it that he was far beyond thirty, and no longer so slim as he iiad been ? It was a good match for a penniless girl, aud he had no choice, aud so, long before the evening was over, people were whispering to gether concerning Miss Marsden and Major Ar burton, and a report flew about that lie had proposed and been accepted. The truth or otherwise of such statements was not to be read on Leila's face. To all out ward observance she was as calm and haughty and herqutiful as ever; None knew that she Iboked at her programme over and over again, to make sure that there was no mistake, and that the initials ' C. C. W.' scrawled against the fifteenth valse made her await that dance with a sickening heart. It'caine at last. The band struck up , the strains of a well- known valse, tlie room began to fill, and presently Leila Marsden, with paler checks than usual, and a strange beating of the heart, was floating round with Charlie Wil- ioughby Us partner.-' ' Shall we sit the rest out ?' he asked, when they paused at length. Leila bent her head in assent, and they passed out of the room on to. the long, low ver andah, somewhat to the dismay of her sister, who had watched them eagerly while together. The moonlight threw tho girl's pale face and tall, slight figure into strong relief against the dark verandah background. Charlie Willoughby loaned against n pillar overrun with creeper, aud looked at her fixedly. He made no excuse for himself, nor did lie break the silence between them; His eyes searched her face as though he would read there what he dared not trust him self to hear. - ' Presently Leila spoke. Her voice sounded' faint and tar away, even to herself. ' I hear,' she said pleadingly, ' that you are going to ride a very vicious -.horse tomorrow in the ladies' prize race. "Please don't ride it; please do not.' 'And I hear that you are engaged to marry. Major Arburton' (without tlie slightest, refer ence to her appeal). ' Is that true, Leila, oris it .not?'-. She looked down and traced a little pattern on tho stone floor with her foot. '.Is it true,;qr;is it not?' he repeated fiercely. She lifted Her eyes to his, and saw there the passion which trembled in his voice. - \- ' Don't be angry; oh, do not !' she cried,' putting up her hand with a depreciating gesture; 'they have made me do it. lam a burden to my sister, you know; arid I "couldn't stand it any longer ; and he is not so bad : but I love you the best — oh,' so much the best! You know it ;, only I— ty-I am so miserable.'. : ' Doubtless,'- he vsa.id gravel v,; never for an instant removing.his eyes from'the fair, piteous face ; ' so am I— very, miserable, so have I been for the past month ; but my misery doesn't seem to touch you much. So you are going to marry this Croesus, this elderly future baronet, and throw me over quite, are you, Leila?' She twisted and untwisted her hands nervously, hut made no reply. ' And you arc good enough to take sufficient interest in me to wish me not to break my neck to-morrow?' She was still silent. ' Very good. Then listen to me. I ride to morrow, and I.ride to win, and you are to be the prize. Yes, you — do not look so startled— vou ! I rule to win, or I rale to — never -maid that part of tlie business. If I wm I shall con sider vou mine m spite of all the Major Arburtoas in the world. If not— do you under- : stand the alternative, Leila F' ' She bent lier head. Could she avoid unaer- - standing it? ' : - ' It lies with you,' he went on steadily. ' Yon know my liorse, you know the racecourse, -you know me. If to-morrow before starting you hid me rule to wm, very good: if not— Tne music lias begun again. Shall I take you back - to your elderlv future baronet?' . , « - '» . '' 1 ' 'Mydear Leila, what nonsense !' . cried Mrs. Anstruther. 'Rub your cheeks, child, ana dnnk . this wme. You lookas white as a ghost, and - about as unhanpy. Not go to the races ! You will have everyone saying itis all-off. again, just as it is all on. It is too aggravating ot you realty.' > .' - . .r - It was the day following tlie ball. Lena, in . lier sister's room, was -utterly refusing to accompany, her to the racecoure, and equally pbsitive m her refusal to see Major Arburton. . 'I know what it is,' Mrs. Anstruther went on angrilv ; ' that boy has been talking non- . sense to you. It was too foolish of you to give him a dance last night. If I had known of it I should havo taken you home most cer tainly.' ' He did not talk nonsense, and he 13 not foolish, nor is he a boy,' cried Leila,, vehe mently ; and then site gave way, and relapsed into copious weeping. ... .' At any rate, he is only a sub- iieutenant. and . cannot possibly, have more than five hundred a : year, .and what is more, he doesn't mean it - — senouslywith you. If you throw over Major Arburton now vou will be throwing him over for a mere shadow. Everybody knows what a flirt Charlie AVilIoughby is. He makes love to every girl he meets.' 'That isn't true!' exclaimed Leila with an effort at drvmg her tears. ' H'm ! How about Fanny Hope, and one or two others I could mention ?' Silence. ' And how about his debts :' Silence. -.' And his gambling — aud that actress, and -' Leila sprang to her feet. ' I won't listen any more !' she cried. ' I do care for him. and I hate Major Arburton, and. I won't marry him, and I will not go to the races to-day.' Mrs. Anstruther grew pale. Sue" felt her last . chance was going. Tneu I shall have to re mind you.' she said firmly. ' that I cannot support all my brothers and sisters all tlieir lives. I did my best for is ell, aud I am ciotng my best for you. You seem to forget that I have children of my own to be brought ut). I counted on your marrying as soon as possible. I did not count on your throwing up a reason able chance.' It was cruel, hut it had its effect. Leila turned very white, then she moved to the cioor. ' I will go with you,' she said, scarcely above a whisper. The ladies' jirizerace was the next on the programme. Considerable excitement pre vailed among the fair sex as to who would win it. Leila alone sat calm and uumorcd among the spectators. She did not seem to hear or see anything, till suddenly there was a little stir and hustle, and murmurs of ' Ot course he'll win.' ' He's sure of the race,' ' I feel inclined to congratulate you already. Mr. Willoughby, you look so like winning,' etc. The hero of the race took little notice ot such like remarks. He made Ins way to Leila and bent low over her. ' Which is it to be?' lie asked. For an instant earth and sk v reeled round her, then her brain cleared, and she saw lus race, resolute, handsome, desperate. She hesitated for one instant, then she spoxc : ' Ride to win.' The words were so low he could scarcely hear them, but when he turned awav there was a smile in l:"s eyes. The horses and their riders were drawn ui> in a line. Leila strained her eves to watch everv movement oi' black and wmte. Mr. "Vv lllougnbvs colours. Mazeppa fidgeted aud caught at the bit. There was some little delay, then nic flag was dropped : they were off. At first breathless silence, then growing excitement. The course was a saiail one, and the race was to ae- ran. twice round. Major ArLi'.rton, who had not taken Dart in it, uttered a ' Thank God: as Mazeppa passed tho dangerous comer in safctv ior tlie firs: tunc. ' Blue's to tho front ; no. vcl:ow s wishing up : no, that's Meldon. buck to it Mculon. Willonghbj-'s passed him. Bvjovc! lie s got his work cut out for hiin with that horse. IS ow they're neck and neck, brood race. No, Willoughby's gaining ; no, r.Ieldon ; no — by heaven!' A scream from one of tho ladies, a general consternation in the grand stand, a sudden cessation of interest m the race. Cnarhe Willoughby rode to win. but the Drovidence he had dared revenged itseti on him. Mazeppa had forced tlie bit between his teeth, slued awav from the course, and, leaping the frail urotec- tion of a hedge which separated it from the side or the hill, had disappeared wnn . his rider. s 'It was a narrow shave, and no mistaxe,' said Charlie Willoughbv. going over the storv for the hundredth time with lus wife the second month of their marriage. ' But the best part of it all was when I knelt down beside you and would not leave vou.' laughed Leila. 'I shall never lorget Mai or Arburton 's face, nor his words next day. wnen ne told mo all was over between us. and taut the best thing I could do, after having made such an exhibition of myself, was to marry "that young puppy." ' ' No,' said her husband tenderly: 'the nest part of it all was that I rode to wm, and tnat I did win — what I most wanteci — mv wire.' — London World. 