MISS TWEED'S GHOST STOBY. A TALE FOE THE PEOPLE. Bv SARAH DOUDSEY, AutLor of "When We Two Parted," " Tbine Heart's Desire," &o.; She did not tell the story very often. In the tirfct place she was a Z "words, who loved oetter to l^tent^n to talk; and in tne second P^Jff. peoute believed the tale when they heard it. ihat ia, they did not believe the phoetly P^tofu; and when Miss Twe.:d an incredulous cxpre* ion on the fao.e of h- bearers she was "t to feel a little angry. Her anger did not burn fiercely, and it never lasted long: but lie was one of the truest Iitt e persons in the vorld, and to be doubted in the least was I ainful to her. So that .t was no easy matter io overcome ber reserve ; and I do not think 1 shonld ever have heard her ghost story if certain circumstances had not drawn na eloselv together. We were sitting in the front parlour of an o'd house among the hills. Not stern hills with rupged Bides and mighty chasms, bat .;niet heightB rising gently against the skyhills that made yon think of peace and rest The windows looked out upon a garden, and beyond the gate there was a white road tha*. •went winding away until it was lost to sigh in the folds of the green downs. It was an evening in summer-time; . I bacLpome to thi» tranquil hillcountry to find Mlfeshment and repose, and were spent in a'dteary oalm. V\ M1 *M*m a companion Miss Tweed cune to sit witn me in the front parlour, which tad*"® civen nn'to my uBe. Very soon it would be fer narlonr and her hands were busily making new ^Wrings for BO a and chairs. But it could never be greatly altered, and. no ffloderndeoorator would make it nnUke thw dim old-fashioned room. Bweet with flower- •cents, and full of golden lights and shadows. To me it had always seemed a veritable Chamber of Peace. - "Mies Tweed," I said, suddenly breaking a pause, " I want to hear your ghost story. A slight troubled frown appeared for a moment on Miss Tweed's forehead ; bat it was a frown which did not show ill-temper in the least. • It merely betokened a little perplexity and indecision. .. Callaway must have been tattling, I'm afraid," she remarked. " And yet it isn't b e "8he*did not tattle," I declared stoutly. *' She only said you had had a very strange experience, and when L questioned j> her she admitted that you had seen a ghost.' •'Edward's mother believes in my ghost because Bhe believes in me," Miss Tweed replied, after a moment's thought. But 1 don't think you would. You see, you are wiser and more cultivated than we are, and you would explain it away." "Yet wisdom and cultivation have never quite succeeded in explaining away ghosts, "Anyhow," she answered solemnly, "I will tell you one thing. I never believed m a ghost till I saw one with my own eyes. And then she told me her story. Amy Tweed was born in Hillshire, scarcely two miles away from the old farmhouse in which I net her first. It was a humble home, but cheery andaweet, as such country homes are wont to be when good folks live in them. The father, Daniel Tweed, was a plain man, tut shrewd withal, and he had managed^ utby a little money for his son Dan and his SaughterAmy. - " You'll be taking a husband one day, my dear," he used to say to the girl, "and you won't get to him quite empty-handed. I hope he'll be some one who belongs to this part of the world, Amy; I don't like strangers, you '""Fdou't think I shall ever care for a stranger, father," she replied, a warm colour tinging ber cheeks. "I'm not fond of new faceB myself." And Daniel Tweed exchanged a meaning glance with his son Dan, for they both knew that Amy's heart was given to one who was not a stranger. They had Been her eyes brighten when Noel Bennet came to spend his holidaro with hiBpeopIeat Orchard Farm; and although the Bonnets had always held their heads above the Tweeds, yet they had Bmall cause to be proud. For it was through the influence of William T<veed, a shopkeeper in London, that Noel had got a clerk's place in an office in the city. To be Bure the salary was not high, and Noel was glad of any help that could be had from his friends. But he was a clever follow, full of strong hope and ambition, and everyone prophesied chat be would make his way in the world. One evening Daniel Tweed stood leaning on hiB gate, end looking up at th3 broad colden slope of the great cornfield thit lay between bis cottage and Orchard Farm. The heat of the long July day was over, and delicate soents oame floating towards him from the tall lilies in his garden—the lilies that Amy had always tended with pride and care. His heart was fnll of Amy as he stood there in the sweet BtillneBS of the evening, and as he looked up the slope he saw two figures coming down, aide by side, along the narrow path that ran through the corn. _ Noel and Amy," he said to himself. I wonder whether they've been settling anything?" m Yes, they had been settling something. To the last flay of her life Amy will never see the soarlet poppies growing among the amber corn without thinking of her early love. A woman never. forgeto her first offer. Although the man who made it might be puzzled if he were asked when and where he spoke the words, she remembers time and place. She knows just the spat in the path where be paused and told her that he loved her ; and she would recognise that spot even it were built upon, and covered over with bricks, and changed to all other eyes-_ Bat the place where Noel told his love is not changed, and the narrow way runs down the slope of the broad field to this very day. Amy Tweed was not thought pretty by the people amongst whom she lived, butevenin these early rural days she never had quite the UBUal aspect of a country girl. Her complexion was pale, and she was dark-haired . and grey-eyed, while moBt of the girls around were fair and rosy. Noel Bennet, however, admired her graoefal figure, and che way in which Bhe wore her cotton gowns and simple bonnetB. and as he led ber np to the gate there was a look of triumph in his handsome face, which told that he was proud of the woman ha had won. . . _ When tbey were close to him Diniel Tweed lifted his arms from the gate, and opened it to let tbem enter. His daughter looked at him with a blush and a smile as she ran past Hm into the cottage, and he smiled back at ber. Yet, happy as she was, a sudden shadow seemed to fall on Amy's heart at that moment. It struck her that ber father was looking old and worn, and that the aspect of his kind old face was altered. The old man and the young one remained together in the garden, and Noal asked Daniel for his daughter in a plain, manly fashion. The answer was just what he bad expeoted. Daniel was quite ready to give hiB consent to the engagement, and thought all the better of Noel for not pleading for early marriage. ** You're both young, Noel, be said, " and it'll be well for you to olimb a little higher up the hill before you take a wife. My girl will have something of her own, and that'll help you when the time comes. There's six hundred pounds—three hundred apieoe for her and Dan." That was the last talk that Daniel ever had with hie intended son-in-law. He died six weeks later, and the brother and sister were left in the old cottage alone. " I can't bear the place now," wrote Amy •to her lrWer.' " And Dan iB going to marry Lizzie Ward, and I fancy I conld not get on with her Very welL He wishfes me to live here SB well, but I .will do as you tell me, KoeL Ypu want me to,oomp to London and get into a dressmaking business. It is a good idea; I have always been fond of_ making gowns, and I think I might do well if I were properly taught/' So Amy went to London, and proved herself so clever that she was received into Madame ViotCrine's fashionable establishment in the West- End. Uncle William Tweed had kindly offered to inveBt her £300. and ehe had such perfect confidence in his sagacity that Bhe put the money into his hands. Noel, too, had faith in Uncle William, and for some time things_went on very well. Noel liked to have his sweetheart near him. He was proud of her improved appearance and the readiness with which ebe adapted herself to town ways. He thought a great deal of her money, too, and was always turning the £300 into £3,000 in bis mind. And, Amy. although she never ce&sed; to mourn for her father, was happy in Noel's love, and contented with her new life. Two years went by, and MIBB Tweed was reckoned one of the best hands in the dressmaker's establishment. Madame Viitorine occupied a large house in H street, Cavendish- square, and Amy bad no reason to ccmplain of her quarters, for Madame was considerate. Her young women worked bard, but. they ate eood food and slept in comfortable rooms, and if Amy sometimes sent a longing tbonght to her old country home she had no wish to give up her situation Bnd return to Hillsbire. Noel was always devoted ; now and then there were Itisuie Lours which tbev could spend together, and on the whole Fate waa kind to them both. It was at Christmas that a .crushing blow fell upon her. UncleVV illiam bad been uc fortunate in his investment, aod her thite hundred pounds bad gone, with some of liia own money. The poor man waa bitterly s»-rrv for her lose, and his regret was gn tenuiDP that she would have foreiven him „t cnce if it bad not been for Noel. But Noel would not hear of forgiveness. He seemed to have forgotten the kindness he had received himself from Uncle William, and Amy was worn out with listening to the harsh things spoken of her relations. It was the nos!, miserable Christmas that eneever had known. , . , Don't say any more about my wretched n-onev, Noel," she entreated at last. " Wo ere both earning something ; we have youth and strength and love. Surely we are not so very badly off, after all." "Youth aud strength and lave! he jepeated ecornfuliy. "They are tiue things to begin life with, but they are not warraatei t 0 lTwas the firet time that ehe had caught a glimpse of the tn;e nutuieof NoelUsnnet, Ld after that revelation she seemed to have entered into a changed worlc. Ber Noel, whom she had loved °so well, had v«»hed. and this hard peering man had taken his place. It scarcely surprised her when he proposed that tbey should break oil their engagement. Times were hard, he said: things locked black m toe c.ty; he feared that it would be a long while before he could provide for a wife. W a6 it not better, therefore, to say sood-by? The dull days came and went, and Amy worked as usual: but when the working henrs were over there waa no joy for lier. The other girls had their sweetnearts, same real and some make-belieye, but Miss Tweed was'left alone. The weather was bitterly cold, end the people were crying gut for idj&nd; may'a aching heart took up the cry. (She, too, was starved with heartlinger. She, too, was poor, and it was hard to livd in such a cruel world. So it cama to pass that ehe spent all her leisure time among the distressed and unemployed, listening to thfeir grievances, doing all that she could to relieve their sufferings, and blending their sorrows with her own. , The! winter passed, the spring came, and Madame Viotorine'a handa were busy from morning till night. It promised to be a brilliant season; but Amy toiled away at the beautiful dresses with many a bitter thought of those who would wear them. They were all so rich and giddy and heartiess-these fashionable ladies—Bhe said to herself. Day after day their carriages came rolling up to Madame'e door, and Madame herselt, all smiles and deference, decided the important question of what they were to wear on thiB and that occasion. Miss Tweed grew sick of their patrician faces and trained | voices. Surely they were dolls, and not creatures who could suffer and love as she had done! She would not believe that there waa such a thing aa a heart to be fonnd among them all. In May there came a splendid wedding order, which Bet even Madame Victorine s -aim bosom to a flutter. The only daughter of the Earl of Ironside was to be married to Lord Arthur Malvern, and nothing else was talked of in the workrooms. The fashionable world, too, bad a great deal to Bay about the match. Lord Arthur, although he was a Duke's son, was a poor man, and it was thought that he was more in love with Lady Clara's money than with Lady Clara herselt. All kinds of rumours were afloat: some said that the bridegroom-elect waa desperately enamoured of a pretty actress, and detested the golden fetters that circumstances were forcing upon him ; others declared that there was not a grain of truth in this story, and averred that His Lordship, having duly sown his wild oats, desired to settle in the orthodox way, and had made a sensible choice. But while there were a hundred opinions about' Lord Arthur there was only one about Lady Clara. Every one believed that she was deeply and sincerely attached to him — that is, every one in her own circle. Miss Tweed, being iquite outside this circle, had by no means made np her mind about the matter. It chanced one morning, when the wedding dav was drawing near, that Amy Tweed and La'dy Clara Berkeley were brought face to face. : It fell to Amy's lot to carry some articles into Madame's reception-room for Her Ladyship's approval; and the working girl looked at the Earl's daughter with a certain degree of curiosity. She was conscious that the lady, in her turn, looked at her—a quiet cold scrutiny. Lady Clara was tall, fair, and golden-haired. Her features were delicately chiselled, but the face was too etOl to be really beautiful. To Amy she seemed as chill aB ice, and as proud as Lucifer. "They are all alike—all heartleea—these aristocratic women," she thought. "No wonder that they cannot feel for the misery of the poor! And yet Lidy Clara will get all that she wants, while 1, who am born with a warm heart, am doomed to desolation! I suppose she does care a little for Lard Arthur in that frozen way of hers. But what is it that the song says ? „ 3 Unlaws you can dm when the dream is past, Oh fear to call it loving !" Well, it's quite certain that Bhe would not die if ehe ldBt her lover. . ^ , That year the June weather was intensely bright and unusually warm. The wedding things were not as near completion as they ought to have been. Every nerve was ^trained; the hands were busy early and late, and Madame was growing anxious and irritable. Mies Ttreed, however, kept her bead cool, and to her was entrusted the taBk of putting the finishing touches to the bridal dress. A bitter task it was, truly ! As the girl set her careful stitcheB she thought of the wedding-gown that she had hoped to make for herself. Regrets, longings, passionate prayers, kept pace with the swift needle, and were mixed up with the banohea of orange blossom and masses of lace. The robe that was to be worn in gladness was made in sorrow; and it is the same with a good deal of the dressmaking that is done every day. — It was on the twelfth of June, two days alter Ascot, that a Btartling rumour began to be circulated in the workrooms. The girls were saying openly that the greater part of Lady Clara's fortune was gone. " The Esrl of Ironside had lost his daughter's money on the racecourse ; it was true—quite true!" Miss Tweed checked the chatterers rather sharply. "She did not believe a word of it," she said: "and if they did not attend to their work the dresses would never be finished." So they all toiled on, reminding each other that the wedding was fixed for the sixteenth, and there really was not a single minute to spare. . The night of the (fourteenth came; a night so warm and still that it might have belonged to July or August. The clocks in the neighbourhood bad struck twelve half an hour ago, and Miss Tweed, alone in the upper workroom, was giving the last touches to Lady Clara's wedding-gown. The dress—bodice and skirt complete—was arranged on one of the stands that dressmakers use, and looked very much like a decapitated bride standing in the middle of the empty room. One jet of gaB 1 was burning under its large shade, the windows were all set open, and the sounds of wheels came up now and then from the street below. Miss Tweed had been stooping over the soft white silken folds till her head ached and her eyes were dim. And suddenly ehe bethought her of a bottle of lavender water which she kept in her bedroom, and went quietly upstairs to get it. Ellen Smith, the girl who shared her room, was rousing as ehe entered. " Is that yon, Amy ?" she said. " Haven't you finished yet?" "Nearly," Miss Tweed replied. "My head aches, and I'm very tired." She went down again, damping her heated face with the lavender water and feeling fresher. It seemed, too, as if a cooler air had come through the windows into the hot workroom, and Amy shivered a little as she entered. Bnt what was this ? Some one had surely stolen into the room in her absence, and was standing there arrayed in the wedding gown. She gave a little cry of astonishment and dismay, and was advancing, when tbe strange woman, whose back was towards ber, turned slowly round. It was no stranger who stobd there, nor was it one of the workgirls playing'a trick. Lady Clara, dressed in her own bridal robe, was looking at the dressmaker with blue eyes fnll of unutterable anguish, and pale lipa parted as if in a vain attempt to speak. How long Miss Tweed endured that mournful gaze she could not tell. Those eyes seemed to read her very soul and convey to her a message of mysterious sympathy and fellowship in sufferine. At last one of the white hands was raised with a farewell geature, and Amy knew no more. . _„ When ehe came to her Benses again Ellen Smith was kneeling by her side loosening her dress. And there in tbe middle of the room lay the wedding-gown, thrown lightly on the floor, as if some one had just stepped out of it in haste. At sight of the robe Amy began to Bbiver violently, and then burst into passionate tears, which relieved her overwrought brain. Her companion led her upstairs and made her lie still and rest. At length she slept, and did not wake until the summer day was well advanced. " Are you feeling any better ?" asked Ellen Smith, coming to the bedside with breakfast on a tray. " You have been working a great deal too bard; it is no wonder that you broke down. And, after all, your labour has been in vain." " In vain ? " Mies Tweed replied wonderioply. " Why, the wedding-dress is quite finished. It was to be sent home this morning." "It will never be needed," the other answered. " Madame has just had a mes sage. It seems that poor Lady Clara Berkeley died last night at half-paBt twelve." Miss Tweed fell back silently on the pillow aca closed her eyee. Not one word did she say to Ellen Smith of Lady Clara's appearance in the workroom, and ber companion aitri bnted het faintnsBB entirely to over-fatigue. On the next day she got np and tried to go on with her busineps and usual; but she could bear to stay in the upper workroom, and'at length, with much reluctance, Madame con-. tented*to let her return to the country. Dun and his wife received her kindly, and by degrees her strebgth was restored. Later on the learnt that Lady Clara's engagement waB broken off on the day before her death. Lc.td Arthur, finding that she was no longer a rich woman, wrote to her and asked to be 6tt free. She sank at once, and never rallied after the blow fell, nor did ehe ever speak again to thoee around her. But they heard per murmuring softly to herself, and distinguished the words thai ehe utsered. "ily wedding-gown," she repeated over and over. ** Oh, my wedding-powa ! If I could only wear it once—just once—just once." MifS Tweed married Edward Callaway, of Bill Farm, and livce in the old country. She never forgets the London poor, and many a siskly child is received into her pleasant home to be nursed aod fed ; but her heart has opened freely to all Borts and conditions of n;en and women. She believes now a days in the equality of the human family, and knows that a common sorrow levels all distinctions. Not in vain, she says, did the Earl's daughter and the humble dressmaker meet in the spirit on that memorable mght, although the one was taken and the other left. [THE ESP. I 