' < IB «<' ..Bv.iH. lltDK|t lI\aoAin).l : .7 7 CHAPTER XXIX. : ' , Alter this thorp wore iib'mpro'iqibcehbs/ . vT 'itjjgtteli . mini.; voted, iiiiuoydingvto .his. / 1 - -Wr' "upon liis liiiuio being railed by tbo presidont. At first thoro was ii , littlo hesitation, for some, .among thorn woro fond, .of i olil . Silas, anil .loth- to dostroy him.. -But Frank Mullor hail played bis gamovery ;wori, and-, .notwithstanding bis appoals- to; .thoir indopondonco of judgment,,: 'thoy know1 f rill'surelyM what \yould happcn;to ' hiiiv who giivri his Vote; against' Uio,..\H''csidoht. Sq/.thcy,,swalj/ lowed, their hotter feelings , with till the . ohsq for which aueli'.swallo.wing is noted; niitl' oiio by oiiri uttered. the -fatal - word; - 'WHeil 'tlicy had all ddhp'Ii'nmk'Mii|16ir addressed Silas : ' " 1 Prisoiior, you have lien/ril tlio jVtdg- moiit' agaih8t"you; '' I hcbcl riot, iiow' ioiiiii>itiiltVt;6 1 yoi\r 'criirick/'1 ' You' 'hiivb1 hiicl ' /a /'fair/ and'1 open 1 a trial", by ' oourt- ljiai' tiiil , srieli/ as buy law; .ilirputs. / ( ' Have, you;; anjdhiiig;|tto,, sajV, why sentence of death' should- not bo: passed upon you ;im a'ocorilancp witlithp judgment?'. .701(1 Shins' "looked ! up. with' '.flashing oypsi au(l|phobk"back his fringe of /White hair lilio, a lion ah bay ' ,7 7 /..7-Z-.' ' I havo nothing .to sny. If you will' do" niiirdbr; ' do it,' ''black-hearted' villain thrit"y6u ' are'! !'JTmight;-p'6uit7l'oi my; g'roy' hairs,' 'to1 iiiy.inurdcrtd servant to iny; hoirie 'tlint took/ ni'o' ten' jtoai's.to buiitl;' 'desit'oy ed 'by you; ! ' ' I might' till 1 ! you /how/ / 1 'havo been n good citizen, aiul lived ; peacefully i and noighbri.iirly.in the land .for. mora than twenty years-ri-iy.e, nud dono khidnoss after _ kindness to ninny of you who aro going to murder irio. in' cold 'blood!'-' Put I will not; Shoot mo if ypii will, and may my death; lie heavy on your heads. -This morning; I would liavo ; said' that my country, would avenge mo ; I ennnot say ' that now, for England lias deserted us anil I havo no couutry. Thoro Eoro I leave the vengeance in tho hands of Crod, who- novor fails to avenge, though sometiiiies Ho waits for long to do it. I am not- afraid of you. Shoot hie now 'if 'you liko. I. havo lost my hoiioiyiny homo,; and my country ; why should f not looso niy.lifc also ?' Prank Mullor fixed his cold eyes ujiriii. tho old 'mail's :qui veriiig face and siinlod a dreadful smile of triumph. 'Prisoner, it is now my duty, in the namo of Qoil and the Republic, id scntouec you to bo- shot to-morrow at dawn, nud may the Almighty forgivo you your wiekedness and havo inorey- upon your soul. ' Let tho prisoner be removed, and lot a limn rido full speod to the. empty liouso on the hillside, where the English man with tbo red beard usod to live, one hour this side of Whlikci'strooin, arid bring back with him the clergyman lie will find waiting there, that tho prisoner may be offered his ministrations. Also let two men be set to dig tbo prisoner's grave , in tho burial-phiec at the back of the house.' Tbo guards laid their bands upon tbo old man's shoulders, and be turned and woM>itli them without a word. Bessie wM|Wd him go through her -crack in tho wall, till tho dear old bond. with fringe of white hair anil the bent frame woro no more visible and thon at last; her. faculties, benumbed and exhausted liy the horrors sho was passing through, gavo out, and she fell forward in a faint thoro upon the sacks. Meanwhile Muller was writing the death-warrant on a sheet of his pocket- book. At tbo foot lie left a spaco for his own signature, but lie did not sign it, for reasons of his own. What bo did do was to pass it round to bo counter signed by all who bud formed the court in this mock trial, his object being to implicate every one there present in the judicial murder by the diieet and in controvertible evidence of his sign- manual. Now, .Boers ai'e -simple pastoral folk, but tlioy aro not quite so simple as not to seo through a move like this, anil thoroon followed a very instructive little- scone. They bail, to a man, been will ing enough to give thoir verdict for the old man's execution, but they were by uo means ready to record it in black nud white. As soon as ever tlioy understood tho object of their feared and respected commandant, a general desire manifested itself to; make thomsclves respectively anil collectively source. Suddenly they found that tlicy luid business outside, anil something like a general attempt; at a bolt ensued. Sovoral of them bad already tumbled . off their extemporised jury-box, and, headed by tho redoubt able Hans, wore approaching the 1 entrance to the waggon-bouse, wlion Prank Muller perceived thoir design, and roared cut in a voice of thunder: 'Stop! Not a man leaves this place till the wanrant is signed.' Instantly the men halted, nud began to look inuoeent and converse. 1 Hans Cuetzee, come here and sign,' said Mullor again, whereon that un- l'ort iiuato udvaueed with as good a grace as ho could muster, murmuring to him self curses, not aloud butdoop, upon tbo bead of ' that ilovil of a man Prank Mullor.' However, there was no help for it, so, with a sickly smile, be put bis name to the fatal document in big shaky letters. Then Mullor. called auother man, who instantly tri 1 to got put of it oil tho ground t'lial bis education bad been neglected and that, lie could not write, an excuse that availed him little, for Prank Mullor quiotly wroto his name for him, leaving a spaeo for bis mark. ' -n. _.Afttja that there was no more trouble, lHAlMBi live minutes tbo. entire back of leiter.u'.uit was covered with the scraw- '. — signatures of tbo various members of the court. One by one the men wont., till at last Mullor was left alone, sealed oil the saw-bench, bis head sunk upon bis breast, and holding tho warrant in one band, while with tho other ho stroked his golden beard. Presold ly bo stopped stroking bis beard and sat for some minutes porfeotly still, so still be might have, been carved in stone. By this timo the afternoon suit had got behind tho hill and the dee) waggoir j bouse' wits' full of- shadow' thitb'BOOinbdT'ii ji,,atlirir'rbuud!himl'riiid'iiivbstduin with -a sombre,--' ! Mysterious ' ' 1 gruridotir ! !'IlO | looked | like - iv TC/iii£ of 'Evil, for Evil has ! ber'priricbs ' hs'/wcH' its" 0 p'oil; 'iuut stamps' '/them with " hor imperial soiil of power mid' cfowjis . thoiii with a iliiitlem' of lirir. ! own,' aiidiiiiioiigtbes6''Fraiik Mujlbr was jsurpiy gfoiit. A littlo smile of't'riumply playod upon bis beautiful cruel-fried',' » | littlo 1 ight darieiid wi thin" his cold t py os j iirid ran down the' 'ypllow boafil:; At tliht | moment ho might1 have :srit' for a 'portrait 'of his lriastoivtlio tlevil, ' '' i Pfoseiitly ho riwdko 1 frrim his rovorie. Iliiivb her !'; ho said toliiuisclf ; - 1 havo jlior 'iii a vice'!,' " Sho cannot csciipo ino' ; isho cannot lot thc'rihl'Ihiiu ilio! ' Those ; cuts! hay 6 served1 riiy purpbso nvclP; thoyi lard, ns easy to play oivas' ti:liiilidl6;''ririd'T iai'n a: good' player. Yes,' and'now'Wo aro jgotting'tb Itho end of thbttiiib.' , ' " I -ei-IAPTEll xxx; '1 ;' 'j 'vyn btusT'eAiff'.ioitx1. ' '. 1 . Jess arid Kof coinpanibivstriod iii" aired1 j8ilbiic'b':hh'd.'ga/ted<'nt'!thVhladkdning.!iirid' :distorted.' corpse's of tlie" ' tliiind'or-blastiitU 'Boors. Tlipil tlioy won't by tlibiii' to, tlic! itreb.ndiieh'ijrow'soiric' te'i'i piicos"or liiirife' |bii the other' 'side of tho plaeP'of doStiu'c; jtibiU' Tlioro was sotno littlo difficulty iji igettirig ,tUb'''horijc8 past, tho corpses, hilt jnf lnSt tlioy pjiirib' with .'a 1 'wheel' : 11111!.' si' ;snbr of su'spicioiv, ,' iuitl ! woro tied' up to ithctfco .by .Tbbh;';:Moaiiwhilo'.rbss took sbine of tli'e liard-boiled eggs 'out' of the' IbaskotHiul'Vrtriisliod, foihiifkirig that 'slip' Iwiis. going to lak'p :her elotlics ott aiul' iclry" tliein iii1' tlic suii while she site her ibreakfast,' ftiul' thu't she advised him tri ,do tho, saino';' ; Ac'eorcliiiglyj Hs soon as .she rivris well oiit of ' siglit 'behind the slicltor of the rocks; she sot to work to Sirrit. out of her sodden' uaririouts. ' in j'itself 11 task "of 110 little diflieuUyv '/Then she. swung tlibm out ;aiid spread tlioiri '0110 hy oiip 011 tlic Hat water-washed .stones around," which wcro by now thoroughly wafnicd with the suii. ' Next sho 'wont down a low pailbs to a pool' i uiulcr the shadow of tub' bank', ill 'tho1 jroek-bcii. of tho': rivor, and biitlicd lief Ibriiises and .washed tlip 1 amid riiid lnud ' .from, hor luvir and foot. . After this sho jciimb' aiul sat" horsolf 'oil 'it' slab of flat 'stono out of the gltu'0 of tho sun; anil into lie" breakfast -of hiird-hoilod eggs, ri'olleoting lribariwbilb .'oil .'tlip position in /which she found .herself. Foil hor /heart was very sore anil heavy, and she could find it iii her to wish that she was lying soniowhcro beneath those rushing waters. She had calculated on donthp and How she was not dead, anil sho and hor sh.uno anil her trouble might yot live for many a year, hiho ivris like 0110 wild1' iii her sleep hud -seemed to soar 011 'angola wings out into tho airy depths,' and thon awakened with' a start to find that she hud tumbled from hor bed. All the heroic scale, all tlie moro than' earthly ilopth of passion, all the spiri tualised ilosiros that- hail sprung into being benoatb tho shadow . of the approaching end, hail eomo. down to the common level of an undesirable attach-- meiit, along which sho must now drag hor weary foot for many, a year. Nor. was thai 'all. .She had" boon false to llossio, anil more, she hail brrikon Bessie's lover's troth. She hail tompted liim anil ho had fallen, anil now he was us bad sis she. Death Would have justified all tliis ; she would never havo done it had sho thought that; she /was going to live; hut 'now death had cheated hor, as he has a way of doing with pooplo to whom his presence is more or less desirable, and left her to copo with tlie spirit slip bail invoked when bis words was quivering over her. What would bo the end of it, sup-, posing that the)' escaped ? Whilt could be the end except riiiscry ? It should go no farther, far as it had gone, that sho sworo ; 110, not if it brriko her heart and his ton. The 'conditions' were altered again, and the memory of thoso dreadful and wonderful hours when they two .swung upon the raging river and ex changed their uiidying troth with the gr.avo for thoir altar, must ho a memory, anil nothing- more. It had risen 011 their; lives hlco some boiytuitui yen torriblo dream-imago of colbstial joy, and now liko a dream it; must vanish. And yet it; was iio- dream, except in so far as alb her life, was 'a drorim and u vision, a riddlo of which glimpses of tho answor caihc lis rarely as gleams of sun shine on a rainy day. Aliis; it was no; .dream', it was . n: portion/ of tho living, breathing past, that having ; ou'ee been is immortal in its every partaqd moiiiont, incarnating as it does the very spirit of immortality, 1111 utter incapacity to change. As tho act wits, as 1 the wbnl had been spoken, so would act' anil word bo for ovor anil for over. And now this undying thing must be cagcd and cast; about witli the semblance of death and clouded over with tbo shadow of. an unroal forgetfiilness. Ob, it; was bit.tor, vory bitter! What would it bo now to go away, right away from him and know liiin married to lior own sister, the other woman with a prior right? -What would it bo to think of Bossio's sweet ness slowly creeping into her empty place and filling it, of Bossio's gentle constant lovo covoring up the recollec tions of their wildor passion, pcrvadingit aud covering it up as tho twilight slowly porvudos and covers up tbo day, till at last perhaps it was all blotted out. and forgotten in tho night of forgotfulness ? And yet it must bo so, she was determined that it should bo so. All, that sho had diod thon with bis kiss upon her lips I Why bad ho not lot lior die? And the poor girl shook her damp liair over lior faeo and sobbed in tho bitterness 'of lior heart, as Evo iniglri havo sobbed when Adam approached lior. But, naked or dressed, sobbing will not inonil mailers in this sad world of ours, a fact that Joss bad the sense to realise ; so she presently wiped hoi eyes with her hair, having nothing clso handy to wipo thorn with, and set ts work to got; into lior partially-dried garmonts again, a process calculated to irritato tho most fortunate and hnpn" minded woman in the whole wide w 1 Certainly in lior present I rn'oo of mind those damp, bullet-torn clothes drove Joss iioarlywildplBO'tmucli': so that had slio' bcoii 'a --lnani sho would . probably liavo swoririri-ii; - dtlnsolatioiv that lior box . denied' hor. 'Portriuiltely. - sho - had 11 trnvolling'-'eonib 'iiri"hciv pocket, - /witli Z which' -she - in ado; shift; -to do licr curling liairjdf- Hair oriri bo siud'to-boidoiio nvh'on ; oiio ' liits 'not' it hftirpiu ' c.i' evon a bitof iStiiug to'fnBteii it up with. " ' 1 \ ' Tlion,1- aftor ' it " lftst '-Hiul- frightful (struggle' with' hor "socldon boots, y that Iseomod tb-tako almost" as nnich out of jlior as lior roll at' tho; bottom of tho ; Vaiil,' 1 slio rose ; and1 1 walked' back to the (spot ' where ;sho 1 hail lrift V John 'aii hour jboforc. -Hp" was 0111 ployed " whoii1 slio ireiichod1 him in ' saddling' up; tho' two !groys,; with- tho 'sftddlcs iliul bridles that jlio' liad -romovod from tlio carcases- of jtho ' Jio'rscS wliieh" tlio liglitning had- doslrbyetl;- 1 ...1 1--- ' Hulloil;- Joss, 1 you look-quito'siniirt. jHayb" you 1 dried your clothes ?- ho said: j' I' biive/nftor'ri fiisluon.' ' " YoS;' ShbariWbrod. ; 1 i "lip 1 loOkoil' :at'' lior. ' Why, dearest; ;you havo bcoil crying; Coirie; things iu-ri blriek'cnbugh; but it is1 iio iiso'eryiug. 'At' auy: rato,' ' tyo liavo grit off with our lives jso'fitfrJ !'11 " 1 .'" 1 j "'.Tohri,' suid .Jess sharply, ' tlibro iriiist-' bp' u6:; nioro:' of tliatv : Thirigs'! have changed. " Wb, were dead lust night.' |N6w ' \Vo :;hiiyo' eomo tri ; life" /again./ (Besides',' 'she added, , with ' 'ii ghost of a llaugh, ' porhapa you' will sec Besbio to1' 'morrow;- T'Shmild 'think 'tliat wo 'ought'' itri havo . got fo1' tlic' cud of otir 'lnisfrilii: ;tunes.'";' ", " / ' " //__' ! John's fii'eo f611i;iis tlic- rcieollcctioiv of tho: iiiipossiblo anil' inosf tragic position ,in which Ihey woro placed, physieiilly :aiid morally, swept intri liis luiiid. ' - " 7 ! ' My "(loarcsf / Joss,' ho' said, ' what is to bo (lone ?' -' Slio stanip'ed" lior foot, in tliri bitter 'aiiguisli 'of lior/ heart. 'I told you-,' slib said, ' that thoro' riiiiist' bo lio niorri /of 'that; What.'ai'e you thinking about ? Prom to-day 'ivo'aro dead to each other: (I havo' doiib with you inid you'witlv mo. ilt is 3"()rir owii1 , fiuilt : you Should have hit 1110 dio. Oil, John, Jblm,' she wailed .mil:, 1 why djcl ;yoii' not let 1110? ' Why ;did" wo riot, both die? We" should ilijivc b'ccii liitppy now,, or— asleo). ' ' \\\rc' /must part, J'olui, wo inust1 part; arid wbiit siiall I do without you? what xlmli Ido?' - ' " ' . " _ ' ' 7../, Hor distress was very poignant arid it, affected. hi 111 'so much that 'for a niomciit; he could not trust liiiiisclf "to' aiiswci" her; , ' ' Wonld il not bo best' to iiiake ii' clean' .breast of it t(i Bossiu ?' lie said at last. ' ,1 should ' fuel a blackguard for the rest of my life, but upon my word I havo a mind to do it.' ' No, no,' she cried passionately,'! will not have you do it ! You shall swear to, ino'that you'will iiovor breathe a word -to Bessie. I will not have lior happiness destroyed. Wo have sinned, wo must Buffer ; not Bossio, who is imiocoiit 11 nil only takes' Iter 'right. I promised my ilcar 'mother to look after Bessie aud protect her, and I will not ho tho one to betray her — novor, never! Yoii 'must .marry her and I must go-away. There is 110 other way. out of it.' John looked at hor, not knowing what to say or iio. A sharp parig Of despair /went through him as lie 'watebqd 'the passioiiato palo .fiicc and tho great oyes dim with tears. ITow was he to part from her? He put outlvis arm tri 'take hor iii thbm, but sho pushed him iiway almost fiercely. / ' Havo you no honor?' she cried. ' Is it not all hard enough to boar without j'riur tempting ine? T toll you it is all doiio wifh.' : Pinish saddling that horso anil lot us start. Tho soonor we get oil tlib sooner it will he over, unless the Boors catch us again anil shoot "us, which for my own part I. devoutly hope, tlioy may. "You must make up your blind to rcmomber that I Unii nothing but your sister-in-law. If j'o« will not re member it, then .1 / shall ride away and lcavo j'oii to. go j'our way aud 1/ will go mine.', ... Jobii' said 110 11101c. Hor. detoiMiiina- (tioii was ns crushing iis the cruel necessity "that ' dictated it. What was more, Ills own reilSDII iimisuo.-JU 01. noimr /apprqvcil' it, whiitovor his .passion might prompt; to tho contrary. "As ho. turned (wearily to finish saddling the horses ho. iiilinost rogrottecl with Jess that they limit not both been drowned rincl got it over. ' ' ' ' | Of ' cririfso tlio only sirilillos that they had' were those belonging- to the lead Boers, wliieb was very awkward for a lady. Ijiiekily for' liersolf, however, Joss could, from constant practise, ride /almost as well us' though she hail been /trained to tho" ring, aud was even capable of balancing herself without a pommel 011 a mail's saddle,' having often anil often ridden round the farm in that .way. Sir soon as the horses wore roarl)' she astonished John by clambering into the saddlo of tho older and steadier nriimal,' placing her foot in the stirrup- strap anil announcing, that she was ready to stint. ' You bad better rido sonio other way' said Jolni; ' It isn't usual, I know, but 3'im will tumble off so ' ' You shall sec,' she said witli a little laugh putting the horso into a canter as she spoke. John followed her on tho other horso, and noted with amusement that slio sat as straight arid steady on lier slippery scut ' as though she woro 01111 hunting saddle, keeping herself from falling by nil instinctive balancing of the body which was very curious to notice. AVhon they got woll on to the \- plains thby halted to consider their \- routo, and as tlioy did so Jess pointed to tlio long lines of' vultures descending t > ; feast 011 thoir would-be murderers, if they went down Mm river it would lead tlioin to Standorton, and there tlicy would be Htifo if tlioy could get into the 1 town, which was garrisoned 1)3' English. | But tlion, as tlicy bad gatbored from I lie . conversation of thoir ORCort, Standerton was closely invostcd by the Boers, and ( to try and pass through thoir lines was more that tlioy dared to do. It was I rue that tlioy Htill bad the pass signed by tlie Boer concral, but aftor what bad oeeured tlioy were not unnaturally somewhat sceptical about tbcvuluo of a puss, aud certainly uuwilliiig to put I its efficacy to tho proof. So after duo ' consideration1 .they --.determined to:ayqid : Stundorton and rido in the dpposftd ' direction till they.' foiinii a practicable ford of .tlioYaal, 'Pqrtunatoly, thpy bpili ( of thoiii had a vory/fiiir idea of tlio lay / of tlio land ; ;;iiiicT.; iii i 'addition . to. this, 1 John possessed a small compass fastened to ,his wateh-ehnin, wliieh ,wpnld ,onahlo him . to steer a protty.Z 'correct1' course across tlio veldt— a fnct that / w.oiilil rondbr 'them 'indbpendept. Of tho roitds. .On tlio ronds tlioy1 would run- a, monontary risk, ...if net a.ebrtniiity,; of i /detection. But 011' tho iviclo "veldt tho iClinnees woro they would incot.iio living jcrbiituvc oxcopt the wild' game.' /.'Should -tlioy como aeross houses' tlioy would bo i iablo to , avoid, thorn, -and their initio / ; .inhabitants woiikl probably, be far au'ay / : / fvoin home 'on husiuoss connected' wi(h , ' : tlio war." . . , ' "" / Aecordiugly tlioy l'odo toil miles ' or ; jin'oro" along ' tho hank '.'without sooing a j 'soul, wlich':,they. l'ericiicd a s)ae6 of huh- I bring, ' shallow. water that looked fordahlo. 1 jlndqpd,,an investigation of, thri biink ro- jvqalod the fact that a loaded waggpn had ; jpassotl the riVor at' iio distant- diito, ! jpcrhaps h wook before. ( j "That, is - good enough,! said John ; / wo , will, .try/. it./ And withoutf urflicr i ado tlicy plunged in:- 7 ; /' I11 the centre of tlie, stroain the water j' 'was strong and deep, arid for si few !' yards took the horsos' off thoir logs, but j| fthoy strifck oiit holdl3f tili.llioy, got their/ - footing again; anil after that thoro was , (no more trouble. On the furtlior sido (of tlio rivor John.look'eounsol with his ' iepmpass, anil -thoy., steered a course // !straigh't for Mooifontoin. At' midday i ;they; offsadilleil the horses for an hour j, 'by some water, and ato a small portion of tbo romaininir food. Tlmn tlmv im. saddled and went' ' on across tlio lonely, /(losolato voklt.. No: human being dill (tlioy sec all that .long- day. -. Tho -wide, /country was only tenanted by great hoi'ds of game that /camo thuiuloring past like squadrons of eavaliy, or liero (and thoro hy coteries of vultures, hissing /anil fighting furiously over somo dead' .buck. Arid so at last I'-e twilight gathoroil and found thv.ni aioiio in tlio (wilderness. ' AYdll, what is to bo done now ?' said John, pulling up, his tired horso, 'It /will bo dark in half an hour.' Jess slid from hor siuldlo as she iansworod, f Got oil - anil go to slcojjp I 'sunnosa.' ....uiu u Mio start is a falBo oiio, anil . wlimi a rico has bcon run retiirns to thodismonutiu itand just as auy horso with a jockey would lo. aiid is altogether an equine wonder." . Like their compeers in tlio Australian bionics, tlio American turf authorities liavo :ld some dilllculty in dealing with tho sell-- ig-riit'o quostion, owing to tho combination f .horso-ownurs not to bid for winners ; and ccontly, with the viow of raising that class f/ races above tho gambling iiiedimn, tho. iiieinn.ati Turf Congress adopted the follow-, ig-rnlo: — "in nil selling races the winner lull bo sold by secret sealed bids, to be. e posited in- a placo. designated by the as- ociation within 15 ininutos after the eloso of he raco ; the bids to be opened by the pro- idiog judge, and the surplus to- bo divided otwoori tho second horse and tho asBOeia- iou." Tho i-.de rocommoudod by tha.com- littoo of. tho A.J.C. tit the last annual moet- rig, so far as danling with the surplus jiis eouem-ned. drafted 011 similar linos. . i.Au English exchaugo makes somo very rintoil references to eortain anomalies liieh exist 111 the English racing code. To uite from tlie journal in question, ",Not-i ifchutnnding the pessimist opinion oxprossod' f Mr., Lowthorat the (limerauk Glnb dinner nit ' tho alterations will be fow and far bo- veori'-in tho revised Eulas of (Racing, upon inch 11 spoeial committee has been engaged )r some months, tho public- will hear with ptisfnetion that there is scarcely a single ale which has not undergone improvement f its confusing verbiago, whilst many, ardinal alterations have been recommended, piieli, as a matter of course, will havo to be pprovod and confirmed by a full mooting of ijiC! Jockey Club. It is to be hopod that the prised code will abolish tho iudefonsible then were, .to continually Tramp up anrl down. After an hour .ami a half of this or so, tho brec/.e dropped and tlic tcmpom- /turcgofc more suitable lo their lightly- clad, lialf-stavved, and almost exhausted bodies.' Then the moon came up, arid tlio /hyenas, or wolves, or somo otlior such animal, came up also anil howled round, .thorn— though tlicy could not soo thorn. Ilyl'llilh J/lOVtu iUUlU Llltlll IC08 n iiorvos eou'lil stand, and she at last eon- (doseended to ask .Tolih to share her arit- lieap; whoro tlicy sat, shivering, in oneli othor's arms, throughout tho livelong night.. Indeed, had it not been for tho warmth thoy gathered from each other, it is probable that thoy would havo fared even worso than tho3r did; for though tho days woro hot, tho nights wore now bogi lining to got cold oil the high voldt, especially wheii, as at )rescnt slio air hud recently, been chilled hy the passage f alioavy tompost. Another, drawback to thoir romantic situation war that tliiy were: positively soakod hy . tho fallen dew. There tliby sat, or father riowcred, for hour aftor hour without sleeping, for sloop was impossible, and almost without speaking ;; anil 'yot; not withstanding tlio wretchedness of their -'circumstances, not altogether unhappy, sineo thoy wero united in their misery. At Inst the eastern sky began to turn grey, and John rose aiul shook tho dew froni his hat anil clothes, and limped oil' as well as his half-frozen limbs would ..allow to cateh tho horses, which wcro : standing together somo ywcls aivny, look ing huge and gliost-liko in tho mist; By sunrise I10 had managed to saddlo 'tliein up, and they started oneo moro. Tliis limn, howovor, lie had to lift Jess oil to tho saddle. ( To bo Confined. ) Visitors .to Kockhampton will find variety, quality, anil artistic morit — first-class silver hunting mid Euglish lover watches, ladies silver watches. Ladies and gentomon's gold watches, beautifully finished/anil in oxtra stout cases, a magnificent stock of gold and si ''or jowollory. Elootro-silvor-waro of r?liablo quality. Uronzos, Pebbles and other spectiujlos at W. G. J. Edgar's Enst- Bti cel. Rockhampton. Tho other day a Reehabite got intoxicated nud went to his tent. He knocked at th« door, and' gave the password to tho door keeper, who hud plncod his noso to the l;oyliolo instead of his oar. Tlie visitor shoutod the word " Abstinoneo" tlio soennd timo, and nuked " .ionos, wliy don't yor open 'er door? Hain't I got tho right password ?" " Vos, sor," slioutod .Tonus, within the huiiriilg of whulolout. " Yez havo tho right password, but bo jahcrs, sor, yaz havo the wrong shuiell," 