jCatot gpcrtfatfr Melbourne Sporting Hews. [BY TRUMPATOR.1 Melbourne, October 23 ? [ . Fjne. weather has set in at last, and I [expect we shall soon have Carbine, Manton, .Antaeus, and Prinoe Consort at Flemington | to add to the interest in- the morning work. ' A?l the horses at headquarters were hard at it jyeBterda^ and some splendid work was gone ^through,-bht withtheexoeption of Richelieu's gallop nothing occurred to throw any fresh .light on the big events of the V.R.C. 1 * thought. the mile and a quarter done by Mr. O'Loughlin's colt was one of the most meritorious I have ever seen at Flemingtoh, and the colt looks aB well as his most ardent well - wisher could desire. Since he ran last autumn, Richelieu has grown and' filled out very nicely. As he stands now he looks well up to Derby weights, and such a game staying colt is pretty euro to make some sort of fight with Dreadnought, especially if the great threeyear-old event iB run from end to end. A« there was not muoh doing this morning, I strolled down to the lower sheds. Most of the cracks work from here; Payten's horses invariably so. Hie first thing that strikes one with regard to the blue-and-white team is their splendid condition. I don't suppose a fitter staring of horses has ever been under the charge of one man at Flemington before, with tbe exception of Sinecure, who has had a very hard life this season. Every animal under Payten's charge is full of muscle, and as clean as a smelt. Old Abercorn goes with rare dash, and yesterday morning, after taking on first Sinecure and then Spice and running them to a standstill, he finished his once round in 2 min. 31 sec., this notwithstanding that Hales steadied him quite half a furlong from home The fight between Abercorn and Carbine in the Melbourne Stakes is not unlikely to Drove the feature of the meeting. If the old chesnut retains his present freshness I shall stand him to beat Carbine, and so obtain revenge for Ins defeat in the last Sydney Cup. Singapore is a great lengthy plain colt, and as lazy as they make them. He has to be driven along with the whip just as Nordenfeldt was, but I believe be is free enough with the oolours up. Singapore is furnished like a five-year old, and towers above Dreadnought and Rudolph. The Derby favourite is by no means a commanding-looking colt—one of the IOT, thick-set sort. His action when extended is Bimply perfect, and the muscles stand out on him in great lumps. He muBt be possessed of marvellous pace, aB Hales was distinctly niggling at Abercorn to make him keep his place alongside Dreadnought when the pair were together for five furlongs this morning.- Those who know the son of Trafalgar say that with Singapore out of the road the only possibility of his losing the Derby will ba through his inability to see the distance out, but as a rule the Sydney division look upon the raoe as a moral. All Raynor's horses are in oapital buokle, and after seeing Melos gallop yeBterday I am stronger than ever in the belief that he will ran a real good horse in the Melbourne CUD, and win or lose. I feel sanguine that he will beat Carbine. Of the two-year-olds at Flemington Correze is of course the. oentre of attraction; but Pay ten haB a beautiful filly in Prelude. She is a good deal after the style of her sire, Martini - Henry, and is a rare galloper. I am afraid none of our youngsters are likely to trouble the Judge, the most formidable opponents to Correze and Prelude, as far as I can gather, being the Admiral Wilga, Hermitage, and Magic Circle. List night at the Rooms a dead set waB made against Bravo, 100's to 5 being freely offered. Seeing the undertakers so anxious to offer it acainst the handsome bay, I enquired the cause, and waB informed by a leading penciller that he IB supposed to have split his hoof in the Caulfield Cap. Tradition is also in a bad way, if the market can be accepted as a reliable barometer, but as the big horse ran so well on a light preparation last year he may do so again. He seems to be a very delicate horse, and any attempt to drive him along results in his going off his feed. A gcod judge who saw Benzon work yesterday tells me that he seems to be getting slower every gallop Redfern has certainly given him a tremendous amount of galloping, and maybe the horse is getting stale on it. The lateBt information concerning Carbine is highly satiafadtory, and last night his admirers were prepared to accept anything better than 100 to 12 that he wins the Melbourne Cup. The thiee-year-old Antseus is also doing well, and no notice need be taken of his having finished laBt in a gallop with Carbine, Manton, and Prince Consort yeBterday morning. At Eleterhwick yeBterday Bachelor surprised even his owner by winning the Hurdle Race in a canter. At the weights the race was a good thing for the black, but it seems he has not been doing much work lately, and neither Mr. Haddrick nor his friends had a shilling on him. Bachelor's victory under the circumstances was unfortunate for his party a6 the horse has been exposed, aud all bis owner gets out of the win is a paltry £60 stake. Sir Lawrence ran in the October Handicap, but failed to stay home. Messre. Hubble and Mallen thought Tommy IV. (late Jack Tar) good enough to win the Trot, but he met a clinker in Lucretia, who broke np several times in the first halfmile and then won easily. This grey daughter of Contractor iB a beautiful mare, and probably the fastest trotter in Australia at the present time. Bordeaux ran in th* Steeplechase, but the cramped course did not Buit his long, striding action, and he had not the ghost of a chance with old Curiosity, who is a magnificent jumper and vervwel just now. The Elsternwick Park Handicap was a beautiful raoe, eight or norses being fairly bunched at the home turn. Just here it looked impossible for Harbinger to win, but he came with a brilliant rush in the straight, and just shot Mr. Leek's good thing, Marlborough, in the last few strides. Harbinger is tbe horse Mr. Reichan had in Adelaide last May. He was a great disappointment to the public theh, but ran as game as a pebble yesterday; anil, aa he started at such a nice price, those connected with him were able to win a fair stake. Accidents on the Flemington training ground are very rare considering the number of horses working every morning, bnt yesterday a pair of John Hill's had a narrow esoape, and to day there wa& a bad smash, owing to Lady Doris when goiDg full speed coming into collision with a mare called iPateena. ' Fagg received what looked like a terrible fall, but when he came to it was found that his injnriea did not amount to more than a severe shaking, while the other boy was not hurt at all. Lady Doris limped away as though hart in the shoulder, and I am afraid she will not be of much service to Mr. Pile for some time to come. The post which nearly brought Adventurous and Cheddar to grief is to be removed to a safer place. The weights for the Moonee Valley Cup were published this morning, and I noticed that Mr. Vowles has as;ain taken great care of zEneas. From a hasty glance down tbe list I should take Don Oiovan, Bothwell, Ginger, Trojan, and Briton to be the best handicapped, but the stake (£300) is not a large one nowadays, aud the best of the horses handicapped may be reserved for better thingr. Mr. Gordon's filly De Novo has been moBt harshly used in the St. Albans Handicap, wherein she is actually called upon to give weight to Quality. The Richmond filly Clare looks a prettvgood thing on paper, but if Quality ia in the humour to try she is bound to run welL \- There has been a good deal of talk in sporting circles this week about the running of Moorebank in the Caulfield Cup. The latest rumour is that Kelly, the trainer of the horse, intends to ask the V.A.T.C. or V.R.C. to investigate the matter, with a view to clearing his character from the aspersions whioh have been cast upon it in connection with the betting transactions concerning Moorebank and his subsequent display in the race. The backer who loBt so much money over the colt informed the books when he paid them on Monday that for the future he will refrain from tbe practice of indulging in indiscriminate betting. It is to hoped he will, as plungers are only a nuisance to racing. I don't think we shall hear much more of tbe Moorebank business, 