THE TRAVELLER. TH#~WANDEBINGS OF A GLOBE \- . ... TROTTEE. A versatile mnn is Mr. Lewis 'Wingfield, and Iii3 reputation will bo increased by his' two volumes of a traveller's tales, iu tlio Far East, published under tho above titlo by Messrs. Bentley & Son. Ho saw many lands and mado acquaintance with otivingo porsous, keeping his oyes well open to tho outaido ap pearances of men and things. Ho does not philosophino about institutions or rationnlizo about religions or moralise about mon and women ; so much tho better for his many readers. Ho givoi them plenty of inoidonts vividly told, somo of them amusing'and othors horrifying. To illustrate tho ono theory which ho has ventured, that Mongolians havo less sensitive nerves than Europeans, ho des oribos a judioial process which ho witnessed in a Chinese oourt. Tho object of tho judges was to extract from tho prisoner a confession of guilt : ' Hour after hour passed ; tho man showed no sign of suffering oxcopt quivering muscles, strained beyond control, und a movemont of tho tonjruo about his dry lips. His voico never faltered or grow weak. Ho nnsworod steadily and loudly, casting a furtivo hunted look out of tlio comers of his eyes at tho gibing bystanders, making no complaint. Aud yet that man was enduring tortnro un der which you and I would havo completely eueimmbed long rinco. Stripped, on tho bare stones he kneeled, his back turned to tho light, ilia arms, stretched straight, were lashed with ords to a bo.im of convenient height. At tbo back of thu knees, between thighs and calves, Tvas a stout polo poked, with agonising effect on tho sinews. Both ends of the polo woro off tho ground, mid at oaoh cud was a warder ready to joggle it with his font if tho culprit v.-us tardy or recalcitrant. If ho proved mulish, tho ends woro to bo pressed simul tauooMly with tlio result of breaking tho legs. Diabolically ingenious, if bland nnd' ohildliko Chinee !' , Hospital praetico is short, fhurp, and do cisivo: — ? ' A tooth was out, an a ataceai was lanced, m a trico. Graver cases wcr-? diagnosed nnd sont to bed -in an adjoining ward. Chop chop — quick, quick! A bvsin— sponges— blindages ! It wus aU so swiftly dono that tho bowildered patients woro spouohloss. No chloroform is ivcd. It seemed unnecessary, and au'ain I waa forced to ramnrlr. no T lmri dono alroady ai Clinton, how comparatively unsriisitive to p.iin is thf. Celestial.' In a romoto corner of Shanghai Mr. Wing fiold's attention was attracted by a queer timber cago, six feot high, ' from tho apox of which omergod u shiny ball, notunliko tho head of a man ':— ' This was worth investigating ; for pnss iug_ children, as well as adults, paused for an instant to look, nud then, unconcerned, moved on. Tho head of a man it was, with a lu'yh light cast by tho sun on its polished surfuce, passed through a pillory holo, its eyes closed, its oheeks fallen in, its chin rest ing on a bna-d, its toes just touching tho ground. Tho man was evidently alive, though near his end ; for now ami again ho faintly siijhod. PaitsuoJ on tho muchino wero two cross-strips of mandarin papei-, whereon it was intimated that ho or sho who was misguided enough to givo a sorup of chow-chow, solid or liquid, to tho sentenced ono, -would bo served in liko gruesomo fashion. Tho Oriental idea of rovenge is well illus trated in tho following story : — ' Slowly riding along ono day to tnko in details, my host and I camo upon b sccno which could occur in no other land. Two men -wore quarrelling, ivitli bloodshot eyos, faco close to faco ; protrudod lips wero hiss ing forth scathing words. Ono, goaded to uncontrollable madness, leaped on a pariipet, und, deliberately flinging himsolf over into a dry watercourse, was picked uporushedand lifoloss. Thus was ho rovenged for ovoron hin adversary for , sir.co.ho had died because of him, his ghost would haunt tho living in this world, and pursuo him dead into tho next.' Mr. Wingfiold's opinion of tho Jnpanoso ladies (whioh might havo mado him disliked in Japanese society if ho had expressed it before ho left for England) leads him to n theory of Japaneso art whioh wo givo for what it is .worth. 'lam compelled modestly nnd decorously to romark that the upper portion of tho female form in tho Land of tho Hieing Sun is too long for tho lower appendages. May I bo per mitted to murmur that tho legs are too short for tho bodv ? Tho ireiiius wlin invnnfn/1 rtin delightful kimono was craftily awaro of this as of tho tendency of ladios to willow. Ho — it must havo been n ho — accordingly ar ranged a. flo wingdrapery, with flowing sleeves and deliberately placed tho nash undor tho armpits,, thereby defying uncultured mnlo scrutiny as to correctly-disposed proportions.' Tho Japanese couviot is not punished by stripes but by nppeals to his moral sense:— ' ' Tho Japaneso convict is moro sensitive than his English brother. For a small poo cadillo ho is held up to tho obloquy of. his fellows by having his namo posted on a beard in tho exercising ground— a form of disgrace which would not much affect, I fear, a British conviot. For a serious offence ho is incarcerated in thoblaoc holo— a beautifully finished hut of swcot-sinclHujr wood without windows— but thero is a handle within, com municating with a bell, which ho is allowed to ring when ho thinks ho can't boar it any more.' This being so, we may supposo that malingering jig not so common a vico among Japanese prisoners an it is -with us. Ono of tho moat striking passages in theso volumes is tho account of tho hot-wator cure practised at JCiisutsu — n very drastic remedy, horrible, but (we are told) efficient. It ap pears that tho patients get used to being boiled alivo. 