Chapter XXVII.—I Encounter a Whaler. I had been six days aud nights at sea, and the morning of tho seventh day had come, With tho exception of one day of strong south-westerly winds, which ran me some thing to the northwards, the weather had been fine, bitterly cold indeed, but bright and clear. In this time I hud run a distance of about six hundred and fifty miles to tho east, and with no other cloths upon tho schooner tlmu her spritsail. I confess, as tho hours passed away and nothing hove into view, I grow dispirited and restless; but, on tho other hand, I was com forted bv tho bright weather and the favourable winds, and particularly by the vessel’s steering herself, which enabled mo to got rest, to kcop myself warm with tbo fire, and to dress iny food, yet ever pushing ou* wards (however slowly) into the navigated regions of this sea. On tho morning of the seventh day I canio on deck, having slept sinco four o’clock. The wind was icy keen, pretty brisk, about west by south; the movement in tho sea was from the south, and rolled very grandly; there was a fog that way, too, that hid tho horizon, bringing the oeeun-lino to within n league of tho schooner; but tho other quarters swept in a dark, clear, bluo line against the sky, and there was such a clarity of atmosphere as made tlie distances appear infinite. I went below and lighted the fire a ml got my breakfast, all very leisurely, and when I was done I sat down and smoked it pipe. It was so keen on deck that I had no mind to leave the lire, and, as all was well, I lounged through the best part of two hours in tho cook-house, when, thinking it was now time to take another survey of tho scene, 1 went on deck. On looking over tho larboard bulwark rail, the first thing I saw was a ship, about two miles otl'. She was on tho larboard tack, under courses, topsail, and main-topgallant sail, heading as if to cross my bows. The sunshiuc made her canvas look a's white ns snow against tho skirts of the body of vapour that had trailed a little to leeward of her, and her black hull Hushed as though she dis charged a broadside every time she rose wet to the northern glory out of tho hollow of the swell with a curl of silver at her cut ely heart came into my throat; I seemed not to breatho ; not to have saved my life could I have uttered a cry, so amazed and transported was I by this unexpected appari tion. I stared like one in a dream, and my head felt as if all tho blood in my body hud surged into it. But then, all on a sudden, there happened a revulsion of feeling. ^ Sup poso'she should prove a privateer—-a French war-vessel—of a nation hostile to my own V Tliought so wrought in me that I trembled like an idiot iti a fright. Tho telescope was too weak to resolve her, I could do better with my eyes; and I stood at the bulwarks gazing and gazing as if she were tho spectre ship of the Scandinavian There were Hags below, and I could have hoisted a signal of distress ; but to what purpose i If the appearance of the schooner did not suflieientty illustrate her condition, there was certainly no virtue in the language and declarations of bunting to exceed her own mute assurance. I watched her with a passion of anxiety, never doubting her inten tion to speak to mo, at all events to draw close and look at me, wholly concerning myself with her character. Tho swell made us both dance, and tho blue brows of the rollers would often hide her to the height of her rails; but we were closing each other middling fast, she travelling at sovcu aud I at four miles in the hour, and presently I could see that she carried a •number of A whaler, thought 1 : and after n little I was sure of it by perceiving the rings over her topgallant rigging for the look-out to On being convinced of this, I ran below for a shawl that was in my cabin, and, jumping on to tho bulwarks, stood flourish ing it for some minutes to let them know that there was a man aboard. She lulled to deaden her wav, that 1 might swim close, and as wo approached each other ^ I observed a crowd of heads forward looking at me, and several men aft, all staring intently. A man scrambled on the rail, jiiul with an arm clasping a backstay, hailed ‘Schooner ahov!’ ho bawled, with a strong nasal twang in his cry. ‘ What ship s that?’ * The Boca del Dragon,' I shouted buck. ‘ Where are you from, find where are you hound tor’ _ # . ‘ I have been locked up in the ice,’ I cried, ‘ and am in wunt of help. What ship are ‘ The Susan Tucker, whaler, of New Bedford, twenty-seven months out,’ he returned. * Where in creation got you that * I’m the only num aboard,1 1 cried, * and have no boat. Send to me, in the name of God, and let the master come !’ Ho waved his hand, bawling, 1 But your helm down—you’re forging ahead!’ and so saying, dismounted. I immediately east tho tiller adrift, put it hard over, and secured it, then jumped on to tho bulwarks again to watch them. She was Yankee beyond doubt; I hud rather met my own countrymen; but, next to a British, I would have chosen an American ship to meet. Somehow, despite the Frenchman, I felt to have been alone throughout my adventure; and so sore was the effect of that solitude upon my spirits that it seemed twenty years since I had seen a ship, aud since 1 had held commune with my own species. I was terribly agitated, and shook in every limb. Life must have been precious always; but never before had it appeared so precious as now, whilst I gazed at that homely ship, with lier main topsail to the mast, swinging stately upon the swell, the faces of the seamen plain, the smoke of her galley-fire breaking from the chjmney, tho sounds of creaking blocks and groaning parrels stealing from her. .Such a fountain of joy broke out of my heart that my whole being was flooded with it, and had that mood lasted I believe I should have exposed the treasure in the run, and invited all the men of the whaler to shave in it with me. They stared fixedly; little wonder that they should bo astounded by such an appearance as my slap exhibited. One of the several boats which* hung at her davits was lowered, the oars flushed, aud presently she was near enough to be hit with a biscuit; but when there the master, as I supposed him to be, who was steering, sung out, ‘ ’Vast rowing !’ the boat emtio to a stand, a ml her people to a man stared at mo with their chins upuu their shoulders as if I hud been a fiend. It was plain as a pikestaff that they were frightened, and that the superstitions of the forecastle were hard at work in them whilst they vie wild me. They looked a queer company; two wore negroes, the others pale faced bearded men, wrapped up in clothes to the aspect of scarecrows. The fellow who steered had a faco as long as a wet hammock, aud it was lengthened yet to tho eye bv a heard like a goat's Imngiug at the extremity of his chin. Ho stood up—a tall, lank figure, with legs likn a pair of compasses—and hailed me < afresh, but the high swell, regular as the i swing of a pendulum, interposed its brow c between him and me, ho that at one moment ] lie was a sharply-lined figure against the i sky of the horizon, and the next he and his boat and crow wore sheer gone out of sight, aud this made au exchange of sentences slow and troublesome. ‘ Say, master,’ he sung out, ‘ what d’ye say the schooner's name is/’ ‘ Tho Jioca if cl Jirayonf I replied. * Aud who arc you, mutey V 1 An English* sailor who lias been cast away ou un island of ice,’ I answered, talking very shortly that the replies might follow the questions before the swell sank him. ‘Ay, ay,* says he, ‘ that’s very woll; but when was you castaway, bully F I gave liim the date. * That’s not a month ago,’ cried he. ‘ It’s long enough, whatever the time,’ said I. Here the crew fell a-talkiug, turning from one another to staro at me, and the negroes* eyes showed as big as saucers in the dismay of their regard. ‘ See, hero, master,’ sung out the long man, ‘if you han’t been oust away more than a month, how como you clothed us men went dressed a century sin,’ bey F The reasons of tlioir misgivings flashed upon me. It was not so much the schooner as my appearance. Tho truth was, 1113' clothes having been wetted, I had ever since been ■\yeurxug such thick garments us I met with in the cabin, keeping my legs warm with jackboots, and I lmd boon so used to tjiogarb that I forgot I had it ou. You will judge, them, that I musthavo presented a liguro very liicoly calculated to excite tho wonder and apprehonsion of a body of men whoso super stitious instincts were already miflieiontly Huttered by the appenranee of the schooner, when I toll you that, in addition to the jack boots and a great fur cap, my costume was funned of u red plush waistcoat laced with silver, purple breeches, u coat of friezo with yellow braiding and huge cuffs, and the cloak that I had taken from the body of Mendoza, ‘Captain,* cried .1, ‘if so be yon aro the captain, in the name of God and humanity come aboard, sir,’ Here I had to wait till he reappeared. * My story is an extra ordinary one. You have nothing to fear. X am a plain English sailor; my ship was the Laughing Mary, bound in ballast from Callao to the Cape.’ Here I had to wait again. ‘ Pray, sir, come aboard. There is nothing to fear. I am alone—in grievous distress, and in want of help. Pray come, sir !’ . There was so little of the goblin in this appeal that it resolved him. The crew hung in the wind, but he addressed them peremptorily. I heard him damn them tor a set of curs, and tell them that if they xml him aboard they might lie off till ho was ready to return, where they would be sate, as the devil could not swim ; and presently they buckled to their oars again and the boat came along side. The long man, watching his chance, sprang.with great agility into the chains, and stepped on deck. I ran‘up to him and seized his hand with both mine. * Sir,’ cried I, speaking with difficulty, so great was tho tumult of my spirits and the joy and gratitude that swelled my heart, * I thank you a t housand times over for this visit. I am in the most helpless condition that can be imagined. I am not astonished that you should have been startled by the appearance of this vessel and by tho figure 1 make in these clothes, but sir, you will he much more amazed when you have heard my story. He eyed me steadfastly, examining mo very earnestly from my boots to my cap, and thou cast a giaueo around him before be made any reply to my address. He had the ga until ess, sallowness of complexion, and deliberateness of manner peculiar to tho people of New England. And though ho was a very ugly, lank, uncouth man, I protest he was as fair in my sight as if he hud been the am* brosial angel described by Milton. * ‘Well, cook my gizzard,’ lie exclaimed presently, through his nose, anil after another good look at me and along the decks and up aloft. ♦ if this ain't mi-raculous, tew. Burned if we didn’t take this hooker for some ghost ship riz from the sea, in charge of a merman rigged out to fit her age. Y* are all alone, air you V | 4 All alone,* said I. ‘ Proa eh mo every barrel aboard if ever I see rich n vessel,’ be cried, his astonishment rising with the searching glances lie directed aloft and alow. * How old bo she * She was cast away in seventeen hundred and lifty-three,’ said I. * Well, I’m durncd. She’s froze hard, sirvee ; I. reckon she’ll want :t hot snu to thaw her. Split me mister, if she ain’t worth sailing home as a show-box.’ I interrupted his ejaculations by. asking him to step below, where we could sit warm whilst I related my story, and I asked him to invite his boat's crew into flic cabin that I might regale them with a bmvl of such liquor as 1 ventured to say bad never passed their lips in this life. On this he went to tke side, and, hailing the men, ordered all but one to step aboard and drink to tho health of tho lonesome sailor they hud come across. The word ‘ drink* acted like a charm; they in stantly hauled upon the painter and brought the boat to the chains and tumbled over the side, one of the negroes remaining in her. They fell together in a body, and surveyed me and tho ship with u hundred marks of astonishment. * My lads’ said I, 4 my rig is a strange one, but rircxplain all shortly. The clothes I was cast away in are below, aud I’ll show you them. I’m not spectre, but as veal as you ; though 1 have gone through so much that, if I am not a ghost, it is no fault of old ocean, hut owing to tho mercy of God. My name is Paul Rodney, and I’m a .native of London. You, sir,’ says I, addressing the long man, 4 are, I presumet he master of tho Susan Tucker’ * 4 At your service—.Tosiah Tucker is my name, and tiiat ship is my wife Susan. 4 Captain Tucker, and you, men, will you i please step below, says I. The weather promises fair ; I have much to tell, aud there is that in the cabin which will give you patience to hear me.’ I descended the companion-stairs, and they all followed, making the interior that had been so long silent, riug with their heavy tread, whilst from time to time a gruff, hoarse whisper broke from one of t hem. Put super stition lay strong upon their imagination, and they were awed and quiet. The daylight came down the hatch, but for all that the cabin was darksome. I waited till the last man had entered, and then said, 4 Before wo settle down to a bowl and a yarn, captain, I should like to show you this ship. It’ll save me a deal of descrip tion and explanation if you will be pleased to take a view.’ ‘Lead on, mister,’ said he ; ‘ but we shall have to snap otir eyelids and raise tire in that way, for durncd if I, for one, can see in the I fetched three or four hmthovns, and lighting the candles, distributed them among the men, and then, in a prooesrien, headed by the captain and me, we made the rounds, I had hull-cleared the arms-room, but there were weapons enough left, and they stared at them like yokels in a booth. I showed them the cook-house and the forecastle, where the deck was still littered with clothes, and chests, and hammocks; and, after carry ing them aft to tho cabins, gave them a siirht of the hold. I never saw men more amazed. They filled the vessel with their exclama tions. They never ottered to touch any thing, being too much awed, hut stepped about with their heads uncovered, as quietly as they could, as though they hud been in a crypt, and the influence of strange aud terrifying memorials was upon them, I also showed them the clothes 1 had come away from the Laughing Mary in ; and, that. I might submit such an aspect to them as should touch their sympathies, i whipped oil' the cloak and putuu my own pilot-cloth There being nothing more to see, I led them to tho cook-room, and there brewed a great hearty howl of brandy-punch,which I seasoned with lemon, sugar, and spices, into as relishablc a draught as my knowledge in that way could compass, and, giving every j man a pannikin, hade him dip and welcome, j myself first drinking to them with a brief } speech, yet not so brief but that I broke j down towards the close of it, and ended with 1 a dry sob or two. i They would have been unworthy their * country and their calling uot to have been 4 touched by my natural manifestation of j emotion : besides, the brandy was an incom parably fine spirit, and the very perfume of . the steaming bowl was HulUeient to stimulate \ tlic kindly qualities of sailors who hud been \ locked up for months in a greasy old ship, < with no diviner smells about than the stink ; of the try-works. The captain, standing up, t called upon bis men to drink to me, promising 1 me that ho was very glad to have fallen in with my schooner, and then, looking at tho , others, made a sign, whereupon they4 all ! fixed their eyes upon mo utul drank as one man, everyone emptying his put and inverting it as a proof, aud fetching a rousing sigh of satisfaction, (TO I1B CONTINUKD.) Mr, Frederick Heather, Inspector of Windsor Palace at £500 u year, died at Yontnor on 30Hi January, aged fifty. He was much respected by4 the Queen. Thu Transvaal Chamber of Mines records last year’s gold output at 231,OOOoz. In December the yield was 2(j,14Hoz. There wero 897,225 visitors to South Kensing ton Museum, London, last year. MURRAY'S FLUID MAGNESIA j:i particularly beneficial us a pleasing sedative and aperient in all cases of irritation and acidity of the stomach, par ticularly during pregnancy, febrile complaints, in fantilo disorders, or sen sickness. It speedily removes heartburn, acid eructations, or irregular digestion. It never fails to compose the stomach in a few minutes after any excess. As a lotion for the mouth it sweetens the breath, and the Magnesia clears the teeth from tartar. MURRAY’S FLUID MAGNESIA almost invariably succeeds in removing tho spasms, headaches, and gastric poniflja to wljlch delicate persona are subject from acidify of tlje stomach. CAUTION.—rieaso observe tha signature of the iUTentom on every label* Sold by all ebcaiial*, 