THE BELL OF ST. PAUL'S. BY WALTER BESANT, Author of Dorothy For3ter, the Chaplain of'tke.Fleet, Herr Paulus, &c.; CUapter V.— His Instructions. The lodger was placed, as lie bad been warned, In the best bedroom. Formerly, no family which respected itself was without a best bed room. If .was the national recognition of the duty of hospitality. But ju3t as the tobacconist used to show outward respect for the Sunday by a singje shutter, yet during that day carried on a roaring. trade, so the best bedacknowledged a virtue which was never practised. For no one over occupied the best bedroom. These people, , wlien.whicliwasrarely.theydidhavcaguest, put . him in an inferior apartment. For a hundred . years, ever since the opening of the Academy by tho first Cottle, had this room been kept in readiness for the gue3t who was never expected and was never asked. It seems remarkable. . Borne customs linger in decay ; this continued . in its pristine vigor. One might have thought that a lumber room, an unused garret, even a cupboard, might have been set apart and labelled "be3t bedroom" in deference to ancestral custom; anything would do for the phantom guest. But no, the law was plain, and it was carried out to the letter ; and the family were squeezed and packed in obedience to the rule which demanded a best bedroom. A vast- four poster with mahogany columns, a canopy with faded velvet fringe and heavy red curtains looped up, stood in the middle of the room. Lying in such a bed the sleeper might dream of royal funerals and fancy him self lying in state. This conceit would naturally conduct his thoughts into a profitable field of meditation as edifying to the soul as Young's h'ight Thoughts; The rest of the room was only regarded as a ca3e or big box for the holding of the four poster. There was a chest of drawers in mahogany.; there were two chairs also of mahogany ; a washing stand, and on the walls hung two- or three prints of an allegorical kind, such as Ignorance Put to Flight by Resolution, and Perseverance Directed by Knowledge, suggesting the severely moral atmosphere of an Academy. Laurence, in his ignorance, thought that this must have been formerly the bedroom of the late Vicesimus, and wondered how that reverend ghost would take the smell of tobacco. He was wrong; it had always been the best bedroom,- and no one for a hundred years had ever slept in it. Between the colossal bed and the .window had been placed (by tho fair hands of Flavia) a small table with a cover — only a flimsy modern thing with a common deal top, put there for the convenience of the lodger, who might wish to write upon it. A pair of candles stood upon this table. Laurenco opened the window and looked out. The sunset glory had departed, but a tranquil twilight reigned. But the river was dark ; there were no lights upon it or any movement ; Bank Side itself, though it was not yet 10 o'clock, was deserted.- There came no sound of voices from tie WaiqrraQii's Arm? clo3o_ by, Tg outward W) ft spot unci quiet. But cabs and carts rolled ov6t Southwark-bridge ; and engines whistled and trains rumbled continuously from the railway station beyond. Many places there arc in London which have a secluded look and tho appearance of a solemn calm. Bank Side on a summer evening is one. Or thcro is the Cathedral Close of Horselydown ; or the Cres cent, Miliories ; or the Garden Churchyard of St. George's, Rat cliff. They are quiet and un disturbed, but around them and outside them, rolls the noisy river of life which is never still. Laurence lit the candles, sat down, and began the desecration of the Academy by the smoke of tobacco. Presently he opened his pocket hook and drew out a letter. " Now, my dear mother," he said, "wc will read your letter again on the spot. It will bo much moro intelligible. Meantime, I have done already moro than you desired. I am actually lodging with tho people. My cousins, Lucius and Cornelia, little think that they arc enter taining an angeL" "My dearest Bon," the letter began, "when you have seen tho sights of London anil been to all the gay places and aro able to spare a little time, I wish you to find out for me what has become of certain people who at one time had a great deal to do with my life. Perhaps they are all dead ; porliap3 they are dispersed and lost "Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved. sight of ; but perhaps you will find some of " Go, first of all, to a place on the south side of tho river, called Bank Side. It is a poor and Bkabby place Not at sunset, mother.")— on the river side, with factories, works and wharves. There are, however, two or three private houses, and one of them on the west side of Southwark-bridge used to bo the resi dence of my uncle Vicesimus Cottle, who kept a school there. I do not suppose that he is still living, because I speak of a time 30 years ago, but the house was his own, and perhaps some of his children live there still. He had one son, Lucius, and three daughters named Julia, Cor nelia and Claudia " "Claudia, my dear mother," said the reader, laying down the letter, " is now in the Churcli, Archdeacon or Bishop— she certainly wears an apron ; Claudia is a prophet ; and Julia is tho unfortunate Julia, now no more. Lucius is now in the higher branch of the law— that is, a barrister. Perhaps a Queen's counsel, though why a barrister should live at Bank Side However " "The eldest of roy cousins was married to .a certain Mr. Norbery, about whom I have to tell you a great deal. He was 20 years older than his wife. Of the three cousins Julia wa3 my friend. The others regarded me with the affec tion that is generally bestowed upon poor rela tions, but Julia was really kind to me. There- fore, it was a great grief to me when she caught some kind of bad throat and died. " My sister and I were the poor relations ; though indeed there was not much wealth in the family. We were so poor that we had to go to work at a very early age. My sister was em ployed in a City shop where she made trim mings, and I was a daily dressmaker. That means that for Is. a day and dinner and teal went out to people's houses and sewed for them. In some hou3e3 they wero kind to me, I remember; but in many thoy tried to got as much work as they could for the smallest amount of food." " Mankind," said the reader, out of his vast experience, "are made up of beasts and humans. Mostly beast3." " Presently my sister heard of a good place in the country and went away. We wrote to each other for a year and then my letters came back. And then I went away too, and so we quite lost sight of each other. And I know not what has become of my poor dear Lily, who was once so pretty and so bright. It is a hard thing, my son, to be a poor girl in England. My uncle, when I called on the first Sunday of every month, received mc with stately condescension; my two cousins with the kind of warmth that comes from a senso of duty. How strange it is that, even now, with all our wealth and success — when I have my carriages and great houses and tho people call mo ' my lady,' and we are far, far grander people than my cousins ever dreamed about— 1 still think of them as occupy ing a position so much higher in the world than my own. Tell me if their houso on Bank Side firoves overwhelming to you." Tho reader ooked about him and smiled. "To me the houso represented the highest possible gentility, and no one certainly could have had more dig nity than my uncle Vicesimus. "Soon after Julia died Mr. Korbery greatly astonished me by asking if I would become hi3 housekeeper. He said that I was no stranger to him : that I knew the ways of the house, and that he knew me for a careful girl and one who would not wasto and lavish. He offered me sixteen pounds a year, with board and lodging. His offer scemcu to open a door of release from my precarious way of living and I willingly accepted it. For some unknown reason Cornelia and Claudia ohose to be offended. They made mo feel that they resented my taking their sister's placo, though only as housekeeper : and they said so many unkind things that I left off going to the house and saw nothing more of my cousins. "Now, my son, please read carefully what follows, though it will not at first intore3t you. When you have read it you will understand what I want you to do, and why." "I biew very well, when I accepted Mr. Norbery's proposal, what he meant by his ways. It was no secret that his ways were niggardly. I know that he was parsimonious in the highest degree. He would dole out tho tea, weigh the bread and meat, do the marketing; put the house ou allowance of everything — all this I knew very well— but at the worst he could not keep up a more thrifty way of life tliau I had been compelled to follow. Besides, I knew him to be a man who would not treat me with personal unkindness. Therefore, I accepted his offer and became his housekeeper. " My employer lived at a house in Southwark- bridgc-road — I forgot the number— but it was one of a row on the east side near Anchor- terrace. It was dingy, because the owner could noyer make up his mind to spend money in painting it. Within the furniture was continually being changed, because he was always buying things and selling them at a profit. One day wo would he sitting in tho midst of the mo3t beautiful and precious carved cabinets, tables and chairs, and the next upon common chairs taken out of the kitchen with a deal table. And sometimes tho walls would ho hung with paintings, and at other times they would be quite bare. " There never was any man so friendless a3 Mr. Korbery. He liad no friends ; he seemed to have no acquaintances ; he only know other men by doing business with them. No one ever came to the houso ; he went nowhere. Some men go to taverns in the evening, for company. But Mr. Korbery sat at home every night, alone. Ho courted no society. Once I asked him if he had no relations. He hesitated awhile and then replied that he had none. Afterwards, however, I discovered that this was not true. He had relations." "He svas a money-lender, to begin with. That is to say, money lending was hiB principal business. His house in the Southwark-bridge- load jws, J suppose, a good central spot for suoh busbies?. His clients were not" young gentlemen of profligate habits, such as one reads of in novels, hut the tradesmen of tho quarter. He knew them all and their private affairs ; he knew what mortgages were on their houses or their stocks; what money they had borrowed, anil who were be hind them ; if any of them gave a bill of sale lie found it out ; if one of them took to drink ; if one began to haunt the tavern and the billiard room ; if one began to bet upon races or to follow any kind of sport ; if one had an extravagant wife, or a worthless son ; if the business of one was falling off ; if one was a fool and certain to cause liis business to decay ; he learned it, and traded to his own advantage on the knowiedee. "He was not only n money-lender ; he was always attending sale3 and auctions and buying things which ho sold again ; he was always looking out for people who had things of whose value they wero ignorant — piotures, furniture, china, plate, mirrors, hooks, anything. When he found such things he had no rest until he had bought them — of course, for a tenth part of their value. He had an agent, clerk, or servant, named Jonathan Mayes, who was his jackal, and found out this and all other kinds of information for him — I think he got it from pot boys, bailiffs, men in possession, marine store dealers and so torth, gathering it in the public-houses. He was a fellow of jovial appearance, though as cold-hearted in reality as bis master." " In short, as I now understand, Mr. Norbery's trade business was to make money out of the necessities, weakness, folly and wickedness of his fellow-men It is not an honorable business, though men become rich by means of it. Aud, in tlic pursuit of that business, he knew no tenderness, sympathy or compassion whatever. Ho exacted his bond. "His habits of life were uniform. In the morning he went out upon his affairs, and gener ally remained out until 1 o'clock. After dinner he "sat in his office, which was tho front room, until 3.30 in the evening , receiving his clients and transacting business with them. Hither came the unhappy man who hoped by the help of a loan to get 'clear of his difficulties ; hither came the same man, later on, when he had discovered that he had tied a mill stone about his neck. There wa3 the widow who had borrowed money to pay her rent, and given a bill of sale upon her furniture for security; the tradesman who had mortgaged his stock, the clerk who wanted to renew his bill, the spendthrift who wanted to give a bill in exchange for money down :— they all came. At the opening of business nobody could be more friendly than Mr. Korbery; the thing was very simple, it could be arranged in ten minutes ; terms of repayment would be easy. Later on, he became harder; he would explain quite clearly what would happen if the agreement was not carried out. I, who sat in the room behind at my work, could hear the poor creatures weep ing and praying for time, or else, as sometimes happened, cursing the man who had made them sign that bond. Neither prayera nor ciirse3 moved him any more than they would have moved the rising tide. " After supper he had a pipe and a glass of brandy and water — his only extravagance— and sometimes ho talked, always of his affairs and his wonderful cleverness in getting the better of somcbodjy or other. I understand now, that in these conversations he tried to represent himself as he wished people to regard him, and to think of him ah a perfcotly just man who wanted no more tlian the agreement entitled him to demand. I also understand, uow, that he was ahvay3 scheming and contriving to overreach and get the better of his neighbors." "There was one part of his property— In fact, the most important part — of which he was con tinually. telling me. First ho would tell me how he acquired it, and this with so roundabout a story, that it was easy to perceive that he was concealing some portions of his history and altering other portions. Evidently it was a story which might be told from another point of view. I also gathored that, in fact, it had been very differently told. It was property which should have belonged to a certain Sylvester Indagine " The reader here laid down the letter, tho name naturally causing his thoughts to wander to the girl who came out of the boat. Then he remem bered a certainfellow traveller. "TheProfessor'a name was Sylvester " lie said. "Sylvester Indaginc, whom Mr. Korbery persuaded into soiling. He owned that lie per suaded him ; but then, he explained, Sylvester Indagine was such a poor weak creature that somebody else would have persuaded' him. Ho knew this, he admitted— that the property was hound to go up in value ; the unfortunate owner did not know this. What then? He might have known — it was a matter of business — in bu3inc33 one buys and sells and makes profit by getting knowledge. Then, he had given a good prioo for the property— a muoh better price than some men would havo offered. If Sylvester afterwards died in the Queen's Bench Prison, what had that sale to do with his death ? And one evening he said a new thing. "As to what they said about my sister," he said, "that is rubbish. She was dead, and he owed me money. He owed mo money." I did not then under stand the words, hut I remembered them— so that, as I said before, Ifouiul out that he had had relations. And this, I am certain, none of my cousins, not oven his wife, ever knew. " Another evening he told me that Sylvester Indagine's son was likely to go off in tho same way as his father." " There are two boys," he said. ' ' -Eneas and Clement. I don't know at this moment where Clement is. /Eneas is in a solicitor's office. And I am afraid ho has taken to billiards and drink — yes— to billiards and drink like his father." "On several occasions he returned to tlii3 subject, so as to show that he was watching this young man with interest. And I learned little by little that there was a small property coming to the sons of Sylvester Indagine, and that ho hoped to get that property for himself. I con fess that I felt a great pity for theso young men, round whose feet I could see the snares wero spread. But I never saw either of them." "Now, one night, just before closing time, there waB a loud and angry conversation in tho office. Sitting in tho back parlor with only a glass door of separation I heard all that was said. '"What;' cried the speaker, 'you thought to do for the sons what you had already done for tho father. You would porauade them into parting with the little property that is coming to them. You expected /Eneas this very ovon- ing, and you have got the papers ready for him to sign. Woll — he will not come.' 1 If he will not sell, Dr. Luttrell, how will he get out of his difficulties? I shall not give him any money.' " ' Ho has already got out of them. I am como to tell you that he has gone away. ' " ' Oh ! you havo advised him to run away, have you, Sir? To run away !' '"At all events, he has run away. He knows now, how you have bought up liis debts, and why. And he has gono away out of your reach.' "Mr. Korbery said nothing. " ' You 1' The speaker was a certain Dr. Luttrcl, who had recently settled to practice in the place. Ho was a young man and said to he clever. ' You !'— I could fuel that ho was palatini; his (m fit H:\ KorbOH'— 'WU— to whom ho should have IootoJ for help ah J ad vice — havo done your best to compass his des truction for the sake of a miserable lionso or two ! The very stones are calling out upon you.' '"I do not hear the voice of those stones. Say what you have to say, and go.' '"You sent your own sister's husband— /Eneas Indagine's father— to die in a debtor's prison— aud now you are trying to rob your sister's sons ?' " He said no more, but this was enough. Mr. Norbery, thon, had relations. He had nephews. They were /Eneas and Clement, the two sous of Sylvester Indagine, the man who liad died in the Queen's Bench prison, whose property he had aoquircd. And he was scheming to get from them whatever they had. There was never a liardcr-heartcd man." "Dr. Luttrell"— said the reader. "That was the man I saw to-night. And Clement Indagine was with him. Very well. If the old mail is dead, it hardly looks as if he had left his wealth to his nephew." He went on reading the letter. " I was by this time engaged to your father ; he was a boatbuildor at Rothcrhithe. I had not vouturcd to tell Mr. Korbery because I was afraid. I knew ho wanted me to stay with him, and that he would be very angry. But my lover grew impatient and I had to tell liim. First of all he fell into a great rage, and de clared I was behaving with the grossest ingra titude. Next he fell to cajoling me, and after all sorts of flattering words he offered to double the wages'if I would stay on with him. Lastly, he even offered to marry me. 1 There !' he said. " I will make you the richest woman in the borough, and I hope that will satisfy you." He seemed amazed that any woman should refuse such an offer. When he understood that nothing could bribe me to give up my sweet heart, lis becamo quite calm, and Baid in his driest manner — I remember the words as if it was yesterday — 'Then, cousin Lucy,'— he always called me cousin — ' you leave my house in an hour. And now, listen. Six mouths ago I made my will. I must leave my money to someone, and 1 leit it to you — all of it' — he groaned dismally — 'the whole of it; all my beautiful houses and shops and my shares and investments. Backler the lawyer drew the will ; Mayes witnessed it ; and it is kept in my box at Backler's. Very good. Now I shan't alter that will. I won't leave a sixpence to— to the sons of Sylvester Indagine, aud I won't leave a six- penoc to Julia's relations. But I will punish you another way. I am going to live for thirty years yet— why not for forty ? You shall spend all those years ill poverty ; your husband shall be a bankrupt ; you shall be ruined ; and I will not help you. Not until you are an old woman and have passed your life in misery, will you succeed to your fortune. Meantime, no one will know that it is to be yours, and you will not bo able to raise a penny on your expectations. Your husband, I say, shall he a pauper and your chil dren beggars." Now you can go.' " An hour afterwards I left the house, taking my things with me, and I have never seen him siuce. "But his words were partly prophetic, be cause in two or three months after our wedding my husband was made a bankrupt. I '.do not understand exactly how the thing was managed, hut it was Mr. Korbery who did it by means of some mortgage that he had acquired. The mortgage was of long standing and troubled my husband no more than if it had been rout ; hut the valuo of the yard had gone down so, that when tlio mortgage was foreclosed it was not possible to raiso another to pay it off with. "At first it really seemed as if the rest of his words were to come true, because my husband found it difficult to get work, to say nothing of recovering his position. At last we resolved upon trying a new country, where Mr, Norbery could no longer pursue us, and we camo here in a happy day. "Iam quite certain, my dear boy, that he spoke the truth ; I mean, that ho really had made that will and that he was resolved not to make another. "Go, then; find out, first, if he still lives If he does, tell him who yon are, and say, for me, that I do not want any of liis fortune, how ever great it may bo, but that it belongs to his nephews, to whom ho ought to leave at. If, on the other hand, he is dead, which is more than likely, asoertain what has been done about that will, and put tho matter into proper bauds so that the property may he restored to his nephews or to their children. "As regards my cousins, I do not know whether they will receive you iu a friendly spirit. But mako thoir acquaintance, unlesa they are scattered and have left their old house on Bank Side. It may be, perhaps, that some of them are poor and want assistance. Let us help them for the sake of Julia, who was always my very loving friend and cousin. " As for my sister Lily, I know not where you can look for or how you may find her, or if she still lives. Perhaps, if anyone can toll you nbout her, it would be Cornelia. Be hnppy, my dear son, and come back soon to your loving mother. "Lucy "Waller." No one, in tho old dnys, was supposed to re quire more than an inch and a half of candlo in his bedroom. It was on this limited scale that Flavia had furnished the lodger's candlesticks. Therefore, at this point, just a3 the letter was finished both candles began simultaneously to flicker iu their sockets. Laurence extinguished them and sat awhile pondering in tho twilight. "Things." he said, " coincide in a truly won derful fashion. I am haunted by Indagines. The professor was on board tbo steamer — tbo Christian name was Sylvester, too. He was com ing to England in order to remedy a great wrong he told mo. "What great wrong ? Did the ghost of the first Sylvester lug off to a debtor's prison the ghost of old Norbery, and is he kept there still ? And on my very first night on Bank Side I moet Clement Indagine himself— what rela tion can he be to tho professor, I wonder ? And he is a poet — I have heard of Swinburne and Browning and Locker and Dob3on, but I never heard of Indaginc. Perhaps he is Swinburne. Can any wrong have been done to Altbea? . . . Altbea " he repeated tho name softly. "She camo out of the sunset. Shcdcs- ceuded from heaven. Is she the one who is wronged ? In that caso I should like to take my coat off. And is tho property big, or was it big only in my mother's imagination ? Perhaps it consists of half a dozen houses in a Rank Side slum. Hang it ! I hope Altbea will get it all. Sho would buy a velvet dress — she would look splendid in crimson velver. Altbea— tho beau tiful Althea. She came straight out of the clouds— with an attendant Nymph." Here lie yawned, being sleepy. " I am in the house of my ancestors. Kicesimus — wonder why my mother never told me about the 'practical elo cutionist '—was my great uncle ; my grand mother was a Cottle ; the original academician was my great grandfather. Lucius— of the higher branch— is my cousin ; Cornelia— in the church— how the devil can she be in the eliurch ? — is also my cousin. So is Claudia, who is a prophet— a minor prophet ; it would lie presump tuous to expect higher rank ; and pretty little Cassandra and Flavia the prim and Seinpronius and Felix— they are all— all— all— my cousins. I have got au armful of cousins."' He looked out of the window again. The broad river flowed, black and silent, at his feet ; beyond tc river the great CaUiedral loomod, high above the wMshouM t.\3t and majestic, solemn iu the dim twilight. Across the waters came the boom of the bell striking the hour of 11\. Then this young man's heart was filled with a strange emotion. He forgot for the first timo in his life the Sydney home ; he forgot tho Australian thoughts : his mind went back to the old time, 3D years ago, before ever he was born, when his mother went from house to house earning a shilling a day and her humble food— his mother, now so sweet aud gracious a lady— and meofclv called once a month nt the house of her genteel relations to receive tho condescen sion of the learned Vicesimus and the chilly kindness of Cornelia : and tramped about tho mean streets of Soutbwark with her Bister, as poor as herself— the sister who made trimmings iu a alion and took a country situation aud dis appeared. IVhatbecame of that aister? "Whither had she voyaged? Why did she leave off writ ing? Where was 8he now ? He understood for the first time— ho had read the letter a dozen times on his voyage home, but with little comprehension— his mother's old life. As he liad stood that niglit to watch the sunset upon the river, so might she have stood a hundred times— with her sisters— with Florry —lost and vanished. Behind her tho respecta bility of the Academy : before her tho river aud the great Cathedral beyond ; her present, a life, hard, ill-paid, uncertain ; and for her future nothing but the hope that livc3 and dies with youth. He vras among hii own people, unknown to tnein, perhaps bringing gifts from foreign lauds. Among UU own people. One cannot choose oousins ; they aro served out ; one is helped to cousins ; it is good manners to receive without a murmur whatever is helped. These were, at least, interesting cousins. And they ivere'hij own people. To a colonial this may mean more than to a home born Englishman. Then tlu clock struck 12 ; lowly, every Btroke of the bell ringing and circling in the air. It was mid night ; even the railway station was quiot at last ; the niglit was very RtiU and calm. Lau- rcnce thought that lie could see, Btanding where lie had Btood, two poor girls catching oacu other by tho hand, and one was saying u Florry, wo are alone in the world — let us never lose each other." The voice came up to liim with the dying oclioc3 of the bell. It was the voice of Uij mother 1 As he stretched his legs between the sheets ho heardalittle stifled cough which made him uitup and look round, for it seemed to come from tho bottom of the bed. "It is Vicesimus," ho murmured. "Tho Sanctity of the Academy is profaned at la3t." 