MOUNT MORGAN. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH PRESENTATION. OD Tuesday evening, 12th instant, s social tea, followed by a meeting, was held in the above Church. The occasion waa a gathering to take farewell of the Rev. J. Adamaon, and also to make him a present of a paree of sovereigns, willingly contributed by a number of kind friends, including £5 from J. Wesley Hall, Esq. Mr. Adamson has been labour, ing in this district in connection with the Primitive Methodist denomination for the psst four yeara. The Primitive Methodists, aa in many other places io Queensland, were the first to hold religious services, and to build a church at Mount Morgan, and Mr. Adamson was the first resident minister here. Four yeara ago ministère coming to Mount Morgan to preach had far harder work and greater difficulties to contend with than ia now the caee. Leaving Rockhampton on a Sunday morning, they would preach in the schoolroom at Union ville in the afternoon to about nine or a dozen persona, then proceed to Mount Morgan and preach there in acme bark humpy, or a house lent for the purpose. After preaching, some kind friend would in- vite him to camp on a stretcher made of old sacking. Mr. Adamson baa ridden on horse back aa mnch aa 200 miles a week, preaching and conducting services, out in the isolated bush, where ministers of other denominations have not been, and where, after going round and visiting the different camps, wheo the time for Bervice arrived, be might have a con- gregation of five or six persons. Until lately he would preach at Mount Morgan in the morning, ride to Unionville and preach there in the afternoon, a distance af thirteen miles, returu to Mount Morgan, and preach there again in tbe evening. It ¡B to the credit of the Primitive Methodist connexion, and to such men as Rev. Mesara. Adamson, Hartley, Powell, and others that they were the first to preach the Word of God in what waa then an iaolated and almost unknown place, and that they "bore the heat of the day," and sur- mounted difficulties which other ministers have not experienced at Mount Morgan. The gathering on Tuesday evening was of a private character, and, with a few exceptions, waa oonfined to members of the church, of whom about sixty were present. The Rev. R. Hartley presided at the after-meeting, and after he had delivered an address called upon Mr. Trevor Smith, who, on behalf of those present, presented Mr. Adamson with a puree containing 31 sovereigns, sud also the following address:-"To the Rev. John Adamaon : On behalf of your many friends and admirers at Mount Morgan and elsewhere, it was thought desirable to aeaemble on thia occasion for the purpose of giving expression to their appreciation of your laboura on the Mount Morgan Branch of the Primitive Methodist Denomination for the past lour years, and to présent you with the accom- panying puree of aovereigna, praying that on your leaving this locality for another sphere of labour, the blessing of the Lord may accompany you, your wife, and ohildren, aud that your future labours may more abundantly be blessed in winning souls to Christ, and building up His Church. Signed on behalf cf the con- tributors : -' William Crew, seor., Circuit Steward ; Samuel Lee, Frank Toon, and Thomas Ewan, Society Stewards ; Fred. M'Carthy, Chas. 8. Beer, and Trevor Smith, Finanoe Stewards- John Welch, Local Preacher." Mr. ADAMSON feelingly replied to thia ad dress, and acknowledged the gift in moBt suitable tarma. The address he should ever keep as a memento of his kind friends ,at Mount Morgan, he ebould shortly have to leave. He then reviewed from the tims hé -first came to Mount Morgan to the present. It was four years, sinos ne carno to Mount Morgan, which waa then part of thc Rock- hampton circuit, being at that time pn'tapt. Then there were only about 150'persona' living on tlje field. The only machinery working waa No. land No. 2Batterie«, abd the.wheeler pans. The place on which the Church now stands waa covered with large trses. At that time services were held , in Mr. J. .Scott's house. Three yeara, ago Stanwell, Mount Morgan, Weetwood, and some other places were made into a branch circuit, with Mr. Anderson aa minister. About fifteen months ago the branch waa again divided, Mount Morgan and three other places being placed nuder Mr. Anderson's care, and he took up hit residence at Mount Morgan. During the last three ¡years a church and parsonage have been buxlt, and altogether about £1000 have been raised for ohurch purposes ; between £700 and £800 of this amount bas been raised by local efforts. Between £500 and £600 have been raised for the circuit fund during thia period. At the District Assembly recently held in Gympie, an application waa sent for Mount Morgan to be made an independent circuit, aa, since it was made a separate branch from the Rock- hampton circuit thtee years ago, it has been eelf-eupporting. During the tour years Mr. Adamaon bas been in the Rockhampton district he has ridden horseback, on an average 300 miles a month, or about 15,600 miles during the four years, and haa also bad much walking, and travelling on the railway. He has visited about fifteen families weekly, or about 3200 in the four years, reading and praying with them generally ; conducted about three services every Sunday, or 624 in all, also two services weekly in various places in the bush, making 604 in all. Mr. Adam- son, in the course of hie addreaa, referred to the difficulties of the work, and related aome laughable incidents which had taken place at some of tbe places he has visited, and in these he waa seconded by Mr. Hartley. He also spoke of what ne considered was needed in a church for it to succeed in its ' mission. First, confidence between miniater and members ; second, confidence io each other among members ; third, sympathy With the minister in his work ; fourth, purity and honesty In church, domestic and business life. He gave his iden pf the sort of .man a miniater ought to be. First, thoroughly in tetUgaot,; sewmd, fearless in doing bb duty ; third, an earnest and hard worker j fourth, impartial in dealing with his member«; fifth, partimlarly should he be a good man and " fall of the Holy Ghost." Daring the speech be quoted vary aptly some selections of poetry from Tennyson and Longfellow, and finished by again expressing his gratitude for their kindness to him. Other apeeohes followed, after whioh the meeting was brought to a olosa. The Kev. Mr. Wright, of Herberton, succeeds Mr. Adamson, and will take np his residence early in April, when a welcome and public tea will be held. 