The iidnight Pr0ph6cy Or, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. iBy Eistlse G'trriston Jounes. CHAPTER XIX. TIHE CO1C)7ESS RETtR.S. The sun had drooped out of sight and the dusky mantle of twilight hung over the Alpine summils, before the Countess ,f Strethspey returned to the spotwhcre Colonel Verney awaited her. The ofticer was smoking fiercely and crowing desperately impatient, yet his sphinx-like face was cool and smiling and his manner thve crrperfectionof theoroigh bred politeness. He gave the lady one keen glance as she approached him, and made up his mind that she had not seen her husband, and knew nothing of his having followed her ; and he concluded not to enlighten her.but to get her on the homeward route and leare her to settle it with the earl as best ehe could. iHe ahihed, and his eyes softened as he l.-·kel down oh her fragile, child-like lceautr. How he had loved her once ! And now she had not the p twer to stir his heart, save with a brother's tender lie was thoroughly in lure with his trillihant riance, Mliss Julia Beresford, independent of her ten thousand a year. L.rd Strathspey was a fool. if he had .clr b--en wise enough to know it. .air Sttathspey's face was flushed .:'d eager, and she clutched a little package in both hands, as if it were an :urahlable treasure. '" ell, Lady Strathspey," said the -ln:-el, as he handed her into the r,hicle, " I trust you have met with suc "The child is mine, Colonel Verney," she replied solemly, "hlie has the trathopey birthmark on his right arm he is my child, my babe, that was stolen mm toe. • I have no donubt of it, madam, but l'm afraid youll find it dilliculL so prove it," replied the colonel; " the olther boy, you say, has the birth-mark, too?" " Yea. he has ! Poor little boy, I am rev- fuond of him, and he shall always be as my otn," she said, with emotion; 'but niy own boy, in the valley yonder, ord Strathspey's true son, shall be the tir." "But, my dear Ihdy," continued the olonel. as they sped along through the lei-?ning twilight, "how do iu pur. a?so bringing this about ? Have you afticicut proofs to convince your hus !and, and establish the child's claims ?" "I have the child's clothes." she said, -lsping the little package to her bosom, ' the same he had on when they found 'hmunder the milch-goat. Only a plain dip and a quilted flannel cloak, but I thought I would take them." "I hope you'll succeed, but really it IRkte very doubtful," responded the practical colonel "I know it does; but heaven will help me, Colonel Verney. He sent me to my child, and 1 shall look to Providence for help and direction. I never will abandon imy purpose, never while I have life and reason. My boy shall be his father's heir, if it costs me my life and happi Her pale face glowed in the twilight, with the light of inspiration and death less <eterminition. Colonel Verney regarded her with ad -?-meg wondor. "1 .e your pardon,Lady Strathspey," "e sa?d at last; "but I am older than on and wiser in experience; allow me Sadviue yob to tell your husband every thing as soon as you meet him ; concean tit between man and wife is like play ieg with edged tools." " es,' shg respondel i; "but I want to spare my dear husband all the anxiety and suspense 1 can. As soon as I can see my way clear-" " Elt you may cause him far deeper anxiety, in regard to yourself, in the meantime," interrupted the oflicer; he may misconstrue your motives and actions." _ She turned upon him, her blue eyes blazing in the gloom. "M'~isconstrue my actions? What do you mean, Colonel Verney ? My husband does not mistrust me, would not, under any circumstances. How dare you in. sinuate such an impossibility ?" "Ibeg your pardon, you will see one day that I am right, and have your wel fare at heart. And now, are we to find lodgings for the. ight, or to start on our iourngyat once ?" "Oh, start at once by all maans," cried the countess; we have not a 'mo ment tolose. I must get home before my husband returns from London." "Poor thing," sighed the colonel; "it will be a cruel blow !" They proceeded at once into France, and, having seen her ladyship safely on board the Dover steamer, Colonel Vernay went on to Paris to see his sick friend, wishing in his inmost heart that his friend had been at the antipodes before It. sent the message that caused him to start on such an ill-starred journey. The countess reached Sevenoaks before the arrival of her husband, and found her household all in good order, and her guests msnaking themselves comfortable. She felt intensely thankful and oc cupied the following day in making a con cise statement concerning the childshe believed td be her own, to be put in the hands of Sir Henry Galbraith, her solici tor. She was very determined and very anxious to have the matter investigated at the earliest moment. Pondering over Colonel Verney's ad vice, she concluded at last to tell her thus band everything, au if possible to enlist his sympathies and co- operation. But her husband did not return : A week went by! Another followed, and still be was absent. The shooting season was famous, but the earl's friends began to think that their host was treating them rather shabbily, and one by one took their flight. The countess grew anxious and tele graphed to London, and, to her utter con sternatinn she learned that the earl had not been seen. She telegraphed a second time, to lis club address, and to his sister, Lady Nevill, with no better success. It was evident that the earl had not been in London. The poor wife's anxiety knoew no bounds. She forgot her child and every thing else in her fear for the husband she loved so well, and was just on the point. of starting for London herself to learn what had bec:me of him, when he, all at once, made his aplperance. Judith met him ill the hall, on his first arrival, and stood still in wonderful hor ror. No grave- yard ghost ever looked more ghastly. Recovering her wits in an instant, and diviuing that something terrible had be fallen him, she tied like the wind to her lady's chamber. The countess was read lag, or making a pretence to do so, but she looked up as Judith entered. " Well, what is it ?" she questioned, seaing in the girl's face that she brought some intelligence. " My lady, Lord Strathspey has colne. The countess sprang to lier feet. " Oh, thank Heaven !" she cried, "where is he ? Where is my darling husband ?' Sihe was about to rush out in search of him in her joy, but Judith caught at her arm. "One moment, my lady," she im plored, "I think my lord is ill-or--or -something has happened-do nout go just yet." Butl the anxious wife shook her off. "is he ill? Stand out of my way, Judith, let me go to him." She freed herself from the girl's de taining hands, and turned towards the door'again, and there, face to' face; she met her husba4d. CHAPTER XX. PArTED. For the space of a moment they stood silent, looking into each other's eyes ; the earl's hair disheveled, his garments soiled, and his face so white and emaciated, that his eyes looked out from their sunken sockets like balls of fire. "Oh, Angus, my darling," gasped the poor wife at last, putting out her tremb ling arms to embrace him, " what is this ? what has changed you so? " The souid of her voice seerned to rouse him into an insane fury. He hurled her back, when she would have clapsed his neck with a force that sent her reeling to the other side of the room. "Don't come near mne again, don't touch nme," lie burst out, pAnting for breath in his anger and weakuess, " or I shall forget that you are a womani, and the mother of mty children. What has changed me? Do you knokT, can you know, can you guess, false, fair-faced de ceiver ? What could make a man what 1 aii to-day, but the shameful deceit and trcachery of his wife ?" The ppor countess shlivered with terror, believing that himr husband was utterly insane. She retreated into a corner of the room, antd put forth her Ihand to grasp the bell-rope. But hlie darted up ou her like a wild beast, and seizing her by the shoulders forced her down into a seat. " Don't shiver and tremble, poor, guilty coward," he cried, standinag ver her with his white, awful face, "'ll nriot harm you-I couldn't do that-I couldn't Ihanrm a hair of your head, altlough you have dragged me and lay proud tamue down into the dust, and made me an alien and an outcast for all time to come." "Angus !" "' Silence! I won't hear one word from your false lips! Listen to what I have to say, for after this hsour I never mean to look upon your face again-you have broken my heart-the heart that loved you," he continued, with a sudden out burt of tenderness. "Oh, Marguerite, how could you, how could you play me false ?" He sunk into a seat, and burying hiis face in his hands, shook and sighled like a child in his weakness. Hlis wife arose, anid creeping to his side, stole her arms about his neck; but their soft touch seemed to madden him. "?No, no!' no cried, hurlinggher; off again; " I'm not to be cajoled nor de ceived any longer. That time's past. You deceived me in the very hour I made you my wife. You belonged to hit then I You were the mother of his child I And now, the moment he comes back from India, you fly to his arms. False, aban doned, shameless woman ! " Somne little comprehension of the true causoof her husband's apparent insanity, began to dawn upon the bewildered mind of the countess. She arose, her lithe, slender figure seeming at least a foot taller, a fiery spot kindling on each waxen cheek, and her blue eyes beginning to blaze and glitter. "Lord Strathspey," she said, her voice icily calm, " you are my husband, but you shall not Hnsult me ! " The earl broke into a mocking laugh. "Insult you!" he cried, bitterly. "Yoe, who taking advantage of your' husband's absence, go strolling out of England with your old lover. You didn't think I fol lowed you, n adam? I did though. I saw you sitting under the old oak crying over your illegitimate son. I know note why you have always treated my son with such unwomanly indifference. I was within a stone's throw of you all the time, anid saw your gallant, colonel awaiting you in the coppice. False, false woman 1 1 believe now that you were cognizant of the disappearance of my babe oan the nightof.his birth. You wanted no other son besideyourpet Tyrol." Lady Strathspey stood like marble, never answering a word. ' I can understand now," continued the earl, the whole thing seeming to grow clearerand indisputable, " why you were so anxious to travel, and why you sent so many packages to your brother in India. Brother, indeed! What a blind fool I have been! But my eyes are open now. For two weeks and over I have been lying at death's door in the Tyrol. I should have died, I think, but for my children. Icould no: leave them to.their slhamelessimother," he went 6n. "I am here now to make my final arrangement. I shall give them, my boy and girl, 1 nean, to Lady Neville, my sister, with the understanding that you are never to set eyes on them again. Day after to mroroen I shall meetyotir gallant colonel, and put a bullet through his heart; and then I shall leave England forever. I shall leave you an annuity sufficient to keep you from wast," he added, turning back in the doorway ; "and front this hour 1 hope never to hear your name, or look upon your face again, neither in this world, nor in the world to come! " Ie strode out, with one backward glance, and that glance beh Id her, still standing erect and statue-like, her face all aglow with outraged innocence, her clear, sinless eyes full of fiery indignation, yet melting with tenderness for the hus band who had so foully wronged her. And in the after years of his wander- I ings-and bitter, remorseful years they were-the relembrance of her face as lie last saw ithaunted the earl like an aveng ing Nemesis. CIHAPTER XXI. LAST ]IOURIS. There are some calamities that strike us dumb and powerless, like the light ning-shaft. When Lady Strathspey lheaid her husband'sfootsteps ringing down the oaken stairway, she sank down upon the carpet, and resting her forehead on her folded arms, sat in a stupid, senseless torper, half unconscious of the great calamity that had befallen her. In that condition Judith found her, when, after waiting for hours to be saum. moned, and unable to repress her anxiety, she entered her lady's room unbidden, and all efforts on the girl's part, to ruise her proved ineffectual. In her fright, Judith summoned Mrs. Colonel Chudleigh, and she, in her turn, sumnnnmoned the far?ly physician. But he shook his head, almost as soon as his eyes rested on the white, frozen face. The disease was beyond his skill, he could do no more than administer a simple stimulant. But toward night, of her own will, the countess roused up. Very white, and still, and silent, she remained, but she was clear-leaded and conscious, and bo gean at once to make her areangomenti for leaving Sevenoaks. Hear husband had cast her off, and she doteriiged to repair at once to her own castle, knownas Aukland Oaks; she was too proud in her injured innocence to make onp effort toward clearing herself in his eyes, or regaining his confidence and affection. " We shall set out early in the morning, Judith," she said, quietly, " and I want you to make all necessary arrangements; that is," she added, with a wan smile, "if you intend to stand by me now, in my hour of trial!" The girl burst into tears. " My dear, dear lady," she sobbed, "how can you doubt ie ?" " I do not doubt you, Judith," returned the countess, "I trust you; you are my one true friend and helper in all the world." The following orning found every thing in readiness. The counte-s break fasted in her own aparthtments. 1Her trunks stood out in the halller private carriage was ordered. She manle her explah~iops to Mrs. Colonel Chudleigh, and charged iher with thie task of excusing her to thel feow guests still renmaining. Only one task remained to her before she went out from herir lsband's home forever. She must bid adieu to lher childred. Oh, bitter, bitter task I The poor mother put it off till the very las monient. Hler hlusband had decreed that they should be given to Lady Neville's charge, and they were to go down to Loun don that very afternoon, in the care of Lord Stralltpey's notary. He was lord and master of all, and nothing remained for but to submit and obey. She crossed the hall with tottering steps, and tapped at the nursery door. The Dundas rwoman opened it. Lady Pearl and her brother had just tinished their breakfast. "0 , mamma." cried Pearl, "you are going down to london, too . I'it so gladl Lola said you wasn't but you will go !" The countess drew the child to hlier bosom and signied to the nurse to leave the roomt. She oboeyed, with a sltrango glitter ill her duskyeyes. " atammu a caitiot go ti Loidon now," the poor mother began, clhoking down tlhe aching miscry at her heart; " bit Lady P'earl shall go: and stay awhile with Aunt Neville." " I don't want to go without you, mamma." " But you must, my darling. Miamma is obliged to go oni a journey now; brothelr Angus will go with you, and papa wil come soon; and you'll see the great city, and have so'many pretty things, and play with Cousin Victoria, and Aunt Neville will be very kind to you." The child grew somewhat pacified, and the young hlir stood passive, his light, opaque eyes expressive of neither one thing or the other. The countess arose, feeling that in a few moments her strength and fortitude would give way. She turned to the boy first, and took both of his sallow cheeks in her hands. " Good-bye, Angus," she said kissing him repeatedly, "in the years to come you shall suffer no wrong at my hands. Heaven bless you." The toy received the embrace as he did everything else, with passive indiffer ence. But little Marguerite sobbed and clung to her mother in passionate grief. "My darling, may Heaven keep you from harm," murmured the eountess. Then, with one last convulsive embrace, she tore herself away. She had parted from her children, perhaps forever. Yet her step was firm, and her bearing like that of an outraged queen, as she traversed the long corridor, passing the apartrlents in which her husband and his lawyer sat, the doors double-looked. Judith awaited her in the hall, and the carriage was at the door. She entered it, and without one backward glance, passed out from tile grand, old manor, andunder the branches of the giant oaks, on her way to the home of her childhood-a dis graced and discarded wife ! As she rolled along in the yellow, autumn snnlight, a sudden remembrance of that awful morning. when the strange apparition appeared before her, as she sat under tle great rock at Stmthspey Towers, flashed across her mind,. " You shall be robbed of your titles and grandeur, an outcast, scorned by your husband, and derided by the world !" " Ah, Heaven," she murmured, "l how fearfully the terrible prediction has been fulfilled ! What merciless fate is pursuing me ? What in all my life have I ever done, that all this woe and desolatson should come upon me?" In the meantime, the Earl of Strathspey was making his final preparations! Everything had been arranged between him and Colonel Gilbert Verney, who was then at his sister's residence, only a short distance from Sevenoaks. The seconds had settled all thie prelimi nares, and the deadly meeting was to take place on the following morning at sun rise, at a spot known as Willow Ridge, a secluded place some seven or eight miles distant. Lord Strathspey knew 'well enough that the chances againathim were two to one. ills adversary was a cool, strong-nerved man, an old soldier, and a dead shot. There was little hope that Ihe would escape with his life I And in view of this state of things, he was engaged tlrorghout the day in closing up his earthly accounts, and making ready for death anm eternity. And cahlmly enough he did it, for, in that hour, Angusr E trl of Strathscpey, with all iris wealth and honors, was not much in love with life. l i made his will, providing handsomely for his daughter, and leaving creythiing :else to his son and heir, save an annuity to his late countess. and live thousand pounds to be deposited in the bank to the ordler of Judith Ford. Ilis two children, Ihe left in charge of his sister, appointing her husi band, Sir Marshall Neville, as guardian and executor. This done, in his silent, and desolate horne, Ihe sat down arnd waited for the slow hours of the autumn night to wear away, and the morrow dawn, which, in all probability, would mnake hint a murderer, inl the sanme momlent that it sent Iris guilty soul into the presence of his Maker. (TO BSC coaraUIi) 