ENTHRONEMENT j I OF THE BISHOP MOMOMEEY. : Yesterday the enthronement' of the Right Reverend Henry Hutchinson Montgomery,: V, U.V.', Bishop of Tasmania, took place at St. David's Cathedral,,,' The",attohdancelltwos' very large, every available seat'in,ttio'pulld ing being occupied some time, prior to the commencement of the service, but unpleasant overcrowding, had been, prevented by the, judicious issue of a limited number, of admission tickets. The congregation included, His! Excellency the Governor and' Lady Hamilton, a large number.jof,,the members of both Houses of Parliament, His Honor the Chief Justice, and a number of prominent citizens. The outside, of the building had been draped with bunting, but no attempt at decoration had been made reside beyond the Eucharist flowers ori,tbeSacrarnontal, table, watchword of unUsual' beauty. The choir, under the conductorship of Mr. Haywood, who also presided at the organ, had been specially strengthened, and numbered! about 80 voices. The choral por- tion of the ser vicoboinggiven w;ithaprecisióiíand spirit very'. pleasing, and evidencing what great care had been bestowed on their preparation., Albert, however, that all this,waahhighly satisfactory, the fact that the Cross was carried, in 1 front of the procession created a.. very ! widespread, and largely given, expression "to,, feeling of dissatisfaction, inasmuch as many of the, congregation had attended consequent;, on the announcement made that this gyrations not be done;' "The difflotilt^.^ivhlc^.^ir.'rc'atii fined 5 ''in '""the 'first,'' instance,,! is in, "dress, tion! ' to-1!tho,",secession.,;.bf,; \i'.,¡'portion of the choir'; was happily obviated by their a'dhérlugtbltlieir resolution not to subserve their principles in that they took.no/part,'in the procession. ', At a' lOlSO and.' "the' prices, sion; which had been formed in the rather; 'drab precincts,' aged 6 me the v Bishop 2, and Chapter, at the Deanery, entered the building to the following order". Verg'er,Synóds-' ment, Cathedral''Board,|''Church 'Advocate. lVerger,.Ohóristers¡' Law Clerks,"' Glórgyj'líre centre, Canon's Arch'doicbnóf Hobart Dean,'' ' Administrator, ; Bishop, ' Chaplainsj,'!'Chan-'' Sailor and Registrar.';!" '""'!' : "''a".',.'"";',', '. Hymn 39 was' sung' as' the' procession passed up the river . '' ',-'" '"7-"-' A '?';;'-'1' ' "? '. -The' Bynodshieh' 'Were ' seated'''ó'n the north side of the nive.'tho'clergy,on the south' the, canons occupied their stalls', and the Bishop the Deanls'stall.'''. ".' ~".y.:1 ""'? " < "" ; SborteneayMorning Prayer Having been 'sold follöwed'."by'''tho'psalms'- selected; 96;' 121,1 122, and the' Lesson-St.;':Jóh'ri''Jxx¡;,: 'theIBis'bop'^advahcdd' to',.tlibl''àItai''fWiilB, ' vyhero'hö.was received by the Administrator 'án'djp'resehted ' touching the official documents of the foohseor'atiou, which were handed to the Chancellor (Mr; JuBtÍcé|Adáms)í anarchy has read aloud;':'.'"' ', ""-a",,'?".'''? 4'"""? '' '' .T!'Thé;Blshóp then made tho.'îbllowlqg'de-' ' 'character of,' Henry Hutchinson, Bishop of Tasmania, do hereby ;'proínis'é'.'to. respect,' maintain; and defend the rights privileges, and liberties of this Church, and' Diocese, : ahd|to'rule therein! With truth, justice, and charity not lordship' it,over','God,s heritage,-, but! endeavouring ''to'.' show' myself in all' things an example to the flock:.'. And this I will do',' the' Lord being' my 'helper;,, Auioni ' y The Administrator then took the Bishop by the hand, and addressing ? Kim'; said : In behalf of the Synod of' Tasmania,' I, Francis. 'Hales;-. Bachelor of 'Arts,'" Archdeacon of Launoéstpn,''',á'nd';'Admihisiráto'rl of this .Diocete,:'do'hereby' induct thee, Henry Hutchinson Montgomery, Doctor of Divinity,, into the,ooctipatibn of the Diocese of Task j mania, and into the possession,' authority, and! jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop, of this Diocese In according with the acts; 'and¡resolutions'pf.'thB'Syiiod.'and I pray'' that thè.Lord'mày be'wlÉÍi'yóú',. .' ;"'., '?'.''.'?' '' -' The' Dean then advanced, and'' taking the Bishop by the band, led him to the Bishop's" thrdnoandsaid i'",By"virtue of my office',' asDoanof thla'CathedraiyChureh, and in behalf of the Tatiara Chapter, I, Charles : Léslio:DunaasrMá«ter of Arts do hereby induct, instal, and enthrone thee, Henry Sùtehinion,Mbhtgomery,Dbotorbf Divinity, ; to! the possession of the Church, with all its right«;'.honour,'and'áppurtér^oei.'.yIn,' Holy Ghost! Amen." Presenting the pastoral staff he said The Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth for evermore. Amen." '? ?' The following collect was then said by the 'Administrator O thou 'Good Shepherd of the sheep, Who hast gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parts of the world, assist With Thy heavenly grace all bishops and pastors that they may lead Thy people into good pastures and bring them safely to Thine eternal fold. 4 And for this Thy servant who has been invested with the office of a bishop, we pray that it may please Thee to grant him such strength of faith > and fervour of love and purity of life that he may use his office well So we that are Thy people and the sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever : who' with the Father and the Holy Ghost livest and reignest one God, world without end. Amen. " " The Te Deum was then sung, being followed by the reciting of the Apostles Creed and morning service continued to the end of the third collect. '" ' >' The anthem (Isaiah xiv" 23 Sing O heavens" was sung, f <" " irl ' i t The office of the Holy Communion' was commenced by the Bishop, Canon Archer, and! the Archdeacon of Hobart reading the Epistle and Gospel respectively Following the Nicene Creed the Bishop was conducted to the pulpit, and delivered the following sermon :- si a 111 i I" Thy kingdom come," Matt, vi,, 16. ' A few months ago I asked a Bishop of the Church of England, renowned for the wise administration of his Own Diocese, to give measure all important piece of advice as an aid to one called to like duties. " Yes," he said " I can easily tell you what you seek to know ' All depends upon the personal life and character of the Bishop ; upon that foundation rests all that you will be able to do." I have laid this up in my heart; nor in the course of further conversation after what he had already told me did it seem otherwise than appropriate when he spoke from his own experience of the position of a Bishop as one who holds a great but a humbling' office." To you,' my reverend brethren, this lesson, as referring in some measure to your own pastorates, will have already been familiar. I doubt not you have learnt that most weighty and almost terrible truth, that the spiritual level of a parish hardly if ever rises above that of its pastor. What is true of the youngest ordained minister is in still greater' degree true of a 'Bishop. ' Upon I ' our combined lives ; upon the character we have formed by the" Divine Grace working within, depends the spiritual level of this Diocese. Shall I tell you how it has become possible to face so great a responsibility t It wished because the choice of your 'delegates' fell upon me, though that came as a great and undeserved honour, but it was because of the consecration to this work in the Abbey of Westminster. Zhat was an occasion so solemn, that to me who had never, been present at such a service before, ''came away saying that they had never realised so well before the presence of the Holy Spirit in the ordering of the pas- tors of the Church. Dismissed from that consecration! with abundant blessing set apart there for " great but humbling office' by the laying of hands with prayer, it has been possible to stand before you to-day a sinner indeed, and full of in- firmity, y ere ready to-day to do what God has willed' in" His name; and in His strength This work, my brethren, which has to be done! is not different except in degree-' whether I speak of myself or of yourselves. I have chosen for my text words which are lisped, by your children among their very earliest prayers. You and your children, your clergy and I myself, we are together working for one and the self same object. The Kingdom of Christ will come just as completely and as quickly as we work to make it come. It is not a material city which shall descend from the clouds one day and rest upon this earth. 'It a condition, a state it is a spirit within us which can invite his heaven on earth when it once works in human hearts. I am not here to give you something now, but to help you, to guide you in that which as Christians you have always been engaged in doing; You, by the life ''you 'lead by the faith you hold by the influence of you' exert, and I, have tried' to discriminate to day for your benefit between the special duty ordered in the ordination of ' a Priest, and that in the consecration of a Bishop. Three points stand out as the special duty of a Bishop. Let me speak to you of those First, to preserve the purity of the faith. Every time you are aware has its own special difficulties, some it is one truth which is obscured, some times > another. It has seemed to me that God's ministers have in those days to clear away a great misunderstanding, thousands worship and call themselves Christians; but there is no warmth in their faith. I do not think they would lay down their lives for it. They hold their creed as something incumbent upon them, not as the most precious possession of their lives, which makes trouble sit light and gives power to overcome sin. The question of questions for many-for'somo, ii , doubt not, among you to-day-is nothing less than this: What, think you of God? Would you find yourself, in fear, He appeared to your Or is He your Father? Do you realise that it was the exceeding love of your Father which has given us the incarnation and brought us redemption? Were this the conviction of the mass of those who call themselves Christians would not the result be different on every side ? Oh, my brethren !, God's, ministers have to learn for themselves first how good the | Gospel tidings are. They none of them know it half so well as they should, and it must be your duty to pray that they who teach you from your Bishop to, the latest ordained deacon, may first themselves learn,, what God is, and then roll out the glad, message, so that our churches, our people, and our children may be soon up and show forth before all, what Christians really believe, and how nobly and purely and lovingly it forces them to act But I forbear to speak further of the fundamental truths. You will, credit, me with holding fully and warmly what I have thrice confessed in the most public manner possible, that I hold as deacon, as priest, and now once more as Bishop. The second distinct duty laid upon me is to study. I, have, to learn how to combine this with a constant activity, so that I may know every parish, and I may almost hope every church member, , An, English Bishop said he envied me the ' possibility, my reverend brethren, of knowing you are intimately, because your numbers are not too large. ' And ' yet this knowledge of a Diocese is only half the work needed. ' I take the command to stay in its widest sense; ' 'believe it to 'moan first that the Bible is my' chief ''aim, that though 'it is not necessary for most 'of you to gather , much from the 1Bil<le-'"heyond'-,'its practical, and devote tional teaching;; for A" Incumbent " upon' 'the thief pastor. and it its degree upon all pastors to be acquainted so far as they can with the most recent ' theories,' and the most cortkin'disóoverles of scholars. This is true' most of all of the O.T. at this time and it is surely' our duty to bo'ready'to discuss any difficulty-or to, solve any' doubts so far as we can't'. Bl) d'you dssiroi'ln'fortnation upon the ,¿r¿'.oxing problems connected with the Bible.' ' But 'P further take study' to' mean, that four teachers and 'guides in the Church are to think'iihe'ad; If I may use the expres- sions to point rontrfearelesslyrwhat side Christ's spirit would have us take in the great movements ' of our Jdjiy. '> 'Alas I too often the Church has attempted to check knowledge from fear of that which soon afterwards was found to be nothing but the truth after all. Too often she has opposed what she ''should ;bave"been'rthe first to advocate and it is the non-believer' at times Who has done the good work, with what little help from the Church! If such' an error is to be committed again by us, it id' j your < leaders who must bear the blame If ' they have not, likened 'the true course, and pressed it upon you. But, thirdly and Chiefly, it is laid upon a Bishop to govern. ? Most wisely ' has it been said that if you should see a man's real self, watch him when he is in a place of power. If he is puffed up, if he considers that he is above arduous labour, If he lords it over his j brethren, then you may certainly rate him as of little worth. But the true man becomes the humbler the higher he is placed over his fellows. I know this to be truth, 'I know also that often the hardest thing in the world in governing in directing others, is to see the point of view of another with sympathy and fulness, For instance, just to take an example, there are tides of feeling which are often more than anything else differences of race, and one side fails to understand the other. There are in our Church at least two great racial currents the | Latin" and , tHd Teutonic. The Latin naturally tends to authority. He reverences, 1 at once a leader in everything,: and looks liorèomeooebe oantnwtto be was! ([olde,' The' Teuton naturally a self-reliant. He he loves that he can always judgoforblmself.and has reversion totaled by anyoaeinanything. Who cannot recognise these two tendencies ?' in our Church? There is the Latin's < A dread of breaking continuity with the past,' and his glad willingness to make much of,'.' his pastor and to be in subjection as the safest state for his spiritual welfare. There is also the Teutons love of independence,,' ,'.' his natural distrust of authority, his love for - starting afresh without reference to the past, because he believes in his own strength of a character as given him by God. And how'? shall one who governs decide between these two race instincts? Which is best To Shall I answer you ? Neither is the best " without the other. I have seen the Latin ' instinct degraded until there is no liberty of conscience left, and I have also seen the Teutonic independence result in an almost ' brutal casting away of all ties with the past, 7 and self-will created into a fetish as if there were no such thing as depend- ' ence and humility. No, the glory of our Church consists, in the due union of freedom of thought and conscience, in with a proper ' reverence for the past and he will govern best who will, by God's .>% 1 help, strike the just balance. If we in this s i Diocese will always try to believe that there is something good in our brother's point of view which we have not, yet seen, if in place of storming at an opponent without understanding his position, we were to spend an evening talking the question fairly over, then such sympathy would, arise > between opposing schools of thought that, we should become a Diocese looked at with envy by those outside our border, and such by God's grace, we will become in greater and greater measure. ; in this way best of all shall Christ's kingdom come, and that promise come true which invokes a blessing upon all who are peacemakers. Surely also, my brethren, whilst we hold firm to our Church's order, whilst we refuse such (in my opinion) mistaken attempts at union with other Christian bodies as will advocate ; interchange of pulpits, yet we should be warm friends, in social intercourse, with members of other communions, and especially should the clergy know the ministers of other communions and love to be their friends Such amity brings one i step nearer the Kingdom of Christ, because it makes us love one another, though we cannot agree upon very serious questions. And again, as I have desired to speak of our friendship socially with all Christians, so I wish to say one word upon a wider extension of the Kingdom still. My brethren, I have from earliest days been much in the society of missionaries; I have learnt to esteem them highly for their works sake. It is nothing to me that some may not be very successful, some narrow minded, some ignorant It is just in these words that we may describe some clergymen and some lay- man also in every altogether Christian country But with such poor instruments God has worked wonders in our own day, and for years there has burned in me a grow- ing desire to aid the mission cause with all my heart My eye has often glanced Of late to Melanesia upon the map, for I know that you help that good cause here. I have also gazed wistfully at New Guinea as having a primary claim upon the Church in Australasia, and surely you and I consider the good news of'Gddto be so perfect as to be desired for all that we cannot rest till each remotest nation for all are God's children shall hear Messiah's name I have said enough to day of some of the primary duties of a pastor, and you have' come here to day, my dear friends, not to gaze upon an un- wonted spectacle, but to pray that he who has obeyed your Call to day, and has come to do his duty, may be so filled with the Holy Spirit that he may not. fail to be your guide, and yet if Christ's Kingdom is indeed to come as it should, your prayers should embrace a wider issue Pray that every member of the Church in his appointed place may so live and so work that not only our worship, not only our material prosperity may grow and swell, but that Christ's spirit may enter into our homes, may sanctify our amusements, and so fluctuate into every department of life that the say ing of the old men may come true when he exclaimed " If only the whole Catholic Church were but for one 'hour want and ought to be, the entire world could not fall to be converted before nightfall." Such is the possibility before us if only each will trust in God and do his duty. Such, we pray, may not only be possible, but be called into effect by the omnipotent power of God's grace in the hearts of us all. The office of the Holy Communion was then proceeded with, the choir singing during same the Sanctus, Gloria in Excelsis, and Nuno Dimittis. At its conclusion the procession returned in reverse order, Recessional Hymn 306 being sung. A photograph of the procession was taken in the Cathedral grounds, after which a Chapter was held, at which the Bishop was, shown his seat in the Chapter. ' j TEA MEETING AND WELCOME. Last evening a tea and public meeting was held in the, Town Hall to welcome Bishop Montgomery, when there was an attendance, of fully 600' persons. The catering was placed in the hands of Mr. Haywood, who discharged the trust in his accustomed satisfactory manner, The tables were most tastefully decorated with baskets of flowers and pot plants, arranged by lady friends. So large a profusion of choice flowers have not been seen at any gathering held for very long time past, indeed it bore the impress of a floral welcome, and in so' doing formed one of the most touching tributes of sympathy that could possibly have been offered. The ladies presiding at the various table were for St. I David's Parish Mesdames Dundas, H. J Edwards, R. J. Lucas, Jas. Barnard, Jno Hamilton, Bernard Shaw, D. R. ' Dossetor, A. J. Lucas. St, George's-' ,, Messrs. T B. Clarke, J. R. Scott, Banks Smith, C. H. Elliston, J. H. Wise, Mrs. , " Downing. Holy Trinity Mesdames Stops, '" Rigby, O.A.J. Please, Howe, J. W. Gill, Miss. J Whitbourne. All Saint's Mesdames Max- " , well, Thou. Giblin, C. J. Maxwell,' Belstead, Dickson, W. 'Tarleton, R, 'P." ' Adams, St. John Baptist Mesdames He's. , . Finnis, Hudspeth, F. Belstead, E. C. Nowell, Albert Reid, Rule St. John's,. ' New Town- Mesdames Mason, Jordan, Taylor, Seager, Waller, and Collier. The" '. tables having been cleared, the public meeting was held. His Excellency the Governor, who arrived at 8 o'clock, accompanied by Lady Hamilton and suite, occupied the chair. Among those on the platform there were' also; in addition to the guests of the even- ' , ' rug, Bishop and Mrs, Montgomery, Sir . Lambert Dobson (Chief Justice), Mr. Justice ,' Adams (Chancellor of the Diocese), Arch- deacons Hales and Mason, Dean Dundas, Canons Archer and Adams, and Mr W. , Tarleton (Ctuirmanof Committee of Synod)-' ' , i The hall was filled,' standing room being an- " obtainable, even in the ante-room attached, '-."", His Excellency in opening the proceeding inga, said Ladies and gentlemen, many of '. you were, no doubt, present at the Cathedral, " this morning at the very impressive and, " interesting ceremony of the formal installa- it's thousand enthronement of Bishop 'Month' '"' memory, and we now meet here to-night in '' numbers which this great hall will scarcely accommodate, to wish him a hearty welcome / as our now Bishop, (Applause. ), Bishop' Montgomery 'copies of a good stock. "His father, Sir Robert Montgomery, Was a most)'' " "distinguished servant of the State, who, it is with Sir John Lawrence - after Lord ' ', Lawrence - had much to do with ', saving'Indiá'tó'tlip.CrówrVat a very critical.',"?'"', and trying time and I do not think, the high.'!! tory has' yet''been''i'wrilte^lwhiohgiyçs'Si)f''./'^,|' Robert Montgomery the place and credit he 10 "I deserves for the work which he did at that '' time. The Bishop himself, both in his record ,." at the public schools and at the University, '" " did his work most thoroughly, and also in ' '''?'.. London, and he has had a close Association-At with such great men as the late Dean'"? "I Stanley, and Canon Farrar; and balconies'"': commended to us as a, 'man who deserves our, heartiest, welcome on' his \''''_ assumption, of the office of our Bishop. , 3; (Loud applause.) I had not' the plea-.' '' sure of Bishop, Montgomery's acquaintance .,. in the' Old Country, but over since his april '"] pointment has been made public I have been constantly receiving; letters'froni'my friends V' and acquaintances at Home, and the burden ' ,':,,; of all these has been you are to be congratu- . ,'.'' lated in having Bishop Mbatgpmbry.for your,.,','' Bishop (Applause.) Ladies and gentlemen,',! ',' " I believe that we are to be congratulated on ',, having for our- Bishop Bishop Montgomery' ,' ., (Renewed applause.) ', Bishop Montgomery',',' ;;|'; will find that 'he only exchanged, the work. '.',: of; a hard life' in London for the work of a. hard life in Tasmania; although shouldn't", even hopa'iriVsomo respects under perhaps. ',';'"': moropleasàntau'dcongouialsurroundings, but 0 ' this, I am sure, that the same energy and''';'.;' devotion upon oháí-aótnriaed his career In ,\\- London will characterise his career here , ?'?'.'-Í:'.,¿ -(applanie)-and I,feolsnreof this, and I li '>f';v:;| Jail sure all who heard him in thelÇatoedral Lex -iv V -In this morning will agree with me when I say that I know he will use his utmost endeavour to secure the maintenance of those amicable relations with members of other religious denominations which was so marked a feature of the administration of his predecessor, Bishop Sandford,' and which is so very important in a community like ours. (Applause.) I am not here, ladies and gentlemen, to descant on the duties of a Bishop, or to, talk of the work which lies before Bishop Montgomery, you will be addressed by other gentlemen represent- ing the various classes of the community, but I feel confident that I speak for you all when I say we tender to Bishop Montgomery a hearty welcome on his arrival in Tasmania, and that we all wish him God Speed in the office of our Bishop-elect applause) and while giving this hearty welcome to Bishop Montgomery would wish to extend it to his gentle lady-love applause) who, like her husband, comes of a good stock, for her fathcr,<Canon Farrar, is not only an orna- ment to the Church, but one of the most distinguished men of the present day and ladies and gentlemen, I feel sure of .' this, her presence here will be a attended by those happy and refining influences which all true and good women in important positions, from her Gracious' Majesty the Queen downwards, have the power so largely to diffuse around them. I will not detain you any longer, I will simply add this one hope, in which I am sure you will all agree with me, that Bishop and Mrs. Montgomery, will have a bright, happy, and pleasant career in this beautiful island, which they have chosen as the sphere of their work of usefulness. (Loud applause); Archdeacon Hales said this great gather- ing called to his mind two well-known sentences, on the title of a novel, "Alter a garden fair," and the other a quotation from an Elizabethan ' poet, " Gather the roses while ye may ; old Time is still a flying." He had never seen such a profusion of flowers before, and it was fit they should show this peculiarity of their country to their visitor. in gathering the roses while they held the opportunity they learned the lesson of sewing what opportunities presented themselves to form the beautiful flower of the, realising the beautiful instead of leaving them to form themselves into pictures of mockery by neglect. ' Bishop Montgomery had come to a beautiful country, but they were different surroundings to any that were met with in the Old Country, i " He would meet and have to overcome great difficulties, but he was confident there would be extended a feeling of sympathy from all colonists, whether they were members of the same particular Churchornot, Those difficulties could only be overcome by earnest honest work. That day's proceedings had given him much pleasure, and he believed from all he had heard from Home, as one of the English Bishops writing him had 3.iid,'thdy would have reason to thank God for that selection. He honestly believed no better selection could have been made, and earnestly thanked God for having been permitted to witness the sermons of that day, - ; Song-Mrs. W. Lovett, fell His Excellency- read a letter from the Mayor apologising for unavoidable absence occasioned by Parliamentary duties. M¿.'-AIdornian Reynolds, on behalf of the abuses of Hobart, tendered to Bishop Montgomery a hearty welcome; and assured him that they would I all be ever ready to do anything if only asked. softly Dvsvah said the coming of the Bishop was a pleasant thing, and it was like the visit of a dear brother coming from the Old Home. This infusion of, new life,.) the deeper thought and larger experience of the great world into their midst was a good thing, and kept them from stagnation. The climate seemed to calm one and full one into unhappy state of quiet, ' but it was well thattfquict should be like peace, ball maintained by being ready to meet war. Two things, a great credit to tlieir(dIocoso, in his opinion, would present themselves to the Babies that there was a very close and cordial Unity prevailing the clergy in the diocese, and that the laity showed a most remarkable read, ness to have a stand-up fight, but after the good fight was over they were ready to shake hands and be as firm friends us over before. This was an end irreverent on things in the Old Gumley. late Bishop had struck the right note that morning when urging the harmonious working of the various parties in the Church. He desired to thank the St. David's Parish Council for their conduct of the Beating arrangements that morning, and he also asked a special vote of thank h to the choir and the organist (Mr. Haywood) for their aid. , (Applause). He believed that the Bishop would be ready to acknowledge whether, in point of beauty or reverence that the service of that morning was a credit to a colonial diocese. Song, " Maid of Athens," Mr. F, Bowden. Sang-" Will of' the Wisp,", Mr. Hev.solu.-i. Mia Excellency, before calling on Bishop Montgomery to address the meeting, asked the meeting to join in an declamatory expression of their welcome. Bishop MoM'tioMKiiv, who waatuostcnthusi ustically received, said his first duty was to tilling the Governor and Lady Hamilton for their kindness to himself and Mrs. Montgomery, in fact the kindness on all hands was so give At that he scarcely know how to express what he really felt towards them.' he would also thank Sir Robert Hamilton, not only for being present at the ceremony in the morning, but also for press il¡ngovcrUii:pio8cntlargogathcr¡ng.(Clieor8.) He was no orator, nor was he one of those who WOuld compare with the wonderful eloquence of his distinguished father-in-law (Archdeacon Farrar), whose utterances always , seemed to him to be characterised by the most extraordinary brilliancy. (Cheers.) For his own part he could only, say what he had to say as straightforward a manner as possible. Naturally he wished to say a few words about relative to himself, as he was probably but little known to most of their except by nature to tell them a little of his past history And speak of a few of the more important passages of his life. He had always held that a clergyman was like a soldier he must go where he was sent, and had his destination been Timbuctoo he should have gone. (Cheers.) However, he thanked , God that in his providence he had been ordered to a place where his wife and children could accompany him, and instead of growing sickly would grow stronger-stronger even than in England. It would have pleased him still more if his father, to whom he owed se nation, could have lived to see the distinction placed upon him, He owed a great debt to his father, who was one of those north countryman who went out to India, unsupported by influence and made their way by their own merits. He remembered his father telling him thatched thcbcstpiccesofadiice he received was from an old gentleman, who said, " Well, you are going to India to make your not tuna remember admirers are ci cry thing' to home people, and ate something to everybody." (Loud cheers ) Nothing had struck him. most, forcibly, and aroused his admiration, than the way his father had managed his Irish estates, getting his tenants around him, and making them feel at home, and the way, ' too, in which he had succeeded, in making the parish priest, the Roman Catholic priest, one of his best friends. The Catholic priest was also one of his (the Bishop's) ; best friends which was as it should be even though he could not agree with everything he did. (Cheers.) Whilst in India, and stationed at Lahore, his father had been called upon to decide what to do in a most critical position. The troops at Lahore here in mutiny, and it was for him to decide upon his own responsibility whether he should disarm them or not. It was a thing that had not been done in the Empire before, but four regiments were disarmed, and by that prompt step he believed he was correct in saying India had been saved to the Empire. (Cheers.) People generally who knew his father spoke of him as one of the kindest and best of men, and from him he had knit lessons, and he could 'not sufficiently thank God for the good father he had, and the council he had given him on many occasions. (Cheers.) He had always found him the wisest of men, not only in secular matters, but those connected with the clerical profession. He felt constrained to say all that he had Bald because anything that he might hope to do for good in Tasmania would be owing to the training received from that parent, He had passed his school days at Harrow, he saw at least one other Harrow boy in that room, perhaps there might be others, and he could not express all he owed to his connection with that great public school. They had probably all read." Tom Brown's School Days," and knew the affection he had for Rugby, and especially for the chapel. In like manner he felt towards Harrow, and some of the sermons he heard there had borne good fruit in his own life, and would continue to do so until the end of his days. (Loud cheers.) He had also had to say, that was to light fires, carry away t breakfast things, and carry out many other duties, and he picked upon that acknow lodging and obeying a superior as one of the 8\. but 'things that could befall a" doubt As to games, he would like to say a word or two to the young men who might be cricketers. Nothing had taught him more self-command than games, and if cricket was played in the right spirit, that was patiently and attentively, when things.were-going .nmst'them, theatre no game in the world its equal in giving a man a good training in after life. (Cheers.) If there was a captain of a Ta*manian_team in the room he would say that if in his' early days he could manage to keep his men in a good temper without losing his own, and so train his eleven that they thought more about winning the game for their side than of their own individual score. He felt sure that such a man would do a great work in the world. (Loud cheers,) He had passed through the University of Cambridge, and the good influences of his early training had proved invaluable to him there. It was a great mistake to send their children out into the world without the power of God in their hearts, for he had seen many young men, who with it had come safely through the trying ordeal' and who had thereby been enabled to look back upon their college days as being such as left no sting upon their conscience. (Cheers.) He spent his early days in the , Strand in London, and as a lay reader had some very curious experience. He had to visit a large lodging-house, conducted no doubt on different principles to any in Tasmania, for it had been said, it' was oneinwhiohnooneof Mr calling could go. He went, however, being perfectly dazed When he found himself in the middle of a large room full of people, and although he was immediately bundled out neck and crop -(laughter)-it was a great help having had to go in. On one occasion he had found an old woman, who was a general dealer, unable to attend to her business, and he had taken her place at the counter, therefore he had had some, experience as a retailer, and if in the future they would not have him as Bishop they would not leave Tasmania, but set up a shop in Liverpool-street. (Loud laughter.) Afterwards came his ordination, and being in London as he was, he had many a strange) experience there. He had lived in lodgings of various sorts, and in one of which he was told that the whole of the drains in the neighbourhood ran into the house, still he had kept his health. He believed after all it was one of the best times in his life as it was one of those glorious times which he thought was known to most clergy, that of a curate, where his cares were few and where there were none of the worries that came in after life. His face took him at last to Westminster where he met his wife, and in due time they were married. The time there was particularly happy as he had the companionship of Dean Stanley and his present father in law, Archdeacon Farrar. (Cheers). There was one great tie between Dean Stanley and this island, for his brother, Charles Stanley, lay buried in St. George's Churchyard in Hobart, and his widow had begged him to visit the spot where he was laid. Dean Stanley was to have married them, but a fortnight before the day fixed he fell ill, and eight days before the marriage some of them stood round his bed-side, and just as Great Ben chimed out 12 o'clock his soul passed away, and it might be said they were married at his grave, for it was in Westminster Abbey, Kennington was the last pat lah that he had lived in. It was a poor district, and they had to work for their living, and though they were out here he should never forgot that tremendous array of houses in South London. His experience was that they did not need oratory to get together a large congregation, but rather that the clergyman should feel that what he preached was from his heart, and if that was so the people would gladly come to bear him. He used, to look forward to the big congregations, of people who came i not because it was the fashion to come, but because they 'liked to come; He had told them something of his past life but he did not know anything about the future, but he could say he had come amongst them to do his duty, and he trusted that some years hence when they judged him he should be found to have at least done that. He did not expect an easy time, as there was a great amount of work to be done. In conclusion he could I only say that his wife and himself had I I never met such kind people before, and I only the other night His Excellency had had a reception at Government House, which led them more than ever to feel that they were among friends. That was his present experience of Tasmania, and he could only again thank them for the heartiness of their welcome It was also very kind of them to provide him a house so near his future rest cure, a residence at which, when they were properly settled, they would be most happy to welcome them all. (Loud and continued cheering.) A vote of thanks to the Governor, proposed by the Chief Justice (Sir Lambert Dobson), seconded by Mr Justice Adams, was carried by acclamation, and after a few suitable words in reply from His Kxuelelnov, the proceedings closed with the " National Anthem." It may be mentioned that at the conclusion of the enthronement, Dean Dundas provided a luncheon in St. David's Schoolroom for the choristers . He also thanked them for their services, specially mentioning Mr. T, I J, Haywood, the organiSt. I 