CHRIST. CHCRCB MISSION.. A ten jdays'' mission- at Christ Church, Hamilton, was brought to a close on Tues day evening. The missioner was the Rev. Wiiloughby Flower, M.A., Camb.,: of St. - Peter's, Rallffrfl.fr, who had considerable ex perience of this kind of work in England, and in this colony had conducted veiy suc cessful missions at Ballarat and St. Mary's, North Melbourne. On Saturday evening, November 30, a short service was held to re ceive the missioner, who was heartily wel comed by the vicar, who commended to his loving care and faithful teaching Hie souls of those who during tbe mission should as semble in God's House.. The missioner . spoke a. few words of instruction and en couragement to the mission workers. On Sunday, December 1 , excellent congregations gathered. In the morning the people were exhorted to 41 put on the Lord Jesus Christ." The metaphor was lucidly explained, Hie necessity of first putting off sin urged, and the advantages of putting on Christ ex- nnnteu. in tue attcrnoon tne young to Iks were greatly interested in an address on the words " How much is a man better than a sheep ?" the superiority of his spiritual nature, linking him with the divine, being brought out in a manner adapted to impress it upon the children. In the evening, the first of a course of evening sermons on some pointed questions from Scripture were de livered. The following were the questions dealt with : — " Whose is this image and superscription — showing the divine like ness in man, albeit defaced and defiled by sin; "Where art thou?" — God's endeavour to bring man to a due sense of his fallencon- dition ; "How should man be jnst with God ?" — upon which were considered man's futile attempts to justify himself ; " Have I any pleasure at all tliat the wicked should diet' — the Father's yearning over his way ward children ; " Know ye not that ye are not your own ?" — that wonderful redemption, God 8 remedy for sin ; " Shall the prey be taken from the might, or the lawful captive delivered the strength of the powers of evil, and the thraldom of sin ; " What shall we do that we might work the works of God? — the province of faith in the salvation of the siuner. On Saturday evening, De cember 7, the words ' Shall I not find rest for thee, that it may be well with thee ?" without breaking the continuity of the course, suggested a meditation most suitable to the succeeding Lord's Day. On that day, in tbe morning, the theme was " thy walls Salvation and thy gates Praise"; on Mon day evening " Rejoice with me for I have found my sheep that was lost." During the mission there were five early celebrations of Holy Communion, at which short addresses were delivered, the subjects being : — " Holy Communion : («) the Christian obligation, (&) the memorial sacrifice, (c) a means of union with each other, (d) a means of maintaining union with Christ and on the last morn ing a summing up of the previous instruc tions, the exhortation " Let us draw near — let us hold fast." On the other mornings at the same hour (7 o'clock) some very profit able teaching was given on The Christian's walk in Christ," '' The Life of Prayer," 14 The Life of Bible reading," and from Joshua v. and vi. Christ as ourCaptain. Four afternoon services for women were held, and the following Scripture characters afforded practical lessons : — " Martha and Mary «. iiiLUc f uuiiiu, «Ul dUUicoo id mothers, and " The wotnen at the Cross." Two stirring sermons to men were preached, one on 44 Make the men sit down the other on 4 That good thing which was com mitted unto thee keen by the Holy Ghost which dwclleth in us. The service on Sun day afternoon was particularly well at tended, and the earnest words of the mis sioner were listened to with great at- tion. A second service for children was held on Friday, tbe 6th, when " the day of small things" pointed many lessons. At the thanksgiving service on the 10th the Archdeacon referred to the benefits of the mission, which, he said, had been a time of refreshing from the presence of the Lord, a time daring which many had heard the ' still, small voice " of God, to their edification and comfort. They had seen bow true it was that with the Holy Spirit there were "diversities of operations." For the most part His work amongst them during the mission might be likened to ,the effect of the dew rather than the fire. Those who had rc-Jedicated themselves to God were ex horted to make regular use of the means of grace, and to remember that the blood of consecration was upon them. The missioner then delivered his farewell words, based upon the case of tbe Israelites at the Red Sea, who were to " Stand still, and see the Salvation of God," and then to "Go for ward." Earnest counsels and rules of life were given, and at the conclusion of the address all the members of the congregation stood up and renewed their baptismal vows. Many requests for prayer were made during the mission, and were incorporated in a litany compiled for such services. A promi nent feature of a mission is the after-meet ing, at which the missioner gives further instruction and guidance to the interested and anxious. A good proportion of the con gregation remained night by night for these meetiugs, and several persons were semi individually by the missioner. A special memorial card was prepared containing a form for any resolution the recipient desired to make, and also some rules for holy living. Nearly 100 of these cards were given out. In the aggregate the services were attended by a very large number of separate persons. We are informed that there were very few of those who profess to belong to the Church of England in the town but attended Bomeof the sendees, and a considerable number wm present at most of them. The missioner had a great command of illustration, which made his addresses interesting to all, and, though very earnest, he was always self-controlled, avoiding extravagances of either tone or gesture, and the general opinion seems to be that good solid work has been done, though of course time alone will show what are the permanent results. 