FIVE YBAES OF GROWTH IN VICTORIA.. THE Government Statist of Victoria has compiled a set of statiatioa covering a period of five years-in some instances up to the end of 1888, in others up to June 80, 1889-to illuatrate the progress of the colony in whose employ he is. These statistics cannot fail to be interest ing to Australians generally, and especi ally satisfactory to Victorians. They all go to show that eubatantial progress ia being made in every direction, Popula tion 7a growing, production is increasing, trade is opening out, and the country ia being made every year more lit to carry the population being added to it. Between June, 1884, and June, 1889, the population inoreaaed hy 170,304 per sons, and at the latter date it stood at 1,104,283. In othes words the popula tion grew at the rate of 18 per cent, per annum, As further illustrating the prosperity of the country during the period embraced it ia noted that the marriage rate rose to 82 per cent., and the birth rate to 25 per cent. The growth of population by the esoess of arrivals over departures was large, being ao leas than 60,229 for the year 1888. Financial affairs were in keeping with the population. The public revenue rose from £5,084,687 in 1883-4 to £8,676,081 in 1888-0; the external trade of the colony inoreaaed by 3$ inilUonB sterling; ead 1,349,663 more tons of phipptog were employed, Six hundred milea were added to the railways of the country, and the revenue increased therefrom by £421,934. During the five years conces sions were made to the customers of the railways, totalling about one million sterling, yet they returned last year a profit of 4.13 percent., against 3.52 per cent in 1883-4. Between 1883-4 and 1888-9 236 new telegraph stations were opened; 3,089 milea of extra wire were made available; and the result waa that the number of messages aent in the latter year almost doubled those sent in the first-named, The post office showed like results} 250 post offices were opened ., 10! million more letters, and 11$ million more newspapers and parcels had to be oarried. At the olose of 1888 Victoria had 1,544 post offices, and during the year there were earned 47,700,776 letters and post cards and 30,703,038 news papers and packets. The municipalities of the eolony also showed marked progress. The increment as between 1888 and 1883 waa 76 pes cent, in rateable property, 55 per cent, in annual value, and 81 par cent, in revenue collected, In 1888 the rateable property of Yiotoria was valued at the enormous total of £107»385,2iO j the annual assess ment stood at £11,913,473; and the amount oolleoted by the Councils waa £1,420,946. Agrioulture continued to make good its hold on the population as a field of employment, though ite progress was less marked than in some other purauita, In 1883-4 2,215,923 acres were given up to the plough, and in 1888*9 2,664,742, or an increase for the five years of 350,000. Of this in° orease wheat, barley, and hay got the largest share, but in oats, potatoes, and other articles of tillage there were also good increases. The grazing capabilities of Victoria were pretty well developed prior to 1884, consequently there was not the same soope tor growth as in other directions. Still there was a little. The colony had 36,336 more horses, 73,114 more cattle, 79,654 more sheep, and 12,293 more pigs in 1888 than in 1884. During the five years 198 new manu= factoring works were opened, employing 7,631 hands, 7,336 horse-power of machinery, with land, buildings, and plant valued at £5,377,784. At present 64,488 bands are employed in manufac tures, and 24,938 horse-power of machinery, and the oapital invested, is valued at close upon fifteen millions Sterling, There were on June 30 last 237)433 depositors in the Savings Banks, with aavinga amounting to £4,669,541. The general prosperity among the working classes generally beiug well illustrated by the faot that during the five years under notice the number of depositors increased by 76 per oent., and the amount to their oredit by 66 per cent. The value of the agricultural, pastoral, mining, aud manufacturing products of Viotoria during the last five years iB estimated to have been as follows Agricultural,, ,, ,,£06,895,000 Pastoral 16,717,000 Mining 16,178,000 Manufacturing (exclusive of oo«t of raw material) 80,105, 00 £189,466,000 Thh Corporation Gas IJiU was virtually shelved in the Legislative Gounoil on Thurs day. On t>he motion for its second reading an Amendment was parried referring it to a apeoial committee for report, such report to be brought up in a fortnight, This delay will leave in auffioient time for getting the measure through both Houses even if the report be favorable. The Upper llouse is anxious to conserve the interests of the Adelaide Gas Company, and some of the members will spare no pains to blook the bill. The Government, too, has helped them, as uaual, by delayiug the intro duction of the measure till the last moment. THE lMtitute trustees who met on the ground last Saturday to decide as to how best to add a room to tin Institute that would be suitable for supper and other purposes, agreed that the best position two the addition would be at the rear of the hall, There is ample space for the purpose there, &ud; it is proposed to ask the Town Council, in whom the reserve is vested, to give ihe ground needed. It was decided that the room should be 5ti by 27 feet in the olear, and lb feat high, and that access should be given to it by a door behind the Btage and also from the ante-rooms, A rough plan and estimate of the work ia being pie pared by Mr. GOBS. If carried out the pro posed addition will make the Institute very complete as far as" accommodation ia concerned, THE) number of shares in the Broken Hill Proprietary Company Held by South Australia ia increasing, and more than half the total number are now on the Adelaide register of the company. The following ia a return of the Bhares on tne respective registers -Adelaide, 80,74U j Melbourne, 73,300 ; Sydney, 2,423; I Hobart, 1,623 j Silverton, 647; Broken Hill, 074 j Port Pirie, 240, The smujl number of the shares held in Sydney is surprising, as some of the other Broken Hill stocks are largely owned there, The market value of the Proprietary stook on tha Adelaide register is over £7,100,000. ! T$e 2Yr/fM-Parnell oape iB nosv closed. It is expected the report of the Commission before whom it was tried will be ready in January next. Pboposam are being put forth in favor of Canada proclaiming itself a Republic*, a la Brazil, The whole of Amerioa, with the ex ception of Canada, is now governed ojj the &6pi}blioj*n pmoipfe. THE Register of Monday reports:- "Another old colonist passed away on Friday, November 22, in the person of Mrs. Margaret Flett, The deceased lady, who was eighty-four years of age, arrived in the colony with her husband the late Mr. W. Flett, about fifty years ago, For many years her husband carried on business in the city, the grocery firm of Flett & Linklater, of Hindley- street, being well known to all old colonists. Mr. Flett died several years ago. Mrs. Flett, who was highly respected by a large circle of friends, leaves five daughters, one being Mrs, S. J. Stuckey, The funeral took place on Sunday afternoon, and was attended by several relatives and leading citizens," Mrs. Loutit of this town was a daughter of Mrs. Flett. As mentioned by telegram in our last issue the Victorian Assembly hp baulked the pro posal to refer the disputed boundary question to the Privy Council. The Premier, Mr. Gillies, urged the House to agree to a motion he submitted on the subject, For himself, he aaid, he had no doubt whatever that Viotoria was legally and morally entitled to the strip, but as South iVuatvalja felt strongly on the question, ana it was possible that What was now a disagreement would become a cause of much trouble, to obviate any such result South Australia desired that the matter should be referred to the Privy Council, Victoria was certain to win the verdict, but because we were in the right was not sufficient justification for refusing to hf*ve the matter tried. We owe much to South Australia, with whioh Oolony we have worked in harmony in federal affairs, audi therefore, he took tha responsi bility of introducing the motion, When the vote was taken he was supported by 81 members, and had 34 against nim, Viotorian jpembera evidently do not share the confidence of their Premier as to the justness of their olaim, and think it bast pot to risk the reter enoe. Mr, Shiels suggested, as a condition to the reference, that a proviso should be made entitling Victoria to purchase the strip of land if the decision went against her, but this met with no favor, Mr. Gillies eays he will make another attempt next year to bring about the reference to the Privy Council. THE curious idea shared at different times that Jerusalem is the centre of the world is about to be made the subject of an astrono mical investigation. The World writes .' The necessity of a world meridaa has long been felt, and an effort is to be made to supply it in Jerusalem. It is imagined that the eaored olairos of the Holy City will be found more binding than national prejudices-*anoh for example, the preference shown by England for Greenwioh, by Spain for the island of Jferro, by France for Toulon, and by Sweden for Upaala, The project of a universal meridian of Jerusalem will be discussed at the Astrono raioal Congress next year. The proposal is to run it through the site of the Holy of Holies a spot whioh Mahommedan superstition has long regarded as the . navel of the earth.'" AN ingenious, though simple, invention has been shown us (Melbourne Herald) by Messrs, Boyle and Scott, Its use is explained in its name, "Miller's patent automatic swimmer." The " awimuver " is really an aid to swimmers, and oonsists of a prepared canvas, webbed disc, and is fastened round the ankle by a band stiffened with whalebone or similar material. It is constructed upon the principle of the web on a duok's foot, expanding to resist the water when the legs are pushed backward, and closing round the ankle when the legs are pulled up for the leg stroke, and remaining closed and flat to the ankle till the legs are again struck baokwards, Wa are informed that the thing works splendidly, and is highly apoken of by oompetent judges and expert swimmers as being a valuable help to either beginners or good swimmers, It increases the speed and Jesiens the exertion. THIS Crowe will case W»B before the Supreme Court the whole of yesterday, and counsel finished their addresses, At the close the Chief Justice said ha had formed certain opinions from the evidence given, but he waa not satisfied, and would like several other witnesses to be called. The further hearing of the case was, therefore, adjourned till to morrow week to enable them to be called, CONCERT,-Young Australians predominated at the concert given last evening in the Insti tute Hall in connection with the Mount Gambier branoh of the Australian Natives' Asaroiation, and proved themselves vivac ious, They warmly applauded the singers, and hesitated not to call for numerous enoorea, refusing to take "No" for an answer, The hall was well filled, and the audienca were afforded for sixpence an entertainment equal to many for which a higher admission fee is levied, The conductor was Mr, £!, J. Maytum, Instrumental music waa con. ti'lbwted by Messrs, F, G, Chapman (piano, forte) and T. Barratt (violin) j eonp were rendered by MiBseB May, MBBOI Burrows (a visitor from Adelaide with a well trained soprano voice of good range), Hammer, and Di'iflQoll, and Messrs, G, Robbie, G. H, Barlow, T, Herbert, and Maytum j duetu were given by MisBea E, Pegler and It. ghelton, Miesea Hammer and Peacock, and Misses Krummel and Draegar s a quartette waa sung by Misses R, and 0, ehelton and Messrs, T, Herbert and J, 0. Robbie: and a recitation waa de livered by Mr. W, Barratt. Theentertainment concluded with a farce " The haunted house," in whioh the oharaoters were taken aa follows i Malachi Htingiman, Mr, W, Barratt; Snarley Bones, Mr. G. H. Barlow} Septimus Snoozer, Mr. J, 0. Robbie j and the Ghost, Mr. M. J, Robertson, FEDERATION.-A meeting of ratepayers to consider the Australian Federation question is convened by the Mayor for to-morrow even ing, in compliance with a requisition. ON Friday laat Messra. Kriohaufl, M.P., and Osmsn, M.P,, presented to the Treasurer from the District Council of Penola estimates of work required to be done in the distriot for the year ending June 80,1890. It was stated that the main roads would require some at tention, as although the Mount Gam bier and Narracoorte roads were in fair condition the Oasterton and Millicent roads were very bad owinp to the severe winter experienced, Drains on trie Millicent road, especially at the 10th mile-post, were urgently required. The drain on the Robe-road was unable to carry off the storm waters, and aa the drain was the only outlet for the drainage of the town of Penola and the district to the south it should be widened and deapened before next winter. The Millicent, Robe, and Oomaum roads require to be attended to in consequence of the increasing traffic, The distriot main roads, especially the Penola-road to Killanoola, would need a large sum of money to put in proper order, The Nasraooorto main road to Glenroy railway-station was seriously injured by the floods, and a bridge would be required. The Nangwarry-road also needed clearing, and the worst portions made passable, The estimated coat -for all these works was £5,050, The Treasurer, in reply, said the Government could not do more for the distriot than they had done, and seeing that the main road was already made and was alongside a railway the district had no olaims whioh could compare with those of many other districts, It was simply impossible to seriously consider the re. quests made, BROKEN HILL PROPRIETARY MINE shares are now only paying about six per cent, on their market value. Sin JULIUS VOGEIJ expresses the opinion that Sir Henry Farkea is moving as he does in the matter of federation to furnish himself with an exouse for swallowing protection, whioh he knows will very shortly be victorious in New South Wales, A SPECIAL MEETING of the South Australian board of direotors of the Australian Natives' Association was held at Adelaide on Thursday evening laat, in reference to the proposed con vention upon the subjeot of Australasian Federation. The following resolutions were oarried !-" That this board of direotora con our in the suggestions of the New South Wales board that tne proposed convention of the in tercolonial delegatea should be held in Mel bourne, and suggest that the convention should meet early in January, the Hon, J, O, Bray to act as convener "That the association in eaoh colony having a board of direotors Bhould bs invited to send seven delegates to the con. vention, and that eaoh colony in whioh branohes are established without a separate board of direotors should also be asked to ohoose representativesand, " That the foregoing resolutions be submitted to the associations of the other colonies for approval," The board deoided also to speoially oall the attention of the South Anstralian branches to these propositions particularly affecting them " That the South Australian dele* gates should be chosen as followsTwo appointed by the board, two elected by the Adelaide branch, one by the Mount Garabier branoh, one by the Port Adelaide branch, and one by the Broken Hill branch, the last named branoh having power to saleot a repre sentative from one of the South Australian branohes should it be inconvenient for one of their own number to attend ; the elections in all cases to be made by the membera of the branoh by ballot," The following resolutions were agreed to, to be submitted forthwith to the branohes for adoption or suggested alteration, to be returned to the board as adopted or altered before December 20 next, so that arrangements may be made for the con ference ;-l, " That the time has arrived when it is desirable to provide for the establishment of a Federal Parliament and Federal Govern ment for Australasia," 2, " That the Federal Parliament should be empowered to deal with all national questions, leaving to the Parlia ment of eaoh colony all legislation affeoting local affairs," 3, "That tha membera of the Federal parliament should consist of an equal number of representatives of each colony, to be elected by the people of eaoh colony," 4, " That the Federal Parliament should be em powered to raise the necessary revenue for the p'irposes of the Federal Government," TIJJ; attention of Mr, Parnell having been called to the statement that subscriptions were being raised in New York to relieve the poverty from whioh his mother was suffering, he said he did not know of his mother's Btraitened oircumstancea, He has now made ftmple pro vision for her wants. UNIVERSITY EXAMINATION.-The following young people, who passed the preliminary examination some tiaie agjo, filled their papers for the Junior University examination on I Monday morning, at the Christ Church school room, the Rev. Dr. Oraig supervising :-Misses I May Lord, Jeaaie Holtje, and Anna M, Saasa nowsky, and Masters G, Wedd and 0. I Williams, The girls are froifl the Ladies' 1 College and the lads frojp the EJigh School, The subjeots for that day were English litera ture (Lord Maoaulay's " Lays ol Ancient Rome "), English history (a very long pa^er), and general geography (in which the questions were very difficult). Yesterday tHe subjects were Geometry (Ijuoljd) and Latin j to-day the subjects will be botany, physiology, and chem istry; to-morrow they will be Algebra and French; and the examination will conolude on Friday with Greek, So far the papers prepared bg^ the candidates appear to be very credit THE ST. ANDREW'S SOOIAT< of the Mount Gambier Caledonian Society is fixed for Friday night-St, Andrew's day this year falling on Saturday, The programme will be on the usual hnea, Proceedings will open with a concert, after which there wjll bp several hours' dancing. The aftair will be held in the Institute, AT the ordinary University examination for the degree of Bachelor of Laws, recently held, Mr, W. J. Stockdale, of Messrs, Davison and Daniel's office, Mount Gambier, was awarded a certificate for passing in the Law of Wrongs and the Law of Procedure WEfiitEY<\N LITERARY SOCIETY,-There was a large attendance at the fortnightly meeting of the above society on Friday night. An anonymous paper on " Earthquakes, reoeived too late fqp the lftdiea' meeting, was read by Mr, Billing, An essay on "Morraonism" by the Rev, J, Nioholson was also read, Several questions were asked, and an interesting dia* ousuion ensued on tne papers. Songs were rendeyed by Mrs, W. Webb and Mies F, Ranfrey. and a recitation by Mr, 0. Spehr, INSOLVENCY COURT.-The final hearing in the estate of Angus Tipping, of Narracoorte, laborer, will be resumed on Friday next, It was adjournee to enable Mr, F. W. Davison, on behalf of the Trustee, to lay certain charges against the insolvent, THE new Governor of Viotoria will arrive in Melbourne to.morrow, whioh will be observed as a general holiday. Mn. W, W. WINWOOD, of Adelaide, will give a dissolving view entertainment in the Inatitute Hall to.niffht in connection with the Eons of Temperance, The adraiaaion will be free, but & collection will ba made to defray expenses, Most of the views will have an intimate heating upon temperance, the object of the entertainment being the promotion of temperanoe. On Monday night an entertain, ment was given by Mr, Winwood in the school, room at Sutton Town, and laafc niptht in the WeBleyan Ohuroh, Yahl, Both were well at tended. GOOD NEWS FOB THE LADIES.-We are glad to note that Meaara. Jaa, Whan & Co, have added to their premiaea the ahop next door, in which Dressmaking will be carried on under experienced CJoatumiers, Their Lady patrons may rely on getting their CJoaturaes made up in the latest Btyle ana at moderate prices, while a good fib will be guaranteed.-~\PauJ Pry. 