A Hardy Norseman. CHAPTER XXXIX. -Continued. BY EDNA LYALL. Author of "Donovan," "We Two," "In the Golden Days," "Knight- Errant,"&c.; But though she tried in this way to take the edge off her pleasure she could not do it. Afterwards might take care of itself. There was no possibility of realising it now, she would enjoy to the full just the present that was hers, the long talks with Frithiof, the delightful sense of fellowship with him, the mutual enjoyment of that exquisite valley. And so they drove on, past Aak, with its lovely trees and its rippling river, past the lofty Romsdalshom, past the Troltin derae, with their weird outline looming up against the blue sky like the battle ments and pinnacles of some magic city. About the middle of the day they reached Horgheim, where it had been arranged that they should spend the night. Frithiof was in a mood to find everything beau tiful, he even »dtnTT«wl the rather bare looking posting-station, just a long, brown, wooden house with a high flight of steps to the door, and seats on either side. On the doorstep Jay a fine white and tabby cat, which he declared he could remember rears before when they had visited the RomsdaL " And that is very possible," said the landlady, with a pleased look. " For we have had him these fourteen years." Every one crowded round to look at this antiquated cat. "What is his name?" asked Cecil, speaking in Norse. " His name is Moris," said the landlady, "ilons Horgheim." They all laughed at the thought of a cat with a surname, and then came a general dispersion in quest of rooms. Cecil and Swanhild chose one which looked out across a grassy slope to the river; the Rauma just at this part is very still, and of a deep green colour; beyond were jagged, grey mountains, and the moraine of a glacier covered here and there with birch and juniper. Half-a dozen little houses with grass-grown roofs nestled at the foot, and near them were sweet-smelling hayfields and patches of golden corn. They dined merrily on salmon, wild strawberries, and cream, and then a walk was proposed. Cecil, however, excused herself, saying that she had letters to write home, and so it chanced that Frithiof and Sigrid had what did not often fall [to their lot in those days, the chance of a quiet talk. " What is wrong with you, dear old boy?" she said; for since they had left Horgheim she could not but notice that he had grown grave and absorbed. "Nothing," he said, with rather a forced laugh. But, though he tried to resume has usual manner and talked with her and teased her playfully, she knew that he had something on his mind, and, half-hopefully, half-fearfully, made one more attempt to win his confidence. "Let us rest here in the shade,"she said, settling herself comfortably under a silver birch. "Roy and Swanhild walk at such a pace that I think we will let them have the first view of the Mongefos." He threw himself down on the grass beside her, and for a time there was silence. "You did not sleep last night," she said presently. " How do you know that 1" he said, his colour rising a little. " Oh, I know it by your forehead. You ■were worrying over something. Come, confess." He sat up and began to speak abruptly. "I want to ask you a question," he said, looking up the valley beyond her and avoiding her eyes. "Do you think a man has any business to offer to a woman a love which is not his first passion ? " "At one time I thought not," said Sigrid. "But as I grew older and understood things more it seemed to me different I think there would be few marriages in the world if we made a rule of that sort. And a woman who really loved would lose sight of all selfish ness and littleness and jealousy just be cause of the strength of her love." He turned and looked straight into her eyes. "And if I were to tell Cecil that I loved her, do you think that she would at any rate listen tone!" " I am not going to say ' yes ' or ' no' to that question," said Sigrid, suddenly bending forward and giving him a kiss—a salute almost unknown between a Nor wegian brother and sister—"but I will say instead, 'Go and try.'" "You think, then " She sprang to her feet "I don't think at all," she said laugh ingly. "Good-bye. lam going to meet the others at the Mongefos, and you— you are going back to Horgheim. Adjo." She waved her hand to him and walked resolutely away. He watched her out of sight, then fell back again to his former position on the grass, and thought. She haa told him nothing, and yet somehow had brought to him a most wonderful sense of rest and peace. Presently he tnt up, and began to re trace his steps along the vinlley. CHAPTER XL. j The afternoon was not so clear as the morning had been, yet it had a beauty of its own which appealed to Frithiof very strongly. The blue sky had changed to a soft pearly grey, all round him rose grave, majestic mountains, thoir summits clear against the pale background, but wreaths of white mist clinging about their sides in fantastic twists and curves which bridged over huge yawning chasms and seemed to join the valley into a great amphitheatre. The stern grey and purple rocks looked hardly real, so softened were they by the luminous summer haze. Here and there the white snow gleamed coldly in long deep crevices, or in broad clefts v here from year's end to year's end it remained un melted by sun or rain. On each side of the road there was a wilderness of birch and fir and juniper bushes, while in the far distance could be heard the Mongefos with its ceaseless sound of many waters, repeated on either hand by the smaller waterfalls. Other sound there was nono save the faint tinkle of cowbells or the rare song of the little black and white wagtails, which seemed .the only birds in the valley. Suddenly he perceived a little further along the road a slim figure leaning against the fence, the folds of a blue dress, the gleam of light-brown hair under a sealskin travelling cap. His heart began to beat fast, he strode on more quickly, and Cecil, hearing footsteps, looked up. " 1 had finished my letter and thought I would come out to explore a little," she said, as he joined her. "You have come back?" " Yes," he said, " I have come back to you." Sheglancedathimquestioningly.startlcd by his tone, but before his eager look her eyelids dropped, and a soft glow of colour suffused her face. "Cecil," he said, "do you remember what you said years ago about men who worked hard to make their fortune and then retired, and were miserable becauso they had nothing to do ? " "Oh yes," aho said, "I remember it very well, and have often seen instances of it." "I am like that now," he continued. "My work seems over, and I stand at the threshold of a new life. It was you who saved me from ruin in my old life—will you be my helper now?" "Do you think I really could help ?" she said wistfully. He looked at her gentle eyes, at her pure, womanly face, and he knew that his life was in her hands. " Ido not know," he said gravely. "It depends on whether you could love me— whether you will let me speak of my lovo for you." Then, as he paused, partly because his English wordswould not come very readily, partly in hope of somo sign of encourage ment from her, she turned to him with a face which shone with heavenly light. "There must never be any secrets between us," she Baid, speaking quite simply and directly. "I have loved you ever since you first came to ua—j'earsago." It was nothing to Frithiof that they were standing at the side of the king's highway—he h»d lost all sense of time nnd plact—the world only contained for him the woman who loved him—the woman who let him clasp her in his strong arm— let him press her sweet face to his. And still from the distance came the sound of many waters, and the faint tinkle of the cowbells and the song of the little black and white birds. The grave grey mountains seemed like strong and kindly friundi who yhelterod them and shut them in from all intrusion of tlio outer world, but they were so entirely absorbed in each other that they had not a thought for any thing el«c. '• With you I sliall have courage to begin life afresh," he said after a time. "To have the right to love you—to be always with you—that will be everything to me." And then, as he thought of her true hearted confession, he tried to understand n little better the unseen ordering of his life, and he loved to think that those weary years had been wasted neither on him nor on Cecil herself. He could not for one moment doubt that her pure, unselfish love had again and again shielded him from evil, that all through his English life with iU hard struggles and bitter suffer ings her love had in some unknown way been his pafegunrd, and that his life, crippled by the faithlessness of a woman, had by a woman also been redeemed. AH his old morbid craving for death had gone —he eagerly desired a long life that he might live with her, work for her, shield her from care, fill up to the best of his power what was incomplete in her life. "I Bhall have a postscript to add to my letter," said Cecil presently, looking up at him with the radiant smile which he so loved to see on her lips. " What a very feminine one it will be! We say, you know, in England that a woman's post cript is the most important put of her letter." "Will your father and mother ever sjiare you to me 1" said Frithiof. "They will certainly welcome you as their son," she replied. "And Mr. and Mrs. Homer?" nig gested Frithiof mischievously. But at the thought of the consternation of her worthy cousins Cecil could do nothing but laugh. | "Never mind," she said, "they have always disapproved of :no as much .is thoy have of you ; they will perhaps say tliat it is after all a highly suitable arrangement!" " 1 wonder whether Sw.inhild will say the same?" said Frithiof with a smilo; "hero she comes hurrying humo alone. Will you wait by the river and let me just tell her my good news?" _ He walked along the road to meet his sister, who, spito of added years and inches, still retained much of "her child likeness. " Why are you all alone?" he said. " Oh, three is no fun," mid Swnnhild. "When Roy and Sigrid are out on m holiday they are just like lovers, so I camo back to you." " What will you say when I tell you that I am betrothed," he said tcazingly. She lookod up in his face with some alarm. " You are only making fun of me," she protested. "On the contrary, I am stating the most serious of facts. Come, I want your congratulations." "But who arc you betrothed to?" aaked Swanhild bewildered. "Can it be to Madalc? And, oh dear, what a, horrid time to chose for it—you will be just no good at all. I really do think you might have waited till the end of the tour. " It might possibly have been managed if you had spoken sooner," said Frithiof with mock gravity, "but you como too late—the deed is done." "Well, I shall have Cecil to talk to, so after all it doesn't much matter," said Swanhild graciously. "But unfortunately she also has be come betrothed," said Frithiof, watching the bewildered little fnco with keen pleasure, and seeing tho light of ]>creop tion suddenly dawn on it. Swanhild caught his hand in hers. " You don't mean— " »ho began. "Oh, yes," said Frithiof, "but I do mean it very much indeed. Come," and he hurried her down the grassy slope to the river. " I shall tell Cecil every word you have been saying." Then, as she rose to meet them, he said with a laugh, " This selfish child thinks wo might put it off till the end of the tour for her special benefit." "No, no," cried Swanhild, flying to wards Cecil witli outstretched arms. "I never knew it was to you he was bo throthed—and you could never be that horrid, moony kind who are alwa3-s sitting alone together in corners." At which ingenious congratulation they all laughed so immoderately that Mons Horgheim the cat was roused from his afternoon nap on the steps of the station, and after a preliminary stretch strolled down towards the river to tee what was the matter, and to bring the sobriety and accumulated wisdom of his fourteen years to bear upon the situation. "Ah, well," said Swanhild, with a comical gesture, " there is clearly nothing for me but, as they say in Italy, to stay at home and nurse the cat." And catching up the astonished Mons, Bhe danced away, eager to be the first to tell the good news to Roy and Sigrid. " It will bo really very convenient," she remarked, to the infinite amusement of her elders. "We sliall not lose Frithioff at all ; he will only have to move across to Rowan Tree House." And ultimately that was how nutters arranged themselves, so that the house which had sheltered Frithiof in his time of trouble became his home in this time of his prosperity. He had not rushed all at once into full light and complete manhood and lasting hnppinuss. Very slowly, very gradually, thu life that had been plunged in dark ness had emerged into faint twilight as he had struggled to redeem his father* name; then, by degrees, the brightness of dawn had increased, and sometimes helped, sometimes hindered by the livas which liad come into contact with hi* own, he had at length emerged into clearer light, till, after long waiting, the sun had indeed risen. As Swanhild had prophesied, they were by no means selfish lovers, and, far from spoiling the tour, their happiness did much to add to its success. Cecil hardly knew which part of it was most delightful to her, the return to Molde and the pilgrimage to the quaint little jeweller's shop where they chose two plain gold betrothal rings such as are always used in Norway; or tho merry journey to the Geiranger; or the quiet days at Oldoren, in that lovely valley with the river curving and bending its way between wooded kinks, and the ramjiart of grand, craggy mountains with snowy peaks, her own special mountain, as Frithiof called Cecilienkrone, dominating all. It was at Oldoren that she saw for the first time one of the prettiest sights in Norway—a country wedding. Tho charav ing bride, Pcmilla, in her surer-gilt crown and bridal ornaments, had her heartiest symyathy, and Frithiof, happening to catch sight of tho fiddler standing idly by the churchyard gate when the ceremony was over, brought him into the hotel and set every one dancing. Anna Rasmusen, the clever and cliarming manager of the inn, volunteered to try the spring dmu with Halfstan, the guide. The hamlet was searched for dancers of the hailing, and the women showed them the pretty jdtUr and the, trelur. j By degrees all the population of the place crowded in aa spectators, and loon Johannes andPomilla, the brideand bride groom, made their way through the throng, and, each carrying a decanter, approachod the visitors, shook hands with them, and begged that they would drink their httalth. There was something itrangely simple and charming about the whole thing. Such a scene could hare been found in no other country save in grand, free old Nor way, where false standards of worth are alx>lishcd, and whore mutual respect and c<iu.il rights bind oach to each in true brotherhood. The liny after the wedding they spent at the Brixdals glacier, rowing all together up tlio lake, but afterwards separating, Fritliiof and Cecil walking in advance of the others up the beautiful valley. "Thnre will soon bo a high- road to Uiia glacier," said Frithiof, " but lam glad they arc only beginning it now, and that we have this rough path." And Cecil was glad too. She liked the scramble and the little bit of climbing needed here and there ; she loved to feel the strength and protection of Frithiof ■ hand aa ho led her over the rocks and boulders. At last, after a lung walk, they reached a smooth, grassy oasis, shaded by silver birches and bordered by a river; beyond, the Brixdalsbrae gleamed white through the trees, with here and tfiere ox quisile shades of blue visible in the ice even at that distance. " This is just like tho land of Bculah," said Cecil, smiling, "and the glacier is the celestial city. How wonderful those broken pinnacles of ice are !" "Look at these two little streams run ning aide by side for so long and at last joining," said Frithiof. " They are like eiur two lives. For so many years you have been to me as we should say, fortriii^." " What docs that mean I" she asked. "It ia untranslateablo," he said. "It is that in which one puta one's trust and confidence, but more besides. It means exactly what you have always been to me." Cecil looked down at the littlo bunch of forget- me-nota and lilies of the valley—the Norwegian national flowers with which Frithiof loved to keep her supplied—and the remembrance of all that ahe had borne during these five yean camo back to her, and by contrast made the happy present yet sweeter. "I think," she said, "I should like Signor Donati to know of our happiness ; he was the first who quite understood you." "Yet, I must writeto him," saidFrithiof. " There is no man to whom I owe more." And thinking of the Italian's life and character and of his own past, ho grew silent. "Do you know," he said at length, " there is one thing I want you to do for me. I want you to givo mo back my regard for the Sogne once more. I want, on our way home, just to pass Balholm again." And 10 one day it happened that they found themselves on the well-remembered fjord, and coming up on deck when dinner was over, saw that already the familiar scenes of tho Frithiof saga were coming into view. " Look ! look !" amid Frithiof. "There, far in front of us is the Kvinnafos, looking like a thread of white on the dark rock ; and over to the right is Framnacs 1" Cecil stood beside him on the upper deck, and gradually the scene unfolded. They saw the littlo wooded peninsula, the lovely mountains round the Fjaerland* fjord, Munkcggen itself, with much more sr.ow than during their last visit, and then, once again, King Role's grave, and tho scattered cottages, with their red-tiled roofs, and the familiar hotel, somowhat enlarged, yet recalling a hundred memo ries. Gravclyand thoughtfully Frithiof looked on the little hamlet and on Munkeggcn. It was a picture that had been traced on his mind by pleasure and engraved by pain. Cecil drew a little nearer to him, and though no word passed between them, yet intuitively their thoughts turned to one who must for ever be associated with those bright days spent in the house of Ole Kvikne long ago. There was no in dignation in their thoughts of her, but there was pain, and pity, and hope, and the love which is at once the source and the outcome of forgiveness. They won dered much how matters stood with her out in the far-off southern seas, where she struggled on in a new life, which must always, to tho very end, be shadowed by the old. And then Fritliiof thought of his father, of his own youth, of the won derful glamour and gladness that had been doomed so soon to pass into total eclipse, and feeling like some returned ghost, he glided close by the flagstaff, and the grey rocks, and tho trees which had sheltered his farewell to Blanche. A strange and altogether indescribable feeling stole over him, but it was speedily dispelled. There was a link which happily bound his put to his present—a memory which nothing could s]x>il —on the quay he instantly per ceived the well-remembered faces of the kindly landlord, Ole Kvikne, and his brother Knut. " See!" he exclaimed with a smile, " there are the Kviknes looking nut a day older ! We must just see if they re member us." Did they not remember? Of course they did ! And what bowing and hand shaking went on in the brief waiting-time. They had heard of Frithiof, moreover, and knew how nobly he had redeemed his father's name. They were enchanted at meeting him once more. " Let me have the pleasure, Kvikne, to introduce to you my betrothed, who was also your guest long ago," said Frithiof, taking Cecil's hand and placing it in that of the landlord. And the warm congratulations and hearty good wishes of Ole and Knut Kvikno were only cut short by the bell, which warned the travellers that they must hasten up the gangway. " We shall come back," said Frithiof. " Another summer we shall «t»ywithyou." " Yet," laid Cecil. " After all there it nothing equal to Balholm. I had for gotten how lovely it was." Aa they glided on they left the little place bathed in sunshine, and in silence they watched it, till at last a bend in the fjord hid it from view. Frithiof fell into deep thought What part had tliat tia.siiion.ite first love of his played in his life-story ? Well, it had been to him a curse —it had dragged him down into the depth* of despair, and to the verge of vice ; it had steeped him in bitterness and filled his heart with anguish. Yet a more perfect love had awaited him—a passion leas fierce but more tender, leas vehement but more last ing ; and all those yean Cecils heart had really been his, though he had so little dreamed of it. As if in a picture he saw the stages through which he had passed—the rapture of mere physical existence ; the intoler able pain and humiliation of Blanche's betrayal; the mgni«h of bereavement; the shame of bankruptcy ; the long effort to |«y Uw date; the alow return to balM in hwaan bungs; the toilsome stops that had each brought him a clearer knowledge of the Unseen, for which he had onco felt no need ; and. finally, this wonderful love springing up like a fountain in his life, ready to gladden his somewhat prosaic round of daily work. It was evening when they left the steamer at Sogndal, but they were none of them in a mood for settling down, and indeed tho weather w»s so hot that they often preferred travelling after supper. So it was arranged that they should go on to a very primitive little place called Hillestod, sleep there for a few hours, and then proceed to the Lystcr fjord. Cecil, who was a much better walker than either Sigrid or Swanhild, was to go on font with Frithiof; the others secured a stolkjaerre and a carriole, and went on in advance with tho luggage. \- The two lovers walked briskly along the side of tho fjord, but slackened their pace when they reached tho long sandy hill with iU sharp zigzags ; the evening was still and cloudless ; above them towered huge, rocky cliffs, partly veiled by under growth, and all tho air was sweet with the scent of the pine trees. They were close to St Olaf's well, where, from time im memorial, the country people have come to drink and pray for recovery from illness. "Don't you think we ought to drink to my futuro health?" said Frithiof. Ho smiled, yet in his eyes she saw nil tho time the look of sadness that had come to him as they approached Balholm. The one sting in his perfect happiness \m the thought that ho could not biiu^ to Cecil the unbroken health tliat hod onoo l*on hia. He know that the ittrain of his past trouble had left upon him marks which he must carry to his grave, and that tho consequences of Blanche's faithless ness had brought with them a secret anxiety which must to some extent shadow Cecil's life. The knowledge was hard; it humiliated him. Cecil knew him so well that sho read his thought* in an instant. " Look at all these little crosses sot up in tho moss on this rock ! " she exclaimed when they had scrambled up the steep ascent. " I wonder how many hundreds of years this has been the custom? I wonder how many troubled people have come hero to drink ? " "And have gained nothing by their superstition?" saidFrithiof. " It was superstition," she said thought fully. "And yet, perhaps, tho sight of tho cross and '.he drinking of tho water at least helped them to now thoughts of suffering and of life. Who knows, perhaps some of them went away able to glory in their infirmities?" Ho did not speak for some minutes, but stood lost in the train of thought suggested to him by her words. The sadness gradually died out of his face, and she quite understood that it was with no trace of superstition, but merely as a sign of gratitude for a thought which had helped him, that he took two little straight twigs, stooped to drink from St, Olafskilde, and then set up his cross among the others in the mossy wall. After that they clambered down over the boulders into the sandy road once more, and climbed the steep hill leisurely, planning many things for the future—the rooms in Rowan Tree House, the little wooden cottage that they meant to build at Godesund, three hours by water from Bergen, on a tiny island, which might bo bought at a trifling cost; tho bright holi day weeks that they would spend there ; tho work they might share; tho efforts they might make together in their London life. But the sharp contrast between this pictured future and the actual past cu'.ild hardly fail to strike one of Frithiofs temperament; it was tho thought of this which prompted him to speak as they paused to rest on the wooded heights above Hillstead. " I almost wonder," he said, " that you have the courage to marry such an ill starred fellow as I have always proved to bo. You aro very brave to take the risk." She answered him only with her eyes. "So," he said with a smile, "you think, perhaps, after all the troubles there must be a good time coming?" " That may be very well," she replied ; "but now that we belong to each other outer things matter little. "Do you remember the lines about Norway in the Princess 1" he said. '' Your love has made them true for me." "Say them now,"she said; "I have forgotten." I And, looking out over the ruddy sky j where, in this night hour, the glow of sun set mingled with the glow of dawn, ho ' quoted the words: I " I «,■ons ! To whom the touch of all mischance but came ! An nlcht to him that ultting on a hill Hcei the midsummer, midnight, Norway sun I Bet into lunriM-." j She followed the direction of his gaze ami j looked, through the fir-trees on tho hill [ upon which they were testing, down to the | lovely lake which lay below them like a j sheet of mother-of-pearl in the tranquil j light. She looked beyond to the grand ) cliff-like mountains with their snuwy top* ! touched here and then* into the most ex- | quisite r6se-colour by the rising sun ; and j then she turned kick to the strong Norso i face with its clearly-cut features, its look of strength, and independence, and noble courage, and her heart throbbed with joy aa she thought how foreign to it waa that hard, bitter expression of the past As he repeated the words " Set into sunrise " his eyes met hen fully ; all the tenderness and strength of his nature and an infinite promise of future possibilities seemed to strike down into her very soul in that glance. He drew her towards him, and over both of them there stole a strange calm which is sometimes the outcome of strong feeling. All nature seemed full of perfect peace; and with the sight of those snowy moun tains and the familinr scent of the pines to toll him that he was indeed in nil own country, with Cecil's loving pretence to assure him of his new possession, and with a peace in his heart which had lint come to him in bitter humiliation and trouble, Frithiof, too, waa at rest. After all, wluvt were the possiblo trials tliat lay before them I What was all earthly lain ? Lnoked at in a true light, : suffering seemed, indeed, but as this brief j northern night, and death but as the herald of eternal day. • • • • * "Cecil," said Frithiof, looking again into her sweet, grave eyes, " who would have thought that tho Lintuta gathered all those yean ago should prove the first link in the chain that was to bind us together for ever ? "It was strange," she replied with a smile, as she gathered one of the long trails growing close by and looked at the lovely little white bells with their pink veins. He took it from her, and began to twine it in her hair. " I didn't expect to find it hare," he •aid, "and brought* fine plant of it frasa Nordf jord. We mutt take it home with us that you may have some for your bridal wreath." Sho made a little exclamation of doubt. " Why, Frithiof ? How long do you think it will go on flowering? " "For another month," he said taking her glowing face between his hands and stooping to kiss her. " Only a month 1" she faltered. "Surely that will be long enough to read the banns?" he said with a smile. "And you really ought not to keep the Lituuia waiting a day longer." THE END. "I THOUGHT I WOULD COME OCT TO EXrLORE .1 MTTI.E." 