TOPICS OF THE Listen to me, and if you speak me fair I'll tell you news, indifterent good to either. To-day the great battle for the representation of the Hawkesbury will be fought out, and though both sides are confident of success, the result is doubtful yet, Mr. Bowman has a steady and solid vote behind him, which will not desert him at the present crisis, and he relies to a large extent upon the outlying districts for his return. Mr. Rose is a man of special ability, a man who has studied politics, and who has developed into a very fluent and pleasing speaker. Ha has secured a Seal of sympathy, and the result of his recent contest at Argyle, where he was only defeated by 9 votes in a farming constituency, rather tells in his favour. But you never can tell till the numbers are up, and not until the returns are declared this evening will either side be able to congratulate itself on having scored a vtctory. The tocsin has sounded all over the country. The parliamentary candidate, in full war-paint, travels round the various electorates smoking the calumet of peace by way of conciliating his enemies, and endeavouring to induce the free and independent, by filling them up to the throat with tanglefoot, to take up their cross and follow him. The candidate travels night and day, and judging from the energy he throws into his work, there must must be something in being a Member of Parliament. " Father, who travels the road so late ?" " Hush my child, 'tis the candidate ; Fit example of human woes Early he comes and late he goes ; He greets the women with courtly grace, He kisses the baby's dirty lace ; He calls to the fence the farmer at work, He bores the merchant, he bores the clerk ; The blacksmith, while his anvil rings, He greets, and this is the song he sings : " Howdy, dowdy, howdy-do ! How is your wife, and how are you ? Ah , it fits my fist as no other can, The horny hand of the working man." " Husband, who is that man at the gate ?" " Hush, my love, 'tis the candidate," " Husband, why can't he work like you ? Has he got nothing at home to do ?" " My dear, whenever a man is down, No money at home, no money >n town, Too stupid to preach, too proud to beg, Too timid to rob, too lazy to dig, Then over his horse his legs he flings, And to the dear people this song he sings : " Howdy, dowdy, howdy-do ? How is your wife, and how are you ? Ah ! it fits my fist as no other can, The horny hand of the working man." Th6 aldermanic elections are over, and the result, locally, is satisfactory. I believe firmly that the gentlemen who have been selected by the ratepayers are the right ones, and it is gratifying to be able to make such a statement. It is a pity that a practical man like Mr. John T. Gosper should have come into collision with another like Mayor Mortley, because Mr. Gosper, although he is no speaker, would, doubtless, have been an acquisition to the Council. Mr. Alderman Ward is a hard-headed man, with progressive ideas, and should prove a very useful and energetic Council lor, whilst Mr. Dunstan, who was successful in North Ward, promises to do all that is expected of him-and that is, his duty. The bulk of the ratepayers in this ward have shown that they do not desire to be misrepresented, and for making the selection they did they are to be complimented. We want no nonentities in the Council, no shoddy, but genuine men, who go in for the sole purpose of benefitting the Borough. It is to be hoped that the nine, collectively, will endeavour to forge Windsor ahead, and so push it into the position of importance which it should occupy. Touching the municipal elections, one or two little anecdotes of polling day are worth repeating. It appears that one of the free and independent was followed up very closely for some days previous by the candidates, and in turn promised his vote to each. The result was that liquid re freshments were dealt out fto him with great liberality, and he lived during the whole time almost on suction. Polling day came, and one of the candidates went for him at an early hour to record his vote. He refused to poll until i o'clock, remarking that he always liked to be three-sheets in the wind before doing so. The candidates and their supporters spent money ply ing him with whiskey until after noon, and at length he consented to visit the polling booth. He went in and quietly struck off ALL the names on the ballot paper, returned to the crowd outside, and informed them what he had done, remarking that he could not conscientiously vote for anyone who attempted to bribe him with beer. Tab leaux. Another case was that of a voter who was in structed to strike out the top name on the ballot paper, and instead of doing so, simply erased the printed line, "Ballot Paper," leaving the names of the candidates completely untouched, rendering the vote informal, of course. It is said that one of the warmest supporters of a certain candidate lost the election for that gentleman through laying several wagers on the result. He made his bets with electors in the very Ward for which his favourite was standing, and with persons who had actually intended to vote for this particular can didate:. They, believing no doubt in the old saying, that " All is fair in love and war," voted for the opposition candidate, and thus won their wagers, leaving the layer disconsolate, and several pounds a poorer man. The medical and dentist fraternity of Sydney particularly thtj lattery-are looking rather more down in the mouth than usual, on account of the arrival of a women some weeks since who as monopolised the bulk of the tooth-extracting and general cure-all business. This remarkable person appears to be of French extraction, and is surrounded with such an array of magnificence in the shape of gilded carriages surmounted with neat brass bands, flunkeys, interpreters, high stspping horses-the whole caravan bedecked in in the " rings on their fingers and bells on their toes " style. She has got the unfortunate ailing ones from far and near so much by the wool, that | from the sale of her so- called " balm for every ill," she scoops considerably over one thousand pounds each week. Amazing tales are sent round as to the wondrous cures she effects, and the streets in the. neighbourhood of her quarters are crowded daily by almost thousands of all manner and conditions of men, women and children, many of whom come out of curiosity, but the bulk in the hope of receiving relief from the sufferings depicted on their countenances. Since the days when German Charlie started in the wholesale curing business at Riverstone, nothing has been heard of like this female ; but it is on the cards that the people are once more the victims of a quack whose only stock-in-trade is the possession of a superabundance of cheek. Of the geographical position of various places in this colony the ruling spirits of certain Sydney newspapers appear to be entirely ignorant, if I am to judge from a paragraph appearing in one issue of the STAR last week. It there refers to a deputation which interviewed the Minister for Mines " with reference to certain irregularities in connection with the WILBERFORCE COMMON AT RICHMOND." Of course the men who collect these items of news are not animated geographies, ( but they should at least make themselves conversant with the whereabouts of the towns and villages of the colony in which they get their bread and butter The NEWS last week referred to Mr. Young's proposed candidature for the Hawkesbury, and made the astounding statement that that gentleman had " no chance whatever of being returned for the Richmond," they having confused the name of the town close by us with that of the electorate of the same name in the; north. It is really refreshing to listen to two such men as Mr. Thomas Rose and Mr. j. Carruthers-two men of opposite views as far as the fiscal question, | but who are, nevertheless, a credit to Young Aus tralia. Both gentlemen are fluent speakers, and evidently deep thinkers and clear reasoners. and both should some day leave their mark upon the scroll of fame. Mr. Rose received a very fair hearing at the nomination, but Mr. Carruthers was not so courteously treated, for the idiotic interruptions of a lot of youthful politicians was sufficient to render his voice inaudible at first. But his brilliant argumentative powers and his eloquence eventually silenced even these youthful obstructionists, and he spoke for a considerable time uninterrupted. Both Mr. Rose and Mr. Car ruthers are well worth listening to by any man, no matter what his political opinions may ber a#d it is a pity that we in this district are not afforded more frequent opportunities for hearing such keen and cultured speakers. j SIR HENRY PARKES appears to be particularly fond of referring to his opponents as ancient and decrepit individuals, who have lived far beyond ^ their time, and who are nothing more nor less than ghosts of the buried past. Mr. Byrnes has been ; repeatedly described by him as a benevolent old gentleman, well-meaning enough, but decidedly behind the time, and one who must have been born centuries ago at least. Then Mr. J.J. Wright, of Queanbeyan, with his clerical tie, is referred to as ^missionary from some unknown land, who was lost in the dark ages, and wh6, having jusf emerged fro 6 the seclusion into which he had drifted has pounced upon the quiet stronghold of the O'Sulli van as a fit and proper place to seek rest and refuge. Mr. Luscombe, with his spread-eagle whiskers and his dried-up, tarantula-like appearance, Mr. Ly saght, and innumerable other political labourers, having in turn been charged with being aged men-almost as black a crime as that of being youthful-until it would appear, according to the Premier, that we have wandeing OAer the fertile lands of this southern continent a race of beings whooe inability to rest within the narrow limits of their tombs has caused them to rush into the ter moil and strife of a mortal existence again. Theodore Hook, that bright, improvident, and reckless genius, who in his day lived hard indeed; was accompanied in all his wanderings by a little rosy- faced individual, his tried friend aun wor shipper, named Hill. This gentleman was a mystery, for no one knew whence he came or when he came into the world; and it used to be said that if he really had been born after the legitimate fashion, the record of his birth must have been lost in the fire of London. Now, may not one of these worthy colonial gentlemen, carica tured so humorously by the Premier, be this iden tical follower of Theodore, who has seen fit to seek change of scene under the shade of our fair Aus tralian skies ? Such a thing is not beyond the region of possibility. By the way, this same Mr. Hill, the mysterious, may be recognised by readers of Theodore Hook as having furnished that novelist with the character of Hull in his popular work, " Gilbert Gurneyand the author of " Paul Pry " also saw fit to seize upon the same worthy man, umbrella and all, and create, after an intimate acquaintance with the original, a character of the most masterly and humorous description. Who knows, at some future date, when colonial novelists turn their hands towards creating works somewhat superior to the detest able trash which comes from their pens nowa days, but that these worthy and venerable Rip Van Winkles will figure conspicuously in the pages of fiction under an easily distinguishable pseudonym. Mr. Rose, on Monday evening, had a shot at Mr. Carruthers, and twitted that very able young man with being unable to deliver an extempore address. There is no doubt that some men have what is called the " gift of the gab," and are pre pared almost at a moment's notice to speak upon any imaginable subject; but Mr. Rose must. recollect that when he is twitting Mr. Carruthers, he is also casting a shaft at such men as the late William Bede Dalley and other prominent and eloquent men of the past. Mr, Dalley, as all who have followed his career know lull well, was most careful in the preparation of even the most trifling of his deliverances, and the result was that his language was of the most cultured character, and his speeches were pure poems in blank verse, The preparation of a speech is an evidence that the speaker desires to marshall his facts, and to put them before his hearers in a clear and in-' telligible form, and far from ridiculing Mr. Car - ruthers for " carrying a library with himr" I think he is to be commended for doing so, because he not only makes an assertion, but he produces his authority if that assertion should be questioned* Mr. Rose should not have shown a less generous^ spirit when speaking of Mr. Carruthers than that gentleman did when speaking of him. It is rumoured (so says a cable-" cram ") that the Ameer of Afghanistan has been defeated with heavy loss. Considering all the circumstances,, this must be Ameer fabrication, and nothing: more. Henry George, who has been persuaded tcr remain for some time in England to deliver a. number of addresses, is creating a great sensation^ and being everywhere received with immeasurable enthusiasm. The SxAit says r-" Mr. Georgfc strikes us as the only popular leader and thinker who is touched with the true apostolic fire, who satisfies one's eternal craving for principles instead of mere clever criticism of details, and who? unites an almost unequalled power of expositiotr of economic questions with something of the old prophetic power and impulsive. 1 The land for the people' is the sword with which to smfte pur chase schemes such as the Government are now? thurstirrg down our throats; all the rest is mere elegant fencing." In Scotland Mr. George's doctrines seem to have taken at stronger hold thaffi elsewhere in the United Kingdom, and there is ncr doubt at all that a great new body is in course of formation for the promulgation of his teaching? - which will embrace every portion of the old land lord blighted countries. In Germany the organisa tion, under the inspiration of Michael Flurschiem; a man who is almost as great a soldier of humanity as George himself, is developing wonderfully, and drawing into it the foremost thinkers and economists. An international conference wilt, probably be held during this year in America,, at which delegates from every part of the world will be present, so that an international basis of working may be agreed upon. When we find such able men as Reid, Wise, Can-others, Farrell',. Hebblewhite, and dozens of others quoting George and advocating his principles, we may fairly assume that the truth is growing, and I believe that at the next general election one of the great questions of the day will be land nationalization. Paddington landed 4 Freetraders-Jack Want, Alf Allen, John Shepperd, and King; " Jawbone " Neild, Allen, and 4 other Protectionists being fairly swamped. Mr. Want being away on a. holiday trip Sir John Robertson fought for him, and bravely too, as the Qashi Bazouk here topped the poll. At one of his meetings the chairman simply said " Gentlemen, you all know that Mr. Want is a d d good man on the sea, a d d good man on land and a d d good man in the Court, and a d d good man in the House, so you can't do better than elect him. That " fetched" the free and independent properly, but one man with a grievance rose and said.-'* His wantx' hask hif Mister Want is in favor hopenein' th" public ouses on Sundays in letting the poor wurrikin man get his beer." " Weil," replied the candidate's representative, " Mr. Want is in Japan just now, so you can d d well slip up there and ask himself. Three cheers for the Queen." 