To- IVIo rro w--A T raged y. . ' (Oonoluded,') Paul rushed forward. Luoy had fallen on the floor in a dead faint, her white face up turned, the holly slill in her hand. M Could she have heard what we were say ing outside 1" Paul exclaimed in dismay, as he knelt by her side, " 1 thought we spoke quite low," said his brother, almost equally aghast, his faoe pale and perturbed. " Tommy, run and fetoh your mother ?" They left Luoy in Mrs. Norton's oare.Paul only being induced to aofloirmanv WmkViow by his sister-in-law's repeated assurances that it was only a fainting fit, whioh she knew per teotly well how to manage. Mr. Norton's startling tale was true. There on the borders of the wood, partly screened by the bushea, the body of the stranger who had presented himself ao Mr. Boreslord at Hazelraead the day previous lay, stark and frozen, among the long, frosty grass. He had been Bhot through the heart, and on search being made, a pistol was found a few yards off-a pooUet derringer, email enough to be concealed in a lady'e hand, but carrying the deadly, large conical ball. Was thia awful deed suicide or murdar? There was no sign of a struggle, nor evidence apparant on a cursory examination to tell the tale. Mr, Norton notified the police, and on their arrival the body waa conveyed to o \8 of the outhouaoa, to await the inquest. No Jotters bearing any address or giving any oiuo to the deceased's fauiilv or renidnnpn were found upon him, inquiries made at the "Tiger," the nearest km to Hazelmead, olioitedthat the deceased had arrived thereon foot the day before) had partaken of refresh ment, apked tho way to Mr. Norton's and aaidhe would return to the inn to sleep ; but meanwhile before thia information reaohed Hazelmead, Paul Norton had returned to tho house, " is Miss Lucy better 1" wao hia firat eager inquiry, i Oh, yee," replied Mr?, Norton ; "it/was just a faint, Sho saya sho was feeling very ill thia morning, as, indeed, any one could boq', and aha waa etavtled, and afraid there waa something wrong when Hal sailed you out of the room, 3he ia much hotter BOW, and is ljinp on the dining-room sofa." Paul went to Lucy and bent ovev her With tendorest inquiries and expression o£ regretful feav that bis overheard conversation with his brother had given her a shook, ; ,i I cover thought you'd hear us," he Baid, flepieostinRly, "lamsorrj' I feinted and frightened you iv\l," she murmured. " But women ate weak ocefttares, j ou know," and her lips quivered suddenly into a strange smile, a pale gleam of (?liaotIy mirth. " Yos, wo'who are stVong must' bo careful of you tenderer plants j it is our place to guard and frhield you, Luoy, bow I would prizo thepiivilega of oberiabing you if you would give it to me I I love you even more when you aro pale and ill than in health and brightness," "Is this a time to talk of Jove when death is so nefcr ?'! " Love is no child's play j it is one of the earnest things of life-as true and real as death itself," he rejoined, gravely. , " Who taught you that j" "You [-it was you who have taught me what lova is." ' {3ho fixed h:r large gray eyes on him with a wild, despairing gaze, " I loader would you forget me II I were gone away forever ?" P nl's protestations wore out Bhort by Mrs, Norton's! appearance with a oup of strong i te^for Lucy. That evoning, aa Luoy sat with Mrs, and Misi Norton and Paul in the parlor, there wag a ring at the hall door, and on its being opened, a strange voica ?was audible in col loquy with tha servant-alraan'a voioe, rather low, with a peouliav resonant quality in its tone, Luoy glanced up with a violent start* Mra, Norton listened a moment, then went to the door, and called ; " What in it, Sarah ?" "A gentleman from London wants to speak to. the master, ma'am. I've shown him into the diuingroom," Mr, Norton went out. .. Paul looked at Luoy, "How you treinWe! You arc fueling worse ? 'ho asked, " 1'm norvous; the least thing startles ma," she answered, " You are ill, I am aura ; won't yoa go up etftira and lie down 1' ho urged, "I think t wiH|" ronrmur«d. " Let mo help you," he said, eagerly " loan on me." Jano Norton refrained from pressing hoy services, find left Paul to lend Luey his arm np the staira-a support not 00 necessary perhaps a3 ho thought it. Luay did not Bpeak until she reached her own door; then filio e.iid in a hollow voica : " Thank you-you are very kind to mo always. I don't think I'll oome down etaira again to-night." "No-don't; wo shall all misa you-but try to Bleep," ha said, tenderly. When Paul went down atairs, his brother, with a lighted lantern, was taking the visitor out by the back door. " They've gone to seethe body," said Mta, Norton, with the grave and awe- strioken ex pression which seemed unnatural on her fair fcpeb, comely face, «. "Who is it?'' asked Paul, " Ilia name ia Dashwood-and, Paul," lowering hor voice, "he's a polieeman in plain clothes from Hcotland Yaid," " From fJootland Yard ? Why, nurely there ia no time for them to have got a fel low down from there already, even if they telegraphed on the instant," (5 LI A. " No , it eeeraa he hasn't came about this .buainGBs; ho didn't know of the death. As far u« I can make out ho came on some errand about this very Mr. Bireaford, who, it appears, isn't Mr, JB^roaford at all ! Oh, dear I it makes in> head whirl to think of I I And ho asked i.bouc our household; and I Paul, seems curious about Lucy-aaked what I our governeea'u name was,and how long ahe'd 1 been with us, and seemed to wish to seo her. I feat we are getting tangled up in some mystery, Paul." «. Some dreadful mare's neat," ha rejoined, abruptly, but Jwinoing, "It is a deteotive's business to find mares' nests, 0£ course they mako enquiriea about all the members 0! a household when a tragedy like this hap pens. But Luoy is too ill to be troubled to night ; it would be simply oruel to disturb her. She wants rest; Fanny, you kind soul, let her have it." " I'd be the last one to worry her. No doubt it is n policeman's duty to ask all sorts of questions; but this is a dreadful affair 1" And Mrs. Norton began to weep. She went up to seo the invalid presently; and returning assured Paul that she hadn't been worrying her at all-only bathing her forehead and talking to her, and telling her to go to bed. Kxoited and disturbed, they kept late housa at Bazelmead that night. Paul was the last to go to his room, He tried to tread lightly as he passed the room wherein he imagined Lucy was sleeping; but his tiptoeing was wasted eare, lor as he rsaahed her door it opened softly, as if she had been watotiing for him. She stood on the threshold, still in her gray dress, her hair disordered, and her eyes dilated with a fixed intensity oi gaze. " I hoped you-were asleep," he said, look iDg at her with tender surprise and anxiety. " I shall so in be, But I thought I would Bay good-night to you, Paul." " My darling I" he whispered, and fondly and reverently kissed her. "Go to sleep, love, don't fret about anything, If there ia anything to trouble you, we'll talk it over to« morrow, I'll no^ keep you now." ». Good-eight," aha said, softly. " 'Sou have all been very kind to me. You shall know what my trouble is to-morrow." " Good-night, my darling; sleep well," he said. A strange smile lit up her face. " Yes, I shall sleep well," she replied, Tho silence of night rested like a pall on Hazelmead, Most of the Nortons, weary with tho exoitement of the day,slept soundly, but Paul was iceetlesf?. Towards daybreak, break, however, ho fell into a deep slumber* from which he was arouaed by a sudden con* sdauaneea of soma undefined horros and dread, whioh resolved itself into a sound of hysterical sobbing somewhere-a muffled murmur of horrified voices. Paul sprang up and dressed. "What new calamity had hap pened? He heard the words, "Keep the children in their rooms, and sand for tha dootor," and-what was that hia brother answered? "The doctor can ba of no uea here!' Here-where ? Paul rushed oai into the corridor; a moment took him to Lucy's room, Mrs. Norton atavted at sight of him, and inatioatively stretched her arms across tha door aa if to keep him back, Hief brother, pals and horror- stricken, stood by Luoy's bed, " What ia it ?" cried Paul, hoarsely. Mra. Norton Gould only answer by a flob. He broke past her like a madman; herushed to Lucy's side, looked down on her as she lay, vhite and xigid-the marble stillness, the livid hues of death on her faoe, Oao glanca was enough; it waa too true that no dooto? oould bo of any use here, Life had been ex tinct for hours. A email phial, empty, unlabeled, was found I under the pillow; on the table writing materials were eqattored about aa if lately J used, and among them lay a letter, the direotion uppermoai fo as to oatoh the eye. I It was addressed to Paul, and there, standing by hid dead love's aide, he read he? last words, " I told you that you should know all about W) to-morrow. 8J you will-no doubt ol that, The hounds will tell you all when thoy find that I have eaoaped them, I am hunted down at last, Thore is only one refuge left me, and they will not follow me there. I feel ao if I had always known thia hour would come; and I have kept something ready for it, as you will fiad to-morrow, I heard Dash wood's voice, and when he sees my faoe he will tell'you who I am; and he will gueaa what you have not suepeoted-that it waa I who ehot the man you saw aa Bereaford, He insulted and threatened me; 1 haa my little Amtrioan pistol with mo, and I shot him, Oh, Paul, have some meroy on ray memory 1 Pon't think me bad I You wouldn't if you only knew the.martyrdom in which I have ex* piated my past-the hopea I had of a better life 1 And this last deed ia no oriino. I have rid the world of one not fit to live. He had eo meroy on me, and i had none for him. He ?was the oursa of my life from firat to last, I owe him worse than death for the wreck and ruin be made of me. .'Believe the worst they tell you of me-ex. oepfc one thing. Of the worst onmo laid to my charge I am innocent. Of the murder in which. I waa accused of complicity four yeara ago X am as innooent as little Amy; but who would believe jt of a woman who ha8 led my life? I was acquittedpbut few really thought me innoeeAt 1 1 say again that I am nnooent of that. You've seen the ohildren with mo. Don't you think their white souls would have felt it, if that bad been true ? My hauda were olean of blood-guiltineaa-until last nicht. " I couldn't bear the children to be near me to-flay-itieeometl otiango they didn't shrink away. I know I shall oeo tham again, I mignt have brazened this out an I havo otheif erisoa neatly bb bad, but einoe I've Ijaown you I have been changed. 1 havo felt as I uaed to feel whoa Iwaa an innooent girl. I might have been a good woman if I'd known you earlier, nnd had your loye to lean upon, "Asit ia you have had a luoKy escape; etill, a better woman could not love you more than I do. " Now, good-by. Try to forgive and for* get me« X never would have wronged you, but you me well rid o£ me, Do not tnink ot mo as Jjydia Walbrook I I left that hated name, that nccureed lifa behind when I came hero. Tnink of me only as the woman who loved you better than th^ life she i* glad to leave-nevermore Lydia I only your lost "Lucx,"' Years passed away. At Ilazelmead Paol'a painting-room waa shut up i the dust gath ered on the deserted easel and old portfolios, and on the one picture which remained there, with ita faoe turned to the wall. Home had been sweet to hira once, bat now it WRB homo no more, When ha was there, the bitter waters of memory went over him; he could not bear the asaooiatiGna that filled the place, Evory corner was haunted by theimagpof the woman he had thought ao good and pure, who waa a sin stained waif and atray; notorious -for it was but a few years since the name of Lydia Wftlbroolt had been on evory man's lips in a yet unforgotlen criminal oaso. lie never spoke of the blow that crushed hia heart, but the mainspring of hia life wao broken. All hit] Rsaooiatea found hira a nhnnfful mfiTi. His faw iutimatnfi naid among themaelvea that Norton had under gone eorno terrible experience, and would never be the same again, IIo tried to devote himself to bis art, but hia nature waa too emotional for art and ambition to fill the place of love. Suoeeaa waa ae 1) jad Hea fruit so him ; and against failure, when it came, he had no talisman of home love and faith to i comfort him, Ho had Bent hia hopes, hia I faith, his very heart of hfe, to sea in one I frail veenel that had gone down with all on board. And so years rolled away, and as 1 laat illnesa fltruok him down; his failing I band had to lay the brush aside ; and thee, 1 weak gad lonely, he thought oi the old home flnd of biB oarly days; then the tendeif memories of old overflowed in the bitterness of the late* past; and then he went back to Hazelmead, aa they besought bim to return and be cared for by bis own people-went baolr, aa they all saw, ne?er to leave it more. It was bia taney to have hia old den arranged as hia sleeping-room c Aa be gave instruc tions for the moving of the furniture, bid eye dwelt on the picture leaning with its faoa to the wall, just aa he had turned it years ago when he wont away. "Leave it," be said. "Don't touch it; let it be as it has been 1" So, in that room, filled with aad memories, he lay and waited for death ; and who shall say what ghosts haunted bim 1 Were they all dark shadows of the tragedy and horroe of the past?-or did softer visions mingle with them, of the tender dreams and golden hopes that onco were bia ?-did be recall the sweet hours ha had passod here before the blaok and bitter seas went over hiB soul ? Often he lay and gazed at the corner wherein the nnframed canvas leaned against the wall, the dust gathering on the faoe that was turned away-hidden- yet not as the faos, whose silent imago it was, waa hidden in the grave-mould, beneath the coffin-lid. And one day, when all knew the end must be near, he pointed to the picture and said; " Turn It-set it were I oan gee her," And hia sister turned it, and swept away the veiling dust, and he saw again the aweet pale face, in its frame of golden hair, the lips of soft and subtle curve, the dreamy eyea that told no tale of tragedy,for hia hand had not pourtrayed, because his eye had not re* oogniaed,the blaok shadow of her life. And g azing at the portrait, hia lips were unsealed, and he talked of her as he had dona for years-spoke, not of her aina and suf* ferings, but recalling trivial incidents and memories of their happy days. That night, as they watobed by him, they knew hia days were numbered. He had sunk into an un consciousness that waa rather stupor than sleep. At dawn he stirred, opened hia eyes, and bade them draw up the ourtaina and lot in the light, The ohilly light of early morn' ing fell on the portrait. He raised himself, {..supported in bis brother's arms, and with a 1 strange, wild fixity, hia eyes grew to the pio j ture hia hand had painted, He ppoko in e J voice to which the old ring of strength j seemed magioaily restored. " Whore am I going-and where ia she 1 Lost-lost-where avo the lost EOUIs ?" " Paul-Paul I" bia brother replied, witk solemn emotion, "it ia not for us to Bay, Tha meroy of God ia infinite I" The dews of death were on Paul Norton'i brow, bia voice grew hoarse and hollow, &( he asked with terrible earnestness: "Is my poor love lost? No, no-ito&nnol; be. Somewhere we shall meet, She aaid- to« morrow." Then suddenly eyas hia lit up with a flash of wild and rapturous recognition as he exclaimed: ''Not lost!-not lost I Ah, e.'e I she smiles I Yes, to-morrow, Luoy, to. morrow !." That look of strange, unearthly rapture was on hid faoe aa be died; and, was it only bia delusion or did Lvioy eraile in* deed? 