FREE-TRADE-CUM-LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. , A Its Annual Meeting. Firebrand Among Them. Be Telia Some Wholesome Truths— ; And Gets Frowned Down. \ ' The annual . mooting of the Free-trade Liberal ' Association was held last night in Tattersall's Buildings. There were about 40 persons present.., Tho' president was in me cnair.- . , The Chairman explained that the object of the mooting was to witness tho obsequies of the old Freo-trado Association — (tears) — and take part in the birth of tho new one. (More tears.) ..Tho original association was established for a purely educational purpose — (laughter) — but as it had mixed itself up in politicsit was now desiredextend to itsuse fulness, , give it a new name, and attempt to galvanise some energy into tlio economic doctrines which it proteased. He regretted the' small attendance. (Commiseration). Tlio secretary then dashed oil' several reams of a .report. Tho gradual dwindling of tho majority in the Assembly was de plored. Tho country districts liad largely sent in Protectionists. By way of revenge, however, the local schools of arts liad been deluged with literature, which had been found of consider able value in .the winter months, particularly whore matches were scarce. As a further means of vengeance the secretary was now writing a Free-trade article, which was being published simultaneously hy 45 country newspapers. (Groans of sympathy.) The precise lunacy statistics liad not since been ascertained. (Cheers.) Tho Treasurer read the balance- sheet. He regretted that the Association was L2U0 or LBU0 in debt. (Oil !) Ho hoped that subscriptions to cover tlio amount would ho sent in. (Laughter.) The report and balance-sheet were adopted." As the President had signified that he had no time to devote to a dying cause, Dr. Gamin was elected in liis place. Several members were proposed as vice- president. Among them was the name of Sir John Robertson. It appeared that Sir John's consent had not been obtained. Mr. Foxall said that in ono of tlio daily papers it liad been objected that Sir John Robert son, having retired from politics, and tlio public having handsomely recouped liiin, should not now force himself to tlio front. He agreed with that objection. (Hear, hear.) Several members concurred. Sir John's niune was then withdrawn, and tho following goiitleinen wore thou elected as vice-presidents : — Messrs. Burdekiu,M.L.A., Gillespie, Hudson, and Goodlet. After evorybody had been elected a mem ber of the council, Mr. Johnson moved — "That, inasmuch as anomalies exist in the tariff inconsistent with Frco-trndo principles, this association desirC3 to urge on the Government the neces sity of carrrying out its pledges given at the hustings, to establish Free-trade in the colony by removing nil Protective and anomalous duties." As they all agreed with that ho would not discuss it. (Cheers.)' Mr. Hogaktii said that he was going to Bpeak his mind, no matter what might ho said hy that Sairey Gamp of journalism — that paper which was gradually turning round and going to Protection. (A Voice : Which is it? and groans). Ho referred to tho Daily Teleghai'h. (Laughter.) Ho was dissatisfied with,. . the Freo-trado move ment, aild if what he had to say gave olfence they could strike his name o!f the council of the association if they liked. (Cheers. ) j. hey. had been losing ground for some time. — thear, lioar) — and as an association they liad been negligent regarding a Government which had persistently perpetrated Protec tive principles. (Oh. ) The association had assisted a party which liad constantly be trayed their principles. (Several members frowned severely at the speaker.) Tliat party professed Free-trade. (Laughter.) : But their true colors liad ' not been kept _ Hying — (hear, . hear) — and- the association should have withdrawn its support from such a combination. (Cuoers.) 1 In 1877 tliev were uiven the pledge that the Hag of Free-trade should ho planted oil every hustings, and a majority of o was sent in to hack-. the pledge up. tHcar, hear.) But when they found that tnat flag had not been planted, and tiiat their best principles had been betrayed by., a worn-out , propagator of these doctrines, it was time that , uiey spoko out. It was tlio clear duty of tlie Government to establish true Free-trade. Sir Homy Parkoshad declared that, it was impolitic that rcvcuuo should be obtained from improper sources, mid . ho . should have . kept true to his professions and altered tho incidcuco of taxation. -There ' was a reaction in favor of Protection — (hear, hear) — and the constituencies, had becom'o disgusted with the supporters of tlio Free-trado party. ' They would rather havo lione'st . Protection ; than dishonest Free- tfttde. . . (Cheei'H. ) But their representatives had fallen from the truo principles, and it was due to . tlio association that it was so. (Hear, hear, no, no, and disorder.) At the Redfern election the association had violated its "Free- trade principles by supporting a candidate who professed his readiness to vote for locomotives being made in the colony. (Disorder.) -There were men . who had Becurcd the omission of their own article from the tariff, and that was all they cared for Free-trade. (Cheers.) Tliey no more cared for it than they cared who made tho bedclothes of the liiama ghost. (Laughter and uproar.) Q'lio true principles of their policy liad been smothered, vilely, falsely murdered — (sensation) — not by Protection, but by friends — kind, ali'ectioiiato, depraved, political blusterers — (tremendous frowning) — wlio walked about the country and did nothing to help them. (Disorder and inter ruption.) , Ho seconded tlio resolution. (Ironical laughter. ) Mr. Bevuridgu would like to know if the resolutions were carried what tliey would do? Supposing thay removed these duties, how could the Government he carried on? Would they remove the duties on kerosene'? (Yes, and no), on bacon, and on candles? Would tliey,. remove it on English beer. (Many cries of Yes, and grcut cheering). Nearly three-quarters of a million was ob tained from tlieso and other items, and were they to sacrifice that revenuo at such a time. (Cheers). What wero tliey pre pared to givo as a substitute? And were tliey to interfere with tiie vested inter ests which tlio present tariff had created ? (Hear, hear, and dissent. ) Ho could see iio good in passing such a bald resolution. Several speakers Baid that tlio fears of the spread of Protection liad only too sound u foundation. Protection was unquestionably coming. (Hoar, hear.) Mr. Polsfoiid suggested as an amendment — " That this meeting expresses its hope that tlio Government will not fail to carry out its pledges of tariff reform at the earliest possihlo moment." Ho implored Mr. Johnson to withdraw his resolution in favor of that. (No, and Hear, hear.) Tliey must not embarrass the Government. (Laughter. ) Mr. Johnson would liko to know what Mr. Pulsford was giving him. Several Memijeus : Are you going to aeeopt it? Mr. Johnson: No. Mr. Wise implored him to. (Cheers and laugh tor. ) If lie didn't tliey would be play ing into the hands of their enemies. (Laugii- tpr. ) . ' Mr. Hogarth roso to speak. Tho Chairman : You havo spoken already. Mr. Hooartii : But I want to explain. (Laughter,) Tl'o Chairman : You can't explain now. (01) ! and moro laughter. ) Miy Hogautii : I!ll take the sense of the meolinir. (Uuroar.) Tlio Chairman : Well, you can move ti resolution and I'll leave -the chair. (Hear, hear, and disorder.) A Member (to Mr. Hogarth) : Oh, stow it ; it's getting late. (Hear,' hear.) Another Member : It's past 10. I want to catch a boat. (Cheers.) Mr. Hogarth: All right, I'll givo in. (Renewed cheers.) The amendment was. then accopted, and votes of thaiiks to the retiring president and the secretary closed tlio . meeting. 