PABTOR WHITE'S LECTURES, 6a, — I was pleaso l to find iu your issue 1 a paragraph under tbe above heading, and regretted that the extension thereof was not more than the 11 eight inches' of matter, and should like to inform 'C.T.O.' that historical facts ciinot be called false as hnnroT'el- ilnnlAHAimt theV mav be. We wish they were sometimes, but cannot make them false, although neither can they be said to form a tirade of abuse, for they are facts. The members of any Church whose name may be blackened might have accused the worthy gentleman of such had he brought forth anything original, but be is too sage for this. More over, too, his youthful days of buoyant fancy are gone, if they were ever present with him, and now he busies himself only original imagination exists. Who ever knew an historical fact, however true and well authenticated, not to be questioned when it revealed deeds over which we shudder nnd would like to throw the mantle of oblivion? Was there ever' dearth of teachers, too, who would not rise up 'and say these are not facts, they are only 'fragmentary imaginations' dressed in the wornout garb of ' threadbare theories.' But the facts stand immovable like so many borrid ghosts, and we read | and are horrified, and sooth to say, tbat although the great 'meteoric' glare bas gone, its brilliancy being dimmed by tbe distance of time between the deed of action and now, yet there is the unpleasant wake of historical fact which has followed in the, all these historical records, some say. No, no, others reply let them eiist, aud take warning. Yes, take warning. Let them, as history should, be useful to us. But apart from this, sir, I think by the pro minence you have given these lectures truly 'so-called,' you have given many of your readers matter for consideration and thought. That they command a wide at gentleman's writings belong to and are for a larger circle than Launceston. This gentleman speaks to a large section of Tas mania^ population. I feel glad tbat you in the course of your wide experience have learned as much. I cannot vouch for the number at the lecture, and therefore cannot say what number was there, whether 10 or what multiple, and here I would not like to indulge in 'fragmentary imagination' or ' originality.' That any of your readers bad to wait for matter of more importance I unhesitatingly deny, knowing that your business qualities and laudable desire to give us all the tidings of to-day would not suffer this. There is much to be regretted in tbe indifference displayed by the Pro testant section of this colony to the ordeals Christianity underwent before it emerged into the full strength of Protestantism, and it redounds to the credit of those historical lecturere and publishers of in formation who stir up tbe apathetic and thoughtless to action, so that they may avoid the quicksands and periiB tbat history teaches us to avoid. There need be no arousing of doctrinal jealousies from such teachings. We cannot have religious animosities 'C.T.O.' You know religion is from above, and animosity from below. You seem rather original and imaginative here ! I feel proud that we have a paper ! that can find space in its columns for such - reading. And sir, I have to thank you for the stand you are taking in the social questions of ths day — such as Bunday trains and local option. It would encouraging to you to hear the high character given to the Daily Telegraph on , all sides along the North-west Coast. We feel thankful that in your paper we have ' no weather cock— which is something in I these degenerate political swimming times. I Trusting your paper will go on invading | many more Tasmanian fire sides. — Yours, etc., Dbum Clog. 