THE CURLEW CLUB. PRESIDENT'S INVITATION SMOKE NIGHT. A Nw departure was made on Thurs day, 21st inst., when the President of the Curlews entertained his fellow members in the Fitzroy Town iall. The event was intended, we believe, to mark the recent action of the bo ly in their hearty expressions of good will at the nuptials of their chief, and the large attendance at the club rooms testified to the appreciation in which SMr. Davies is held by Curlews. The hall was filled, and amongst the guests were his Worship the Mayor, and nearly all of the councillors, the com mander and several officers of the "Ozone," as well as representatives from neighboring municipalities. The programme was a very good one, though as was remarked by one of the speakers daring the evening, the high excellence of the ordinary programme run. ders it very difficult to make one strikingly superior. Mr. R. Wt. Best, vice- president, took the opportunity of a hill to propose the toast of the evening- that of the President. He referred to tle fact that Mr. Davies had for .fite successive years been elected to the pptition enopposed. This in itself spoke es for the ea m in which o me The club usder his pies: es ship-h a'rliad wonderful strides, until in membership, in the sociability of its gather ings, and in the general excellence of its entertainments, it now occupied the premier position amongst its metropolitan cempeti tore. This was most satisfactory to the Curlews, and he hoped that the progress of the club would continue unabated. The recent marriage of their chief had afforded the members an opportunity of showing their regard for him, and the memento, so spontaneously contributed by them, which he had the pleasure of handing to Mr. Davies's bride on her wedding day, was, he could assure them, highly valued. He did not need, te said, to commend the toast further to them, for hewas sure it would be drunk in humpers-in which he was not mistaken, for it was drunk right royally, acconpanied with musical honors and with cheens for Mr. Davies and one cheer mors for his bridle. Mr. Davies thanked the members and Mr. Best most cordially for this latest mark of their kindness. He ralued it very highly, and would endeavour to do his utmost to show that he had the club's interest at heart. He felt that hic had been in many waysmorn than repaid for any little rervic that le, as president, might have heen to them, and his connection with the club had been most pleasurable to him. For the progress of the .tub, which had indeed been most gratifying, they had to a very large extent to thank the energetic secretary and committee, who spared no pains in the carrying out of their arduous duties. He had to sincerely thank them for the way in which they had lightened his duties, and for the support at all times accorded him as president. He hoped that he would long be able to enjoy the very pleasant evenings which heralded each month, and could assure them that he would be only too happy to further the interests of the club in any way within his plwer. He again thanked the members for their kindness to himself and Mrs. Davies, who .was desirous that they should know that she appreciated their consideration very greatly indeed. His remarks were concluded amidst loud applause. A feature of the evening's cntertainment was the dishplay of the scenery just com pleted by Messrs. Henaings and Edmunds to the order of the City Council. Of this, the street, garden and rampart scenes were oIG in .ielf o gm---i?ofi' of excz . In this instance the thoroughly a. l2e 7asd classical character of the work secured the hearty applause of the audience. The Roman stresm, scene shows Mr. Honnin~gs' skill in are!hitectural effects, and his perfect mastery of the classical. The garden scene is similar in character, and the sky a marvel of soft Oeciness. The rampart scene immediately engages the attention of the cursory onlooker, and draws forth the entlhu.iastic eulogies of the Shakesperias student. In all its details it is abs-olutely correct, and could only have been painted by one who had an intimate knowledge of Slakespeare's mastorpiece, as well as a com plete command over the brush. Uttered in front of such a scene, the words of Hamlet and his father's ghost have an additional force, for the eye as well as the ear tells of the time when the faint dawn of the approach ing day warns the perturbed spirit that with it lie will once more be onnned to fast in tres Tillt toohe ol ciLes done in hIs a?ay of nature Are burnt and PuOged eas. There are six scenes by Mr. Edmunds Drawing room, wood, Gothic chamber, priseon. horizon s:d kitchen scenes. Of these tim onely allowed of three being set ol this moasion. the drawing room scene is one which harmoniaes well with modern appoint meets, and yet with equal effect may he used for a mcdieval play. It is a fnloe pice of work and a most useful scene. The wood, or forest scene called forth unanimous praise, and is certainly equal to anything of its kind which we have seen on the Mel bourne stage. Set in extent, and supported by splendidly executed wood wings, the whole formed a charming picture, soft but perfectly distinct, the effect of atmosphere and perspective being very fine indeed. The prison seene is characterised by appropriate solidity and sombreness, and the kitchen scene is amusingly correctin its details. The Gothic clhamber is a splendid bit of artistic work, rich in color and tone, and though not shown on Thursday evening it is certain to commend itself. The horizon painted on the rear wall of the stage is a cleverly exe cuted and most useful scene, and serves to complete the stage equipment. Besides tho scenes mentioned above there are of course various accessories in the shape of borders, proasceniom wings, flies, etc., which are all esesential to the seal effect but which need ever, was most satisfactory may be judged trom the fact that aIr. Benniogs and Mr. Edmunds each received a call, and well merited applause. The Mayor, Cr. W. S. Gadd, with a ready perception of the appropriate, immediately seized the opportunity to propose the health sf the artists, and in doing so complimented them very warmly on the high character of the work just completed. It was very grati fying to himself and to the councillors to find that the contract for the execution of the scenery had been carried out in so thoroughly artistic a manner as to add greatly to the attractiveness of the hall. He thanked Messrs. Hennings and Edmunds for their conscientious work, and theCurlews for the assistancerendered in its supervision. The Council was largely indebted to the club for its asuggestions and for recommend ing that the tender of such artists as Messrs. Hennings and Ednmnds he accepted. He consilered that every one concerned shoold he highly gratified at the most satisfactory result. The toast was accorded musical honors, and in response to loud calls Mr. Henisings said that it was cexedingly pleasing to an artist to find his work so appreciated, and he thanked them from his heart for their kind expressions of praise. He would leave Mr. Edmunds to further thank them. Mr. F.dmunds said he was indeed pleased at the very hearty applause with which the toast had been received, and at the generous praseotestowcedeothe scenery. Tooe work lad been a very pleasant one, and in its execut'on they had been materially assisted by the many kindnesses of members of the Curlew Club. He world always be ratofull to them for the consideration shown him, and if at any time he could render any easistance to the club his services would be at their disposal. (Cheers.) These proceedings were pleasingly diversi fled with musical and dramatic contributions from the performing members of the club, the Roscians, and members of other clube, which were given with the nest, and attention to detail which is characteristic of ali things Curlewian. Of the two numhbers given by the Curlew Orheshtra, the waltz, '" Waves of the Danube," was the beht. In it the Orchestra excelled themselves. The "Baby's Sweetheart," and "Souvenir de Tyrol" was also very good. Mr. P. Joseph sang "Speed on," with his customary success, and the Curlew Quartette Party acquitted themselves of part songe, "A Soldier's Love," and "If Doughty deeds.' Their second numbers, " Hark the drum." and "When sound aleepeth," met with hearty appreciation. '"Let me like a soldier fall," by Mr. Altman, evoked the applause that favorite number alway's does when well sung and "The village hero," by Mr Matloc, was encored. "The old log cabin in the dell," given in response. Mr. Watkins had also to respond to an encore for his comi song " Many a time," and gave oa veraion of " Gone for ever," which took his audience well. "The old sexton" was well sng by Mr. Perkins, and Mr. T.E. Jones gave every satisfaction in " Here upon my vessel's deck." Ben" wag splendidly sang by fr. W writ. There were two recitation ae Yarn" by %fr. A. and " The Wreck of t Puffin," by Mr. Will Elder. the Roucian . and the new scene the realistid element formerly lac Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, M Duggan, made a very favorable time, while Mr. Hector E Hall, as ghost of the melancholy Dane's sire. " hoasel'do disappointed, unanel'd," made "th very witching time of night, when church yards yawn," realisable to the social crowd before himn. Horatio. Mr. A. G. Stach, and Mr. Jas. Dawbarn, Marcellus, gave a satia account of themselves in their respective parts. The evening was one of unqualified pleacre, and the proof of mutual good will between President and Club, furnished by the President's invitation night is an encouraging sign of the progress of social kinliness twixt them. 