THE LIBYAN AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. BOOK II. Chapter IX—"I Have No Superior but Christ " (continued). Tbe philosophy of Arius struck many as a novel thing. To some of them it Beemed to be a rational and beautiful solution of problems which they had pondered lung and regarded as insoluble, and bad abandoned in despair. To none of them did it seem to be at all tainted with heresy. But AthanaBius had a definite end in view, which closed his ears to any statement the preBbyter might make, although he waited courteously until Arius bad concluded his re marks, and then exclaimed, " Hast thou not taught that the Son of God was created out of thinga not existing ?" "Never," said Arius, "Thou knowest I have taught He was not ' created' at all, but \- begotten' conceived,' not made." "Hast thou not taught that there was a time when the Son was not ?" "Nay, verily! The word-time' is thine own, not mine. But I have said 'God was when He waB not.' I have said that ' before He was begotten He was not.' Else how conld God beget Him ? But it was in the beginning, before 'time' was." "Hast thon not taught that the Father was superior to the Son, and the Son inferior to the Father?" '-'Nay, verily! I cannot conceive of the words 'superior' and 'inferior' as applicable O Athanasius, thou or thy friends, and furnish a definition of the Trinity that does not deny the separate existence of the Son; nor imply identity of person in Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; or which does not set up three distinct, co-equal Gods, or which does not degrade the Son to the condition of a created Being, made, not begotten, except the definition which I quoted from the philosophy of Am-nem hat the martyr, aud have adopted as mine own, announce thou now, or when thou wilt, such a definition of the Trinity, and if I can at all comprehend it I will follow thee to death, if need be, in defence thereof; for lo! these many years have I sought for such a defi nition, and found it not, except in Am-nem hat's profound aphorhm that the true and only idea of Trinity subsisteth in family—Father, Mother, Son; the Father- GhoBt and Christ!" Then answered" Athanasius — " Verily I would not dare to utter a formula of faith upon so high a theme in any hasty or incon siderate manner. So for the present let that question rest, and I doubt not that the learned bishops who defend the deity of Christ will soon frame out of the Scriptures a definition of the Catholic faith which shall both satisfy all orthodox souls and bring thine own God-dis honoring heresies to light" "If it come out of the Scriptures, friend Athanasius, they must omit therefrom thy newly coined word 'Catholic,' for that word is not scriptural, nor is the idea which thou signifiest by it therein. The Scriptures speak not of the 'Catholic' Church at all, but of 'the common church,' 'the common faith,' 'the common salvation,' 'the common hope,' 'the common Saviour;' and thou well knoweBt that ' common' pertaineth only to the common or communal organisation of Christ's kingdom. Yet -perhaps it is natural that one so young, so beautiful, so gifted aB thou art Bhould prefer the imperial and aristocratic designation which hath been recently adopted, in the Western Empire, and despise the plebeian, scriptural name ' common' or 'communal;' for two Christians might both belong to thy • Catholic' Church, while one of them might be a prince and the others pauper; but the two Christians who belong to the primitive 'common' church must be brethren, equal, free, fraternal; and the difference, friend Athanasius, between 'common' (Koinos) and 'catholic' (Rataholos) is justthedifference between the Christian Church and that of Constantine. I know not what the martyrs would have said of it, nor what the steadfast confessors here present may think of it, but I prefer the ancient, scriptural term ' common,' •communal,' 'communistic' church,of which Jesus Christ only is King and in which all men are brethren, to the new ' Catholic' estab lishment which has come in with our unbap tised Emperor." There waB not a confessor present but what would have applauded these bold and truthful sentimentB, the force of which we can at this day with difficulty realise; but Constantine bit hiB lip to restrain a terrible oath, and his face darkened ominously as he glared upon the audacious presbyter, HoBius, Marcellu3, Alexander, and others of the same party, seemed to have been Btricken dumb by the clear, incisive, fearless, and uncompromising declarations of Arius, Only Athanasius seemed to preserve his marvellous self posses sion, and laughed musically, while, in order to distract attention from the dangerous question which the old heretic ssemed determined to bring up at every possible turn of the dis cussion, he cried aloud, " Bat hast thou not commonly taught that the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are three and not one God, and thereby made thy heresy assume the complexion of polytheism ? Hast thou not done that ?" "I have taught," answered Arius, "and I think that the Scriptures teach, that the three are not one person, but three persons, and that the Trinity is one family, in likeness whereof man was created. Eve, the first mother, was not created out of things not existing, but she proceeded out of the first man's side; not above him,.notbelcw him—equal with him, bone of hiB bone, fieBh of his fiesh; and the first human son was born of them. This to my mind in some way typifies the Divine family, except that the idea of oreation applies not to it. This I have stated as mine own conception of the matter, not as an article of faith. If thou knowest any better idea, Btate it plainly, I pray thee.. I am not yet too old to learn." Then said Athanasius, triumphantly, "I supposed, indeed, that God would presently lay bare thy heresy; for thou dost deny the express words of Scripture that these three are one; and thus thou art convieted!" Once more the dangerouB light gleamed in the old man'B.Bombre eyes, ana that nervous twitching, which his enemies likened to the wriggling of a serpent, passed over him; but he.' controlled himself wonderfully, and calmly enough enquired, "What scripture, then? Wilt thou read it, or tell us in what plaoe it may be found?" Then said AthanaBius—" I read from the first letter of John aB fellows:—'For there are three that bear record iri heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one, And there are three that bear witness in earth, the sjpirit, and the water, and the Uoed: and these three agree in one' How then sayest thou that the Father, the Word, and the Holy GboBt are not one, in the very teeth of the Scriptures, 0 thou subtle heretic?" The reading of this scripture produced a profound sensation in the council. Many turned to their copy of John's letter to read the words for themselves, the greater number using the new and beautiful manuscripts which the munificent liberality of the Emperor had caused to be transcribed and distributed amoDg the bishops some time before; but many also had ancient copies written in the uncial text. But AriuB said unto AthanaBius, "Wilt thou give to me thy book ?" And AtbanasiuB sent it to him by one of the pages in attendance. The grim old presbyter received the parchment, and looked at it, and handled it, and turned it over and. over in his hands with a strange, sarcastic smile, and then said in that peculiar, sibilant tone which cut and tingled like a serpent's hiss, " I perceive, brethren, that thiB beautiful manuscript is one of those copies which hath been BUDplied to many bishopB and presbyters by the "zeal and benevolence of our most Christian, but unbap tised, Emperor; and the book is beautifully written in the new, running Greek text which hath lately come into use. I have but one objection to it, brethren; and the objection is, that the word3 'in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one. And there arc three that bear witness in earth'—these words were never written by John, but by some one else; they have been added to the text withiu the last ten years! " And then the tall form reared itself to the full height of its gigantic Btature; the long, thin right hand swayed to and fro with a Btrarge rhythmic motion, the huge, rough, noble head seemed to., start forward upon the long, bony neck, as.a cobra throats it forward; tbe strange, mesmeric light burned in the sombre eyes, and, fastening his gaze fall upon the Emperor, he cried out in tones that rang through every corner and crevice of the vast hall, shrill incisive, penetrating—"Tnese words are forgeries—every one of them! What John wrote was this—' For there are three that bear record. the spirit, the water, an the blood: and these three agree in one.'" The effect was electrical. Many trembled for the bold and eloquent man whose word3 and manner seemed to charge upon the Emperor.himself the guilt of sacrilege in forg ing the sacred writings; although perhaps none doubted that tbe words were forged. But Athanasius gazed upon him haughtily and de manded—"Who art thou, madman, that do3t so boldly assail the genuineness of a Scripture that suiteth not with thy notorious heresy? Kow knowest thou that the words were never written by John ?" ., The presbvter'a fierce excitement had almost immediately faded away and he quietly answered—" Brethren, I know that the words are. forgeries because the rank 8abellianism which they teach is contrary to John's spirit and would better suit the views of certain persons who deBire to confound the Son with, the Father in order to abolish the sovereignty of Christ over his earthly king dom by placing Borne one else in his rightful place. Secondly, because ye cannot find the words in aDy copy written in the uncial text before the recent, running Greek text came into common use. Ye have many nnical copies here: see whether any of them contain the words. Thirdly, because more than thirty years ago the learned martyr Am-nem-hat, in onr city of Alexandria, bad in his possession the original letter o' John j" and, with tremu lous and mournful cadence that brought tears into the eyeB of all who knew his history, he continued—" Am-nem-hat abode in the house of his great grand-niece, the holy, the beauti ful, the martyred Theckla. This blessed virgin did carefully copy the letter upon vellum, and sent it to Anticch as a gift even unto me by the hands of Bishop Peter," Taking the book from a cedar box on the seat beside him, he con tinued—"Here is the copy of John's letter, written by the hand of one martyr under the supervision of another, and delivered by a third martyr unto me, that am ready to follow thsm upon the glorious way whenever God so will. Search and see whether ye can find these forged words in this thrice sacred book." A moment of profound silence followed. Constantiue, Athanasius, Hosins, and all of their faction perceived that this assault also had not only failed, hut had left the powerful heretic in full possession of the field of battle; and at a sign frcm the Emperor the bishops immediately adjourned the council until the following day, (To le continued.) 