TTXI T TTJ f TTf 't TTtf TO T/« A Visit to the Grand Chrysan themum Show. ' You have come at last, ' said my old friend Placid to ine last week. ' I'm bothered out of my life with these chrysanthemums ; everyone seems to have the first prize, and I have been waiting for you ' to give me feome information about the various kinds. Here you see large flowered Japanese, Anemone flowered, Pompone, and goodness knows what all. ?lllcjt ail eeuiii \aj iijc lu uu uiiacu. \l\\-. \jtui. vuu r,*yta.iu. the 'difference ? Now, I know the word Chrysanthe mum must be derived from two Greek words, XpvooQ (golden) and dvQeuov (flowers) ; but here are flowers of all sorts of colours, white, golden, red, maroon, striped, bufi, and others; this, therefore, feeuis to be a misnomer?' ' Oh, who cares about the derivation of the name,' says 1 : 'everyone knows they are chrysanthemums, and that ought to be enough. It you come gardening, don't bother your head about derivations and such rubbish, and worry other people about them ; I suppose the flowers originally introduced were yellow-coloured, hence the name. Chrysanthemum Sinense was first introduced into Europe by a French merchant named Blanchard in 1730, and in 1826 an amateur of Toulouse named Barnet raised the first seedlings; and in the same year. Fortune brought to England from China a variety called Indicum. These varieties were mixed and muddled up together, and crossed and re crossed, the results being the wonderful colours you sec, and which appear to have, muddled you up. The late John Salter, a celebrated , raiser of varieties of chrysanthemums,, 'estimated that seedling chry santhemums worth .naming,, averaged 1 in every 2000 plants, or one- twentieth per cent' Now Mr. Placid, as you are so exact with your Greek, I will give you something to put in your pipe and smoke. The incurved or ranunculus-flowered varieties have their florets strap-shaped and curving inwards. The recurved or reflpxed-flowers have also their florets strap -shaped, curving outward* from the centre. The anemone-flowered have ray florets strap shaped, the disk florets being densely arranged in the centre like a pincushion. The pompone, small reflexed or Chilean daisy flowered, have numerous small flowers, florets generally reflexed, or fringed or toothed at their edges. The quilled or pin-feathered Japanese have large flowers; florets involute and tubular or quilled with toothed tips. The large-flowered Japanese have tbe flowers large, loose, with florets long, strap - soaped, sometimes revolute, twisted, and tooth-shaped. After this lucid explanation, 1 don't think it possible that you can ever mix up the varieties again.' 'Thanks,' said Placid ; ' but I shall feel still more indebted if you will kindly write all this down for me at your leisure. To tell 'you the truth, 1 am— well, yes, 1 am hanged if I like those great sprawling spiderlike objects wb'o'i you call Japanese; thevput me in mind, for all the world, of those half-plant half - animal sea anemones, and I candidly admit I don't like them ; that is, as they are arranged on the velvet spread out like big tarantulas, or the octopi in the aquariums, with their great tentacles. They may be all right iu the garden, and tbe colours are beautiful, but they seem to be out of place.' ' Hush ! Placid, hush ! ; Great dusai'o Ghost ! this is rank heresy. If you are overheard half the people will jump down your throat ; you must smother your feelings and follow the fashion. If bis Excellency admires anything you must admire it, too, and so on. If you don't hold your classical tongue I shall say good-bye. But see how deeply interested everyone really seems to be in the flowers; and what an excellent attendance there is to-day. The ladies are particularly attentive. 1 don't think I was ever at an exhibition where the flowers were examined more care fully ; even the bonnets and dresses seem to be neg lected.' ' Yes,' said Placid, ' let us watch them for a few moments. Yes, quite true; it is remarkable. How do you account for it ?' '♦ The fact is,' said I, ' the chrysanthemum is everybody^ flower. It can be grown anywhere and by anyone in this climate, and everyone is an authority on it ; and wherever you eo at this time of year you will see some plants in bloom. Even old Dr. Slops, my neighbour, who hardly known the difference between a rose and a cauliflower, ventures on chrysanthemums in bis back yard. H$ lets Mrs. Slops mess about in her gloves with a little trowel, whilst he looks on and smokes. But he says he grows them, so that's all right. You see such flowers as roses, which are ten times more beautiful, are some what difficult to grow in many localities, and people are rather shy, or won't take the trouble to grow diem, and would rather beg the flowers from some more hard working friend (to say nothing about returning the baskets) ; besides, chrysanthemums bloom at a time when there is nothing else in flower, and they make gardens extremely gav; bnt let us hurry up and take the names of all the flowers in the prize collection, and the best in the others.' 'TfeB,' said Placid; 'old Hesiod says, ' The man who, full of doubt*, delays bis work, with losses always wrestles.' ' ' See,' said I, '.how funny the names of some of the exhibits axe spelled. Here one exhibitor, who should know better, writes * Countess ' de Beauregatd, instead of ' Comtesse,' and there are other extraordinary -mistakes; but we haven't time to bother about these mistakes. Here, th first prize foi tbe best collection is awarded to C. W. Bolloway, of the Gladesville Asylum.' ' Is he mad F' said Placid, with alarm ; ' yon know, it might be catching.' ' Oh, no ! don't be alarmed, he is only the gardener there. He exhibits a splendid collection of 125 varieties. Many of these are very good indeed— fine, firm, and good clear'colour ; here are some of your tarantulas and spiders ; but look at tbe beautiful rich and extraor - \- dinary colours and shade ; you couldn't wish for any thing* more bright. This is Alfred Salter, a good example of an incurved variety, and Emperor of China, a recurved one ; you read out the names whilst I writee them do wl.: — Daphne, Monsieur Astorg, Monsieur (I fancy he must mean Mademoiselle) Cabrol, Moonlight, Mt. Edgccombe, Vulcan, Emperor, Striatum perfec tuin, H. Allerbat (I can't recognise this), Japon r'leur, Souvenir de la Heine Marie, Bottle d'Or, La Purete, Golden Prince, Mrs. Townsend, Monsieur Grup (don't know him), Mrs. C Bundle, Loma Japanese (stranger to me), La Cbinoise, Mabel Ward (this is the same as Eendigo), Mrs. Robertson, Julius Schraff, Rex Eubro ruta, Iletty Barker, Monarch, Admiration, Mdlle. Augustine Gautheur, Golden Queen of England, Fer mament, The Sultan, La Rogue, The Damio, Jewess, Duchess of Gerolstein, Diamond, Dr. Sharpe, Jupiter, Monsieur Ebroffe, Elsie, L'Aube Martinale, ' Mrs. Robertson, Isabella Bott, Eve, Crimson Velvet, Clarissa, Bonnie Rose, Nil Desperandum, Bruce Findlay, Rubra, Alfred Salter, L'Ami Maurisot, Per fection, Red Indian, Jane Salter, Souvenir de la Reine Marie, Mr. W. Barr, Gerda, Bend Or, M. L. Brunei, Gloria Mundi, La France, M.. E. Dufour, Frou Frou, L'Or du Rhin ; Star, Dormillion, Madame Clemence Audiguier, Undine, Gurnsey Nugget, San guineum, Embleme, Lord Wolseley, Exquisite, La Insure (this is the same as Early Rosy Queen), Jardin des Plantes, Anna Delaux, Gillardia, Reve de Prin temps, Fremy, Nagaski Violet, R. T. Biggs, Letty Stewart, Bronze Dragon, Cullinafordi, Florence Night ingale, Elaine, Koseum punctatum, Souvenir dc Haar lem (this is the same as Rosenni superbum), Fanny Boncharlat, Criterion Agrements de la Nature, Lord Palmerston, Golden Empress, Emperor of China, Beaute des Jardins, M. E. Dufour, Source d'Or, Japon Fleur, L'Incomparable, Peter the Great, Lady fiar dinge, Jeanne d'Arc, La Frisure, Tokio, Marechal Duroc Thunberg, Monsieur Planchenau, Comtesse de Beaurejrard, Alarm, Earl Beaconsfield, Leda, Mademoi selle de Sevin, Stella, Rosea superbum (this is tbe same as Souvenir de Haarlem), Empress Eugenie, Criterion, L'Incomparable, Eugene Meyard, Mademoiselle Moulise, Golden Prince, Madame de Sevin'. *c Why,' said Placid, I thought 1 heard you say once that duplicates were not allowed, and that a box with duplicates should be disqualified ? Here are no end of duplicates.' 'So there are,' said I, 'and I was wrong in saying there were 125 in this collection ; but, just hold your tongue, and we'll pick out tbe best blooms in Mr.Inglis's collection.' ' But this is not Mr. Inglis's collection; it is il r. Denman's. I suppose Mr. Inglis is mei c-lyjthe^owner.of the garden.' ' Just you b i quiet, Placid ; you're too much of a busybody. We'll be getting into a mess directly. Read out the names as I show you :— La France, 'Crimson King, Monsieur Lemoine, Monsieur Crochet, Agremente -de la Nature, Monsieur Houx, Jardin des Pirates, Toussant Morriset, Jeanne d'Arc, Zeph\ r, Marquis of Lorn, Mrs. Towns end, Hiver Flour, Jeanne Delaux, Baron Beust, Source d'Or, Grandirlora, liccla, Georga Peabody, White Christine. Some of these are very fine indeed. Now read out from Mrs. Learuiouth'* highly commended, ones :— Rose Lace, La Neipe, Golden Beverley, Eve, Princess Beatrice, Clarissa, Desperandum, Souvenir d'Or, Guillaume Delaux, Queen of England, Garibaldi. ' We must now be off to the 86 large-flowered section for professionals. C. \V. Ho'.loway, from the Glades ville Asylum, is again first : — Fiocon de Neige, Diane, Sam Weller, Empress of China, Gerda, Clarissa, Mrs. J. Laing, Splendent, Barbera, Garibaldi, White Christine, Jewess, Gunisey Nugget, Sanguineum, Golden Dr. Brock, Patrie, Queen of England, Lady Russell, Golden Beverley, Criuiton Velvet, Gloria Mundi, Hero of Stoke IJeverley, Mr. Cobay, Eve, Princess Teck, Mabel Ward, King of Crimsons, Bronze, Jardin des Planles, Jeanne d'Arc, Pio Nono, Beaute «ie N- rJ, Lord Wolseley, Jardin dei} Flantes . Reine des Blanches.' ' Are there any du' ? . I gave him a look that froze up his blood. ' Here is J. and W. Gelding's collection, second prize, and there are some fine flowers; read, end don't chatter:— Incognito or Mrs. Sharpe, Princess Beatrice, Dr. Brock, Queen of England, Pink Perfection, Cullingfordi, Mrs. J. Laing, M. A. Hubert, E. M. Betts, Moonlight, Jnpiter, Grandiflora, Rose Lace, Mrs. Barr. Elsie, Julius Scharff, Monsieur Leon Brunei, White Venue, Cry Kiting, Madame Clemence Audiguier, and Parasol. ' Now for the 24 large-flowered. C. W. Holloway, Gladesville Asylum, first again :*-Lord .Wolselev, Beaute de Nord, .Empress of China, Cullingfordi, Jardin des Plantes, Golden Dr. Brock, Pio Nono, Golden Queen of England, Hetty Barker, Bronze Jardin des Plantes, Eve, Clarissa, Mrs. Halliburton, Mrs. J. Laing, Sam Weller, Golden Chinamen, Sam Weller, Patrie, Alarm, Alfred Salter, Garibaldi, Pink Perfection, Gloria Mundi, White Christine, Golden Empress, and Pink Perfection. In the 12 large flowered J. Ker&lake; was first with Belle Alliance, Beethoven. Zephyr, Lord Wolseley, Golden Empress of India, Queen of England, Jeanne d'Arc, King of Crims.ns, White Christine, Prince of Wales, Mr. Cul lingford, and Baron .Beust. The second prize was taken by P. Hmnridge, and C. W. Holloway's col lection highly commended. The prize for 36 Japanese was, you sec, awarded to C. W, Holloway, who has been very fortunate. Read : M. Cochet, Tricolour, The Suitan, E. M. Betts, Parasol, Madame Clemence, Audiguier, Rose Lace (this is a great beauty), Criterion, Bronze Lace, La France, Tokio, Frou Frou, Monsieur Bruant, Japan Flenri, Thunburg, Hero of Magdala, Viceroy of Egypt, Gil lardia, the Damio, Admiration, Mrs. W. O. Harris, White Ceres, Admiration). Rex Rubrorum, Dormillion, Delicatum Juvena, M. C. Hubert, Lady SeJbourne, Magnum Bonuni, Bouquet Fait, Mademoiselle Augus tine Gautheut, Ben d'Or, Monsieur Rieux, Perfection (Hallocks). *' Why, here's another dup ? ' Hush ! Can't you be quiet P Messrs. J. and W. Gelding took second prize, but we have not time to go thtough these; we '-must take the first prizes only. Twenty-four Japanese: First prize G. K.erslak*e, Fee Rageuee, Mrs. Towrsend, Grandiflora, Monsieur Cochet, Comte de Germiny, Hiver Fleuri, Guillaums Delaux, La Nuit, Belle Etoile, M. S. Starling, Ethel, Jupiter, Fernand Feral, Albert, Bouquet Fait, Jean Delaux, Ceres, Perpureutn Album, Monsieur Freeman, Japan Fleuri, Coquet de Castillo, Chinaman, Fanny Bucharlotte. The eerond prize has gone to C. W. Holloway. For 12 Japanese, first prize awarded to J. Kerslake for Mrs. Townsend, Source d'Or, Fanny Bucharlotte, Monsieur Freeman, Jean Delaux, Bouquet Fait, Grandiflora, Purpureum Album, and others not knewn ; C. W. Holloway, second prize. C. W. Hollo way was awarded the first prize for 12 pompons, and P. Plumridge the first prize for six, and for one C. W. Holloway. The prize for the best single large-flowered specimen was awarded to G. Kerslake, C. W. Holloway second, and P. Plumridge highly commended. BeBt single Japanese, C. W. Holloway first, G. Kerslake second. Now, Placid, -let us see the amateurs. Here is H. C. D'Ardier first with a good 24. Read the names. Jane Salter, Eve, Princess Beatrice (a very beautiful flower), Mr. Cobay, Orange Annie Salteri, Mr. Jay, Garribaldi, Incognito, Daine/ Queen of England, Anto nelli, Enamel, Nil Desperandum, Leda, Mrs. J. Laing, Rubruin Striatum, Empress Eugenie, Aimee Ferriere, jterpurium Elegans, Lord AlceEter, Mrs. Dixon, Mrs. G. Rundle, Illustration. Mr. R. Foreythcouies second with some very good flowers; and Mr. Alfred Lee's collection is highly commended. For 12 large flowered : H. C. D'Ardier, first prize— Freemy, Hetty Baker, M. Corbay, Enamel, Leda, Princess 'Beatrice, Orange, A. Salter, Garibaldi, J. Salter, Lord Alcester, Mr. G. Rundle ; R. Forsyth, second; and H. H. Bradley, highly commended. For 24 Japanese, the first prize -was awarded to H. C. D'Ardier; R. Forayth, second. Twelve Japanese: H. C. D'Ardier,- first; and R. Forsyth and H. H. Bradley, second ; R. A. Arnold, highly commended. For six Japanese : H. C. D'Ardier, first prize; R. Forsyth, second; S. Si. Levick, highly commended. For six pompons: H. C. D'Ardier, first prize; R. Forsyth, second. For three Pompones: H. C. D'Ardier, first prize. For three anemones : H. C. D'Ardier, first ; R. A.. Arnold, second; R. Forsyth, highly commended. Best single large flower: H. C. D'Ardier, first prize, with Thunberg; B. Forsyth, second. For best Japanese single : H. C. D'Ardier, first prize ; R. Forsyth, second ; R. A. Arnold, highly commended. Now, let us look at the pot plants. These are a vast improvement pn the few shown last year. ' But were these grown in pots all the time since they were cuttings?' piped in Placid. 'Of course,' said 1; 'you must never doubt such a thing.' Here is the. first prize, awarded to B. Forsyth for the best 24. Here is Peter the Great, Mrs. Dixon, Lord Alcester, Hiver Fleuri, Embleme, Freemy, Little Gem, Fair Maid of Guernsey, Mrs. G. Rundle, Simg^hnnnpi. For best six cot chrysanthemums : John. Upton, first prize for Mrs. Townsend, Peter the Great, Patrie, James Bouchardt, Belle Alliance, Maiden's Blush; R. Forsyth, second prize. For single pots: R. Forsyth, first prize, wi^a Empress of India; H. C. D'Ardier, second prize. There are some very pretty pompons exhibited in Messrs. J. and W. Gelding's urge exhibit of noncom petitive flowers. Read these out .-—Marvel of Per fection, Crimson Perfection, Firmament, Little Gem, Bob, La Foudre, Madame Vatry, Mrs. Hutt, Connell's Little Harry, Mrs. Murray, and Madame Furtardo. These are extremely pretty little flowers, and should be in every collection. ' Well, Placid, I am greatly pleased with every thing except the light. I can hardly see, the room is so dark. I hope the society will have a better room next season to do justice to the exhibits.' ' You forget the baskets,' said Placid. « No. I saw them ; but I don't like chrysanthemums to be fixed up so stiffly. But come to the gem of the whole show, Mr. Bennett's small collection of roses. Is there anything in the room to approach it ?' « No,' said Placid. ' They seem to me to be exquisite. Listen what Columella says about the rose.' ' All right, I'll translate it' ? and now the robe, more bright Than Syrian scarlet, does begin to How. Not with so bright and radienl face appears The daughter of Latona. 