.MISER EAREiUlOTTlER rBv B. Ij. F.wt.iuox. CHAPTER. NLV. A TUT 01? KDKI.W KISS. » Mv dear Miss Loth bridge— " Uj?, That's altogether too formal, isn't i -'m said Fanny, looking up from- tho ' iAini- ' Why doesn't the stupid follow cnn'iiaeiwo with, " My owfi dearest Fiuinv'? Jt would be very much nicer, » My dear Miss Lothbndgo, — Sinco my lust wo havo had glorious wcathor, and I have boon to 110 end of places, en- ioving myself thoroughly. Tlio only drawback' is that I am without a com panion, and that I sometimes fool rather linioly " ph., (» If thoro oror was a young fellow, said I'annv, " cut out for a family man, it is Prcd.'') . " And that I sometimes fool rather lonely. But wo cannot have everything 4vc wish for in this world, and .11 shall soon he homo. Ono satisfaction is that I am making niysolf well acquainted with tlio route .1 hayo-.takon — as delight ful n tract as can be imagined— anil that it will be a groat pleasure by-ftiul- by to guido somo ono who has never been to tho beauty -hind of Switzerland ovor tho ground I have traversed — " ("I wonder," said Panny, " if ho has anybody in his oyo, and whothor ho is thinking of a honoymoon I") " Over the ground I havo traversed. I received your pleasant, chatty letter, telling 'ni'o all tlic nows, and I cannot thank you enough for it. You aro a model of a correspondent. So you all wont to hear Faust at Covcnt, Gardon ; I can imagino how you onjoyed yourselves, loving iniisie as you do. When I ivns at, Milan I wont to La Scala, about which everybody who hasn't soon it raves. It isn't a patch on Covcnt Garden. You say it would havo dono my licart good iE had seen how boaut.iful Miss Parebrothor looked — " (" I gave hiin," said Panny-, " a most elaborate description of our dresses.") "To see how beautiful Miss Pare brothor looked. You need scarcely have told mo that ; sho always looked beautiful —nnd so do you — " (" 1 come in," said Panny, tossing her bond, "as a kind of makeweight. Out of common politonoss ho could not have said loss.") " And so dp you. On my way to tho Grimsol this afternoon I stopped at llaudck to seo the falls. I aiu not sure that I do not admire them moro than any I havo yet passed. They are truly grand ; and I wish I could have gathered some of the wonderful forns low down the ravine to havo inclosed in this letter. J3ofore I reached the Ifalls 1 stopped M.hut, and thoro was a girl shelling Quito a young girl, not more \luiti seventeeH, I should say ; hilt thero wn'S somothing about hor that reminded mo of Miss Pavobrother. Nothing like bo pretty and sweot ; but her hair was tlio san?e color, and sho was about the sumo height. Sho got me some milk, and 'I stopped a fow minutes to rest, aiul helped inir to pick hor peas — " ("It lias been my opinion," said Fanny, " ever since I luid tho pleasure o£ Prod's acquaintance, that lie was little better than a llirt. Ho ought to be ashamed for himself. The least lie could do was to keep these things to himself.") "Helped her to pick hor pons. Wc had an agreeable cluit, although she spoke a patois of which I did not under stand a single word. It was vory comical — " (" Very," said Panny, with a fiuo touch of sarcasm.) "Comical. Then I went on my way rejoicing, and it was quito dark whon I reached the Griinscl. The monks are vory hospitable ; thoy gavo 1110 a good dinner and a good bottle of wino, for which .tlioy charge nothing ; only 0110 is expected to put somothing in tho box for the poor beforo I10 loaves the hospice. I am up hero in tho mountains, nearly seven thousand feet above tho lcvol of tlio sea ; outside thoro is a melancholy, sombre ; slieot of water called tho Todtou-See, or tho Dead Luke. It is .said to contain 110 living thing, only ghosts. Beforo I go to bod I shall go and seo them. I am sorry to hear that tho firin 111 which Boh was employed itVW failed, and that lie out of a situation. Hqvvs ho will soon got another, and that his caiv®1, w' a'1(M lnstto and renown 011 tho llAlllG - OX- .JJCwllulHlgC. xvUll X illll truly soriy bear that Miss Farobrothor lias sprained lnT wrist — " (" Oh, Fanny cried Plucbo, "I didn't." , "I told .hiiu you did," said Fanny, calmly. " WhC» a man is away, things must not ho allowed to languish. Tho interest must he kop.4'- "P some how.") "Spraiiiod hor wrist. 8 he must tako tlio gi'oatest. care of it. Of courso you do not allow hor to touch tho piano. You ask 1110 how sho would look with her hair cut short — " (" "Well 1" gasped Phoebe. " It is really too had of you. Nothing could induce 1110 to havo my hair out off. I have uever mentioned such a thing." "P mentioned it," said Fanny, with 11 littlo laugh, " Trust 1110 for managing these 1 affairs. Ho will bo overjoyed when lio comes liorno and finds your hair just as beautiful as wheu I10 loft. IIo will say something about; it, to which you will toply — exposing mo, of courso — and then he will pay you 110 end of compliments.") "With her hair cut short. Avo you serious ? I kuow what u quiz you are, and I suspect you aro amusing your self at my oxpensc. I can hardly holmvo) tlint Miss Farobrothor has any smghrmitontion. I nevor saw such beautiful hair as hers — " (" Thank yon, sir," said Fanny.) " Sueli beautiful hair as liors, and she wilt be doing very wrong if she allows ihe.'solf to ho persuaded to adopt what I considor 1111 odious fashion. You know my opinion about mauuisli womon ; I would banish them to somo distant island if I had my way, whore, as there would bo 110 men amongst thorn, thoro might ho a chance of thoir recovering thoir right senses. When I was in Milan I bought three laco handkerchiefs ; one for Miss Farobrothor, ono for your self, and 0110 for your kind mother. ;il liavo something also for Uncle Loth, and Bob. -Flense give thorn all my vory kindest regards, and toll Aunt;' Loth I am longing to havo tea with her, and to taste hor wonderful gnosebeiTv :jain again." (Fanny had to step hero to 'laugh, and then sho Raid : " Look, Pliaibo, here aro a lot of dots; His recollection of tlio gooseberry jam overcame htm,; and ho wont out to tho Load Lake to soo tho ghosts.") : " I throw "down my pen, and wont out for a stroll It is a beautiful night. The Dead Lake doos not sustain its reputation when tho stars aro shining on it. I tried to eonjuro up the ghosts, hut thoy- would not come. Instead of ghosts, all sorts of pleasant memories' took shape, for the chief of which I havo to tlmnk your happy homo. ' T thought of you all, and of tho many acts of hospi tality for which 1 11111 indebted to you. There is in such sconos as this a spirit of ponce inexpressibly soothing, forming ro miniscenco-to belong roinoinbotod. Tlio rollcction of the stars in the still waters rendered - it impossible to credit thoir ovil reputation. Tlio lake was a fairy lake, and as such I shall always think of it. 'Upon' entering tlio hospieo I hoard tho monks praying in low voices. Now I must, to; bed. Convoy my kindest re membrances to Miss Farcbrhther, And receive tlie same yourself, i'rbin : " " Yours very sincerely, PlIKDKlUCIC CoilXWAIiTi." "That is something- lilco a letter," said Panny. " Fred is quite a pool-. Don't you think so ?" " Ho writes boaiiti fully," ropliod : Pluube. " Laco liandlcercliiofs," said- Panny. " I wonder whoso will be the prettiest ? Mine .1 should say." " You- dosorvo tho best." " Thoro can bo 110 doubt of that ; but thou men are so ungrateful. I must confoss I can't quito got over that girl at Hiindok. 'l'ho idea of him helping hor to sholl poas !" " It was vory kind of him," " It was nothing' of the sort; it was a downright shamolcss piece of flirtation arid I shall tako him to task for it; I shouldn't so much hnvOi miuded it if I had boon tho girl ; would you '? OL, how foolish of 1110 I — thoro is ii post script to tho lotter. Just think of a young woman forgcttingja ' I'.S.' !" "As if you (lid not know it was thoro!" said Phoebo, with a tondor sinilo. " What does it say ?" " Well, I novor ! Just listen. P.8. — My own dearest girl — "' " Eh ?" cried Pluube. "No; it is a mistake of mino. TIc! has loft that out. ' P.S.— I havo lcopt tl.is letter by 1110 four : days, and it is time I posted it, or I shall bo homo before you rocoivo it. I expect to roach London 011 Friday morning.' What do you think of that that, Plimbo ? IIow many to tlio minute is your hoart going ? Friday morning. The day after to morrow. I shan't he ablo to sleop a wink. But there is somothing more, Plicebe ; that is not the end of tho post script. It goos 011 : ' Enclosed aro two small packets, one with your iniiuo out side, 0110 with Miss Farobrothor's. I dare say you liavo not soon tlio flower thoy contain. It is tlio odolwoiss, a fiowor which, always worn, brings luck and good fortuno. Ml you will give me tho opportunity, when I como homo, I shall regard it as a great favorlif you will allow 1110 .to put a piece of cclolwciss in lockets for you both. With- constant regards, Prcd C.' Horo is your packet Pluoho." Phcebo oponcd tlio papor; and gazod at tlio white flower, around which tho traveller had arranged a fow forget-me- nots. i "Ho calls it," said Panny, a flower of luck and good fortune, j know the right namo for it, if I10 doetn't." "AVhat is its right name?" asked Phcebo. " It is a lovo liowoi'-T-notliing loss. I shall piit . inino under my pillow, and shall dream of My Own. Not yours— 1 mino ; I am not a poacher. I will toll you what ho is like in the inoriiing. Goodrnight, doar Phcebo. : " Good-night, darling," said Phcebo; Both the girls put thoir llowors of love uudor their. p;|ows, a pd had happy tlroams. CHAPTER XV. .TEllKXltAlt 1'AXrPr.KTT's OPINIONS- OF UIRT.S, . No moro chivalrous knight than Tom Barley ovor drew breath, but notwitli-' standing his dovotion to Ph'ceho, cortaih incontrovortiblo conclusions had for some time past forcod thomselvos upon him; A. jiumbor of moil live to oat ; a liiucli largor iHimher oat to liyo. Without roforenco to his inclination,- Tom Barley's circumstances did not otiahlo him to do tlio formox',' and ho found it exceedingly hard to do the latter. Botwoon liitn and Mrs. Pamflott existed' ah nnconquorahlo antipathy. Boingiof an indopendont ' order of mind, ho was buroly civil to hor ; and, ns sho kopt tho key of tho cupboard, sho repaid liini in full by either throwing food to liiin as sho would to a dog, or giving him nono at all. Sho tolerated liiin bocauso lie was useful to hor in tho way of chop ping wood and doing various odd jobs of a rough nature ; hut for this, sho would long ago have had him dismissed. Hor son Joroiniali, who caiiio rogularly to Parlcsiilos on Misor Parobrothcr's husinoss, novor failed to put n spoke' hi 'J'om's whool, as ho termed it ; but his mother was successful in mollifying liiin bv recounting tho hardships to which Tom had to submit. " 'He's little hotter than stavvod," alio said to hor son, " and lio hasn't a rag to his back." ; " Sorvo him right," growled Joroiniali ; " I'd like to soo him hanged !" Ilo novor forgot tho boating lie luid rocoivod in' tho village,' by tho instiga tion of Tom Barloy, 011 tho occasion ;of . his visit to Parksidos ; and with liiin, novor to forgot was novor to forgivo. With prudent euro of his bonos ho sloorocl clour of a collision with Tom, who was strong onougli to tacklo half a dozou men such as I10; buu lie would gladly havo soizocl an opnortiunty to do Torn an ill turn. Tom,. tlio least vindic tive boing that ovor woro rags, bail for gotten tho ineidout yours ago, and would havo mot with civility any advances which .loromiali might liavo made to him ; hut as Miser Farobrothor's managing clork invariably scowlod at liiin when they - happened to moot, ho took rofugo in silonco and avoidauco. .Teromialiliad mado groat stridos since ho first onterod the miaor's sorvico, IIo had mastorod tho intricacies and tho roguoi'ios of : tho inoiioy-Ionding husinoss, and was : tho sharpest of sharp knavos — without fool ing, without a hoart;, intent only upon his own (interests and;tho gratification »f his own ploiistiros. It lias alroady boon shown that I10 was londing monoy lipou his own account; but this was dono '.without tho cognizanco of tho misor,' who would havo strongly resented such1 an oncroachmont upon his domain; Miser Fnrehrothor fwould have fdmid it difficult — indood,, almost impossibte-U-to got along iiow without Joroiniali; tho constant cramp in his bonos, which hail' kept liiin so froquontly and for so long a timo logo titer a prisoner in Parksidos, grow worso instead of bettor, and Joro- miali had taken tlio fullest advantage which those iibsonccs.hiid affordod to him. There wore mutters of .business which .loromiali, and Joromiah alono, coukl ox- plain ; sums of monoy. woro owing which, without Joromiah, could iiovor havo boon rocovorod'; oortuin of tlio questionable transactions ' by iiioiins of which Misor Farobrothor had amassed wealth wore entered: and recorded in a manner so poeuliar that Jeremiah and no othor person understood thoin: Ho had played his cards apparently well. 'Tlio ' question to bo docidcci was, whore tho gamo was going to load him. On tho PYiday upon which Fred Cornwall was expected home, two or thruo pregnant circuinstancos took place affecting our heroine. It was tlio day provious to Iter birthday, on which sho had obtained hor father's consont to tho visit of tho Lotlibridgos to Parksidos. Pluubo had returned homo 011 Thursday oybning, intent upon making prepara tion for the visit of hor dearest friondiw Before she loft Camden Town a littlo conversation took place botwoon her and hor iuint .with respect to this birthday celebration. ' " You must not' expect much," Plicubo said ; " I cannot afford to do as I would wish." . ' ; " Whatever it is," said Aunt Loth,' "it ..will bo as wolcomo as tlio host. I "should' say, a' cup of toa and somo nico thin broad aucl' butter." " ' "Yos," said poor Phcebo ; "that will bo all, I am afraid." " But ovon that," said Aunt Lctli, "will entail a small expense. Lob 1110 see your purso." .."No, aunt ; it is all right ; and I must go at onco." "Thoro is no hurry, my dour ; von liavo at least half an hour to spare. 1 Fanny is, going with you. to the station,, and ' sho will not bo roaiiy for tho noxt twenty minutes. Show mo your purso, Phcebo." " Aui\t doar — " " My dear child, I insist, or I shall tliiuk you do not lovo inc.", Phceho's purso was out in a momont ; but she repented when it was in Annt Leth's hand. " You foolish girl !" said Aunt Leth, looking into tlio purso, and pinching Phceho's check ; " thero is noxt to no tli- in it. Como, now — it is too late, I hope, for soerots botwoon 11s — toll 1110 all." ; Phcebo, in a tew voice, told of tlio conversation between her father and herself, and of his giving hor a florin for ii birthday prosont. Aunt Lotli did not look grave as slio listened ; on tho contiary, she nodded and smiled brightly. It ; was not in hor nature to : do 1 .tlio slightest thing to aggravate the gloomy surroundings of tho young girl's1 homo. Hor heart was filled with sweot pity for hor niece's lot, and it was for hor to shed light on Phoebe's lifo. " "My clear child," alio said, "do you look upoii'mo as a motlter ' '"Indeed I'do/doar aunt." "(Would you1 wish to vex 1110?" " Nojiuint ;no." - " Then you must lot nib have niy ivay. I know wliat is right and what is host. T -M ft tTA fl 1 1 M-| ft fttAnolinn ...1. »1. T j.1v4vtv ib iipi/iy ui'UifcOUAU UU-Vj WHICH X UllU vory useful' often whon I am iii a wilful moocl. It is sometimos ; filled with saved ponnios, tirid you liavo no idea how thoy mount up. Don't oppose 1110, Phoobo, or I will not kiss yoii;": :In proof of which :sho gavo her pioco a ' number of affectionate kissos at onco. " I am going to my troasuro box now.", .Slio produced it 'from her 'doslc,'iuid put fiftobii shillings into Phmbo's piirso. Thou sho cdosod tlio purso, aiul 'pressed it into tho girl's hand. ! " What can I say, aunt?" murinurod Pluubo, hor oyes filled with tears. : " Say, my ilbar, ' I ain glad iny aunt treats 1110 .".as sho would treat hor own child.' ; /I havo served yoii just as I would sorvo Fanny." ! !' I sl>a11 novor bo ablo to repay you, doar aunt'." ' " You aro repaying mo, Phmhd, bvbry day of your lifo." - i . Tho gratitudo . whioli filled Phosho's heart had soiuothing sacrod in it. But, indood, that happy house was more than >a homo, to tlio yoqng girl— it was ;a sanctuary. Thoroforo Phoobo; unloved and nogloctocl as alio was in Parksidos, was porfootly happy on tlio day boforo hor birthday. Slio would ho ablo to liiako hor toa-tahlo quito gay, and sho woiitto tlio Vilhigo and laid out to groat ad- vantago tho monoy hor aunt had put jn hor purse. : " Goodaftoruoon, Miss Phoolte." It wiia Joroiniah Pain|teti;i who. ac costed, hor. IIo was op a visit to. tho j miser, with books aiul p'npors unclor his arm.' I " Gootl- aftoTOoon," said Pluubo, who 1 was also carrying parools, Sbo. would havo liurriod on and loft him, after those salutations, hut ho was too quick for her. . v. ' " Won't you shako hands with: mo, Miss. Phoobo' ?" " T can't ; they.aro full." 1 , ; "AVhoro tlioro's a will tlioro's n way. You had hotter shako hands with; mo, or your fathor will ho angry whon I toll hnn." This threat sorvecl him. Plioobe managed to extend, hor hand, which lio took and, hold in his for a. longer timo than was noccossary. . " What a protty. hand you have, Miss Pluubo ?" Sho > shrank at tho compliment, and, snatched hor. hand from his grasp. He did not tako umhrago at this action, protending not to notico it. : ,, .. "Wo aro both going homo, Miss Phmho. May I offor you my arm ?!' " J. can. do quito well without, thank 3rou," said Pliooho. ' . " Anil lis well with. I nlways like to be polite to liulies ; a gontloman can't' do tes j. Lot 1110 carry, a parcel or. two for,, yoii. , X. shall, tell your fathor (that I assisted von, and lio will bo pleased. I do'' all his business foPh'mi, ybu -know, aucl ho has ,tlip greatest eonfidqubo in nic. I 'do ati' I<caii to dosorvo itj I liiri" suro. ; Thiuik, (jteu. ' Doh't; you fool -moro eoinfortablo now ? - should if I . \yas a young huly, and it gontloman had insistccl upon helping- mo." Had it not boon that slio was fearful of angering her father, Phoobo would ' 011.110 account liavo nccoptod his as3ist- aiico ; but ho forced it upon her, and compelled hor ' to'- take his arm. Ho walked )roudly .through- tho village with his lovol' charge, tilting his hat a littlo oil ono sido of his bond to show his quality. Sometimes' I10 dropped ono of l.'hoobo's parcels, and whon sho onco stooped to pick it up and thoir heads touchod, ho becinno quite morry, and- asked Iter which was tlio hardest. Slio snoko scarcely a word ; hut ho boguilod tho way with anocdoto and jost, and, when thoy roachod Parksidos, doclared it was tho pteasautost walk lie had bvor taken. 8I10 ran up to hor room -and lot't hiin '-alono. For himself, though, lie was at tho door of tho house, lie did not outer it ; ho turned hack, and walkod about the grounds in thought, saying more than onco to himself, " Upon' my soul it wouldn't ho half a bad move !' emphasizing liis . remark by slapping his teg smartly. Oil his way- back to; the house' lio oncouutored Tom- Barloy,1' and, elated by his rofiections, I10 cried out: .. . . "Hallo, you hoggar! 'How aro .//oil getting 011? . Making your fortune ?" " No," said Tom Barloy ; " aro ybu?" ' ' 1 ! " Yes," said Joromiah,' exultantly. "I'm- getting "on likoa lioiiso 011 find Hero's a ponny— no, , -.a "ha'penny for rou." Tom Barloy threw it back savagely, and it grazed Joroiniali's forolioad. " " " I could havo you up for that," said Jerouiiali, edging away from Tom. "Assault and battery, you know. If you give 1110 any of your chcok I'll land you at tlio station house." : . ' " Givo 1110 any of yours," retorted /Torn, "and I'll break ovory bono in your body !" Joroiniali doomed it host to walk away, which lie did rather swiftly, aiul with decided nervousness. Upon making his appenranco beforo his mothor ho worked liimsolf up into a groatpassion, and said that Tom Barloy had sot upon him wi/h a knifo, and had- threatened his lifo. Sho soothed liim, and advised liim to in form Misor Parebrothor, which ho promised to do; and boing further mollified by a draught of alo and a plate oE cold meat and pickles, ho condos coiulod to ho in a hotter humor. "You haven't kissed mo, Joromiah," said Mrs. Pamflott. v "Oh, bother!" ho said, brushing hor chcok with his lips. "I'd lilco to kiss girls. I say, mother, how pretty Phoebe's grown I" "Miss Parebrothor?" - asked his mothor, somowliat startled. . "I said 'Phoebe,' didn't I? Site's about as pretty as tlioy malco '0111. I. met lior. in tho village, and she took my arm. A littlo stuck up at first, but I soon brought hor to lior sonses. Mptlior, what do you think of 1110 ?" " You aro tho best son in tho world," bIio replied, readily, " and tlio cleverest man in England." ; ! : . "Yos, I think I can show thorn a trick or two. Aro you proud, of me, mothor ?" . , " Indood I am, Joroiniali ?" " Am I a handsome man, mothor ?" " A handsomor couldn't ho found, Joromifth." ,, " Am I good onougli for any girl ?" "Indood you aro, Slio'll bo a lucky girl you sot your heart 011, my boy." ; j'Oli, icomo'.. now! ; I don't, kno.w so much about hearts. T know which sido I want my hroiul buttered — oh, mothor ?" " Certainly, Joroiniali." " Well, then, why shouldn't it bo ?" " Why shouldn't what be ??' asked Mrs. Pamflott, vory muclvmystified. ' .Toreinifth put his forofingor to tlio sido of liis noso. ''When I toll. you, mother, you'll ho -as wiso its I am," ' : ; -' But do toll 1110, Joromiah," tlio foind motlior pleaded. , i , . " Still tongue, wiso lioaii," siiid lie. "No; I'll have a good think over it first." Ho wont up to Misor Farobrothor with his hooks and papers, and wlion - tho interview was ovor lio returned to his mother, who by that timo had a hot moal propai'od for .hiin.- Boforo ' alio dislmcl it up ho askod hor whothor sho could find Tom Barley. . " Tho old skinflint wants to seo him," said Joremiah, with an upwnrdjork of his head, in tho direction of tlio room occupied by Misor Fauohrothpri If 0 has somothing vory particular to say (to tlio hoggar, which will opon his oyos a hit. Go .and find liim, mothor, and sohd liim up. I'll wait. Ploas'urb first, business afterwards." Tom Barloy happonod to ho within ; hail, 'and Mrs. Pamflott sont him up to tho misor, aiul then attended to hor son. Sho waited till ho was well'primod, and presumably thoroforo in a moro com- jilaisant humor, and tlion sho said, coiixingly, " Woii't -you tell 1110.' Joro iniali, what you mount by saying ' Why shouldn't "iti-be ?"'»< ; " No, I won't and that's Hat," replied.. Joroiniali j ." at loust, I won't till I. vo a mind to. But Phmho is ti pretty -girl, 'isn't she, motlior?" . ; . . was. pretty; once,!' ..sigliod: Mrs. ' 'Pamflott. 1 ""Shouldn't liavo thought it; But womon go off so. .1. don't know, that I'vo ovor soon a much prettier girl than .Pliasbo." . . - -.»« Mrs. Pamflott qponed lior oyc.wule ;, IMsho - began' to 'havo!1 glimmoring of hor sop's moaning. 1 t' Tlioro's stylos"' ooutiiuiod Joroiniali. r" Somo liko . 0110 .stylo, - somo, - liko- another. For my part, I'm not particular, so long as a girl's nico look ing. It . don't v matter to ino much 'whether thoy'vo dark or fair, or long or short, so long as thoy'ro that; Mqthoiy ' you're" riot 'tv-bncl sort,- aiul I'll hp opon i -with .you." . (.. q ' You'ro iny piyii hoy !"' oxolaiiiicd tlio ; fond : motlibi'j prbiisinghbr son's lioad.te, hor bosom. f, I .wish you, wouldn't !" crted Joro iniali. "1 don't /cafbiV to. (havo.'. your buttons grinding, into my noso. When you've rocovorod yoursolf, perhaps ybii'llmt clown." , Mrs. Pamllott oboyed mookly, mur- muring, " I boiildn't liolp it, Jeroiniiih:'' ' ;'''4,,Wbll',.:;'do((!hql for all, . do help. it. I don't wiipt to 'liavo ' Aiiy' iiosb' slcinhod. " I'Vo a good iniiid;npt!te :teti ypu.;" : ; 1 ' ' ll Do tell ino, ' Joromiiih," iiiiplorod Mrs. Painllblit— " do ! And I'll novor tako. you stuliten again J' ; "" Very well; tlion ; hut liiind' jou keep your word. You're always at it, hugging and pressing ino us if I was a hit of 'wood' ! ;' ' Yes.;' X'bay '('thoro's. stylps, iiiicl what I say - cm' tho top of that is .that I ain't particular so long us. ovorything olso is O.K " " What's O.K. ?" inquired Mrs. Pai'n- flott, anxiously. . .. ! " All correct, of course. You don't 1 know : much, and 1 Unit's a fact. , Trust me for sooing to things boing right. You would havo to get' up1 very early in tho morning to got ahoad of me. Now dbh't oxas'poratq inq .by asking too many questions. Everything in time, so don't .you, bp ip a hurry, , A spider ain't, (wlion i lie's : got a hliichpttio in liis woh. Tako a lesson from liim." "I will, Joremiali, " said Mrs. Panir flett, huiribly.'jf'; hiit ivlio's tho hluohottlo, and who's tho spider, ?" . . , ; " Thero you avo, asking quostions again. You rilo a follow, -that's what you do. Motjior, ( "what, do you think of Pluubo?" ,. don't; tliiuk much of .her," ropliod Mrs.,, Pamllott, 'shortly. Shqwoulclndt 'liavo answered so candidly luid slio not .hepn takpn off lior guard. ... Jlor qpinion of Phoobo, iiowovor, did not soom to dis turb Joromiah, who said : " AVoinon novor hit it, somehow. ; Is sho proud ?" "Yos." 1 "I thought sho was ; hut if any man can bring her to book.T can. Doos:sho sauco you ?" " Slio soldoin speaks to 1110." " AYdincii aro tho crookodcst creatures going ; thoy never answor straight. Doos sho sauco you ?" "No." " Has she got a sweetheart ?" " Not that I know of." ' " Does sho rocoivo tetters j?"' " Only fiom hor rolations in Camdon Town: . ; ( "Mr. and, , Mr.' Lotlihridgo," said Joromiah, chuckling,: and fooling his pocket, in which ail accoptanco for tlirco hundred pounds with Air. Lothhridgo's name to it was safely socured. " I know somothing of them. Do you' think she's in lovo ?" "No." "It wouldn't milttor if sho was." And horo Joroiniali paused, and gavo himself up to thought, with his fingors stretched! across; his (brow. Mrs. Pam flott observod him earnestly, hut did -not disturb him. " Mothor, would you liko to,7pp(o.moLdo.,in!iny carriago— my own carriage'?" " I should., bo tlio proudest woman in England, Joremiah — iny own Jdro- lriifth'i"' '.-'..uvi-.Mn, c. " Stow .that I"., cried. Joremiah, hold ing lior off. "No more buttons! You'd like to see 1110 rido in my carriago, would you ? Thoro are moro unlikely things'. You said I was good enough , for any girl. Am I good enough for Plicobb ?" "'A : million .timositoo good, 1113' hpy," said Airs. Pamflott, enthusiastically. : " That's a blessing. Sho ought to be grateful. (Whon . I 1 mot . hor in itho villago sho had a lot of parcels. Does sho go shopping for you ?" "Not.jSlie. .Perhaps, she's boon buy-, ing somo things for lior birtlidn3r. Slio's going to give her aunt and undo, ton bore." , . " Olio ! 'And' when is Pluuhe's birth day, mothor " To-mprrow." ' Jeroiniiih gririn'od, his oyo glittovod. "I'm in luck's,; way," ho said. "And, now, motlior, give 1110 a glass ' of brandy ' mid' tvatc'r, and ! I'll cut my lucky." i "Whon shall I see you again, Jore miah ?" sho asked; after mixing tho bovevngo, whioli hp tossed, off, with a 'rolisli. 1 " Sooner .than you expect. Oh, well, I don't mind tolling you. I'm coming hero to-nionow ' to wish ' Phoebo many happy roturns. ;Ta-tii ! Well, if you must kiss ino— thoro you aro, hugging mo ; again I , AYhy can't ; you do i it gontly ?" To be Continued . j Visitors to Rockhainpton will find varibty quality and artistic merit, first -cl .sa silvor ' hunting and "'nglish lovor watohos, ladies silvor watohos, ladios' and gontlcmon's gold >vatohos, boautitully finisliod, and. in extra stent' cases, a magnificont stook of gold and silvor jowollory, ' Elootro Bilvor-waro of reliable quality., Byopfsos .pobblos. and othei spootiolos at W. & J. Edgar's' East-stroet, okhampton 