FOOTPRINTS IN THE SNOW. A NOVEL BY DOEA BTJSSEL, Author of "THE MINER'S OATH," "THE VICAR'S GOVERNESS," "ANNABEL'S RIVAL ," &c.;, &c.; » Come with me," she said faintly, and Mr. Wilmot quietly walked down the street by her side, saying in coolest and easiest tone imaginable just as they passed the it will be a horrid sell won't it, if it turns out to be scarlatina? It playa the very deuce yon lmow with young children. CHAPTER XIX.-In SHEEP S CLOTHING. " That wasn't bad, was it ? he said with cool satisfaction at his own audacity, as they reached Mrs. O'Shee's door." The man in blue believes no doubt at this moment, that te were spealdng of some dear little Tommy or Johnny, sent to cheer our earthly pilgrim-, nee with his enlivening screams. Elizabeth did not speak. She was afiaid and asliamed%nd silently led the way up stairs to the drawing room, the door having V.PPII ouened bp a dreadful old charwoman, S a huge, rusty, black bonnet on her head Mrs. O'Shee having been yet unable to meet with a domestic to suit her aftei Mary's departure. t) M Wilmot, " This is a nice room, said Mi. wan 01, calmly, surveying Elizabeth's sitting-room ha Imcl Gutsrfid it»« - " It looks so, perhaps," answered Eliza beth, " but it is not. They are most untidy people who have the house. , " Who are they?" askea Mr. Wilmot. « The landlady says her husband is a ^Sr.be°ti»no't. However, that is .easily found out. "What is his name ? » The Eev. Michael O'Shee. " The Eev. Michael O'Shee, wrote Mr. Wilmot in his pocket-book. " I the Beverend gentleman up when I get to S rooms. I wonder ii this same Michael "belongs to the angelic host, or is of the ? dragons' crew, that the first Micnael is sup nosed to have kicked out of heaven ? "I think at all events they are very Str»1There are a good many strange people in this neighbourhood. But what about this advertisement ? I presume you don t Tvish anyone to win the promised reward? "No.no," certainly not. " Yet there is the greatest possible dangei of some one doing so, if you go dressed as you are into the streets. We have check mated one policeman, but how do we know that the lynx eyes of another may ?ca"Xnt2^ sitting down and covering her face -nith her would say let me go and buy some colden dye of the chemist at the corner of the street, only I cannot makeup' fflin.i Ml mu"t-I seek employment.' .« Pnitloii me--don't think me rude, but I eau tad Jon any money ? I vrfU do so w,tt fl,?,frnoTsr£as *** <*. will, it you ore seeking employment fit for a 5XSi 1 a° ,rrtbk'8 ior y°n I few S'^^ElSbeth^ sadly, » but Wiimot, rising to fT^lSbeftt and obtained an entrance into Elizabeths rooms he was too acute to pay a long vis "Take mv advice," he w.ent on, ?and doJtgo out for a day or two at east, if I hear of Iny more enquiries I will let vou know " And then, with characteristic coolness he bowed and took his departure, a prey to Hie most ernel ""'torn hormetaoholyreaeetions. however, she"5 speedily aroused by a vis.t from her jour friend is a foine Ml man, me ,"jMrs. O'Shee, having intruded herself into the room on the pretext of see^ ine if Elizabeth's fire were good. he re Poinds me of me own brother now-Capt. Fard of the Dublin Militia. Handsome Jack fhe gurls to call him in me young>lays and they were dying in hundreds for luv of him, I can tell ye 1' " Tndeedt" said Elizabeth. «« And hadn't he a ttoife of his own, the slv fellow, all'the time too 1" laughed Mrs. offie. «* But he was the living image of the eintleman that's jest left ye ; for I said to Mr. O'Shee as he passed the dining room window., ' sure there's Jaok s ghost, .f >ver a ^He te&^most'a sLranger to me," said B1« WeB, ttin,Ji hope he won't "mainine for young people want amusing, and I think ve're but dull yerself at times, me dear ? »I am in London on verv serious busi ness," answered Elizabeth. ,. " Whov not consult Mr* 0 Sbee,, Though I say it meself who shouldn t, lies a clever man, though not so sharp as his neighbours. But for a troifling consider ation he'll wind up yer affairs for ye in no Z so tha°ye'll not know them agam ^Elizabeth SuW not help laughing at Ibis, and at the grotesque little figure before her. " And if its a little dinner ye re wanting to entertain this gentleman with at any tune ttow ye?e nothing* to do but to give mi, the money, and I'll git it ior you. Ye ve not a bad appetite yerself. me dear, as I said to Mr. O'Shee, when ye'r dinner came down yesterday. But I loike. to see that-its a 5od sign when the mate doesn't git stale in E'O'Shee's there eertainly did not .seem any fear of such an accident. Eliza beth was amazed when her week s bill came up at the quantity of butcher s meat she ap peared to have consumed. A leg of mutton had totally disappeared after being served up once, " for a tiresome, little, curly black dog." Mrs. O'Shee, declared, had snatched it out of the pantry window before she could turn herself round. Many visits the little curly dog had apparently paid to the pantry window since ; and it was only the shrink ing dread of going again among utter strangers, and] the idea that it would only be for a short time, that induced Elizabeth to put up with the intense discomforts of Mrs. O'Shee's apartments. What annoyed her most was the conscant intrusion into her rooms by this prying j Irishwoman. She always seems to be watching everything, and there was an un i easy shifty look in her glance that was not very comfortable to encounter The Eev. Michael, Elizabeth never be held, but on every occasion Mrs. O'Shee appealed to his name. He was the lay figure on which she hung her various ideas. It was " sure as Mr. O'Shee was just say ing," or " me husband now thinks" this or that. Mrs O'Shee was good enough to prophesy then that " yer friend, tlio foine tall gentle man, the living image of me brother Jack, he is," would soon be back ; and Elizabeth's annoyance, therefore, was intense.when, on the following afternoon, just as the early winter evening was gathering in, Mrs. O'Shee herself threw open the drawing-room door, and with (a delighted air announced Mr. Wilmot. " Don't frown on me so terribly, pleaae," said that gentleman, advancing towards Elizabeth, who was sitting moodily brooding by the fire, and whose expression when she saw him could not have been very gratifying to her visitor. " I would not have come so soon, unless I had something to tell you." " What is it ?" said Elizabeth rising, and with something of her old, grand manner pointing to a chair. " It's been horribly cold to-day, hasn't it ?" said Mr. Wilmot, smiling. " Yes,,' answered Elizabeth, wondering if he had come to discuss the weather. I am a kind of walking barometer," went on Mr. Wilmot, " every change of at mosphere affects me. Pardon me," he added, and he suddenly rose and opened the room door, and discoverd as he did so, Mrs. O'Shee kneeling outside with her ear to the key-hole 1 For a moment the convicted listener was speechless, Mr. Wilmot looking down upon her with a grim smile ; but the next her comical assurance returned. {To be Continued.) 