Missing Manager, The Star Company in Trouble. A Commonwealth Formed.' The minstrel troupe, now playing at tha Gaioty Theatre have 'lately hod au'£experienba not, unfortunately, rare amongst that branoh of, the. profession. It appears that Borne weeks ago a man knownas Harry Kelly engaged the membeiB of the company down in Sydney,. on written engagements, for a 3-month season ?*** «&*uvt*««w (Uiu vuiai.-i^uoguruauu LvtYUDi Xlit7 salaries offered were not exceptionally' large, Kellr stating that as he was not poBBeased of a large bank account, he did not like .to promise Balaries whioh were beyond what the show might be expeoted to guarantee. This satisfied the engagers as to tho bonafidesof Kelly, and they aooepted the engagement for the three months* tour on Bmall weekly salaries, travellipf* arid board.expensea.. Ihe oompany arrived iri_Bris bone, and in due course opened, played' to a good. house the first night and fair houses subsequently. All apparently went well until yesterdays when in prof essipnal ? parlance; the ghost walked. The 'company turned up in force a* 'a.m. to.'rneet theghb.t and draw1 their salaries, but no ghost ' ar'^ared'.1 They remained at their post from 1' i m: ,to 5 p.m., but BtiU np ghost appeared, ^nd ,poHBequently no Bahwiea, we^'pald. ' Suspicions :TTero'then iuuuocu, nnu -unxious inquiries reBUl^ea in the discovery that Mr. Kejly had' left suddenly, presumably, for Syinoy,' without making any arrangements, so far as is known, for the payment of the week's salaries. Need less to state,_ the company, were Bomowhut irate at this violation of opntraot, more especially as the varions indiviouala were saddled with their own board accounts in addition to tho loss of the BalarieB. Acounoil of war was 'held and the situation considered. After some delibera tion it was decided that, at all events, the debts for board should be settled, and with this end in view, two members of the compsny, MessrB. J. R. 'Wadley and G. Gardner,, were appointed ' managers on behalf of the oompany,' to- run the show on oo operative principles fora Bhort season. The lessees, of the Ijheatre, on being- appealed to, .generously . oame forward to meet the members' in their pluoky effort to clear themselves of debt, and made an .arrange ment by which the' entertainment will be don tanued. The company''hbpe that1 by ' these meanB they .will. be. able J to pay off 'tha leg'aoy ,of ' debt left them by their Vanished proprietbr, and leave' the town 'at tha end of the season, at all, events, with a olesn Sheet. Personal1 remuneration they do not care bo mnoh for, if 'they oan only suooeed ia paying all bills. Tho absence of Mr. Kelly docs not affeot inhany way the performing strength of the company, and it is to be hoped that the honourable spirit shown by the mem bers will be appreciated by the publi ihere, and that during the remaindor of their Beasoh Rood houses will assist them;out of the hole, they have been thrown into, and help to put them on their legs ogam. «?«?.»-?? The antecedents of Mr. Harry Kelly are not very accessible, his movements before the en gagement of the company boiuo a blank mystery to the members, but thin little1 enisoda should have its influence over the future careen of that enterprising rninstrel entrepreneur. . ? 