THE EQUITABLE RECORD. We received from Mr. Bennion the Equitable Record. This paper contains most readable matter and is published in New York by the Coy. We copy below a beautiful poem which is equal (in our humble opinion) to any of the late Mr. Lindsay Gordon's Australian Poems:— JIM BLUDSO. Wall, no ! can't tell where lie lives, Because he don't live, you see: Leastways, he's got out of the habit Of livin' like you and me. Whar have you been for the last three years That you haven't heard folks tell How Jimmy Bludso passed in his checks, The night of the " Prairie Belle"? He warn't no saint—them engineers Is all pretty much alike— One wife in Natchez-under-the-Hill, And another one here, in Pike. A careless man in his talk was Jim, And an awkward man in a row; But he never pinked, and he never lied— I reckon he never know'd how. And this was all the religion he had: To treat his engine well; Never be passed on the river; To mind the pilot's bell; And if ever the " Prairie Belle" took fire, A thousand times he swore He'd hold her nozzle agin the bank Till the last sole got ashore. All boats has their day on the Mississip', And her day came at last— The Movastar was a better boat, But the Belle, she wouldn't be passed, And so came tearin' along that night, The oldest craft on the line, With a nigger squat on her safety-valve, And her furnaces crammed, rosin and pine. The fire burst out as she cl'ared the bar, And burnt hole in the night. And quick as a flash she turned, and made For that wilier-bank on the right. There was runnin' and cursin', but Jim yel- Over all the infernal roar, [led out, "I'll hold her nozzel agin the bank Till the last galoot's ashore." Thro' the hot, black breath of the burnin' Jim Bludso's voice was heard, [boat And they all had trust in his cussedness. And know'd he would keep his word. And sure's you're born, they all got off Afore the smoke-stacks fell, And Bludso's ghost went up alone In the smoke of the " Prairie Belle." He warn't no saint—but at Judgment I'd run my chance with Jim ' Longside of some pious gentlemen That wouldn't shook hands with him. He'd seen his duty a dead sure thing. And treat for it thar and then; And Christ ain't a-goin' to be too hard On a man that died for men. JOHN HAY. 