%ht fftorg-^elUr* THE KEY OF THE IRON SAFE. A MYSTERIOUS CFILMB. CHAPTER I. BY DETTON COOKK, in the Scotsman ] The firm of Wetherstone & Melbourne, solicitors, tenanted chambers in one of those vast;buildings, Aladoin's Palaces, devoted to business purposes which have of late years sprung up in London. It was a huge rabbitwarren of offieee, piled up high, floor upon floor, and filled with lawyer?, brokers, merchants, agents, and by the many who, escaping distinct classification, are oniy known vaguely to all their friends and acquaintances as "something in the City." Within the imposing entrance the long lists of tbe names of the inhabitants inscribed upon the walls were as pages afier pages of the Commercial Directory, printed in capisaL letters. From the hall a grand staircase ascended to amazing heights, and interniinable corridors branched oil' in all directions. Indeed, from the roofs above, where prodigious families of pigeons connregated, to the cellars below—a labyrinthine kingdom, possessed by a famous firm of wine merchants —the house—Great Grasshopper House Chambers, Gracechurch Street, was the proper addreBB—was qait° densely populated. All day long there reBuanded through its numerous passages the hummjeg aB of many hives of beeB. There were ecfroea ana reechoes of distant voices and footsteps; curious reverberations and whisperings seemed to lurk in all the nooks and corners of the edifice; while the closing or slamming of remote doors produced sounds now of a rumbling, thunderous sort, and nosv of the sharply explosive character of pistol shots. It waB a moBt busy place. This, of course, was AD in fha the ilitetirna daytime. At Af night, ninkf Great flua^ Grassbopper House was as a temple of the dead, I ts tenants all had fled from it. A strange hush fell upon it; all waB solemnity and silence, Life_ seemed wholly extinct in it, save that at intervale a watchman or caretaker, carrying a lanthorn and wearing a sort human glow-worm look, crept quietly about the halls, passages, and Btaircases, to secure the building and its contents against injury from thieves or fire. A''tell-tale" clock enabled hiB employers to ascertain whether this functionary had or had not performed his nocturnal duties regularly and punctually. Mx. Netherstoue, the head of the firm, wa B not- in a position to stir himself much about its transactions. He was of advanced age, acd his state of health was precarious; he had not absolutely retired from business, but he only visited London occasionally, residing for the most part in his picturesque and comfortable villa at Torquay. He placed implicit confidence in his junior partner, Mr. Daniel Mil bourne, and by him was kept constantly advised concerning the proceedings at the office. The partners were friends of long standing; Mr. Milbourne even had been articled to Mr. Netherston. They had prospered greatly, enjoying the confidence oi numerous clients of wealth and distinctioninthe City. Thay were conccrnad for many public companies and institutions of importance. Altogether they were to be i viewed as solicitors of enviable repaid acd geed fortune. j Mr. Milbourne was now of middle ap;e, hnd looked perhaps older than he really was. The flight of the years found record in tac lines upor. his forehead and the deep wrinklea about hiH eyes; in the iron-grey of his hair, anrt a ccrlain dimness of sight whioh compelled him to resort to spectacles very frequently._ He was less upright of figure that he had been; of late years his shoulders had become rounded somewhat, the result, perhap", of his habitual beading over hia detk p.; the attitude of writing. He had never married ; a love affair in early life, resulting in bitter disappointment, was alleged to be the explanation of his celibate state. But no one spoke on the subject now; —~ —a —.u :<\- — t is understood to be very uninteresting to everybedy, Mr. Milbourne occupied handsome apartments in Clarges Street, Piccadilly. He' hid been for many - years - the tenant of Mrs. Bellamy's drawing-rooms in that street. He did not pretend to be a man of fashion, b'jt he admired_and enjoyed the West End of London. He usually dined at his Club, the Mausoleum, in Pall Mall, After dinner he repaired to the card-room of that establishment; nothing pleased him so much as a game of whist. Indeed, whist may be described as his special hobby and form of rtcreation. Whist had been known to keep him up very late at night, and away from his bed in Clarges Street. But aB Mrs. Bellamy was wont to observe, "he gave no trouble.' He let himself in with his latchkey, lighted his candle, and crept upstairs as quiet as a mouse, And Mrs. Bellamy had known gentlemen that were uncommonly noisy to be sure, when they came home at I nights. Bui Mr. Milboarne was so steady and considerate, he was quite beyond praise ; while for punctuality in the payment of h's debts to her, clockwork WS,B nothing to hiir. So Mrs. Bellamy maintained. One morning, between eleven and twelve, a sprightly, ' Bharp-featured young m.n knocked at the door in Clarges Street. Mrs. Bellamy promptly appeared. Sire usually deputed the duty of opening the door to cne of her servants; she employed two, Eke was wont to state with come pride, and there was no need therefore for her to perform menial duties. But, as she afcerwards observed, it was a morning of some confusion, and she was never above b.icg useful; happening to be in the hall when tbe knock came to the door, she had straightway opened it. The young man smiled and nodded in a manner that might be thought affible by some and impudent by otners. Mrs. Be'lamy not being quite clear which it was, preserved a stately calm, and a certain rigidity of port as she turned questioning locks upon the visitor. " You remember me ;" he eaid, quickly. "I'm Mr. Callow. From the office." "Oh, I see, Mr. Milbourne's articled young gentleman," she answered, with a change of aspect. Then, after a pause, she asked, "Do you bring any message from him?" "From him? No. I wanted to see him." " He iB not in at present." " When do you expect him in?" " I can't Bay, I don't know when to expect him." "At what time did he start for the City?" Mrs, Bellamy seemed Woubltd how to reply. Presently she said with some hesitation, " I really don't know anything of Mr. Milbourne's movements." The fact is," said the young man, " we can't get on without the key of the iron safe. As Mr. Milbourne did not turn up at his usual time, I've been sent here to ask about him, and get his key. We thought he must be ill, or something or other had happened to detain him. Mr. Kimber—our ohief clerk, you know—told me to come here aB quickly as I could ani make enquiries." " Mr. Milbourne's not at the office then f said Mrs. Bellamy. " Of courte he isn't, or I shouldn't have come here to ask about him." " It's odd. I thought perhaps he'd gone on straight to the office. I have not seen him this morning ; now I think of it, I haven't seen him since yesterday morning." " Well, if he isn't here, and isn't at tbe office," observed the articled clerk, "the question is, where the deuce is he?" " Ur.e can't help feeling a little anxiouB," said Mrs, Bellamy nervously—the colour had faded from her cheeks, which were not pallid ordinarily, and her voice trembled somewhat, " One does hear of such dreadful things happening. I suppose it't no use beating about the bush. It's best to tell the truth." "The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. • That's your sort," Baid Mr. fallow, laughing. " I don't know that there's much to laugh at," Mrs, Bellamy returned, with an air of reproof. " But I must tell you that Mi. Milbourne did not come home last night." /'Not at all! Stayed out all night!" In his surprise the articled clerk whistled noisily. " If such a thing had happened to me people would have said all manner of things." " But Mr. Milbourne's so particularly steady and respectable," " I daresay the steady and respectable have their larks occasionally, you k&o;?/," said Mr. Callow. "But think of his time of life. Why, he's i quite old." . " I don't know whether some of those old j boys don't have more fun than the young ones," the articled clerk remarked sagely. ; " One thing, the old boys have UP-J ally more money to fling about them. And fun costs , money; that's my experience. All the same, I I never saw many symptoms of fun about , Mr. Milbonrne. What's become of him I i wonder? We shall have to advertise for him, I suppose. 'Lost, stolen, or strayed, an elderly gent., answers to the name of , Milbourne, Christian name Daniel. Round shouldered, hook nosed, grey haired, uses spectacles, takes snuff, carries an umbrella, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;' Depend upon it's a case for the police." " It's no laughing matter, Mr, Callow. That's my opinion of it," Mrs Bellamy was quite right. It vraa not a laughing matter. CHAPTER II. Mr. Callow spent many hours riding in a hansom cab to and from Clarges Street and Great Grasshopper House, making enquiries concerning Mr. Milbourne. It was taken for granted that he would present himBelf iu the oourse of the day either at the office or at his residence. But time passed, he did not appear, and no tidings of him were forthcoming. It was evidently inconvenient, to say the least of it, Mr. Kimber, tbe chief clerk, was much perplexed. He tried to persuade himself that Mr. Milbonrne had been suddenly sent for or accidentally detained eomewhere. So many things might have happened. He might have been summoned some distance to take instructions for a will, say, a client in extremis, who could not be left for a momtct, who had many instructions to give, and was only intermittently competent to give them or to advise with his solicitor; or j suppose that Mr. Milbourne himself, or that j some one of his next relations, had been I seized with illness. Was that so improbable? j Throughout the day Mr. Kimber continued ! to watch tbe office door, and to listen for the sound cf approaching fjotateps. If Mr. Milbourne himself did not appear—and it was always likely that he would—it was only reasonable that a messenger, a frieod, a pcBtman, a telegraph boy, would bring news of him. Still no news of him came. A 8 the hours went by Mr. Kimber grew more and more uneasy. He could scarcely conceal new that he was anxious and alarmed. " Something must have happened," he said to himBelf over and ' over again; and soon he was persuading himself that the something in question was something serious—something very serious indeed. He did not wi-sh it to be thought, however, he had taken alarm too readily. He might undergo reproach if he acted too energetically or treated as a grave mystery a matter which might really ba susceptible of a very simple explanation. It would be too absurd if lie were to raise a hue and cry, or set the police about a man who might be distant only a stone's throw, or coming round the corner, safeandsound, even at the Tery moment of a great search for him beiDgset on foot. For these reasons Mr. Kimber was loth to quit his attitude of waiting and watching, the while he reflected that eoon he ! mnst do something—he knew not what—but something—if Mr Milbourne did not presently appear. ' So unlike Mr. Milbourne," he_ frequently repeated. " So very unlike Mr. Milbonrne. He never did such a thing before. To think that we should be all day long without the key of the safe?" It is to he explained, however, that Mr. Milbourne Ms!- not in the habit of taking away thiB key with him, for it was an instrument of substantial size and weight, by no means suited for deposit in a gentleman's pocket. He was usually content to place the key in bis writing-desk, which was secured by a patent lock. Arriving at his office, it had been hiB wont to nnlock his desk and release the key of the safe, which was not, it will be understood, a mere strong box, but an iron- ] case chamber of some size, containing all the more important books, papers, and wiitings of the firm. Mr. Kimber was surprised to find that Mr. Milbourne's desk had been left unlocked; the key of the safe was not within it, however. Access to the safe was very necessary for the carrying on of the business of the firm. Certain of the clerks found some difficulty in sufficiently occupying themselves in the absence of the key and of Mr. Milbourne. A duplicate key, as Mr. Kimber knew, was in the hands of Mr. Netherston at Torquay, It might become necessary to apprise Mr. Netherstone of Mr. Milbourne's noa-appearance, and apply for the duplicate key. " But this was not a step to be taken without deliberation. It was very desirable that in his s ate of health Mr, Netherston should not be troubled. Bu5 of course he s-ould have to be troubled iu the event of Mr. Milbourne's absence continuing. The "ay passed. To Mr. Kimber's great distress nothing was seen or heard of Mr. Milbource. Mr. Kimber resolved that he vould defer action in the matter until the following uiornipg. It was probatle that the Early po3t would bring news of the absent Eolicitor. Mr. Kimber, however, passed a very restlees night. . 1 :—; came, still Mr. Milbourne did did any letter, message, or i him arrive at the office. Mr. Kimber resolved that there was now no help for it; the police muBt be communicated with, although no public alarm was yet to ba given, Mr. Callow was dispatched by express train to Torquay, the hearer of a letter to Mr, Netherston, informing him of tbe position of affairs, and applying for his duplicate key. The police-constable consulted as to the disappearance of Mr. Milbourne enquired %thc-n fce was last seen. Inspector Ferraby, an officer of repute for his sagacity and energy, took charge of the caBe. The Inspector's questions, and the answers be obtained both in the City and at the West End, informed him of Mr. Milbourne's habits and ways of life. In the matter of work, it seemed, he waB not accustomed to spare himself ; he was never in a hurry to quit his de6k._ Occasionally, but not often, he had remained in his office after the departure of his clerkB. Had he remained in his office on the night of his disappearance ? It really seemed that he had. He had dismissed the clerks, telling them that there was no occasion for them to remain. He waB always a considerate gentleman, they said ; but he had some writing to do, he stated, and he could best accomplish it in the quiet of Great Grasshopper House after office hours. Mr. Kimber had left Mr. Milbourne seated at his desk in his private room, which opened into the clerks' office. Mr. Kimber had turned down the gas, but had not turned it off, knowing that Mr. Milbourne would require some light to find his way to the outer passage. Hall-an-hour after the closing of the offices it was usual for the housekeeper, who lived on the premises, or her servants, to enter with brooms and brushes, to sweep up any .dust or litter, rake out the grates, and generally tidy and cleanBe the rooms. Inspector Ferraby examined the housekeeper. She had entered the offices at her usual time. It might have been half-p»t seven or a quarter to eight. Mr. Milbourne was not there then. The offices were quite empty. She had not seen or heard Mr. Milbource go. In so large a building it was quite a chance if she ever heard or saw the goicgor the coming of any person in particular, bhe knew that he had gone, however, because fhe did not see his nat or his umbgella. He always carried an umbrella. Supposing, then, that Mr. Milbourne had left his cilice at seven o'clock, say, whither had be gone? Not to Claree3-street. Mrs. Bellamy was quite positive as to that. Nor to his Club. The Inspector had carefully enquired at the Mausoleum. Mr. Milbourne had not dined there upon the night in question. Nor had he been seen there since. It came to this, then—Mr. Milbourne had been last seen alone by Mr. Kimber at about half-past six. The Eolicitor was sitting at his desk ; he said simply that he should not be long, but that he wanted nothing more, and no one need wait for him; and in a friendly way he bade his chief clerk good night. An hour later, and his room was empty. He had gone forth, and nothing more was known of him. No one had seen him. To be preoise, it was on the night of Taesday the 14th March that Mr. Milbourne disappeared. It was on the morning of the 15th that Mr. Callow called in Clarges-street; on the 16th he waB sent down to Mr. Netherston at Torquay, who forthwith telegraphed that he would himself arrive in London on the 17th, bringing with him his duplicate key of the iron safe. Inspector Ferraby confeEsed to himself that he was puuled. He was careful not to confess as much to anybody else, - however. Indeed, he did not hesitate to maintain that he possessed a clue to the mystery, the while he assumed an aspect of shrewd reserve and calm vigilance. He had fairly taken up .his abode in Great Grasshopper HouBe, CHAPTER HI. With the presence of Mr. Netherston ut>on the scene, and the production of his duplicate the mystery of the disappearance of Mr. Milbourne waB solved, but in the most painful and even appalling manner. The strong room having been opened, the body of the missing solicitor was discovered in a huddled attitude upon the iron floor. Apparently the poor man bad been thrust into the room with some violence. There was a wound upon his scalp where his head had struck against one of the iron shelves of the safe. He had, perhaps, already assumed his hat and umbrella when the murderous assault waB made upon him; at »ny rate, these rested beside his body. It was possible, of course, that they had been flung into the safe after him, " Murder," observed Mr. Ferraby, in a low tone, " if there ever was a murder." Mr. Nertherston was deeply affected. He staggered back in a fainting state, and but for the support of Mr. Kimber would have ; fallen heavily. Presently he recovered himself, however, and said with great solemnity and force, " My poor partner! 1 have lost thb best and truest friend man ever had. One more true-hearted and right-minded, more just and honourable in all his dealings, more kind and tender and amiable in all the relations of life than my poor partner, Daniel Milbourne, never trod • - the - earth. - But ~ our duty iB clear. A foul and cruel murder has been committed. Justice must be vindicated. God will help us to discover the criminal and avenge the crime. Inspector, you will understand that no expense will be spared. There will be an inquest, of course. No doubt the Government will offer a reward for the discovery of the murderer. I shall myself offer a like reward, or a larger. I will BpaTC no pains or ir.oney in discovering and dragging to justice the assassin of Daniel Milbourne." A doctor was sent for, but rather as a matter of iform than for any other reason. He pronounced, what all knew beforehand, that Mr. Milbonrne had been dead some days; that he had died of sutf jcation. Excepting the wound upon hie head, his body showed no marks of violence. His dress was not torn or disordered in any way. There was no evidence of his having been engaged in any conflict with his murderer. A forcible push into the strong room, and then the qaick turning of the key upon him, and the murder of Daniel Milbourne seemed to have been accomplished." "A word with you, Inspector," said Mr. Netherston. They converted in low tones apart from the others. " Who has done this " " That's rather more than I can tell you at present, sir," answered Inspector Ferraby. " Do you suspect any one V" " In cases of this kind I make it a rule to suFpect all parties until I find evidence pointing to one party in particular. We begin in the dark, of course; that's nature, that is. But we grope our way to the light by degrees ; or the light dawns upon us." " But what is your first step usually in a esse oi this kind ? " " We look about us, sir. We watch and wait. Sometimes the other side, I mean the criminal, does something to help us—tries to throw us off the scent, and_ so puts us on. Criminals must always be doing something ; they can't keep quiet. That's the nature of criminals, and then we ask ourselves, who had anything to gain by the murder ? and who was last with the murdered? That helps ns, you know." " Kimber waB last seen with Mr. Milbourne." , T " Most respectable man, Mr. Kimber, I have no doubt," observedthelnspector." Valuable and confidential clerk, I understand; been in the service ef this firm a great number of years. Man of excellent character, who could producc, I undertake to say, any nnmber of first-class testimonials. Might I ask if you ever contemplated giving him his articles—that's the correct expression, I believe, and taking him into tbe firm ? Or, to put it planner— had Mr. Kimber anything to gain by the death of either of the partners ? Would his own interest be advanced in any way by the removal of Mr. Milbourne?" " Good heavens, man," cried Mr. Netherston, " you don't suspect Kimber of the murder ? You might with just reason Buspect me." Pardon me, Mr. Netherston," said the Inspector, " you could prove a clear alibi, \ou know, you were at Torquay. Now Mr. Kimber was on the spot, and more than that he was the last person who saw Mr. Milbourne alone. The murder was committed between six and eight o'clock, we'll say. Kimber admits that he was on the premises until six. That brings him rather near the crime, to say the least of it. You see, he had abundance of opportunity. He knew all about the safe. It was very easy for him, so respected and valued as a confidential servant, to approach quite close to his employer and give him a push. It was the work of a moment, no doubt. Mind, I don't say that : Kimber did it; that's to be proved. But as I we must suspect some one, why not Kimber ? 1 After all, what do you know of Kimber really? What do employers ever kmv of the private lives, th6 doings, and goic/". u, of their clerks? For all you know, Kiiuoer may have speculated deeply and lost—not on the turf,that is not likely—but on the Stock Exchange; or he may have robbed you, embezzled money and falsified the accounts. Such things are done every day. Of course you have never suspected him, and have not found him out. Bat suppose Mr. Milbourne made certain discoveries, and remained late at the office to have a private talk with Mr, Kimber, cut of hearing cf the other clerks; it . might—I don't go futther than that—I say ; it might be worth Kimber's while to push his employer into the strong room, and make an end cf him. Sudden provocation, what the doctors call homicidal impulse, and the thing's done." ! "If jcu suspect Kimber you may as well ! suspect any and everybody else. The other clerks, the housekeeper, her servants, the watchman, the people in the adjoining chambers, the other tenants of officeB in Great Gr&EEhcjJper; House, the commissionaire at the entrance, the policeman outside, the very passers-by in the streets." "I may happen to Euspect a good many before I find the right one to suspect," said the Inspector, quietly. " But I must begin with some one, so I begin with Kimber." I " There will be no end of it. We shall get i into such a Btate of suspicion that we shall thing everything, the most trifling article | about us, suspicious, and possible evidence ! in the case." As Mr. Netherston spoke, hs 1 glanced round the room, seeking, as it seemed, j means of illustrating his remarks. " Tho-e I gloves, for instance." He pointed to a piir ' of light tan-coloured gloves resting upon Mr. I Milbourne's writing-table, and but half t hidden by the inkstand. " Whose gloves ! arc they, by the way? They're not miLa." I " Nor mine," said the Inspector. 1 " No, nor poor Milbourne's. He never wore gloves of that colour, and he could not have squeezed hia hands into gloves of that Bize," | Inspector Ferraby promptly took posses- ! sion of the gloves, and, with an assumption of a careless air, he sought their owner. He ascertained that they did not belong to Mr. j Kimber, to Mr. Callow, or to any of the other clerks in the office. They were a man's gloves of small size. They had been worn, bnt were not much soiled. • To whom did they belong? Were they, indeed, to be considered as a clue to the discovery of poor Mr, Milbourne's murderer. The Inspector examined them closely. Did they present any marks by which their owner might be traced? The Inspector smelt them. 1 Was there not a faint odour about them, as of sulphur or turpentine, betraying that they had been cleaned? Where these signs initials ? This was certainly the name of the maker or of the trader who had vended them; and the figures denoting the size were plainly visible, "7^." A stranger's gloves found in the murdsrea man's room! The Inspector wrapped the gloves in paper and deposited them in bis pocket. He made an entry of Bome length in his note book, and then he took to brooding a good deal over the matter of the murder, aa though discovery could be arrived at by a sort of incubative process. CHAPTER IV. The murder made a great stir. The newspapers found it an exciting theme. Reporters, descriptive writers, and draughtsmen upon wood for the illustrated journals clustered about Great Grasshopper Hous9 day after day providing the public with the latest intelligence of the occurrence, with pictures and portraits of the places and persons most concerned. The Great Grasshoiiper House Tragedy—as it came to be called—waB speedily a general topic of conversation, and even took rank, as an eminent writer expressed it," among the few domestic events which by the depth and the expansion of horror attending them rise to the dignitv of a national interest." It was pointed out on all sides [that what had been Daniel Milbourne's fate yesterday might be the fate of any other lawyer, merchant, or man of business to-morrow, or even to-day. And people asked each other nervously, " Who was safe ?"—nor was any satisfactory reply forthcoming. There was, of course, an inquest. The Coroner's jury viewed the body, the strong room,' and generally the premises occupied by tbe firm of Netherston & Milbourne. ' The facts of which the reader has already been informed were duly stated in evidence by Mr. Netherston, Mr. Kimber, Mr. Callow, 1 and others. There had been a post mortem examination of the body. Inspector Ferraby was called. In the course of his testimony 1 he produced the gloves fcund in Mr. Milbourne's room. He was obliged to confess, however, that he had not succeeded in tracing the gloves to their owner. The case waB enveloped in mystery. It was proposed that there should be an open verdict—Wilful murder against some person or persons unknown. | Suddenly a voice was heard in the Court, " Mr. Coroner, I request that my evidence may be heard. Those gloves are mine. I identify them." There was considerable excitement, or what the newspapers call "sensation," in Court. A gentlemanly-looking, well-dressed young man stepped into the witness- box. He was of fair complexion, but somewhat sunburned, with light-coloured and curling hair, a small moustache, but no whiskers. He possessed regular features, almost effeminate in their delicacy and refinement. His appearance ' altogether might have been properly described by the reporter as prepossessing," but that the term is usually reserved for female witnesses or prisoners. His manner was reasonably calm. It was clear that he was discharging a duty that was new and not agreeable to him. He was unaccustomed to give evidence in Court, and he felt apparently, as others have felt before him, that the position of a witness before a legal tribunal is one of embarrassment and difficulty. Moreover, the gravity of the case in which he appeared could hardly be exaggerated. His name, it appered, was CharleB Delmar, He was not in business. He possessed some means of hiB own, aud he confessed that he made money on the turf. A bill of exchange accepted by him had come into the posaesson of a client of the firm of Netherston & Milbonrne. He had failed to honour his acceptance. He had been threatened, therefore, with legal proceedings, and produced the letter he had received from the firm. It informed him that a writ would be issued against him on the liith of March. To avoid this he hurried up from Newmarket on the afternoon of the 14th. He was late in calling at the office of Messrs. Netherston & Mi'- bourne, for hie train had been considerably behind its time. He brought with him money to Eatufy the claim made by the lawyers on behalf of their client. It was later than six o'clock when he reached the office of the firm, but he could not say ho n mu;h later. It might have been half-past six. The clerks .had left.apparently, but the , doors were not closed and the gas was burning in tbe office. A gentleman who stated himself to be Mr. Milbourne, came . from an inner room. Ttie witness had never I seen him before, had never before entered the Great Grasshopper House. He explained to Mr. Milbourne the object of his visit. His interview scarcely lasted five minutes. He handed the solicitor bank notes for eighty pounds, with one sovereign and some odd silver—be could not state the precise amount —in settlement of the claim for interest and legal expenses. In return he received the dishonoured bill, which he produced. He did not ask for a formal receipt—he was content to obtain possession of the bilL Why did he pay in bank notes? He had received batk notes upon Newmarket racecourse, and had naturally applied these to satisfy the demand made upon him. Mr. Milbourne would probably have demurred to accepting his chcque in exchange. The interview over, the matter of business concluded, he had left Mr. Milbourne at hiB deek. Could not say whether he bad or not in going out closed the door of the cffice behind him. Had noticed the large iron safe—it waB open, and the key stood in the lock, he thought, but he was not sure. Had not observed any one lurking about the entrance to the office. All waB very quiet. Did not remember meeting any one in the passages. Did not miss his gloves immediately: thought, at first, he must have left them in the cab which conveyed him from the station to Great Grasshopper House. Recollected afterwards that he had them on when be entered the lawyer's office; but it was too late then to go back for them. He had left London the following morning. Had not seen the newspapers for some daya. Directly be heard of the murder he hurried back to town to give evidence before the Coroner. He had only arrived in town that morning. Had now told the Court all he knew. In reply to the Coroner's enquiry as to the numbers of the bank notes he had paid Mr. Milbourne, he replied that he did not know tbe numbers. Many bank notes passed through his hands, but be never kept account of their numbers. The notes came to him fiom strangers for whom he had made bets on commission. The notes probably had been obtained from the local banks about Newmarket. He understood, however, that conutry banks did not record the numbers of the Bank of England noteB they received or i paid out. I It was judged that Mr. Delmar had given his evidence very fairly. He had answered promptly every question put to him. An adjournment of the inquest was proposed, but the Coroner thought that upon the whole tbey might as well terminate their labours, , and leave further proceedings to the police, ! So the jury returned an open verdict. j CHAPTER V. Large rewards were offered for the arrest ; acd conviction of the murderer or murderers I of !>.iiiel Milbourne, and it was understood the police were most active and indefatig- . able in their endeavourB to solve the mystery of the crime, and to bring the guilty to justice. No arrests were made, however, t and tbe people began to talk lightly of the intelligence of our officers of the law, and to enquire rather contemptuously concerning ! " the theory of the police." Much was saii I indeed at this time as to "the theory of the pclice," The newspapers optned their columns to very diffuse correspondence upon the subject; amateur detectives from all parts of the country proffered suggestions as [ to the proper course to be pursued. It was proposed th&t; arrests should be made now of Mr. Kimber, now of Mr. Netherston, and ! now of young Mr. Callow, the articled clerk. ! Some viewed with suspicion the evidence of Mr. Delmar; others held it to be certain that the housekeeper and caretaker at Great Grasshopper House knew more about the murder than they professed to know. Ia certain quarters a desire prevailed that poor Mrs. Bellamy should be brought before a magistrate. Altogether much advice was forthcoming of an impulsive, ill-digested, and therefore rather worthless sort. The police kept their own counsel; if they had formed any theory they were careful not to say what it was. They looked aB wise as they could, but held their tongues. So far they, at any rate, proved their prudence. General opinion accounted for the murder in this manner—Some evil disposed person, lurking about in the deserted passage of Great Grasehopper House, had watched Mr. Delmar enter the solicitor's office, and seen him transfer bank notes to Mr. Milbourne in exchange for the dishonoured bill. Mr. Delmar having taken his departure, it was easy for the evil-disposed person to steal behind Mr, Milbourne, snatch the notes from him, and suddenly thrust him iato his own safe. The bank notes, of course, were misBing, without any chance of their being traced. The key of the safe was also missing. For some time Mr. Kimber was unpleasantly conscious that he was an object of suspicion. Turn which way he would, he saw, or fancied that he saw, the eye of a policeman fixed upon him in a Bcrntinising and distrustful manner. It was hard; for few men regretted the decease of his employer more sincerely than did Mr, Kimber. He could only rely upon the excellence of his character, his well-known respectability, and hope that in time he might live down the misgivings on his account, even of the police. It was different with Mr. Delmar. He, too was under surveillance. The tall, thia figure of Inspector Ferraby followed him like his shadow. But he had not Mr. Kimber's consolation. Mr. Delmar had no reserve of reputation to fall back upon. He turned npon the officer one day— " Look here. I have had about enough of this. When are you going to let me alone? When is there to be an end of this ?" "When the murderer of Daniel Milbourne is discovered," said the Inspector. "Give a dog a bad name and hang him. You want to bang me, I suppose." " I want to hang the murderer of Daniel Milbourne." " I know I'm a bad character; that my kind of life isn't considered respectable. People think because a man bets he needs must be a rogue; that all are black sheep who go on the turf. But, like some one else, we are not so black as we are painted. I'm a man of good family, I'd have yoa know. M y father was a clergyman. I received a University education. I've lived like a gentleman, though I do attend races, and now and tben, I admit it, am terribly clown on my luck." " I know all this about you, and more, Mr. Delmar," said the Inspector. " You persist, then, in dogging my footsteps, in haunting me like a ghost?" I must do my duty, Mr. Delmar." " The reward temptB you, I suppose. Old Netherston, I hear, is very liberal with his money. He'd pay any amonnt, they tell me, to discover the party who was really guilty of the murder." *' Mr. Netherston does what he thinks his duty, and I do what I think mine." " Then I'm to see yoa whichever way I go, am I ? You're to follow me whither I go, east, west, north, or aoutb, are you 1 Well, I warn you ; its enough to madden a man. You may try my patience too far. And Bome day when I look round and find you following my footsteps, I shall be tempted to " "Not to murder me, Mr. Delmar?" As the Inspectorspoke, he seized the young man by the arm, " No," said Mr. Delmar, with a strange laugh, " not to murder you, Mr. Inspector, only to give you in charge. As I said before, 1 warn you." Mr. Delmar turned on his heel and departed. There was a cruel and wrathfnl expression on his face. He was of a Jdeadly pallor, and his blue eyes flashed angrily. The Inspector mused — a violent man, of viciouB habits of life, liable to fits of passion, unscrupulous, vindictive, pitiless. He ia capable of any crime. He carries a revolver. He wonld have shot me then if he had dared, or the chance had seemed favorable. I know tbe man now. He did it. The Inspector walked on slowly, meditating as he went, in the direction Mr. Delmar had taken. It was a bold step, his coming forward to claim his gloves ana give evidence, and he did it very welL But he received little money at Newmarket that day, and brought no Ibank notes to London. He went to the cffice to beg for time, probably. The temptation to snatch the dishonored bill was too much for him; he yielded. The murder resulted. A little more evidence and the warrant might isBue. From time to time the Innpector entored in hiB pocket- book notes regarding Mr. Delmar and his movements. He was now at Chester, now at Croydon, at Stockbridge, Bath, York, Epsom, and other places. He was rarely absent from any race-mcetings of importance. He had many acquaintances, but few friends, no intimates. By his family he had been altogether discarded. The Inspector coted that here he had been a large winner, there a heavy loser. But upon the whole it Eeemed that_ his losings considerably exceeded his winnings. Curious particulars of "s expenditure were here and there entered into the Inspector's note-book; his trade i- nien's, tavern, and other bills. " He smokes too much._ Drinks too much. He sleaiis badly. His health seeme giving way. He hsa a fit at Salisbury. He grows poorer and poorer. He had been again and egain to the pawnbroker." There were many entries of that kind in the Inspector's book. In London it appeared that he usually Btayrd at certain hotels of the Becond class at the Wtst End. Bat it was noted that he occa- I sionally oocupied a room in a humble lodging houee in the Bloomsbury quarter, adjaoent to Red Lion-square. „ CHAPTER VI. home months went by. It was now Christmas time. A very'oold Christmas, with the snow heavy npon roadways and roof- Natures face all white with the cold—and the wind whist.ing and rowing round the Etreet corners with a sort of frantic Bavaganess. Inspector Ferraby was Btili active, though he looked blue and pincbed enough, for all the close buttoning-up of his heavy overcoat aiid the thick muffling of his neck and chin. Bad the time for action really co me last? After a cloic conference with old Mr. Netherston, Inspector Ferraby had sought the authorities at Bond street. A warrant was issued for the immediate apprehension of Charles Delmar, charged with the murder of Daniel Milbourne. There was great excitement in the little street in B'oomsbury; not only because of the appearance upon the scene of Inspector Ferraby in a cab accompanied by two policemen, but a cry of alarm had arisen from one of the houses in the street—a lodging-house. With one accord all tbe windows in the neighbourhood seemed to be flung openregardless of the bitterly bleak weather, and clusters of heads, young and old, tidy ani untidy, forthwith protruded. " What's the matter?" people asked, their teeth obattering in the cold. Someone - answered—" Well, they do say as one of Mrs, Grimstone's lodgers, the gentleman in the back attic, has gone and shot lusself." "Am I too late?" murmured Inspector Ferraby, as he mounted the stairs. It was a low-ceilinged, meanly furnished room, with tattered walls, and an uneven creaking floor. The light filtered through the Bnow-spattered window fell npon fte - bed, npon the body of Charles Delmar stretched acrosB it. A pistol had fallen on tbe floor beside a pool of blood. The face was scarcely disfigured; but there was a small, dark wonnd, through which the bnllet had Ipassed, in the centre of the forehead. Death, it was plain, had been instantaneous. He was half undressed ; his cheeks were hollow, and there were deep lines about hia white lips, but be looked very handsome still. His face had even gained a refinement of expression. " Snch a nice gentleman aa be was," sobbed Mrs. Grimstone. " So pleasant spoken always, and BO liberal witn his money so long as he had any." " T)on't cry,'' said the Inspector. " I shall never get such another lodger, thocgh I must say that if he was obligated to kill histelf, I wish as he'd done it anywhere elBe. It's so unsettling in a lodginghouse, and so hard upon a landlady—at Christmas time, too, of all others. But what'StChristmaB time to him, now, poor gentleman For the matter of that, what'a Christmas time to a good many others, that's a'most as poor and pale and cold and dead aa he is, poor dear !" And she burst into tears. The InEpector was eying the floor inquisitively. Presently he stooped, and with the help of a large clasp knife succeeded in raising a portion of one of the boards. He found beneath it a rusty key. He examined it carefully, and observed aa he thrust it into his socket—"Beyond a doubt, the key of that iron safe." 