Our Melbourne Lett.er. (ptOM OURI OWNi COBliESPONDENT.) MIELBOURNE, Sept. 25. The Sunday Cloture. Ta- Government haing thouglht fit, in the face of a very strong opposition in the House, to withdraw the cloture portion of their reso lutiuns on the subject of 'Parliamentary pro cedure, seem resolved to bring it into operation in connection with tbe press, so far at least as the publication of a Sunday newspaper Is concerned. .Mr. W. H. 1i. Bailey, who started tlie Sunday Tibes, and afterwards the Sunday News, in Sydney, arrived in Meol bourne not long ago, alter acting for a short period as immigration agent or lecturer for New South Wales in Englend. It will be remembered that Sir Heury Parkes had some dilliculhy in getting the vots of £200 for this gentleman's. ecrices passed through the Assembly. Well, on the arrival of Mr. Bailoey in Melbourne, he cast his eyes round to see what. journalistic, want he could fill, and at once recognisecd the fact that Mel bourne had no Sunday newspaper-a want which he at once set to work to remedy-in fact, he succeeded in making arrangements to bring out such a paper, when the Government announced its intention of stopping it, even if they had to bring in a special bill to do so -at which, of course, MIr. Lailcy took alarm, and last Sunday night he addroesed about 1000 people assembled at the Palace Hotel on the subject, and resolutions were passed pointing out that such a bill would be an in fringement on the rights of a free and inde pendent people. 'these resolutions were presented to the Premier yesterday, and that gentleman promised to consider them, and that was all. In the meantime the bill has been printed, and there is little doubt that it will pass. It is so framed, however, as to allow existing neaspapere to bring out "extraordinariecs" on the Sabbath on ques tions of "national and public importance," but-mark this- not more than three times a year ! Truly, we are a peculiar people in marvellous Melbourne. Peculiar Railway Accidents. We have had three most peculiar railway accidents during the week, two of which have terminated fatally, and the third is expected to do so. In the first place, a Mrs. O'Keefe, an elderly lady, was crossing the line near Williamstown, when she was knocked down, and the lodwer part of one of her legs a litle above the an!le completely severed from the rest of her body and carried several yards. In was then sIi.lnight, and the train was the last that day. The unfortunate woman was aware of thiis, and therefore had little hope of rehlief before inorning, if she lived so long, for she nae bleeding profusely from the amputated limb and was suirering terrible agony. Neverthelees, she managed by tearing up some ot li her uindorclothitig to bind up her wound, and so prevent her self from bleedi:g to death. And so she lay the livelong night throuoh, and was only discovered on the followving morning when she was in a terribole stat,.of collasac from .... tho shock. She .died this afternoon. TIlhe Second victim was Mr. Jacob Hart, the sec retary of the M.TJ UI.O.O.F., who ,had pro ceeded to St. Kilda, where he resided by the last train. When the train stopped, for some reeson or other not elearly explained, he opened the door on the wrong side, and went to stop on to the platform, but, fell to the ground instead. His head was badly cut and so was his knee. He was sent home in a cab, but died ear:y the following norning. At the inquest it was shown thikt the deceased ilad been asleep on the journey, and had got oat of the train in a dazed condition. It was also proved that Hart was not likely to have lived long under any circumstances. The third accident was perhaps more peculiar than either of the others. 'The victim in this case was a railway guard named David Beattie. He was guard of the 12 45 down train to Warragal, last night, and when the .train reached its destination Beattie was missing. Search was made in every part-of the train, but without success. It was then concluded that he had fallen out of the train on the journey to Warragal, and early this morning a careful watch was kept by the 6i o'clock train from Warragal, and sure enough Bouttio was found lying on tile line in an un conscious state, showing signs of being very badly hurt nbout the face, while it was after w'rds found that his skull was fractured. He is now lying in the Melbourne hospital in a most precarious condition, and it is considered extremely unlikely that he will get over the accident. Heo is only 30 years of age, has been ten years in the rail way service, and is considered one of the most efficient guards in Victoria. It is sup posed that lhe neccidentally fell out of one of the van doors, both of them being found open. Extraordinary Scene itn a Cemetery. What has the appearance of a page or two of sensational reading from a shilling shocker appears in to-day's Melbourne journals. It seems that a few nights ago the Queen'e Head Hotel at IIotliam was broken into and several cases of spirits stolen. The whole of this plunder was removed to the old West Mel bourne cemetery, where it was " planted." At all events, it was found there yesterday morning by the .cemetery caretaker hidden under a tombstone, and lying safely concealed within the canty beneath. The caretaker's attent"on has been attracted to it by the fact that the tombstone (erected to the memt rj of one of Victoria's oldest colonists) had not been put back Equarely in its place. After looking at the articles beneath, the caretaker replaced the stone, and conmmunicated with the police, who in the meantime had received informa tion of the robbery. It was at ones felt by them that this was a plant, and that the thieves would probably return some time during thie night for the plunder. Accord ingly, two policemen were told off to watch the grave containing the "spirits," and last nightthey commencedtheir drearyvigils about 8 o'clock. For nearly fours.hours they held communion with the dead, and there was not a sound to disturb the silence of the night and of the graves. But on the stroke of midnight two ghost-like figures were seen creeping towards the spot, anA, on comning to the particular grave in question, they com menced to move the horizontal slab; upon which the tao officers sprang from their hiding-plaers, and a terrible strugglo ensued among the tangled grasses, with the result that the two most lately-arrrived spirits found themselves manacled together. A cab tchat had beer, silently wait ing outside, was then called into requisi tion; the prisoners were placed within it, as wans also the plunder, when suddenly a rescue gang of six or seven fellows rushed out of the darkness and succeeded in freeing one of the prisoners and getting clear off writh him; but the police, wrho got pretty well knocked about, held fast to the other, who made his appearance at the police court this morning, when a week's remand was granted, in order that at least a portion of-the gang might also be captured. Political. ScThings political go along here so -quietly that one is almost tempted to forget there is a Varliamet att all. Verily, coalition Go vernment seems an excellent way of getting the business of the countfrydono without any fuss or nonsense, and certaminly without any of those disgraceful scenes such as are so constantly a reproach to the Prlia.ent of New Siouth Wales. Last night the House succeeded in getting through the balance of, the tariff proposals. It is rather auruine to see how coolly and selfishly hen. members speok and think and vote when their own individual interests are concerned. For instance there is a manu facturiog clothier in the House named Frank Stuart. Tl'he Government proposal for the duty on wearing apparel is .30 per cent. Stuart, feeling that if it could be even more, it would bea splendid thing for liim, moved that instead of 30 it 'be 40 per cent., but this bad such an effect on hen. members that there was a universal yell of "'No i no!" and Stuart fell back as dead as Charles thIe First, so far as that par ticular motion was concerneed. The tariff being finished, the Rabbit Bill was again put into committee, and was galloped'thlirough with startling rapidity. In deed it is envdodt that the end is not very far off. Thie estimates are pretty well finished. and there is not a very long list of business on the order paper in thie way of bills; and hen. gentlemen, even new members,. are now getting anxious to go home, for, as they get £300 for the session, long or short, they have no great object in spinning it out. Criminal Rhecords. Tihe criminal records of thie week have been verylheavy, the crime of burglary being thie apparently predominating feature. There have breeri several suicides, too, and of acci dents the week has been all too prolifie. But the chief event of interest has undoubtedly been the Ringwood tragedy, which has caused proba ly more excitement than any similar event for years past. Thie relations of the 'murdered man and his alleged murderer; the fact that they were schoolmates together, and ,t the time of the crime that they 1 ved togetheir in the capacity of lodger and landlord; the many peculiarities morking their relationship; the feact that at first the accused pretended astonishment when hie learrned who the do. ceased was, and that he afterwards admitted shooting him accidentally; indeed,the whole surroundings of the case are such as to make it one of thie causes eelebres of Victoria. bpeaking of the prisoner, this after noon, counsel made use of these worde:--"This was a man who was self-convicted of lying, who was self-con victed of thieving, who has proved to you to have been guilty of forgery, and, who, there was not the shadow of a doubt, has committed prjury." Tihe defence was only a half-hearted one, and the summing up of the judge was decidedly against him. The jury were locked up shortly after 4 o'clock, but, as I write these lines, have not yet brought in their verdict. Now is your time to get your faded, dirty suits done well, equal new, by S. M'Connell, tailor and dyer, 62 Blane-street; dye works, Wickham.r Send him letter. He calls and delivers when money is at home. 886 Real pebble spectuacles, in eases, from 3s 6d upwards; ordinary spectacles from Is up wards. P. LaAnsson, r;3 Blane-st., Northum beriand Bhrilding oceiety's Buildings. 2693 NEwoAsTLE N.S.W.-Printod and published by WILLAmnr EonRrss. for the Proprietors, at the NeWOARTLa MORNINeo HEaALD AND 3tueBa , .Avoca, (Leararnl Steam Machino FPrinteltl a Omco Dolton-street, Newcastle . !~''.. ,. ... ',.. :. :' . ' .' : '. .. . ?. 