LITERATURE The Storyteller. Mrs. Vernon's Scheme. BY TOKEY. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] "I think I will bring that young fellow, Bond home with me this evening, if he can come. I mentioned him to you, didn't I?" "No, dear, I don't remember. Who is he?" "Ob, one of the Hardy Bonds I used to know at home—a cousin of theirs; he has been out about three months, I believe, and has started as some kind of commission agent. I am afraid he won't make bis fortune very fast, but he seems a decent fellow and anxious to get on; he is good-looking, too, and musical." "Not undesirable on the whole, then; I should think he will be rather an acquisition to Woldville." Tom Vernon kissed his wife, mounted his horse, and rode off. He and the tall blue-eyed girl to whom he had just been speaking, and *ho now stood on the veranda gazing at his receding form, had been married about eight months, and were an affectionate, without being a ridiculously spoony, couple. Their station was only about two miles from the township of Woldville, whither the husband was now bound, and in consequence of this Eroximity visitors were not infrequent at eaupre, and Mr. Vernon seldom returned without one or two friends, who rode ont to dinner and baok again at night; for to be tho owner of a horse was the rule in this western district. Ethel the blue-eyed noted with satisfaction the straightness and breadth of her husband's baok and the length of his legs, and, after re flecting for a few minutes on the fact that his comely body was a fitting case for his good heart, she turned into the house to order the dinner—the one inevitable result of matrimony on less than some thousands a year. Marriage may be a failure or the reverse, but it brings with it the ordering of dinners, and, considering the niceness of men's palates, the obstinacy of butohers, and the limited number of edible animals, a certain amount of tbe reverse must be necessary to atone for the loss of no-house keeping single blessedness. So far, however, Mrs. Vernon has not allowed her household cares to weigh very heavily on her mind, and on the present occasion her visit to tho kitchen did not detain her very long, although she con tributed something more than orders to the family dinner. Half an hoar after sunset, when the last tinge of colour Lad faded from a soft sky, two horsemen rode up to the stable at Beaupre— the owner and his new friend, Auriol Hardy Bond; and before long they and Mrs. Vernon woro seated at a prettily arranged little dinner table. The guest scanned his hostess with a some what intent gaze whenever circumstances per mitted him to do so uuobserved, and, as the meal wore on, his face lost the slightly anxious look it had worn at first, and he became happy looking and very entertaining: in fact he might easily have been taken as a striking example of the difference between a man fasting and a man who has dined satisfactorily. " Did you stay long in Rookhampton on your way here?" asked Mrs. Vernon later in the evening, whon the post-prandial smoke was over and Mr. Vernon had been called away for a few minutes on Btation business. " Only a few weeks," answered Mr. Bond; " I was anxious to make a start somewhere, and didn't see muoh opening there, so, as soon as I was told that I might do something here, I started off. I was out here for a couple of years some time ago, so I know somethiug about the country; otherwise lam afraid I should have a poor chance at my business any where." Mrs. Vernon smiled. "My husband said this evening he thought you were rather an adventurous new chum; he did not know you had been here before. Have you been at home long ?" There was real interest in her questioning, for the good- looking man sitting opposite to her was of the frank manly type to arouse the interest of most women, and he seemed delighted to speak of his doings to his blue-eyed hostess who listened so kindly. " Do you know many Rockhampton people?" she asked presently, when both had given their views on travelling in general, and related to each other some experiences in particular. " Not many," ho answered. " I know the Craigs and the Waytes." "I have some great friends there — the Wyndhams; I came out from home with them." " Yes ?" he replied. His want of interest in the Bubjeot was not sufficiently marked to be ' rude, but his attention seemed a little forced, and was not of the hearty nature that had characterised it when Mrs. Vernon had been talking on more personal subjects. "There are two Miss Wyndhams—very pretty and charming; the youngest is a great friend of miue. I wonder you did not see them: Rockhampton is not a very large place!" " I have seen them; they are pretty. Mrs. Vernon, do you ride muoh ? •'• Yes, a good deal. Igo into Woldville very often with my husband." " You must both come and have afternoon tea at my office next time you are in; will you? I have got a most swagger little arrange ment of kettles and epirit lamp, and all those little device*, which a fond aunt of mine fur nished me with as an encouragement to drink t«>a and cocoa, instead of more intoxicating beverages, I believe. I havo practised a lot, and can make really good tea now, so I hope you will come and try it." " I dare say we may, if my husband is not too busy; we will ask him. But now it is quite time for you to sing something for me. Come along." He " came along," and the evening was by no means in its first youth when they left the piano, and Mr. Vernon had long been surrep titiously buried in a "Nineteenth Ceutury" when he was aroused to his duty as host and whisky dispenser by a remark from Mr. Bond relative to getting his horse round. "Sit down and have something first; and why need you go at all; we can give you a camp, can't we, Ethel r" " Of course we can." "Thanks awfully; I must get baok. It's very good of you, Mrs. Vernou; but ' Duty calls.'" A quarter of an hour later Auriol Bond was astride of his horse and jogging quietly along, reflecting with great satisfaction on the latest acquisition to his list of acquaintances. . Not three days had elapsed before Mr. Bond found himself again at Beaupre, having eagerly accepted the very next invitation extended to him by Tom Vernon. The visit was as pleasant to every one concerned as the first one had been, and before very long Mr. Bond was the accepted ami de la famille in the Vernon establishment. As time wore on, his presence was always looked for wherever Mr. and Mrs. Vernon, or even the lady alone, were to be seen. By and by the inhabitants of the district began to let loose the dogs of war in the shape of smiles and innu endoes when the joint names of Bond and Vernon were mentioned, or the owners of the said names were seen together; and at last, from little spiteful remarks given vent to by some of the more uncharitable of her neighbours, Mrs. Vernon's eyes were opened to the fact that Mr. Bond's attentions were rather more marked and assiduous than the neighbourhood considered due to a married woman. This did not trouble her much in the beginning, for the feeling of conscious reotitude made her entirely disregard the opinion of suoh of her neighbours as knew or cared so little about her as to suspect her of anything but the merest friondly interest iv Auriol Bond, in which her husband fully Bbared; but after a time the young fellow's unwearying pleasure in her society, and his eagerness to serve her in every possible way, began rather to disturb her. "What a pity it would be if he really should like me too well! I hope ho does not," was her inward reflection one evening as she sat alone on the veranda, while her husband was accompanying the subject of her meditations a short distance on his homeward journey. "I wonder if Tom has noticed it at all. I don't like to ask him; it seems so silly and conceited to be the first to imagine a man is inclined to fall in love with oneself, and yet he really does give me tho impression that be takes an unusual interest in me. Silly boy! I must really treat him differently in some way, and put suoh nonsense out of his head. It is very pleasant, of course, to have the best-looking and nicest man in the place always at one's beck and call, but I should not like the dear fellow to make himself unhappy and ridiculous at the same time, as men generally do when they lose their hearts to married women." At this period of her reflections Ethel Vernon got up and gave herself an impatient shake. *' What nonsense!'' she said; "no doubt he is quite able to take care of himself, and I am making myself most unnecessarily uncomfortable. I won't think any more about it!" I wonder if any resolution has ever been more frequently put into words than the foregoing, or if any one has been less carried into exe cution. Mrs. Vernon certainly did not add one to the minority who have acted up to their ex pression of these words, for her thoughts turned frequently to the same point. Mr. Bond's visits became more and more frequent, and his interest in Mrs. Vernon deepened visibly. He was constantly devising amusements for her; he deplored the fact that she must be very dull and lonely sometimes on the station when her husband was busy, and occasionally suggested that it would be well for her to have some nice friend to stay at Beaupre. After a time it struok Mrs. Vernon that this idea might turn out to be a very good one, as the presence of a nice attractive girl might divert Mr. Bond's thonghtß from herself and put an end to the uncomfortable feeling that she was doing wrong in allowing the young man to come so often to the house. Evelyn Wyndharo, of course, was the only girl who would do; she was her greatest friend out of England, and was pretty and attractive enough to gain any man's affection, even if it had been previously inclined to wander elsewhere. She determined to consult her husband on the subject of inviting this charming young woman to Beaupre. His consent to the plan was easily gained. In the course of talking about the proposed guest, Mrs. Vernon remarked: "I hope Evelyn and Mr. Bond will get on well together; we see so muoh of him it will be a pity if they don't, won't it, Tom ?" Tom smiled ratherquizzically. "At present," he remarked, " the gentleman's attention seems rather centred iv another dircotion." "Oh!" said Ethel. She was slightly taken aback by finding that this matter, whioh had been worrying her so muoh, and whioh she had shrunk from mentioning to her husband, had already been remarked by him, and was treated with jocularity on his part. She could not help smiling too, and though she was slightly wounded by the tone he had taken sho consoled herself with the idea that it was a very good thing to possess a husband who was not iv the least inclined to jealousy. Mrs. Vernon wrote at once to invite Miss Wvndhamnp, and soon received an answer in the affirmative from that young lady. The day the answer came Mr. Vernon went off on business to a rather distant station, from which he could not return until tho following day, and that evening Mr. Bond unfortunately elected to ride ont to Beaupre. He was hardly in the house when Mrs. Vernon informed him of the expected arrival of Miss Wyndhara, and he expressed great pleasure that Mrs. Vernon had taken his advice and scoured a pleasant companion for herself. After dinner and some music, Auriol Bond established himself in an easy chair and talked in a settled confidential way which bid fair to continue for an unlimited period. Mrs. Vernon enjoyed the conversation until about half-past 10; she then began to entertain a desire that the guest would turn his thoughts homewards, and by degrees her answers became discourag ingly monosyllabic, in the hope that the con versation would languish sufficiently to enable a sense of the hour to permeate the mind of her voluble companion. He, however, remained serenely seated by the Beaupre hearth, aud the whirring of the wheels of time did not pene trate through the mantle of happy contentment in which his comfortable surroundings, and the pleasure of talking to his agreeable hostess, had enveloped him. " I wish we had a clock that would strike," thought Mrs. Vernon to herself, while appear ing to listen most attentively to a dissertation on a man's duty to society, from Mr. Bond's point of vfew. " I wish he was not sitting with his baok to. the one that is there ; how could I induce him to look round at it ? I quite agree with you," she said aloud; " there is a great want.of ' large grasp' in the present Jay, notwithstanding our facilities for the study of men and things. I wonder if he would be offended if I told him to go ?" this to herself. " I must negotiate a slight yawn." The slight yawn was a beautiful piece of acting in its careful yet withal ostentatious suppression; but alas! like many of our best efforts, it passed away unheeded, and the ghostly hour when the knell of beauty sleep is souuded crept once more into its appointed place in time's daily round. At last a smile dawned on Mrs. Vernon's face, as a humorous solution of the difficulty irresistibly forced itself upon her notice. Mr. Bond bad just assured her, for the second time during the evening, that he infinitely preferred fair women to dark, when Mrs. Vernon looked at him with a somewhat inscrutable smile : " I quite believe you, Mr. Bond," she said; " you told me the same thing yesterday." " Yesterday, Mrs. Vernon! Why, I did not see you yesterday. * • Mrs. Vernon smiled^again, and gently nodded her head. "Surely you are mistaken," he said; "it could not have been yesterday." " If you look at the clock," said Ethel sweetly, "I think you will acknowledge that I am right." His eyes travelled, in a nuzzled way, to the timepiece; then he jumped up with a sudden bound. "By Jove !" he ejaculated. "By Jove!" with iooreased emphasis, "is it really that time! It seems impossible. I'm awfully sorry ; I had no idea I was keeping you up so; you must forgive me. Time has flown so this evening. Good night, Mrs. Vernon;" ho took her hand and held it as he spoke. "You don't know what knowing you has done for me; if you had not been here I should never have gone out any where, and should have been a most wretched chap. I hope, whatever you discover—l mean, if anything ever—if you ever think I have acted wrongly in coming here like this, you will for give me, won't you ? When a man is forced to ide what he would gladly make known; when his deepest feelings—but there !I am talking nonsense, and it is too late for you to be listen ing to it. If you ever fully understand my meaning, I must then ask you to give me your forgiveness; your pity, I might ask for now, but you have been so good to me already that I dare not enoroaoh any further on your kindness. Tf I had less regard for you than I have, I might speak, but as it is—well, I want you to feel that you are quite blameless in this matter. Good-night." He bad been holding her hand all this time, and he now wrung it warmly and hurried away. Mrs. Vernon was utterly astonished and over come What was the cause of this sudden out burst ? He had been a little tite mantle all the evening, but his whole conversation and con duct had been irreproachably friendly and re spectful. What could have suddenly prompted him to this strange semi-declaration of some thing that might not be more clearly expressed? She was utterly puzzled and very sorry. " But when Evelyn comes I hope she will put things straight," she thought to herself as she retired to rest. In due time Miss Wyndham arrived. A bright, Jretty, pleasant-mannered girl, who imme lately became a great ally of Mr. Vernon's. He had met her once or twice before he was married, as his wife had come out under the Wyndhams' protection to fulfil the engage ment made with him at home two years before but at that timo his attention was too muoh centred on his approaching wedding to permit of his paying much attention to the merits of any young lady but his own fiancee; now, however, he expressed much satisfaction at the excellent choice of a visitor his wife had made, and Ethel was muoh pleased thereby. In another direotion, however, things did not arrange themselves so satisfactorily. Mr. Bond came, saw, was introduced, assented to Miss Wyndham's remark that they had met before, made commonplace observations, and appeared utterly unimpressed by the lady's beauty or manner; in fact, as Ethel unwillingly acknow ledged to herself at the end of a week, so far her scheme had been a complete failure. Her disappointment was all the more keen beoause she nad fancied that in the beginning Evelyn had seemed considerably attracted by the young man; but the girl's manner was now as cool and uninterested as his own; the result, as Mrs. Vernon naturally thought, of a proper pride, which would not allow her to maintain an interest in a man who so plainly showed his preference for the society of another woman. " Don't you like Miss Wyndham ?" she asked one day. It was Bunday, and Mr. Bond had dined early at Beaupre, and spent the whole afternoon there, without addressing half a dozen remarks to Miss Wyndham, who had now gone off with Mr. Vernon to inspeot the progress of the plants in the bush-house. " I don't know," he said ; " I did when I first knew her." " Well, you did not show it muoh. How is it you don't like her now ? lam sure she is a girl who improves on acquaintance: she is thoroughly sweet and nice." lie smiled. " I suppose I roally do like her still, Mrs. Vernon ; it is rather a problem to my mind to know whether I do or not." "It shouldn't be. You don't try to like her. You hardly ever speak to her. lam very angry with you about it; I relied on you to help me to amuse her in this quiet place." "lam very sorry ; but perhaps I do help to amuse her, as a study of impenetrability or bad manners. I assure you, though, we have a great deal to say to eaoh other sometimes." " 1 have never heard any of it." "No r" he smiled "again ; " no, perhaps not." ••You are laughing! You know perfectly well you don't mean that; you are trying to take me in." "No! I assure you—that is—at least"—the vivid crimson dyed his face, and he paused in confusion. " I am glad you have the grace to blush at the stories you tell: lam sorry you should trouble to do so. If you do not care for my guests I should be sorry to force their society on you, for their sake as well as yours." " I will reform. Give me another chance. Get up a riding party this week, Mrs. Vernon, and let me ride with Miss Wyndham, and I pro raiso to talk to her as much as ever she will let me." " Perhaps Miss Wyndham would prefer some more congenial companion." " I will ask her permission of course. Will you arrange it:" " Yes, if you like." "Thank you." He laughed. "Do you know, I don't mind your scolding a bit; I deserve all you can say to me and a great deal more, but I cannot feel so contrite as I ought, and I hope you will never find it in your heart to be really severe to me, however muoh you may think I merit it. I could not afford to forfeit your friendship." Mrs. Vernon rose. " I don't think our quar rels are going to be really serious. Come along, and let us see how the others are appreciating the ferns." The riding party came off, and Mr. Bond rode with Miss Wyndham, as arranged; but, as to how they got on with each other, Mrs. Vernon could only judge by the fact that Evelyn said, on their return, that she enjoyed the ride very muoh ; and Mr. Bond informed her that he had been very good and entertaining; for the various couples strayed bo far from eaoh other that there was no opportunity to observe the conduct of any particular pair. So far, so good! But after this matters progressed in the driven pig style—more back wards than straight ahead. Mr. Bond certainly seemed to make more effort to be agreeable to Miss Wyndham, but tho girl instead of becoming more friendly as time went on repelled his advances in a most marked manner and avoided him sedulously. The consequence of this filled Mrs. Vernon with despair, for, instead of drawing Mr. Bond from her side, Miss Wyudham's and her hus band's mutual predeh'otion for eaoh other's society only threw hor the more into his way, and at last, to add to her other troubles, a gossiping old woman one day hinted to her, in an unmistakable though roundabout way, that Mr. Vernon entertained a liking for Miss Wyndham, whioh was only condoned by Mrs. Vernon, as it left her a clearer field for her own flirtation with Mr. Bond. Not in these words of course, but essentially to this purpose, irere tbe remarks made by the old scandalmonger, and Mrs. Vernon returnod from the call she haa been making in a boiling state of indignation. This was the last straw! Her scheme was worse than a failure; it was a fiasco, a disaster! Her married life was threatened with discomfort and uuhappiness, all owing to two povcrse young people, who, instead of falling in lovo with each other as they might so easily, as thoy ought in fact to have done, per sisted in throwing themselves at the heads of two people who had been perfectly happy with out them, aud would be so still if only this wrong-headed pair could be induced to cease their persecutions. Mrs. Vernon soliloquised thus on her way home, "Tom isn't a bit jealous, although Mr. Bond has been here every evening this week ; he would be, I know, if he had not got Evelyn to laugh and talk with ; as it is I don't believe he notioes at all." This was unjust, for Mr. Vernon had shown an equal want of jealousy before Miss Wyndham came to Beaupre, but Mrs. Vernon was not in the mood to be just, or to see things clearly ; her own anxieties and her neighbour's insolent suggestions had rather upset her mental balance. "I am all the more sorry about it, because I am so fond of Evelyn, and it is a dreadful thing that the people up here should talk about her and Tom; of course I know they are only friendly, but some of the creatures about hero are so censorious; and then to dare to say that I encourage them to be together in order to have—Oh !it is altogether abominable!" At dinner she was just oivil to hor guests, and not civil to her husband, whose every look and word was a canse of annoyance. He and Miss Wyndham laughed over some little joke, and her excited mind was ready to own that there was some foundation for the remarks she had heard. Mr. Bond spoko cheerfully to her, and Tom did not look daggers in consequence; he had no proper feeling as a husband. Then, when Evelyn was playing after dinner, she retired to her own room, indulged in a small cry, called herself bad tempered, suspicious, inhospitable, and silly, and had a very miserable time generally, until her husband came in and found her bewailing herself. " What is the matter, old girl ? Aren't you well r" "Oh, Tom!"—subsiding into his arms as he sat down besido her—" do you like me as muoh as you over did ?" "Well, you are a gooBe! Why do you suppose I dou't like you as muoh as ever ? I haven't Btartod blacking your eyeß, or any thing of that sort, yet. Perhaps you find your self growing tired of me, aud imagine that the feeling must be mutual. Am I riirht ? Have- I found you out in your iniquity 'r" She buried a little laugh in his coat-sleeve.. "Unfortunately for my peace of mind, my heart remains all yours." " ' And mine on you for over dotes ; men do* not change thoir love like coats,' " be warbled, au Pippo in " La Mascotte." There were no more tears, and, regardlessl of guests who would not assimilate, Mr- and) Mrs. Vernon spent a happy hour together 7 during whioh she unbosomed herself of all her anxieties, on the score of Miss Wyndham and Mr. Bond; and got laughed at, scolded, cheered, and petted by her husband, who promised to stick by her in all her difficulties, and help to reduce the young people to order. Meanwhile how were the guests who did not get on progressing during their enforced tf-te-ii-tt-te in the drawing-room 'i " I am going away next week," was Miss Wyndham's opening remark, delivered with grave decision and avorted eyes. "Eve!" (Hullo! this is friendly.) "you couldn't." " I mußt." "But why!" "Oh ! because—you know why." " I suppose I do; but couldn't you stay a little longer 'i Next week is so soon." " I have been here more than three weeks already; lam ashamed to stay; under the circumstances I ought never to have come." "It's beastly hard luck," was his irrelevant reply, and there was a silence. Had Mrs. Vernon come in at this time she would have been confirmed in her idea that they had nothing to say to eaoh other. Mr. Bond was the first to break the pause. " Is there room for me on that sofa, do you think ? We could discuss matters muoh better if we had not to shout at eaoh other." Miss Wyndham gravely surveyed the remain der of the sofa, of whioh she occupied one end, and shook her head. " You are not a very truthful little Eve, I am afraid ; I don't feel in the least cramped, thank you." He had calmly established him self beside her. " You are helping me towards the truth; at any rate, there is considerably less room than there was." She made a litttle grimace at him. " I take the hint," he said affably, moving considerably closer to her. " There, that leaves • good deal more vacant space—on the other side." " You are a silly boy; if you took my hints really you would be in that chair over there. Auriol, don't! Remember." " I remember. I know we're beastly miser able, and all that, but seeing that we find our selves just now in Egypt let us gather the oorn that is there." "Auriol," she said, after a few minutes. " I hate deceiving Mrs. Vernon like this." "So do I, my darling, but you have not de ceived her muoh—l have done most of that. You have been very conscientious about tho whole matter, too muoh so to please me some times. You have avoided me as though I had the smallpox, and I have been obliged to follow yonr example." " Yes, but you know, Auriol, when I came up here I had no idea Beaupre was so awfully near Woldville; I thought I might just see you occasionally, but I never imagined you would be able to' come in every evening, as you do, and as father won't sanction our engage ment I don't think it is right for me to be here spending all my time with you, especially as Mrs. Vernon does not know. It really isn't fair to her." "You are quite right, darling. I feel awfully guilty sometimes, more particularly when Mrs. Vernon cross-examines me as to why we do not get on more swimmingly together. I really could not tell her one day whether I liked you or not, because I love you so much it is hard to say whether there is any liking left in the case. She littlo knows that we are simply longing to be together and talk unrestrainedly if we might, but your scruples will not allow you to give me many opportunities for tote-a-tetes, and we naturally cannot talk company very well to each other in public; I must say you made a brave effort to do so at first, but I backed you up so badly that you were obliged to give it up. By Jovo! Evelyn miue, it strikes me that, not withstanding your horror at my conspiracy to get you up hero, and the deceit we have to practise in conscquonce, you manage it the better of the two, after all. Isn't that a true bill, you clever little aotress and humbug P" If there was auything unpalatable in the substance of this remark, it was so well sweetened by the tone in whioh it was made and certain actions which accompanied it, that the young lady to whom it was addressed failed to bo offended thereat, and merely re marked, "Auriol, you really must remember that we are not engaged." "As I told you before, I do remember it perfectly, and that is why I am anxious to make the most of my opportunities. All the same, we are engaged, darling, are we not? And some day, when 1 get on, as I mean to do, your hard-hearted old father may give in. Of course the old goutlemau is quite right not to allow his sweetest prettiest daughter to marry a poor man, but, as that is his only objection, I intend to surmount it. Aud you are goiug to wait for me, aren't you, dearest r" "As long as ever you like, my own boy; unless"—with a change of tone—"l meet someone nicer in the meantime." "Do you think you would ever throw mo over, Eve ?" " Only under that one contingency." " Eve!" " Well, solemn one ?" " Do you mean that 1"' " Of course I do." He turned silently from her. " I dou't caro for a view of .your back; please turn round." No attention. " Turn round." Still no result from her orders. She gently took hold of the tip of his ear, and putting her lips close to it she murmured: " You old duffer! Don't you sue that I could not possibly meet anyone nicer than you are ?" It did not take him long to change his posture after this. " You little wretch, how could you frighten me so 'r My littlo Eve, I thought you really meant it." "Then you deserve to be frightened for be lieviug me capable of being untrue to you, especially as the inference was only made by a * humbugging little aotress.' Auriol," with a sigh, " 1 wonder how we manage to be bo jolly under suoh trying circumstances!'" "Because we are together, dearest. I say, what a jolly good host and hostess Mr. and [ Mrs. Vernon are to-night. You simply can't get out of this, you know—you are left here to entertain me, and you must do it. I am awfully grateful to them for having utterly forgotten us, aren't you?" " No, I am very much offended." "You don't.think I believe that, do you? You're I'rivolouß again now. We certainly are rather inclined to dance on our coffins, but it's better than subsiding into them. Eve, what a happy-go-lucky pair we shall make when we have overcome all our troubles, and you are my little " . With one bound he was on a chair quite three yards away, and Miss Wyndham had given her hair a hasty smooth with"both hands before tho housemaid appeared in the room with some letters. She handed the salver to Mr. Bond. " Rafferty has just come in from the town ship, and they gave him these for you at the hotel," she said. Mr. Bond took his epistles, but showed no inclination to open them. " You had better read your letters," said Evelyn. " Oh! they oan wait." " Nonsense !" she said; "I »m going to play something." She went to the piano, and he tore open an envelope. " Great Cieaar's ghost!" he said deliberately, a couple of minutes afterwards, with a pause between eaoh word. Miss Wyndham stopped playing. " What is it ?" she asked. " Are we engaged or not f" " What do you mean ? You know we are not." " I would not be too certain about that, if I were you; a fellow with £20,000 is worth thinking about, you know." "Auriol!" " Eve! my Eve, my own girl now! Darling, my poor old Uncle Auriol is dead, and has left his godson a neat little fortune in tho nick of time. All thanks to the poor old boy." Evelyn's eyes were shining. "Father will givo in now. Oh! how lovely ! I am sorry about your uncle, but oh, Auriol!" Steps, and enter Mr. and Mrs. Vernon. The conspirators looked flushed and guilty, but very radiant. Mr. Bond jumped up. " Mrs. Vernon, will you forgive usP We need it badly." '• Why, what have you been doing ?" asked their hostess, much puzzled. " Conspiring and deceiving. I did it— m a culpa; but this meek maid is in it, too, led on by me, and not in any way to blame herself. Mrs. Vernon, wo are engaged; we are going to be engaged, and, what is more, we have been engaged ever since we met each other in Eng land last year. " Engaged! Evelyn, are you really ? Why didn't you tell me F" Mr. Bond answered for her. "Empty pockets; a stern parent; engagement for bidden ; but the mail has brought relief in the shape of £20,000, and we only want your for giveness to make us perfectly happy." Mrs. Vernon looked at her husband and simply laughed outright. All her worries had been utterly unnecessary and useless. " You are a pair of deceitful villains; I can't call you anything else I ought to be very angry with you both, but somehow I oan only feel glad. Oh! if you only knew " But she stopped and went off into a paroxysm of laughter, in which her husband joined, and the other two became infected with the general mirth, and laughod, too, without knowing why. " Well," said Mrs. Vernon, as soon as she could speak, " my scheme has been a complete success after all!" 