Folk-Lore of Civilized and Savage Folk. Mr. S. W. Brooks, of Brisbane, delivered a lecturo entitled as above at the School of Arts last night to a very limited audience. His Worship tho Mayor occupied tho chair, and in a fow appropriate words introduced the lecturer. Mr. Brooks began his lecturo by referring to tho prying propensities of man, who ex explored everywhere from the heavens above to the oirth beneath and tho wators under tho earth, whero tho oozo was investigated by Challenger expeditions. Coming to the old time ideas entertained by our grandmothers, tlio lecturer stid his object in coming there was to persuade his lioarers to believo as he did about those things. Commencing at babyhood — whero most of them commenced — tho days of tho week as well as of the year on which births took place woro shown to have their peculiar fortuues. In connection with these superstitions many very funny stories were told, as well as of babies altogether in all their aspects. From being born to being baptised was a natural transition, and here a great many strange and probably absurd customs and traditions used to prevail. .Somo people supposed children never thrived until christened. Tho lecturer related an incident in his career when ho was called upon to baptize a child which appeared at the point of death — and strango to relato the baby from that moment got better, aud is now a woman with babies of her own. In Rutland if a child cuts its first tooth in the upper jaw it won't livo, whilo in n certain African tribe the child in such a case is im mediately killed — they make a dead certainty of it. The price of a caul, which it is well known, saves its possessor from drowning, has been steadily on tho decline for somo years, although the market is not quito extinct yet. From births and babies to marriages and maidens. As might be expected the folk-loro on theso most interesting subjects is exceedingly rich and varied, and very many entertaining stories and illustrations were given, a groat number of local hits being made m the process. The day 3 of the week como in here again as everybody knows. The lucky and unlucky months may not bo so well known — but Juno is tho favorito. Tho presence of the bride's mother at a marriage is unlucky; certainly her presence afterwards is generally regarded as inconvenient. Which ever sleeps first on tho marriago night will die first. Passing from gay to grave, from marriage to death, the various uncanny occurrences in this connection were detailed, most of them being no less humorous than thoso relating to less solemn events Several instances coming under the lecturer's own ob servation wero related, all being portents of death. While on a vessel at Fiji the lecturer wns called to see a dying captain who expired exactly at low water — ho wont out with the tide, like Barkis the willin'. Tho portents at tending Ciosnr's murder, as given by Shake speare, as well as many others, wero fully dis cussed, and the subject nt length changed to unlucky days. Tho month of August has 5 unlucky days. On tho 29th, John tho Baptist was beheaded, tho Royal George went down, nnd ' I was born,' said Mr. Brooks, an announcement which of course proved tho truth of the infelicity, and also brought down the liouso. The custom of the lads heaving or lifting the lads on certain days, such as Easter Monday, the doings of Halloween in Scotland, and other like matters were briefly touched upon, and tho lecturer went into hodgepodge, a miscellane ous collection of lucky and unlucky actions, signs, dreams, and portents, which recoived attention. Cures then came on to the board, and tho audience wero kept merry ovor tho curious devices alleged as infallible for epilepsy, ague, and all tho ills that flesh is heir to. Fijian superstitious wore dealt with, and all this led insensibly up to ghosts. The question hero arose, can tho mighty majority revisit this earth again ? The lecturer did not undertako to answer the question. Lot everyone answer it for himself. A chapter of oddments camo next, and this included things from tailless cats to rain bows. On tho latter subject Bailey's Festus was quoted, the lecturer earnestly advising the School of Arts to obtain the jubilee edition of that remarkable poem. An oloquent peror ation, beginning with a passage from Samuel Smilo's life of Dick tho geologist, and ending ?with a stanza from Gerald Massay, concluded a most ablo and intellectual discourse. The npplauso and othor marks of appreciation had been frequent and hearty throughout, Mr. Groom proposed a voto of thanks to tho lecturer, and in doing so regrottod tho paucity of attendants on this occasion. Not ono of tho boys attending the Grammar School was there. It must have beon very dispiriting to Mr. Brooks, and it was to be hoped tho oxtreme apprcciativcncss of tho audience would bo somo compensation for its smallncss. If he camo again an effort would be made to sccuro a larger audience. (Hoar, hear.) Mr. Tolmio seconded the motion, thanking Mr. Brooks on behalf of tho committeo, as well as of tho audienco, for coining so far to lecture. Tho committee had sont out in vitations to several gentlemen to lecture, and Mr. Brooks, who was ono of these, immediately responded, and gavo them tho choico of two lectures. As it was doubtful whethor tho proceeds of tho locturo just delivered would pay for tlio advertising, and as tlioro wero two other gentlemen in Brisbano who had promised to lecture, it became a sorious consideration whether thoy woro to go on with theso lecturos. Tho speaker spoke in feeling terms of tho manner iu which tho public of Toowoomba continued to treat tho School of Arts. They nil must bo vory gratoful to Mr. Brooks for lecuring in tho faco of such poor support. (Cheers.) Tho motion was supported by Mr. Trovcthan, and carried by acclamation. Mr. Brooks in acknowledging the voio said ho felt Borry for thoso who woro interested in tho institution. It was tho inortia that killed thorn. Poople were indifferent, but better times would come. (Cheers.) A voto of thanks to the chairman terminated proceedings. 