MISCELLANEOUS. Thb Action Against Mn T. Bbnt, 4LL.A.— Mi Justice Bundey gave judgment in the case of the City Land and Invest ment Company t. Mr T. Bent, M.LX (Melbourne), oa Wednesday (says the Aryut). Mr Justice Bundley decreed, amongst other things, that the plaintiffs bad made a good title to tbe leasehold lot 45, and were entitled to specific perform- 1 ance of the agreement subject to deductions j for compensation, in respect to lot 44, pro vided plaintiffs could establish a good title . to tbe freehold and leasehold premises. Bo for as regarded the requisitions and objec tion upon the title mentioned in the i exhibits put in tbe lease of lot 44 won declared to be not valid and subsisting, and : the plaintiff* bad not made a good title I thereto. While His Honor said the sum of £2832 10s ought to be deducted as compen sation from tbe purchase money in respect thereof, the defendant was bound to accept the plaintiffs' title to the other free bold and leasehold premises mentioned in the agreement, subject, of course, to requi sitions and objections. A decree was mode accordingly, llts Houor allowing enquiry as to whether a good title could be made to premises other than lot 44. The case was accordingly adjourned - for further con sideration, and 18 days granted to the defendant to appeal, and a similar period to the plaintiff company, if they desired to do so, on the question of compensation. Strange Scich-k re Naw.ZEAi.xin-.—' The Auckland correspondent of the Agt wired on Tuesday ; — David Balharry, formerly agent to a shipping company at Napier, and latterly fire insurance agent, has committed suicide by jumping from the bridge over tbe Tubalkuri ltiver. De was in financial difficulties, and left a re markable letter, stating that Christ died to save mankind, and he died to save his creditors, llis life was insured for £1500 in the Government office. All Alike.—' We clip the following from the New Zealand Timet : — 'If there is any one question beyond all others engaging the attention of our local authorities irom time to time that seems impervious to simple common sense, it is that of the dis posal of the nighteoil. The City (Auckland) Council appear to be blundering into the right direction, but it seems feted that folly should attend them to the last. They have very properly decreed tbat a valuable of manures shall bo utilised to the best advantage. But they have to fix on a site for the factor)' where this offensive material is to be worked upon, and the usual fatuity i6 driving them to fix the site at an inland rural village, and to transmit the material by rail. And the residents that arc threatened with being poisoned are up in arms, and well they may; the wonder is that the populous dis tricts through wbicb the stuff is to be drawn by train, are not united in resist ance. Why will the Council not resolve on the removal by barges, as wo have so often urged ? und place the site of tho jtoudre works at some one or another of a hundred Buitable positions on tho barren ond unoccupied shores that surrouud bo much of the waters of our Harbor? The course that should betaken ie so palpable to any ordinary intelligence, tbat one is lost in wonder why ever do the Council go on harassing unoffending people at J'oint Chevalier, and now at New Lynn, md goodness knows where next. And one i cou ouly conceive that it mu6t be from I that peculiar perversity which, like a leprous growth, Eecms to overspread the , tpirit of the ofiicial mind— uulesbjioradven- 3urr- it he that there may he some other more subtle influence at work that we wot not of. Who can say ?' French Political Cnreifl.— The Paris Jorreppondcnt of the Time*, writing under late February 1G, of the French political iritis, says ' All eyes are now Ibced on President Carnot, who has a golden oppor tunity to take energetic measures and to postpone further disturbance until after the Imbibition. He will he virtually sup ported in this by a large majority of the tAjnservatives, i-y commerce, and ? many who esteem that it is a patriotic and loyal duty to bridge over tbe Exhibition seasou. After that great oaks from little accorns may grow. The present watchword of the Uoulangiste i6 observation and silence. 1 do not believe business affairs are pros perous here— far from it. Everything is as bud as it well can ho. In the largest shops there is plenty of room, and sales were never so mean aud so few. On the Bourse i I'aimma and Rio Tinto they have played j havoc with many forlorn sheep. There I are men who were rich ouly a few weeks I since who must seek for clerkships to- j day. The outlook is very dark, and ! but for the sunny perspective of the I summer harvest tliore would be loud j difference as to the coming of either a Waldeck-ltousseau Cabinet, the arrival to power of M. de Freycinet, or the conjecture whether ALelinu will really persist in bis refusal to form a new Mini \v Everyone wants peace and tranquillity. Wherever they cau be found there people will go. if Boulauger could really conquer the appre hension of war that his career secma to predict, and eveu to make uecessary, there would not be a ripple in tha great sea of his ensy sailing. People are tired and ready to f ollow almoBt anyone to avoid the bother of thinking and acting for themselves, and they do dread poverty, hardship, and the tedium of the present tfatn quo. Unfortu nately for their hop-?s, M. Carnot considers himself President of the Republican con centration, when in reality he was the chance candidate of a division, and therein is the difficulty of his present position and the Ministerial choice.' Jjjws New Youk. — The Hebrew element in New York steadily forges ahead, quite indifferent as to whether Ilenry Hilton or Austin Cobin likesitor not. The Progress Club, which is composed wholly of Jews, has just decided to spend £100,000 ou a club house on Fifth Avenue. 3t is needless to say tbat nearly all the members of the club are business men, as Hebrews are rarely anything else. The Semitic element is not (says au exchange) often token into account in connection with club life in New York, yet the Progress Club is one of the strongest organisations in tho city. It has grown so fast in the two dozen years of its existence that it has had to seek more commodious quarters four or live times, aud now it projects a club-houso that will be one of tbe largest and hftudsomest buildings in the metropolis. The name of tho club signifies more than appears at once. Not only has progress marked tbe course of the club, but that of the whole Jewish part of tiie population as well. The social position of tho Hebrews has certrinly undergone a remarlcable change in the past 30 years. A great deal ol the old prejudice against th«m has been broken down and the field of their rela tions with other people has been greatly widened. Marriage between Jews and Oeniiles steadily becomes more frequent ; ibe Jew and the Gentile are often found t ogether in business partnership ; and t ho children of both sit 6ide by side in tbe schools and form ties of acquaintance and friendship .that are likely to laxt for life. The present Jewish population 'of New York is probably about one hundred thou sand. In a material sense it is an element of the greatest value, and its social im portance is constantly increasing. Of late years it has asserted itself with some effect in politics, ond it may do more in that way by-and-bye. Its capacities are manifold, ; and there's no lack of opportunity for their | development. WTio knows hut an Ameri- j can Disraeli may be a possibility of the not j rery .remote future? A TanrLUNG Tale of the Sea.— The British ship D. Jlorton, 1G26 tons, with a fall crew on board, laden with jute and saltpetre, from Calcutta, was about 40Q miles off the coast of Pernainbuco, in mid ocean (says the Home Newt), when the cry of ' Fire I' was raised. The saltpetre had exploded witb an awful report, and in less than two hoars afterwards the ship was ' from stem to stern in flames. Throughout tbe dreadful scene the captain's youug wife, wbojwas on board, etood by tbe men nt work, and encouraged them to preserve abandoned she assisted in lowering the lifeboat, without for a moment losing self command. One boat with nine sailors and Mrs Lewis was lowered . successfully, but had scarcely been launched when a panic ensued among the rest of the crew. The scorching flames were more than they could endure. Driven to deeperation, eight of them jumped wildly into the sea and swam away from the burning ship. One seaman, named Davis, was overcome by the smoke and dropped into the flames, being consumed before the eyes of hie com rades, whilst another sank after he took tbe fatal leap. Two boats, fully laden, then rowed away, watching tbe destruc tion of their ship, and headed for Pernam buco. For three days and threo nights the two boats, with 10 persons in each, were tossing about the Atlantic, each person' having only a biscuit and a pint of water per day to' live on, when, after suffering intensely from the burning sun, they were picked up by the barque Twilight, from Cardiff, and landed safely at Pernambuco. Tub National _Dwnk Bill. — Dr. Dawson Burns, in a letter to ' The Times,' shows that duruig the post three years the national expenditure on drink has not been much less than £125,000,000 a year. There has been Bomc fluctuation in the figures and in the cost per head of the population. In 16S7 the total expenditure was eome two millions greater than in 168G; and 1888 marks a slight further ad vanco. Dut when we makeallowancefortheestimated yearly increase in the population, we find that the cost per head is not much more in 1887 , tnan in ana tuat l«5S lias been tiie most temperate of tbe three years. When we look back 10 years, we see more reason than ever to congratulate ourselves on the marked signs of improvement in our national habits. In 187G-76 the total ex penditure on drink was some 20.000,000 more than the amount to which it has now sunk, and as the population at that period was some 4,000,000 less than now, the cost per head was proportionately so much tbe greater. The year 187G is the worse to which Dr. Burns refers. Iu that year the cost of drink per head of population was £5 0s. For 18SS it stands at £3 6s Sd. Goinj5 back to l&iO;, we find tbat tbe ex penditure was no more than £2 18s Cd per head, but ' The Times,' commenting on the figures, remarks that there are one or two Soints to be borne in mind of which Dr. urns tells us nothing. The national ex penditure on driuk, like the national ex penditure on any other luxury, is affected very largely by tliedegrceof prosperity which the country at large enjoys. Dr. Burns' ten model years were not years of peace. They includo the time of the great Crimean war, and the nation which is spending money on gunpowder and glory will have so much the less to spend on anything else for several years to come. It is satisfactory tO remember that for 1888 there is no such factor to be considered. The decrease shown in th$ cost of drink per head of population has been going on concurrently with an improvemcut in trade, and with tbe in creased spending powers which an improve ment iu trade brings. Our Bobriuty, there fore, such as it is, has been of a more volun tary kind. We have spent less per head on drink, not because we have less to spend, but because we have been loss inclined to that form of expenditure. There i& room for improvement, it must he admitted, but ' The Times' sees no reason for the gloomy view wbicb Dr. Burns seems to take, and Jess need rhau ever for the repressive measures which be hints at as our only , hope. Unitkd States JLahvest. — Our corn crop just gathered never before yielded such a bountiful harvest, says American Reporter. Nearly two billions of bushels were raised on 75,072,703 acres of the finest land in the world, which will briug us in nearly seven hundred millions of dollars. The train that would be required to bring this immense yield to the seaboard would he 3,000,000 cars, loaded with GG2 bushels each, and nearly 00,000 locomotives, and would reach more thou around the world. So ht'avily loaded a train travels tslowly, and would require a whole year to pass through Chicago. For hours the express train whirls past a green ocean of corn, wherein not a hill is missing. Its towering stalks would afford pecure ambush for an army of 1,000,000 of men, mounted and foot, artillery, ambulances, luule trains and , stragglers. The present price of corn is 1 below what it costs to put it in the farmers' cribs, and if the life is thus to be pro pounded out of it and no relief comes, the farmers must Jet their lands return to j grass aud their only hope lies in an 1 increased export demand. Foun Views or the Empjiess Eugenie. : —Four times 1 have seen the Empress i Eugenie. The tirst was a few mouths after 1 her marriage, when she occupied, with her husband, tho Imperial box at tbe Comtfdie Francaise, exquisite to behold, in white ; silk aud pearls, the famous pearls that bad j formed the Emperor's bridal gift. ] shall 1 not soon forget the Blender, swaying throat rising from the statue-lovely shoulders , with tho grace of a lily Btalk, tho golden lighted tresses, the large almond-shaped I blue eyes, with that mysterious sadness 1 in their depths tlmt one eees in the por traits of Charles l.f shading their tizuro brilliancy, and not to be cbosed away even by the suuny sweetnees of the smiling mouth. Ten years later 3 again beheld the Empress, this time in full court dress, at a gala representation at the opera, blazing with diamonds, with that peerless gem, the Regent, surmounting the classic-shaped diadem tbat sl\c never wore since at tbe penalty of an agouising headocher, ho great was its weight. Her deUcate, flower like beauty had developed and expanded into that of a well-ripened fruit, tbe I rounded arms and ftnely-moulded shoulders 1 dimpling out of glowing draperies of rich red silk. She fiat like a statue, or like Borne gem-bedecked Indian 1 idol, 60 motionless that her diamonds ; flamed ; tbey did not flash or sparkle. Next 1 1 beheld her scowled upon by tho Parisian crowd at the review in 1870, a tired-looking, elder ly woman, with the dainty charms of 1 the inventors of French And then, a year or two ago, 1 tiassed nn ftm Place Vendome a sorrowful lady, rin^ ^ deep mourning, with silvery heir and an inllrm gait, who was in the act «f getting into her carnage, aiding herself withacacS os ehe did so. There was np mistaking the ' sad sweetness of the ««Wftfnnn or I6 ex-Empress paesiug through Paris on her way to one of the Continental water ing-places. Her health is good, with the exception of the rheumatic affection that has troubled her for years, and that imnel« her to 6eek annually the counsels and care of one of the great physicians of Amster dam. She is wealthy, and in growing old she hw grown penurious, so that her heirs, the children of her sister, the Duchess of Alba, will probably inherit one day an im mense fortune. Like a ghost of tbe vanished empire that gave her grandeur, and to which she imparted grace and charm, she flits from one health-giving place of public resort to another, alone on earth 'with lier memories and sorrows. She has survived all those whom she loved— husband, son, mother, and sister. Dead Xoo,. are her hopes tod her ambitions ; have' vanished like her world-renowned beautv like bor queenship, like her long- honed-for and joyously hatfed maternity. -E in the watches of the night a storm of grief will scatter the calmness of her resignation to tbe winds, and she will sit for hours weeping before tbe portrait of the late Prince ImperiaL— Lucy H. Hooper, in the Philadelphia iW. P'. in the ' The Times' Hoaxed a (Antdbt Ago —The London correspondent or the « Birm ingham Poet writes;-- A very curious story has been unearthed at the British Museum, showing how ? The Times' uot far from a centuiy since was imposed upon by u forgery which caused much excitement at the period. It appears that on Saturdav the 13th of February, 179G, it published, as coming from the columns of ? L'Eclair,' a Paris journal which then enjoyed the repu tation of being usually well-informed, the text, in French, of a treaty of peace alleged to have been entered into between tbe French Republic and the Emperor of Austria. The news was so good and so un expected that all the funds rose at. a bound, and the Stock Exchange temporarily re joiced. This was despite the fact that the previous evening, in the House of Com mons, Mr (afterwards the celebrated Lord) Grey bad called the attention of Pitt the younger, to the fact that copies of 'L'Eclair' were in circulation that day containing the striking news, and that the Prime Minister had replied that he knew nothing what ever about the matter, and he doubted its authenticity, because tbe French used in the supposed treaty was more than dubious. It was, in fact, as grotesquely bad as Pigott's spelling; but ? The Times,' then os now, was confident in the integrity of its agents, and told Mr Pitt on that eventful Saturday tbat ' all we can say is that the thing came to us in tbe regular way from Ramsgate in the name of our Dover correspondent, and that it appears to us perfectly regular.' But by the Mon day it began to recognise that something was wrong, and the committee of the Stock Exchange took the matter up, and offered £500 to be put on the track of the forgers ; for by that time it bad been found that forgery bad been at work ; some Jews iu the city of London having for specula tive purposes fabricated the whole number of 4 L'Eclair' in question, and circulated it to various papers and prominent persons in the Bhape best calculated to deceive.' Tin? Longest Speech on ItEConD.— The Toronto Mail said : — Amor De Cosmos, a forpier member of the Dominion Parlia ment, has been for years credited witb the honor of having delivered in the British Columbia Legislature the longest speech on record. But a circumstantial account of the fight in which the speech is said to have been delivered, awards the palm for lung power to Leonard M'Clure, of Victoria, B.C. Tbe British Columbia Government was pushing through tbe Legislature a bill authorising the immediate sale of certain lands in Victoria Ifor taxes. The objection to tlio measure was the circumstance that iu the event of its passage the land would be sold before the owners, who lived at a distance, became aware of the measures taken against them. De Cosmos and M'CIure fought agaiiiBt tbe bill. They were in a hopeless minority. The prorogation of the Legislature had been set for a certain Wednesday at 10 o'clock. On the Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock the Government brought up the bill for final action. De Cosmos took the floor to talk against time. He talked for three hours, and sat down exhausted. M'CIure followed. It had been planned tbat the two should relieve each other, and when one got through the other should take his place. M'CIure spoke ou without a break till 4 o'clock in the morn ing, at which time De Cosmos sent him word that he was not able to leave his bed. M'CIure resumed, and talked the bill out. Allowing for tbe time consumed iu sipping quantities of water, looking at books for reference, 'etc., we find tbat M'CIure spoke continuously 21 hours, and won what was justly regarded as a great victory. Kekv ijeb Going. — An interesting fact tbat may not be known to all amateur boat men is that witb a leaky boat the beet plan ib to strenuously keep her going. A boat may be pierced in several places below the water-liue, und yet continue to float indefi nitely, 60 long as a swift motion through tbo water is kept up. This was recently E roved by on interesting experiment tried y the English builders Thornycroft and Co. with a new boat. For the purpose of making the experiment a jin hole was bored into the side, about 1ft under water. When the boat was at rest the water flowed in very rapidly, but when moving at a speed of about 10 miles an hour a skin of water was drawn over the hole, which re sisted any inflow. A Beauty Show at tile Tabis Exhi bition.— As was only to be expected, the recent and numerous 'beauty shows' which have taken place in various Conti nental cities have put into the head6 of certain Parisians to organise a similar cancour* for the approaching exhibition. Tiie conditions and general arrangements of the show ore original. Black and yel low 41 beauties', will be allowed to com pete, and the Asiatic competitors will have equal chances with their Caucossiau rivals. All tbe ' beauties' will have to wear a uniform dress, ond no jewels will be allowed. There will be no special jury, but the decisions wiU be given by all-powerful universal suffrage, tbe spectators voting as at on election. The most successful com Setitor will be called the ' Queen of eauty,' and will obtain a prize of £1200 sterling. The show will take place during April. Printed and published by the proprietor Jaues Biuckuxll (res iding in Brisbane street, Launceston), at tbe Daily Tele graph Printing Oflice, Patterson- stre&S; Launcspton, Tasmania. 