TALE. Claude Damien's Million. Queen's Gato looked a little askance at Mr. Ponsonby Walker, though ho occupied one of tlio biggest houses thoro and dispensed lavish hospitality. Ho was a tall, stout, red-faced elderly raim. with u faniiliur raminor nud a jovial'laugh, addiotod to itpotless whits wuist ooats, loud-pattcrued trousora, and patent leathor boots. Ho was very hearty and genial with ovory ono, and had tho reputation of bo ing ablo and willing to raalio fortunes in the oity for auy of his friends who ohoso to aeok his advico and assistance But, though his wife woro diamonds and he kopt up a con siderable establishment, thoro was a vaguo feeling of distrust regarding his allogod wealth— Business men shook their heads at the inontion of his namo, and hinted that, though ho described himsolf ua a financier, ho dealt with other people's money rather than his own, and was ohiofly ongti.rod in tho mysterious occupation of promoting publio companies. These rumoura, however, did not provont the Ponsonby Walkers from having a largo oirelo of friends and acquaintances, who as sisted at their sooial functions and returned Pjheir hospitality by similar entertainments. £Jn fact, tho Ponsonby Walkers wcro rather fushionablo pooplo, and it was, perhaps, envy as much as anything else which caused Homo of their neighbours to speak disparagingly of them. Tho prevailing impression among honest, unsophisticated folk was that Mr. Ponsouby Walker was a porsonagoin tho oity of Hoarooly less importanco and Btuuding than a Rothschild or a Baring, and no one was moru deeply imbued with this idea than young Claudo Dumien. But threo-und-tweuty is a credulous ago, and a passionato admiration for a man's daughter is apt to shed a kind of golden halo around tho young lady's parents laudo Damion would never have thought of auspcoting Mrs. Ponsonby Walker of being dull and commonplaoo, nor did ho over doubt that Mr. Ponsonby Wnlkor was a morohant priuco of almost untold wealth. Under thoso oiroumstancos it is not surprising that tho young gentleman foH serious misgivings on tho subjeot of his nttaohraont to Mr. Ponsonby Wulkor's only daughter Miriam, for ho gueBaod instinctively that tho finanoior would sternly discourage his pretensions. But Miriam Walker was an impulsivo, ^?jrnn-hearted girl, and having lurod Claude ?Damiou to his Into by rocoiving his attentions with marked favour, sho scoffed at his idea that his povorty was an insurmountable bar to their union. Sho fervently vowed that, whatever her father's decision might bo, she would always rogard Claudo as her affianced husband, and prevailed upon tho young man to demaud tho parental consont and bonodio tion. Sho succeeded in almost persuading him that Ponuonby Walkor belonged to tho benovolent ordor of fathers who aro disposed to overlook auuh trifling drawbacks as ab sence of insoino and oxpoctations in. a daughter's suitor. Claudo Damion could not quite bring himself to rogard Ponsonby Walkor in that amiablo and f atuoiw light, but, rendered despnrato by tho state of his affec tions, ho aorowed up his courage and called upon Miriain'a fathor ono day at his office in the city. 'What can I dp for you, Mr. Damion ?' in quired tho financier, iu a patronizing, oonde soouding tone, as Claudo ontored with his heart thumping against his ribs like a but tcriug- ram. ' You do not recognize rao, sir,' said Claudo nervously obsorving that Mr; Ponsonby Walkor road his name from his card with a ?*er,itation which showed that it was un .iliar. 'Iliad the pleasure to bo intro duced to you onco nt tho houso of a mutual friond, Major Stauhopo.' ' Ah ! to bo sure. iTou'ro a son of tho late Geueral Damion. I romombor. perfectly,' Baid Mr. Ponsonby Walkor oncouragingly. ' Can I have a few minutes pi'ivato con versation with you, sir !' murmured tho yuunjrman. ' Well, I am vorymuoh overwhelmed with busiuesH jtmt now. I have an important meet ing of the board of tho Grand El Dorado Dia mond Mining Company at 3 o'olook,' said Mr. Ponsonby Walker, with importance. ' Wo aro proceeding to allotment, Mr. DamioD,' ho added significantly. ' Oh, indeed !' obsorved Claudo. ' Yos ; a splondid property, Mr. Damion ; a splondid property,' said Ponsonby Walkor, rubbing his hands. As a friond of Major Stanhopo, I adviso you to apply ut onoo for somo shares ? ' 'No— no, thank you,' interpesod Claude, with an ominous sinking at his hoart. ' Tho faot is, I havo called to ask your permission to beoomo engaged to your daughtor Miriam.' ' To my daughter Miriam— to Miss Pon sonby Walker!1 exclaimed thofinnnoier, stnr Lngviat tho young man with undisguisod amazement. ' Have you spokon to hor on tho suhjeotf ' Ires ; last night, at Mra. Anstrnthor'a ball,' said Claudo eagerly. ' Really this iB vory serious,' said Mr Pon sonby Walker solemnly. 'I havo hoard nothing of it. Will you havo tho goodness, Mr. Damion, to stato your position and pros pects?' l L Poor Claudo Damion roalized with painful force, tho uttor hopelessness— not to tay te mority— of his mission, aa ho proeeodod, in faltoring accents, to desoribo his unfoitunato oircumatanpos ; and it is hardly surprising that tho brief statement caused Mr. Ponsonby Walker to grow orimsou with indignation. ' Do you muun to tell mo, Mr, Damion, that you havo no moans, no occupation, and 110 expectation whatever ?' oxolaimod tho financier, falling buck in his ohair, and gaz ing at him with contemptuous amazoment ; ' no rolatives, ovon, or friends to whom you can look for assiBtauco !' 1 I havo an unolo— my poor mother's brother— living in Amorioa. I havo heard thliat ho is rioh and a baoholor,' said Claudo, p^.tn shcor desperation. ?'« Woll ! and what is his namo? and what ?S ? i, ° for y°u p- inquired Ponsonby Walker, a httlo more encouragingly. 'His name is William Barnes. Ho omi grated many years ngo, and Ibeliovo holiveB at Princess Town, Kansas county. But I havo no right to oxpeot that ho will do any thing for me;' added poor Claudo blushing \lOu y' ' *n&oe-l; 1'° 'is nover answered tho letter which I wroto to him somo months ago, Yrhen my father died.' ' Upon my word, this is absolutely pro posterous!' exolaimcd Mr. Ponsouby Wnlkor, bounding from his ohair and glar ing at his unfortunate visitor from tho centro of tho hearth-rug. - Do you Bcriously sup posofornn instant, Mr. Damien, that lean consent to your engaging yoursolf to— ahom ! — Miss Ponsonby Walker ?' 'I lovo your daughtor, air, very dooply and am doing my boat to seek employment. I h»ped, perhaps, that you might oonaont con ditionally upon my ? ' 1 Pshaw ! Mr. Daraion, you are wasting my timo and your own,' intorposod Mr. Pon sonby Walker, with an angry gesture. ' U n - dorstand, please, onco for all, that I forbid you to speak to my daughtor again. Your conduct, sir, is impertinent— nothing Iobh than importinout. In faot, I— I— Mr. Daraien, obligo mo by loaving tho room this instant.' Mr. Pousonby Walkor was purplo in tho face with furious indignation, and ho oven miido a step toward Claudo, us though ho meditated violouco. Tho young man had Hoiiso onough to porcoivo that to attempt to prolong tho interview would probably lead to a rogrotf ul scono and ho, thoroforo, prudently withdrew, fooling moro dcoply humiliated and crestfallen than ho had over dono in his lifo. Tho truth was that Olaudo Daraion was thoroughly ushamod of himself, for ho was an huno.it lad, and ho painfully roalizod that ho | '? jl acted tho purt of tin impudont adventurer. ?K was, no doubt, tho height o£ prosutnption on his purt, considering that ho was absolutely penniless and friendless, to aspire to marry tho daughter of a rich man. To do him jus tico nothing had been further from his mind .than to profit bythooiroumstanoes of tho girl he loved being a heiross. Ho was just ut that romantio ago when to ranko a fortuno eami only a question of giving tho mind to it, and ho had vaguely dotormined thp.t ho would set to work with that lauduble object without a moment's delay. Mr. Ponsonby Walkor's indignation had, howovor, oponed his eyes to tho unpleasant faot Chat his conduct was worso than thoughtless, and ho was so romorsoful nnd contrite that ho immediately wroto a heartbroken and penitent letter to Miriam Walker, releasing her from hor engagement. But Miss Ponsonby Walkor was evidently a young lady of considerable spirit and force of ohoraotor, for sho absolutely refusod to give up hor lovor, and deolared that she waa ready to wait for him for a thousand yours. Sbo_ hinted that sho did not despair of over coming hor father's opposition, and peremp torily commandod Claudo to moot hor at tho houso of a mutual friond to which thoy had both been invited. The young man had neithor tho strongth of mind nor, indeed, the inclination to resist the opportunity of renew ing his protestation of ardont dovotion, and tho consequonco was that, much against his conscience, Claudo Damion continuod to carry on his clandestine oourtship. In extonuation of thoso imprudont young pooplo it may bo urged that Mrs. Ponsonby Walkor was harily less to blame than thoy, for Miriam's mothor, who wan a atout lady ot an easy-going, phlogmatio disposition, must oithor havo boon intentionally blind or oxtromely stupid. At all events, Bhonovorintorfored, though Claudo Damion contrived to obtain invitations to sovoral entertainments to which tho Ponsonby Walkers woro bidden, and, aa tho finanoior raroly accompanied his wife and daughtor into society, the young man found no obstaolo to his lovo-making. Moftnwhile, Claudo mado stronuous offorts to obtain employment, but unfortunatoly without Hucooas. His friends woro (ohiofly retired half-pay brother oflioers of his lato father, who had no influenoo whatever in iho jommoroial world, and tho lad possessod no accomplishments or resources of any kind tvhich ho could turn to ncoount. Luckily for !iim8olf his temperament was sanguino, and le found Miriam's sweofc oncouragemont a lufficicnt antidote against the demoralizing nfluences of perpetual disappointment. In ;hia mannor a mouth or six wooks passed, and ;ho only rosult of this lapse of timo was that jlaudo Damien becamo more infatuated than iver. Ho waa ovou beginning to fool a littlo lepressed iu rnomonts of solitudo, when ono lay ho waB startled byreooiving a formidable ookiug lottor, addrossed in an unlcuown hand ind hearing an American stamp. Tho sight if it onusod tho young man an anxious thrill if expectation, for ho immediately concluded hat it was a reply from his matornal unolo, ;o whom ho had written many months pro 'iouoly. ' Whon, with trembling hand, ho -roko tho seal, tho following communication net his astonished gazo : 537, Block a, Phinoess Town, \ Kansas Oou.rrv. j Sia : I bog to acquaint you that, by the rill of your late unolo, William Barnos of his oity (copy of whioh I inclose), you are mtitled, as rosiduury legatee, to tho wholo of iis property and offeotB, estimated at about 15,000,000. Tho testator died on tho 2Utof list month. Awaiting tho honour of your Dstruotions, I am, sir, yours obodiontly, SiiiA8 G. Blotting, Barrister, etc. To Claudo Damion. Tho young man fairly gasped for broath as lo read this amazing intelligence, and for evoral minutes ho stared blankly at the lottor, inablo to rsalizo that ho was actually a nul ionairo. But as ho grow calmer, and pro ceded to read tho will of his deceased relativo 10 grasped tho situation suffioontly to jump nto a cab and drivo straight to tho oflioe of 'onsonby Walker. Miriam's father recoived him with ven* oant courtosy, but whon ho announced his :ood fortuno and produced tho letter of Silas Slotting and tho copy of his uncle's will, tho inancicr's manner changed completely. ' My dear Damion,' oxolaimed Ponsonby Yalkor, in nn almost awo-striokon voico, thiB is glorious news ? I congratulate you.' ' I lovo your daughtor, air,' murmured the oung man tremulously, ' A million sterling !' ejaculated Mr. Pon onby Walker, rising oxoitedly in Mb ohair. ?It belongs to Miriam,' cried Claude with motion. ' My dear Claude, your constanoy it touoh ng,' said Mr. Ponsouby Walker quite over oino. ' G-od bless you, my boy !' ' Thank you, sir,' said Claudo, wringing tho iand of his futuro father-in-law. ? Claude, my boy, regardloas of your for uno, it will bo hotter that you should havo omo employment. As a start, thoreforo, I rould suggost that you should join tho Board f tho Grand El Dorado Diamond Mining jompany,' criod Mr. Ponsonby Walkor, with udden eagerness. ' Certainly, air,' said tho young man iromptly. ' May I put you down for a hundred hares ?' inquirod Mr. Ponsonby Walkor in a lusinesa-liko tono. ' I'll take a thousaud,' replied Claudo, rith a now and delightful soubo of reokless 1CSS. ' No, no ; you mustn't put all your ogga in ino basket. Tho Grand El Dorado, however, pill bo a splondid thing — a splendid thing. 3ut a hundred shares will bo onough,' said llr. Ponsonby Walker, rapidly filling up a irintod form. ' There, my boy, sign that, ind you will discovor that I have givon you 1 princely wedding gift.' Claudo Dftmion dashed off his signal uro in 1 lordly manner, and them started oft in a state if doliriouB happiness to claim his aflinncod -rido. Then oamo a poriod of dolioious ox itemoQt, during whioh tho young man waa oarr.oly conscious of his own identity. His uddon olovatiou from povorty to oxtromo vcalth almost turned his hoad. Not only was 10 received with nfl'ectionato deforonco into ho bosom of tho Ponaonby Walkor family, mt he was overwhelmed with congratulations md polito attentions from every ono. Tho aino of his good luck spread abroad like wild ire, and bofcre a week hud olapsed every lewspaper in England published paragraphs tlludiug to tho evout, and also mentioning tho mppy oiroumstanooa of his engagomont. Mr. ?onsonby Walkor oxpresspd great annoyanoo md indignation at tho introduction of his laughtor'a namo into tho publio prints, but 31aude could not help fancying that his 'ather-in-law elect wutmot so displeased as ho iffeoted to bo. But Claudo Damion had something else to ;hink of bosido lovo-making and. responding a congratulatory opistlos. In tho first place t was uocessary to tako steps to obtain pos lession of his property, and for this purposo 10 placod himsolf in tho hands of a firm of loliotors, rocommondod by Mr. Ponsonby SValkor. Unfortuuatoly, Mr. Blotting wroto n reply to telegraphic inquiries that tho tos :ator's ostato consisted nlmostontiroly of land md houses whioh could not bo convortod into nonoy until after tho usual interval. This ,viih a disappointment to Claudo, for ho longed ;o tasto tho sweets of his inheritance, and, noreovor, ho hadbeon applied to for tho pur jhaso monoy of hia shares in tho Grand El Dorado Gold Mining_ Company. Having no means of mooting this demand, ho had no al tornativo but to ecok tho advico and aBBistanco jf Mr. Ponsonby Walkor. 1 What a ridiouloua situation,' oxolaimod tho financier, with a hoarty laugh, as ho slapped his futuro son-in-law on tho back. ' Imagiuo an impecunious millionaire ?' ' It's awkard all tho samo,' said Olaudo, laughing also. ' Pooh ! There noed bo no difficulty,' res pnncd Ponsonby Walker. ' I'll -writo you a ohequo. Stay though!' ho added, thoughtfully. ? I think, on consideration, that I had bettor not. Ono can't bo too oareful in thoso matters and remarks might bo made if it should trau upiro that tho monoy oamo from mo.' Ponsonby Walker winked confidentially as ho apoko and looked bo knowingly at the young man that the latter,, without tho least under-. standing him, felt impressed by tho wisdom of tho financier's iomar)c. . ? ' I suppoHQ not,' aoqu'iesced Claude, doubt fully ; ' but whoro shall I get tho monoy from i' ' You can borrow it from your solioitor, or — well, perhaps it is beitor to bo independent and you can afford tho lluxury— why not got it from Benlovi ?' Baid' Pocsonhy Walkor. ' By all moans. But who is Benlovi ?' in quired Claudo. ' Benlovi of Burlington street,' replied Mr. Ponsonby Walker, with another sagacious wink. ' A monoy lender, but honest us thoy go. Ho will make you pay for tho accom modation, out what will that mattor to you?' So Claude, nothing loth, paid a visit to Mr. Bonlovi, who roooived him vory oivilly, hav ing ovidontly read all about him in the nows papors. From this worthy tho young man obtained, ousomowhat startling terms, a sum of money whioh onabled him to take up Ms sharos and left something over. . Being thus in funds Claude Damien did not soruple to launch out a littlo by taking an oxpensivo set of chambers and furnishing thorn out luxur iously. Ho found no diffioulty in obtaining credit from tradespeople, und having onco set the ball rolling, ho soon raisod a very eonnid orable orop of debts, and began to live in a manner worthy of his onviable oiroum stances. At tho instance of his futuro father-in-law, who represented that ho ought not to neglect his own interests, Claude Damien attended one or two meetings of the dirootors of tho Grand El Dorado Diamond Mining Company, though tho proceedings, und indeed the com pary itsolf, rather bored him. It was gratify ing, howovor, to tho young man that his oon neotion with tho oompany had had a vory good effect and that its shares were bung oagerly applied for, especially as he understood that in somo mysterious way the success of tho oompany was an oxcollont thing for Miriam's father. Claudo was a little puzzled at this, bociuseMr. Ponsonby Walker's name did not uppoar on tho prospectus of tho com pany, nor among the list of sharoholdors.' But tho young man asked no questions, being absorbed with tho rapturos of lovemaking and the delights of luxurious living, and, as Mr. Ponsonby Waikor soon oeaBed to trouble him any moro about tho oorapany, Claudo was per fectly content not to refer to it. It was, perhaps, fortunato for tho young man's peaoo of mind that he Bhirked tho di rectors' meetings, and lie vor road the finanoial columns of tho newspapers, for ho thus re mained in happy ignorance of ugly rumours which began to be circulated about tho now vonturo. Ho did, indeed, hoar somothing of an unfavourable report which had corao to hand concerning tho company's mines, and which had caused a panio and a groat outcry among tho shareholders. Still this gave him but littlo uneasiness. Early one morning, howovor, a fow daya after thoso rumourd first camo to hia ears, Claude Da.mien found his sitting-room, oc cupied by a gaunt -looking, oldorly gontloman. who was Boated in his best oasy-ohair, tran quilly smoking a cigar and reading tho news paper. Claudo started in amazement at th o strangor,;whoso shrivelled foaturos seemed oddly familiar, though ho was not oonsoicus of ever having Been him before His uncere monious visitor stnrod ut him in return with an amused, half-contemptuous expression, which excited tho young mun'B wrathful in dignations. ' Who are you, sir? and what aro you doing here ?' demanded Olaudo angrily. ' I'm acorpso,' said J10 old gontloman with a sardonic grin. ' A what ?' exclaimed Claudo, starting. ' I used to bo your mother's brother Wil liam, and consequently your uncle, young man,' stiid tho stranger, with a deoidad American twang ; ' but it seems on this sido, I'm only a testator. Whon I heard the no ws over yonder, thoro seomod to mo to bo somothing kindor wrong about it ; so I've como over to make inquiries.' 1 Good heayons !' gaspod Claudo, turning palo.. ' If — if what you say is true, I have boen duped. But Mr. SilasBlotting of Prin cess Town ? ' ? Thero is no such poraon,' interposed tho old gentleman oalmly. ' What doos it mean, then ?' cried Claudo wildly. 'I have had letters from him. He told me that my uncle, William Barnes of Prinooss Town, was dead.' 1 Thero is no sueh person as William Barnos of Princess Town, either, I guess,' said the old gentleman, with another grin. ' I'm located at Chicago, and left Princos3 Town a dozon years ago. Have you any doubt that I'm your unolo, young man, and that I'm alive still ?' Claudo looked earnestly at tho face boforo him, but, in truth, his sorutiny was unneces sary. Already the conviction had been bdrno upon him that ho was speaking to his mothor's brothor, for tho family likeness was unmistakable. ?Seems to mo, nophew, that you've em barked on a protty big swindle,' Baid his undo, with a significant glance round the woll-appointed room. ' I am ruinod, dishonoured !' exclaimed Claudo, ovorwholmed with shame as ho thought of his debts and tho difficulty of his position. ' What will Mr. Ponsonby Walker — what will Miriam think ? I am innocent of any swindle, Uncle William,' ho added, with fiorco energy. ' Say, how did it allhappon then?' inquired his unolo, in a friendly tone. Claude Damion, feeling that he was on his dofenco, pulled himsolf together and gavo u luoid and coherent account of tho ovonts whioh havo boon narrated. His undo lis tened with close attention, and occasionally asked questions, which, if the young man had bocn less agitated, would have given rise to a suspicion that the old gontloman had already mado liinwolf acquainted with the circumstanoes. 'Woll, nophow, if you ain't a knave you are a tool, which is almost as had in thoRO days,' said his urolo, whon ho had finished. 'Your Mr. Ponsouby Walkor has played you a nioo triok !' ' Mr. Ponsonby Walker 1' oxolaimod Olaudo with a start. ' Why, certainly. It wan a plan of his to boom his precious company, whoso shares, by tho by, aro now worthless. But that don't matter to him. Ho floated tho ooncorn, and got Mb promotion-money, you bet,' said tho old gentleman, with quiet eouviotion. ' Impossible !' gasped Claudo, horrified at tho suggestion. 'That is so, and you've got into an awk ward scrape. The boat thing you can do is to dear out of it, and corao along with mo,' said his uncle, not unkindly. ' I've business over yondor in Princoss Town — dry-goods store. It ain't aristooratio, but it's honest. I call myself Williams ovor thoro because I'm in trade and don't want to hurt tho family prido,' addod tholold gontloman, sarcastically. ' Hang family prido ! I'll go with you unolo, cortainly, and if necessary, Bwoop out the shop,' oried Claude, with heartfelt oarn ostnoBS. ' But what about my dobts P' 'No vor mind your debts,' replied tho old gentloman, who soomod pleased at his nophow's ovidont sincerity. 'Thoy aronotyour debts ; thoy aro Mr. Ponsonby Walkor's. He shall soo to 'em.' ' And — and Miriam j' oxolaimod the young man with a boating hoart. ' Miriam! Oh ! That is tho girl P You don't supposo sho really oaros for you, you young idiot,' said his undo brusquoly. ? I'm sure sho doos. Whatovor hor fathor may bo. Miriam is true, and — and I lovo hor, Undo William, bettor than my life,' ox olaimod Ckudo pxoitodly. 'Woll, if that is eo,' said his unolo. in a quiot, mntter-of fact tono, ' as I'vo no room for absont-mindLd lovers in my establishment you had hotter marry hor straight away. You think sho would oomo, oh ?' 'Undo!' ojacnlatod Claudo, completely stacrgered by tho boldness of tho proposition ?Why — why, of oonrso sho would. But — but hor paronta would never consent. Mr. Ponsonby Walkor ? ' ' Leave him to me,' Baid the old gentleman with a grim smilo. , He will bo only too anxious to get rid of the ghost ho has raised on any terms, you bat ! I've got evidence in iny pocket which, will inako him listen to reusou. If ycu oan persuade tho girl to come back with us in tho Etruria at the end of tho month, I'll fix matters with her father and got his blessing— for what it's worth ! — into the bargain.' Claude nover quite understood how it all occurred, but ho not only received Ponsonby Walker's Mossing, but, what was moro to tho point, the hand of his daughtor and re ceipta for all tho money ho Wed. — London Truth. 