T8E M©y£UST. KMLSoIomoii's lines, ! BY HEIDER HAGGARD. CHAPTER VI. water! water! v In 'to hours' time, about; four o'clock J woke up. As soon as tho.first heavy Imand of bodily fatigue had been snjsfied the torturing thirst from which was suffering asserted itself. I could leep no more. I had been droamij? that I was bathing in a runninfetream, with green banks and trees ion them, and I woke to find myselfin that arid wilderness, and to lUliLCUJC'l UlltiU, -IO KUtlwytv ..(in iJluiu, 11. we didiot find water that day we must cerfcaiiy perish miserably. No human crcatui could live long' without water in thnlheai. I sot up and rubbed my grimyifaco with my dry and horny hands/ My lips and eyelids wero stuck together, and it was only after somo/ubbiug and with au effort that I /vas'ablo to open them. It was not fa' off the dawn, but there was none oftho bright feel oE dawn in the air, wlich was thick with a hot murkiness I Vaunot describe. The others were stih sleeping. Presently it began to grov light enough to read, so I- drew outj a little pockot copy of the 'Injoldsby Legends' I had brought witl mo, and read the 'Jackdaw of Rheiins.' When I got to where i 'A nice little boy held a golden owcr, i Embossed, mid filled with water as puro ; Ai any that flaws between IMiciras and | ' Nauiur,' I I literally smacked my cracked lips, or \ ratter tried to smack them. The mere :; though of that pure water made me' ; mad. If the Cardinal had been there v with his bell, book, and candle, , J ? would haved wiped in and drank his water up, yes, oven if ho had already filled it with the suds o£ soap ..worthy of washing the hands of the Pops, «nd j I know that the whole concentrated I curse of the Catholic Church should ; fall upon me for so doing. I almost 1 think I must have been, a little light headed with thirst and weariness and want of food; for I fell to thinking how astonished the Cardinal and his nice little boy and the jackdaw would have looked to see a burnt up, brown eyed, grizzled-haired little elephant hunter suddenly bound in and put his dirty face into the basin, and swallow every drop of the precious water. Tho idea amused me so that I laughed or rather cackled aloud, woke tho others up, and they began to rub their dirty faces and got their gummed-up lips and eyelids apart. As soon as we were all well awake we fell to discussing the situation, which was serious enough. Not a drop of water was left. AVe turned the water bottles upside down, and licked the tops, but it was a failure, they wero as dry as a bone. Good, who had charge of the bottle 01 brandy, got it out and looked nt it longingly ; but Sir Henry promptly took it away from him, for to drink raw spirit would only have been to precipitate the end. ' If we do not find water we shall die,' he said, 1 If we can trust to tho old Doin's map there should be some about,' I said ; but nobody seemed to derive much satisfaction from that remark. It was so evident that no great faith could be put in the map. It was now gradually growing light, and as we sat blankly stairing at each other I ob served the Hottentot Yenlvogel rise and begin to walk about with his eyes on tho ground. Presently he stopped short, and uttering a guttural exjla niation, pointed to the earth. ' Well,' I said, ' it is pretty fresh Springbok spoor; what of it ?' 'Sprinbocks do not go far from water,' lie answered in Dutch. ' No,' I answered ' I forgot* ; and thank God for it.' This little discovery put new lifo into us ; it is wonderful how, when one is in a deaperato position, one catches iu tho slightest hope, and feels almost happy in it. On a dark night a single star is bettor than nothing. Meanwhile Ventvogel was lifting liis snub nose, and sniffling the hot air for all tho world like an old Icnpala ram who scents danger, Presently he spoke again. ? I smell water,' ho said. Then we felt quite jubilant, for we know what a wonderful instinct theso wild-bred men possess, Just at that moment the isun came sp gloriously, and revealed so -grand n sight to our'astonished.eyes that for a inoment or two wo even forgot our thirsc. For there, not more than forty or firty miles from us, glittering like silver in the early rays of the morning aun, were Sheba's Breasts ; and stretch ing away for hundreds of miles on each side of them was tho great Suli in-in Berg. Now that I, sittiDg bore, attempt to describe the extraordinary grandeur and beauty of that sight language seems to fail me. I am impotent even before its memory. There, straight before U3, wore two enormous mountains, the like of which ire not, I believs, to be seen in Africa, if indeed they are any other such in tijo world, measuring each at least ii'teen thousand foetin height, standing net more than a dozen miles apart, coinecfced by ft precipitous clif E of rock ant towering up in awful white fcolunnity straight into the sky. These ruouitaitis standing Ihu3, : like tho, pillars ;ofi a gigantic gateway, wero^ shaped exactly life a woman's breasts. Theii bases swelled qreatly up from the plain, looking at the distance perfectly rouud aud smooth; and on ?tho tup uf etioli was 'a vast; round hillock covered with uuow, exactly 'corresponding to the nipple on the tetnale breast.: The.atretoh to£ cliff; vhioh connected fcUem appoared- to lie V some thousand feet in height, and porfectly precipitous, and on each; side of them, as for as the eye could roach, extondod similar lines .of cli(T,j broken only hero and; there? by Hat; table-topped-mountains, something likoj the world-famed one at Cape Town ; aj formation, by the way, very common :n! Africa. ? To describe tho grandeur of the' whole view is ^beyond..! my ?..powers; There was something so inexpressibly1 solemn and overpowering about'1 those huge volcanoes, that it fairly took my breath away. Eor a whiie the morning1 lights played' upon the' snow and the brown and swelling masses beneath, and then, as thoughto veil the majostic sight from our curious eyes, strange mists and clouds gathered and increased .around'. them,*tul presently we . could only trace .their, puro outline swelling ghost-like through tho fleecy envelope. Indeed, as wo after wards discovered, they wero normally wrapped in this curious gauzy mist, which doubtless accounted for one not having mado them out; more clearly before. The mountains had scarcely vanished into cloudclad privacy before our thirst — literally a burning question — reas- serted itself. It' was all verv well for Ventvogel to say ho smelt water, but look which may we would wo could seo no signs of it, So far as the' eye could 'reach there was nothing but' arid sweltering sand and karoo scrub. 'We walked round the hillock and gazed about anxiously on the other side, but it was tho same Btory, not a drop of water was to be seen ! there waa no indica tion of a pan, a pool, or a spring. 1 Tou are a fool,' I said angrily to Vontvogel ; ' there is no water.' But still he lifted his ugly nO3o and sniffed. ' I smell it, Baas ' (master), he answered ; 'it is somewhere in the air.' ' Yes,' I said, ' no doubt it is in the clouds, and about tivo months hence it will fall and wash our bones.' ' Sir Henry stroked his yellow benrd thoughfully. ' Pe-haps it is on the top of tho hill,' he suggested. ' Hit,1 said Good ; ' whoever hoard of water being found on the top of a hill !' 1 Let us go and look,' I put in, and hopelessly enough we scrambled up the sandy sides of of the hillock, TJmbopa leading. Presently ho . stopped as though he was petrified. ' Mnnzie man/.io!' (here is water), he cried with a loud voice. AVc rushed up to him, and there, sure enough, in a deep cut or inden tation on the very top of the sand koppie was an undoubtful pool of water. How it came to be in such a strange place we did not stop to inquire nor did we hesitate at its black and uninviting appearance, It was water, or a good imitation of it, and that was enough for us. Wo gave a bound and a rush, and in another second wore all down on our stomachs sucking up the uninviting fluid as though it wero nectar fit for tho gods, Heavens, how wo did drink! Then when we had done drinking we tore off our clothes and sat down in it, absorbing the the moisture through our parched skins. You, O reader, who have only to turn on a couple of taps and summon ' hot ' and 'cold' from an unseen vasty boiler, can have little idea of the luxury of that muddy wallow iu brackish tepid water. After a while wo rose from it, refreshed indeed, and fell to on our ' biltong,' oE which wo had scarcely been able to touch a mouthful for twenty- four hours, and ate our MI. Then we smoked a pipe, aud lay down by the side of that blessed pool under tho overhanging shadow oE the bank, and slept till mid-day. All that day wo rested there by the water, thanking our star3 that we had been lucky enough to fiud it, bad as it was, and not forgetting to render a due share of gratitudo to the shade of the long-departed da Silvestra, who had corked it down so accurately on the tail of his shirt. Tho wonderful thing to us was that it should have lasted so long, and tho only way that I cau account for it is by the sup position that it is fed by some spring deep down in the sand. Having filled both ourselves and our water-bottle as full aa possible, iu far better spirits we started off again with the moon. That night wo covered nearly live-and-twenty inilos, but, needless to say, found no inoro water, though we wero lucky enough on tlio following day to get a little shade bo hind somo antheaps. When the sun rose and, for awhile, cleared away the mysterious mists, Suliiniui's Berg with the two majectic breasts, now only about twenty miles oft', seemed to be towering right above us, and looked grander than evor. At the approach of evening we started on again, and, to cut a long story sh.irfc, by daylight nest morning found ourselves upon tho lowest slopes of Sneba's left breast, for which we had been steadily steer ing. By this timo our water was again exhausted and wo were suffering severely from thirst, nor indeed could we see any chance of relieving it till we reached the snow lino far fur above us. After resting an hour or two, driven to it by our torturing thirst, wo wont on again, toiling painfully in the burning heat up the lava slopes, for wo found that tho huge baso of the mountain was composed entirely of lava bods belohod out in some far past ago. ... By eleven o'clock wo wero utterly ? exhausted, aud were, gonorally speak ing, in a very bad Btato indocd. . The lava clinker, over. which wo had to make our way, though comparatively smooth compared with some clinker 1 havo heard of, such as that on the Islaud of Ascension, for instance, was yet, rough enough to uake our fuet vory sore, and this, together with our other miseries, had pretty well finished us. A few huudred yards above us were some large lumps of lava, and towards those we steered with tho intention of lying down -.beneath ,their shade.1 '. We roached. them, and to , our surprise, so ;far : as ; wo had a capacity for surprise left in us, on a little plateau or ridge close by wo saw that the lava was covered with a dense' green growth. Evidently soil formed from decomposed lava had rested there and in due course had become the receptacle of seeds deposited by birds. But we. did ,.' not take much : further interest in the green growth, for one cannot live on grass like Nebuchad nezzar. That requires a special dispensation of Providence and peculiar digestive organs. So we sat down under tho rocks and groaned, and I for one: heartily wished that we bad never started on this fool's errand. As We wero sitting there I' saw l/mbopa gob- up and ' hobble, off towards the patch of groen, and a few minutes afterwards, to my great astonishment I perceived that usually uncommonly dignilknl individual dancing and shout ing liko n maniac, nnd waving some thing green. GIF wo all scrambled towards him as fast as our wearied limbs would carry us, hoping that he bud found water. ' What is it, Umbopa, son of a fool V I.shoutod in Zulu. ' It is food and water, Macuinazihn,' and again he waved the green thing. Then I saw what ho had got. It was a melon. We had hit upon a patch of wild melons, thousands o£ them, and dead ripe. ' Melons !' I yelled to Good, who was next to mo ; and in another second ho had his falso teeth fixed into one of them. I think wo ate about six each before we had done, and, poor fruit as they were, I doubt if lever thought any Ihing nicer. But melons are not vory satisfying, and when we had satisfied our thirst with their pulpy substance, and put a stock to cool by the simple process of cutting them in two and setting them oud on in tho hot sun to -*ot cold by evaporation, we began to feel exceed ingly hungry. We had still some biltong, and besides we had to be very sparing of it, for we could not say when we should get more food. Just at this moment a lucky thing happened. Looking towards tho desert I saw a flock of about ten large birds flying straight towards us. 'Skit, Baas, skit!' (shoot, master, shoot), whispered the Hottentot, throwing himself on his face, an example which we all followed. Then I saw that tho birds wero a (lock of pauw (bustards), and that they would pass within fifty yards of my head. Taking one of tho repeating 'Winchesters I waited till they were nearly over us, and then jumped on to my feet. On seeing me the pauw bunched up together, as 1 expected they would, and I fired two shots straight into thorn, and, as luck would havo it, brought ono down, a fine fellow, that weighed about twenty pounds. In half an hour wo had a fire made of dry melon stalks, and he was toasting over it, and we had such n. feed as we had not had for a week. We ate that pauw ; nothing was left of him but his bones and his beak, and felt not a little the better afterwards That night wo a^ain went on with tho moon, carrying as many melons aa we could with us. As wo sot higher up we found the air get coolur and cooler, which was a great rolief to us, and at dawn, so far as we could judge, wero not moro than adozsn miles from the snow line. Here we found more melons, so had no longer any anxiety about water, for wo knew that wo should soon got plenty of snow. But the ascent had now become very pre cipitous, and we made but slow progress, not moro than a milo an hour. Also that night we ate the last morsel of biltong. As yet, with tho exception oE the pauw, we had not seen a living thing on tho mountain, nor had we camo across a single stroam of water, which struck us as very odd, consider ing all the snow aboro us, which must, wo thought, melt sometimes. But as wo afterwards discovered, owing to some cause which it is quite beyond ray power to explain, all the streams flowed down upon the north side of the monntains. Wo now began to grow vory anxious about food. We had oscaped death by thirst, but it seemed probable that it was only to die oE hunger. The events of tho uoxt three miforablo days are bust described by copying the entries mado at the timo in my note-book. 2 1st May. — Started 11 a.m., finding tho atmosphere qnito cold enough to travel by day, carrying somo water melons with us. Struggled on all day, but saw no moro melons, having evidently passed out of their district. Saw no game of any sort. Halted for tho night (if; sundown, having had no food for many hours. Suffered much, during the night from cold. 22nd. — Started at sunrise ngaiu, feeling very taint and weak. Only made five miles all day; found some patches of snow, of which wo ato, but nothiug else. Camped at night under the edge of a groat plateau. Cold, bitter. Drank a little brandy each, and huddled ourselves together, each wrappo'd up in our blanket to koop ourselves alive, . Aro now suffering from starvation and wouriaess. Thought that Ventvogel would have died during the night. 23rJ. — Struggled forward onco more as soon as the sun. was well up, and had thawed our limbs a littlo. We are now in ,\ droadful plight, and I fear that unless wo got food this will be our last day's journoy. But little brandy left. Good, Sir Henry, aud ITrabopa bear up wonderfully, but Ventvogel is in. a very bad way. \ Like moat Hottentots, he cannot stand cold. Pangs of hunger not so bad, but have a sort o£ numb feeling about' the stomach. Ochors say tho samo. We aro now on a level with tho precipitous chain, or wall of lava, connecting the two breasts, and the view is glorious. ! Behind ub tho great glowing desert rolls away jto the horizon, and before us lies mile upon mito of smooth hard snow almost level, bat swelling gently' upwards, out of'tho centre of which the nipple of the mountain, which appears to be some miles in circura ferance, rises about four thousand feet into the sky. . Not. a living thing is to be seen. God help us, I fear our timo has come. ' ; And now I will drop my journal, partly because it is not vory interesting reading, and partly ?: because what follows requires perhaps rather more accurate telling. All that day (the 23rd May) wo struggled slowly on up the incline of snow, lying down from' time to timo to rest. A strang gaunt, crew we must havo looked, while laden ns we wero, we dragged our weary feet over tho dazzling plain, glaring round us with hungry eyes. Nob that thero was much use in glaring, for thore was nothing to eat. : We,; did not do moro than seven miles' thatday. Just before sunset we found ourselves right under tho nipple of Sheba's left brea3t, which towered up thousands of feet into the air the air- above . us, a vast, smooth hillock oE. frozen snow. Bad as we felt, wo could not but appreciate the wonderful scene made even moro wonderful by the flying rays of light from tho sotting suu, which hero and there stained the Bnow blood-red, and crowned the towering mass above us with a diadem of glory. ' I say,' gasped Good presently, we ought to be somewhere near tho cave the old gentleman wrote about.' ' Yes,' said I, { if there is a cave.' 'Come, Quatermain,' groaned Sir Henry, 'don't talk like that; I have every faith in tho Do-m ; remember the water ; we shall fin-l the place soon.' ' If wo don't find it before dark wo are dead men, that is all about it.' was my consolatory reply. For the next ton minuted we trudged on in silence, when suddenly Umbopa, who was marching along iieside me, wrapped up iu his blanket, and with a leather belt strapped so tight round his stomach to 'make his hunger small,' as he said, that his waist looked like a girl's, caught mo by the arm. ' Look !' he said, pointing towards the slope of tho nipple. I followed his glance, and perceived some two hundred yards from us what appeared to be a hole in tho snow. ' It is the cave,' said Umbapit. We made the best of our way to the spot, nnd found 'sure enough that the hole was tho mouth of a cavo, no doubt tho same as that of which old Silvostra wrote. Wo wore none too soon, for just as wo reached shelter the sun went down with startling rapidity, leaving the whole place nearly dark. In thc3e latitudes there is but little twilight. Wo crept into the cave, which did not appear to be very big, and huddling ourselves together for warmth, swallowed what remained of our brandy — barely a mouthful each —aud tried to forget our miseries in sleep. But this the cold was too intense to allow us to do. I am con vinced thai; at that great altitude the thermometer cannot havo been less than tnurtoen or fifteen degrees below freezing piint. What this meant to us, enervatnd as we wero by hardship, want of food, and the grcit heat of tho desert, the reader can imagine better than I can describe. Stifh'co it to say that it was something as near death from exposure as I have 3ver fult. There wo sat hour after hour through the bitter night, feeling the frost wander round and nip us now in tho finger, now in the foot, and now in the face. In vain did wo huddle up closer and closer ; there was no warmth in our misorerablc carcases. Sometimes ono of us would drop iuto an uneasy slumber for a few minutes, but we could not sleep long, and perhaps it was fortunate, for I doubt if we should ever have woke again. I bolievo it was only hy force of will that wo kept ourselves alive at all. Not very long before dawn I heard tha Hottentot Vontvogol, whose teeth had been chattering all night like castonets, give a deep sigh, and then his teeth stopped chattering. I did not think anything of if; at the time, concluding than he had gone to sloop. His back was resting against mine, and it sucmed to grow colder and colder, till at ]iis5 it was liko ico. At length the air bugau to grow grey with light, then swift golden arrows cm no flashing across the snow, and at last the glorious sun peeped up above tho lava wall and looked in upon our half frozen forms and upon Yentvogel, sitting there amongst us n/ono (had. No wonder his back had felt cold, poor fullow. . Ho had died when I heard him sigh, and was now frozen stiff. Shocked beyond measure we dragged ourselves forom the corpse (strange the horror we all havo p£ tho companionship of a dead body), and lcEt it still sitting thore, with its arms clasped round its knees. By this time tho sunlight was pouring its cold rays (for here they were cold) straight in at the mouth of the cave. And this was what I saw. Sitting at the end oE it, for it was not more than twenty feet long, was another form, of which tho head rested on the chest and tho long arms hung down. I started at tho sight'for it too was \\\ dead man, and what was more a white man. Tho others saw. it too, and tho sight provod too much for our slmttorod nerves. One and. all we scrambled out of the cavo as fast as our halE-frozen limbs would allow. ? (jf'o he Gonlinucd.) 