Old Cathiels's Money. A QUEENSLAND STORY. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER VIII. BY GEORGE GRIFFITES. Basil, on the island, was haunted by a sense of Desiree's loneliness, knowing that she must believe her husband dead, and fearing lest in her despair she might do some desperate deed— even marry again, not, as Basil thought, having had any deep affection for bar husband. The idea of such a catastrophe made him long to get away at aU risks; he thought of attempting & escape in the bo«t*WUoh''S«? bWUtfllr him fromihe blacks, but ««r," not willing to allow1 bis subject* too much liberty, had destroyed the HtOe craft. Then BasU tried to peifeutide Muljra to swim the short distance to the imbrfe, and carry a letter to the settlement; but she refused, saying her countrymen would find and kttl Mr. He would have made the attempt himself, but knew he had neither the strength nor die skill for the journey. Meanwhile he was gradually gaining son* influence over the lord of the island; that rough hardened specimen of humanity spent most of his time with Mm, giving aU the work into the hands of Rupert and Mulga, with whioh arrangement BasU did not seek to inter fere, knowing that Rupert had no sense of degradation in so working; indeed he seemed positively to enjoy himself and the exercise of his great strength; but hia mental condition did toot improve, and, despairing of help from him, Basil made an appeal to " Sir" to assist him to build a boat in order to carry ont hia wishes. ** You want to bring the police down upon me, you mean," said " Sir," jealously. "No; I want to help his wife to get her husband back. There is no knowing what may happen if she fancies herself a widow. She has no friends in theoolonies, and, being partly French, is still more helpless owing to her edu cation. She is his cousin, aud her mother arranged the marriage." " Half French P and his cousin P What was her name P" . "Desiree Lennox." " Yes, but her mother's P" " I forget, but I think I should know if I heard it; I wrote it in the marriage certifi cate." There was a pause; "Sir" seemed to be pondering something; he was accustomed to indulge in long fits of brooding, during which hia rugged features would assume a most malignant expression. Basil took no heed, knowing by experience that it was best to leave him alone. When he at last broke silence he said: " When I was young I knew something of the Catholic priests, and I believe they profess to keep sacred whatever is confided to them; is •thattrueP" • " Quite true; nothing would induce them to speak; they have refused to speak in court and have suffered imprisonment on that ac count." . "It is not the oase with English priests ?" he spoke half hopefully, half snfteringlT. Basil's heart beat fast; he felt that this curious man might be led to unfold his history, •and that with the knowledge of the past he might help him to better things in the future ; but he answered cautiously, knowing how easily his wayward listener was angered. "What is told to an English priest is as sacred as if told to a Roman Catholic" "Have you ever held important secretsf" " I have," replied Basil, thinking of DesireVs revelation of her love. " And been tempted to vm them?" "Heaven knows I have been tempted— sorely tempted—and have mercifully been strengthened to resist the temptation." "It seems to have been pretty strong, and to be 'there still," remarked "Sir;" ''what might it have been P" for BasU was white and struggling with emotion at the remembrance of the scene in the church. " That you have no right to ask; but it was harder to resist than anything you. could put before me, or any temptation to bo offered by man." " Well, I believo you, and on condition that you keep my story similar I'll spin you a yarn." "1 promise faithfully." " Was that name anything like Bidant P" " That was it—Hortense Bidant. How did you know P" " Yes. blast him ! that was his name sure enough, and a pretty little girl she was before she married him, but they foroed her into it, for he was rich and had some hold over the old man. He always hated me because I took her part, and he turned the old man against me." JJaoil was mystified. " What old manP" he asked, trying to gain a clue. " Why, old Rupert, as they o<illed him to distinguish him from young Rupert, my brother-a dry old stick like himself.' 1 "Your brother?" " Yes; don't interrupt. I'm Philip the ne'er-do-weel, captain of his Majesty's Toot guards, and convict of his Majesty's black guards, at yonr service. And to think of a parson hobnobbing with me, and the respect able Rupert's son my servant. Ho, ho! No wonder I've been enjoying myself lately! How do you feel now, Mr. Parson P What about contamination to your cloth P" " A clergyman's mission is to assist those who have fallen, not to keep them down," re plied Basil gently. " Humph! Well, you've plenty of room to assist here, but ain't you surprised P" "That you are a relation of Mr. Oathiel»P Yes; I never heard of you.*' " No, I don't suppose you did; they didn't J tell everybody they had a convict in the family. But it's this French girl I'm interested in. Has she any money?" 1 " I heard from her mother that some was due to her from her grandfather and to her husband also. There was a sum left to ao- I cumulate until the present Rupert should be thirty years of age, due about now I should think. Then was another daughter, too, who *• Poor Mary, I suppose; she fell in love with one of the governor's decks, would marry him, and was cast off. That was before things went wrong with roo-»-name was Blair, now I re* ; member. How things oomo back! Why, that's your name P Are you his son ?" "No, my father was teacher in a country sohool, and my mother d{ed when I was born/ "Yos-and his father P" ; "I never knew him; ho was a small trades man. My father educated me ,as well as he oould; then I was fortunate enough to obtain a sizarsbip at Cambridge and came out here; I never heard I was related to the Cathiels." " I suppose not; there must he plenty of Blairs going about; but you have a look of Mary about you—soft brown eyes they were, yet they could flash like yours when she was pat out. And »the other one, Katie's grand ohUd, married Rupert's so.?" " Graadaon—yes, they were second oouains." "2tow I'll tell you what I'll do if you like. I'll build you a boat, and mind I'm not fond of work, but, Bob shall help, and then you go back and marry the widow, You'U have all the money, and then I ©an trust you not to round on me; you'll not want Bob found." BasU sprang to his feet. "Man—devil, rather—do you know what you sayP who are you to tempt me thus P" he exclaimed; forced oat of his habitual self-control- Philip Cathiels laughed. " Then that's the temptation—l guessed it. Why, man, we shall all be pleased; you'll take his money and his wife, and I shall make him work. How old Rupert's ghost would swear if he oould see?" And the old reprobate chuckled over his wickedness. "How dare you make suoh a proposal to me ? Could I marry a woman knowing her husband to be alive, and live happily in sin ?" •« I oould, if I liked the girl, and enjoy it all the more, knowing11 had done the other fellow; but please yourself, only a husband out of his wits isn't much account. I suppose now she'll prove she's his widow, get the money, and marry somebody else." ProVe the marriage! Basil suddenly re membered that he had neglected to enter the record of the ceremony in the church-books; then like a flash camo tho recollection of the wreck of the Landrail and loss of the mails, with the consequent loss of the certificate sent to Brisbane. Still Desirdo must have the one he gave her, and though Mrs. Lennox was dead there still remained Philip Mort, the other wit ness. He longed to help her, for he did not trust Philip, and felt in a vague way that she was in trouble. Something of the nneasinoss he felt must have shown itself in his face, for the old man, watching, said: "There's something on your mind, mate*, out with it." "Suppose she can't prove the marriage ?" And he told all he knew of the circumstances. " Lord, what a fool I've been ! You say «ne will want that certificate and won't get the money without." " I'm afraid not, unless by some legal pro cess." «• In whioh the lawyers will get all. I know their ways; it was them that got me into troublo, and I, thinking to flpito them, let him"—and he jerked his head in the direction of the bill—" have the papers along with him, and I mind now there was a marriage certificate of Rupert Cathiels among them ; tho rost wan lawyer-looking writing, which I didn't read." "He took them with him. Of whom do you speak?" " Him that oame with Bob." "Well, the papers will bo safe then; he will give them back." " Safe enough! I'll warrant they're safe enough," laughed Philip Oathiela in his peculiar manner which always made Basil shudder to hear, "Safe enough; they'll never comeback." "Why not? Where have they gone? Speak out. Can't you tell me who has them?" exclaimed Basil, goaded to despera tion. " The devil's got them, and him, too, and he'll stick to the lot as tight as the lawyers." "Then, Desirco, poor innocent child, Heaven help you! for I have no faith in Philip MorV' groaned Basil. "Philip Mort!" exclaimed Rupert, who had been standing near for the last few moments, "Philip Mort—a bad man—he tried to kill me in the boat, and then stole my papers; I remember now. But listen, and he came closer to Rupert; he went to his master, the devil. I saw, I know the way, and I'll show you; come." "What are you whispering about, BobP" shouted the.old man. "Go back to your work, do you hear P or am I to make you P" The momentary flash of memory darkened by the hard words, Rupert shrank back and went into the hut. " Why did you speak like that P He would have remembered more," said Basil angrily. : " Maybe, but maybe I don't want him re membering." " Then that other man you spoke of was Philip Mort; tell me what beoatne of him; tell me now, and your confidence is' sacred; leave me to find out, and I swear I will escape and set the polioe on your track." " Escape f Are you a birdP Are you a fishP Can you fly P Can you swim f" " God will help the innooent; that trusting girl will not be left to suffer. "Then let him help, and see how long you'll have to wait," sneered the hardened wretch. " Not an hour. See there, man!'' exclaimed Basil, pointing out to sea. "What is it? I see nothing," replied Philip Cathiels, half daunted by Basil's manner. " A steamer. Watch; she is far off as yet." Far on tbe horizon was' a line of smoke, of whioh Basil know the meaning, though his companion,- less used to the sight of modern vessels, did not so readily detect it, and when it was pointed out to him refused •to believe it to he anything more -than a cloud of unusual shape. Still be gafeed uneasily at the pheno menon, and rapidly a small steamer hove in ▼*•*• -1 . •'Confess now," said Basil. "You have the chance as yet." " And put a rope found my neck." "Silence will put a rope round your neck. See, she is coming closer; she it bearing down upon us." : Gradually her lines became distinct, she was close to the entrance to the bay; it would take but a quarter of an hour to reach them. Basil's heart beat high with the hopo of escape; ho went into the hut for the gun to signal. . Philip grew uneasy at the sight of the approaching ship, called up, as it seemed to his superstition, by that interfering young Jiarson, who, if he had his way, would in* alliMy search the island, aided by Rupert. True he might kill him, but, strange as it may sound, he had an affection for the fearless young priest. He hesitated. As he still waited, Basil cams forth qua in hand. The steamer oame nearer; it was a ehoioeof evils. "I confer," he cried, " I killed the man who ea-ae with Bob; ho tried to boas me; we had a few words, and I knocked him down. Amoret helped me take him to the Devil's Pit, • and we chucked him m." " And the papers P" asked Basil breathlessly. I "A pocket-book fell from hie pocket as we were taking hjm along, and I sent it after , ,him." — ■ Basil groaned; but after all it did not matter now; Jhe oould testify in Dasiree's favour if necessary, and- take Rupert back to her. He looked for the steamer, but to his dismay she was further off than before, standing, out to sea again; he fired in the vain hops of at ; traoting attention, but the time had gone by; she srave no sign, and speedily became a more ! speck and vaiuahed. Hopeless onoe more, yet. unwilling to let the • matter rest, Basil insisted upon being shown ' the pit whioh had become the grave of Philip : Mort. Philip the elder at first demurred, but upon Basil threatening to est Mulga to search i he yielded and led the way to the highest part of the island. The scrub, unoheoked, here grew thickly, and in places they had to out away the vines whioh impeded the way, and at length emerged upon a bare patch of country, the apex of the hill, too sterile for vegetation. On the western side of the point, there was a plateau of about 200 yards square gradually sloping down towards a pit beneath the hill, whioh here rose straight like a wall. Treading carefully they went towards the pit or shaft like opening; kneeling, steadying himself against a rook, Basil tried to gauge the depth, but all was blaok, and for a while silent; then there came a roaring .sound, and Philip Cathiels, superstitious if not reverent, exclaiming, " It's the devils seizing him!" took to his heels, leaving Basil alone. He indeed was startled, but with a better oonsoienoe and sounder educa- : j tion attributed tho noise to tho wind rushing and roaring in the unseen depths. Rejoining Philip Cathiels he said to him, "I must go down and bring baok thoßO papers." [TO BB OOBTIKUaD.] Capital punishment haa been abolished in Italy, the resolution passed by the Lower; House to effect tbat change in the criminal code < having been accepted by the Senate. Becoaria and his school havo thus at length triumphed. The result of this important step will be watched with interest. The death penalty was years ago abolished in Switzerland, but tho ex perience gained from the, exporimont wiw apparently not what was anticipated, by the philanthropists, for recently capital, punishment was re-enacted with general approbation. It1 is Bui-prising that Italy should be the next country to try the experiment. If in any land the supreme penalty Bhould be retained, one would think it Bhould Burely be in that land in, whioh the murder rate stands .highest. This unenviable distinction is still enjoyed by Italy., Those who know the country best. parfiouUrly the South, will mnvel at this latest feat of Italian legislators, 