A Missing Manager. Tho minstrel troupo now playing at tho Gaiety Theatre, llrisbauo (says the Tele graph), have lately had an oxporionco not, unfortunately, rnro amongst that branch of tho profession. It appears that some weeks fiani n iiiflii Vnnwn nci l-Tnvt»v Tfftllv Aiirrnniul the members of tho company down in Sydney, on written engagements, for a 3-months Boason in Brisbano and other Quconslnud towns. The' salaries olforcd wevo not exceptionally largo, Kelly stating that as he was not possesBod of a largo bank account, lie did not liko to promise salaries which were beyond what the show might be expected to guarantee. This satisfied the engagers ns to the boua fides of Kelly, and thoy accepted tlio engagement for tho three mouths' tour \- on small weekly salaries, travelling and board expenses. Tho company arrived in Brisbane, and in duo course opened, plnyed to a good house tho first night and fair houses subse quently. All apparently wont well until yesterday, when, in professional parlance, tho ghost walked. Tlio company turned up iu forco at 11 a.m. to meet the ghost an.l draw their salaries, hut no ghost nppcared. Tlioy remained at their post from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., but still no ghost appeared, and consequently no salaries woro paid. Suspicions woro thou aroused, and anxious inquiries resulted in tho discovery that Mr. Kelly had left suddonly, presumably for Sydney, without making any arrangoinonts, so far as is known, 1 for tho -payment of tho woelc's salaries. Needless to i.tnto, tho company woro bouiq- what Irate at. this violation of contract, more especially as tho various individuals were saddled with their own board accounts, in addition to the loss of tho salaries. A council of war was hold, and tho situation, considered. After somo doliboration it was decided that, at all events, tho debts for board choitld be settled, and with this end in view, two members of tho company, Messrs. J. R. Wadloy and G. Gardner, wore | appointed managors on bohalf of tho com pany, to run tho show on co-opornlivo principles for a ohoi'b Season-. Tile lessees of tho theatre, on being appealed to, generously enmo forward to. moot tlio mem bers iu their plucky effort to oleni' thorn- sfilviia. nf flohf. ' n.nd mniln nn n vrnnrrniiioiifc by which tho entertainment will bocon- tihuoch Tho company h'opo that by those means thoy will bo able to p»y off tho legacy of debt loft them by their vntiishod proprietor, aud leavo the town, at tho cud of tho season; nt nil ovonts, with a elenn sheet. Personal remuneration thoy do not caro so much for, if they can only sucoocd in paying all bills. Tho absence of Mr. IColly doos not nffcot in any Wily tho performing strougth of tho company, aud it is to bo'lioped that the 'honorable spirit shown by the momhors will' bo appreciated by tho public horo, and that during tho romnindor of I their season good houses will ns'sist thorn out of the holo thy have boon thrown into, and holp to put them on thoir legs again. Tho antecedents of Mr, Harry Kelly aro not very acocssiblo, his movements- boforo tho on- gngomont of the company boing n blank lujstiur uu tut; luuiuutus, uuu umo iiuiiu episodo should liavo its iniluonco ovor tho futuro enroor of that enterprising ministi'ol entrepreneur. 