Kimberley Notes. Dear Figabo,—Since my last, things have altered a good deal here. A find of gold near Roeburn is drawing men from here every day. So that our population will soon be very scanty. So far the. news from Roeburn has been very scanty and con tradictory, but th<» alluviil being very poor here the men did not require much inducement to make them leave. If the find is as good as reported, I think there will be but few men left on Kimberley in three or four months. The wet season coming on is keeping a good many here. Messrs. La Mont's & Durack's machinery is now on the road from Wyndham here, and teamsters are making all headway they can before the heavy rains set in. La Mont's machine, I hear, is a first-class 10-head battery, with mills and all gold-Baving appliances, a;nd is to be placed on the Ruby Queen P.C., which is undoubtedly a very good reef, so that next year we may. hop? to have some good* crush mgs, which are needed badly, as everything at present is at a very low ebb. - So far it is undecided where Durack's machine is to be erected, but there is some talk d its being placed on Bradley's Tinned Claim, Brockman. The Golden Crown, Brockman, is still crushing at Messrs. Niaholaa & Brock man's battery. Un fortunately this is :only a five-head battery, and no gold- saving appliances, such as mills, &c;„ still the stone yields two (2) ounces to the ton. Considering the extremely fine nature of the gold, it is a very satisfactory result. Mr. Nicholas has gone to Melbourne to send up a 10-head battery, with mills, which has to be on the claim by next July. Jackson's Beef Company have sent up a new manager (a Mr. McCockrill). They seem hard to please, considering they have had a fresh man every two or three months since the claim was floated. Mr. McCockrill seems undecided as yet whether to prospect the J. R. Co.'s ground for a reef or to make terms for some other reef on the field. It seems a great pity to pee a good machine like that in a new field lying idle. There ha9 bean a deal of excitement lately over the arrestof four men—Wm.Hill, H. Lewis, Wm, Howard ani Graham, a trooper, who with the above men, last April, dispersed some blacks near Wyndham for spearing horses. Graham was sent out by Sergeant Payne (at that time) to disperse the natives and finding that they were so numerous that he could not do any good by himself he asked these m<>n to go out with him. The matter rested quietly enough till Sergeant Troy came to Wyndham when he seems to have taken particular trouble t«j rake up the whole affair, and considering the stringency of the law here, I'm afraid these unfortunate men who have been arrested will get into serious trouble. As yet their trial has not taken place m Wyndham; the result is anxiously looked forward to by every one here. Now that the blacks are becoming so bad it is really a serious matter whether a white man is allowedto protect his life, and as for horses and other property there is no redress whatever. The telegraph line from Derby is well on the way to the field and some of the material is laid within 90 miles of here. The Wyndham line is also pro gressing, so that next year we shall have direct communication with the , outer world. The present srate of things is simply deplorable; a week: or two ago I received a letter from Queensland which had taken five months and two weeks to come, here, and letters from South generally take from three to six months. As for newspapers, two-thirds of them never reach here. The postal authorities must be rehearsing " Rip Van Winklethe play suits them well. So far we have had but little rain, and grass is scanty along the roads., but next month the heavy rains set in so we have not long to wait. Nov. 26, 1883. The Lunatic,] is likely to be around with a shaved head shortly. The Bard has let off another brain witherer, and the result was very severe on the weak- intellected member of my staff. This was it:— | " Why is aJ.balloonist like a ghost ? Because one's aa aeronaut and t'other's an airy naught!" 