VANISHED EMINENCES. (Daily News.) "Let us sit upon the ground and tell sad stories of the deaths of kings" says one of Shakespeare's characters. The invitation is ap-propriate to the day, though not so appropriate as in the time of Richard III. Though monarchs have suffered violent deaths since then, it has not been the rule that they should be deposed or "slain in war," or "haunted by the ghosts they have deposed," or "poisoned by their wives, some sleeping killed, all murdered." As for Royal suicide, it has in recent times become compara-tively rare. A savage monarch when we ????ned at Mag???? blew out his brains in the agony of his misfortune. In this respect King Theodore ?????iously displayed the spirit of Frederick the Great, who carried about with him in the Seven Years' War a pill which would, if necessary, justify his ????? that he would never be taken alive. His luck, however, was better than that of the ill-fated King of Abysinnia. Nearly two years ago the King of Bavaria voluntarily sought ????ion in the Lake of Star??berg. Of his ????ity there was even less doubt than there has been of that of other ?????? who have trifled with lives that were not their own. Prince Rudolph's dath by his own hand is as mysterious as it is ??????ily sudden. It has been observes by B????? and others that mili-tary men commit suicide oftener than other classes. Certainly there has been so little suicide among Contiental officers lately. That is the cold lawa of averages, a Royal victim should be counted in would probably not have surprised the author of the "History of Civili- sation." The sensation of shock that has ??????-ably been caused by the Archduke's death is of course due in great degree to the ?????? position he filled. His was ??????ily a con-spicuous figure, since, apart from any indi- viduality of its own, it was that of the app-parent heir to the Austrian throne. When such men so suddenly disappear, it is as if the familiar features of some landscape had been obliterated by volcanic a?????y. They are vanished eminances. Our awe at their p???????? disappearance is partly due to that, and partly to our helpless speculations as t0 what may be the consequences, or as to what other alternations in the earth's surface will sur-prise us next. We have had many such surprises lately. Although the Emperor Frederick's death from cancer so soon after his father died was in the end quite anticipated, the first reve-lation of the prospect of that death was dis-tinctly one of those surprises. More akin to the event at M?y?ing was the Prince Imperial's death, not in the nature of its violence, of course, but in the facts that he did not die by violence, and that the news came upon everybody with appalling saddness, and that in him were ???tred the hopes of a dynasty. That event again recalls the death by a fall two from his carriage, of Louis? Phillipe's son, the Duke of Orleans, in 1??2. Though unlike princes, the Duke of Albany was neither heir nor p??????der, his death also produced by its suddeness the same peculiar sensation or ishock, intensified in this country by the near- ness of his relationship to our Queen, and by the respect and confidence he had in- Hardly less sudden this in all those cases was the ???? caused by the death of the Prince Consort. It may therefore be men-tioned among the painful surprise which in our times death has sprung upon us. The Princess Alice's death ranks with all of those in tragic interest, and above most of them in pathod? Napoleon the Third's disappearance from the map of Europe pe?????? occurred at Spain. That surrender took away the breath perhaps more than any event which can be recalled in modern r???????ce. His death, as has been somewhere said, was after this ??? an anti-climax. The end fate in Mexico of Prince Rudolph's uncle, the Emperor Maximilian, is ???ed in assoiation with the unfortunate Napoleanic ????. Of modern a?????????????s more equal in daring and horror, or in its paralysing effect upon the civilised world, the murder of the Czar, Alexander II. If the sudden vanishing of eminences, due to rank be impressive, as well proved by the public reception of the evens in our times above recalled, it is certainly no less startling when men eminent by their own merits are removed at a blow. The names of two Presidents of the United States who have succumbed to the violence of the ??????s within the memory of the present generation will at once leap to the reader's mind, as well as that of our own Indian Viceroy Lord Mayor?, and of that brave English general the hero of Lack???, who, though he did not die by the ??????'s hand, was almost as suddenly lost to his country. Sir Robert P???'s death was like those to which we have referred in the sense of sudden void which it created ; and in the country at least the fate some of the conspicuous figures suddenly re-moved in recent times. Others will ????? to the memory of individual ??????. If we include among our vanished eminences all who have had the eyes of the world turned for the moment upon them, the name of Lord Frederick Cavendish will not be forgotten. His violent end made the public hold their breath as much as say of the sad events have ????ded. Yet can it ever be forgotten in the lives of the p??????? generation how the world in thrilling suspense awaited the ???? of that wonderful Nile expedition, which came within touch of Khartoum? only to hear of the noble death of the galland hero, G?????. Just to Let the People ???. 'So all marrige is a failure,' says the old maid with a smile. 'Im glad ????? begin to see it, for I've known it a long while. How I wish I could get married just to let the people ??? How supremely great the f??????? marriage always ????? to be!' 