THE TREATMENT OF POLITICAL PEISONEES. MR. CONYBEARE AND HIS LETTERS TO THE TRESS. Mr. Conybeare, M.P. (says United Ireland, Sept. 21), seems to be giving the brave Mr. Bal four as much annoyance as Banquo's ghost gave Macbeth, and disturbs him in his favourite pas time on the golf-links in Scotland, where he shows as much dexterity in putting the balls into their holes as he does in nuttinfr nolitiiial ormn nents info prisons in Ireland. The brave Mr. Balfour has adopted every de vice in his pov/cj', do far without effect, to shut up Mr. Conyben.ro hi every sense of tbe words. On the mere suspicion that he had band, act, or part in the transmission of the prison correspon dence to the Press, and because he refused to degrade himself to the level of a spy and an in former at the dictation of the notorious Inspector Joyce, the Catholic chaplain is dismissed, and the Catholic prisoners in Berry Gaol are deprived of I the ministration or their religion. The next day a letter in the LoniQii Star from Mr. ConyJaeaEe proves the futility of: the disgraceful proceeding, and the public learns that Mr. Conybeare is still suffering from the loathsome disease of which the brave Mr. Balfour a fortnight ago jauntily de clared him cured, aud that during his interviews with his relatives, including the Eight Hon. Mr. Stansfeld, he is insolently interrupted and in sulted by a warder. We can gather from the correspondent o' the Dublin Daily Express that the brave Mr. Bal four has afc last hit on an expedient which he hopes will be an effective preventive against future exposure, and the same time an ingenious torture for his indomitable captive— ' It transpiien,' writes the Daily Exiviesb, ' that aa far back as Thursday last Mr. Cony beare was deprived for the remainder of .his teim of the privilege of writing letters and having writing mate-rials in the cell. This step wa* taken by the ps'ison authorities in consequence of tbe repeated appearance in the Star and Plymouth' Mercury of letters from Mr. Cony beare, which were surreptitiously got; out, and la which boast was made that he cotild defeat the vigilance oE Mr. Baifour's locks, spies, minions, &c.;' To-day Warder Barry, who on Saturday was given a fortnight's notice, was peremptorily dismissed. This warder some time ago was fined for speaking to Mr. Conybeare. It is a glorious revenge truly, robbing the un fortunate warder of his means of livelihood for tbe crime of speaking to the imprisoned member of Parliament, whose crime (to trace the crimi nality to its source) was to give a loaf of bread to a Btarving woman at Falcarragh. But; the sim plest expedient of all would be to clap Mr. Cony beare into irons and feed him through the grat ing during tho residue of his term. 