AT uncertain intervals we are informed that the fiscal question is once more for ward for consideration in England, but upon investigation it turns out that the statement has little more basis than a chanceexpression from some stiffly-starched Conservative like ".Jemmy" Lowther, or an ambiguous leading' article in the airistocratic Morning Post. When there fore the sugar bounties question, lanned by afew iiterested parties, became so urgentas to request a conference all to itself, it was exultingly.predicted that the beginning of the end had arrived. Gay hopes and ir ridescent expectations have, however, been rudely dashed,. for the force of public opinion has been so unmistakably dis played in favour of maintaining the free dom of commerce unimpaired, that the Sqlisbury Government have dropped the matter, ostensibly for a session only, but really sine die. Foreign Governments are not to be interfered with in their generous practices towards the British consumer, and the estimated J-9,ooo,ooo per annum which England enjoys out of the foreigner is. not to be refused at the beck of a mere handful of sugar refiners. Even the most lissome of mental acro bats, who for a paltry consideration will turn themselves upside down and inside out, will find it very difficult to reconcile the fact of England's determination to suffer no tampering with freetrade with: their own reiterated professional cackle that she is preparing for a reversion 'to that " grand national policy" which once made her labouring population the prac tical 'serfs of a landlord-cum-capitalistic oligarchy. A brief statement of the con ditions of the case will serve to make clear all that it is essential to know of the' much discussed sugar bounty trouble, and it will also serve to place in contrast, and under a strong light,: the opposing policies. Some twelve or fifteen years ago sugar, which prior to that date had carried a customs duty, was placed upon thefree list, as a step towardsthe oft-avowed intntion of giving the British consumer a breakfast table free of all taxes whatever. As in variably happens when a duty on any widely-used commodity is removed, the consumption of sugar increased by leaps and bounds. At present the Board of Trade returns indicate an average annual consumption per head of the total popu lation of 42 lbs., or a grand total of nearly a6oo,ooo,ooo lbs. On the continent of Europe, especially in France and Ger many, the production of sugar from beet root under what the prose-poet journalist, with a redundancy of sesquipedalian adjectives, would call "the beneficent and fostering influences of a judicious tariff" increased to an enormous extent, until by and bye, when the local markets were suppliedand the manufacturers sad tolook abroad for additional customers, the pro fitableness of the enterprise vanished like the ghost of Hamlet's father at cock crow. Then commesnced the badgering of the respective governments by the producers after the manner made familiar to us by the umbrellajmakers and breeches patchers and sign-board painters of Victoria. Bountiesonexportedsugarweredemanded so that the protected manufacturer and refiner with that crutch could meet the free refiner of Britain on more than even terms. The request was granted. The duty on sugar intended for home consumption was retained, but on sugar prepared for the use of Britishers and other foreign fellows the duty was re mitted, thus exemplifying the principles laid down by St. Paul-" If thine enemy hunger (even for foreign-refined sugar), feed hiin; if he thirst, give him drink; for in so doing thou shalt heap coals ol fire on his head," and, which is a more modern and intensely practical considera tion, put money galore into his pockets. So conscientiously was - this scriptural injunction fulfilled that French mmanuo facturers sutipplied the sturdy louts of pe/fde Albion with tons of sparkling crystals at 2a d perlb.,whereas the French peasant, the beloved object of fiscal solicitude, the individual for whose benefit primarily tariffs and bounties and custom house detectives and dockyard gensd'armes were created, could not get a sohlitary pound at less than 4ad and 5d. It was impossible for such interferences with natural economic conditions to be madewithout marked effect upon British enterprise in all the varied industries into which sugar enters either as a finished product or araw material. Sugar refining, which has always been an unsatisfactory industry, subject to depression arid disastrous fluctuations and employing at most from two thousand to four thousand persons, declined greatly. Of late years the roll has not exceeded the former number. To reinstate an exotic industry and provide for the employment of at the utmost four thousand operatives the Sal'sbury Government, purporting to speak on behalf of the country, intimated their intention of abandoning the use of sugars artificially cheapened by bounr.ties. Had they been permitted to carry out. their expressed intention, no doubt sugar refineries would have benefited greatly. This is the protectionist side of the question, and they flatly refuse to admit it can possibly have any other. But it happens to resemble a polyhedron, in this respect, that it has many sides. This pouring-in of bounty-reduced sugar led to a phenomenal activity in all those industries which have sugar for their raw material. The jam manufacturers were enabled to do what they never could before-bring the first qualities of pre served fruits within the reach of the poorest. 'They accepted with thanks the sacrifices made on their behalf by the Dutch and French and German and Italian Governments, took the sugar cheapened at the expense of the people represented by these philanthropic admi nistrations,doubled and trebled their plant and gave quadrupled orders to -the tin smiths for tins, sent out agents to the four winds, and in the course of a very few years had their products on the shelves of every respectable storekeeper throughout the civilised world. Subsidiary industries sprang up on all sides, until it is estimated that to-day half a million people are- de pendent upon them. To suddenly refuse cheap sugar in order firstly to put- a ricketty undertaking on its feet, and secondly to forego an-annual solatium of £g,ooo,ooo in order that the bounty giving Governments of Europe may extri cate themselves; out of. a very unpleasant hole of their own digging,would be to dis place most of these half a million and dis organise industry for many a year to come. That is the, freetrade side and also the common sense side, and it is well within the capacity of even the typical fool whose folly Solomon averred could not be beaten out though he were pounded in a mortar to decide which is the wiser decision to come to; Poor, decrepit England, the butt of every overgrown schoolboy's pus gent sarcasm, the: -",wful example" . of every- didadtic'iproser the ired-rag that arouses the rage of every wild bull of re striction-this epitome of infatuated folly is yet, - curiously enough, the world's acknowledged mistress in commerce and the haven to which every impecunious borrower steers-poor,.clecrepit England has yet enough intelligence in her hour of dotage to recognise -that-theinterests of half-a- million who-are engaged in the jam and confectionery and kindred industries, to say. nothing of 'the. interests of thirty-seven million consumers, outweigh the interests of:a score refineries with an insignificant complement of a.thousand or two workmen; Piose-poetr, with his indig nation all aglow with lurid phosphores cence, may shriek in vain? his adjectives may scamper over each: other and get themselves into all sorts of unlikely and incongrubus places, he may arraign, with the inflated diction of a.school-boy's first essay, the wisdom of Cobden, the states manship of G'adstone, the endorsement of Herbert:Spencer, and the wholesale mad-' ness of Britain's teeming millions; but when his purchased ire, costing his. em ployers so mniuch for each exhibition, has subsided into smoke: and stink, Englaid is seen to be calmly proceeding onr hde way, her leading industries.;on a .firm basis paralleled in no other country -on earth; her capacity, born of:free hands and untrammele'd brain, to seize upon every advantage ,springing- oit .of the economic blunders of her competitors.un rivalled anywhere;an'rid her population of over 04oo' to every square mile, in spite of iniquitous land laws and the abominable royalty system which hampers their free expansion, living like men compared with-the life of the brute to which their "protected" iellorwvs in Europe are help lesslychained. How keenly England re cognises and appreciates the superiority of her policy is seen directly any insidious attemipt .is made to tamper with it. A. duty .on refined sugar would simply play into the hands of \West Indian plariters and a little coterie of British capitalisits; a refusal to take bounty-fed sugar would cripple ten times more capi tal than it would benefit; a refusal to take inbounty:fed Argentine beef would put new vigour into an emasculated land lordism; to revert to a duty on wheat would bring pastures .into cultivation at the expense of the toiling mass, and for the particular glory and enrichment of a handful of men, most of whom spend half their time in London dissipations and the other half in more pronounced dissipations abroad; and so the diatribes of wrathful lemmy Lowthers are vented without effect, and the iron wedge, the thin edge of which was cunningly concealed in the proposal to refuse admission to sugars on which there is a remission of duty plus an actual bounty, is as far, or further, than ever from the accomplishment of its pur pose. In vain the net is spread in the sight of the knowing bird. It is only here, where sparseness of population con ducas to sluggish ideas, that the exceed ingly sagacious bird watches with much curiosity the fixing of the noose and the profuse sowing of chaff, and then to the decoy cry of a "grand national policy" for the twisting of its own precious neck, stupidly puts its head just where the fowler profoundly trusted it would do. The cock that can crow under such cir cumstances has perhaps much of the ele ment of the desperado in his composition, but he does not strike one as being ex celtionally gifted with even the more or dinary endowments of thie genus fowl. 