: NEW DISTRICT RAILWAYS.-": It ie now high time that those wanting railway communication in this district: should bestir themselves to obtain 'it. In such; ease the rule is that the Minister helps those who help themselves.- -Jt was eoi with the Yackandandah line, which we hope to see in course of con-; stracticu ' within three months. .It ; ... ... i . f; would have been so with the Upper. King line ;bht for the blind and self-willed aclion taken by a few obstructionists. And it 'must be remembered that one ( mischief- maker can do more to spoil a | a good cause than a hundred reasonable | men cap do to advance it. The pro- inqtera of the Beechworth Junction; Bon- i therambo and Boorhaman line seem to have taken this warning to heart, as : from the very first the league -has acted on : straight and moderate lines— meeting all ' outside opposition in a fair and Argumen tative spirit, and in smoothing oyer their own small internal differences without ex aggerating them , into impassable moun tains. Accordingly, it is almost certain this magnificent linAwill appear. in the next bill. . We hope the same result- awaits the Upper King line, although we confess we have always been astonished with the comparative' supiheness'of Wangarafia'in a'lxaUer almost of life and death to .them, For if "the Benalla people had succeeded in their .strenuous' : efforts to have the' line' diweefed in. their direction, at IeaRt bn.e-half .tilie .!rade,of Wangaratla would be destroyed: at a; single blow. . Even now a more active vigilance is necessary to p rev e trfc. ;B ?'na 1 1 a stealing a' march on the older, to wnship. We .must remember : : i that tk-a pcilitical relationship of n»« , 'district askbeihg.' completely altered,' and f nd one can, 'yet even . guess at the pro- faable commercial and social consequences : sf the change. Jo this particular part ! '91 the district 'Beech'wdrth and Sfctnley vejnire railway ..communioation, but hax> again all Pariiamentary cohne'etion has been severed, and we know tiot the issue/7 We icnly. kuow that the solid political ihflus'nce they onc6 possessed'-' is: a thing of 'the past, it.,)d: ''mayin-;thG -course of events — HeavienfohlifjjbcdHie antagonistic. We hear little or "nothiqg latelv about the prop osd, jexteneion iSrom Yackan dandah ti' Uedoraog/and' yet this is a moat impc\i;to.uti. Koq. and ehpnld fio<| some place in the bill. Sorely the Ykckandandt -h men are equa£ to such an effort ? .But for the good of the wfcai'e colony, as well R„of the .district .generally, the;, One- upon , wbeh $11 ©ur -.hearts should fee set is ooe -opening up tbn "'gp.lendid Up.oer Mnrcay, with its enormoa'S undove pe3 rcAcea'afld its nnknotrrr recesses," WeJ eea that Mr Peter Weight fa«4' foFRtolated some scheme having tbje |a vicsr -j bot,- m usual, it is hemp«r©J by' SOfilg fif own personal fails heaillDgi it is amove in i"h« ttsbi- li/rectlfi®, e wlhat is good for one yart of th« district wast tend ts the >pR>speriiy of all. Our present iratatftioo is only to arouse those ; desirous of 'railway communication, t > a knowleflge "that their obtaining it rests; alto£eftherr witk'themselves. Already Mr: GnAJsg >and "the1 department ace busy in preparing lists of the most nsefnl lines, and v?e may be certain to find amongst these the most urgently pushed. There is'titill time. Let it not be lost. Beecieworth United Ssirr Deputa tion. — Wo have received the following; letter from Mr Ferguson, M L. A., dated the 2Srd instant :: — W<> had a deputation from the BeecbwT''tIi 'Council here to-day, re a railwav to fttnnlev, and flood -damages. It "consisted oV iltc "President and Coun cillor Crawfor5, mv colleague and my humble self ; also, Mr Butters, M.L/C. Mr Nimmo "told them to aend down a statement of "tbeir flood damassB, and bo would consider their case. They waited on the Minister of Railways in my absence, and he told them that he "hud agreed to Have a survey of railway to Stanley on -the 18th instant, at my insfigp- tion. When in Melbourne last week, Mr Morton sent me an invitation to attend a deputation on the "23rd re flood damages and the-survey of a railway from Beech- worth to "Stanley. Thinking that I could not attend here to-day, I waited on Mr Gillies, Minister of Railways, and requested him to accede "to onr request. He told me to make an application in writing, and he would endorse it, to have survey made as soon as possible. I did so, and he en dorsed it, and Bsnt it forward to the'Com- missioners. When I came home I notified Mr Morton of the occurrence. Mr Gillies also seat me a letter, which X forwarded to Mr Morton, stating that he had forwarded ray application for survey to the Com missioners, State Scholars. — It must be gratifying to the admirers of our State-school system to 'find that, almost without exception, those pupils who have secured scholarships and have elected to proceed with their advanced instruction in the grammar schools and colleges have secured superior places in these middle-clsaa establish ments, This distinction, we are pleased to observe, hsB also been maintained in the North-Eastern'" District. In looking over the report and honor list of the Beech worth Grammar School for last year, ! we notice that the three highest positions were won by State-school scholars — H. Lyons, formerly a pupil of the Beechworth State- school, being adjudged dux of the college ; C. A. Armstrong, formerly a pupil of the Bethanga State-school, dux of the matriculation class ; and O. H. Mul ler, a former pupil of the Beechworth State-school, dux of the public service class. Such success shows plainly that the groundwork of the education in our State-schools must be thoroughly sound, and reflects much credit both on the Hystem and the zeal of the instructors. It may be mentioned that for the past seven years the dux of the Scotch College, Melbourne, has been a pupil from the State-schools. The Sebastopoe Plateau Drainage Scheme.— The Secretary for Mines, Mr C. w, Tiangtree, and the geological sur- veyor, Mr R. A. F. Murray, have lately furnished a report :n the Government upon the drainage of th" Sebastopol plateau. A company had offered to perform the work .with a view of developing quarlz reefs below the plateau, and the Premier bad undertaken, under certain strict con ditions, to advance the sum of £30,000 towards this work. The company was t« be a 'large one, and its capital was fixed at £250,000. The report of Messrs Langtree and Murray being, however, wholly condemnatory of the proposal, the Govern ment decline to have anything further to do with the scheme, or to advance any money towards its accomplishment. Sale of Estate. — We are requested by the manager ef the Land Company of ; .Australasia to draw attention to the al teration iu the date of the sale of. th9 , Gleumoriston Estate, near Terang, which has.been fixed for Thursday, 31st inst. The Wbsleyan Conference. — The : annual conference of the Wesleyan Metho. diirt churches of . .' Victoria and Tasmania \- was in Melbourne on Tuesday, the retiring president - (the ,R.ev. Nathaniel Barnetl) occupying the chair. The Rev. J. W, Crjsp, of Wesley Church, was elected president for the ensuing year. The ro- 'tiring president delivered the usual ad dress, in which he reforred with pleasure to the growth of communion between the. various" Protestant churches. He con tended that the time was near when the -people,- would demand that the Word of God should be taught in Slate-schools. Condemned Habitations. — A case of a somewhat unusual nature came before the police court yesterday (states the " Warr- nambool Standaid" of the 23rd inst.), when a well-known local identity, named Thomas Toole, was proceded against under the 102nd section of the Public Health Amendment Statute, 1883. Inspector Heaver reported to the local board of health that" the building in Timor- street tenanted by T. Toole was unfit for human habitation. A, notice, as required by the Act, wa3 accordingly placed on the build ing, and also-served en. defendant on 4th October, who,- should have vacated the premises on 4th November, after which he was' liable te a penalty of 10a per day. Notwithstanding . this, be continued to occupy the building, in consequence of which a fine, of 10s per day from- the 1st to tho 15th January was imposed, making a penalty of £7: . 1 There was a similar cnBe against Ellen Edwards, but as the de fendant was a widow, it was agreed to adjourn it for a week, to give her time to leave the place. : Laughter in A, E, I, O, and U. — An ingenieus contributor to the Berlin Neue Musikzeitung" elaborates the theory that tbe character of a man is to be predicated from the special vowel which predominates in his laughter. For instance, persona in whose laughter the letter A (soend ah) is dominant are open, jovial, honest folk, who delight in noise and morrfmeut. . <c Laughter in E" is an indi cation of the phlegmatic and melancholic." Children almost invariably " laugh in I," and this is also observable iti persons of a naive, docile, modest, or undecided char acter. " Laughter in 0,M which the Writer regards as the most dignified of all the laughing tones, is the. mark of noble J>nd bold temper. The worst of.all the laughter is that in U, which is the characteristic of misanthropy. .. " A Snake in a Shak.— The following is from the " Guudaga'i Times"':— " At some what startling suako yarn has come to hand from Mr G. Mair, of Bangus. . His brother Alick, a youth of 17 years, was anxious to 'look at the bottom of the ehaft, sank by his brother for prospecting purposes, and went down a rope hand-over-hwid. At tbe bottom : he stepped on a piece of brown paper, and in doing so disturbefi a black snake. Young Alick made a hasty retreat up the rope, and before long the snake followed him, twiit.'»g its body round and round. As soon as the snake fsached the top of the shaft it was killed, and was found to measure 4ft 6in. A LccKtlEhcAPK. — About fi o'clock the othec evening, as passengers were alight ing from '6he train at High-street station, and proceeding to their homes by way «f Parallebroad, a mob of cattle (Ibe Malt- land "Mercury" remarks) came along towards High-street station, and as a con sequence the pedestrians had to clear the way, in order to avoid contact with the cattAe. Mr James Robinson, a resident of Abbot-street, who has been for years employed in the Railway Department, with others, endeavored to give the mob of cattle the benefit of a doubt which exl isted in his mind as to their intentions ; but in this he failed, for one of the ani mals charged him, and, finding escape im possible, Mr Robinson threw himself flat on the ground, with the result that, in- stead of being seriously gored, he escaped with a few scratches and the total des truction of his -coat. The escape from serious injury was nothing short of miracu lous. Accident to a Cxclist.— Mr J. A. Jenkins, of Benalla, met with a nasty accident in the Smokers' Half-mile Bicycle Handicap, at Wangaratta on Wednesday. At the time he was running very fast, and another rider named Gale, whose bicycle -seat slipped, caused him to run into the hind wheel of Mr Jenkins's machine, thereby bringing about a double accident. Both riders were severely bruised, Gale breaking bis wrist, while Jenkins had a very severe shaking, which has prevented him from attending to his duties. Ministers1 Stations. — The following are the sppoiutment3 of ministers' stations for the Ovens and Murray District, for 1889, made at the Wesleyan Conference sitting this week in Melbourne : — Beech worth, Rev. John A. Osborne; Wanga ratta, Rev. Samuel Harris ; Benalla, Rev. George Schofield ; Euroa, Rev. CharleB Aug win ; Wandiligong and Bright, Rev. Fredk. H. Williams; Wodonga, Rev. Edward Tonkin ; Numurkah, Rev. Joseph H. Hadley; Shepparton, Rev. Thomas Alday;; Nathalia, Rev. Wesley Johns; Corryong and Cudgewa, Rev. Alfred E. Wellard ; Yarrawonga, Yackandandah. Myrtlefordr . Mansfield and Tallangatta, home missionary. The list has, however, to be revised twice more before it can be considered final, although it is not likely much alteration will be effected. We notice thatin connection with the preaching appointments for to-morrow made by the ; Conference, the Rev. David S. Lowe will conduct services in the Wesleyan Church, Beechworth, morning and evening, and will also preach at Stanley in the afternoon. As Mr Lowe bears the character of an excellent preacher, there will, doubtless, be good congregations to hear the rev. gentleman. The pastor of the Beech worth church (the Rev. J. A. Osborne), preaches to-morrow at Kensington and Moonee Pond3, respectively, morning and evening. A Terrible Affair.— A cabman's wife was strangled at Prague recently by a fortune-teller, who afterwards robbed her victim. The latter offered a terrible resistance, and a long'struggle took place. It -appears that the murdered woman's little daughter— a child two years of age — witnessed the scene, which amused her BO much that Bhe kept on laughing all the time. A Peculiar Accident.— The " New castle Evening Call " chronicles the fol lowing peculiar accident: — While Mr Talbot, senior, was engagod in removing some pigs from the slaughter-yard at A flams town he met with a Bevere accident. Mr Talbot was driving a cart loaded with pigs, Mr H. Evans being with him. One of the pigs put his head under Mr Talbot on the front board and lifted him clean off. He fell to the ground, and the wheel "of tho cart rau over his shoulder and nearly tore one ear away. Suicide at Omeo. — An inquest was con cluded at Omeo on Thursday, before Mr T. Easton, J. P. , upon the body ©f Thomas Miller, a laborer, who died on Wednesday at Gobttugra, after having taken a dose of strychnine. The evidence went to show that deceased was suffering from the effects of drink, and after taking the strychnine he asked for a dose of salt and castor oil, which was given him, but be died soon afterwards. The deceased told the prin cipal witness that Dr Taylor, of Omeo, had informed him (the deceased) that strychnine would not hnrt him, and he took it for " Mick" Neville and Dr Tay lor's sake. Seven grains and a half of strychnine were found in the stomach. The verdict was that the deceased came to his death by strychnine administered by himself. He was an educated man, and reported to be the son of a medical man of good standing in Englaiid. Melbourne Wool Market.— The New Zealand Loan and Mercantile AgeiiGy Company Limited offered a catalogue of 1656 bales at their wool sale on Thursday, consisting principally of medium and in ferior niirculs, . Competition was good, and late rates were well maintained, es pecially for scoured. 1354 bales were sold at highly satisfactory prices. Greasy merino realised lOid ; do crossbred, l£d ; scoured, 17fd ; fierce, 14Jd. . Returned to Life. — Another curious " resurrection case " has enlivened the in habitants of Y'lisa, near Lyons. A few weeks ago a well-to-do inhabitant of the town fell into a trance and was officially certified as dead as a door-nail. Pre parations were made for the funeral, when, on the night before that mournful event was to take place, tbe supposed dead man sat lip in his coffin and called for a drink. The person who was watching beside the reputed corpse was alarmed aud ran away ; so the rather substantial ghost got out of his coffin, imbibed the contents of a bottle of wine which was on the table, divested himself of his grave- clothes, donned bis suit, and then woke up the members of his family. _ Next day, amid great revelry and rejoicing, the local Lazarus went to the mayor's office and reported himself alive and kicking. Yackandandah Shire Council. — The moutlily meeting of the above body on Thursday lapsed, through want of a quorum. There were present Councillors ftobiiison, Quirk, and Richardson, who a'tjourned the meeting till the 31-t inst. Identification of Human Remains.— The Tallangatta police have received a communication from Mr William Sparks, of Dark River, which, it is believed, wiil throw light upon the discovery of human remains at Cravensville last week. Mr Sparks states that a man named James Henderson, about 32 years of ago, was working , at his quartz battery aa engine- driver about August, 1884, and was dis charged for getting drunk, and giving way still further to drink he lapsed into delirium. He set out for Snowy Creek, but is believed to have taken the wrong road. Nothing has been heard of him since.- Mr S parks received several letters inquiring as .to Henderson's whereabouts from his wife and father. The former, with two children, was living ill Melbourne, arid the : latter w« mining at Smythe's Creek, near Balhwat. Mr Sparks has identified tho pair of boots found with the remains as those sold by him to Henderson slvsctiy before the latter left Dark River. The Melbourne and Baiiarat police axe to be communicated with. Discovert of a Large Nugget.— a compact solid nugget of gold weighing 99oz 2dwt was Bold ou Wednesday in Dunolly. It was obtained on Monday at Jones's Creek, five miles distant from Dunolly, by Messrs Pearee and M'Evny, who were puddling in that locality. The nugget was obtained in old workings, only about 6ft from the surface, ia a very small corner ef a wall, between two old olaims which had been left untouched previously, although the ground all about had been thoroughly worked. The find is fortunate, a3 the men had determined to go to other work after a few days' further trials. Messrs Fotheringham and party got a nugget weighing Gioz on Monday in their claim at the Murphy's Flat rush, Telephonic. — We are informed by Mr Sennett, manager of the Beechworth Telegraph Offico, that telephones of the newest kind have been substituted for the Wheatstone telegraphic apparatus hitherto in use on the line between Beechworth | and El Dorado. The distance embraced is about Bixteea miles, arxd tho voice ia distinctly heard at either end. The new arrangement giveB every satisfaction, and it may be mentioned that the telephone is gradually superseding tho Wheatstone Instruments formerly employed at offices where expert operators were not necessary. Public Offices at Tallangatta. — Mr Wright, M.L.A., hai made inquiries re the question of Government assistance towards erecting public offices in connec tion with the proposed Shire Hall at Tallangat'a. The Minister of Justice thought his department would be willing to contribute £300 towards this object ; but the other branches of the service interested would require to be consulted in the matter. The information- as soon as forthcoming would be conveyed to Mr Wright. Serious Accident. — A lad named Thos. Dawson, residing at Omeo, had his right thigh fractured and his left ankle broken in two places. In company with a number of others, ho was on horseback going to a funeral on Tuesday. His com panions forced him over against a tree which was lying on the track, and thus caused the injuries stated. iA Fatal Experiment. — A boy named H. Dougharty, aged 13 years, apprenticed under the State-school Relief department, hanged himself on Wednesday in a cow- I shed at Jansberoo, N.S, W. it is believed he had been reading the sensational ao- counts of the hanging of Louisa Collins and waB trying an experiment. An Unpleasant Visitor. — A specimen of the tiger species ef snake had his career cut short ou Sunday last at Mr T. Street's house, at Wodonga. The unwelcome visitor was seen every now and then for weeks past by some members of the family, but he always managed to get back to his hole before anybody could lay hands on him. His snakeship had a decided parti ality for music, the strains of the violin scarcely ever failing to bring him out. On Sunday last, upon one of tho younger children entering a bedroom off the dining- room of the house, the reptile was espied on the floor, and the terrified child had the sense to close the door and jump into the bed, at the same time calling out, "Snake!" The snake had just squeezed itself under neath the door, when Mr Street jumped upon it, and a little further rough hand ling sufficed to dispose of the monster. Enterprising Advertisers.— The Mi nister of Education in South Australia has received an offer of £6000 for one year for the right to advertise on the back of postage stamps in that colony. An advertisement will - be printed on each stamp before the gum is put on. ' Offers of a similar nature have been made to the Governments of Victoria and New South Wales, and tbe question will be considered at a cenference of tho heads of the postal and telegraph departments of the three colonies to be held at Melbourne next week. | Extraordinary Dividends. — The Moonta Mines Copper Company, South Australia, has declared its sixty-fourth dividend, the amount of the present one being 10s. Since the company started operations £1,168,000 has bean paid to shareholders in dividends. Since the rise in copper early last year the Moonta mine has disbursed £96,000 in dividends. Misunderstood. — A stranger went to the Tallaugatta post-office the other even ing, and asked if there was a letter for Mike Howe. The relieving postmaster answered rather sharply that h6 had. no letters for anybody's cow. Ho looked, too, as if he would go for the other ehap, but ho didn't. The other chap was a. railway navvy— a short plug of muscularity, from the Half way, A Simple Remedy.— A lady corres pondent writes to tha "Sydney Morning Herald " Will you publish . a Bimole, but almost certain, preventive for typhoid, which seems, unfortunately,, to be on the increase. Let all mothers of families give their children rectified spirits or turpentine iu the'- following quantities,' every night, going to bed : — Three to twelve years old, 4 to 8 drops, in half a teaspoonful of sugar ; above twelve years, 8 to -10 drops. It destroys the typhoid germ, and much suffering may be prevented by this simple, cheap remedy. If a child ba seized with typhoid, repeat the dose five or six times a day, and let no solids or meats in any form be given. I Bpeak from certain knowledge, and hope this little information will be of use to someone " Alluvial Mining at Taradale. — The New Golden Gate Company at Taradale, in the Castlemaine district, who have recently had to contend against a heavy influx of water and silt, have come upon some good wash. On Wednesday, while washing, a nugget, weighing 6joz., was found in the machine ; and some time afterwards another, nearly lioz. in weight, was dis covered. When cleaned up the machine gave 16oz. of gold. Cricket. — The following is the team- to represent the Beechworth United Cricket Club in the match against Palmeraton to be played at Baarmutha Park this (Saturday) afternoon Crouch, Harper, Keage, Lee, Mickle, Murray, O'Brien. Perrv. Thomn. soo, Townsend and White ; emergencies, A. C. Thomson and D. Greig. Players are requested to be on the ground before one o'clock, as it is intended that two innings should be played. Educational.— Mr Chas. H. Morrison, son of Mr Joseph Morrison, of High- street, and for some time a pupil-teoeher in the Beechworth State-school, has passed, h'a examination for a trained teacher's certificate, and is at present in charge of the North Wooragee and Middle Greek schools. A Dangerous Pabtimb. — A boy named Johns, «t Adelaide on Wednesday, was committed for trial for unlawfully wound ing ac old lady named Mrs Eliz< Corby by means of a toy parachute. This new plaything consista of a atone or piece of iron tied to four , corners of a handker chief. It is then -thrown into «ho air, and the handkerchief becoming inflited on its descent ©ernes swiftly to the ground. The parach«ite thrown by Johns struck Mrs Corby on tie heed, inflicting a dan gerous wound. The General Elections. — The Chief Secretary states that, the date of the general elections has not yet been fixed, but that they will be held in the last week in March or first week in April, probably the latter. One Ministerial supporter suggests the 1st April ; but a Parliament elected on any other day in the year is capable of all the foolish action the colony can stand, observes the " Herald. Poisoned by Fish.— A case of death by fish- poisoning occurred at Yarraville on Thursday night. A man named Roberts had some hours previously pa- taken of tinned herrings, and shortly nfter exhibited bad symptoms of poisoning. Medical assistance was called in, but it- was of no avail. Roberts succumbing to tli6 effects of his malady. As the doctor gave a certificate, no inquiry was held. Oversetting of a Mail Coach. — An accident happened on Monday evening to j the Penshurst coach on its way to Hamil ton. After passing a waggon, the coach was just turning into the road again, when the horses Bhied at a ladder protruding from the back of the waggon, and jumpsd to one side, thereby capsizing the vehicle, which rolled over a small embankment. There were three passengers inside the coach and three outside, two with tbe driver and one on top, all of whom escaped with a few bruises, while neither horses nor coach were injured to any serious extent. Furniture Sale. — Mr Geo. Phillipson, iun., will sell by auction Mr W. R. B. Francis's household furniture and effects, at that gentleman's residence, in Finch- street. Mr Francis, aEter many years' service in the Beechworth District Survey office, has been transferred to Melbourne, and leaves with best- wishes for his ad vancement. Again in Trouble. — The person re ferred to in the following paragraph from a Sandhurst contemporary was once well (and unfavorably) known in Beechworth : — A sad example of the degradation to which man may be reduced by acquiring too great a liking for stimulants was afforded on Tuesday afternoon, when W. R. Parkin, a barrister-at law, was arrested by the police for vagrancy. Parkin is an inveterate drunkard. He will remain sober for perhaps a month ormorata stretch, when be will suddenly giv..-"way to his eld habits, and then wander about the city in a filthy and pitiable state begging for the means to get more liquor. His last boat has extended over several weeks, and latterly he became a perfect nuisance to the community, bagging for money and drink whenever the opportunity presented itself. Recently his young daughter, being entirely forsaken and neglected by her father, was brought before the City Bench and sent to the Industrial Schools. Hunted Away.— A street in Bal'arat was the Bcene of a great social disturbance on Saturday last. A fa'r but frail creature, I the mother of a number of children,' left her home and family on the same day j as a well-known male biped left his. Their names were coupled together very closely. After some weeks' absence they returned on Saturday night, and" were received with derision bv a considerable number of females. The woman was denied admittance by her husband, and run out of the neighborhood by the mothers and- daughters of the locality. The place was exceedingly lively while the scene lasted. 