SCIENTIFIC. NOTES ON POPULAR SCIENCE. By dn. J. 15. Taylor, F.l.S., F.G.S., kc., Editor of " Science Gossir." An electric tramway has been opened near Gravesend, which it is believed will mark an era m the history of electric traction. Of coarse we have other electric tramways in operation ; but this is constructed on quite a different principle to any of the others. Hitherto the "parallel system" tias been that universally adopted ; but this is run in "series," that is, the whole current from the dynamo passes through one medium. The rails of the above-mentioned tramway are really double, with a slot between the two parts. In this slot the arrow is drawn along by the moving car, its function being to open the electric conductor at successive 'points, and insert the electric motor carried by the moving car in the electric circuit The arrow is made of flexible leather tipped with a steel head, and is coated with two ducting: strips insulated fr0.m.01 ® ift\ the and permanently connected with <»e two terminals of the motor. .A fi arrow glides along between spring- jack*auc cessively the latter are kept open, and the portion of the cable joining 'tnein " . either cut out of circuit or is ahort-circuitia, its place in the electric circuit "ems tem porarily occupied by the motor 0,n t'ie, ^ i car. The slots nre so arranged that mud cannot eet into them, for the arrow clears it out at every journey. The spring-jacks can be taken out in a few minutes. A constant current is supplied to the circuit, bo that tne speed of one car is not afleeted by the awn ing or stopping of another. The cars are under the most perfect command, even when descending a steep hill, which forms part ot the line of route. The horseless cars ma» now be seen running up hill and aowii lite so many locomotive ghosts, quickly starting and as quickly stopping a9 if by magic. Another new instrument has been brought out, called the phonopore. It is intended to neutralise the induction which interferes so greatly with telephones, and even telegraphs. It is so constructed that it enables the tele graph wire to be doubly U9ed. That is to say, whilst messages are passing by means of tlie ordinary telegraphic instruments through a line wire, phonoporic messages (or telephonic) can at the same time be trans mitted and received by means of that wire without any confusion or detriment to cither set of signals. Consequently the phonopore promises to double the efficiency of our exist ingtelegraphic system without much altera tion of existing arrangements. The name of the inventor is Mr. C. L. Davies. M. Mercadet has been continuing his re searches on telephonic effects, his experi ments being with aluminium and copper diaphragms. He finds that the effects pro duced with diaphragms made of tiiese inetals are, under similar conditions, far less intense than with iron diaphragms. The chief cause of the difference is the very slight specific magnetism of the former as compared with the latter. On the other hand, however, the quality of the effects produced by the alumi nium and copper diaphragms is very remark able, as they give the timbre of sounds and ! of articulate speech tar better tban those made of iron. A curious fact in connection with the phonograph and its relation with 6ound has just been made known. M. Gounod has proved that if a tune is played and recorded du the cylinder, it can be transposed into into different keys by simply turning the cylinder faster or slower. This fact was de monstrated by means of a cornet, which was played near the phonograph. A Mr. Ohlsoii, of llockford, Washington, has brought out a new potato planter. It is also a plough, the lower portions of which move vertically. At the top of a standard is placed a box lull of seed potatoes, which are discharged down a chute at the rear oi the plough. The Americans are lollowing the example of the Russians, and are using petroleum (or kerosene) as a liquid fuel on a large scale Many kinds of oil can be used for this pur pose which cannot lie used for any other. The Ohio refiners have laid down special pipes to Chicago to supply the demand for fuel purposes. M. Lippmann has just made an important communication to tiie French Academy on a means of obtaining photographs of true chromatic value by the use of coloured glasses, lie employs green, yellow, and red glass, and by their judicious use has obtained excellent results even with the preseut plates, notwithstanding their greater sensi tiveness to blue. The impreesions are de scribed asctejr, and free from brown patches; md the green foliage, the red or yellow draperies, instead of yielding brown tints, nre reproduced in deiicutely-modelled design, like i well-executed engraving. Our London smoke has found an able de fender, who declares that the wonderful free dom of the great city from epidemics is due chiefly to the large amount of carbon in its atmosphere, as well as to the diffused sul phurous fumes. Germs cannot stand such an environment, so they surrender at discretion, i The weight of this great 6moke-clond daily hanging over the metropolis has been calcu lated by l'rolessor Chandler Roberts at 50 | tons of solid carbon and 250 tons of hydro carbon and carbonic acid gases tor eacb day ot the year. A well-known French chemist, M.Deherain, i has demonstrated by experiments that all Eoils containing considerable quantities of nitrogen in combination, 6nv two grammes to the kilogramme, if cultivated without manure, lose iar more nitrogen than is absorbed by the crops, but in proportions varying according to the nature of such crops. For instance, they lose more with beetroot, less with maize grown for fodder, and still less with potatoes and wheat. When the ground has been impoverished, i no longer containing more than one and u half grammes to the kilogramme, the losses cease, and the ground begins to recover a certain proportion of nitrogen, the gain being much greater on grass lands than on tilled lands. Therefore, the old idea that land gains by lying fallow is en absurdity. Fallow land bears weeds if it does not grow crops, and you may aa well grow useful plants as useless ones. A new disease lias appeared amongst ub, known as the " Teachers' Sore Throat," but which Dr. Macdonuld, physician to the Throat Hospital, terms "Board School laryngitis." It is produced by the bad nir of the crowded schoolrooms, chalk from the black-boards, and the constantly high-pitched use of the voice in teaching, or rather shout ing to the scholars. Hence the over-strain ing of the voice and iuliammation of the vocal apparatus. Two French physicians have been experi menting with a view to the disinfection of hospitals and dwellings of infectious genns. | They show that gaseous sulphurous acid has a destructive effect on germs contained in the air, especially when saturated with the vapour of water. Sulphurous acid acts mainly on the germs of bacteria, and when employed in the pure state for a prolonged jjeriod it may prove fatal even to germs in the dry state. Dr. Terby, the well-known Belgian astro nomer, announces that he has plainly seen with his new Sin. Grubb telescope the two satellites of Uranus known as Titania and Oberon. The nuisance of overhead telegraph and telephone wires is increasing. What it will be in a quarter of a century if the increase goes on at the present rate I cannot tell. Our towns and cities will exist at the bottom oi a huge spider's web. They have had enough o! them in New York, and the municipality has resolved to abolish them. They took action against the companies in the law courts, and obtained a verdict. But the companies refused to stir, nevertheless. With characteristic prompbneBB the mayor then set gangs of labourers to work to cut down the telegraph posts in Broadway and the Sixth Avenue. Adulteration is now carried on to such an extent* and so scientifically, that we are beginning to adulterate adulterations, The I latest article to be adulterated ia olive oil. Cotton-seed oil is used to adulterate it with, and for this purpose it is stated that two million gallons of the oil are imported every year to Marseilles. Singularly enough a good deal of the mixture finds its way back to the United States, whence the cotton-seed oil came, and pays 30 per cent duty for admission. .... Practical engineers are much exercised just now with the new furnace invented by Mr. liopcroit. Its principle consists in feeding the furnace irom below. This is done auto matically. by means of an archimedean screw and an automatic hopper. The feeding of the furnace is accompanied by a forced draught, which can be regulated in propor tion to the fuel supplied. There is no feed ing with open doors, and therefore 110 loss of heat in consequence. The grate is circular iu form, and consists of concentric rings of iron with air-spaces between. It ia set at an angle, and slowly revolves in this oblique lilane upon the hollow axiB through which the fuel is elevated. As the coal comes up the rotation of the grate causes it to be evenly distributed. As it becomes incan descent it falls forward toward the bridge on to n supplementary grate. As the clinker forms it is collected on this supplementary grate, which may he made to revolve as an endless chain, breaking the clinker as it turns, and casting it into the ash-pit be neath. The air supply is automatically regu lated by the coal feed, so that the relative proportion remains constant whether coal ia being consumed at the rate of 101b. or 401b. per square foot of grate surface per hour. No skilled stoking or opening of furnace doors is required by this new system. What is even more important, there is practically no smoke, ami the finest coal-dust can be consumed. The furnace has been in use at one large firm in connection with a Cornish boiler, and the saving in luet is said to have been 50 per cent It has also been success fully tested on the river steamboats. In these letters I have frequently hod occa sion to refer to the experiments and re searches of one of the most distinguished of our younger school of physicists, Mr. C. V. lioys. I lie latest feat consists in manufac turing siliceous fibres from rock-crystal. He melts the latter in an oxy-hydrogen jet, pulls it out into rods, and then draws these rods into the finest iibres by attaching them to the tail of an arrow, and shooting the latter from a cross-how ns soon as the rod is again melted. In this manner he produces threads less than the ten-thousandth part of an inch in diameter, and he says that he can produce them right down to the limit of microscopic vision. The ends of these fibres arc perhaps the finest tilings ever produced, as it is impossible to trace them up to the end even with a microscope. They are cer tainly not more than the one-millionth part of an inch in diameter. Threads the ten thousandth part of an inch in diameter are less stiff than ordinary spun glass, and are stronger than steel wires of the same size. Electrical experiments have proved that it is possible now to make galvanometers more than one hundred limes as accurate as any which have silk fibres used iu their construc tion. The planet Saturn appears to be undergoing important physical changes. Two observers —one in Belgium and tiie other iu the United States—have observed a brilliant wiiite spot on the ring adjacent to the shadow of the globe, extending over both the principal por tionsof the ring, so that the Cissiui division, which crossed it, seemed to gain in black ness, and therefore iu visibility, at ilie place, doubtless irom the effect of contrast. It has not been seen, however, since the 21st of March. Another new explosive is nnnouuerd. It is manulnciured irom embolic acid, and is said to be more powerful than any ut present known. It is asserted that three of its charges, shot out of mortars, are sufficient to shutter to pieces a strongly- constructed fort. It is stated that indiarubber pavement is being used in paving Goethe-bridge, in the city ot Hanover. It is also being tried in Berlin. This new pavement is declared to combine tire elasticity of indiarubber with the resistance of granite. It iB not slippery, and is neither ufl'ected by heat or colJ. Of course, the material is artificial, but the com position is kept a secret. It is stated that Dr. Eiaenmann, of Berlin, has invented a piano which, by the aid of electrc-magnetism, can sustain, increase, or diminish sounds. This has been attempted before, but unsuccessfully. Another novelty in Dr. Eisenmaiin's discovery is, that by moving the electro-magnets the timbre of the tone is changed, any from that of a violoncello to that of a flute. In the last number of the Annals and Magazine of If aural History Mr. Old field Thomas has described a new Epecies of mouse from South Australia under the name of Mus argurus. It differs somewhat in its dental struoure from other mice, and is related to LLaplotis. It is readily distin guished" (turn all other epecies by its wholly white tail. Some interesting and important experi menta are being carried out in the United States as to the influence of sunlight upon trees. Most trees develop best in sunlight; but there are a few—like the yew—which do best in the shade. The beech will grow in partial shade, but the birch would die there. When planted in moist places all kinds of trees are less sensitive to the absence of light. In open places, maples, elms, and sycamores grow well, and make a good shade; whereas in a dense forest they would tliiu out, and produce but a Beauty foliage. Coni ferous trees, such as sprnce and fir, have the greatest capacity for growing in tire Bliade, and of preserving their foliage in spite of the withdrawal of light. The leaves of those trees which develop under the full action of light are larger and tougher, aud possess more atomata, or breatbiug mouths, than those less exposed to light. Professor Taye, the distinguished physio grapher, has made another communication on his favourite subject of the movements of cyclonic storms in various regions of the globe. He shows that they ore all essentially identical in their main characteristics. Everywhere we find the same rapid trajectory from the equator towards one or other ot the poles—the same manner of gyration narrow* ing towards the base round about vertical axes—the same progressive expansion fre quently developing phenomena of varied segmentation far from the equator—and the same independence of local climatic con ditions, pointing to their common origin in the upper regions of the atmosphere. He contends that all these disturbances do not exclusively belong to the science of meteoro logy, but are the grandest terrestrial mani festations of the mechanics of fluids, acting in conformity with M. Eaye's theory. Fddbtbbh thousand labels, it Is said, were provided this year for exhibitors at the Royal Academy, bnt proved insufficient; 18,000 applications were sent In, and, of course, were honoured. There Is room npon Hie walls of the Academy for 2,000 to 8,000. Some thing like 16,000, therefore, must needs he refused# 