ANOTHER LIBEL ACTION- A Claim for £200. All About " Rough on Rats." Hio Wife Took Something, and He Sont for the Doctor — JB5 to Com- pensate for kin Damagod Character and Injttred Buainoss. In tho District Court this morning, before J udge Docker, E. K. Lambert, of Shoal- haven, Bued tho Australian Newspaper Co., Limited, for that tho defendant com- pany, on or about February 19 last, falsely and maliciously printed and pub lished. in the Australian Star the words following, that is to say, "Mr. Lanibort, of Groonweli Point, Shoulhaven (meaning tlio plaintiff), attempted suicide on Sunday morning by taking n quantity of ' Rough on Rats,' " the defendants mean ing thereby that the sivid pluintiff bad wickedly and ) feloniously administered to liimsolf ' the poisonous substance known as "Rough on Rats" with intorit. to kill liimsolf, and the plaintiff claims L200. The defendants entered tho formal tlefonce of not guilty. : 7 , . . Tho following telegram appeared in the Australian Star oh February 9, . 1889 ' rough on rats ' again. , "Nonvka, This .Day.— Mrs. Lamport, - wife of E. K. Lambert, hotel- keeper, GrcenV Well Point, was on Sunday morning' found in a sickly condition, which' showed syinp/ toms, of poisoning. It was afterwards dis covered that she _ had attempted suieido -by. taking tho notorious ..'compound 'Rough on' Rats,' hi a cup of tea. Dr. Brcreton was summoned,, and succeeded in bringing the woman out of danger. Tlio police have taken. the matter in hand." Ill tlio sumo issue of the newspaper tho following summary paragraph appeared : — "Mr. Lambort, of Groenwell Point, Shoal-- haven; attempted - suicide on Sunday morn ing by taking a quantity of 'Rough on .Rats."' Dr. Sly, instructed by Mr. Blnckmorc, appearod for the plaintiff, and Mr. Wilfred Blaoket, , instructed by Mr. ', G. ' E.- , H. , Sanders, for the dofondunt company. . . ..Before the ease was opened, His Honor asketl if there was any pro bability of tho ease being sottled 1 . .Dr. Sly said, that if the dofondant com pany would givo them a written apology,) so that they could show to people, and also pay tlio costs/ they would not go on. , Air. Blaeket pointed out that tlio de fendant had already published a statement deiiyiiig the fact. Dr. Sly said they had. not seen it . until: that day. , Mr. Blaeket said that if the apology was not seen thbparagraph'ooiitaining the ulloged libel eoultl not have been seen. Dr. Sly pointed out that lfis client) never saw it. . .. / Mr. Blaoket would sliow that a copy of the . paper was sent to the plaintitf,'und bo- sides that, tho readers of .the Star road every line of it. (Laughter.) / v . His Honor : Tho offer is not accepted. , Alt', Blaekot : We will accept tho ofTor, biit not to pay the costs.' ; ' Dr. Sly : The. case will liavo to go ou then. . ' '' Tlio plaintiff said that, lie was an hotel- lceoper at Urccnwell Poiuc, Shoalhavcn. He had been there about 12 months) Boforo ho took the hotel lie was in the Town and Country Journal and Evening News office. Ho was -their travelling '..representa tive, in ...the 'country.-. There was no other Lambert at Groenwell Pouit, but there was a Air. Lambert, an hotelkeeper, at Brougliton Creek, some few miles away. It. wus not trtio that ,. he over- attempted suicide by takhmg "Rough on Rats.". His Honor : Did you over, take anything more poisonous than your own beor ? (Laughter.) .' ' Witness, continuing, said Groenwell Point was tlio stopping place for the steamers. Ho had had this paragraph thrown up to lnm in several ways. Persons who 'used to como into tho hotel never ciime now. It injured liim in the country. Ho had people stopping ut his hotel, uud it injured him in that way. , Grcenwell Point was a busy little place, and his was the only hotel -there. He carried the passengers by tlio Illawarra boats to Notvra and back. Fishing parties stopped at his place frequently. Cross-examined by Mr. Blaoket: There was another hotel seven miles away. This paragraph lie complained of was on Tuesday, Feb. 19. On the Sunday previous something particular happened at his hotol. On the Saturday lie uume out of his hotol and asked someone to go for Dr. Brereton. Ho told the man ho called in that he thought his wife might havo taken something, and that was tlio reason ho asked for tho doctor. He (lid not know tiiat Dr. Brereton - brought antidotes for xioisohing and a stomach pump) Dr. Brereton cume and askod his wife some question. . . Was hot tho message you had sent to, tho doctor that your wifo had attempted suieido by \ taking poison?— ;I thought my wifo might have takon poison. Witness, continuiiig, said that, he did not think his wife might have attempted suicide. Tlio man lie sent away for the doctor rode away fast.! It .was some distance,: to the doctor's place. Tho paragraph lie com plained of was tlio one iu tho summary column. Ho did not know that tho summary was merely an index of what appeared in tho paper. Ho saw both, paragraphs in the paper, when liis attention was called to thom by tho sergeant of police, , who asked if there wits any truth in the matter. ) You did not hear of it until weeks aftor ? — It was not weoks, it was about a weok. l'eoplo sent marked .; papers to the police sergeant. - Witness, 'continuing, saitl that after ho saw tlio paragraph lie saw his solicitor, who. scut a letter to tho proprietors of the Australlvn Star. - ' The letter statocl that tho ..solicitor hail been consulted in reference to tlio unfounded statement in the paper headed " Rough on Rats again," which was utterly false. It was not true that Airs. Lambert took a cup of tea that morning. Tlio polico did not take tho matter in liund. Tho letter stated that tho plaintiff intended to issue a writ in the Siipromo Court, laying damages at L500, unless' Air. Lambert was reasonably com pensated. Witness, continuing, said ho did not see a pnragraph in tho newspaper in rofereneo to the 'telegram which contained the alleged libel. After the solicitor's letter was written lie comnioncecl an action in tlio Supreme Court, but it was discontinued. Then after wards, on J uly 29, some six inontlis after tho first action was discontimierl lie commenced an action in tho District Court. His house was eloso to tho wharf, and pas- songers landing had to como to his hotol, bocauso thero wus no otlior in tlio placo. He had had' fishing parties at his place. . On the Saturday iiighfc wa3,' not there soiiio disagreement between yourself and your wife?— Yes. Did she not say "I will leave yon ; I will go away ; Twill take poison," or some thing of that kind?— No. Sho said slio would take sumotliing. Thou you wont outsitlo the house ?— No. She wont into lior room then ? — Yes. When you saw her again did you hot think sho had takon poison ? — No ; she tried to scaro me. Did sho not tell you she had taken some thing out of lior box ?— Yes. Then you called this gentlemen ?— Yes ; I called him aside, and asked him to go to tlio doctor. Now, did not Smith say ho would go if you gave him a drink ?— -I-to. But you went outside' called him ?— No ; I wns not outside tho houso that night. You did scud Smith, though? — Yes. Ru-oxaminod i Ho withdrow tlio action commouood in tlio Supremo Court, bocauso ho could not atiord to go on witli it. Cross-examined : The first action was on ono paragraph, aud tlio present action was on a difioront one. Walker lilaekmoro, solicitor, said that when ho wrote tho lottcr to tho proprietors of the Star ho never saw or heard of tlio apology. Ho got no nuswer to tho letter. Ten days after tho letter he issued the writ in the Supreme Court, but afterwards with drow it. Cro33-oxamined : Tho letter was written tho same day as the interview with Air. Lambert. The present action was not com menced until two months after tho other action wus discontinued, but that was not Lambert's fault. Ho had never written uniting for a retraction of tho paragraph or an apology. Jacob Work know tlio plaintiff, and hud known him for 12 months. Saw the paragraph in the Australian Star about Air. Lambert. It was on tho sumo evening' as it appeared. Ho saw Air. Lambert lost night,. aud ho. did not know then That lie wus alive; he thought he was a dead man out ou a spree. .He .thought ho wan a ghost. , ' . . Cross-examined : Witness thought just as well of him as before, but lie thought a man i who committed suicide wus no man at all. Ho thought lie was too good a gdntloman to commit suieido, but it was in print and thoy must believe it. . He thought that . Mr. and Airs., Lambert ..had .'committed suicide.' (Laughter.) Ho read The Star, but lie hud not read the paragraph containing the denial. He concluded . that :Alr. Lambert was dead,, and Airs. lambort, - too. ' (Laughter. ) . ' 7 7 Re-examined : Whon ho savi Lambert last night bo was frightened. ' . e ' Cross-examined ; Hd had gro wh a beard since. That concluded the. plaintiff's case, '' , : ). Thomas Kennedy, a eouwaetoiyof Pyree, said lie know the piaihtiffi : Gr'eenwell 'lJoint: was about two miles arid a half from Pyree. . . . ' , Did you hoar on Sniulayp Folirnary 19, a roport aboutsAIrs. Lainbort.?7 ;;. ): ' )) ' Dr. Sly objected. . Air. Blaoket wished to sliow that the re port was circulated in Nbwra and believed to bo correct long before the Australian Star published it. 7 - . _ His Honor uphold the 'objection; and re-, jected tho evidence. " ' 7 : Dr. Brereton, rotiding nine , miles from Groenwell .Point :. Oil Sunday, February 19, lie received it message froiri John Smith, and in consequonee lie went . to Air. Lanibert'ii House. From what Smith told him, that i Airs. Lambert" had taken poison, ho took tlio! usual remedies. He took a stomach numb' and an antidote. On arriving at Air. Lam/ bort's house, tluit gentleman saicl lie was sorry'ho liticl had to Bend for. him, but that Mrs. Lambert lmcl given liini a great fright; saying she had taken something, arid lie thought best tie send for hiin. ,t Cross-exuminod : Sho had not taken poison, and it \vtt3 unnecessary to use any retuo- dies. - . .. ' :r -' .' William Fitzv.'illiani Terry, manager of the Australian Star, said the telegram and the brevity liad appeared on tlio sailie day.' On Alarcli 16 ho . received a letter about tho ' ma'ttdr,' . and an, onco .-. coin- inunicated witli a solicitor, and a xmragnipli was inserted in tho paper. Ho received a Supreme Court writ, and gave instructions to light it out. ' On July 21 ho received,' the summons iii the ' present: cuso, and oh bbafc ' day lie liad. a paragraph contradicting' tlio statement inserted) " He liimsolf posted a copy of the paper to the plaintiff. : Hb in structed the sub-editor to inquire inbo tlio matter to see it any- further reparation should be made, but- with the result that ho rotused to pay any costs. / Cross-exumineil : He gave iiistructious to figlit tho writ out. Ho did say that they got so many .writs. (Laugh tor.) Sergeant Sykcs, iu charge of the Shoal havcn district, said that ho pointed out a paragraph to plaintiff appearing in trie Star, und asked if it was true, 'and- ho siti'd it was nob. lie asketl liim if it was a fact that he came out of liis room and ' sent it person for the doctor, 'and ho said j it was. Ho also said 'his wifo threatened' . to poison herself, and Airs. Lambert, who 1 was present, said that she did/ threaten to poison herself in consequence of a row they had had, but sho hatl no intention of carrying out tho threat. / Cross- examined : He got a marked paper. It was not a fact when tho paper published the paragraph that the matter (was in tlio hands of the police. Ho showed tho para graph to Lambert, but lie said it could not refer to him. . f Air. Terry re-called, said the summary was a misprint. . i His Honor said this was' alt action for libel, The matter being ' contained in a paragraph in the summary Column of tlie Australian Star of February 19. It wus admitted that that paragraph fvus a mistake. It appeared to have been compiled as a summary from a telegram appearing in the same paper from Notvra. fit seemed that tiiat pnragraph also was without foundation whatever, but no complaint was made in ; respect of that paragraph — what wore alleged to bo facts were nob facts. No doubt tho reporter or person who scnttho paragraph might have heard something to that /effect. At any rate that was not what was complained of. It appeared that tlio eonipiler of the sum mary in boiling it down got it into tlio form which lie had already I read. Ho believed this newspaper wns always peculiarly care ful iu its statement of facts, especially, upon matters which affectcd,tlie burning questions of Protection audFree-i.ritdo, and ho supposed it was also careful, or tried to be, witli regard to its general news, and lie supposed that was about as near as the compilor could bo reasonably expected to got. He had to cut a lob out of tlio' telegram, bo he hud taken out tho wifo and thus mado tlio para graph point to a different person — the complainant. Undoubtedly such a para graph was calculated to do tlio plaintiff damage ; it charged liim with having attempted to- commit tho misdemeanor of Buicido. There was no malice in this euse. It was admitted that the mistuko was mado in getting as near as possible to tho truth of the original paragraph, ftnd therefore he should not givo hoavy damages. It was not a case for exemplary damages, but lie tl&g;ht the plaintiff was eutitlod to some damages to vindicate his character against this unintentional- libel upon him. Tlio dofondant company or paper might kayo taken certain steps which were provided in tho Defamation Act. Tho 6bh section provided what a newspaper should do in a cubo of ' that kind. It said that in a libel lor action iu a newspaper, wliero there was no actual malaco, und whore beforo 1116 commencement of an action, or at the /(earliest opportunity tlio proprietors of -tho newspaper inserted an apology, then tlio dofondant could pay into court a certain sum in satisfaction of tho claim, j That course had not been adopted. As soon as defendant's attention was called to this paragraph ho hud this paragraph inserted "Our attention lias been drawn'to a ' summary ' which appeared in tho Star some months ago, which, by a typographical error, made it ap pear that i Air. Lambert, of Groenwell -Point, licensed victualler, had at tempted to commit suicide. We have been askec'l to say that Air. Lambert never attempted or contemplated any such rash net)" It was quite cleur that that did not amount to an apology. It was a correction. Newspapers did nob like to apologise, but it might liavo been taken as siiili if other steps hud boon taken. Those steps hail not been taken, and it was quite clear that thero must bo a verdict for the plaintiff. : It wus not, as lie said before, a cuso for . very largo damages, but only to 'vindicate his character, considering that overtures were mado to settle the case on reasonable terms.'- Verdiet for the plain tiff' for L5, and costs of two witnesses. The following nppearod m our lato editions of yesterday. The following appeared in our lato editions o yesterday, 