BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. Last week I wrote about the wretched wrecks that strew the shoro of our Now York life, but nothing more pitiful or romantic has occurred horo for years than the death of Ellery C. Duniois, who died a few days ago in St. Luko's Hospital. During the sucond Grant campaign, at the request of tho National Com mitte I wont into Massa chusetts and at Dodham mot Ellery C. Daniels. At that time Mr. Daniels was cashier of the Webster National Bank at Boston, and was regardod in woalth and posi tion as the foremost man in Dodham. His elegant houso was one of the handsomost in that very aristocratic and cxclusivo quarter, and his horses were t.ho finest and best to be found between Dedliam and Boston. Mr Daniels wa3 a free liver and Dedham felt proud of him, and staid old bankers whose bank account roquircd soven figures, felt honoured by tucking theii aristocratic lops under Mr. Daniols' elogant mahogany. He had rison from an office boy in tho Webster Bank, and after years of honorable service had achieved a position exceeded by that of the president alone. But he had got. in the habit of fast living, and ho could not give it up. Ho triod his luck on the race-course and the pool room, but the devil hn had served so woll deserted him in tho hour of his direst need, then he stole the funds of the bank and at first ho thought he would replace them. Days and weeks passed on and he sank doeper and deeper in sin, till at last his thefts became so flagrant that he was detected and sontenced to imprisonment for five years. After serving n year President Grant pardoned him, and ho started life anew. A great piano firm that knew his former life took pity and gave him tho posi tion of salesman. In two years he robbed his friends of eight thousand dollars and fled. From that ho became a pariah and an out cast, homeless, ragged and starving. The fashionable society man, the swell clubman, the proud and aristocratic banker, who once occupied a magnificent mansion, and was humbly waited on by retinues of servants, might bo seen seeking his breakfast in the garbage cans by tho wayside, and found his lodgings in carta or in tho cellars of vacant houses'! and ho esteomcd himself fortunate when, by tho bounty of some charitable pedestrian, ho was enabled to sock the shol fcor of some ton'cont lodging houso in tho slums. For over ten yearB lie endurod tho horror of thi3 miserable life, and at last, worn by disease, exposure and dissipation ho sank ii the street, a starving, homeless tramp. He was taken to St. Luko's Hospi tal, one of tho noblest charities in the city, and after a brief struggle, died. The ending of this miserable and disgraceful lifo is but another warning to our young mon to keep in tho straight and narrow path. This con suming de«iro to bo rich and to live boyond our means is tho curso of tho present age ; it is this which has helped to fill our State prisons, and which has multiplied our suicides' graves. The shocking accident to Dr. Edward Beechor, which has cost him one of his limbs, has filled the breasts of thousands of his friends with sorrow. Attempting to get on to tho cars at Parkville where he had been attending weekly meeting, he either slipped or was thrown under the train, his leg was crushed so that amputation was ren dered necessary, an operation that he stood with lieroio fortitude. Dr. Beechor is eighty live, mid tho chances aro very much against him. In tho hour of his suffering and sorrow,. he has the sympathy of tho entire com munity. ThotiVh Dr. Beecher is not so well known to tho olitsido as his illustrious brother, he lias nevoithel&'rj hewn a faithful servant of Christ for over sixty yC'r.Ts. nncl jt is to him th;it he looks as his staff an<1 his comfort if he is called on to cross the dark valley. I thought with the assignment of tho thous and seats for tho Legislature and their friends that the troublss of tile Centennial celebration coirtii'ittee r/ere glided, but, Uefidyoiir heart, they wore oni? just began. Tiie District At torney from bjjotttfei Tail; Terras,- has notified the committoo that he nlaj1 W exp'ebted with his family, and requests to knot" Vrhafc pro- ? vision has been made for his entertainment while here, and if the committee will secure passes for his return homo. The Mayor of Scrub Oak City, Dakota, writes that lie may be expected, accompanied by the Board of Aldermen, if funds can be found in the city troasury to afford them transportation. The Hon. S. P. Augustus Overly, of Mississippi, writes that he represented Nuxobe County in the Legislature before tho war, and as his | family is expected from Europe about the 30th, ho IfcAlld be obliged to Mr. McAllister if lie would gee that they wsrej/roperly cared for and given a soat lio'ftf President Har rison, where they could seO tiiil ehovr to ad rapt ago. Then the Board av Aklhor'min . got their bad? up. Aldhermin llielly told : Aldhermin McCarthy thut Aldhermin Lynch ; and O'Flaherty wor gpttin all the pood things for themselves, and lie wasn't going !o stand it; Aldhermin Finnigan and '^McMannis defied this, and said that they had personally waited on fe' Kjyii-i-lee and had received assurances from Ivic. that the Ald themin wud be purvided fur. TYr^n nil the rest of the city officials pitched in, t\HA all . the Mayors and officials of every town and ' Gity from Maine to Texas, and from New "io'i'fc to California, sent in requests. Then every man' T?lfcr has ever been a State As semblyman, or ser'fo'ci rte.n Constable or as a Member of Congress, in iittj H»ute in the Union, expects ontertainment-for three' and a free blow to everything, dinner in cluded. In fact, quite a number of these self-invited guests have given Mr. McAllister to understand that they would willingly fore go tho military and naval processions for a free Wow at tiiedinnor. Twenty-two thousand dollars is the slim uati mated for wine alone andEd. Stokes of tile Hoffman House, is said to hare the contract for the drinks. I suppose t relight- say for' the drunks, for if they get away .tfithtYfo'hty-nWo thousand dollars worth of wines at the C'entonuinl dinner, it is safe to say that many hundreds who attend t.He fo'ast will find their hat9 several sizes too small for them' the next morning. The committee is .19 an awful muddle. The Grand Army men feel tbrii they have been slighted. Tho Navy declared that it has received the cold shoulder ; and tfic troat meiio of tho Army, it is said, has been on the north side of friendly. Alderman Mulligan declared the othoi1 dny in the Common Council 11 that uv tho Boofd did not have foive tickets aich tnd the dinner and free drinks for himself and his friends, he'd make that Kum-e-tee Bup sorrow be sponfuls." There are evidently not. free tickets enough trJgo around to the dinner. I judge so, from tiie fact Miafc though President Harrison and Governor Hill have received theirs, up to present writing Broadbtim has seen nothing of his. Twice this week ive have heard, throngh perfectly reliable sources, that Ward Mc A11 later had resigned ; that Ward McAllister had boon bounced ; that Ward McAllister jiad washed his hands of the whole affair, but W(J ildtf find that thpfc talented repre sentative of tficf Elite four hundred is still on deck, and likely to bo' a Very lively ghost up to April 30th. He is not dead nor sloeping ; his position is a trying one, but he is still master of the situation, and so he is likely to (ktiiMntio to the end. This is inado memorable in political circles by the ctisSp'W-tfmemt of Postmaster Pearson and the elevation to the Postmaster ship of one of New York's most distinguished citizens, Cornelius Van Cott. Mr. Pearson, who is the son-in-law of the Postmaster who precodedhim, Mr. James, has beonconnectod ?frith the Post-Office for tho past sixteen year's.- , When General Garfield became Pre side!!!; he appointed Mr. James Postmaster General, ailuft ftitf ciay3 after his assumption of that office Ilia fitfil - In - law, Mr. Pearson, was appointed fostmas'ter of New York. He hold his pos'tion until Mr. Cleveland was elected ; when his Mugwump friends, Larry Godkin, Gcorgo \V, Curtis and Carl Shultz went personally to the Pre sident and demanded as a reward for their sorvices in tho preceding campaign the ap pointmont of Mr. Poataoti, The request was grantod, to tho g'roat disgusG of Mr, Cleve land's political friends,? frb.o looked upon the Post-office as one of the richest political plums. Mr. Pearson is riot a very suave man. Long possession of office had made him a martinet and an autocrat, till his petty" tyrannies made the lives of those beneath him an intolerable burden and a curse. He caused it to bo bruited abroad that there never was such a Postmaster before, and if .lie were displaced it might be difficult to find such another; but his head fell into the basket this week, amid tho gonornl rejoicing of the hundreds of Ilia subordinates, who hold a grand jollification to celebrate his downfall; and he will step out of the groat building, where he had ruled liks an autocrat for so many years, unmourned by a single friend except a fow of tho favored satellites who held their places by his sufforance and favor. The city was startled the other day by tho arrest of several members of District As sembly 49, of tho Knights of Labor, fof the attempted destruction of Stevenson's alo brewery on Ninth Avenue, with djmmite bombs. Assembly 49 has been at the bottom of every disturbance hore ever since the organization of the Knight of Labor. When Mr. Powderly tried to conduct the affairs of the Knights of Labor by means in keoping with deconcy and modern civilization. Assembly 49 started in to destroy Mr. Powdorly. A follow named Quinn, who got command of the organization afow years ago, ordered the great strike which resulted in tho ruin of thousands of poor workingmen. TIo led tho groan strike against the Third Avenue Railroad, and innumerable other strikes and boycotts, every one of which lias been a miserable and disastrous failure, resulting in tho ruin of the workingman. The Local Assombly, 8390, wanted to run Mr. Stevenson's business and Mr. Stevenson re fused to lot them do it ; then some men wero hired who were to get employment in his brewery, and when they got in they were to destroy or poison his beer ; they failed to i;et in, then an assassin was hired to blow up the building with dynamite bombs placed in the engine-room. Tho assassin failed to gor insido tho brewery, but he placed the bomb under the north wall and blew it down. Thou the vidians quarreled among them selves. and this weok one of thorn turned Stato's evidence. No mercy to such as they are. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. THE ICY IRISH LEADER.-In the self-pos sossed, softly spoken, courteous gentleman who at long intervals addrcses the House, it is difficult to recall the lineaments of the once member for Meath. Mr Parncll began Parliamentary life by being in an ungovern able passion. He promises to end it in an atmosphere of icy calm. His coolness in de bats is almost supernatural, and probably has something to do with the secret of his supremacy over an emotionable nation and a heterogenerous party, whoso leading charac teristic is certainly not repose of manner. He comes and goes without affectation of mystery, but with all its effect. No one can say whether ho will be in his place on a particular occasion, howeve.- specially inter esting to him, and, if becomes, whether he will take part in the debate or remain to vote. He is tho only man of prominent position who has not appropriated for him self a corner seat. When he speaks he rises from some midway placo on the bench below the gangway, in which he has hap pened to drop on arriving. Ho has a plea sant voice, a clear enunciation, and a pel lucid style. He never, even on the most moving occasions, attempts to rise into the oratorical style. Having something to say and he never speaks till ho has, a rare per sonal peculiarity in the house of Commons he says it as simply, as briefly, yet as forcibly as possible, and sits d >wn. For an Irish leader, wielding more power than any man had held since tho days of O'Connell, Mr Parnell is in appearance, in Manner of speech, in tone of thought, and in all his ways, less like a typical Irishman than any man in Parliament. Henry W. Lucy, in '. Universal Review.'' 