: Oddities ofr Chinese ITravel. . While itravelling among the Chinese, I iight n?i' thm'nsn , aseing'them for thd'.first' tine . 'On the contrary, the' ate if tliii;f seems to be bordrin~g on' a riot" 'The enel'gy that lies'latet'ini a Chinaiman. waitid g to ,b14 developed. anodioanfested by a discusason on cash, isj"imply incalculable. I !As we :coolly regard .this. .trong of, half dressed, yellow-colonred , people, we I se chance acquaintances, who have run against one another for half-an-hour, screaming their loudest with distorted'.countesnaoces sand violent gesticulations, 'appareiitly 'threaten ing immediate death to those who differ from them.: It seems incredible' that the seubject is'. of no more importance than !whether'a sack of potatoes or basket of fish shall be a half farthiog'more or ess: I Imagine our comiing smiddesly, into suich a crowd, in a ?hort'sergetjacket and big' sun hat,;nnderneath which is at pa'e face ,with' 'beard. If 'the'p]ase is'abe where foreigners 'are.occasionally .seen,, they,'.,si'l look' uap; "Hwan-kui ' (foreisi ghot),anid tfter a few moments resume their employment as though we were not,there. If,'howeer, foreigners 'are almost unknboi?n in thiie parta, ` e kiiow perfectly we shall have ino peace e'deeipt?ich as-we can ,ecure by a little.masnuraing Sometimes'the land:ord appearsqciito' leaied to receive us, liut now and then, he seeos to think we take up. too- much roo;mwith'the' crowd who standround th iook at us. It is very. entertaising to observe'.how eicited such a crowd often bleciimes by .the advent of, a foreigner imnd how, rapidly the news spreads to nei houring, houses ,that', a "foreign ghost las ,arr?ved." ',Mine host stands and threatens terribolethlings, ,which he hias not the simallest:intbenision of a into executiuon. - Pe" halan-holir' hil shout"and g?ticu?nlate, 'entreiatiiigth? un' tutored herd to,remember thie 'propieties, and notcrowd ia so imuc?? , foreign gentleman.:. ,. ,. The point of greatest isterestis- "alsways reached when the traveller begins his neal. fie has carried. with, hlim.all he wani.with the.exception, of rice, potatoes, hot water, and one or two other..thini?ge The laying eutoL the plates, knivs, and fork i a g?oeat mystery.. -Much mu-tioLinii biea1'b as to the way of, uainglhem.2Theybe." to' know the reason.why .we, prefer..t emnployia man to carry.all ourappartu 'foi 'dn i?iinstead of using. their. howls ad 'cho.'h ticks.s ?The spoonisnd fork, iap'parently made of solid' silver,, greatly astoijishes': them, and the traveller is ready enough, to. own ;that they are not silver at all. cwhe. ? lift our food to our mouth niany.h?nd' move in a similar way, as .they say .quietly to %de another, "' Look. He is doins~ like'this''. Standing so closely round our smniall table :that we feel inconvenienced, we entreat them to give as breathingrosom while ?v dine, and afterward we will. talk to theri. Many voices break forth with .pleasure at our speaking-to them. ' "The foreigner speaks our.words," says one; " Yes, let him eat," says another; " Stand back, you.man with out propriety," says a third, whose zeal for good, manners is evidently due only to his desire to secure a front place. At such a time one is almost always quesn tioned:in the same Kay. The most trivial -and ridiculous questions are asked. The inquiries they.make of a foreigner.are such 'as they commonly make among themselves. '!How ;far. is it to your ancestral. home! Are your' venerable' parents, living? How maanyisons have you!' Was your linen made in Chins or'in England? How do you get it so white!. How are. marriages, arranged amongtthe foreign: children?. What is, your income:?" ;. 'MA little imildibanter. is. much- appreciated by th' ierowd bdt: bring?:out i more rapid fusillUde of uueotios;'l In the oontryplaes about Amoy I have been'asked very'fre eniitlyy, "'Whe're'is'the country where'the people hive'bn" leg,;onaarm; one', ye,'and wh"ePr'there' atr?'only women'f t?Ha.veyou' Peeer thedalandus(? What the'orgim of these niotioj is'litise'hard to say.' Perhaps:some Chined~ Baron.Maichausen lor iDeanrswif wrote birrlesefedbdok of travels,which has inathe 'cburke o ;ftimo'lbe?es acceptedt as authentic by a people who -hlive' so-many ?enturie itayed at home." - - t . -I ... In China ery tlavellercarrineaoishbedins 'ithhliim"'; b the latylme utill blp tu pooh the-'art; or id luaid, by waýa f -f ?-ddle upon the ass. The traveller may coint himself frriuhate"if ho can findind some Mutiual Presitritryib ' ? dIenly Uni?i'hote hoi 'tolerw able ioom in 3ihich to resti On thiq great rdodo; an'd' the recoguised etaglin, the intils are retthsure to" be deoeiint, hntelsewhei' they 'ure oten"iwretched . In those of ,the.better sort, there i?genery ally an eatiog-house or tea- ship on one 'ide of tlhe large door lek1in into the yaid, .This shlop ac the street, nd is connected with the ,cookhonse and private, roomi of the ;,ndlord. At this end, too, are, the rooms -cupiedhby the carters and others. 1'ssiing through the great door,, the visitor find himself in a large unpaved yard, with build. ings all round it. .On one aide r, perhaps, Sx .or eight guest rooms, little .boxes about 12 ft. sqare, withi paper in place of glass .for windows, doora which do not fit, and through the openings of which wind and loet find their way. A very ricketty old chair, and an equally decrepid table are the only furniture, the cled.,biog sinply a brick or. mud platfnre filling nerly half the little room, aqd raised about 2 ft. from the floor. t[nderneath it is a flue, into which, in cold weather, dry grass or o her fuel is pushed and fired, the heat and e?okoe p?sssing in a aigrng lire just under the auriace of the couch, and finally escaping up a vent in the wall. Other tire-places there are none ; and if, as often happens, the ,chimn-y should be foul, the warm bed ig hbt a poor compqnsatioq for smarntitg eyes and partial, suffocatio?. Rnt there are other rooms someti.es at the top of the yard, and it is awways an object to secure them, as they are a triflo larger and cleaner, and probably, In: htter roeair. The charges arc uoodecate, from 100 to 2~0 cash per asigt-about ls_ ar ith-extras?for too;I and gratuities to servants... 