HAUNTED HOUSES. ' O.nr WILLIaX C. rucsto,,,, in tho'long winter evenings when wegather" round the cosy fireside, feeling all the more happy and comfortable'becaae'nwe know iti so cold and dreary without ahefe are few, more favourite: pastimes than ttiat of 'telling ghost etories...iAnd singularly enough, it is often mostlov+ed by those whd aremost in dangersof bei~dhgnnerved by it.' Most of ns, at one time or other have sat by the hearth until the small hours of the morning listening to tales of horror until our hearts have fainted within us at the very prospect of going to bed and yet we have been anxious to hear more, and the fascinations of the story have increased'in proportion as it has inspired feelings of greater terror. Here are two such stories; one of them reomninsshrouded-in mystery althboiglius rbips, if we did but know it, the ekplanation would, be as simple as in the case of the other. We' will give the more mysterious one first. 11is recounted in a letter, written by a member of a very distinguished English family. "Sir James, my mother, with myself and my bwther Charles went abroad towards the end of ep year 1786. After trying several different plsaes, we determined to settle at Lille, where we found the masters particularly good, and where we had also letters of introduction to several of the best French families. 5"There Sir James left us, a after passing a fer. days .ina uncomfedege lbdging, -we !.gsd a nip ae famLhl i?which we lved sclpe Ma 'oh we- tdned at a very low rent, I*t- ft that part of the world. Aba rs roa weeks after we were esablis'ed in our ew reddence, I walked o Aay with my mother to the baekers, for the purpoe of delivering our letter of credit froa Sir Robert Hprries, and drawing iome money, which, .betg paid in hevy five frane pieces we found we Auld pot carry. ant herefore requneald _th bankerto send, esytig "we live td the !tee dCa LieS 'er," Wberesy he lookedaurpl.id, and Jitve that he w of no house there tt f.r ,s, 'ezeept, tadeed' Wa "dded.: d one OatLhas been long uninhabited lI Af the revenant that walks about. K.e 55d 41 quii seriously and in a natural tjmyef vote; fqte of which we laughed ad ware qgbte entertained at the idea of a ghost; bhe at the supi ta8e we begged him not to seueso fth melter to our servants lest theyshbod bake ay fanda into their heads; and my aesgir and I resoltpd to say nothing about it to say oue I s snppa iis tihb/bol' sild my mother, laugh ing, '(hJ wanlt as sp often by walkljg over sor heads' We bad l feect been aseekoe several igh by a'heavy fast, which -e sey lied to be that of opne of the aspMarrants, of wh .m we had three ongi* sed four Freec ; of women servant4 sa bd ehro English, and all tie rest weres,. Yt. The Egllsh .ones, mae u'wm -'evebr one of them, returned shtits aftdy to )Egised wifh M "A lgt o< w at rwaAnrd, being again awakesne by the step, my mother asked CreBs well, 'who slept in the room above us 1' ' No one, my lady,' she replied, ' It is a large empty garret.' "About a week or ten days after this Cress: well came to my mother, one morning, and told her that all the French servants talked about going away, because there was a reseoan? in the house ; adding, that there seemed to be a strange story attached to the place, which was said, together with some other property, to have belonged to a young man, whose guardian, who wa also his uncle, had treated hiom cruelly, and confined him in an iron cage ; and as he had subsequently disappeared, it was conjectured he had been murdered. This unele, after inherit ing the property, had suddenly quitted the house, and sold it to the father of the man of whom we had hired it. Since that period, though it had been several times let, nobody had ever stayed in it above a week or two ;.and, for a considerable time past it had had no tenant at all. " 'And do you really believe all this non sense, Cresswell,' said my mother. "'Well, I don't know my lady,' answered she, 'but there is the iron cage .in the garret over your bed-room, where you may see it if you please,' "Of course we awe to go, and as just at that moment an old officer, with his Croix de St. Louis, called on us, we invited him to aceompany as, and we ascended together. We found, as Cresswell had said, a large empty garrett, with bare brick walls and in the further corner of it stood an iron cage such as wild beasts are kept in, only higher; it was about four feet square, and eight in height; and there was an iron ring in the wall at the back to which was attached an old rusty chsin, with a collar fixed to the end of it. I confess it made my blood emep, when I thought of the possibility of any human being having inhabited it. And our old friend expressed as much horror as ourselves aesuring us that it must certainly have been constructed for some such dreadfal purpose. As, however, we were no belierers in ghosts, we all agreed that the noises must proceed from somebody who had an interest in keeping the house empty; and since it was very.disagreeablo to imagine that there were secret means of entering it by night, we resolved as soon as possible to look out for an other reaidence, and, in the meantime to say nothing about the matter to any one. About ten days after this determination, my mother observing one morning that Cresswell, when she eame to dress her, looked exceedingly pale and ill, inquired if anything was the matter with her ? 'Indeed my lady,' answered she, ' e have been frightened to death, and neither I nor Mrs Mersh can sleep again in the room we are now in.' ' Well,' returned my mother, 'youshall both come and sleep in the little spare room next us; but what has alarmed you ?'" "'e Some one, my lady, wont through our room in the night; we both saw the figure, but we both covered our heads -with the bed-clothes, and lay in a dreadful fright till morning.' "On bearing this, I could not help laughing, upon which Cresswell barst into tears; nnd seeing how nervous she was we comforted her by saying that we had heasl of a good house, and that we should very soon abandon our present habitation. "A few nights afterwards, my mother re quested me and Charles to go to her bod-room and fetch her frame, that shemight prepare her work for the nert day. It was after oupper, and we were ascending the stairs by thle light of a lamp which was always kept burning, when we saw going up before us a tall thin figure, with hair flowing down his back, and wearing a loose powdering gown. We both at once coneluded it was my sister HIanah, and called out: 'It won't do, Hannah, you cnnot frighten us.' Upon whils the figoure turned into a recess in thle wall; but as there was nobody there when we passed, ae eoncluded that Hannahl had contrivred somehow or other to slip away and make hebr escape by the hack stairs. "On telling this to my mother, however, she said, 'It is very odd, for HIannah went to bed with a head ache before you came in from your walk,' and sure enough. on going to her room, there we found her fast asleep; and Alice, who was at work there, assuored os that she had been so for more than an hour. On mentioning this ceircumstanceto Cresswell, she turned quite pale; and exelaimed that that nwas precisely the 6gure she and Marsh had seen in their bedroosms "About this time my brother Hdnry enme to spend a few days with us, and we gave him a room up another pair of s/irs, at the opposite end of the house. A morning or two after his arrival, when.he same down to breakfast, he asked my mother angrily whether she thought he went to bed drunk and could ost pat ont his own candle, that 'ho sent those French rascals to watch him. My mother assured him that els had never thought of doing such t thing; but he persisted I the accosation, adding, ' Last night I jumped up and opened the door, and by the light of the moon theough ths aky light, I saw a fellow in his loose gown at the bottom of the stairs. If I had not been in my shirt I would bare gone after him and made him remember coming to watch me.' "We were now preparing to quit the house, having seerored another belonging to a gentleman who wes oog to spend some time in Italy ; but a few days before our removal it happesed that a er, and Mrs. Atkhy·s, some English friends of ours, called, to whom we mentioned these strange ciremstances, observing bow extremely unpleasant It was to live in a house that some fibody found means of getting into, thog?h how they contrived it we eald not discover, nor what their motive could be, except it was to frighten us, observing that no one could sleep in ishe room Marsh and Cresawell had been obliged to give up. Upon this, Mrs. AtkLyne laughed heartily, and ,aid that she should like- of all bthings to nleepthere ijf my mother.wo.ld allow .her, adding, that with her- little terrier she should shIt beofraid ef any ghost that ever appeared.' As my mother had of conurse no objection to this faoney of herts, IMrs. Atkyns requested her housband to ride bhome with the groom, in order that the latter might bring her night things before the gates of the town were shbut, as theywere then residing a little way in the country,: Mr. Athyns smiled, and said she was very bold but he mande no difenlty, and emnt the things; aad hit.wife netired with her dog to her room when we retirml to murs appar ently without the least apprehension "When she game down in the morning we ve i immediately strLk at Yeeig her look very ill, and on jqirg if she too hadbee fright ened, she oad she had been awakened in the night by something moving in her room, and _that by the light of the night lamp she saw meadlistinctly a figure, and that the dog which ws', ry spirited, and flew at everything, never -stirred although slohe had endeavoured to make him-. We saw clearly that she had been very much alarmed, and wheil Mr. Atkyns came and ein4eavoured to dissipate the feeling by per. guiding her that she might have dreamt it, she got quite angry. We could not help thinking that she had actually seen something : and my mother said after she was gone, that though she could not bring herself to believe it was really a ghost, still she earnestly hoped that sho might get out of the house without seeing this figure which frightened people so much. " We were now within three days of the one fixed for our removal; I had been taking a long ride, and being tired, had fallen asleep the nmomentI-lay-down,-but. in the middle of the night I was ,unddely, aakened, I cannot say by, what, for thegate.po d'ir heads we had beeon?ciso used- to that'i?ni Idnger distorbed us, Well, I awoke; I had been lying with my face towards my mother who was asleep beside me, and, as one usually does on awaking, I turned to the other side, where, the weather being warm, the curtain of the bed was undrawn, as it was Alsd gtfthe foot, and I saw standing by a chest of drawers which were betwixt me and the window, a thin tall figure, in a loose powdering gown, ode arm resting on the drawers and the face turned towards me. I saw it quite distinctly by the night light which burned clearly. Itwas a long, thin, pale young face with oh I seli'a melan. choly expression as can never be effaced from my memory. I was certainly very much fright. ened, but my-great horror was lest my mother should awake and soe the figure. I turned my head gently towards her and heard her breathing high in a sound sleep, Just then the clock oi the stairs struck four. I dare sac it'was nearly an hour before I ventured to look again, :fid wiheu I did take codrago to tdin my eyes to walr the drawers there was nothiing sit had 0 hbeard the slightest sound, though I had beet Uetqtiag with the greatest intensity. "A.4 you may suppose, I never closed my eyes gaie, and, glad I was when Cresswell knocked at the door, as she did every rnoming, fog oe-always locked it, and it was my business to get out of bed nod lot her in. lBut on this ncvcalon instcsa of doing so, I called out, ' Coem Is, the door is not fastened ;' upon which she amsere4 that it was, and I was obliged to get s Ol hd sd admit her as usual. "Wbi I told my other what hed happened, she was Cery patlun to se for not wrlkidg her and commended see >s h- for my resolutled; She, however, resolsal oet to risk another night in the house, sad we got out of it that very ease day, after fintituting, with the aid of the soervats, A thorough search, with a view to aseertaln if there was any possible means of getting into the rooms except by the usual modes of ingress, but our search was vain; none could be discovered." Considering the number of people that were in the house, the fearlessness of the family, and their disinclination to believe in what is called the supernatural, together with the great interest the owner of this large and handsome residence must have had in dispovering the trick, if there had been en?--we must admsib that these exteaordinaryeircumstances are very difli. cult of explanation. One of the best stories of a haunted house is that of the royal palace of Woodstock, in the year 1649, when the commissioners sent from London by the Long Parliament to take posses. sion of it, and efface all the emblems of royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of the devil and the annoyances they suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played the imp to admiration. The commissioners arrived at Woodstock on the 13th October, 1649. They took up their lodgings in the late king's apart ments, turned 'the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing-rooms into kitchens and sculleries, the council-hall into a brew'-house, and made the dining-room a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down all the insigni"s of royal state, and treated with the utmost indignity everything that recalled to their memory the name of majesty of Charles Stuart. One Giles Sharp accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. He aided them to uproot a noble old tree, merely because it was called the Kings Oak, and tossed the fragments into the dining-room to make cheerful fires for the commissioners. During the frst two days they heard some strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention to them. On the third, however, they began to sus pect they had got into bad company; for they heard, as they thought, a supernutoral dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On the next day the tables and chairs began to dance, apparently of their own accord. On the fifth day, something came into the bedchamber and walked up and down, and fetch ing the warming pan out of the withdrawing room, made so much noise with it. that they thought five chureh-bells were ringing in their On the sixth day, the plates and dishes were thrown up and dowL the dining-room. On the seventh day, they penetrated into the bedroom in company with several logs of wood, and usurped the soft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the cightlh and nintL' nights, there was a cessation of hostilities ; but on the tenth, the bricks in the chimneys became locomotive and rattled and danced about the floors, and round the heads of the commissioners, all the night long. On the clenenth the - ran away with their clothes, and on the twelftl filled their beds so full of pewter-platters that they conil not get into them. On the thirteenth night, the glans became unaccountably seized with a fit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the house. On the fourteenth, there was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery had been fired off, and -a shower of.pebble stones, which so alarmed the commissioners that, "struck with great horror, they cried out to one another for help." They first of all tried the cfficacy of prayers to drive away the spirits ; but these proving un availing, they began seriously to refleet whether it would not be much belter to leave the place altogether to the spirits that inbabitel it. They resolved, however, to try a little longer; and having craved forgiveness of all their sins, be took themselves to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, lint it was merely a trick of their tormeontor to lull them into false security. When, on the nsucceeding night, they heard no noives, they began to tfltter themselves that the spirit was driven out, and prepared to ta?ke up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. These symptoms on their part becamo the sbignal for rsnewoed uproar among the spirits. \- On the lt oremrber they heard something walking with a slow and solemn pace up and doewn the withdrawing-room, and immediately afterwardsashower of stonaes, bricks, mortar, and brokenglasapeltedabouttheirears. Onthesecond steps were again heard in the withdrawing-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous bear, which continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number os stones and the jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked valiantly into the withdraw Ing-roord, armed witoh swords sad pistols, but could discover othingo. They were afraid thabt night to go to beh, and sat up, making fires in every room, and burning candks and lamps in great abundance; thinking that, as the spirits loved darkness, they would.not disturb a com pony surrounded with .so much light.. They were deceived, however; buckets of water came down the chimneys and extinguished the fires, asid the candles were blown out, they knew not how. Some of the servants who had betaken themselves to bed were drenched with putrid ditchkwater as they lay, and arose in great fright, exposing to the wondering eyes of the eaommisuaionero their linen all dripping with green moisture, and their knuckles red with the blows they bead at the same time received from some invisible tormentor. While they were trill speiklng, there was a noise like the loudest thunder, or the firing of a whole pack of artil lery. One of the eommiesioners asked in a courageous voice, who was there, anl what they bad dono that they should be so troubled. No answer was returned, andthenoisns ceased for a while. At length, however, as the commisaioners said, "the spirit asme again, and brought with it aseven others wose than itself.n Being again in darkness, they lighted a candle and placed it ins doorway, that it.might throw a light upon the two chambera at one; but it was scddenly blown out, and one commissioner soaid be hadL "peen the similitude of a horse'a hoof itrikins the candle and candlestick into the middle of the clhamber, anld afterwards maliiig three srapi?son the snuff to put it out." Upon this the same person wans so bold as to draw his sword; but be asserted positively that he had hardly withdrawn it when an invisible hand seired hold of it and tugged wihh him for it, and prevailing, struck him so violent a blow withl the pommel tlmt he was quite stunned. Then the noine began again. They aere con vinced by this time it was useless to struggle anylonger with the powers that seemed deter. mined to mnake W - their own. These things happened on Saturday night, and, being repeated on the Sunaday, they dc?termine?d to leave the platoda:nd rettirn to London. , SDBy Tuesday miornidg early, all their pi-epara tions' ere-completed;-and shaking the dust off their feet, finally took their departure. Mahy years elapsed before the true.eaua.of these& isturbances was diavere~id: It was ascertlonel at the Reto~ition, that'the whole was the work of Giles anars, the trauty clerk of the commieaiodner. This tan waa,t:con.eei~d I royalist, aln pascdI?his Carls e ineW---.; a? ho knew every hoel tad coer d thi plaum -, l numerous trapdoor's and seeret sa es-. The commissionero never suspecting Lic placed the utmost relhace npn him * imldeneo which he aibued Im Lbe 'nner. above detailed, to his own great alusaemeot and that of a eow cavaliers whom be let into the secret. 