HoveUst. The Midnight Prophecy ???'.' OR, . HEIR, OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS, ^ V-y liniuia Garrison Jones. ' CHAPTER XXXVI. ~ j' J.OSIXH FINDS A CLUE. Lady Oeoilis Drumtuond hnd issued , cards for a large party, and it chanced that Lady ^Neville's maid had fallon ill. 'Don t yo» think you can find time to dresB me, Janet,- when you have done ' 'with Lady Marguerite ?.' questioned her r. lauyBhip. . .-.—-.. Janet was Buro she could, and accord ingly, having robed Lady Pearl in her pale, golden silk, and fastened the pearls about her lovely thruatand in her golden . hair, she tripped across to Lndy Neville's magnificent dressing-room. f ' You'll have to hurry a trifle, Janot,' j. said her ladyship j ' we've no timo to '.': lose, and I do not care to be late ' So Janet set tn work with nimble fingers. She was an artist, in her way, and her taste in dress was exquisite. . 'Really, Janet, I must compliment your skill,' said the earl's handsome P ; sister; surveying heraolf in a mirror ; 'my hair is perfeot. And now,' sho added, graciously, ' bo good enough to select what ornaments I shall wear ; no doubt . ? you know bettor than I.' , Janet surveyed her with 11 critical eye, '' ' from the crown of her handsome blonde head to the flowing train of her sweeping black velvet robe. 'Diamonds,1' she said, curtly, unlock .'.-ing the jowel-case ; ' the solitaire in your bosom, and those bracelets — not tho .'? bandeau, 'tis too heavy— and these ,y- '? - camellias are n\uoh more becoming, with , a sprig of green and scarlot to give them ? ' '.; color!.'' ??.'.'? !.-'.-.-' ???'?? :'????. ?v. -Lady Neville smiled us Janot clasped tho jewels, and fastened (lie flowers in her hair. ' I shall have to bribe you away from Lndy Marguerite,' she said, pleasantly. 'I havo not boon so well dressed in a month. And there's the carriage ; and hero comes Lady Pearl I My cloak and gloves, ploaso.' Janot brought them, and as she threw tho elegont mantlo over tho Btately matron's shoulders, she Baid, in her quiet way: ' 1 am very sorry, Lady Neville, but I shall be compelled to leave on Mon day.' Lady Neville turned and stared at her in amnsso. ' To leave, Janet?' she cried. 'For what reason, pray ? Do you waut higher wages ? What is it V 'No, my lady ; my wages are satis factory, but there are pursmiul matters that force mo to leave, and I regret it very much.' ' So do I,' said her ladyship, candidly. 'Younroa refined, capable girl, and I should very much .like l.ndy Marguerite to keep you after her. marriage, Janet. You would have a permanent homo.' 'I am very sorry,' mid Janot, 'but I am compelled' to go, at loaat for a time.' 'But you will come back to mo, Janet,' cried Pearl, who had enterod and heard the conversation ; ' you will come back to me '(' ' Indeed I will, my dear young lady, just as soun an I can,' replied Janet, the tears rising to her eyes. 'Well,' said Lady Neville, 'I am sorry ; but if it cannot bo helped, there's no use in wasting words about it. Come, Marguerite, the carriage waits, and we shall barely make the drive in time.' They Bwept out of the room and down the broad staircase, and Janet, crossing to the window, watched them as they en tered the carriage. Sir Bayard Brompton, who was a guest at tho TowerB, was their escort, of course. Ho ran dowu the steps, bowing and smil ing, nnd assisted them into the carriage, and Janet's watchful eyes saw that Lady Marguerite, in her golden drapery, shrank away from hiB touch with ill-concealed avorsion. ' Poor little Pearl !' she sighed, and the tears that filled hor eyes overflowed nnd trickled down her cheeks ; poor little Pearl I She dislikes him now, and she'll hate him by and by. Poor little girl, who never knew a mother's love ! It breaks my heart to leave her in the troubles that's coming ; but I must, I must go and find my lady I There's something in my heart that tells me I must go 1' She turned from the window into the sumptuous apartment. All the rooms at the Towers were very quaint and grand, and. this one, chosen by Lady Neville was very largo, and gorgeously furnished in blue and gold. Just across was a suite of three, in pink, and white, and gold, which the earl had especially refurnished for his daughter, and beyond, gloomy and silent, was the great crimson state-chamber, the birth and bridal-room of the Strathspeys, closed and locked, and filled with haunt ing spectres. Janet Burns stood looking about her, the pale, flaxen hair pushed back from her brow, her heart filled with memories of days gone by. She half fancied she could see the countess as she looked in the early days of her happy wifehood, tripping through. the grand rooms, and filling them with music nnd sunshine. And now, where was she ? Shut up in a mad-house, or perhaps dead of a broken heart 1 The gril locked her hands in fierce determina tion, her oyes glowing beneath her frilled cap. ' I'll find her,' she said, ' if she's alive or dead — I'll find her, my dear, dear lndy!' . She turned to the Bilver and ebony toilet table, and began to gather up the costly trifles and put them in their respec tive places — jewels, and laces, and dainty gloves, and gold perfume flasks, and all the nameless paraphernalia of a fine lady's toilet. Presently she picked up a little mother of-pearl card case, and as she was in tho act of slipping it into a drawer, it fell from her hand, Bcattering its contents on the carpet at her feet. Janet gathered them up, pretty em bossed cards, all inscribed with noble names, and was returning them to the case, but one, coarser and larger than the rest, obstructed the closing of the lid. She drew.it out, and in so doing the printed names upon it arrested her atten tion. ' Milfred Grange, Private Asylum for the insane. Doctors J. T. Crane and George Mclntosh, managers.' For the moment she held it in hor hand, half unconscious of what it meant. Then the truth flashed upon her. She uttered a joyful cry : . ' Thank Heaven, I have found the clue at lost I' Meanwhile Lady Neville's carriage drove to the residence of Sir Varney Drummond. Sir Varney, as we omitted to Bay, had, in obedience io a whim of his wifo, taken a country mansion called 'The Firs,' right under the ahadow of the Scottish hills; and only an hour's drive from Strathspey Towers. Lidy Ceoilia had boon most cordially invited to Bpend tho Bpring months at the Towers, with Lady Neville;- but she took a fanny to have an establishment of her own, and poor old Varney gratified her, as lie did in ~ everything else, and now she was giving a ball at ' The Firs,' a kind of masquerade, to whioh all the surrounding magnates were invited. . The Earl of Strathspey was there, and also his hopeful son and heir, Lord Angus. '.. , ???? ?? ? Now, Lord Angus was a black sheep, but it does Hot follow that he was an ill looking one, or any the less a favorite with tho feminine portion of his acquaint ances. Men detested him, as they al ways do a rogue and a reprobate, no matter what might be ' their own private feelings ; but ladies, as a general rule, fancied him, for Lord Angus was hand some, after a fashion, and gracefully im pudent, and more than all ho was an earl in prospective. He opened the ball with Lady Cecilia and her ladyship never in all her life lookod more dazzling. The dance over, she sought thoourl, his fothor, and found him on the balustrade, staring out at the silent, starlit hills. 'Now;.mylord earl,' said the grace ful lady, laying a light hand on his arm ; ' is this complimentary 1 I invite you to my ball ; you come, and I find you out here star-gazing.' ' The earl turned and faced her, and his gloomy eyes brightened. Her sheeny robes and glinting jewels, \ . \ and her bright, bewitching face made such a picture ?' 'I beg your ladyship's pardon,' he said, ' but 1 am in no mood for gayety to-night ; yet,' ho added, gallantly, '? tho sight of you, like the sun, has driven away half my gloom already.' .'' Then let mo drive away tho other half/' sho said, gaily,' as she took his arm ; ' I'm not going to havo you sulking through tho ovoning. Come, we'll look in at my iluwers ; Sir Varney had them arranged only yesterday, and we'll got back to tho music-room in tim- for tho rodoiva, I opened the ball with your son, he's a charming dancer.' 'I am glad to hear it,' replied tho earl, bittorly, 'he needs to bo charming in something.' ' Wny, Lord Strathspey, for shame,' she cried, her wicked eyes dancing, ' he's very agreeablo, and a decidedly haudsumo young man, I'm sure.' 'I'm glad to hear it, Lady Cecilia,' replied the moody earl. ' Oh, you're ill-tempered, Lord Stmth spey,' she said, pettishly, ' and 1 don't allow gentlemen to bo cross with mo — what's the matter, what can I do to coin fort you ?' ' I am paBt being comforted, Lady Drummond I' They had entered tho greenhouse, and she turned from him an instant nnd broke off a cluster of creamy white rosebuds, which emitted a rave, sweet 'odor. ' Angus,' she said, returning to his fiidu again, with the fragrant cluster in her white fingers and her lovely, be wildering face all tremulous with tender emotion, 'Angus, have you quite for gotten tho old days when you and I were young together ? Don't you remember how you would come to me when you were vexed or troubled, and I always had power to soothe and comfort you? Let me be the same friend now, let me help and comfort you. ' Her pleading faoe.her tremulous.dulcet voice, the touch of her white hands as they clasped his arm, and the subtle odors of tho flowers, half bewildered the poor, remorse-stricken, sorrow-wearied nobleman. His cold heart thrilled at the mention of hiB youth. ' Ah me,' he sighed, mournfully ; ' if we could go baot to those days, Lady Cecilia, I might hope for health and comfort, but now— there's nothing for me hut despair and death.' 'You shall not say so, dear friohd,' the white hands tightening their clasp, the glowing face and melting' eyes draw ing nearer and nearer ; ' there's health and comfort yet. I know how it is ; I know all about this lonely, dreary, deso lation ' — her eyes filling with tears, that made them all the brighter, her red lips quivering— 'yet I won't give up to de spair. But oh, Angus,' she added, giv ing way to an outburst of passionate emotion, ' what a pity it is that we ever parted, you and I, we were such true friends and we were so happy ; and all these after days have been so unutterably miserable.' The earl gazed at her hidden face and drooping figure in utter amazement, and then his eyes, began to soften. It is hard for even a British peer to withstand the blandishments of a woman like my Lady Cecilia. 'I wiBh to Heaven we never had parted,' he burst out, scarcely conscious of what ho had Baid. 'If we never had, I should have been spared many an hour of shame and agony. She started, and brushed the ..ears from her cheeks. ' Oh, Lord Strathspey, 1 beg your par don,' she cried, with well-alfected inno cence. ' I don't know when I was so overcome ; pity for your sorrows stirred up my own. Let it pass and be forgotten, please. And now,' she continued, smil ing, with the tear-dropa on her long lashes, ' here are your pet roses'' setting the creamy cluster in his button-hole; 'you used' to love them long ago. You seo I remember all your fancies ; and now I am not going to have you moping one bit — you Bhall not, my lord I Your troubles are well over, and years of hap piness may yet be yours.' The earl shook his head, but she led him off through the dim, flowary aisles, at her very brighest, like an April day, after her momentary gloom. . Through the wilderness of blooming flowers, with the musical plash of foun tains, and the song of birds in his ears ; and more entrancing, more bewildering than all, with her white hands clasping his arm, her Bparkling face almoBt touch ing his shoulders, and her soft, sweet whispers soothing him, the Earl of Strathspey wandered, half forgetting his sorrows, half forgetting that fond, true heart that broke and bled in solitary con finement, and feeling the blood thrilling through his veins with something of its old fire and ardor. Lady Cecilia watched him, with exul tant glances, from beneath her raven lashes. The hour of hor triumph was at hand ; the hour for which she had planned and waited for half her life-time ; and now, at tho hist, when her revenge was almost within her grasp, her heart began to relent and soften, and the old girlish love, tho only love Bhe had ever known, to reassert itself. They returned to the ball-room in time for the rodowa, but Lord Strathspey de clined to dance. 'Tho honor of your hand is a groat temptation, Lady Drummond,' he said, gallantly, ' but for me to danco would be worse than mockery. I Bhall never dance again.' Lady Cecilia pouted and shrugged her pretty shoulders, and Lord Angus, chanc ing to pass near at tho moment, she cried out, wilfully : . ' My lord, your father is so very un gallant that he refuues to dance with mo, and here I stand without a partner.' The young man wan at her side in a twinkling. ' If your ladship will allow me the honor ?' he said, with a bow and a smile, as he proffered her Iub arm. She accepted it, slinking hor fan at the earl, and away they floated, as the instru ments broke out with a crash. Lord Strathspey stood and watched thorn with a hard, bitter look in his oyes. That son, for whose sake he had wrecked his own happiness, was a sore thorn in the floish to him, a humiliation and disgrace. Only a few months before he had paid out a anug little fortune to liquidate his debts, and every day brought some now atory of his dreadful dissipation and dis graoeful liaisonB. ' I wonder what marriage would do for him''',' the earl thought, as he followed him with moody, troubled oyes. 'A man of his calibre never reforms; his brutality and coarseness would break any woman's hrart. And he's my only son — tho lost one of all my noble race I Great heavonB, I wonder if the earth holds an other man so utterly accursed as lam 1' A troop of mnski'd figures were crowd ing past him, and all at once a voice rang in his ear like a trumpet, and again he heard tho fearful words which, years before, had predicted a felon's fate for his own son I The eailgrew ghastly white, gasped for breath, and after- one horrible, dizzy mum-.nt fell like a log to the floor. CHAPTER XXXVII. lady Cecilia's cuisie. It was late in May, and Lord Strath' epey had been lyinu ill at 'Tho Firs ' for it cuuplo of weeks. His malady was brain-fever, of a must aggravated typo, a!id the iuedic.il ni«n would not sutler liini to bo moved. Moreover, L'u-ly Druininoiid would not agree to it. He was one of her oldest friends, and she felt it n privilege to be. able to administer ui his wants, poor, -vifuluss man that he was I Tho earl was very ill, and ill imminent .lunger of death. The grave doctors u-iu-imd Lady Neville that she must be ]-' 0]-urcicl for tho worst. She and Lndy P- arl wore permanently established at 'The firs,' until the crisis of the di sease should be over. Sir Buyard Brompton had returned to London, and Lord Angus lived in solitary state at the Towors, riding over to Lady Drummond's every day, to learn how his father was progressing. At last there came a night when tho final crisis was at hand. The peer lay like a ghost upon his pillows, his breath coming in panting gasps, and the doctors, with grave faces, surrounded him. Lady Neville was on her knees in her own chamber, and poor little Pearl had aob bed herself into a troubled sleep ; but Lady Cecilia Drummond never left the sick man's pillow. She Btood and watched him with a kind of fascinated honor, counting each gasping breath, her hands locked, her white teeth set, her black eyes glittering. It was her work, and yet at that moment Bhe would freely have given the soul from her body to un do it. The tiny French clock on the mantel ticked away the laggard momenta, and the doctors stood like so many statues, scarcely seeming to breathe. Lady Cecilia's eyes never once left the white, death-stricken face. ' Oh, if he might live, if he might live,' was the one cry of her heart. She could not pray. She knew no God, ihe had no hope of heaven, this beautiful and high-born lady. All her hopes were centered in life 1 And in that terrible moment, all her love, fierce and selfish love it was, blazed up afresh in her heart, like a consuming fire. The little clock struck for midnight, and the doctors exchanged glances. For one moment their patient lay breathless, his eyes closed, his hands lying limp and white on the coverlid. Then there came a sudden, gasping sigh, the sealed eye lids fluttered, the labouring breathing subsided, and a gentle sleep fell upon the Biifforor like a benediction. 'He'll live,' said tho doctors, in a breath, ' the danger's past 1' Lady Cecilia uttered a cry of joy, and fled away to her own chamber to weep the passionate tears she could not re strain. Her paroxysm of emotion over, she flung the casement wide open, and sat down to reflect. All her mad, selfish, passionate nature was in a tumult, but supreme above every other feeling was her love, the love which neglect and coldness and time had failed to subdue. She had worked for her re venge upon this man who had played her false, and in the end, when her way was clear, she found the old love rising up, stronger even than her hate. She bared her queenly-head to the night winds, and raiBed her troubled gaze to the silent, atari ight sky, and let her thoughts rove back to those early days, when her hopes were bo bright. 'I could win him yet,' she said, at last, between her set teeth, 'I could wear the coronet I alwuys coveted, if I wen only fra'r She hissed the words ont in a kind of sibilant whisper, and her oyos wandered through an opun door into the chamber where poor old Sir Varney lay. A benig nant, generous old man, with a heart as tender and simple as a child's, and only one failing, his weak, indulging love for the woman who wa3 his wife. Her eyes wandered toward tho cham ber, full of passionate scorn and con tempt. She could see him lying on his couch, his silver hair streaming over the pillow and around his peaceful f nco. ' The old dotart !' she murmured, her fine lips curling. ' Will he live forever, I wonder? I married him for his gold — why can't he die now, and set me free — why can't ho ?' In the soft spring moonlight that streamed through the casement her face looked like the face of a beautiful fiend. 'I could win him. All things prosper with me. I could bo Countess of Strath spey yet, ifl toere only free I'. She littered the words in a kind of breathless way, and her fascinated gaze still sought Sir Variioy's chair her. Once in her mind, the horrible idea noemed to possess and control her. She arose softly, and crossed into the room on tiptoe. 'Strong and healthy— he'll live for ever !' sho uttered, gazing down upon the sleeping baronet's Tace ; 'and I nm bound to him. What a fool I was 1 Not even his gold and title were worth this. Why can't the old fool die ?' Once give way to a temptation and it haunts you to the end. Lady Drum inond's face grew white and set in the misty moonlight, nnd her eyes began to glitter with u baleful light. 'Why not?' she murmured, in a hoarse, sibilant whisper. 'Better wo men than I am have done as bid. I can't live on, fettored to an old dotard— I can't — / won't /' Tho passionato whispor half roused Sir Varney ; he turned on his pillow and murmured incoherently. She watched him with burning oyes till he relapsed into sleep ; then she crossed tho room and entered a small closet, fitted out like a cabinet, with innumerable rows of bottles on tho shelves. Ono of those sho selected — a tiny, slender vial, fillod with a whitish kind of mixture — and pulting it in her bosom, re-locked tho cabinet and returnod to the ohamber. Sir Vurney was stirring again, and slightly moaning, as if in pain. Presently he raisod himself to a sitting posturo, and his oyes fell upon his wifo. 022 ' Why, Cecilia!' he said, in the kind voice with which ho always addressed her; ' why are you up so late, child ? What's tho matter ? Is the earl worse ?' ' No ; he's hotter, Sir Varney.' ' Well, I'm truly glad. Cecilia, my lovo, would you mind bringing me a glass of wine? I have such a strango, unpleasant sensation I 1 must have had a rush of blood to the brain, orBomothing of tho kind.'' His wife arose with alacrity. She had hearkened to tho voioe of the tempter, and he was prompt to aid her. Hero was her opportunity. Shu crossed to the little table upon which the wino service stood, and turn ing her back upon her husband, poured out a glass ; then, without an instant's hesitation, sho drew tho little vial from her bosom, and . removing the cork, poured about half the whitish mixture into the wino. It was all done, and the vial ru- hiddnn in hvr bosom, in tho space of .1 breath. 'Will you drink it undiluted, Sir Varney?' she asked, nppnmching- the bed. ' Yes, my dear, I'll take it just so, I'm fueling mis.-rably weu.lt.' She, put thu glass in his hand, and ho drained it at a draught. ' Why, child, he taid, ' it has a bitter ish taste, or perhaps my tongue's fevered. There, that will do,' as she smoothed out hiB pillow. ' Thank you, my love, and I'm sorry to have troubled you. Go to bed now — please do. You'll be ill to morrow, and I don't like to seo my dar ling's cheeks pale.' She turned to leave him, and had half crossed the room, when he called her back. 'Cecilia,' he said, 'I'm foolish and childish to- night Won't you kiss me once before you go ? I believe if you do I shall ho able to sleep.' She turned back, and kissed him with out a word. ' My oeautiful darling, my own, own wife,' he murmured, stroking her head caressingly. ? She hurried from the bedside and out of the room, her face looking awfully white and horror-stricken. ' I am free — I am free,' she whis pered, in a dazed sort of way, as she entered her own apartment and locked herself in. (Tobeiontinutd.) 