GOOD OLD GHOSTS. The Ghostly Signal and the Phan tom Ploughman. Two capital ghost stories reach us from the other side of the Atlantic. The first Is Caoadian, the second couies from Pennsylvania. Last autamn there woe an accident on the Canada Atlantic Railway, near the station at St. Scbolaslique. A far mer named Brunei was walking along the track at about twelve o'clock at night, when the Ottawa express came along, struck him and threw his body 100 feet away, so horribly mangling It that portions were found in the branches of a clump of trees growing beside the track. There have been five different engineers of that train since theu, the last resigning only a few days ago. The reason given for (he resignations was that the clump of trees waB haunted, and that there were strange signals given there every night, which always stopped the train and then disappeared. The engineer who resigned last gives the following reasons for giving up his po sition. It's a ghost or something like it, and It has been the cause of four other engi neers asking to be transferred. I first saw the ghost one night two weeks 'ago. I had left St. SchoJastiqae, and was whooping her up, because I was a trifle late. I bad hardly got her going when I saw what seemed to be a red star floating in the air, perhaps a mile away, and ahead of me. It grew larger as I got nearer, and suddenly it struck me that the red star was a red lamp. Tet it was very' high in the air — too high, thought I, to be a signal. I noticed also that it apparently hovered over the clump of trees. As I got within 200 yards of the trees the red globe seemed tq jump across from the trees right over the track. This all took place in a shorter while than it takes me to tell it. I was startled. The light was undoubt edly that of a signal lamp, and hung directly In the way of the (Tain. I hadn't time to call the attention of my fireman to it before I was on top of it. Frightened and fearfnl that there was something the matter with the road, I whistled down brakes, shut off steam, put on the air brakes, and stopped the train. Everybody was startled. The conductor ran forward and asked what was the matter. I told him, and we started, back to investigate: There was nothing the matter with the road. There wasn't a house within half a mile of the place, nor could any footprints be discovered in the suow to show that aoybody had been in the neighbourhood. Now, up to that time I had never heard of the ghost, but I noticed that the 'conductor, George Welles, was strangely agitated, and the fireman looked scared. My next up trip was two nights later, and precisely the same phenomenon ap peared. I was scared this time. That t was supernatural I had no donbt, and despite an inclination to brave the ghostly warning and keep the train going my hands turned off the steam and put -on the air brakes almost mechanically. The conductor came forward as before. I explained exactly the same way, and we went on after failing to discover any reason why a danger signal should have been used at that particular point My fireman then told me that the apparition, ghost, or whatever it was, had been seen by four others, who had all got other shifts. They couldn't stand it. Neither could I — and here I am, laid off. In the north-western corner of .Lower Morion Township, Montgomery County, Pa., a great hnbbnb has been raised by a phantom farmer who is nightly seen ploughing in a field. The apparition was first discovered about the end of March by-a farm hand who was return ing late from courting. Emerging from a wooded pathway that skirted an old forest for miles, this rustic was startled to hear a sepulchral voice commanding a team to halt. lie looked in vain about the place for a moment or two, and was abont moving on again when the same Bound fell on his ear. A quiver crept over him as he heard the creaking of an uo-een harness, and bis terror was far from being allayed by the whinny of a horse almost directly before him. At that moment the new mooe stole over the neighbouring tree tops, and iu its misty light he plainly saw the phantom farmer. It was clearly outlined against the dark back- groond, and its two hands held in a steady grasp the projecting handles of a plough. Before it marched a pair of spirited horses, dimly outlined in the misty light, their heads erect and their eyes flashing Gre as they moved hastily along. The yoaug man waited another moment to reassure himself, and was about to take to his heels when plough man, horse, and plough suddenly van ished. Theu he, too, fled in wild alarm. At Sii&'s Brown's corner grocery on the night succeeding this, the young man, Albert Cooper by name, told this Btartiing story. The crowd adjourned to the alleged scene of the ghost's opera tions to verify or disprove Cooper's tale. They had not long to wait. Without the noises that had warned Cooper the night before, the phantom farmer ap peared before the eyes of the seven men who sat npon the fence, or to be mora accurate who almost fell from it in terror. His long white hair and beard streamed in the pasting wind. No hat' was upon his head, nor could any portion of his face be seen except the glistening eyes. These shot out from a height of more than seven feet from the ground, indicating the spectral granger was taller than the average of human kind. About his body, which could not well be traced, there was a phosphorescent glow which dazzled tha eyes of the terrified spectators and shone far ahead of the steadily moving horses. The plough he leaned on seemed of skeleton frame, but it tossed off the soft, moist earth as easily as a steamer turns the river waves. On he came, the horses seeming to exhale fire, their heads erect and arching, and foot falls as firm and clear as any the watchers ever heard. At the corner of the field they tamed obediently at a wordfrom their spectral driver, and again passed before the affrighted spec tators, who thereupon fled in haste. On the following morning a crowd of rustics determined to go to the field and Bee whether soy trace of the former conld be found. As they came in tight .of theendosure one of the number ex claimed in - astonishment : I'll be domed if tbe ibing doesn't plough, sore enough ' He was right. One-half of the field bad been gone over, evidently by no novioe. The furrows were not quite so broad as those made by an ordinary ploughman, bnt they were less ragged and more deep, and were as straight as the most experienced eye conld make them. A day or two after the same group went ont to view Hie fields again, and this time they found that the phantom had finished the work. The owner of the field was one of the number, and he took a solemn ' oath that he had not turned a sod in the enclosnre.- — Pall Mall Budget 