CORRESPONDENCE. THOSE UNANSWERED QUESTIONS. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE ALBUBY BANNEB. SIB,—In your last issue one of your protectionist correspondents, signing himself "Farmer," treats your readers to an absurd production which has to do duty as an argument on behalf of protection. He fails to show how the consumer is protected, and does not even attempt to show how the workingman iB protected, or how it is that protectionists complain of our markets being flooded (as they say) by articles manufactured by cheap labor in foreign protected countries, and how it is in the next breath that tbey say protection increases the price of labour. He says I have proved nothing in favor of free trade, and whilst denying the truth of what I say, like the rest of your protection correspondents, he does not support his denial by giving one single bit of reliable information; consequently the moment his statement are examined they scatter like dust before a wind-storm. Every statement I have made is supported by proof and founded upon information taken from the highest acknowledged official records, and I defy your correspondent, or any ooe else, to disprove anything I have said. Having good grounds for supposing that " Farmer" is in reality no farmer at all, and that he does not possess as much as a town allotment, I now challenge him to give his name. He states his intention of threshing this subject out with me in " the winter. ' If so, it is only fair that I should know who - my opponent is. If he is honest, and has the courage ol the opinions he expresses, he will not refuse this request. As lor your correspondent's attempt to show that protection will protect the consumer and producer (I am not forgetting he omits the working man), I feel sure there are not many of your readers so lamentably deficient in their reflective powers as to entertain his feeble and rotten—instead of "sound"—argument. In face of the open declarations of distress made by the Victorian farmers, their petitions for a bonus on wheat they export, reduced railway freights, and an increase of stock tax, how can your correspondent have the audacity to hold them up as an example of prosperity under protection beats me. As to what he says about Victorian farmers fourteen years ago having only 40 acres and now having S00 under crop, I don't think much of that example of prosperity. I can tell him that I know a farmer who had only 100 acres nnder crop in the Albury district 14 years ago, and now he is the owner of between 70,000 and 80,000 acres of purchased land, with about the same number of sheep, besides cattle, and must be worth clear of any liabilities £120,000. Your correspondent tries to make as believe that protection will knock all the Sydney importers and merchants out of existence. What an absurdity 1 Do not Melbourne, America, France, and Oermanv all boast ol their armies of merchants. Yet they are among the highest protected countries of the world. Instead of protection making trade and commerce thrive, as he states, it has the very opposite effect. It injures the commerce of any country where it is introduced, and hinders trade from following through its natural channels. It puts heavy taxes upon the necessaries of life and makes it harder for the poorer classes to obtain its luxuries, and whilst professedly aiming at the protection of industry it tends to destroy it. Some people unthinkingly clamour for protection, under the delusion that it will benefit the country, but those who do so are simply blindly following a will-o'-the-wisp light which is being dangled in front of them. Protection by shutting out our imports must at first raise the prices to the consumer, but the manufacturers' profits will soon attract the attention of capitalists, and he wili soon find himself exposed Jto competition on all sides. The first result 'is then to reduce wages in order to enable himself to undersell biB brother manufacturers with as little loss of profit as possible, and so on ; still as a result of over production the large manufacturer crushes out the smaller ones, who have to shnt up, and the cheap paid labor they have been employing is thrown out of employment; and monopoly thus having been established, wages are further reduced and prices inflated more than ever. One of the catch cries of the protectionists to the unthinking people is that " protection will stop the money from going out of the country." The recently-published returns of trade from America and Victoria serve to upset that delusion. The former, with all her greatness as a manufacturing nation, last year imported £100,000,000 more than she exported. The Victorians paid away £2 for imports for every £1 tbey received for exports. So much lor this horrible ghost. With regard to your correspondent's remarks about this season's deficiency of wheat, he endeavoured to show we are in such a bad condition for want of protection; but his attempt, as in the caBe of the consumer, is a miserable failure. There is not the least doubt that to know that Australia did not grow enough wheat last year to supply her people with bread is indeed a matter of grave concern; and also that the failure, which is the severest known for over SO years, represents a loss to oar farmers of half a million sterling. But at the same time it is an extremely fortunate thing that we have an open market, and that M a community we shall get our requirements probably cheaper than oar Victorian neigh- (wars, in spite of their earplae. Individually both the Victorian and South Australian farmer has sustained more loss this season ;than our farmer has done, and the reason for the surplns of wheat for export in our sister colonies is that they have a much larger area under crop; and when we bear in mind they are heavily taxed for everything they require, can it be wondered tbey find their burden too heavy to carry. Limited supplies have already increased the price of wheat in Victoria, and her protective tariff of 2s. per 1001b. will cost her consumers nothing short of £500,000 this year. The ports of New South Wales being open to the world to supply us, our consumers will enjoy cheaper bread than those of Victoria, whilst our farmers will get a better price for what wheat they have to sell, and in addition they will not have the same amount of taxes to pay. I have therefore clearly shown that our farmers will this year get a better price for their wheat than the Victorian farmers; that their losses are less, and that as they have not to suffer the cruel imposition of taxes, their condition, though not over prosperous this year, ie much better than their Victorian protected brethren. And I have, also, clearly shown that our consumers will enjoy cheaper bread than the Victorians, because there is no duty on wheat coming into the colony. Protectionists attribute every disadvantage we labor under to free trade, but they make a great error in doing so. Free trade is one of the very few redeeming features in our past legislature, and the only thing that has placed New South Wales in the leading position she occupies has been her freedom of commerce. Had she been laboring under protection for the last 20 years, as well as having to contend against bad land laws, drought, and scandalous mis-government, she would be one of the poorest colonies in the whole Australian group to-day. I will here point out that a great deal of her mis-government can be placed at the doors of some of our leading politicians, who, finding their misdemeanours recoiling upon themselves, have gone over to protection as a means of escape, and have accepted it as a cloak under which they may hide their infamy. They do.not care whether we have free trade or protection so long as they gain their selfish ends, for which purpose they would sell every man, woman, and child in the country. Trundler's excuse for Dibbs's deficit of £2,000,000 is that Dibbs left a good asset in land. I fancy we may thank some of Dibbs's lata colleagues more than Dibbs for that benefit; but anv way, if every piece of good legislation Dibbs performs costs the country £2,000,000, I fancy we should be better off when he is doing evil than when he is doing good. What we want in order to promote increase of population and settlement of fanners on the land under a sound basis is not protection, but a proper land law, giving people who wish to invest capital ia the public estate thorough security consistent with the rights of the people. This is the proper course to increase the farming industry and give employment to the laborer, and it is the only t-.ue course. It is a well acknowledged fact that far too much of the choicest land has been sold. Had only half been disposed of, and a proper system of leasing the Crown lands been adopted, more tegular revenue would have been derived, population more advantageously settled, the public estate better improved, and blackmailers and land sharks almost unknown. In conclusion, I may say it is no nse Protectionists trying to convert me unless they are able to use better arguments than your correspondents have done, and they may rest assured that I am not Buch a tool to write publicly in support of a question nnlesB I know perfectly well I can prove any statements I make, either by facts, figures, or statistics. Your restrictive monopolist, lowwages slavery, and taBk-master writers don't appear to recognise this; but it is a fact, and I can assure them I should not bother them only that feeling strongly as I do the injustice of the system of Protection, which if introduced will lead to nothing but disaster on every side, that I appeal to the commonsense and intelligence of your readers, and am perfectly willing to leave them to jndge for themselves.—Yours truly, ffi MANNING. Narandera, March 25th, 1889. 