THE DAY WILL. COME. . " By M. E. ERADDON. ' 'Author op "Lady Audlet's Secret," ' "Vixen," "Ishmael," "Like and Un- ,« like," "The Fatal Three," &c.;, &o.; Chapter - XI.— (Continued.) The letters were most of them trivial— letters front brother officers of tlio past — " very sorry to hear of his misfortunes," "regret inability to do more than the enclosed small cheque," " tlia numerous claims upon my purse render it im- possible for me to grant the loan requested, the usual variations upon the old tune in which a heavily taxed paterfamilias fences with the appeal of an unlucky acquaintance. They were such letters as are left by the portmanteau- full among tlio effects of the man who has lost self respect, or for whom the world has been too liard. Theodora put .aside all the correspondence after a brief gianoe, and there remained only four letters in the same strong, resolute hand, the hand of Reginald Strangway. The first in date was written on Army and Navy Club paper, and was addressed to Cap? tain Strangway, R.N., H. AI. ship the Cobra, Hong Kong. " Aly dear Fred, "Sorry to leave your letter so long un answered, but have been bothered about a great many things. My wife has been out of health for nearly a year. The doctors fear her chest is - affected, and tell me I ought to get her away from England before the winter. As things have been going, very badly with me for a long time I shall not be sorry to cut this beastly town, where the men who have made tlieir money, God knows how, are now upon the crest of the wave, and by their reckless expenditure have made it impossible for a man of small means to lire iu London — if ha wants to . live like a gentleman. Everything is twice as dear as it used to ba when I was a subaltern. Aly wife and I are pigging in two rooms on a second floor in Jormyn-streot. I live at my club, and she lives on her relatives, so that .we don't often have to sit down to a lodging boose dinner of burnt soles and greasy chops, but the whole busihess is wretched. She lias to go to parties in a four wheel cab, and I can hardly affprd the risk of a rubber. So I shall be uncommonly glad to cut it all, and settle in some out of the way place where we can live cheap and where the climate will suit Aiillicent. "Aly first idea was Algiers, but thing3 are still rattier unsettled there, as you know ; and Lambton, of the Guards, lias been shooting iu Corsica lately, and came home - with a glowing account of tiie climate and the cheapness of the inns, which are ronghish, but clean and . fairly comfortable ; so I have determined on Corsica. We shall bo within a day's sale of Nice, so not utterly out of reach, of civilisa tion, and wo can live there how we like, with out entertaining a mortal, and wear out our old clothes. . Aiillicent, who is fond of novelty, is in love. with the notion, and Dangerfield lias behaved very well to her, promising her an extra liundred.a year if wo will live quietly and keep out of debt, wiiich, considering he is as poor as Job, is not so bad. As formy creditors, they are pretty quiet since I got Aunt Belle's legacy, part of which I divided among 'em ns a sop to Cerberus, nnd they'll have to be' still quieter when I'm settled in Corsica. " O f course, you heard of that wretched woman's kicking over the traces altogether at last. God knows what will' become of her. I believe she had been carrying on rather badly for some time before Tom found out anything. . You know what an ass he is. However, he got hold of. a letter one. evening — met tho postman -at tha door and took her lotters along with, his own, and didn't like the look of one and opened it ; and -.then there was nn infernal row, and she just . put on her bonnet and shawl, walked out of the. house and called a cab and drove off. He followed in another cab, but it wns a foggy night, and lie lost her before she'd gone far. They were in lodgings in Essex-street, and it isn't easy for one cab to chase another in the Strand on; a foggy evening. She never went hack to him, and ho went nil over London denouncing her, naming first one man and then another, but without any definite idea as to who the real man was. The letter was only a couple of sentences in Italian, which Tom only knew by sigiit— but ho could see it was an appointment at a theatre, for the theatre and hour wore named. She snatched the tetter out of liis hand white they were quarrelling, lie told me, and chucked it into the fire, so he hasn't even the man's hnndwriting as evidence against him. It was a hand he. had never seen before, he says. However, if he wants to find her, no doubt he can do so, if he takes tlio trouble. I am soriy she should disgrace her family, and of course my wife feels tho scandal uncommonly hard upon her. I can't say that I feel any pity for Tom Darcy. She had led a wretched life with him ever sinco he sold out, and I don't muoh wonder at her being deuced glad to leave him. As it's Tom's business to shoot her lover, and not mine, I shan't mix myself np in the affair — and as for her, well, she has made her bed !" There was more in the letter, but the rest was of no interest to Theodore. The letter was dated 3rd January, 1851. Three of the remaining letters were from Cor- sica, and contained nothing of any significance. A fourth was written from Monte Carlo, iu answer to an nppeal for money, and the date was 12 years later than the first. It was a gloomy letter, tho tetter of a ruined man, who had drunk the eup of disappointment to the dregs. "To ask mo for help seems like a ghastly joke on your part. AVliatever your troubles may be, I fancy my look out is darker than yours. Aly wife.and I have, vegetated, on that accursed island for just n dozen years— it .seems like a lifetime, to look back upon. .. We just had enough to live upon .while ray father was alive, forbad as things were . at . Cheriton, he. eon- trivodto send me something. Now that he is gone, and the estate lias been sold by the mortgagees, ' there is nothing left for me— and we have been living ifor the last two. years upon the pittan'eo my poor Aliily gets ' from iier father. AVliatever your cares may be, y'oii don't know what it is to have a sick wife whose con- dition requires every luxury and indulgence, and to have barely enough for bread and cheese. If you were to see the house we live in—the tiled floors aud the dilapidated furniture— and the windows that won't shut — and the shutters that won't keep to, untl our two Corsican ser vants, who look like a brace of savages, though they.nre good creatures in the main— you would ' ' he the last nuin to howl about your own troubles to me. "I have been here a month, and with my usual diabolical luck. I am going home to morrow— though perhaps I should be wiser if r went up into tiie hills behind Monaco, aud put a bullet through my brains. AUfliieent would be no worse off, God lielp her; for she is,:-. entirely dependent on her father, and I am only an incubus— hut she might think herself worse off, poor soul, so 1 suppose I had better go home. ' " AVliat am I thinking about ? I can't afford to take refuge in the suicide's haven. Aly life is insured in the Imperial for £3000, and poor old Dangerfield has been paying the premium ever since I married liis daughter. . It would he too hard upon him if I shot myself." This wns the last tetter, and it was endorsed by the brother's liand. ..-. " Reginald's last lotter. I read in the TY-mes newspaper of his being drowned ntNice ten days afterwards." Theodore made a no,te of the dates of these tetters, and the name of the insurance office. Provided with these data it would he easy for him to verify' the -fact of Colonel Strangway'a death, and thus bring the history of the two sons of old Squire Strangway to its dismal close iu dust and darkness. And thus would be answered Junnita's strange suspicion of the house of Strangway, answered with an unswerablo answer. AVho can argue with Death ? Is not that at least the end ot all things—- the road that leads no whither? There remained for him only the task of tracing the erring daughter to her last resting place. Ibis would doubtless be more difficult as a runaway wife living under a false name, and in all probability going from place to place, was bkely to havo left but faint and unccrtnui indi cations of her existence. But the first part of his task had been almost .too easy. He felt that ho could take no credit for what ho had done, could expect no gratitude from .Tuauita. He thanked Airs. Strangway— alias Madame Loralie— for her politeness, and asked to ba allowed to offer her a £1Q note as a trifling acknowledgement of the favor she had dons liim. She ptpinptly accepted this offering, and was only the more convinced that there was "property" involved in the lawyer's researches. " If there is anything to come to me from any of relations, I hope nobody will try to keep me out of it," she said. "I hope they will remember that I gave him my last shilling, and nursed him when there wasn't many would have stayed in tlio room with him." Theodore reiterated his assurance that no question of money or inheritance was involved in his mission to the Island, and then bade the Captain's widow a respectful adieu, and threaded his way through tlio avenue of tables to the door, and out of the gnrlio charged atmosphere into the fresh autumnal air. He stayed one night in Jorsey, and loft at 11 o'clook next morning on board the Fanny, and slept jn his chambers in Ferret-court, after hav ing written a long letter to Juanita with a full accgunt of all that he had learnt from the lifis of the widow, and from the letters of the dead. 1 " I do not surrender my hope of finding the murderer," ho wrote finally, "but you must now agree with me that I must look olsewhero than among the remnants of the Strangway race. They pen prove nu unanswerable alibi — the grave." fle went to tho office f the Imperial next morning, saw tho secretary, and ascertained that the amount of tho policy , upon Colonel Strapgway'a life had been paid to Lady Milli- Cpnt Strangway, his widow, in April, 1863, after tho directors had received indisputable cvidcnco pf his death. ' ' I remember thp case perfeetly," said the SCQretary. . " The circumstances wcro peculiar, and there was a suspicion of suioidc, as the man hod j"st left Monte Carlo, and was known to have lost his last uupoiuon, after a most oxlraor- dinary run of luck. Thero was some idea of disputing tho claim ; but if he did make away with himself he had contrived to do it so oloverly that it would have beon uncommonly difficult to prove that his death was not an accident — more particularly as Lord Dangerfield brought an action against the steamboat company for wil ful negligence in regard to their gangway and deficient lighting. The policy was an old one, too, and so.it was decided not to litigate." ''There eould be no doubt us to tho identity of the man who was drowned at Nioo, I con clude?" "No, the question of identity was earofully gone into. Lord Dangerfield happened to be wintering at Cannes that year, and he heard of bis son-in-law's death in time to go over and identify the body before it was coffined. You know how quickly burial follows death in that part of the world, and thoro would have been no possibility of the widow getting over from Ajaccio before the funeral. "We had Lord Dan- "eifield's declaration that the body lie saw at Nice was the body of Colonel Strangway, and we paid the £3000 on that evidence. We have never had any reason to suspect error or foul play." CHAPTER XII. Thou takest not away, O Death J Thou strikest— absence perislieth, 1 mlitforence is no more ; The future brightens on our sight : For on the past hath fallen a light That tempts us to adore. While Juanita clung with feverish intensity to the hope of discovering lier husband's mur- dererer, Lord Cheriton seemed to bo gradually rasiguing himself to tho idea that the crime would go to swell the long list of undiscovered murders which he could recall within his own experience of life— crimes which had kept society expectant and on the alert for a month, and which had stimulated the pplipe to unwonted exertions, finally to sink intp oblivion, or to, be occasionally oited as an ' example pf the mysteriousness of human history. He had offered a large reward, he had brought ill liis own trained intelligence to bear upon the subject ; he had thought and brooded upon it by day and by night and the result had been nil. A hand had been stretched out of the darkness to slay an unoffending young man, in whose life his daughter's happiness had been bound up. That was the whole history of the murdpr. A siiot heard in tho night, a bullet _ fired out of the darkness with most true and fatal aim. Not one indication, not one suggestivo fact had- been discovered since tho night of tho murder. "It is hopeless," said Lord Cheriton, talking over the calamity with Mr. Scarsdalc, the Vicar of Cheriton and l'estwick, adjoining parishes; "thecrimo and tho motive of tho crime are alike inscrutable. If one could imagine a reason for the act it might he easier to get upon the track of the murderer ; but there is no reason that l ean conceive for such a deed. It lias been'suggested to mo that Sir Godfrey might have had a secret enemy — that his life might siot have been as spotless as we think — " , " I will answer for it that he was never guilty of a dishonorable action, that lie provoked no map's hatred by any unworthy act," interrupted the Vicar warmly. He had been curate at Mil- brook before ho got the Cheriton living, and had lived at the Priory and prepared Godfrey Car- miohapl for Eton, so he claimed the right to voucji fr th honor of the dead, " There never was a whiter soul in mortal clay," ho said. ' "I am inclined to estimate his character alnipst as highly as you," replied Lord Cheriton deliberately, "yet the straiglitest walker may inake on a false step — and there may have been sqme unfortunate entanglement at tho Univer sity pr in London — " " I wjlj never bejjeye it. Ho may have been tempted— ha way have yielded to temptation — but if be erred, be sure he atoned for liis error to tho uttermost of his power." " There are errors — seeming light to tlie steps that stumble— rwhieli cannot be atoned for." ''There was no such error in liis youth. I looked in his face on his wedding day,- Lord (Jheriton, and it was the face of a man of un blemished life — a man who need fear no ghost out of the dead past." " Well, you are right; I believe—and in that case the murder is motiveless — the murder of a madman — a madman so profoundly artful in his lunaoy' as to escape every eye. By heaven, I wish we had the old way of hunting sucli a quarry — and that a leash of bloodhounds could have been set loose upon bis track within an hour of the murder. They would have hunted him down — their instinct would have found him Skulking and shivering in his lair; and wc should have needed no astute detoctivo primed with all the traditions of Scotland Yard. It would have been swift, sudden justice — blood for blood. " His dark grey eyes shone witli an angry light as be walked up and down tho spacious floor of th# library, while the Vicar stood in front of the Sie, looking gravoly into his clerical hat, and without any suggestion to offer. "I hopt Lady Carmichaol is recovering her spirits," he siqid feebly, after a pause. "Sho is not Any happier than she was when her loss was a week old ; but she keeps up in a wonderful way. I believe she is sustained by some wild notion that tho murderer will ho found — that she will live to see her husband's death avenged. I doubt if at present she lias any other interest in life." "But let us hopo sho will be cheered by tho society of her husband's people. I hear that the Morningsides and tho CrenYilles are to be at the Priory in November." " Indeed ! I have heard nothing about it." " I was at Swanage yesterday afternoon, and took tea with Lady Jaue. She was full of praises of Lady Carmioliael's goodness, and her desire that all things at the Priory might be jast as they had been in Sir Godfrey's lifetime. His brothers-in-law used to bo invited for tho shooting in November, and they were to bo in vited this year, on condition that Lady Jane would help to entertain them, and Lady Jane has consented gladly. So there will be a large family party at the Priory on this side of Christmas," concluded tho Viaar. " I am glad to hear it," said Lord Cheriton. " Anything is better for her than solitude ; any occupation, if it he only rovising a bill of fure, or listening to feminine twaddle, is better for her than idleness." "Yes, there will he a houseful," pursued the Vioar, " Mrs. Gronvilie takes her nursery with ber wherever sho goes." "And Mrs. Morningsido is delighted to leave hers behind hor." "Yes, she is one of those mothers who are always telling people what paragons of nurses Providence has provided for their darlings, or bow admirably their children are being brought up by a model governess," said the Vicar, who was severe upon other people's neglect of duty.. " Byedbe-bye, talking of mothers, 2 believe 2. aw Mrs. Porter's daughter tho other day while I was in town. " You believe you saw lier ?" Yes, I-am not certain. A face flashed past me in the street one night, and when the face was gone it came upon me that it was Mercy Porter's eyes that looked at me for an instant in the gaslight. I was in ono of those crowded new neighborhoods on the Surrey side of Batter- sea-bridge, a wilderness of shabby streets. I had been to hear Vansittart preach a mission sermon at a ohuroh near Wandsworth, and I was walking back to Chelsea. It was late on a Saturday night, and tho road was full of costermongers' barrows, and tho pavement was crowdod with working people doing their marketing. I triod to overtako tho girl whose faco had startled me, hut it was no use. Silo had melted into the crowd. I went back tho wliolo length of tho street, hoping I might find hor in front of one of the coster's stalls ; but she must have turned into ono of the numerous sido streets, and it was hopeless to hunt for lier there. Yet I should liave-bcen very glad to get hold of her." "Is sho much changed ?" "Changed? Yes. It was only -the ghost of Mercy Porter that I saw I should not have known her but for her eyes. She had fine eyes, do you remember, and with a great deal of expression in them. I think I should be Bate in swearing to Mercy Porter's eyes." ' ' Did sho look poor or ill ?" " She looked both — but tho illness might be only hunger. She had that wan pinched look ono sees in the faces of the London poor, espe cially in the women'B faces." " Have you told hor mother ?" " No, I came to the conclusion that it would be giving the poor soul useless pain to tell her anything — having so little to tell. Sho knew yoars ago that Colonel Truimuno hud deserted his vietim, and that the girl had dropped through, God knows whore : into the abyss that swallows up handsome young womon who begin their careor in West End lodg ings and a hired brougham. If the mothor were to go in quest of ber, and bring her home here, it might ho only to bring shamo and misery upon lior deolining years. Tho creaturo may have fallen too low for the possibility of reformation, and the mother's last hours would bo darkened by hor sin. I would do much to rescue her — but I would rather try to save her through a stranger's help than by tho mother's intervention." Lord Cheriton continued his pacing to and fro, and did not appear particularly interested in tho case of Mercy Potter. He had beon much troubled by hor flight from Cheriton, for the seducer was his guest and his own familnr friend, and he had felt himself in somewise to blame for having brought such a man to Cheriton. Ho told himself that he would not have had Tremaino inside his house had his own daughter been out of the schoolroom ; and yet be had allowed tho man to cross the path of tho widow's only child, and to bring desolation and sorrow upon the woman whoso life he had in somewise taken under his protection. " There are people whose mission it is to hunt out that kind of misery," he said, after an interval of silence. "I hopo one of those good women will rescue Meroy Porter. I think you have been wise in saying nothing to tho mother. She has got over her trouble, and anything she might hear about tho girl would only be a re opening of old wounds. " " Sho is a wonderful woman," replied the Vioar; "I never saw such grief as her's when the girl ran away ; and yet within n.few months she had calmed down into the placid personage she has beon ever sinoe. She is a woman of very powerful mind. I sometimes wonder that even at her age sho can oontent herself with the monotonous lifo slio leads in that cottage." "Oil, bIio likes the place, I believe, and tbe life suits lier," said Lord Cheriton carelessly. " She had scon a good deal of trouble before sho came here, and this was a quiet haven for her after the storms of life. I am very sorry the daughter went wrong," he added gravely, and with a sudden oloud upon bis face. " That was a bitter blow ; and I shall never forgive myself for having brought that scoundrel Trcmaine here." " Ho is dead, is ho not?" "Yes, he was killed in Afghanistan six years ago. He was a good soldier though he was a bad man. I daresay he made liis being ordered off to India an excuse for leaving Mercy— left ber with a trifle of money, perhaps, and 'a promise of further remittances, and then let her drift. I told my lawyer to keep his eye upon her, if possible, and to establish her in some respectable calling if ever ho saw tho chance of doing so ; hut she eluded liirn somehow, as you know." "Yes, you told mo what you had done. It was like you to think even of so remote a claim upon your generosity." " Oh, sho belonged to Cheriton. I have cul tivated the patriarehdl feeling as much as I can. All who live upon my land are under my pro tection." "Lady Cheriton has been a good friend to Mrs. Porter too." " My wife is always kind." Juauita accepted her cousin's account of what lie had heard and read at St. Hellier's, as the closing of his researches in the history of the Strangways. The sister's death in a shabby exile remained to be traced; but there was no light to be expected there ; and Juanita felt that sho must now submit to surrender lier suporstition about that evil race. It was not from them the blow had come, tlie murderer had to be limited for in q wider range, and tho quest would be more difficult than sho had thought. She was not the less intent upon dis covery because of this difficulty. " I have all my lifo before me," she told her self,' " and I have nothing to live for but to see his murderer punished." It had been Juanita's especial desire that the Morningsides and the Grenvilles should bo in vited to the Priory just as they had been in Sir Godfrey's lifetime — that all the habits of the household should bo as he had willed tlicm when liis bodily presence was there among them, as lie was now in spirit, to Juanita's imagina tion. She thought of him every hour of tlie day, and in all things deferred to his opinions and ideas,, shaping the whole course of lier life to plcaso him who was lying in that dark resting place where there is lioither pain nor pleasure. When November came, however, and with it tlie troop of Grenvilles, nurses and nursery governess, and the Morningsides with valet and maid, it seemed to Juanita as if tho wild -com panions of Comus or a contingent from Bedlam had invaded the sober old Priory. Those loud voices in -tlie hall, that per-, petual running up and down and talk ing and laughing upon the staircase ; the everlasting opening and shutting of 'doors; the roll of carriage wheels driving up to the door a dozen times in a day ; the bustle and fuss and commotion which two cheerful families in rude health can contrive to make in a house where they feel themselves perfeetly at home- all these tilings were agonising to tbe mourner who had lived in silence and Bhadow from tho hour of her loss until now. Happily, however, Lady Jane was there to tako all tho burden off those weary shoulders ; and Lady Jane in the olmrapter of n grandmother was in her very fittest sphere. Between her ladyship and the housekeeper all arrangements were made, and every detail was attended to without inflicting the slightest trouble upon Juanita. "You shall see just as little of them alias you like, deaf," she said. "Yon can breakfast and lunch in your morning room, mid just come down to dinner when you feel equal to being witli us, and then you will see the darlings at dessert. I know they will cheer you, with their pretty little ways. Such loving pets as they are too, and so full of intelligence. Did I tell you what Johnnie said yesterday at lunch ?" . "Yes, dear Lady Jane, you did tell me; it was very funny," replied Juanita, witli a faint smile. She couhl not tell that adoring grandmother that the children were a burden to her, and that those intelligent speeches and delightful mis pronunciations of polysyllabic words which con vulsed parents and grandparent seemed to add perceptibly to lier own gloom. She pretended to be interested in Johnnie, and she martyrised herself every afternoon by showing Susio picture books, and explaining the pictures, or by telling Lucy her favorite Hans Anderson story, which never palled upon that young listener. " Don't you think you would like a new ono?" Juanita would ask. " No, no, not q now one— tho samo please. I want 'Tho Proud Darning Nocdie.' " So tho adventures of "Tho Proud Darning Ncedlo" had to be read or related as the case might be. Juanita took Lady Jane's advice and spent tho greater part of every day fh the pawning- room or library, that room which had been God frey's den. It was further from tlie staircase than any other sittingroom, and tlie clatter and tlie shrill voices were somewhat modified by distance. Tlie house party amused themselves after their heart's desire, and worked the horses with the true metro politan feeling that a horse is an animal designed for locomotion, and that he can't havo too much of it. Lady Jane was the most indul gent of deputy mistresses, and spent all break fast time in cutting Bandwiches of a particularly dainty kind for her sons-in-law, so that they might be sustained between the luxurious homo breakfast at 9 and the copious luncheon witii which the cart met the Bhooters somewhere about lialf-past 1. When the shooters had starter thoro were tho little Grenvilles to slave for ; and Lady Jane spoilt another half- hour in scoing them off , upon their morn ing constitutional, Lucy on her Shetland, and Johnnie, Susie and Godolphin on their short littlo legs, with groom and nurses in attendance. Thoro were so many wraps to be adjusted, so many injunctions to bo given to nurses and groom, so many little pocketB to bo filled with gingerbreads and queen cakes, ivhilo Sirs. Gronvillo looked on and protested against grandmamma's ' infraotion of hygienic rules. Dr. Dudley Drooco had snid that they must never cat between meals. Juanita rarely appeared boforo afternoon tea, when sho waB generally in her own particular easy chair by the fire, fenced round by a seven leaved Indian screen, which was big enough to include a couple of tables and a pouff, before tlie sisters- ia-law came in from their afternoon drive, or tlie shooters dropped in after their day in the woods. There wero no othor guests than the sisters and their husbands ; and it was an understood thing that no ono else should be asuqu, unless it wciu Lurd anu Lady Cheriton, the Dalbrooks from Dorchester, or Mr. Scars- dale. No "ono could have been sweeter than the young widow was to her visitors during tho hours she spont witli them, listening witli inex haustible patience to Ruth Granville's graphio account of tho measles as lately " taken " by lier whole brood, with all the after consequonces of tho malady, and the amount of ood livor oil and quinino consumed by each patient ; pre tending to be interested in Jessica Morningsido's perpotual disquisitions upon smart people and smart people's frocks ; and in every way per forming hor duty as a hostess. And yot George Gronvillo was not altogether satisfied. " I'll tell you what it is, Ruth," he said to liis wife ono night in tho luxurious privacy of tho good old-fashioned bedroom, seated on tho capacious sofa in front of tho monumental four-poster, with elaborately turned columns, richly moulded cornice, and heavy damask curtains ; the kind of bedstead for wbicli our ancestors gave fifty guineas, and for which no modern auctioneer can obtain a hid pf fifty shillings; " I'll tell you what it is, Ruth," re peated Mr, Gronvilie, frowning at the fire, " either your brother's widow gives herself con founded airs or there is something in the wind." "I'm afraid so, Georgo," replied his wife meekly, "You're afraid of what? Why the deuce can't you bo cohorent? Afraid of her airs — — " "I'm afraid there is — something in the wind," faltered the submissive lady. " I supposo it's the best thing that could happen to lier, poor girl, fora nursery will be an occupation for her mind, and prevent her brooding on her loss ; but this place would have been very nice for Johnnie all the same." "I should thiuk it would indeed, and bo ought not to bo swindled. out of it," said- Mr. Gronvilie, with a disgusted air. "I — I am sur prised at your sister-in-law ! I have always considered that there is a kind of indelicacy in q posthumous child. It may bo a prejudice on my part, but I have always felt a sort of revul sion when I have heard of such creatures," and Mr. Grenvillo curled his lordly acquilino nose, and made a wry face at the jovial fire, blazing hospitably, hoaped high with coals and wood, and roaring up towards the frosty sky. (To be continual). 