THE CHURCH OF OLD ENG LAND. Catholics, as a body, have not joined in the recent cry for the destruction of the Established Church, although with it, as an institution, they have no sympathy. But if they have been silent on the question of Disestablishment, they have not been able to hold their peace, when some Anglican champions have come forward with the statement that they are the rightful heirs of the Church of St Augustine, St. Thomas, and St. Anselm : of the Church of Fisher and of More. A more barefaced historical fraud could hardly be attempted, and it is not easy to see, how it is likely to benefit the cause in whose interest it is put forth ; for, like all other frauds, it is safe, sooner or later, to be found out, and the natural result will inevitably follow, that they who find they have been taken in, will come to look upon the ministry of those who have attempted to pass off this fraud upon them, as no better than their history — a delusion and a sham. The possession of a man's property does not constitute the possessor a mem ber of that man's family. The question of the former ownership of the old churches and endowments, rests on exactly the same footing as the question of the old estates, which were confiscated during the time of the penal laws. The old Catholic families still hold the title deeds. It is all very well for the present holders to say that they have possession, and will keep it, having a legal title created by so many years' prescription ; but if they were to rest their claim on the ground that they were the original owners, they would only expose them selves to ridicule. And so, with the churches and endowments. The charters of their foundations still exist ; they may be seen in great numbers in Dugdale's Monasticen and elsewhere, proving beyond question, that these things were given by what are now called professed Roman Catholics to the Church of which they were members. The Anglican Establish ment has here, not an inch of ground on which to stand, and nothing but the infatuation which goes before ruin, ought to be able to induce its defenders to take up a position which cannot stand for a moment, when brought face to face with the records of genuine history. Better no title at all, than a bad one, as such a title is evidence against, instead of in favour of, the possessor. The purpose of this paper, is to expose this delusion. For the sake of clearness, the subject will be divided into— (1) The British Period ; (2) The Anglo-Saxon Period ; (3) The Norman Period ; (4) The Tudor Period, and the so-called Reformation Period. 1.— THE BRITISH PERIOD. The religious history of England does not begin till the middle of the second century. Before that time, we have plenty of tradition, but very little that is trustworthy in the way of history. Gildas, the British historian, says that Christianity began to make its appearance before the year A.D., 61, i.e., before the time of Boadicea, but does not say how. Ten years after the death of Christ, the Romans came over for the first time, to make a permanent settlement under the Emperor Claudius. After some years of hard fighting, they got possession of the country, and made the British leader, Caractacus, prisoner. He was sent to Rome, in company with others, and amongst them, was a lady said to be his daughter, who was forced to take the name of Claudia, out of respect to the Emperor. This lady married a Roman senator named Pudens, who either, was already, or soon after, became a Christian, together with his wife. That they were intimate with St. Paul, is clear from his Second Epistle to Timothy (iv. 21), where he mentions them as sending their greeting. Tradition has it, that at their house, Caractacus met with Christian teachers, possibly with the Apostles Peter and Paul themselves, that he became a Christian himself, and was instrumental in having missioners sent to preach to his former subjects. It is even said, that he returned himself, when liberated on parole, to preach as an humble missioner to the country he had once ruled as a king. The fact that Christianity began to appear about the year A.D. 61, gives some colour to this conjecture. There can be no doubt, that among the Roman officers, magistrates and soldiers, there were many Christians. The faith had by this time, made great way in Rome, as is clear from St. Paul, when he writes to the Romans (i. 8), "Your faith is spoken of through out the whole world." Another interesting tradition, says that Joseph of Arimathea made his way to Britain, and settled at Glastonbury. Attached to the ruin of the Abbey, is the chapel of St. Joseph, where he is said to be buried : and for centuries was shown what was called the Glastonbury thorn, which was said to be nothing but the staff of St. Joseph, which he stuck into the ground, and which blossomed in the middle of winter, like another Aaron's rod, in proof of the Divine complacency. Certain it is that, explain it as we may, this thorn used to be in blossom soon after Christmas, as those who had cut tings can testify. This again is possible. We know that Lazarus, Martha, and Mary, settled at Marseilles, in France, and St. Joseph may have found his way to Britain, but there is no history to prove it. It is also suggested, that St. Paul, and even St. Peter, may have visited Britain, but the evidence adduced would prove just as easily, that they visited the Sandwich Islands. An appeal to Pope Clement, about A.D. 100, to settle some questions of ritual, is also spoken of. Gildas says, however, that the faith made but little progress among the natives, till the per secution of Diocletian, A.D. 303. The first trustworthy fact concerning the conversion of Britain, is given by the Ven. Bede, when he says : "In the year 156, from our Lord's Incarnation . . . Eleutherius, a holy man, being visited by the pontificate of the Roman Church, Lucius, King of Britain, sent him a letter praying to be made a Christian by an act of his authority — the object of which pious entreaty he shortly afterwards obtained — and the Britons have received the faith, kept it whole and undefiled, and in peace and quiet, till the time of Diocle tian the Emperor." Can any reason be suggested, why Lucius applied to Rome for guidance, instead of the flourishing Church of Gaul, except that he preferred to go to the acknowledged headquarters of Christianity ? In compliance with this request, SS. Fugatius and Damianus, were sent to Britain by the Pope, and, seeing that they were Papal emissaries, there can be little doubt as to the particular phase of religion they introduced. It was the faith of the Roman Church, including the doctrine of the supremacy of the Bishop of Rome, by Divine right, over the whole Church. A bold attempt has been made by certain Anglicans, to make out that the account of this Roman Mission, as given by Bede, is wholly fictitious, on the ground that the story solely rests upon the later form of the Catalogue Pontificum Roman orum, written A.D. 530, which inserts it, though it is not found in the earlier Catalogue : and hence the legend would seem to have originated in Rome, in the fifth or sixth century, and to have been by Bede, introduced into England in the eighth century. All this is of course, mere conjecture. It is on a par with Mr. Had dan's conjectures, to prove that June 11 was the date on which Barlow would seem to have been consecrated, a date which Stubbs has asserted in his Registrum Sacrum Anglicanum, as if the fact were established, although it has been since clearly proved, that Haddan's position is untenable. The answer also is obvious, viz., that there is no evidence to show that the existence of this later Catologue was known to Bede, or any one else in England ; that about this time, Britain began to be spoken of as having received the Christian faith, and that, if there was any connection between the later Catalo gue and Bede's narrative, it is far more likely, that the former was altered to embody the local tradition, than that the local tradition originated in a stray sentence in a Roman document. The Anglican, Collier, notices that from the days of Bede, there has been an unvarying tradition, that such was the chief origin of Christianity in Britain ; and Mr. Rees, in his Essays on the Welsh Saints, points out that, in the Sea of Landaff, churches are found dedicated to Rleirwg, Ddyfan, Ffagan, and Medway, ie., to Lucius and the early Roman missionaries. Moreover, the British observance of Easter, points in the same direction. "Up to the Council of Nice, the practice of the British har monized with that of the entire Western Church, i.e., with the Roman (Counc. of Arles, A.D. 314). The most ancient Roman table for Easter (in Bucherius Comment, in Victor. Can. Pasch. 252 sq.) tallies precisely with the British Easter ( Van der Hagen Observe. in Prosper. Chron. 336-354. De Rossi Inscriptt. Christian. Proleg. Ixxxvi)."* The difference of the Britons with St. Augustine, was that he was acting at variance with the customs that had previously come to them from Rome. "Even so late as A.D. 455," — say Haddan and Stubbs, "they followed the directions of Pope Leo the Great — A.D. 453 ix annus Pascha commutatur super diem Dominicum cum papa Leone Episcopo Romae, (Ann. Camp. ap. M. H. B. 830,) in a case wherein Rome and Alexandria temporarily differed (See Op. Leon. M. 1, 1055; ed. FF. Ballrini and Walter, Das alte Wales, p, 226, Bonn, 1859)." This proves clearly that, before the arrival of St. Augustine, the British Church was in communion with the Pope, and obeyed his authority. In the first Council of Arles, the residence of the Pope's Legate in Gaul (314), the British Church was represented by three the leading Bishops. These subscribed the decrees sent to Rome for approval, with a letter from the Fathers, to Pope Sylvester, in which occurs this passage : " We have thought it advisable not to confine our labour to the program me set before us. We have also thought of providing for our dioceses, in the presence of the Holy Ghost and His angels, certain regulations. But it is our opinion, that as you have a wider jurisdic tion, it is your duty to promulgate them to all the faithful." In the Council of Sardica (347), the British Bishops signed an address to Pope Julius, saying : "It will seem to be best and most proper, if the bishops from each particular province make reference to their head, that is to the seat of Peter the Apostle." When the Pelagian heresy broke out, we read that in 429, "Pope Celstine. Eccl Hist, 1. i. c. 4. This is also the account which the British Church gives its foundation in the Book of Llandaff, p. 310 and pp. 65 and 66, ed. 1840. See Haddan and Stubs' Councils, &c.;, pp. 24, 25, See Haddan and Stubs' Councils, c., p. 154. Haddan and Stubs' Councils., &c.;, p. 152, Note. Labbe, ii. 690. 