V THE EONHMAN.* A NRW SAGA. By IIALL CAINE, Author of “The D-*omstor," “A Sou of Ha^ar," , “ The Shadow ol' a Crime," etc., «te. CHAPTER IX (CONTINUKD.) TUB COMING OF JASON. mo two nrigllt UgiUS uiui, iuu mu vuaaui IU lior ruiu came from tho two littlo bays that lio unclor tho Maugliold Hoad. Tlio light in Port* .y-Vullin was in tlio hut of Stophon Orry, who. y-vuinn was in mo uui oi aiu^uuu »iu< had lit his lump and placed it in tho window when ho wont out to bid farewell to Michael Sunloeks, thinking no evil thereby to any man but only thut it would guide him homo again when ho aliould return to tho boat. Tlio light -in Port Luguo was from tho cottage of throo old’not weavers, who had lived there without woman or girl, or chick or child, through moro •tinin foity years. Two of tliroo wore brothers, Danny anu Jemmy Kowloy, both over seventy years old, and tlioir liousonmto, who was jiinoty, and had been a companion of their father, was known as Juan MacLady. •Danny and Jemmy still worked at the dooms your in year out, every working -looms ycill 111 ^ t-iu VJI.V, Utuij nutn hour of the day and night, and Juan, long past other labour, cooked and sowed and cleaned for thorn. All threo had grown dim of sight, and now groped about liko throe old earthworms. Hvcry year Jot'llvo VOUR past they had noodod an oxtrn catidlu to work by, no thut oi^ht billow tlij __wort Uy, Bn tllllt uiuuo wuw" “‘1' xnado in thoir own U-ou mould, swuim from tlio oiicn roof rultors ovor tlio meshes on that night when tho Fuvoiil struck on tho It was supper time, though old Dnimy mid old Jemmy wore still ut tho looms. OldJutui had washed out a howl of potatoes, tilled tho T>ot with them, hung them on tho chimney hook and stirrod tlio peats. Thou to niako thorn boil tho quicker ho had gono out with tho tongs to tlio side of tlio house for somo dry gorso from thogorso heap. While there ho had peered through tho darkness at tho bay for the light on Point of Ayro, ami had missed it, and on going back,lio lin’d said : “ It’s out again. That’s tlio third tnno m aido;n mouth. I’ll go bail somotbing will happen Ho had got no answer, and so sat down on tho rtlirco-lcggod stool to food tlio tiro with gorso lifted on tho tongs. When tlio potatoes had boiled, ho had carried thorn to tlio door to drain -them, and then with tho dick-clack of the lovers behind him, lio liad thought ho hom'd, ovor tho deep boom mid splash ■of tlio sea in front, a voico liko a cry. Going indoors lio bud said, “ Plague on tlio water-bailiif mull commissioners mul kays and councils. I’ll go bail thoro’s smuggling going onjumler tlioir very noses. I’d have tho law on tlio lot of thorn, so I would.” Old Danny and old Jammy know tho temper of tlioir liuuscmnto—that lio was novel- happy save when ho laid somebody to higgle with—so they jiaid no hood to his muttorings. But when Juan, having But tlio potatoes to stoam with a ra" spread ovor thorn, wout out for tlio salt herrings to wlioro tlioy liung to dry oil a stick against tlio sunny sido of tho‘ porch, lio was suro that above tho click of tlio lovers, tlio boom, and splash of tlio sea, and tliu wliistlo of the wind, lio could hoar a clamorous shout of many voices, liko a wild cry of distress. Then lie hobbled back with a wizened face of deathly pallor mid told wliat lio had hoard, and tho shuttles tvoro stopped, mid there wus a silcuco in the littlo house. .... ., ,, “ It wont by mo same ns tlio wind,” said old “Mnyho it was tlio nightman,” said old ^At^timt old Jemmy nodded his head very gravely, and old .Tumi hold on to tho lever handles; mid through those precious minutes when tlio crow of tlio schooner wore lighting in tlio grip of doatli in tlio darkness, tlioso three old'moil, tlioir nearest follow crontures, half deaf, half blind, wero hold in tlio grip of supor -ctitiotis fears. “ Thorn again,” cried oldJnan ; mid through tlio door that lio had loft open tlio sumo cry caino ill above roar of wind und Boa. “ It’s moil tlmt’o yaudor,” said old Jemmy. ”-Ay,” said oldDaimy. “Jiluybo it's a ship on tlio Carick,” Baid old ’’'“iot’s away and look,” Baid old Joiiimy. And thou tho throo helpless old men, tromhling und aiTriglitod, straining tlioir dim oyos to soo mid their deaf oars to hoar, and clinging to cacli other’s hands liko littlo children, groped tlioir slow way to tlio Loach. Down thcro tlio cries wero louder than tlioy laid boon oil tlio brows nbovo. “ Morey mo, let’s away to Laguo for tho boys,” said old Juan; und leaving boliiud them tho voices that cried for help, tlio old moil trudnod und stumhlod through tlio dark ^Laguo was asleep, hut tlio old moil knocked, ■and tlio windows wore opened mid night-capped heads thrust through. Very soon tlio house uml courtyard echoed with many footsteps, mid tho holt ovor the porch rang out through tho,night, to call up tho neighbours far and U<Boss and Stcau mid Thurston woro tlio first to roach tlio shore, uml tlioy found the crow of tlio Poveril landed—overv man safo mul Bound, but drenching wot with the water ho lmd passed through to buvu his life. Tho selioonor was still oil tlio Carick, much injured already, plunging with every hurling sou on to tho shouT beneath her, and going to pieces fast. And now that help seemed to bo no moro needed the people camo Hocking down in crowds—the Fairbrothorfl, with Greobu, and all their men and maids, Kano Wado tlio Mothodiet. with Clmlsey A’Killcy, who had boon sleeping a night at his house, Narv Crowe, and Matt Mylchrucst anil old Coobragh. And while Davy Kerrmsh shook the salt water from his Sou’wester, and growled out to thorn with an oath that they had boon a plaguoy long tuuo coining, and tho skipper bemoaned tho loss ot his amp, and tlio men of their kits, Chaise was down on his knees on tho beach, lifting up his crony, cracked voice in loud thanksgiving. At rthat tho growling ended, und then Asher l*iur hrothor, who hud been tho last to comp, invited the ahipbrokon inou to Luguo, and all togothor they turned to follow him. Just at that moment a cry-was heard above tho tumult of the sea. It was a wild shriek that scorned to ocho in tho lowering dome ol' tho .8ky. Grecba was tho first to hear it. “ Thuvo is someone loft on tho ship,1 she Tlio men stopped and lookod into each other’s faces ono by one. “ No,” said tho skippor, “ wo’ro all bore. ^ Theory was heard onoe moro ; it was a voico Of fearful agony. “ That’s from Port-y-Vulhn, said Asher I’oirhrother { and to Port-y-Vullin tlioy alt .hastoned off, following the way of tho beach. Thcro it wus easy to aeo from whence the cries .liad come. An open fishing boat wus labouring in tho heavy soa, nor atom half prancing liko .an unbroken horse, and her foro- part jammed between two horns of tho rock that forks out into tho sea from Maughold Hoad. She had clearly boon making for tho littlo bay, when alia lmd fallen foul of tho shoal that lies to tho north of it. Dark as tho night was,, tho soa and. sky woro lighter than tho black hoodlum!, and tlio figure of a man m itho .boat could bo soon very plainly. .Hd was trying to unship tho moat, that ho might lighten tho littlo craft and case her off. the horns that hold lior liko a vyco, but every .fresh wavo drovo hor head deeper into tho cl oft, and at each vain effort lio shouted again und again in rago and four. A boat was lying high and dry on tho shore. 'Two of tho Faii-brothera—Stcau und Thurstan —ran it into tlio water, jumped into it uml pushed off. But tho tide wus still making, tho sea was running high, a low ground swell was •scooping up tho shinglo and flinging it through the air liko sleet, and in an instant tuo boat was -cast back on tho shore. “No uso, man, •shouted many voices. But Grooba cried, “ Help, help, help !” olio floemod to bo beside herself with suspenso. Some vague fear, beyond tho .thought of a man’s life in peril seemed to possess hor. Did alio know wlmt it was Y She did not. She dared not fix hor mind upon it. Sho was afraul of hor own fear. But, low down within her, and ready at any moment to loaji to her throat, was tlio dim ghost ol a dread that ho who was in tho boat and in danger of his lifo on tho rock, might bo very near and dear to hor. With hor hood fallen back from hor head to hor shoulders, sho ran to and fro among tho men on tho beach, «?yiii*r, “ Ho will bo lost. Will no ono suvo im V” But tho other woman clung to tho men, and i men shook tlioir bonds und answered, “Hob st saving,” and “ Wo’vo got waves and [}dron looking to us,miss-—and what’s tlio uso throwing your lifo away?” Still tho girl cried “ Help,” and then a young low pushed through to wlioro sho stood, and id, “ Ho’s too noar for us to stand hero and a him die.” ' _ . “ Oh, God bless and keep you for ovor and or,” cried Grooba ; und, lifted conn lately out -all self-control, alio throw her arms irtit tho young man and kissed him for mtly oil tho, chock. It was Jason. Ho id found a ropo and coilod ono end ! it about his waist, and held tho All rights reserved. other otul in his hand. Tho touch of G reoba’a quivering lips hud boon us fire to him. “ Lay hold,” lia oriod, and throw tho looso cud of tho ropo to Thurstau Fuirbrothor. At tho next moment lio was breast-high in tho sou. Tho man must have aeon him coming, for the loud clamour ceased. “ Bravo lad,” said Greoba ill a (loop whisper. “ Bravo is it ? It’s mud, I’m calling it,” said old Davy. “ Who is it ?” said tho skipper. - “ Tho young Icclumlor,” said Davy. “ Not thu lad Jaaou ?” : “Aw, yea, though—Jason-—tho gawk, as they’ro saying. Poor lad, thefo'a a heart at Tho peoplo hold their breath. Greoba co vered her eyes with her hands and felt an Im pulse to scream. Wading with strong strides, and swimming with yot stronger strokes, .Tason reached tho bout. A few minutes afterwards ho was back on the shore, dragging the man after him. Tho man lay insensible in Jason’s arms, bleed ing from a wound in thu head. Greoba stooped quickly to peer into his face in tho dark- ; 11033, and then rose up and turned away with a sigh that was like a sigh of relief. I-Io’s dono for,” said Juson, putting him “ Who is ho V” cried a score of voices. “ God knows, Fetch a lantern,” said Jason. “ Sec, there’s a light in old Orry’s hut yonder• Let's away there with him. It will bo tho nearest place,” said Kuua Wudo, t , Thou shoulder high thoy raised tho in sonslblo man and earned him to Stephen Orry’s “What a weight hois?” said Kano Wade. “ Slip along, somebody, and got tho door opened.” ChahoA’Killcy ran on ahead. I il Where’s Stephen, to-night, that he’s notout 1 witli us at work same as tins ?” said Alutt Uyl chrecst. “ Ho’a been down hero all week,” puffed Nary In another minute Ghalso was knocking at the door, and calling loudly as ho knocked. “ Stephen, Stephen,Stephen Orry.” There came no answer, and ho knocked again and called yot louder. “Stephen, lot us in. Thoro’s a man here, But no otto stirred within tho house. “ He’s asleep,” said one. “ Stephen—Stephen Orry—Stephen Orry— wake up, man—can’t you hear 113 V Have yon no bowels, that you keop tho‘man out ?” “ lie’s not at homo—force tho door,” Kano Wado shouted. Ono blow was enough. Tho door was fas tened only by a hemp ropo wound round a hasp on tho outside, and it fell opon with a crash. Then tho nion with tho burden stuggorod into tho liouso. Thoy laid tho insensible man on tho floor, and thoro thu light of tho lamp that burned in tho window foil upon his “ Lord-a-massy,” thoy cried, “ it’s Stephen Orry hisself.” 