(Addilional to Previous Telegrams.) LONDON, MARCs 18. An action has been brought by Mr. Robert Dennis against Mr. J. Henniker HIeaton, the Conservative member for Canterbury. Tihe plaintiff claimed £500 for services rendered, and he alleged that, acting ii the capacity of private sec retary to Mr. Heaton between 1885 and 1888, he had written for him his speeches, certain articles in the National Rleview, letters published in The Times, and others addressed to tihe Postmaster-General, and the statement made by tir. Hleaton before the Colonial Conference held in London in 1887\. HIt asserted that he had in fact throughout been that gentleman's ghost. The case has been settled, Mr. HIeaton paying £.100 to the defendant for his services and the costs of the action, amounting to £200. An impression prevails in official circles that Prince Bismarck is agreeablo to Eng land becoming the mandatory power in Samoa. MAscsH 18. A crowdel meeting was held in St. James's Hall to-night as a nationalprotest against the Irish policy of the Govern ment, and more especially against the support given to The Times in connection with the Special Commission. Mr. John M1orley. Mr. Parnell, and many of the most prominent leaders of the Opposition were present. Mr. Morley, who was one of the speakers, announced that'it was his inten to submit the conduct of Sir Richard Webster, the Attoney-General, . to. the Iousoe of Commons on Monday next. The ofllicial price of copper has been' fixed at £40 10s, under contracts for one year. At the sitting of The Timses-Parnell Special Commission 'to-day, a witness named George Mulqueny deposed that the knives with which the Phlmnix Park murders were committed had been pre viously exhibited at the oflices of the League at Westminster. lie confirmed the statement that Mr. Parnell had paid £100 to Prank Byrne. Mancai 14. The Times declares that it awaits with perfect confidence the result of the impar tial and thorough enquiry into Parnellism which has taken place before the Special. Commission. At a public meeting held in London last night to protest against the treatment of Irish political prisoners, a messago was received from Mr. Gladstone declaring that he would endeavour un flinchingly to probe to the bottom the con nection which existed between the Govern meit and The Times- Parnell Special Com mission. Mr. Dawson, editor of the Charleston Neews, South Carolina, has been murdered by a doctor with whom he had a dispute. 