THE « INS " AND THE " OUTS." It is difficult to seo what good can be expected to ariso from tho courso taken in tho House Inst night by those members who prevented the passing of a temporary Supply Bill in the rnanner which Parliamentary precedent and common fair play both dictated. Nothing can como of it but the mere prolonga tion of the crisis. Wo assume that Mr. Duma has tho, unconditional promise of a dissolution, which, indeed, would bo his only justification for attempting to form a Ministry at all, as it would also be Lord Caiuiingtox's only justification for asking him to make the attempt. As wo have said before, tho now Ministry have como into office in a perfectly con stitutional way and as a consequence they aro entitled to expect all the im partial fairness of strict constitutional treatment. By a combination of mis chances and misguidances the Pamces side of tho IIouso 1m vo forfeited office and in tho ordinary way the vacant place lias reverted to the Opposition. Whether they shall retain it or, give it up is a question, as wo viow tho situa tion, that can now only bo rightly decided by tho voice of the oountry. Supposo tho obstructionists of last night succeed in carrying a voto re fusing supply to the incoming Ministry. A similar thing was suggostcd at tho last chnngo of Government, but Sir IIexuv Paukes told tho Houso tlmt supply or no supply it would have to face the people all the same. And tho clear probability is that tho withholding of supply would lmvo no different effect now. We cannot nt all events see any reason why it should unloss tho Gover nor justifies tho accusation of thoso. persons who bitterly complain that in commissioning Mr. Dines to form a Government .lio' lias playod tho leading role in a huge political fnrco. Suppose, thon, supply is refused nnd nn appeal is made to tho country with the civil scrvico unprovided for and tho work men's wages unpnid. That will givo no advantage to tho out-going party in the coming contest. It will on tho con trary bo a distinct disadvantage to have to fight against tho irritation of an army of unpaid civil servants. It is only becauso of this non-fulfil ment of duty on tho part >of 'tho out going Ministry that tho incoming Ministry are obliged' now to ask for a temporary Supply ; Bill at nil. This neglect to do awny with temporary Supply Bills and so restore to Parliament its long-lost control over expenditure is one of' tho things tli'o outgoing Ministry have to answer for. As futile as tho blocking of supply is tho attempt to stave off a dissolution by carrying a voto of no confidence in tho now Ministry. It has never been pre tended that that Ministry had the con fidence of tho IIouso. At any rate it takes office on the strength of no such pretension. If it attempted to exerciso any virtual function of leadership in tho present House then wo could recognise the immediate necessity of a no- confidonco voto being proposed, but until thon any such voto is a mere boating of tho poli tical air. It would liavo "about tho samo constitutional effect upon tho position of .tho Ministry — that is, of courso, assuming that Lord Oaiuunciton meant to act fairly by Mr. Diiins when com missioning him to try his hand at Cabinet-making — as a connon shot would upon a ghost's shadow. If tho now Ministry, after their formal instal lation in oiiico, asks for tho Houso's confidence, thon will bo tho time to refuse it. But tho House is entitled to know upon its assembling to-day whether or not Mr. Diisdb has an un conditional promise of dissolution. 