MISCELLANEOUS. Ths Queen is cross i*ith Prince Al bert Victor for hiring appeared at a ball during the first stage of Court mourning fox Prince Alexander of Hmh Joxl Smith, of Leominster, Mauachu eetta, at the conclusion of a speech in that town, recently, remarked:' I must go now,' and then fell dead upon the floor. Thx managers of a Pittsburg street ear line posted the following placard in their cars: * Whoever expectoratee in this car cannot expect to rate as a gentleman.' IlAAO Pitman, the shorthand author, is opposed to strong drink, tobacco, an imal food, vaccination and nobody knows how many things. In religion he i» a flwedsnborgian. A bot witness in the St. Leonards Court last weak was asked: • Where do bad boys go to when they die 1' He replied : • To the Presbyterian Ohuroh.' IT ii alleged that in the South Ger many a grain is grown called the ' Ein Horn,' said to be rust-proof. The Queensland Under-Secretary for Ag riculture has applied to the department of Agriculture of Wurtemburg to •upplied with a quantity of this grain for experimental purposes. A wbitie says that the best cure for mange in dogs is gunpowder mixed with vinegar. Gunpowder mixed with shot is just as effective and works quicker. , . A GtBL sued a man for breach of promise, and proved himself such a scoundrel that the Jury decided that •he ought to pay him something for not marrying her. A Fact.—(Chaplain of a loeal prison going his rounds, seeing prisoners on reception.) Chaplain—" Well, little man, what brought you here?" Pris oner—" Please, sir—a * bobby!" A Niggrr's Ikbtruotioits for put ling on a coat were: ' Fust de right arm ^ den de lef, and dsn gib one general cou vrulshnn.' Three things that never agree—two oats over one mouse, two wives in one home, and two lovers after one young lady. WOUAX has this great advantage over man—she proves her will in her life-time, whilst men is obliged to wait till he is dead. An Englishman in one of our towns was boasting of his country, end among the rest, he said, 'There are springs in our country where the most sparkling soda-watsr can be bad already prepar ed,'—* Why, that is nothing to a lake out West,' esid one of his hearers, with a perfectly and serious countenance: * there you can procure the most delio ious champagne, already bottled, and the banke are made of sponge ctke.'— American Paper. A Ooronbb in Arkansas, after em panneling his jury, said :—' Now then, gentlemen, you are to determine wheth er the deceased came to his death by accidence, by incidence, or by the hand of the incendiary." The verdict was that M the deceased came to his death by accidence, in the shape of a bowie knife.' A Tiaohrb wishing to explain to a little girl the manner in which the lob iter casts its shell when it has outgrown it said, " What do you do when you have outgrown your clothes ? You throw them aside, don't you V—1 Oh, no V replied the little one, ' we let out the iucxs I' A Baker was advertised1 That as all men need bread, he wishes the pub lic to know that he knead* it. He is desirous of feeding ell who are hungry, and hopes his good works may be in the mouth of every one. He is well disposed towards all men and the best bred people among ub will find him, he hopes, one of the best bread men is the city.' A Yakkk who recently returned from Newfoundland, says that ths fog is so thiok there thai he used to drive a nail in it to hang his hat on. A* author, ridiculing the idea of ghosts! asks how a dead man can get into a locked room ? Easy enough. With a skeleton key, A municipal candidate, whose prin cipal supporter! are tavern keepers and shoemakers, proudly allude! to them ai members of the bar and banch. Thii truth'■ by majority carried, 'Tin agreed on by men near and far ; Men are ovsrjuyed to get married, But more over-jawed when they are. No acidido in kisses lie ; Who would for honey kisses barter ? Yet when one comas to say 11 good-bye, * Then kisses are the cream of " ta, ta." When rowing past Twickenham eyot Be sure that yon keep^yoor boat streyot, For once go askew And it's all up with yew, Most terrible will be your feyot. " Is marriage a failure 7" This question I really can't answer,|I know ; However I bare a suggestion To make that I think apropos. 8ome say it's a failure most dismal,| Some says it's a blooming success ; Whereat in despair most abysmal I helplessly Bink, I confess. Now, while I don't wish to o'ertask you, Yet if, as some people have said, It is such a failure, I'd ask yon Why people continue to wed 7 ADVANTAG18 of ADVERTISING FOB A Wife.*—Mr. D. W. Clifford, a young gentleman living at Leavenworth, In diana rectntly advertised in the Louis ville Democrat for a wife. He writes to the editor that he ie thoroughly con vinced of the advantage! of advertising. He says he has received in answer to the advertisement eeven hundred and ninety- four letters, thirteen photos ef ladies, two gold finger rings, seventeen locks of hair, one copy of Ike Marvel's ' Reveries of a Bachelor,' one thimble and two dozen shirt buttons. He ought to be convinced. 