The Opera House. A good deal of interest was taken in the presentation of " Hamlet" at the Opera House on Saturday night. The play being billed for one night only, few expected anything like a satisfactory production as far as scenic effects wen conoerned. They wen not dis appointed. The mounting was slovenly and poor, as far as furnishing is conoerned, aad the eoenery, with the exception of the one set when the ghost of the murdered king reveals to Hamlet the crime, was unworthy of the Opera Soom. The principal interest on the part of 11m audience was in the Hamlet of ffr. Checks Warner. There is no character perhaps in flhakspearo's plays, whioh is mora attractive. Hamlet seems to be to the aspiring aotor what Lucia di Lammermoor is to the Gang ptimm ■ donna. Audiences frequently * -open each as affording respectively test of the quality of followers of the legitimate or lyric dream. Mr. Warner's performanoe was uneven; uaosft in two or three instances, it lacked power, and, oompared with reoent per formatms of the part in this city—aad suoh comparison is legitimate—it suffered con siderably. At times Mr. Warner was by no means aistiaot in his speech, and this to ths many who listen for every word of the gnat master's lines was a serious disappoint ment. Then wen occasions when a high degree of excellence was attained, but these tended to more distinctly mark the prevailing dnlness. Aa far as the other characters gene rally wen concerned, Mr. Warner was wall supported. Miss Ada Ward as the Queen was, in every way successful, and in the chamber scene with Hamlet, when the latter sees again his father's ghost, and when Polonius is ■lain, her acting was full of foroe, the olose being highly effective. Miss Warner was a graceful Ophelia, and in the lighter incidents of the mad scene she quite deserved the applause bestowed upon her, but the representation went no fur ther. The great grief, the grief whioh over comes the reason of Ophelia when she learns of her father's death, found no plaoe in the character as Miss Warner gave it. Mr. Herbert Hemming as Horatio played consistently throughout. The part of the Ghost, generally regarded as one of the most important of the play, was intrusted to Mr. Vincent, and he did nil justioe alike to the part and his own high reputation. As the player later on he was scarcely so successful. Mr. R. Stewart, jun., was a picturesque Laertes. Mr. Oily Deering •took ths parts of Polonius and the First Grave Digger, snd especially in the latter was very good indeed. As the King Mr. Marsh left ttle to be desired. The minor parts were filled by competent mombers of the oompany. In addition to the usual orohestral musio Mr. Seymour Dicker presided at the organ behind the scenes, the effect of the play being some what heightened thereby. Mr. Warner's oompany presented a double bill at the Opera House on Monday night. Tne attendanoe was very large in every part of the house, and amongst those present was the Chief Seoretary, the Hon. B. D. More head. The first part of the programme con sisted of Charles Reade's dramatisation of the story so beautifully and simply told in Tenny son's " Dora." The ending, however, is very different to that given by the poet, for Dora, instead of living " unmarried till her death," finds a husband in Luke Bloomfield, who havincr persuaded the stern old Farmer Allan to take nis grandson to his heart, is equally successful in inducing Dora to accept his offer of marriage. William Allan does not die as in the poem, bo that at the fall of the curtain all differences have been adjusted, and everyone is prepared "to live happy ever after." Mr. Charles Warner brought ont the stern, hard nature of the old farmer in a manner whioh really riveted the attention of the audience upon the play ; and the final scene, in whioh he forgives, was most pathetic Mr. Richard Stuart represented Wm. Allan, and Mr. Herbert Hemming, Luke Bloomfield. Miss Ada Ward, as Dora, was very clever and graceful; and Miss Grade Warner, as Mary Morrison, fully upheld the reputation she has brought to this colony. Master Fraser, as " Mary's child," acted well, considering his yonth. The pieoe, though short, is one whioh oontains a great deal of beauty, and the scenery representing "Christmas at Farmer Allan's," and "Reaping the Harvest" is very fine. This piece was followed by a farcical comedy, entitled "The Barrister," which engages the full strength of the com pany. Tne mode in whioh the plot is worked out resembles in a great degree a number of comedies of the same class, but the situations are laughable in the extreme. The whole action of the play revolves round the fortunes of a blaok bag unwittingly exchanged by Arthur Maxwell, a young barrister, while as sisting a lady in distress. His bag contains important law papers, bnt the lady's whioh he takes oontains mysterious articles of wearing apparel, and the result is three acts of intensely amusing embarrassment and confusion. The audience were kept in a state of laughter from beginning to end. The fan depends more upon the ludicrous situations than upon the dia logue. The proaramme was repeated on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. His Excellency the Governor wat present on Friday (last) night when "London Assurance" was played. 