OUR LADIES NEWS LETTER. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London, September 27, 1889. The English Prince[?] presented the Queen of Denmark with some pretty presents on the anniversary of her birthday. The Princess of Wales gave her mother a bracelet and a hand- tome fan, Prinotaa Viotona and (PrinoMS Maode of Wale* gave a gold brooch. The Prints of WftleaaeaAbu royal motbacio law a gold oaalwt aadwliiahed «tth geme. Too Oxarma'a birthday pceaeatto her motbac oam> priaed a diamond brooch, bandeome buoelet, and an umbrella with a watch in tba handle. The rojaJ f amiliea of EoKland and Rauia ■ecmtoenjof the qmot Ute aad theabamioe of royal splendor and atab> oereouMataa in the Daeuh coart. Ibcmigbty Emperor of Baanaj owing to watt of ipaoeiahia cojalfather-ia la*'« borne, waahee and dreaaea hiaualf in a nook thatJiaa to aerve aa hiawife'e bondonr and bw own ttndy at well. Alexander ITL daliirbta in abakur oft the aajeado* of faia exalted position, and beoonung aa be dosi on thcae ooaaakMW a. private gentteaua*. The Arcadian suoplicit* of the UanUb. otmrt, aa ooropared with Irspena] atate in Banian nalaoea, iaabo appreciated by the EarpraM of Romm. It h anid that abe and our belared Frmoeaa of Wwltm amasattansalTeab* playing toMther, or with tbair mother, dneta on the imlfmt'"« old piano on wbieh they took their fint none leaaona. The Dooben of Fife moat be missed by her grodmotber. Sbeatayedin Saolaiid in her own home, where abe haa been entertaining for the fixat time her father aad brother*. Madame A"*"" bad (he honor of winging be fore the Qoeen tX Balmonl but week, Her Kbjcety does not par Madamw Albam, bat j giree bar come littt* memento of her vUtt, wbiob ta aa annual one. The Qmm. it U nndentood, enterUini a peaonal regard for tbja deligbtfol voealisL Me Wolff alao ia a> favorite at court, and goes frequently to Windsor to play to the Qnaen, the Prinoese BeattioeottenaooonpanyinKtura. Her?oyal Poor WakieOollina win be greatly mused from the ranks of novelists. His works were alwaja read with interett, not only by hii country men and women, bat bis novels had bcra translated into many languages, whieb. 13 a sure teat of popolarity. One of wakieGoUina's earliest wotka,"Xne Woman in White," is generally eonaidered his best novel, an opinion shared by the author him self Mr. %■?""* Yates, who knear Wilkie j Collins, intimately, wv« he eoojrht relief from nervoncness by indulging in opuun to such an extent that tha doses were Luge enough to kill a " ship'ft crew Tuiatiffinstntnfld to the drag." The novelist was subject to gout, and often had to use bis pen when suffering great agony. When his brain was highly wrought be suffered from ballnninatitHis. It is said be once told a friend that when ab eolved in hi* work at midnight he was haunted Ly apparitions, acd by one ghost in partieolar. This was a fearful, shapeless, monster with eyes of fire and big green fangs. The appear ance of these creations of an overworked brain made the novelist throw down hU pen end make a precipitate departure from the etudy to bis bedroom, Withfeootcb ladies golf is as popular as cricket is in England. At St. Andrews, North Berwich, and serera!other bwadqnarters of the "royaland anrinnt game" golf tournaments ate the order of the day. •He Ist of November will witness a unique eemnony in Westminster Abbey, namely, the consecration of five bishops. Then lordships are, severally, the Bishops of Sydney, Travau care. Tomba (West Indies), and the Bishops of Derby and Beading. Mies Mary Anderson is vinting William Black, the novelist, at his reridenee in the Scottish Hie?>i«?*<\- She has quite recovered her health and spirits, and her geniality has quite won all Sootoh hearta. She may be fre quently seen walking, rowing, yachting, and visiting places of interest with Mr. Black's it is thought that she will not return to the stage for along time, aa it is her wish to have a long rest Some of Mr, Black's most charming novels are •'The Story of a Feather," "■WhiteWing*." "ADaughterol Beth,"and f Adventures of a House Boat," Toere are alto many others. Acoording to popular rumors the Grown Frineses Stephanie of Austria is not to marry a seaond beir apparent to the throne. Ie was currently reported that such a match w in ffpntflgip*ftf '"*i t the caid heir being, it waa affirmed, greatly enamored of his widowed cousin. It was well understood that the pro jected match was moat distasteful to the Smperor Francis Joseph, and it is jast pMsiule that the whole story waa a canard only. Now. it is told with some show of authenticity that the widowed arch-duchess a* the expiration of her year of mourning will espouse a rich Bun- | garian noble. We have heard that the prin ceas is proud, but never that she is ambitious, Frobabiy she haa discovered tha* happinw does «■«*«■«*? courts its habital, and trusts to find is private life (loiiiublhi poaco and love, the only case on which complete happineM erer Strangers and foreigners when visiting strange cities often miss seeing much that is iutaeating on aooount of their topographical ignorance, and by reason also of task of infor mation m relation to pasting events. To remedy thai MA Oourt Bureau and Fashionable Bfgistry Office" baa been opened in London, the promoters being none other than the Doebesses of Afaereora aad Cleveland, Mar-——^"—— of Ailesbory.tneOountesies of Cork and De Gfey, also Lady Claud Hamilton. The object is to facilitate com nrnrrimti"n betsmun visitors to London, by pnUianing every week a gazette of addresses and information in connection with forth- I coming event*. The srhwrnn ia an ezeeUent ' one, and doubtless will be much appreciated. I It might be carried out in otter large centres on the European Continent and elsewhere. The Wmum'i World, a magazine for the fair sex, aad edited by Oscar Wylde, only lived through its twelve months' probation. Those most interested in its issue are naturally moat bitter in their expression of vexation at the failure of the venture. See the following: — "The Womuaft World" was started with the idea that there were enough women of culture to support a really high-class magazine, whi could not find sufficient soul-satisfying read ing in the twaddly pages of the ordinary women's paper." The wnter than draws atten tion to the fiourithinff oonditioa of the Queen and the Laiiej Pictorial. The readers or con tributors to these serials wfll hardly feel flattered by the inference to be drawa from the above remarks. Strange accounts are current of the strains! relations which exut between certain royal personages. It is said that Prince Henry of Battenburg is the disturbing element in this case. Prinots* Beatrice's influence with her mother is paramount. Prmoflss Beatrice adores her hatband, and he through her governs tho Queen, his mother in law. T&e; Doke ot Fife it seems has been annoyed in some way by thj conduct of hia arrogant uncle by marriage. The hoaband of iPrinoesa Louise of Walei being an older man than hia near relative, and being, moreover, supported in ; bis quam-1 by bis lather in law, the Prince ot Wales, is not inclined to put up with the inter ference of Henry of Batttnburg. Ao element of discord, therefore, exuts arfaioh is not likely ! to be removed without much unpleasantness. Evidence of the royal domestio disturbance was (ten when at the recent ball given by the Duke and Xtachest cf Site at Near Mar Lodge, in honor of the Prince j of Wales none of the xttmbar* ot tfae j Coat at Balmoral were present. The Dake of | Edinburgh would not go, Frinoees Beatrice and \ Prince Henty were not aaked, and her Majesty i would not allow Princess Louise, Marohiosess of Lome, to attend. i The Queen is under the hands of a naueuu as a remedy from rheumatism, from which painful malady her Majesty and more than : one of her daughters sailer greatly. We who • have undergone the salutary rubbing' described as vuumge speculate enrionsly about this operation performed on the wacrod person of the soveseiga of this realm. To be effioacious a certain liberty of action on the part of tha naueuu is presupposed, aod suoh necessary freedom is ao inconsistent with the forms ob served in all approaches to the Queen's person ' that we wonder who is the medical rubber selected to perform this more than delicate operation. *? The Prince and Princess of Wales when tbev , leave Lte?Cark will go to vn.it the Duke ana ' Duobees ot Cumberland. They will then pro- \ ceed to Athens to witness the marriage between j their nephew, the Crown Prince of Greese, ; aod their niece. Princess Sophia of Prussia. : Tbe presents of the Queen (her grandmother) i to Princess Sophia includes the ineviUbe Cashmere shawl, a parure of diamonds, and a tea itrviee of old Derby china, with teapot of richly-chased aQver and sugar-basin of rock crystal. The fondness of Americans for diamonds is notorious; they wear them on .all and every occasion. The latest caprioe is to adorn bathing-dresses with these costly atones. Toe craze was initiated by a young woman who evolved the idea that her gems would be safer on her person than if left in the ba£hing-v*a. So the decorated herself with them; and, nata rftlly afraid lert Father Neptune should prove a thief, kept well ont of his reach, merely per mitting the foam of the sea to play around her extremities. In this manner the lady not only displayed her jewels, but a charming figure also, which her dainty bathing CJStunu expressed rather than concealed. Toe novelty ot the action attracted many, and now otber Airnican ladies, charitably supposed to ba anxious about the safety of their gems, are daily disporting on tbeaaoda with their orn* mrnta very much en evidence. It is caid Bustian ladies are greatly addict**! to the vice of gambling, and that many stako fottnnes on the east of a .single die. In Eag land a century ago women were uodjuatediy gamblers, but they v/in content witb amtller stakes. An t'ld retainer of the Futey fam-ly told roe that Lady Fuley anil a (rived, a-, a l*c*y, mo* btt *< Lt?vr «i:rb <?D th^ result *tf .i r?oe tclat'-n tw.. iutc<,;> ■•' 'U: -p^^ .k: ••. j m " wood lioe." The movement* or ooe of these not being aetrve enough to please the fair backet jnafooi?blj.ttwagbt to give it unpetas by.means ofapin. wUbttterMaltof eaaraetaat the creature at ooee assumed the forau of a b ?'.L So tie foolish rm n« won by tba rival inject, and the stake by iU backer. The increase of bald beads has incited so<na interested and curious persons to try to die com •> maaon-ot reason* for low of h*it. Among thece it it stated tbat toe diteaae U contagions. People who visit haudretsen •braid always take their own comba and brashes, and insiit on these being used sad no other, for it is swotted that the cause of bild new ii conveyed by mean* of thora implements if used promiscuously. Another theory U that the air ii tainted with gezmi of baldness, ?od that cats and dogs in certain hairdressers' ebopa an ace? to be Affected. The takiniagoldag* for mfliUry purpose* v being ptooteded with actively in the Austrian array, and it ii e*id aatitfactery retotta have bees obUiaad bj aonte of the regiment! in Bstnia. One of then soldier-dog, the other day carried ameuage over a diataneejof eight mOeaina?iiograodfireiiunate*. Anootdingto tbe tjaJBEiE, the belt dog* f o* wadike parpoeet are pointen. poodles and sheepdogs, Tbe edMatmi ooniuti in tmi?Ug tbedogt to carry iniiMimri mH ?mmTiii* i "Tj tognazd places and depoti, alto to perform ontpoat daty. Huty yens ago there apoeared • series of deieraituleae?titied "Tbe Girl of tbe Period." Ttey were matirieal mod not a, UUla •erexe also on tbe follies of young women who indulged na certain affectation* of dnaa and manner. The writer m Ma Lynn Lynton, the well known novelitf and essayist. TJoderthenomd* pram "Horatator,* this lady ii bow peomw a eerie* of couesponding artiofes witrtlwl " The Seven Agetot Women." Tha third *pp*ttt in the enrrent nnmber of Truth nnder the head of "The r>6baturte." R bw tfau pomrfal pM aase by way of final:—"Tbe loathsamea« wiih the coloHsal f ortane or the bigs-sonnding tide yields hiaueUpmaner to tbe has ■etiwifeU to make a wealthy marriage. From thu time onward ttie life of the d^baUnte is is like nothing so macD as that of the poor Hin doo widow on ber way to the funeral pyra—saTe that the Hindoo widow had both mareepiritoal exaltation in. her saerifiw and more personal shrinking from its performance. The tom-toms of society beat to drown any chance cry thtt rcay escape her. Congratulated on all sides for the wonderful caooeu that has crowned her fint reason, she does not confess even to herself the price she has to pay. Intoxicated with the in ceue of fUttery, bunded by toe dazzling splen dor of the gewgawe for which she v abont to barter all that U sacred in life and pracioa* in womanhood, she goes to the altar as her proto type went to tbe fnneralofber dead lord. The barren faith of the poor deluded Hindoo widow was a mblimer thing than tbe sordid enjoy ment of tbe scheming de'tmtante who in the flower of ber life and tbe first richnet* of her young beauty marries a man she does not love, acd perhaps abhors, for the sake of his money or bis risk. ' These be thy gods, O Israel,'and an unsatisfying and soul destroying eet of deities they are." 