|toi[th(p Sprttarji 8*w» PALMERSTON : SATURDAY JANUARY 26th. Rainfall for Week Ending Friday, 25th January, at 9 a.m., 0*240. The new Mining Act was ready for issue at this office on Monday last, and a large number of copies have already been disposed of The Act is printed in pamphlet form, and is issued at the moderate charge of one shilling. We regret to hear that Captain John Dunstan of the Mount Shoobridge Tin tnjeet has been laid up with a severe attack of fever, and that he will probably have to take a trip to Palmerston to recruit. Latest information from Mount Shoo- bridge states that the erection of the machinery is being pushed on rapidly, and that the whole of the crushing and con centrating plant will probably be completed during February. We ape glad to learn that the authorities have decided to erect a laundry at the Pal merston Hospital, the expense will not be great, and we trust that this unusual and spontaneous item of Government tiberality will not have to be made up for by any reduction in the salaries of our civil ser- vants. Ratepayers do not take much interest in District Council Elections, and although they admit a* a rale that the Council doe» good work, very few eligible candidates hunger after Municipal honours. An election for a councillor in place of Mr. R. A. Ker only brought ont one candidate (Mr. George McKeddie), who was declared duly elected, without opposition. Another discovery of tu bearing ore has this week been reported, and the prospector (Charles Clark) has applied for claims. From the few particulars we have been, able tQ glean, we learn that the surface show is a very large outcrop, and consists of quartz, mica, and felspar associated with oxide of tin. The new discovery is situated about five miles South-east of the Leviathan' Oahu, Bynoe Harbour. The large boiler for the Port Darwin Com- pany (the original Mount Wells prospectors) was carted Out from fhe railway line |o the tuinp by Auld's team, a lucky spell of dry weather being taken advantage of. It was a tnpst fortunate accident for the pro- prietors, as the country between Mount Wells and Burrundie is simply impassbale for heavy loads during the wet season. The balance of the machinery for stone breaking and crushing will be carted out to the mine without any avoidable delay. The large engine for the Flora Bell mine has been carted from Burrundie to the mine, and is now being placed in position. When the pumping machinery is completed tins undoubtedly valuable property will be still further developed. The manager (Mr. Remfry) is adopting a system wen worthy of imitation in this country, in insisting upon thoroughly opening up the property to a depth, and ascertaining the quantity and quality of ore available before allowing his Directors to expend large sums of money upon machinery. The Bill providing for the représentation of the Northern Territory by two members, which was passed by both Houses of Parlia- ment during last Session, has been reserve! fop the assent of Her Majesty, a mere formal matter, which became necessary owing to the fact that the measure providing for two additional members was an altération in the Constitution of the Colony. We mention this matter for the purpose of calling the attention of electors to the necessity for applying to haye their names taken off the rojl for the District of Flinders and placed upon the Electoral roll for the Northern Territory District. As voters mast be upon the roll for a period of six months, we hope our readers will be careful to exercise their rights, end see that their names have been placed upon fhe roll sufficiently long to enable them to vote at the first general election. The first crashing at the Ponntain Head Battery (10-beed) yielded 90 o*s. of gold from about 800 tons of stone put through. As a large portion of the stuff crushed con» sisted of hopperings and surface mullock, the proprietors are justified in considering this result satisfactory. During the next four weeks the Battery will be kept st work on stone from the large reef, which is expected^ toyj^i at the rate of lOdwta. of gold to the toni A result which would be considered thoroughly payable in Victoria, where they have large batteries and put through immense quantities of low class ore. We hope the day is not far distant when we Shall see mills of twenty, thirty, and forty head profitably employed in the Territory crushing, stone containing from five to eight pennyweights of gold to the ton, and we have little hesitation in asserting that there are millions of tons of stone easily mined only waiting for the érection of large and economically worked batteries, to give handsome returns to those who have the courage to invest their capital. Some months ago the Government decided that the passenger station should bo erected iu Cavenagh-square, but the moment public agitation upon the subject ceased, advantage is taken to put the station on the flat at the foot of Bennett-street, about the most in- convenient site which could possibly have been chosen. It is not even now sufficient that the authorities have succeeded in putting the station on a flat, where the stench of rotting vegetation from the mangroves is overpowering, but the station building itself is absolutely inadequate, in fact, a mere useless barn. The bonded store and goods sheds are upon the same magnificent scale, not half large enough even for present traffic, and this is in spite of the faut that has been pointed out to the Government, that free and bonded stores would not only be selfr supporting, but would return a handsome revenue in the shape of storage charges. H the Government cannot afford the funds to build suitable bonded and free ware- houses, there are plenty of private individu- als who would be glad to undertake the work, if they can obtain land upon which to .erect the necessary buildings. lu connection with our great Transcontinental railway, it is ludicrous to watch how thousands have been squandered in useless work, while* few hundreds required for absolutely necessary buildings are either refused, or grudgingly granted. The s.s. "Changsha" is reported from Thursday Island on Wednesday last, and may be expected to arrive at this port to day. Devotees of Sir Isaac Walton's pet craze, haye been well repaid for their patient labours in oar harbour this week, several townspeople have brought home splendid baskets of red schnapper and rock cod. Mr. D. Daniels has purchased the whole of the machinery and plant of the Delissa Sugar Company, and intends tt> utilize the engines, pumping gear, etc., for mining purposes. We are glad to learn from one of our valued correspondents at Pine Creek, that the Copperfield mine is being energetically worked, and that a good parcel of payable ore is being dressed for market. With the railway within easy reach of the mine, even low-cjaasore should pay. We hear that a rich leader hag been dis- covered upon No. 5 North Lady Alice, and qur informant describes the show as a perfect jeweller's shop. Deducting the usual discount for enthusiasm, we believe the stone now being raised will yield at least 10 ozs. to the ton. At a meeting of the Palmerston District Council, on Tuesday evening last, a resolu- tion was passed to the effect that the Coun- cil had been treated m a grossly discourteous manner by Mr. Little, and any repetition of suet, conduct should be officially reported to the Postmaster-General in Adelaide. The District Council and Board of Health have now a new code of by-laws, under consideration, and the general feeling of the Board is that the most stringent measures should be taken to prevent the pollution of the wells in the township, and enforce the most careful carrying out of aß regulations for improving the sanitary conation pf tiie district. The pearling lugger, now on the slips, which is being built for Captain Tucker, who seems fully alive to the fact that pearl- shell is to be obtained |n the vicinity of Port Darwin, is now qearing completion. The boat, when launched, witt be a very creditable piece of work, and will speak highly for a new local industry, and private enterprise. She measures 40 ft. overall, with a beam of about 14 ft, and a carrying capacity between 15 and It) tons, built principally of imported kauri pine. While on the subject of District Council matters we must again call tiie attention of the Council, or their responsible officer, to the last that hand carts, drays, and trollies are being driven over the footpaths every day, and the Council bye-laws are treated with niter contempt. If the Carrying Có.'s drivers, wnP have been frequently warned, Messrs. Allen ft Co.'s driver and others, cannot lind time to travel upon the roads which are kept in repair for their benefit, and persist in taking short cuts across private allotments and Council footpaths, tiie only way to teach "them a lesson is to issue summonses for the whole of them, and reach their memories through their pockets. The Overland Telegraph fine was inter- rupted on the Southern'section from tiie afternoon of the 32ad until tiie next day. If the abject of the S. A. Telegraphic authori- ties is tapley into the hands of Queensland and Western Australia, they are certainly doing their best, and the Overland Telegraph Une, with its half-dozen interruptions every season, will soon cease to be of any value to theeonununity. Pettifogging meanness pre- vents tile maiñtenanoe of a proper staff to keep the fine in order, and the result will be that South Australia will suddenly wake up and find that Europe, and what Mr. Little describes as the whole world, has found a smarter and more reliable track for their urgent ooamdnicatioas through the wires of our neighbouring colonies, Humour says that the local authorities are suspected of having designs upon w Bur- rundie Hospital, and that as soon as the railway construction work is completed, steps will be taken to close that very useful institution. We have not the slightest fear that any attempt to elose ti»e Hospital will be successful, for although the people of the Territory are slow, and long sunering, they will scarcely submit to any tyranny of that nature. It may, perhaps, be as well to fairly warn tile local authorities, from the Resident downwards, that any attempt te close Burrundie Hospital on the ground of economy; will only be met by the Press and people, of this country insisting that any necessary retrenchment shall commence at the top of the tree, and that reduction in hospital maintenance shall only be con- sidered after the salaries of tiie aereiep have first been judiciously pruned. The way in which our Government tries to encourage settlement is somewhat novel, j Six months ago we mentioned that unless the townships on the Une of railway were sur- veyed and offered for sabj before the Une passed each township, the result would not be sufficient to pay survey fees. AU the appeals of the Press have been ignored, and and even now, settlers who desire to invest their savings in the country, are hampered and annoyed in every possible way. As an instance of the way in which our best and most reliable men are driven out of the country, we may mention the case of. Mr. Charles Haimes, of the Adelaide River. This plucky littie settler has had men out cutting and carting timber with, which he intended to erect a first-class hotel at Hine Creek. The Government put off the earvey and sale of the town allotments indefinitely,, and the only reply Mr. Hahnes cea get to his request for a block of land, ia an official intimation that if he likes to build on any block of land he takes possession of, it will be the last submitted to auction, and what; ever is the highest price offered for any other block in the new township, will be the amount of upset priée put upon the block of land he has taken possession of. Mr. Haimes has. consequently given up all idea of building at Pine Creek, and made up his mind to quit w country where kona fide settlers receive sp little sympathy or en- couragement. The advisability of surveying the township before the railway reached it has been harped upon in both papers for months past, but no notice has been taken of our suggestions. We, like Mr. Haimes, are almost sick of pointing out necessary reforms here, and only regret that our interests are not in sufficiently portable form to permit of our aeUiog out as readily, and bidding farewell to a country which is expensively administrated, with the one object of drawing respectable monthly cheques. ft is reported that at the Evelcen mine a good lode has been found at the 110 ft. levé), eastern crosscut. We trust that the report, which is at present a merl rumour, in correct. Captain Richards is endeavouring to open this property in a n>iner*like way, and his efforts deserve success. The new Mining Act, although somewhat stringent in regard to the working clauses, will at least put a stop to the dummying of our mineral lands by absentees and local speculators, The revenue from licence fee* may fall off, but those who dp take up ground will understand that - they are ex.- * pected to do their share in developing it In our sub-leader in last week's issue, we mentioned that the exports Of staple produce from Port Darwin, for the year 1888, amounted to £85,989 ; this was, to soma extent erroneous, the actual products of the country exported only amoaatiag to 470^863, the balance of £15,198 being made op of railway plant re-shipped hy Messrs Millar Brothers, and English ead Foreign goods exported to Wyndham, As they are'the corrected figures bowing that '£7 worth of products have bean exported foi the year are extremely satisfactory. The Finniss River Tin Mine, about which Messrs. Rawlings, Davis, Christos and other experts simply rayed, has not tornad ont yute equal to expectations. The man- ager of the newly formed company fMr, Waters) has *mp\atiosly oondeefast?/the property, and asserts that the ^tstosiits published in reference to'the tame*** tia bearing lodes, irrrn nimply rfaagmajtil tn" ventions. This is a saiopk of tl^sortqf companies which tend to disgust capitalists and speculators with all jfforfejprn Territory investments. The Chinese sampaa, (baal at Doctor*« Gully, was moored alongside the Qalamn Jetty this wesk, where she coe^beiaspseted byti^oeewhoidfhe4toavaati)eoiselreé opportunity. From what wa could father,' the vessel, which is some 60 feet oretan, with a 12 ft bsai», and haying a cargo eepeeHy for ass In the coasting trade, r Ahfaong*the boat is vary roughly finished, and; 'ta* ajas* and tackle of aa exceeding primitive charac- ter, «he frill doubtless meet aD ti?e repair* meato of th>oiifneÍBB¿ . ; Í>. 5 Mr. Traboldt, the manager of the wsVeJahna origu^ypwWbyMe^r^Saunde^QieW Steven^ «4 Drf Weoô\ Wr*«a«*W| the miné, and aeeias tobe weU satisfied with the prospects of the sefo&uV; Withb«|t binding' himself to any deliberatety^dsfinitS) report he has no heritotfûo h} isaymg that he considers the property "good" ftiMÍgaf"'to expend money appa, and W- If-'now toffng to arrange for a7 trial, eaiamiag'aff IJatljafs at the Palmerston Ck^pew Mh^Cïi>pa^ SyoW' «ha^ehe^eri; w9 pf*W&* crushjmg plant on ti^gjpéusd, -l'-r <: Mr. B. O. Robinson, a very old of the Territory, who has spent t}*la«s] few years of his life 00 our ?|a«tera oeewt, al Port Bmingtonsao^Bowoav 8trafta/^lpsa^'Wa regret to say, been fiajraad' sovfsk« ftfeflp »»» China and Japan for tiw hia^t ssy-hsa health, wak* has hast very senes* ajsattsred by the hard life he has o lead, Mr, Robhw has basant**«-* mber getting, and trepang f ebfng, aajdhe« employed large parties of men in tiuVtraeH which hsa proved fairly remuneratira | hi fact, our plucky little piones» 1 snwfodona much in a quiet way to oetahBfb variosj« industries upoa oar eossjt, aajd Wkop^ soon \m?Vmr*i& -jhiaaf^lè^^Élaa thoreugWy renewed beaHaand "^im&'l* contmue hi« ussfal carear, spoken of by flhikespssie was as^^tngftjar illustrated than on Moodv k* ; It f Mfc iaeamnrahaaaifalB that any sana man in a ra>ponsjhU^B go out otMa way^aiWt^ discoorteout and cafló^' '^ officaTat*. beeAWIm^m^ meat can become. At 'IS^pS^of Cavenagh and B«naett amassa, a Mel* bourne sp »sunter -'hja^atarjaf* :oroct- à very respectaba row of slicft asrf^eose. plianee wH* the Ptotriet Coan«! By-kw« the buiHInl« are lo W ahaHtredaya ton fort vereadahV Unfortunately ft* al* peace of mind el the veraatOe ep|etrk»aisaiue » who atuu tile telegraph dapsrrmaàt; awe of the telegraph-pdete la Baalsiii asm* was erected en the pathway j and ftorassiiU was necessary, so as to allow of ti» »eranie being erected. The Clerk of the Dftttrict Council wrote a civtí official letts* toMr. little, requesting lum to have tha objection' able post moved a few feet, to-this no written reply was received, bat the gentle* man who received the communication had the impertinence to send the yardssan with a verbal message to the Clerk of ti* Goondi to the eftWtltattiMcwner of the allotment could erect the verandah W tft*jN»Ve3d when it suited the department it would be moved. The members of the Council having been accustomed to communicating with officials who imitated tile language and habits of gentlemen in their correspondence, were somewhat astonished at this new method of treating official letters, and immediately informed the Senior and In- specting Officer, that unless he removed the telegraph post 'rom the pathway, within twenty-four hours, the Council would do the work for him. Astonishment, horror, doubt, fear, and many other sentiments which at times agitate the human frame, have .baan frequently made the subject of-, clever pictures by some of our best artists, bat the combination of almost all these passions highly flavored with stupidity, has never yet received justice at the hands of any painter. The Clerk of the District Council stood stunned and speechless after delivering the official notice to Mr Uttie, while he fumed and raved like a worried buffalo. The overland line—that little wire—touch that the Council the whole of Australia is dependent on that little line Mr. Brown." After the violent stage abated, Mr. Little proceeded to look; at the peat, and at once paw that the work did not involve' an expense of more than ton shillings/ which be at OTU» fearlessly authorised witboutewa) referring to Mr. Todd, How much bettor would this poor, weak, impulsive creatare have appeared in the eyes of the pábilo who pay him, if he had courteously sub- mitted to the reasonable request of tha Council, without being forced into an action which his own senes saust toU him waa neofssary and proper, \- We learn from Mr. SubrCoUector Searcy Abat the Government has arranged for the «a. *.« Adelaide" to proceed to Cambridge Gulf to-morrow, examining the coast for Malay proas, from this port to Wyndham. We are in receipt of information from the Katherine that a man named Carmody was .drowned in attempting to cross the river, on his way"to Queensland. The particulars are so far extremely meagre, and like other /official items enveloped in a halo of mystery. \- '' The following is a fair specimen of "English as she is spoke" in the N.T. .The letter is a communication from a Chinese merchant, addressed to the Chairman of the Palmerston District Council, asking for {temission to " raise Cain " on the occasion .of one of their numerous festivals :-" Dear Sir,~Please give an order for to-night, 8 to -2 o'clock at morning to festival day of ghost superstition.-I am, Sir, your obliged ser- vant, 8ira Gas Lis ft Co., per T. Tong." 