.A Ghostly P?ump-handle. Talking of ghosts, said a friend of ours a few days ago, I will just tell you how" very. nearly I was once made a believer in them. The story is short, but it gives an additional' proof how cautious we should be' in investi gating every natural cause before having re course to the supernatural. It is not so long since I took a small, odd looking, and queer-shaped house, in one, of theEstlburbs. We had not been, in it a day. or.~two before my wife deolared it was haunted. The most uunaccountable noises, she said, occurred, at times and in places where there was no one to make them. Nothing had been seen yet, but I might de pend, added my wife, it would not be long before something happened. I confess we did hear strange sounds sometimes; but as - the -house is semi-detached, and I believe- abounds in - mice,, i I considered them fully accounted for. However, I was sitting quietly at home with my wife one afternoon, when she suddenly heard a slight scream from the neighborhood of the kitchen. In a few minutes :our cook entered, looking'very frightened, and hold ing her hand tight upon her left side.., - " If you please, 'm," with a gulp, " I wish to leave, 'm," with an injured sort of expres sion of countenance. "Why, Mary ? What is the matter ?' " Don't know, 'm. But I ain't been used to live in 'ouses where pumps works of their own will. I haven't done nothing wrong; and if a spirit comes here it isn't because of me, 'm. But I can't stay 'ere, 'm; and I wouldn't go into that back kitchen agen no, 'm, not if you was to give me £50, nor master either." "And I wish to leave too, 'm," broke in Jane, the housemaid; " for I can't stand it neither, mum." -" Why," said I, "what' ate you talking about, you silly women ? Pumps working of their own accord I What do you mean ?" "What I says, sir. And if you go you'll see it too. It haven't done yet. Ilcan hear it now." And, indeed, the slow creaking of the pump was plainly audible.. But cook here gave such alarming symptoms of approach. ing faints and hysterics that my wife was obliged to run for her smelling salts ; and so muttering some private opinions of my" own about pumps, I proceeded to the back kitchen. Well, I certainly .wasastounded. It was perfectly true.' Mysterious and awful sight I there was the hahdle of the pump swaying up and down, moved by no mortal band, an: water flowing from the spout I The motion was not violent; on the contrary, rather feeble, and so was the gush of water ; butiii stead of decreasing, it seemed to gain power, which was the more unaccountable. For a minute or two I did feel a little queer, with a nasty taste in my mouth, and a creeping along my spine, especially as a loud' crash resounded. from the kitchen, and made me start. That, however, I knew how to account for, and, recovering my presence of mind; I advanced and laid my hand lightly on.the handle.. It continued to move up and down I I pressed heavily, and it stopped. I removed my hand, and after a second or two, it began gently to rise again. Decidedly it was very: strange. But ghosts, indeed I Paslaw, fiddle sticks II said aloud, with more confidences I dare- say than I felt. I ,stooped down,; looked underneath the sink, and all about. No air-hole-ha ! no air-hole in the cylinder ? No; there was not: indeed. : :stood back and watched the phenomenon in a. kind of reverie. In about five minutes it stopped altogether; and though I tried several times, I could not renew it. I went back to my wife puzzled. " After all, it's quite .true. It's ridiculous why I could not discover the cause,.. Bt' send: Jane for Mr; Solder, the plumber; I:amn determined to find it out." Mr. Solder came, and.was put in possession' of the facts. He seemed amused= " Ah I sir, that bothered the lady as lived here afore you; and I. don't believe she` never half liked the house for it, sir, though I 'splained it to her. She always used to say the place was haunted, she and htr maid, too; and I think that is why she left. As for the tenant afore, I can't ay, Nr.-Orump, the landlord; he lived hire afore herr,"_ "But how is it, Mr. Solder -" I inter. rupted. " Well, sir, you see your house and the next has but one well ; and when the water's low, and they pump much out of it, it makes the water rise and fall, and then that sets the sucker of your pump goin', sir, and that lifts and sinks as the water do, and in course that makes the handle got up and doxn. That is how it is, sir." "But I didn't hear any, pumping. iMri Solder." "No, sir, p'raps"not. Their pump a'int exactly where yours ;is, and there's a good thick wall between you. 'But that's how it is, sir." !' So much forthe ghosts, iny love," said I, addressing mylwife.' As for the crash in the kitchen, our cat;, who is=-the greatest,thief among cats, had taken advantage of the coast being' clear to jump on the dresser, and in doing so had pulled.down the-knife-trayright upon him. self, as Iufterwards discovered, to my great . satisfaction, by the tenderness of his head and s cut on his left ear. I can say of this what can be said of very few ghost stories, at all events-it is perfectly true. 