MINE IS THINE. PART II.—CHAPTER VI. (CONTINUED) With plenty of bagpipes and yelling, it would be accepted as the familiar recreation of Scottish royalty in the days of Kenneth M'Al- pine. I myself, as 'The M'Wyedlale,' in a suitable targan invented by Poole—by that time appeased and an ally—" "Oh Tom, Tom! I begin to despair of you." "Well, Lucy, enough of sorrow. Let us, for the moment, cast this matrimonial physic to the dogs. Upon my honour, I'm in a very ugly corner, and will place myself in your hands, and will follow your advice, if you think you see your way out of it; yea, though the ??? matrimony should have to open for ??? for you, Lucy, my Lord of gates ??? a hard nut to crack. I me. But e??? Be mine, the Germistoune will be ??? his Prin- tell him off to you, of cou??? sweeter task to throw glamour over ??? ess of Thule,' if I can; and so— All hail, M'Wyedale! hail to thee, Thane of Duner- lacht! All hail, M'Wyedale! hail to thee, Thane of Fernie- had! All hail, M'Wyedale! that shalt be Pockmahalakin!— and here comes Frank, a la bonne heure. Well Frank, we've laid the ghost of Epicurus; and I've repented, reformed, and become practical. Lucy and I have been arranging a new scheme of life for your contrite brother- in-law. But of that to-morrow; and now let me have all the gossip. But first, by the by, about dinner?" "We've ordered it here at 7.30. Will you join us?" "I am here. Quis separabit? A capital speech, by the by, Frank, that of yours, on the Canadian Railway Guarantee business; quite to the point." "Oh, you read that?" "Read it? we all read it; for once your principles are mine." "I'm glad you liked it." "Oh, it was quite first-rate. By the by, about the wine here—avoid Rœderer's cham- pagne. I hope you haven't ordered that? It's spurious, and they always try to force it. "No, I hadn't ordered any champagne." "Lucky, by Jove! Then—experto crede— order 'Pomery and Greno,' vintage '65; that's the stuff for a legislator—and his connections. "You're an original, Tom, certainly," said Mr, Ravenhall; but he was mollified by the compliment to his speech, and the 'Pomery' was forthcoming. Tom, thus fortified, was pleased to be extremely amusing, and the party broke up at last on the must amiable terms. "I will call on the Germistonnes to-morrow," said his sister to Tom as they separated, "Goodnight, best of sisters! and, I am sure, of sisters-in-law to be," said Tom. 