To Correspondents. Pbxscilia.—Youtake my criticism too much, to heart. I am not ; i p i opinio^/ttiat ybu will never he capable of writing stories, y .or evennovOlBfitfor publication. By your own expres sion, yours was a disjointed and hurry-scurry attempt. Then. you must, have had your mind attentive to stereo typed plots. Abandon the attempt to follow old models, and speak out from your own mind, and above all, let your Endeavor be honestly worth the dignity of the work you: seek to produce. The very best writers I have known started with worse—far worse—emanations 'than yours. The faculty .of authorship is certainly $. gift, but without care tS u, and practice, it is at its very Best but rough quartz. Practice alone ean giveone the ■'* jgrip " :of one's mother* tongue, the true balance of ripe judgment, and the power to preserve'lull harmony in living ideate of conception. Tour other request has been duly attended to. •Honor to Whom Houoit, -is Dufe/'-HHavn immortalised the incident, at your - request. But bur Brisbane heroes do those sorts or things every .day and think nothing of it. That accounts for my having -passed over theglobally reoorded item. G. A.—(Cleveland)—Hanlan held the championship longer than Trickett. Ajax.—You can purohase the magnets you require from Flavelle &Roberts;,Queen-Btrfe'et, Brisbane. The .magnets are cheap enough—the three inch ones, one shilling each; two and a .half inch, tenpence each. The postage, how ever, willamount to 3s. 6d. to your part of the country, thus making total cost—in the oase of the three inch, 4s. 6d., and in that of the two and a half inch, 4s. 4d. "The Kiama Ghost/'—Several correspondents have asked me -what was the origin of the phrase, so often heard in New South Wales, " The Kiama Ghost/' The expressionarose soon after the attempt on the life of Prince Alfred, at Clontarf, near Sydney, by OTarrell, on 12th March, 1868. At that time, Fenianism was making a noise in the -world, and some self-opinionated quidnuncs traced a connection between Ifenianismand O Farreli's crime. This scare created an outburst of Orangeism.and nearly 400 Orange lodges were formed in New South Wales within a few * weeks. 8ir HeniyParkeB, who was then Colonial Secre tary, was also memberfor Kiama. Sir Henry took advan tage of the public excitement to indulge in rhetorical v mystery. In a speech which he delivered at Kiama he was.darkly oracular, and hinted that, if he chose, he could ; divulge terrible things. Quoth he," A new crime has been committed.", Everybody was agog to learn what this " new •crime" was. His political opponents constantly badgered and baited Irim, declaring that he was trying to scare the people by an unreal bogey, or ghost, Exasperated on one occasion to make some attempt at an explanation, he burst his own bubble by asking whether " the shooting of Princes" was not " a new crime "in the country. This gave the satirists a show, and they called Parkes' exploded terror thename of " The KiamaGhost." The name stuck, and since then, whenever a bogus scare has been started, it has naturally received the comment—" Here's another Kiama Ghost." Nostalgia, writesA Hospital Committee is holding a meeting. ; The ' outward correspondence ' has been ' adopted.' The 'inward correspondence' has been 'received,' the letters of such 'inward correspondence4 haying been dealt with seriatim. (1) Is it necessary to move and second a resolution 'adopting* the 'inward correspondence;? ' (2) If so, what is the usual form of pro . cedure ?. How ? cm correspondence be " adopted ? " Such a motion would' bis -meaningless. Even the the " outward correspondence " c&nnot; be " adopted," since it is sent in accordance -with some previous instruc tion of committee. It mightbe " approved of," but even that is unnecessaryj it is simply information placed on record. As for the "inward correspondence," the first general motion is,4'That such "ana such a letter be received." In case of an insulting letter there may be a motion, "That the letter be not received," or "That the letter be not recorded in the minutes." After letters have been "received," they are then dealt with seriatim according to their contents. Upon each a definite motion should be passed, such as—"Thkt the • Secretary be instructed to reply, &c.;'j or, " That the matter referred to in this letter be left in the hands of the chairman;" or, "Thatthe letter be referred, to"—some sub-committee: or," That the request contained in the letter be "—granted or refusedj or anything, in fact, that" fills the bill." But, as to "adopting" correspondence as a whole, or by part, such an idea has no practical meaning, and is, therefore . . absurd. • . 