iA/Peep at a Royal Trous ' V'' -: '''' ,'.seau. ?? '. ' ?., ??:'i- . ' (J (PBOM A LADY.'COBBESP'OKiDBNT.) i nri !i:i;- St: PETBKSBcma,'Jurie-8j 1889. -. JVisions of filmy laces; silks, embroideries, ?ibbons, satin's,- furs, and plushes, rise now lefore my. eyes aftor-ian. inspection of: the ;rdusseau of the Princess Royal of Greece, the wedding, present of the Empress : of Russia to her niece. ! ..-.'ii'! 1 ..?(.??:'.' , Two of the salons of -- the 1 Winter Palace were required to hold it, which iis nothing, lowever, to be wondered at' when one kemembers it has cosbbver^OO.OOO/roubles, about £30,0C0 of English inoriey'.,': ,.1 ?'.:' ? fin the: first Balori^ which happened)to-.be the 'famous White Salon^of the Palace— f Were arraneed all round theenormous trunks, bound in red morocco: leather with hand Bome brass mountings,' a-' royal present in the'mselves/which'were to.ihola'ithe; trous-' seauj and undera:white linen covering on- a side'' table wfere piled. *6h6 dainty/ pillows tO'be used byher-,Royal: Highness. These were!ull''8ize3 arid shapes; from the wide full-length - pillow toi'tlie charming little ghost'ofwpillbw-: about the size of- one's hand; which Russian-' ladies find it- impos- iible'to Bleep wjthout.iand which .rest' jnst ?uhder'''tbe ;e'arJ reaching' t'o'.abont .the middle of the cheeks iTheywerei'df eider down; Boner inan; unynmig 1 unvo ibiij ^before, and were enclosed in a slip of : the finest Chinese silk, of a perfectly delicious' shell-pink ' col- r —a color to; make- one dream' of 'ethereal clouds and the dawnr i 1. : .-. ?'Opposite1 those, on another table; in a, long.'Wiidled, satin-Hnod box of rjsewoo'd, were the furs — [i ! circular cloak of. mag-' nificerit black sable, faced 'with lioh ruby !velv6t:;'ab6a-of the same; which even when Itied'must' reach1 to the toes of her Royal Highness ;'anda' dainty: muff.' ??: ?: t riu-. \ 'Beside-th'ese were'thetravelling dressing- icWBes^oi silver,' one holding all the dozen.of tKflesnecessiry for a lad.y'8 toilet .with.a hdncisdme oval-shaped anirror reposing, on ithe blue velvet lining.'and' with 'a drawer , uriderneiith-which-when1 opened disclofeBdia toilet :bfl'sfn 'arid ajiig;' with the. numerous little. soap dishes; all of silver; the' second case containing the silver spirit lamp: for heating water,- a tsaand coffea pot, and hot water jugjallof silver. '? ' ' : 1. -.:.'? v'lnrthe!second-r6omj'' the famous Golden Salon whereHhelijmpress'.holds.her recep-. ticnsjiwerehll' the goWns, dresses, shoes, fariBi'underclothing, cloaks,' and mantles of' all descriptions.- ? '?' '; ? ?? i -?The first'gowri we ^looked 'at' was, . of jcourse, the all-important' wedding -oriel It'was simply dazz'ing. It was made, /of course, after the style of all Russian Court gowns, the entire tram, several yards long, : being of a wonderful cloth of silver manu factured at Moscow, and workea all over in silver also with a magnificent highly raised embroidery. It was cut low at the neck, with wide, long sleeves to the wrist, where they were narrowed, and fastened, being open,« however, from the shoulder to display the'iriside of'the arm the only relief to all this magnificence being a 'tiny ruching of: whites wansdown all round the slee_ves from the shoulders and nr.iund the bodice. 'Another Court gown quite on the same: pattern was of Royal blue velvet, and withi the same wonderful embroidery; only of gold roses and trails of leaves and buds, being heavily raised all over the entire velvet train and bodice. ? ;« Among1 -the ' evening ' gowns was one ' specially beautiful from Worth — a' pale salmon pink silk and tulle, with a'WonV1 derful arrangement oi asters' of the same hue and green leaves. One was quite ber wildered, in fact; over the gowns, for they , were of all hues and styles; the laces being especially handsome. A deep salmon pink I -with heavy ruchings bf silk frayed at ? the ?edges was very beautiful. So was another 'pink;- with' exquisite' tulle trimmings and pearl 'embroidery, nnd still another .'piuk of rich sheeny satin, made severely plain in the1 'front, with a baby bodice and wide sash of the same material as the dress, was quite lovely. On one iong rack reaching the enf'r! length of the salon were , arranged the petticoat3. I noticed two only of ; flannel,' one; a white one, being trimmed with two flounces of lace, and the other, a red one; embroidered after 'a Russian design1 in Royal blue silk. Then there were white silk and satin petticoats without end:; delicious petticoats in lawn,-;sqrne covered with laci, and ribbons, others with flounces and1 frills' of beautiful Valenciennes 'lace and the finest possible pleats and tucks, while other petticoats were of rich pale silks and'satins,' one beautiful one being of a beautiful crimson with coffee coloured lace.': ' ? ' '?-? ?'? '?'??;? ????/' ? The Princess herself supplies the bonnets and hats, .so these were not on view ; but on two.tables running along' two; sides of 'the salon were arranged quantities of beautiful undercarments,' all of whichiareof Russian manufacture. : Theae simply pass- desor.ip tion, the mere initials being' so .beautifully -embroidered ns to be. a work ; of; art inithem -Belvesr They .were., all made\of the finest lawn, and heavily trimmed. ' with, ^ lovely, Valenciennes — in fact,;;npthingir:co.uld' be more beautiful, or,; more..,.daintyr and.of everything there ,w,ere(adoze_n:do?en,i :everi tp; thevdreSsing; jackets, ?all..]3eing.iprna- mented with beautiful insertions of lace Tarid dainty T/i^tterfl/ '-knots' lof various coloured ribbons,, ? Clofe.b'y'were- exquisite' ' 'baskets lineil '1with'r'pale;'8atiri'' arid1 . laces, :alwllys-yalericiennes,'to: hold -these pretty gaTments;''- - '?' -?-?..-:- 1. ?...,. : ..f.. 1 1 A larga square table alone was requires ? J ?to hold. ' thei-Hloldst- endless-. varieties! of idainty silk stockings ;,.ithese wero of all ~ hues and patterns. -some extra- beautiful-) ones being ernbroiderediin:!gbld, others in silver, others in pearl,' while some pairs had beautiful insertions of lace, worked in over the'instep.1 ! ,. ??? j -?' '??:?? '. .. : ? On' another table were placed the shoes and gloves, both being in .endless profusion and variety^; but among all- the dainty satins and kids of all forms I noticed some pair's of strong high boots, with two soles together,' quite an inch thick, made on the pattern of those the Empress herself always wears at Gdtschina or Peterhof; or any other of the summer Palace* for walking. The gloves were of all lengths, and prmcipnlly kid many of the shorter ones being of a rich, deep tan color. ? The fnns and handkerchiefs, too, were all most lovely j in some long boxes close by these tied with white satin ribbons were ladies' corsets ; the one we chanced to open being of white satin; heavily trimmed with Valenciennes lace. ' 