A Hardy Norsemnan. BY EDNA LYALL, Artlet of ' Dmwss," "' Ie To." "' In IAe Glden D-r'," 'no-Ai.Ernt." '&r.; CHAPTER XVIII.--enliuerd. FOR the next day o" two Frithiof realised little. TI the surprise and I delight of all he slept almost incessantly, \iakii" otly to take food, to make sure that STgrid was with him, and to enjoya delicious sense of ease and relief. " He is out of the wood now," said Dr. t Morris, cheerfully. "You came just in I time, Miss Falck. But I will give you one piece of advice t if possible, stay in I England and make your home fith him. He ought not to be so much alone." "You think that he may have such an attack again ? " asked Sigrid, wistfully. t " No, I don't say that at all. He has a I wonderful constitution, and there is no reason why he should ever break down agaih. But he is more likely to get de pressed if he ls alone, and you will be t able to prevent his life from growing (i too MiOnotonous." So as she lived through those quiet j, days in the sick-room, Sigrid racked her brain to think of some way of making money, and searched, as so many women have done befo'eher, the columi?s of the newspapers, and made Ithitless inquiries u and wasted both time and money m the s attetmpt One day, Roy, coming in at t his usutal hour in the morning to relieve I1 guard, brought her a fat envelope which s he had found waiting for her in the halL n She opened it eagerly, and made a little s exclamation of disappointment and vexa tion. F " Anything wrong ? " he asked. d She began to laugh, though he fancied S he saw tears in her eyes. " Oh," she said, o ' it seems so ridiculous When I had been n expecting such great things from it. You H know I have been trying to hear of work w in London, and there was an advertise mnent in the paper which said that two a pounds a week might easily be realised tl either by men or women without inter- h feringwith their present occupations,and it that all particulars would be given on w the receipt of eighteenpence. So I sent ft the money, and here is a wretched alu mninium pencil in return, and I am to B make this two pounds a week by getting I orders for them." The absurdity of the wh?le thing fa struck hermore forcibly, nti she laughed et again more merrilyr Roy laughed too. in "Have ,ou made any other attempts ?" w he Asked, flt 't Oh,yes," said Sigrid, "1I began to try in Norway, and even attempted a story and sent it to one of our best novelists "W ell," she said, smiling, "he wrote Ia back very kindly1 btit said that he could not conscientiously recommend anyone wi to write stories whose sole idea in taking u up the profession was the making of th money. ly conscience pricked me there and so I never tried Writing again and foi never wil Then the other day I wrote de to another place which advertised, and R got hack a stupid bundle of embroidery so patterns. It is mere waste of in'sby answering these things. They say women n can earn a guinea a tithe for shaving F poodes, but yo see I have no experi- , ence in poedles," and she laughed tr merrily. E Roy sat musing over the perplexities c of ordinary life. Here was he with more money than he knew what to 1do with, and here was the woman he loved strnig- it gling in vain to earn a fewshillings. Yet the mere fact that he worshipped her h made him chivalrously tareful to avoid laying her under any obligation. As far c as possible he would serve bet, but in this vital question o money it seemed ) that he could only stand aside and watch her efforts. Nor did he dare to confess the truth to her as yet, for he perceived t quite plainly that she Wax absorbed in Ftlhiof, and could not possibly for some time to come be free even to consider her own personal life. Clearlyat present ahe tegarded him with that frank friendli hess which he remembered well at Bal holm, and in his helpfulness had discerned nothing that need be const~ued as the attentions of a lover. After all he was her brother's sole friend in England, and it was natural enough that he should do all that he could do for them. "My father and mother come home to-night," he said at length, "and if you will allow me I will ask them if they know ofanything likely to suit you. Cecil will be very anxious to meet you again. Don't you think you might go for a drive with her to-morrow afternoon? I would be here with your brother." " Oh, I should so like to meet her again," said Sigrid, "we all liked her so much last summer. I don't feel that I really know her at all yet, for she is not very easy to know, but she interested me iust because of that." " I don't think anyone can know Cecil who has not lived with her," said Roy, li she is so very reserved." "Yes; at first I thought she was just gentle and quiet without very much character, but one day when we were 1 out together we tried to get some branches of willow. They were so stiff to break that I lazily gave up, but she held on to hers with a strong look in her face which quite startled me, and said, 'I can't be beaten just by a branch.'" "That is Cecil all over," said Roy, smiling; "she never would let anything daunt her. May I tell her that you will see her to-morrow?" Sigrid gladly assented, and the next day both Mrs. Boniface and Cecil drove to the little house at VauxhalL Roy brought Sigrid down to the carriage, and with a very happy satisfied feeling intro duced her to his mother and watched the warm meeting with Cecil. " I can't think what would have become of Frithiof if it had not been for all your kindness," said Sigrid. ." Your son has practically saved his life, I am sure, by taking care of him through this illness." "And the worst is over now, I hope," said Mrs. Boniface. "That is such a comfort." At the first moment Sigrid had fallen in love with the sweet-natured, motherly old lady, and now she opened all her heart to her, and they discussed the sad cause of Frithiofs breakdown, and talked of past days in Norway, and of the future that lay before him, Cecil listening with that absolute command of countenance which betokens a strong nature, and her companions little dreaming that their words, though eagerly heard, were likeso many sword-thrusts to her. The neat brougham of the successful tradesman might have seemed prosaic enough, and an unlikely place in which to find any romance, but, -nevertheless, the three occupants, with their joys and sorrows, their hopes and fears, were each living out an absorbing life story. For every heart has its own romance, and whether living in the fierce glare of a palace, in the whirl of society, in a quiet London suburb, or in an East-end court, it is all the same. The details differ, the acces sories are strangely different, but the love, sa which is the great mainspring of life, is so precisely the same all the world over. to "What makes me so miserable," said hu Sigrid, "is to feel that his life is, as it dt we, over, though he is so young; it has heen spoiled and ruined for him when he de is but one-and-twenty." wh "But the very fact of his being so the young seems to me to give hope that the brighter things are in store for him,"said cot Mrs. Boniface. "I do not think so," said Sigrid. nm "That girl has taken something from g him which can never come again ; it does ma not seem to mle possible that a man can love like that twice in a lifetime." I'm "Perhaps not just in that way," said the Mrs. Boniface. of "Add besides," said Sigrid, "what girl would care to tAke suich love as he might " pl now be able to give ? I am sure nothing prm would induce me to accept any secondary the love of that kind." She spoke as a perfectly heart-whole Soc girl, frankly and unreservedly. And what she said was true. She never could have any been satisfied with less than the whole; Soc it was her nature to exact much I she to c could love very devotedly, but she Wtould pra jealously deiand an tqual devotion in you returth. reli NO\W tecil was of a wholly different all type. Already love had taken possession mat of her, it had stolen into her heart almost ares unconsciously and had brought grave quit shadows into her quiet life, shadows cast thos by the sorrow of another. Her notion of tact love was simply freedom to love and at a serve; to give her this freedom there must of course be true love on the other givi side, but of its kind or of its degree she can would never trouble herself to think. For already her love was so pure and alm deep that it reidered her almost selfless. only Sigrid's speech troubled her for a minute fai or two; if one girl could speak so, why havy not all girls ? Was she perhaps less truly pass womanly that she thought less of what friet was owing to herself? won It may be so," she admittedt yet with troh alatent consciousness that. so infinilte a to I thing as love could not be bound by any If n hard and fast rules. "But I cannot help inde t, Whether it is womanly or not I the would die to give him the least real com- H ort" BIon " Tell Hatris to stop, Cecil," said Mrs. kne Boniface. "We will get soiht grapes for the SIr. Faltk." not And glad to escape from the carriage the or a minute, and glad, too, to be of use inju ven in such a far-off way, Cecil went it h; nto the fruiterer's, returning before long awa vith a beautiful basket of grapes and last lowers. not Stat CItAP ER It X. "BEE what I have brought you," said ligrid, reeneitering the sick-room a little uter on. Frithiof took the basket.and looked, ith A leas'u'e which a few .weeks ago tlld have heed impossible to him, at he lovetly flowers and fruit. "You have conie just at the riht ms -, sr he'will insist on talking orall the .eepest things in heaven and earth,') said toy, " and this makes a good diver 'They are from Mrs. Boniface. Is it tot kind of her? And do you know, Frithiof, she and Dr. Morris have been Haking quite a deep plot; they want to ransplant us bodily to Rowan Tree House, and Dr. Morris thinks thef AmDtM could do you no harm how that you Are gettin? bette." His fa'ce lighted up 'vilti soihething of its former exnressios. "itv s ort ld like never to see this iasefdl. roos againl " he exclaimed. "Youdon't knowowow I detest it. The old ghosts seem to haunt It still. There is nothing that I can bear to looeak at except your picture of Bergen, which has done me more than one good turn." Sigrid, partly to keep him from talking too much, partlybecause she always liked to tell people of that little act of kindness, gave Roy the history of the picture, and Frithiof lay niuslhg over the curious relative power of kindness and cruelty, and was obliged, though somewhat reluc tantly, to admit to himself that a very slight act of kindness certainly did exert an enormous and unthought of influ enCe. Physical disorder had had much to do with the black view of life which he had held for the last few months, but now that the climax had been gahed and fst had Wit been forced upon him his very exhauistioh thi and helplessness enabled hint to see a an side of life which had never before been visible to him, He was very much o0 softened by all that he had been thiough. to It seemed that while the events of the les past year had einbittered and hardened in{ him, this complete break dorsn of bodily wi strength had brought back something of an his old nature. The bright enjoyment his of mere existence could of course never is return to him, but still, notwithstanding he the scar of his old "'ound, there came ca to him during those days of his conva lecsence a sense of keen pleasure in "I Sigrid's presence, in his gradually return- to ing strength, and In the countless little jo 1 acts of kindness which everybody showed : him. The change to Rowan Tree House to t seemed to work wonders in him. The de house had always charmed him, and the 1 recollection of the first time he had th entered it, using it as a shelter from the di storm of life, much as Roy and Cecil had used his father's house as a shelter from tt t the drenchingmrain of Bergen; returned to s5 t him again and again through the quiet weeks that followed. The past year it looked now to him like a nightmare to a Ic e man who has awakened in broad day y light. It seemed to him that he was I d lying at thethreshold of a new life; worn ii and tired with the old life it was true, yet b we with a gradually increasing interest in what lay beyond, and a perception that v re therewere many things of which he had i tas yet but the very faintest notion. Y s Sigrid told him all the details of her y life in Norway since they had last seen I each other, of her refusal of Torvald SLundgren, of her relations with her aunt, i a of the early morning on Hjerlkinshi. And her story touched him. When, I °n stirred by all that had happened into un ly wonted earnestness, she owned to him I er that after that moming on the mountain I ad everythinghadseemedifferent, hedidnot,. I ed as he would once have done, laughingly re change the subject, or say that religion I was all very well for women. c . tIt was justas if I had worn acrape er veil all my life,0 she said looking up from dr her work for a moment with those clear so blue, practical eyesof hers. "And up et there on the mountain it seemed as if an some one had lifted it quite away." nd Her wordsstirred withinhimanuneasy ny sense of loss, a vague desire which he ee had once or twice felt before. He was es, quite silent for some time, lying back g dly in his chair and watching her as she ty worked. er "Sigrid!" he said at last, with a sup. in pressed eagerness in his voice, "Sigrid, on you won't go back again to Norvay and all leave me?" :"No, dear, I will never leave you," she said, warmly. "I will try to find some t s sort of work. To-night I mean to talk to Mr. Boniface about it Surely in this f 1 huge place there must be something I can t td." v " It is its very hugeness that makes one t1 despair," said Frithiof. "Good God I p what I went through last autumn ! And r there are thousands in the same plight, it t thousands who would work if only they o I could meet with employment." " Discussing the vexed question of the p unemployed ?" said Mr. Boniface, enter- I ing the room in time to hear this last re- tt smark. 51 "Yes," said Sigrid, sniling. "Though d I'm a wretched foreigner come to swell their slumber. Butwhatcan bethecause al of such distress. tz "I think it is this," said Mr. Boniface, "population goes on increasing, but is practical Christianity does not increase at h the same rate." w "Are you what they call a Christian al Socialist ?" asked Sigrid. bi " No; I am not very fond of assuming vi any distinctive party name, and the fa Socialists seem to me to look too much of to compulsill. Ytii caii't make people practical Christians by Act of Parliament ; sc you have no right to force the rich to relieve the poor. Thenation suffers, and at all things are at a dead-lock because so of many of us neglect our duty. If we as argued less about the 'masses,' and sc quietly did as we would be done byto at those with whom life brings us into con- re tact, I believe the distress would soon be in at an end." ft " Do you mean by that private aims- op giving?" asked Frithiof. "Surely that to can only pauperize the people." fri " I certainly don't mean indiscriminate th almsgiving," said Mr. Boniface; " I mean mi only this. You start with your own ge family; do your duty by them. You thi have a constant succession of servants passing through your household ; be a th friend to them. You have men and fr, women in .your employ; share their in1 troubles. Perhaps ylu hdve tenants; try wi to look at life from their point of view. ml If we all tried to do this the cure would be indeed be found, and the breach between th the rich and poor bridged over." How simply dhd unostentatiously Mr. wl Bonifice lived out his own theory Frithiof lot knew quite well. He reflected that all thi the kindness he himself had received had not tended to pauperize him, had not in sh the least crushed his independence or injured his self-respect On the contrary, thi it had saved him from utterruin, and had awakened in hima gratitude which would me last all.his life. But this new cire was "I not to depend only on taxation or on the, State; but on a great influence working wiv "ARE YOUT WHAT l7HLY CALL A cliktsriAN, S6UIALls~f?'' Withill each ihndvidual. The idea set him sa thinking, and the sense of his owh ignor- in ance weighed upoi him. One morning it chanced that, sitting i out in the verandah at the back of the hi house, he overheard Lance's reading- at lesson, which was going on in the morn- to ing room. Sounds of laborious wrestling m with the difficulties of " Pat a fat cat," at and other interesting injunctions, made him realize how very slow human nature hi is to learn any perfectly nels thing, and al how toilsome are first sntps. Presently st came a sound of trotting feet oa Gwen I Gwen !" shouted Lance,la "come here to us. Cecil is going to read ri to us out of her Bible, and it's awfully p jolly!" He heard a stifled laugh from Cecil. d " Oh, Lance," she said, " Gwen is much k too young to care for it. Come, shut the o door, and we will begin." Again came the sound of trotting feet, a then Cecl.'s clear, low voice. " What story li do you want?" y "Read about the three men walking in p the fender and the fairy coming to them," y said Lance, promptly. a "Not a fairy, Lance." " Oh, I mean an angel," he replied, apo logetIcally. t So sheread him his favourite story of Nebuchadnezzar the king, and the golden t image and the three men who would not bow down to it. "You see," she said at the end, "they were brave men; they would not do i what they knew to be wrong. We wan; you to grow like them." There was a silence, broken at last by Lance. "I will only hammer nails in wood," he said, gravely. "How do you mean? asked Cecil, not quite seeing the connection. "Not into the tables and chairs," said t Lance, who had clearly transgressed in t this matter, and had applied the story to his own life with amusing simplicity. "That's right," said Cecil "God will be pleased if you try." " He can see us, butwe can't see Him," said Lance, in his sweet childish tones, a quietly telling forth in implicit trust the r truth that many a man longs to believe. p A minute after he came dancing out if into the garden, his short sunny curls waving in the summer wind, his cheeks y glowing, his hazel eyes and innocent e little mouth beaming with happiness. S "He looks like an incarnate smile," k thought Frithiof. e And then he remembered what Roy had told him of the father and mother, \- and he thought how much trouble i, awaited the poor child, and felt the same .d keen wish that Cecil had felt that he might be brought up in 4 way which should make him able to resist whatever evil tendencies he had inherited. "If ii anything can save him it will be such a home as this," he reflected. g Then, as Cecil came out into the w verandah he joinedher, and theywalked b together down one of the shady garden- o paths. Ii "I overheard your pupil this morn- F ing," he began, and they laughed together b over the child's quaint remarks. "That a was very good, his turning the story to io practical account all by himself. He is a e, lucky little beggar to have you for his h teacher. I wonder what makes a child d so ready to swallow quite dasily the most d difficult things id heaveh dhd earth?" fc " I suppose because he ksiows he can't fu altogether understand, and is willing to ca take things on trust," said CeciL is " If anything can keep him straight when he grows up it will be what you w have taught him," said Frithiof. "You re wonder that I admit that, and a year Il ago I couldn't have said as much, but I ni begin to think that there is, after all, a tl very great restraining power in the old ti faith. The difficulty is to get up any sort tk of interest in that kind of thing. ci "You talk is if it Wefl a sort of st science," said Cecil R "That is precisely what it seems to me ; w and just as one man is born with a love in of botany, another takes naturally to st astronomy, and a third has no turn for al science whatever, but is fond of hunting w and fishing, so it seems to me with lo religion. All of you, perhaps, have jo inherited the tendency from your Puritan forefathers, but I have inherited quite the th opposite tendency from my Viking ances- qt tort. Like their, I prefer to love my R friehtt, and hate ftly ehdfhh, and go SI through life in the way that best pleases pl me. I am not a reading man; I can't BI get up the faintest sort of interest in fn these religious matters." te "We are talking of two different C things," said Cecil " It is of the mere th framework of religion that you are speak- of ing. Very likely many of us are born at without any taste for theology, or ser- th mbns, or Church history. We are not de bodnd surely to force up an interest in re themn." "Then if all tht is islot rdligidh, pFay ne what is it? You afe hot like Mist Char- nc lotte, who uses phrases without analyzing he them. What do you mean by religion?" in "I mean knowing and loving God," in: she said, after a moment's pause. ba Her tone was very gentle, and not in of the least didactic. pc " I have believed in a God always- m more or lss," said Frithiof; slowly. " " But how do yllU get to knew Him?" "I think it is something in the same us way that people get to know each other," K said Cecil. "Cousin James Homer, for h instance, sees mcy father everyday. He n hi.s oftei staffed ii the csame house with him, and has ma seinse known him all his life. But he doesn't really know him r at all. He never takes the trouble really I to know anyone: le sees the outside of I my father-that Is a11; They h?tl'e hadlyl anything itn commoit." " Ml. Hdiner is so full bf himself anrld his own opinions that he never ciild I appret:iate such . sllh As y?u" fathlFi,' I said Frithiof. Then, perceiving that his own mouth had condemned him, he re- q lapsed into silence. "What is your receipt, now, for getting to know a person ?" he said presently with a smile, "F'irst," she said, thoughtfully, "a desire to know, and a willingness to be known. Then I think one must forget oneself as much as possible, and try to understand the feelings, and wvat-ds, and acts of the one you wish to know in the light of the whole life, or as much ias you can learn of it, not hitiely of the presenit The, to, I am qtiite surle that yotu must be alone together, for it is only alone that people will talk of the most real things." He was silent, trying in his own mind to fit her words to his own need. F "Then you don't think, as some do, that when once we set out with a real desire all the rest is quite easy and to be drifted into without any special effort." "No," she said," I do not believe in drifting. And if we were not so lazy I believe we should all of us know more of God. It is somehow difficult to take quite so much pains about that as about other things." "It can't surely be difficult to you; it always seems to be easy to women, hbut I, to us men all is so different" "Are you so sure of that?" she said, d quietly. n 1Ie have always fancied so," he replied. o "Why, the very idea of shutting oneself in alone to think-to pray-it is so utterly 11 unnatural to a man." " I suppose the harder it is the more it is necessary," said Cecil. "But our 5, Lord was not always praying on moun i0 tains; he was living a quite ordinary shop life, and must have been as busyas at you are." Is Her words startled him ; everything cs connected with Christianity had been to ct him lifeless, unreal, formal- something utterly apart from the every-day life of a nineteenth century man. 'She had told him that to her religion meant " know iy ing" and "loving," and he now perceived Sr, that by "loving" she meant the active le living of the Christ-life, the constant ne endeavour to do the will of God. " She he had not actually said this in so many ch i words, but he kietv more plainly than i, She had spoken that this was her iean ing. They paced in silence the shady garden walk. To Frithiof the whole world seemed wider than it had ever been before. On the deadly monotony of his business life there had arisen a light which altogether transformed it. He did his best even now to quench its brightness, and said to himself, "This will not last; I shall hate desk and counter and all the rest of it as badly as ever when I go back." For it Was his habit since Blanche had deceived him to doubt the lastingness of all that he desired tokeep. Still, though he doubted for tL? future, the present was wonder fully changedi and the new idea that had come into his life was the best medicine he could have had. Sigrid watched his returhing strength with delight; indeed, perhaps she never realized what he had been during his lonely months of London life. She had not seen the bitterness, the depression, the hardness, the too evident deteriora tion which had saddened Cecil's heart through the winter and spring; and she could not see as Cecil saw how he was struggling up now into anobler manhood. Roy instinctively felt it. Mr. Boniface, with his ready sympathy and keen insight, found out somethitig of the true state of the case; but only Cecil actu ally knew it. She had had to bear the worst of the suffering all through those long months, and it was but fair that the joy should be hers alone. Frithiof hardly knew which part of the day was most pleasant to him, the quiet mornings after Mr. Boniface and Roy had gone to town, when he and Slgrid were left to their own devices ; the pleasdfit little break at eleven, when Mrs. Bonifage looked in to remind them that fruit was gold in the morning, and to tempt him with pears and grapes, while Cecil and the two children came in from the garden, bringing with them a sense of freshness and life ; the drowsy summer afternoonwhen he-dozed over a novel; the drive in the cool of the day, and the delightful home evenings with music and reading aloud. Quiet the life was it is true, but dull - nevef. everyone had plenty to do, yet not too much, for Mr. Boniface had a horror of the moder craze for rushing into all sorts of philanthropic undertak ings, would have nothing to do with bazaars, groaned inwardly when he was obliged by a sense of duty to attend any public meeting, and protested vehe mently against the multiplication of " Societies." " I have a pet Society of iny own," he used to say with a smile. " It is the Keeping at Home Society. Every house holder is his owi presiderit, and the todi- sac mittee is formed by his family." wil Notwithstanding this, he Wms tht itiist hir widely charitable man, and was always ready to lend a helping hand; but he fac loved to work quietly, and all who be- pre longed to him caught somethihg of the co sat1e toile, so that in the house there sh was a totalabsence of that wearing whitl of good works in which many people a live now-a-days,and though,perhaps,they At had not so-many irons in the fire, yet the foi work they did was better done in conse- a quence, and the home remained what it he was meant to be-a centre of love .and m life, not a mere eating-house and dormi- it Itto the midst of this honia theie had m come now some strangely fresh elements. E Three. distinct romances were being w' worked oit beneath thatquiet roof. There er waf poor .rithlof Witl tlil shattered life, al his past an agony which would scarcely d, bear thinking of, his future a desperate lo struggle with circumstances. There was bh Cecil, whdse lif tWat oid fdrb liidd tip With his that when he suffered she suffered too, ti, yet had to live on with a serene face and make no sign. There was Roy already n I madly in love with the blue-eyed, fair- al haired Sigrid, who seemed in the glad re- d action after all her troubles to have tl 1 developed into a totally different being, a and was the life of the party. And yet in sl spite of the inevitable pain of love, these g were happy days for all of them. Happy a I to Frithlof because his strength was re f turning to him ; because, with an iron e resolution, he as far as possible shut out t it the remembrance of Blanche; because v the spirit of life within him was slowly i it developing, and for the first time he had 1 it become conscious that it was a reality. - 1 Happy for Cecil because her love was 1 d, no foolish sentimentality, no selfish day dream, bht a noble love which taught her d. more than anything else could possibly If have done; because instead of pining ly away at the thought that Frithiof was utterly indifferent to her, she took it on re trust that God would withhold from herno ur really good thing, and made the most of n- the trifling ways in which she could at ry present help him. Happiest of all per as haps for Roy, because his love story was full of bright hope-ahope that each day eg grew fuller and clearer. to "Robin," said hMrsBonifaceone even ng ing to her husband, as together they paced fa to and fro in theverandah, while Frithiof Id was being initiated into lawn-tennis in the w- garden, "I think Sigrid Falck is one of ed the sweetest girls I ever saw." ve "So thinks some one else if I am not mt much mistaken," he replied. he "Then you, too,have noticed it. I am ny so glad. I hoped it was so,but could not if feel sure. Oh, Robin, I wonder if he has any chance? She wouald make him such a sweet little wife," "How can we tell that she has not left her heart in Norway?" sl "I do not think so," said Mrs. Boniface. it 'No, I feel sure that can't be, from the p way in which she speaks of herlife there. s If there is any rival to be feared it is si Frithiof. They seem to me wrapped up tl in each other, and it is only natural too, ti after all their trouble and separation and this illness of his. How strong he is get- sl ting again, and how naturally he takes to sl he game I He is such a fine-looking a, fellow, somehow he dwarfs every one b else," andsheglanced across to the oppo- o! site side of the lawn, where Roy with his more ordinary height and build certainly c did seem somewhat eclipsed. And yet to ft her motherly eyes that honest, open, F English face, with its sun-burnt skin, si was perhaps the fairest sight in the orld. t Not that she was a blindly and foolishly n loving mother, she knew that he had his f faults. But she knew too that he was a a sterling fellow, and that he would make u the woman he married perfectly happy. c Theywereso taken up with the thoughts of the visible romance that was going on I beneath their eyes, that it never occurred to them to think of what might be pass ing in the minds of the two on the other e side of the net. And perhaps that was l just as well, for the picture was a sad one and would certainly have cast a shadow h upon their hearts. Cccil was too brave and resolute and self-controlled to allow her love to undermine her health ; nor did she so brood upon her inevitable loss that she ceased to enjoy the rest of life. There was very much still left to her, and though at times everything seemed to her flavourless and insipid, yet the mood wouldpass and she would be able intensely ti to enjoy her home life. Still there was no denying that the happiness which R seemed dawning for Roy and Sigrid was denied to the other two; they were handi- f capped in the gaine of life just as they It were at tennis, the setting sun 'shone full t in their faces and made the play infinitely a more difficult, whereas the others play- c ng in the shady courts had a considerable il advantage over them. "Well ! is the set over?" asked Mr. a loniface as the two girls came towards F them. t1 "Yes," cried Sigrid, merrily. "And P actually our side has won ! I am so proud of having beater. Cecil and Frithiof. .i for, as a rule, Frithiof is one of those de- 'i testable people who win everything. It was never any fun playing with him when we were children, he was always so lucky." As she spoke Frithiof had come up the steps behind her. " My luck has turned, you see," he said, a vith a smile in which there was a good n deal of sadness. But his tone was play- ii ful and indeed it seemed that he had n entirely got rid of the bitterness which had once dominated every look and sword. "Nonsense I" she cried, slipping her hand into his arm. "Your luck will re turn, it is only that you are not quite strong again yet.' -Wait a day or two and 1 shall not have a chance against'you2 You need nor grudge me my one little victory." "It has not tired you too much?n" asked Mrs. Boniface, glancing up at i Frithiof. There was a glow of health in uI his face which she had never before seen, ti and his expression which had once been stern had grown much more gentle. h 'But I see," she added," that is a foolish question, for I don't think I have ever seen you looking better. It seems to me ol this is the sortof exercise you need. We let you stay much too long over that translating in the old days." "Yes," said Sigrid "I hardly know whether to laugh or cry when I think of Frithiof, of all the people in the world, doing learned translations for such a man as Herr Sivertsen. He never could en dure sedentary life." "And yet," said Mr. Boniface, pacing along the verandah with her, " I tried in vain to make him take up cricket. He declared that in Norway you did not go I in for our English notions of exercise for the sake of exercise." "Perhaps riot," said Sigrid; "but he was always goingin for the wildest adven tures, and never had the least taste for books. Poor Frithiof, it only shows how brave and resolute he is; he is so set upon paying off these debts that he will sacrifice everything to that one idea, and will keep to work which must be hateful to him." " He is a fine fellow," said Mr. Boni face. "I had hardly realized what his previous life must have been, though of course I knew that the drudgery of shop life was-sorely against the grain." " Ever since hoe was old enough to hold a gun he used to go with my father in August to the mountains in Nord fjord, for the reindeer hunting," said Sigrid. "And every Sunday through the winter he used to go by himself on the wildest excursions after sea-birds. My father said it was good training for him, and as long as he took with him'old Nils, his skyds mand-I think you call that boatman in English--he was never worried about him when he was away. But sometimes I was afraid forhim, and old Gro, ournurse, always declared he would end by being droiswlet. Ctolte here, Frithiof, and tell Mr. Boniface about your night on the fjord by Bukken." - His eyes lighted up at the recollec- a tiotl. "Ah, it WIg such fun !n he cried; " though we were cheated oat of our sport after all. I had left Bergen on the Satur day, going with old Nils to Bukken, and there as usual we took a boat to row across to Gjelleslad where I generally slept, getting up at four in the morning to go after the birds. WVel, that night Nils and I set out to row across, but had not got far when the most fearful storm came down on us. I never saw such lightning before or since, and the wind was terrific, we could do nothing against it, and indeed it was wonderful that we didnotgo to the bottom. By good luck we were driven back to land, and managed to haul up the boat, turn it up, and shelter as best we could under it, old Nils swearing like a trooper and declaring that I shouldbe the death of him someday. For fourmortal hours we stayed there, and the storm still raged. At last by good luck I hunted up four menwho were willing to run the risk ofrowing us back to Bergen. Then offwe set, Nils vowing thatweshouldbe drowned t and so we were very nearly. It was \- the wildest night I ever knew, and the 5 rowing was fearful work, but at last we got safely home." "And you should have seen him," cried Sigrid. "He roused us all up at d half-past six in the morning, and therebe f was, soaked to the skin, but looking so e bright and jolly, and making us roar with if laughterwith his description of it alL And I really believe it did him good ; for after it a few hours' sleep he came down in the best possible of humours. And don't you n remember, Frithiof, how you played it all ot on your violin ?" * "And was only gucemsful in showing how wel Nils growled," said Frithiof, laughing. The reference to the violin suggested the usual evening's music, and they went into the drawing-room where Sigrid played them some Nowegian airs, Roy standing near her, and watching her fair, sweet face which was still glowing with the recollection of those old days of which they had talked. "Was it possible," he thought, "that she who was so devoted to her brother, that she who loved the thought of perilous I adventures, and so ardently admired the bold, fearless, peril-seeking nature of the old Vikings, was it possible that she could ever love such an ordinary, humdrum, I commonplace Londoner as himself? He fell into great despondency, and envied Frithiof his Norse nature, his fine phy sique, his daring spirit. How infinitely harder life was rendered to his friend by that same nature, he did not pause to think, and sorry as he was for Frithio's troubles, he scarcely realized at all the force with which they had fallen upon the Norwegian's proud, self-reliant character. Absorbed in the thought of his own love, he had little leisure for such obser vations. The one all-engrossing question excluded everything else. And sometimes with hope he asked himself," Can she I loveme?" Sometimes in despairassured himself that itwas impossible- altogether impossible. (To be conlnured.) L .?,?9 ., 