CONCUERT AT KANGAROO GROUND. On Friday evening Inst .a concert-in ald of the widow and family of the late Mr. Albhert Walteri, of I'anton Ilill-was held in the Knngaroo Ground Hall, nud passed loi most successfully. It is not overwise to too closely criticise the individual performanc.es gratuitously given by amateutrs at any concert, and most nseuredly it is not wise nor just to do so wilen the entertainment has no noble an object in view as the one in question haid. But even if it were otherwise, we doubt if munh fault could be found with the concert helId on Friday evening last, as the performers acquitted themselves credit hably, and justly deserved the applnase which the largo and appreciative audnience aceonted them. Mr. K. It. Cameron occupied the chair, nud in his opening remarks expressed his pleasure at seeing so tanny present, the more so ns the object in view was to anise molney to lhnd over to Mrs, \'alteri and her family who hadl recently lost their ?renad-winner. Ile had known and respected Mar. 'Walters for many years, nut sympathised with iher now in her time of trouble. lie could not let the opportunity pass by without alluding to the action taken by Mr. I'. Markham andt Mr. A. Atkins, employees on the waterworks, who; when Mi. Walters had to relinquish worlt through illtnhelth, started ansu rlcrip. tlon on his behialf, and sonif 7 oiA r 8 vwas generously subscribed by their fellow work. men. This showed a goal and noble splrit. The following programme was then gone through :-Ovcrture, piano antl violin, "Lon don by Night," Mrs. J. Boll, Miss M. J. Charlton, and Mr. J. 11. Foggle; song, Mr. Shan Ihun ; song, " There was a lad was borni in Kyle," Mr. J. Bell ; recitation," White Owl," Mr. Hughes; song, " learts of Oak," Mr. If. Thompson; song, " I'm the man you don't meet everyday," Mr. Ilunt ;recitatiou, f Love of country," Measter Sloun iuni ; song, " Close to tlo threhold," Miss Sloan recitation, Mr. 0. Hill; song, '' Call me back again," Mr. Martin ; recitation, Mr. Miller ; song, Mr. Fromersdorlt; song, Miss Mills. Interval. Song, " l'm saving them all for Mary," Mr. lunt ; reoitation, "Blrbara Frcitcho," Mr. Ilughes ; song, U O' Willie brew'd ia peck o' taunt," Mr. Doll; recita tion, " The Saxon and the (ntol," laster Shan HIun; recitation, Mr. G. Hill ; song, " Freddio Arcther,"'nMr: ?ltuiLi recitation, Mr. Martin; song, " l'atrick mind the baby," Mr. Thomon tsong; s Miess Mills ;song, " The Powder Monkey," Mr. Freinersdorlt ; song, (Chinese, In character) Mr. Shan lIun ;song, " The Picture on the Wall," Mr. 'Thomson song, " Have you seen the ghost," Mr. J. Bell. From thoe above list of performers it will be seen that .lthutm, Christmas Hills, Upper Diamond Creck,.Panton 11111, Queens town, Kinglake, and Kangaroo Ground were represented. The following votes of thanks were pro. posed, secondel, carried, andl duly replied to :-" The performers," proposed by Coun cillor t. M'Adanm and seconulde by Mr. S. Armstrong; " Moesrs. Hlughel and Iarris" for getting up the concert, by Mr. Martin ; and "The Chairman." In conclusion we might add that every thing in connection wit getlting up tie concert was done gratuitous, so that tho not proceeds were handed over to Mrs. Walters, the details of which, together with Mrs. Walters' acknowledgement' appear underneath. We must not omit to mention that Mr. C. Stevens gave the use of the Hiall free, and that Mrs. Stevens kindly lent her piano for the occasion. The outcome of the movement was tlhe raising of £22 18 9id, mado up as follows- Sale of tickes ...... Al 19 0 Collection at concert' ... t 17 i Subscriptionls Mlr. Cameron, M. ... ... 2 0 0 Mr.J. Hughs ... ... 1 1 0 Mr. J. ell .. ... ... 0 Dr. 11. James ...' ... 1 0 0 Mr. Adam Shaw ... ... 1 0 0 Kilmoro MasonicLodge .... 11 0 £22 18 9 * Mr. Cameron read out at the concert that the collection just taken anlounted to £5 18s 91, bhut this amounit ineluded the £1 Is given by Mr. Ilnghie and Mr. John Ilell's, sen., donation of £1. Tihe above amount (£22 18s 9 ) was paid by Mr. lHughes to Mrs. W\alters, fromn wholl we hiav v been handed the following acknow leIgment t "I desire to neknowledgo with grateful thanks, the suem f .22 184 9d, being pro ceeds of concert at Kmingaroon 0grOltl,I "nld suhscritlions thlerto, aitn to mist sincerely thank all those who o have taken an active Iprt In assisting meo in my trouble. IOBINA i8AtAIl WAI'LTFIIS. Panton 11lll, 17th April, 1859." 