ALL ABOUT GIRLS. a vtcry fmrmr, ninr,. 4 How much is this silk a yard, sir V A blushing damsel asked Of a gay aha pushing salesman, WJio admiring glances cast. 4 Only alciss,! he answered With iin audacious air, As Iig unfolds the fabric v - Before tho maiden fair. "7 4 If you please, I. will take ten yards, sir,' For awhile his heart grew still, Till the cruel crcaturo udded.. ( Grandma will settle the bill.' a v15hy considerate quid. ' One moment, Mr. Sampson,' sho exclaimed, with a distressed look as ho dropped to his knees., 4 1 hnvo already had twclvo proposals this season, and yours will bo .thirteen— an unlucky number.' 4 Truo,' ho answered, as ho roso to his foot, his faco ashcu ; ( but, oh, what am I to do V 4 Wait for a week, Mr. Sampson,' sho answered shyly ; ' then como again.' the qibl and the quit. Sho was apt in conversation, Sho could point each constollation, And in many mathcmutics sho could do tho hardest sura, She could versify in jinglo That would make your ear-drum tinglo, She could sing, sho danced divinely, but sho would chow gum. A ROMANCE. in one act and tubee scenes. Scene I. — 4 How do you like my biscuits, John,' asked a young wife. 4Thoy aro oxcollent. Dolicious in flavour, and ns light ns your laugh.' IB bUU lllUUti WUMU W JUU1 UKUlJj I 'I am dolightod with it. You can cook a groat deal hotter than mothor.' Scene II. — ' You aro lato, John, doar j it is wist twclvo o'clock,' suid tho wifo, as she Iiolpod her husband of! with his overcoat. ' iCBh, darling, I was— hio — dotainod at ' ' Oil, novor mind any apologies, dear ; I know Bomotliinc? important must hnvo dotninod von. or you would havohcon homo earlior.' Scene III. — ' I saw a vory handsomo bonnet in Felt and Straw's window to-day, Mary, Baid a husband as ho sat down to supper after re turning from his day's labour. ' Indeed !' said his wifo as slia placed tho savoury meal hoforo him. < Yes, and I thought it would bocomo your stylo of beauty.' ' But, John, dear, I don't need anothor now. bonnet.' 'Yes, you do. Ihaditput aside for you. Tho prico is lfidol. Horo is tho. monoy. You can go and look at it. If it suits you, buy it ; if it doesn't suit you, buy ono that docs at tho same prico.' ' Oh, John !' ' No thanks, door. You aro worthy of it.' Aoed Negro— I is gwine on or hundred an' ton years old. Interested Listener: Indeed? Then probably you can recollect as far hack as the tint acts of Congress. Aged Negro : Yes, Bah. I romomber all 'bout do lus' of Congress. I ot tor rocollickt it, bccauso I's cut wood wid it when I wus so high. Yes, sah, dat wus afore you wus bawn, sah. You's er nico lookin' gomman, sah, and can't 'you givo do poor old man or niokol? Medium : Tho spirit of your husband salutes you, Madam. - SpuiBtor (tent, sixty -Ave) : My hUBband r (Giggling.) Ho, ho! Why I was novor momod. Medium : Oh, yes you wore. You and your affinity wore joined in Spirit marriage. . , Spinster (seriously) : What a loss of felicity ! Would wo had mot hoforo ho died. Tho Ghost (boIub) : What a happy thing it was for me that I died so young. Farmer Waybnbk — Putty cold this mawnin', Mariah. , Farmer Wayliock's Wifo — Did yo tako a at tho thermometer? Farmer Wayhack — No, I didn't havo to. I tuk a look 'cross tho fields an' I _so<3 Jem Deining's tonguo fastened to tho hitchin' post. Farmer Wayback'b Wifo — Land Bakes ! Where was Jem < Farmer Wayboek— Oh ! Jem was right thero with liia tonguo. ,SnE — ' I undorstand that you nro one oi, tho praying baseball playors, and that yon are studying for tho mmistry. In fact, I am told you havo just been ordained.' Ho — ' It is truo.' 'Aro you going to toko charge of a parish at on00'1" . . ' Well, I don't know. I havo rocoirod a call to a mission ohurch at fiOOdol. a year ; also an offer from tho Bostons to sign for 10,000dol. a yoar, and I havo boon wondering whothor I hadn't hotter dovoto a few moro years to baseball praying beforo aooopting a regular pulpit.' An austro looking lady walked into a furrier's rocontlynnd Baid to tho yollow-headod clerk, 'I would liko to got a muff.' 'What fur?' doraandod tho clerk. ' To keep my bauds warm, you simpering idiot ! ' oxclainiod tho lady. Tilat precocious Itonckhockio youngster, Stephen Abboy by namo, comes to tho front again, A fow wooks ago a favourite unclo of tho lad went away, to oo gone ior au inueiuuiu timo. Stephen thought tho proper thing for him to do was to buy him a present, and. tho obioct ho sot his young mind upon was a Bible. 'Ho lins moro than ono Bible now,' said Stophon's mother. 'And ho'll havo another whon ho gotsmino,' was tho tmporturbabloroply. Tho Biblo was purchased, and then it was decided by tho boy to writo an ' appropriate' vorso of Scripture on tho fly-leaf. These wore tho significant words solouted and written by Stephen: 'And yo fathers, provoko not your children to wrath.' Ephosians, vi., 4. Stephen's unclo, who is a man of family, was duly imprcsBod. Mr. Smith : " Miss Edith, I lovo you. Will you marry mo?" Edith: " I am so sorry, sir, but lam obliged to doclino tho honour." Mr. Smith (with suddon inspiration): "For heaven's sake, Miss Edith, como away from that window. A Btorm iB coming up. Tho light- krimntiinw tn flnitli. and ' vnn nrrt so fit- tractive, you know." Edith (complotoly over come) : " Charlio, dear, you may buy a ring." A lady who was accustomed to solicit for sevoral cliaritnblo institutions, tho other day mot a well-known miser from whom she had novcr been ublo to extract a cont. During tho course of tho conversation tho lady moutioncd sho had soon his portrait at tho Acadomy. " And you didn't ask it for a aubcription V" queried tho miser, who was fond of his joke. " Oh, I thought it useless," calmly replied tho lady, " tho portrait is so thoroughly liko you." Woui.u-iie Patron : What is tho Iogal faro for ten blocks ? Cabman: Dunno. If you want tor know anything 'bout law go tor a lawyer. 