THE 'LADIES' PA G E. IN PllAISE OF JAPANESE WOMEN. (miOil TH12 TUAVKLLINO COMMISSIONEIt OV TUB TALL-MALL BUDC5ET.) '1'jib Japanese woman is the crown of the cliarra of Japan ; and the very last thins to fade from the memory of anybody who has iipen fortunate enough to linger in Japan, muat be these ? ' Ti «? ? brlfrht vostuVo9. faoiis fair, ? , Lonff eyes and olosoly braided hair.' ? Good looks are not enough to account for this ; prettiness is the rule among Japanese women, but I think the charm lies chielly —though to attempt a rough-and-ready analysis is like dissecting Chumming bird with ahatchet— in- an- inborn -gentleness and tenderness and sympathy,' the most womanly .of all qualities, ? combined with what the llbm-i'ns used to call 'a certain pro priety' of thought and demeanour, and used to admire so much. If you could take the light from the eyes of a Sister of Mercy at her gracious task, the smile of a maiden looking over the seas for her lover, nnd the heart of an unspoiled child, and materialise them into a winsome and healthy little body, crowned with a mass of jet-black hair and dressed in bright rustling silks, you would have the typical Japanese woman. To write at her life and thoughts and habits and iu'tnre' 'developments, 'one. must show much temerity, or else be with 'divine affection bold,' but there is so much to say, and she will play so important a part in the final civilising of Japan, that I must try. The key to the character of the Japanese woman lies in the word obedience. Ages ago her I ' three/great duties ' were reli giously declared to be obedience, if a daughter, to her father ; it' a wile, to her husband ; if a widow, to her eldest son. ' The kid drinks itd milk kneeling,' says the Japanese proverb— even the brutes show respect to their parents. So at the will of her parents the Japanese girl accepts her husband or joins the slaves of Aphrodite, and Confucius is presumably .happy at the devotion to his behests. Her education consists of reading and writing, the polite accomplishments of dancing and playing on the smiihen and koto, the reading of the polito literature of poetry, the tea-ceremonial, chu-no-i/u, and the llower-ceremonial— all very civilising studies, but involving no development of character. Dancing plays a very important part in the education of both boys and girls. In good families the dancing teacher comes every other dny, regular practice is ah affair of. routine, and private entertainments where the children perform nre arranged by friendly families. This education is that of the upper classes; tor the middle and lower classes ; obvious deductions must be innde irom it At last— or rather very soon— comes the wedding day, and the girl doffs her bright scarlet under-garraent. How far this festival is supposed by the Japanese themselves to coincide with the sinking of the ' burning desert-thirst' of personal passion, which Western nations more or lesi hypocri ticnlly attribute to that day of days; is revealed by their proverb —the universal one in a prettier form— 'Love leaves with the red . petticoat.' . ? The days when a Japanese wife stained her teeth block on her wedding-day and shaved her eyebrows when the first baby was born, are long past, except perhaps among the lower classes in remote country districts, but the Frenchwoman's remark, making due allowance for its exaggeration, may be repeated by the women of Japan—' Fille, on nous supprime, femme on nous opprime.' The expression res axijustaiJonii might have been invented for Japan, so narrow of necessity is the wife's home- life. v Tho husband mixes with the world, the wife does not ; the husband has been somewhat inspired and his thoughts widened by hi* intercourse with foreigners, the wile has not met them ; the huaband has more or less acquaintance with Western learning, the wife has none. Affection between the two, within the limits which unequal intellectuality ruthlessly prescribes, there well tuuy be, but the love which comes of a perfect intimacy otniuiuul knowledge and common aspiration,; there can. rarely be. ' 'f A companion in solitude, a father in advice, a mother in all seasons of distress, a rest in passing through life's wilderness '— sifch an ideal ot wifehood is virtually impossible. The ghost of Confucius ? forbids, and until that is exorcised, it will remain impossible. The very vocabulary of romantic love does not exist in Japanese a fortiori, there is little 01 the fact. You could not translate.ihe love letters ot Abelard or Fichte into Japanese. Marriage is a civil contract, without religious or oflicial cere mony. The ceremonies, which are elaborate, are confined to the families and iriends of tho contracting parties, and the legal recognition takes the form of registration in the Government records. Divorce again- — the pi a alter-, of marriage — is theoreti cally easier in Japan than in Chicago, but as a matter of fact the intervention of the families protects the wife irom injustice or caprice in all cases where husband and wile are respectable enough to have any family ties at all. The hgher you ascend socially the more hostile and influential are the forces arrayed ugainat divorce. A woman may also sue, for a divorce from her husband. Notwithstanding all the foregoing, however, the position of the Japanese wile is higher than in any other Oriental country. She is addressed as 0-ku-sama, ' the honourable lady of the house,' and as a rule every consideration is accorded to her. Because of the innate gentleness of the people and their, elaborate and rigorous etiquette, the relations of husband and wife are far easier and happier than the actual facts regulating them could lead one to suppose. ? It must be distinctly understood that in writing above about Japanese women und wives, I have had in view chieily the upper class of. the generation that i3, and that even in this there are many examples— among the ministers, for instance— of husband and wife living on precisely the terms of English or American upper-class couples. The generation that is growing up will be very different. Not only will the men of it be more Western, but the women also. As girls they will have been to schools like our acboola-at home ; they will have learned English and history and geography and science and foreign music, perhaps even something ot politics and political economy. They will know.something ot aueiety' as we use the term, and will both seek it Minima Ice ?t. riioold houie-life will become unbearable to the .woman, 'nil she will deuiuud the right of choosing her^husband just us uiucu us. he chooses her. .Tbeu* the rest will be easy. ?:- AMEKICAN AND ENGLISH GIRLS. WuiTikG in the A'eio York Tribune, of which he is the London correspondent, Mr. G. W. Smalley says :— The one thinn which; ? gave the American girl her firm* foothold in English society was, Perhaps, the one thing about her which is most distinctively American— tier sense of equality. She made, 'perhaps, some mistnkea on first entering London drawingrooms and— which is a much more trying business to the novice— English country nouses.. But the most fatal mistake of all would have been to wiaa ihi! note, the prevailing note, of a society hovel to her, and Umt she never made. She was, und ahe felt herself, thet'uocial equal of ? tliose whom she met, and her bearing was ouch that others perceived it iuatautly. :???;. : V ' . . v. . ' The American girl iaquick/niul keen-sighted to a degree that nmazesiher leisurely EnRHah^cousin^but-her demeanour was determined by other conaiderationa. She knew heraeli as good us the beat. She waa not born to think the squire and his rela ttuua better thuu herself. It hardly occurred to her thut other People mitjht be tukin« bur measure while she was tukiuj? theirs ; stlH lesa that there could be human' beinga who would 'expect nfi ,enn 'T ber' 'She hacl been used to deference from others ail herjife— from men,. that is. From them ahe expected it atUI ; but the notion that there were men to whom it could be due never crossed her mind. And so she glided serenely into this brilliant company, and took her own place as if it had a!.w.ay?.kel?nsed to her, and kept it with ease— the ease with winch genius does the things 'natural to it: without effbrt and without timidity. Genius is not too large a word ; the social qualities of these incomparable countrywomen of ours cannot be summed up in any term less ample and comprehensive. One of the direct results of the presence of so many American wives in English society is to make .-it livelier.-.- This may seem a- bold thing for an American to say, but I am, in fact; only quoting what I .have heard the English themselves say, and say often. Aq the word is ambiguous, I will uae it in the good sense only. _ borne of the indirect results of the American conquest in England are not less curious than the' direct. It has to some extent modi nedrthe relations between young Englishmen and young Englishwomer). There came a moment when it dawned on theEnsliah nirl that ahe waa losing her hold on the men. The marriageable young man of the period showed less and less inclination for marriage ; less and less inclination for thesociety of the marriageable young woman. He avoided opportunities of meeting her. .He' made it a favour to ro to a ball, and a still greater to dnncewheh he got there. As he would not conform to their tasted, they conformed to his tastes. They adopted his slang. They imitated his habits. The talk of r.he turf, of the hunting-field,' of the stable and kennel, 80m.2tim.e3 even of the smoking-room, was to be heard from pretty young lips; their owners sometimes all unconscious of the horrors they were per petrating, They tolerated far worse things than they practised. The young men came to understand that they need pub little restraint on themselves in the company of these youns ladies. Therefore it was thut the manners of this generation of 'smart' youns Englishmen deteriorated. Nobody denies that they have deteriorated. It is not the men's fault, or not altogether their fault. The blame must be put on the fair shoulders of the young women who permitted and encouraged the licence which now characterises their male compauions. Ilightlyor wrongly, they supposed that men's society was not to be had on other terms, and as men's society must be had what were they to do? I may be allowed to ask whether peradventure the American girl may not gain something, as well as give much, abroad? ; Europe, after all, is older than the United States. The difference is not important geologically; Bocially it must count for some thing. She enters a world abounding in variety and charm. : We Americans laugh sometimes at the solidity of the English, their matter- of-factness, their want of vivacity, and of lightness in . hand. It would be possible to paint a picture of English society as it exists which would be simply appalling. Every stroke would be truthful, und the picture as a whole false. For, with all its shortcomings, in taste, in tact, in morals, in culture, in conduct, English society is admirable. Its sterling qualities may be a little obscured to-duy,a little brighter to-morrow ; but there they are. Such a body of settled opinion on social subjects, such a code of social law, such numbers of well-bred men and women, so many delightful houses in town and country, such hospitality — ? where else are they to be found? There is no society better than the best in America ; but there is a great deal more of it, and there is much which is very unlike anything in America. It is not possible that all this should not influence the fair American who enters these open doors. It does influence her. The American is, perhap?, at her best here. She has gathered honey from the gardens of two continents. M.ns.. Ff.nwick MTTiU3it discusses a similar (home in the Illus trated London 2Ccih$ ;— The recent marriages, of rhe Duke of Maryborough, Mr. Chamberlain, and Mr. Herbert (a son o[ Lady 'Ilecbert of Lea and brother to Lord Pembroke), who have all taken to themselves American wives within the past few months, have aroused something like consternation amongst us. We have no men to spnire to the3e American enchantresses ; how do they work their wictort spells to curry off our brethren? The list of women born nnd v' raised ' in the States who are holding im portant places in English society now, because married to ]''ngiish'men of position, is.sdmething formidable to' contemplate, when it is remembered how seriously: women out-number men in England. Individually considered, certain of the English husbands might not be grudged by their own countrywomen to the fair Americana ; but, statistically speaking, it is impossible to be satisfied with this new fashion of American invasion of our Hcantily-supplied preserves. . With what ammunition do they come supplied, these fair poachers who make such baas , ? ? That question has been submitted to the famous Mrs. I- rank Leslie, who, having spent the last two seasons in* London society, may be presumed to know in what respects American and English women differ from each other in ways' a.hd characteristics. Her reply is that we make too much ot pur men, look up to them too ostentatiously; and simply bore them with too much attention. 'Enelish girls aredutiful daughters and sweet, womanly women ; but they look up to men too much, are too subservient, coddle and fuss over men till they make them/tired. In cornea a bright, vivacious American ' girl. She orders the men about like the queen she is. They Ond her cool disregard of their superiority refreshing; they admire her vivacity ; they like the bright sparkling chatter of American girls better than the serious thoughtful conversation of their own more intellectual country women. Enulish girls are far better educated Ihnn American ?'iris *but also less lively and amusing.' So says the American Tady ; and an ex-member of the United States Legation in Eng land who was interviewed expressed much the same opinion. Only he added, what is probably, after all, at the real root of the matter, that American girls (speaking of the daughters of rich men) 'are generally better dowered than English ones. He observed quite accurately, and not a little severely, on the evils of the custom which prevails in this aristocratic old country oE concentrating the money of a family on the eldest son, or, at all events, on the sons, and leaving the daughters comparatively poor. 'An Englishman worth OOO.OOOdol. ? gives his daughter 10,000 on her marriage and is called very generous ; whereas an American father worth the same. amount would think lOO.OOOdol. none too much to bestow on his daughter.' ' Well, there is the American explanation of the phenomenon. I fear it will not help our cirla much. Here women are redundant — that is to say, women with small portions are — and cannot but know it. If the poor, gentle, affectionate, housewifely girl who has no prospect or hope but in marriage, and feels no independ ence, no '.Queepdpm '_in her soul, should vainly try to acquire the consequential and self-reliant air of her American sister, her fate: would probably be that of ItheT frog who emulated the ox. Because American women are supported in their 'independence,' not only by the numerical equality of the sexes, but by theiayoura of fortune. There is the secret, I fear. An English heires?, after all, may be as independent and unsubservient as she likes, but she will have her chances of marrying well, never doubt it. But the unwritten Salic law which prevails in our society, post poning the daughters to the sons, makes our heiresses few in number. The whole tone of American society; seems to be different from ours. Here, if there is not enough money to give both boys and girls a good education, the girls must go unlearned. -Abe' boys'. will be preferred. Here, if there are not the means at the father's disposal both to start his sons in life and to dower his daughters, again the girls will be the sufferers.' '?'? Then, on the other hand, as Greville Murray pail, 'Nearly all the younger Bons of noble houses in England (are matrimonial ad venturers.' Brought up with luxurious an.l extravagant tastes, and with every inducement to be idlers and no notion of real work, they are ultimately obliged to live on what id to them a pittance, unless they can ' marry money.' In America, on the other hand, hardly any men are without some definite occupation, hardly any boys are brought up to contemplate a life of lounging ; and if a father has not a great fortune, so as to give much to all hid children, he will give the largest share to the girls on the ground that the young men can work, while the girls should not be obliged to do so. All these things combine to make marriage far from a certainty to well-born. young English; women, nnd. encourage the introduction in their place of American brides into our upper-class families. . : ! 