Against the Tides of Fate By L. L. Chaptee III.— FOR BETTER. FOR WORSE. Late one afternoon we sighted a large ship coming1 up astern, and bringing a breeze with her. At dusk she was within three-quarters of a mile of us, lying nearly motionless, with a string of signals hanging from her peak-haUiards which it was too dark to mako anything of. There was evidently a change impend ing in the weather, for light ripples appeared on the water, and soft breaths eeemed to spring up from its hitherto placid surface, and die away again — all signs, these, to a seamen's eye, of wind, and to spare, before long. As I stood leaning over the Albany's rail, in the fir.it wa-c\ gazing at the stranger's lights and listening to ner dciis as tney situck tue nrsi uaii-nour aiier o, a sudden idea came into my mind. So happily feasible did the hastily-conceived scheme appear, that 1 pro ceeded to put it into instant execution there and then, for better, for worae, tfcoigh this latter it could scarcely be. I dared not go into the forecastle, where some of the watch below had not yet turned in. However, that did not matter much, for I had nothing there that I par ticularly wished to take with me ; indeed, the less luggage on a trip of the kind I was meditating, the better. Alter a glance around, to see that no one was near, I threw the end of one of the fore-braces overboard, and slipping noiselessly down it into the water, struck out in the direction of the strange ship. Of the sharks I had never thought until— after swimming for a good while — I folt something haid touch me on the thigh. However, it was only my sheath knife which had worktd forward along my belt. Treading water for a rest, I gazed eagrerly around, able to make out nothing through the thick darkness, becom ing every moment denser and rapidiv blotting out the stars, whilst the little catspaws (forerunners of the coming breeze) soughed gently about me. 1 began to be in doubt as to my direction. No lights were visible, and yet I thought (forgetting how low in the water 1 was)' that I should have been able to see at least one vessel's. As I paddled undecidedly about, listening for the creak of a block, a human voice, anything that might serve as a guide, and heartily wishing myself back upon the Albany's deck, a bell struck four not far away. Whether it was my own vessel's or the stranger's was just then perfectly immaterial, as I folt I must reach one or the other, and quickly, for though a very fair swimmer, 1 had my clothes oa ; and, slight though the weight was. it began to tell on me. Swimming rapidly along for about 10 minutes in the direction of .the bell-strokes, my outstretched arm suddenly hit something with s force that nearly caused me to cry out from the sharp pain of the concussion. The object was the copper-sheathed cutwater of a ship. Yet, bo intense was the darkness, that, looking alott, I could make out nothing of the great mass which I knew must be there. The silence was intense, for the wind eddies had ceased and there was not a ripple about the ship's bows, nor creak, nor flap from her rigging. \ I had my reasons for not giving any alarm, and clung with both hands to the cold metal, resting, and thinking * how I might get on board. As I considered something fell with a splash into the water, close to, and not six , feet away from me. Reaching the object in a stroke or two I laid hold of a pair of rough canvas trousers attached to a rope's-end, evidently thrown overboard for. a tow preparatory to a scrubbing, as is the universal custom amongst seamen. . - ' . ' . It may be imagined with what emotions of joy and relief I grasped the rope and ascended hand over hand, . steadying myself with bare feet atrainst the vessel's side till I ' gained the deck. Uncertain yet as to which ship it was, after a moment's breathing Bpace, 1 crept along the top-gallant forecastle towards the foot of the bowsprit, until I was brought up by my head coming into contact with some object, which I speedily ascertained was a capstan. The Albany had no such contrivance on her forecastle, so that I knew I must be on board of the stranger. Tho fore stay-sail hadjbeen partially hauled down, and now hung curtain wise from the lower part of the stay. Standing up right, half enveloped in its folds, I looked aft, but, could see nothing except, here and there, a light glim-* meringoutof the darkness, whilst from the saloon sounded faintly the notes of a piano. I was about 'to emerge from the canvas I had drawn about me and descend into the forecastle, when 1 heard footsteps coming up the fore-ladder, and instinctively drew hastily back behind my screen. ' Yes,' a masculine voice was saying, as the speaker came to a stop just in front of me, ' It will be well worth seeing tbe moon rise behind yonder bank of cloud even from here. But, if I could only tempt you to come a littie further out, it will be much finer as the ship becomes gradually lit up/' ' No. thank you,' replied a sweet voice, whose tones made nie jumn as if I had been shot, and caused me to rattle the hanks on tho wire stay. ' I can see very well from here. Indeed, I only came so far to please my aunt. Where is she, Mr. Scarr? 1 thought ehe was close behind us just now.' For a minute or two I imagined that either I must he dreaming, or that some ocean diablerie must be at work on the vessel I had so strangely boarded, to thus bring into my presence, and with such a companion, my lost love. His answer dispelled my doubts, and set at rest all fears as to the unreality of the scene I was making a listener in. ' We left that good lady somewhere on the main deck, I think,' was the reply. ' But will you tell me, Alifs Pattiser, why my pretence and attent-ons.Eeem so distasteful to you lately ? Can it be that you still give a thought to that abandoned and dissolute pcoundrel, after the proofs 1 have offered to you of his faithless ness f' ' Take me to my aunt at once, sir,' said Amy. ' I told you already that, even if your story were true — which I do not for one moment believe — that fact would not hare the slightest influence in inducing me to listen to you. Heaven alone knows how you became pos sessed of the only pi oof of your assertions, the ring you wear ; but surely not by fair means, for I know that man — Mr. Dames— would never have parted with it under such circumstances as yon relate. ~ ~ ~ The moon, rising fiery and full, cast a weird sort of . light on the fore-part of the ship ; and, trembling with wonder, ' even yet, half -incredulous, I peeped over the stay at the speaker. Amy Palliser ; my Amy, without a doubt ; but a far paler, sadder-looking Amy than the one whose image 1 carried always with me. Opposite to the slight figure, whose ) ace was defiantly lifted to his own, stood' Werton Scarr leaning carelessly back against the rail, the moonlight falling full on his dark saturnine features. Some surprises are eo great, so intense, that, at first, ' their full effects are comparatively unfelt. So was it ' with me, and I hardly, know what I should have done, burning with fury and indignation against my detractor as I was, if his own line of notion had not presently determined mine. Possibly, the ultimate result in any case would have bet n precisely similar. Following Amy, who hod already got near the break of the forecastle on her return aft, he placed himself before her and, changing his tone to one of insolent familiarity, said, ' Well, if you won't have anything to do with with me this time, I'll keep the ring till you come to jour sense*. Or, perhaps, the best thing I can do is to take tbe thing back to Eng land, and restore it to ? the girl who cajoled it from your true lover, only the day after you gave it to him. Very great friend of mine, as I've told you, that same young woman ; and when she saw I took a fancy to the ring she made me a present of it at once. ' Love is strong as death ' it says inside,' he went on, stretching out bis arm to in tercept Amy, who in vain tried to paes, ' and that'a just the kind of nonsense a pair of fools like you two would talk, I suppose ; and you see what's come of it all ! Crying, eh. Well give me a kiss, and I'll take you back to your, old stick of a aunt.' The words were scarcely out of his mouth when, pushing the sail aside and stooping under - the stay, I advanced towards him and seizing the collar of 'his coat dragged him backwardson tothedeck, whilst Amy, seeing only that the way was clear, darted down the steps. Scarr rose, and, at once perceiving me, made a rush at me with clenched fist6. As he came close I could plainly distinguish an expression of the utmost surprise on his face, and then condensing all the passionate anger of the past 10 minutes into a single blow, I hit him fairly on the mouth with such force as to lift him off his feet, and send him flying yards away on the main deck. The impetus of the blow brought me after him ; but, luckily, on my feet, and seeing that one of the fore hatches was off, I, at .the risk of breaking my neck, jumped down into the darkness, just ss 1 heard the sounds of approaching footsteps and voices from aft. Fortunately there happened to te a bale of oakum lying right in the square of the hatchways, and on this 1 fell noiselessly and lay breathless, and wondering whether I had been caught sight of. Presently, I felt a rush of wind blowing down on me, and heard a tramping of footsteps overhead, the hatch was clapped on ; canvas flapped and banged, coils of running-gear were thrown heavily on the decks, men began to sing out cheerily at halliards and braces, and the ship, heeling over, commenced to move thronen the water. Wet and tired, I lay back on my soft tarry-smelling couch and tried to remember what I had heard and done within the last hour, for even yet, Ecarcely could I realise this strange turn of fortune's wheel. As for Scarr, his presence, though curious when taken in con nection with our previous meetings, was, after all, natural enough, lint I was utterly puzzled at seeing Amy; and learning, too, that Miss Raleigh was also on board, and could only suppose that, having, through seme cause or other, missed the Albany, they Lad taken passages in another vessel. As I thought of Scarr, the stolen ring, and tbe use he had put it to, I ground my teeth with rage that I should be forced to sneak end hide like a hunted rat when my place should have been at Amy's side. My anger was, how ever, a little assuaged as I remembered what a 'face her wonld-be lover ought to have by tbe morning. ' Abandoned and dissolute scoundrel' he had called me, and probably told all sorts of infamous lies, backing them up with that unfortunate line; which, I now had little doubt, he had taken from my finger in the railway carriage. How he actually did obtain possession of it I never knew, and never -shall know until we, it may be, meet again elsewhere. . ' Thank Hod,' 1 said to myself, as my thoughts dwelt on that scene on the fore castle-head — ' thank God. toy Amy scorns end repulses him like die true girl she is. And surely, in the end, this horrible tangle of misadventure will come right somehow 1' . . How unutterably thankful ought we not to be that the wise and mighty Controller of our Fates has seen fit to hide our futures from us, allowing us to struggle out our brief hour in the dark, with hope ever beckoning us onwards ! A little comforted, and feeling thirsty, I crept to wards where I could hear the rumbling of water cIoeo to me, and, grasping about, soon found tbe man-hole of a 400-galion tank, with, by a piece of good luck, a lanyard and dipper on the plug. Supplies had evidently been taken out that evening, for a length of wet hose waa coiled up handy. I bad juBt. replaced the plug when my fingers came in contact with -a smaH metal box. It proved to be full of matches, and how I blessed the careless sea man who had left it behind him. Striking one, and gazing around, J saw, on another tank alongside, three parts of a candle stuck upright in its own tallow. My spirits rose wonderfully at this last discovery ; for there ate few more dismal places than the huge womb of a sLip at sea, with the hatches on, and its discordant medley of incessant groanines and creakings, the atmosphere heavy and thick, the profound darkness, together with the ever- gurgling, lapping eea, seemingly at one's elbow, and always with that mysterious swishing sound appearing to stealthily Berk admittance. Standing upright with my lighted candle, 1 could see that the ship was not a full one; her cargo, right fore and aft, reaching but little higher than her ' tween decks. I was pleated to observe this fact, for, if my Btay below was to be for long— and at present I could perceive no very feasible way out of my fix, unless it were ' to give myself up before all hands, a couree I was loth to take, as things had turned but— 1 should at least have plenty of space in. which to roam about and, thinking of that look on Scarr's face, as he saw the strange features in the moonlight, possibly, some corners and holes to hide in should a search be made. In addition to all this, my practised eye had dis covered at a glance that the carried a general cargo, and that I might, if 1 so pleated, fare better than ber crew as far as eating and drinking were concerned. Indeed, feeling hungry just then, it was not long before 1 had the lid off a cake which proved (o contain potted lobsters, from a tin of which, washed down with water, I made a hearty meal. As 1 was refastening the lid of tbe case, happening to look a little closer at the splintered boards, 1 e aw underneath the name of tbe famous purveyor, which had first attracted my atten tion, the words ' Ex Westmoreland.' 1 wsb, I thought, by this, pretty well inured to sur . prises, but to find that I had unwittingly swum off to the very ship 1 had known for eo many years, and of which, in place of broaching her cargo, I should have been chief officer at that moment, was, I felt, but the one thing needful to cap tbe chapter of coincidences which had occurred since I left the Albany. Walking aft in a glow of satisfaction at what I looked upon as a good omen, and beginning already to feel at home, I noticed that every bale and package in tbe tightly -stowed mass was similarly marked. But, to make assurance doubly sure, I went on until I came to a latticed screen of woodwork, at the far. after end of the ship, and there felt for a small sliding-door which, in the Westmoreland, opened into the Jazarette. It was there; and, pushing it back and climbing through, I at once recognised the place where, in my young1 apprentice days, I had confiscated many a tin of jam and milk, many a pockeiful of almonds and raisins, right under the eyes of the canny old Scotch steward, whose life we boys used to recder a buiden io him, alternately plaguing and cajoling for some addition from his stores to our mess. As I looked around the gloomy but eo familar store room, with its bread bunks and half-opened cases and casks of provisions, I absolutely began to doubt my identity, such a monstrous anomaly did it appear that, instead of being up there in my snug berth, or keeping my watch as chief officer, of the fine vesEel that 1 could hear was reeling off her twelve knots with hardly a liet. I should be skulking about her hold a stranger, entered by stealth, miserable, forlorn, and penniless, and with only the bitter, never-absent pain of the thought of what might have been if I had stuck to tny ship to fall back upon for consolation : with, too, likely enough in my place a bold and unscrupulous enemy, who, probably, would spare no pains to presently discover the stranger who had struck him. a blow such as is not readily for gotten by the most forgiving of mortals ; and Merton Scarr, else I was much mistaken, was none of these. As I pondered, I felt half inclined to push up the boobv-hatch over head, walk into the salo »n, and, seeking out Scarr — were he officer of the ship, or only a passenger in her— tax him with his lying treachery before them all. Then I thought of Amy, and, remembering that now there was but a plank between us, 1 grew calmer and happier, and cat down in my wet clothes and ate dried fruits, with an eye on tbe scuttle, as in the older days. Rising at last, I went back info tbe bold, carrying with me some biscuits, more candles, and a bottle of beer. As I closed the little door I Leaid four bells strike, and knew that it was 2 o'clock in the morning watch. Dead tired, I now looked about for some corner to lie down in. Picking my way amongst the cargo I came upon, between two great cbecs, a uattrcsp, close to which was a seaman's chest. ' Some poor devil overboard this trip,' i soliloquised. 'However, 1 don't suppose his ghost can be in a much worse predicament than I am, fo won't be likely to trouble me.' And, Jjing down, b!ew out my friendly original candle, now neatly exhausted, and was in another minute sound asleep. My rest vea full of deams ; some pleasant, some very much the reverse. Now, I was wandering with Amy in a sweet Devon lane, overhung with wild briar and honeysuckle which clung to the whitethorn hedges springing from the grassy primrose-decked banks on each hand ; whilst, between the interlacing branches we caught sight at intervals of orchards, all masses of white and purple apple bloom, and all the time like some eternal lullaby came to up, mingled with the 6ong of birds, the scent of the flowers, and the smell of new-mown hay from the uplands, tbe softened moan of the sea on distant Complon sands. Then all would change in a second, and Amy's dear face, with its deep, earnest, steadfast eyes, softly rounded cheeks, and smooth brown hair that I was wont toeo fondly' caresp, would give place to the stern dark features of Merton Scarr, who, holding my ring aloft, and pointing to a white form floating motionless; on the water, shouted, ''Ha, ha, 'Love is fctrong is death; many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it ! ' Look at thy love now, Mansell Dames ! She is dead, and I killed her to prove that the ring lied ! ' Then I dreamt that we grappled and strove savagely with each other. Awak ing at last, I sat up, and after much perturbed thought, and for a while aimless groping in thick darkness ot memory, everything came back to me in its full bitterness. Far away for'ard, a rush of light pierced the gloom of the hold; and, creeping cautiously towards it, I found that one of the hatches was off again and cquld see the forms of men sharply defined against the black background. ; Nearer still I crept until close to two sailors who bad come down to measure some running gear off the tier of big coils of new rope behind which I was screened. Thev were apparently in no hurry, and one, after cursing the rats, whom he blamei for the disap pearance of both candle and matchbox, sat down and lit his pipe, an example soon followed by his companion. For a short time there was silence, then remarked one, ' Rum go, that, last night in our watch, wam't it, Jim?' ' And no gammon,' was the answer. 'The mate's got as pretty a head on him this mornin' as ever you'd wish to clap eyes on.' 'I wonder how he got it,' said the first speaker after a pause. 'He soz,' replied the other, 'as how he slipped acrosst the chain fore-rack, bein' as the night was so dark. But,' went on {he seaman, reflectively, ' I Eez, for my part, as that's all bunkum. Cos why i Well, cos when I goes up on the fokstle-head the tack was coiled up snug roun' the bitts as it should ha' been. Ye see, it was my lookout, an' I'd jwit come out o' the galley where I'd been getting a light for my pipe, when I runs agen the mate an' that young gal in the saloon as he's alms a mouching arter. He sez, sharp, ' Is that you, Jenkins P 'Ay, ay, sir,' sez 1. Then says he, ' Jump up on the foret'gallant-yard, Jenkins, an' see if you can't make out a light 'bout a paint on the port bow.' ' ' Ay, ay, sir,' sez I, an' off I goes, knowin' as how a nod's as. good's a wink to a blind 'orse, an' that my kump'ny wam't in immejit request forard ju6t then. Well, mate, I didn't hurry myself none, an* I didn't look for no light which' I too wed warn't there; an' when I comes down, lo an' behold there was Mister mate a-sittin' up agin* the coamins of the 'atch, an' eez he, ' Jenkins,' eez he, 'I've 'ad a hasty fall; get me a dipper o' water out o' the cask.' I sees nothin* o' the young gal nowhere ; an' its my belief as how, from causes unknowntt, she give him a shove over the break of the fok'ttle an spoilt his beauty for a bit, any how.' ' I was at tbe « heel when he corned aft,' replied his mate, ' an' I could twig his face all done up in a cloth or Eomethin'. 1 thought he must be havin' o' the toothache real bad.' ' Well, I don't know about the toothache,' said tbe other, with a chuckle, as he began to measure the rope, ' but I'll pound he's a tooth short by the way he talks this morning. It's a pity as the rest o' the watch was all nappin' aft on the spare spare, or we'd 'a known more 'bout that nasty fall o' our mate's over that there unfortnit chain-tack a lyin' coiled up on the bitts. But ? ' Here tbe speaker was interrupted by a muffled voice singing out, 'If you two loafing hounds don't come .up out o' that pietty sharp, you'll eee eo watch below this afternoon, I can tell you ! ' Upon which tbe men, winking knowingly and' grinning at each other as they drawled out 'Ay, ay, sir,' gatLcred up their rope and went on deck. So Scarr actually was chief officer of the Westmore land ! i had learned that much, at any rate ; also that he imputed the effects of the blow to an accident. Now, I was positively certain that before I struck him he had recognised me as a stranger, and tbe knowledge of his keeping that fact to himself only made me more suspicious of his ultimate intentions. Ihe hatch had been again shipped ; and, lighting my candle, 1, after turning over the damp mattress and removing crumbs, &c;, and ell other tokens of my presence below, took up my position close to the lazarette-door and waited patiently as I might for what I felt certain was sooner or later to take place. Overhead, I could just catch, at time?, the faint sound o; the bells striking the half-hours, but I had no means of telling how the time went in that hollow creaking, gloom-filled hold. On several occasions I dozed off to sleep, and it was on recovering from one of these naps that 1 observed, away for'ard, two bright red eyes wandering hither and thither around and about like huge will o' the wisps. Without doubt the hunt had begun; but as I now knew the quarter it was approaching from, 1 was pretty certain I could, with ray knowledge of the ship, give my pursuers the slip, and put into execution a scheme .which, was in my mind, and which 1 trusted would turn out a little luckier tban most of my others had done. Waiting for a while, to make certain that the lighta were actually those of bul's-sye lanterns, I slipped noiseleMsly into the room, and placing a heavy case of tins of jam against the door, I curiously watched tho movements of the two men who were gradually ap proaching. As, after a time, they came quite close tp the grating, 1 recognised, in one, Merton Soarr. The other one was a stranger, probably, 1 imagined, the second mate, and thought to myself with a pang of sorrow that, most likely, when placed on the berth for her new destination, the whole ship's company, in cluding my firm old friend the captain, had been dratted over into some other of the company's vessels. The chief officer's face,* at least the lower portion of it, was wrapped in white bandage?, and he spoke slowly and with difficulty, as if some of his teeth were missing. In addition to bis light he carried a harpoon, affixed to a long staff, with which weapon be made vicious thrusts into the dark corners and shadowy crannies amongst the cargo. '? Are you quite sure, sir,' said Scarr's companion presently, ' that it was not one of the crew who hit you ?' 11 I'm certain it wasn't,' mumbled the other. ' I saw the beggar too plainly. I was talking to Miss Palliser, v hen he jumped out and hit me.' 'He did that !' replied the other in a tone of cordial assent, which the mate ev dently did not relish, for, speaking more sharply and distinctly and in regular quarter- deck style, he asked, 'Now, Mr. Martin, don't j ou think that those lazy scoundrels of yours in the starboard watch have got somebody they're giving a tree pas-age to 'r' ' I don't ihink so, sir,' was the answer. ' But of course su-h a thing is possible enough, and, if you wish it, I'll ask the captain's consent to having their side of the fok'stle searched.' ' No, no,' hastily replied Scarr in a more familiar tone; ' 1 don't want all hands to know us much as I've told you. There was no one about at the time. Miss Palliser was too frightened to recollect anything ; and as for the old man, I simply told him and the rest of the afterguard that I'd had a bad fall. Tnat confounded doctor, though, I believe, emelled a rat while he was dressing my jaw; he was so cursedly inquisitive. Look here, Martin,' continued he, ' 1 don't w«nt any fuss made about the affair for particular reasons, but there must be a stranger afioard the ship: and, by G— d, if there is, I'll have him sooner or later ! 1 don't think there's anybody in the hold ; he must be 6towod away for'ard somewhere, so keep your eyes lifting from this out. Come along,', concluded the mate, replacing tho bandage which he had removed for more freedom of speech, '? we'll have another turn back. You take the port side this time and I'll keep amidships,' and with this they moved away, whilst I cautiously raised the booby hatch of the lazarette, which opened like the lid of a box, and gave into a small berth, almost always unoccupied by any passengers because of the continual passings to and tro of tbe steward and his assistants. Putting my head up 1 saw that it was, as 1 imagined it would be, empty and bare. Another minute, and I was stretched out on the mattress in the uppermost bunk, and had just drawn the curtains when I heard somebody enter, together with the chink and rattle or tin dishes as they lifted the hatch and descended. Presently they came up again, and as I held my breath I heard a querulous voice scolding and protesting that there would not bo enough ' desert stuffs ' to last tho passage at the rate they were disappearing. It waB still daylight, but evidently getting on well towards evening, and I could hear tbe rattle of crockery und the hurrying about of the stewards as they laid Ihe table for dinner. Then a bell rang, and another, and a buzz of voices filled the cabin as the passengers collected at tbe sum mons. Getting out of the bunk, I noiselesly bolted the door and stood close beside it to listen. My position was immediately behind the captain's chair, as he sat at the head of the table, and in a minute or two 1 caught, to my intense satisfaction, amongst the conversation and laughter, the familiar hearty tones of old Johnson's voice ; and to put the matter beyond doubt, just then Rome one, replying to a remark of the skipper's, said, with a strong naeal drawl: 'You do me proud, captin'. Steward, take this bottle round tew Captin' Johnson, with my compliments.' I had learnt all I wished to know, and, unbolting the door, I retreated to the hold, there to await tbe moment for carrying out my last project. (To be continued.) 