Mrs. Bunny's Burglars.. . (Continued.-) There was no time to spare daring the day at SbSnBanngJLr *S^pne.httTried over the inoriMiigTneaTy tSsrftcrrflfiB''*iVciii iDfr-iii-^ gnat hurry ; sojdtd Mi. £pooni&B;|ter drink ing. » con of tea under Un, Bunny's ce pr9a9bfariEjs.^BacliBtie£Sieai ?'little out of gear;' as Femaixpiessed it';' *nd Teven Mils Jones seamed1 quiet tad preoccupied. Brttyane lad gone when Barkes end Pe»rce oune down, for in spiteof fee tact that they reqcired so little sleep, «. great amount of calling was' necessary, every morning before they made their appearance.- Ud. Bonny waited ^n them herself,; aid they held s law-itoned,* myateiiDnB conversation, alter ?which she seemed very low-spirited, end -was heard tosay,.,' Do ae you think best, gentle men'; perhaps it is,' as yon'Bay, only Tight to teiee needful precautions..' Dinner that night m 'dnieter than nBnal ; 'Miss Carney sod Mjsb Jones had gone out, and Spoonie did not put in an appearance. ' «f faopeJie-.gone,to the Young Men's Christian Association, rooms ;' he does eome tunes/'eaid afnJSnnny with some anxiety. ' Afraid not,' said Parkes. ' He's weak rnindfidjypneaej no brain power.' 'He's a good-hearted young man, bnt esBflytea^shecghed, ; The Barrens continued their dinner in a bnsineas-Iike way, and seemed to take no in terest in Spoonie'e weak or strong points, nor in anything else that went on ; a fact that Parkes and' Pearce noted with sundry BoS* and raising of eyebrows. ? -?'Excniema, Mr. Barron,' Baid Pearce in a BnaTe manner, ' are *yon 'suffering from bBdejekf ' Well,' replied Jonathon, ' they are rather weafc*- '.?????? ? .'Don^yoti find it inconvenient to wear tfidBt goggles P -'???? 'tTse is everything, Mr. Pearce.^ 'Ob! then yon always wear them, jsup posej'Vhe said) reaching forth his foot to fonctr Bin. Bunny's, eo m to. impress her with-ibe necessity of taking due note of what was' going forward, and touching, in sfeasV3bey*s j whbselongeyes were stretched far and wide, and - whose attention was aroused to the fact that something was going On* *''''«?-»??;? 'Well, yes ; I may say that I nearly live Irtttem,' replied Jonathan. ^ Do you know,? he said confidentially, 'Tie aeen a good deal of bad eyes (Tin. sorry to say they're rather ' prevalent in the tsohmj), and Bt you'll allow roe to examine your*, t fancy I can recommend a core.' . 'Mnch obliged, I'm sore,'' said Jonathan, tnrnvng his goggles on him in what was eo deubt a snrprUed look ; 'but my eyes are .not used to lotions and that kind of thing, ywt'knows; they arc simply week, and I wear the glawes as a protection from the glare of the eon on the light-colored build ings , it'* 3?jfpg' 40 ^-Victorians, yon kztow, Eccustomed to dingy' bluesfone and dingy, brick.' ;- -* Ah ! Just eo'\ ^agreed Pearce, again touching Joey's fooit, and receiving', tohii surprise, a eomewbat energetic response, light on his pet corn. Immediately after dinner, Jonathan said something t» bis brother, in en undertone, and they robe and went to hit room and they -wett distinctly heard filing and rasping ?4t oainetiiing, . ' Sid job note what he said about cot being able to go without his goggles, Mrs. -Benny ('asked Pearce, irrepressively. ' Well, I saw him- to-day in an ironmonger's, ^ex amining tools, BadiKvoorenojOtutaattiU .*' \- . 'Ton don't say eo, Mr. Pearce. What does it mean f ' ' ? 'Well find out before long, ma'am. Don't Ton worry; Mr. Parkes and I will not. go ?out7; we have* most important meeting for '. to-night, top, bat will have to postpone.it at ?whatever cost' - ' '' 'Oh I How can I ever feel grateful enough to yon, Mr. Pearce T Is that a knock I I ;- top*- it- Is those -girls come home. I'm ? annoni about them,', she said, harrying ?.way. * -'?Good evenin* mom,' said the rough voice of the previous night' visitor ; - Mr. \- Barren borne I' ?? - 'Yes; ha'* is his room, bnt 17! tell him ~ : yom wa»t him,' \- - 'Boj if yon please, mnm,' he growled. ** Mr. Barron !' she called, in a trembling voice, for, as she said afterwards, that man with hi* one glaring «ye at her and the black :?- pttch over the other, quite upset her, tbiak \- lng-thst perhaps he might be planning to kill them all all. ' Here's a person to see 3330\. V __ . . . ._ ..'Bend him here, please,' cried Jonathan \- from within, and ? the man stumbled alcag. -, .The door was opened sufficiently to admit him, and then he remained for boors, it seemed to them waiting in the parlor ; bnt it was only an hoar by the clack. And then . they were rewarded ; the door was opened, ?_? ^cautiously, it seemed, and Joey was heard to say iii those round clear tones, somewhat Suppressed — ' Must manage to get ths whole job ilone to-night We've lost time waiting for you.' . . ' Well,' returned the other, his growl sub dued also ; ' must, I e'pose, if yon say so. _ Two o'clock £«! be through.' 'He came along the hall and lire. Bonny met him sx»d opened the door, ana responded to Us. good-night, and then tottered feebly back to the parlor. ''I'm afraid it's true, Mr. Pearce ; he had . a big, heavy-looking parcel when fce came, aha be'* left it behind.' 1 ' Tools, no doubt,' said Parka.'' *.' Mercy on os 1 ? There's another knock.' TJ1 go,' said Parkes. 'Come along, Pearce ; we'll let them aee thty have got de termined men to deal with.' -They went quietly to the door, and then ?-' threw it open with sodden emphasis. \- - ????? Thank yon, Hr.farkes. We both forgot our. latch keys. Why, what's the matter* Did.yon expect to sees ghost!' : 'Yes— no. . Well— a— the fact in you ?tatties' mealitfie. I thought you were in MPiAbe houss ; mind very much occupied juBt rfrnow,' !,?.,-;- .JEhey both laoghedsnd ran into the parlor \- : where Mrs. Bunny sat, looking white and ill. ..,-. -Bertha, .wept op to her, exclaiming, in dis «Wt-.:.. -. ... ?: ' Oh 1, how ill you look P ?: ..:.'. ' No, po, de»r ; not ill ; Vm lost tired out, ...that* all.' .— -, ...'Of -oqttrse yon are, after last night j -go u. flptobed now, and I'll make you uomegroEl, and have a good night'* iest, and, jon'll be ^ better to-morrcw. There- a knock ; ni -' go;' and off ihe ran-in spite of lbs. Bunny'e : ?:'endEB.vortopiErept ber. - ? ' ' ? : -- ' '*~~* *~*'Mo9t--tB»pTiidentt' murmured Parkes, standing np to listen, - 'Mj..Barroh home I' inquired the roan with the black bag who called the night be. .fore. ' ' ''-' '''tm. This way,' Crow,' called out Joey,. .ivho had evidently been expecting him. . - ? *Tve fixed it proper1 this time,' he was ?5'*'«Stratb«ay, excitedly. ' Ouoe they get into ^?'. -UiiB trap they cantttovo till lier're let.' ; -. Then the door closed on theC0D8pirators, ,-. :J-jitfhe did not remain very long, and when ;' - the door opened Joey srid, quite disiincfly— ?: '1£ it's a Btic'SM.yoVll get well paid. Make tSose -alterationB toy 'brother sng«!»ted, aod d ?«?« be la»er than two o'clock, brcanae the V 4 Taes and t: up will be waiting, and there \- ,_ 'mil ;be no time to lose, u the load will -be H; 'let him out, black bag and aU. then, \- ? taking bis candle, be said good-night to Mb brotber, and mounted the stairs to Ids own coom. ' Well, that's pretty concluEire. They're evidently going to make the attempt at two e clock In the morning,' whispered PadcefJ ncoherently. 'You'd better .go to the * station tod ask for police protection, Pearcel' 'I've already done eo. There*B an extra man coming on at midnight to watch the house.' - ??'.'. . l' But .what isjt t Do tell me, seme one I' , cned'Berfha. * ? ' ? -' Oh, Bertha 1 those wicked young men are going to rob the boose.' ; Bertha looked incredulous. ' We heard them planning it with their confederates, and they are to be here at two o'clock. . Hr. Pearce has informed the police, ftad we will take care' they don'i succeed,'' said Parkes. .' -, ' -- .' Bertba sat down with a faint, sick feeling sit her heart.- It was true, then ;, he, was' a common burglar, - A. thief, infinitely below those inflated fellows whom she had despised, for they, at least, were honest. '-' ? ' So,' be continued, ' if yon three ladies will go up to your room so as sot to alarm th^m, end Ferriss and Williams will be in tykae&y;, and after they're in bed, we lay our plans. ' Jnst as they begin operations we'll pounce on them ; of course Ferries and WiliiamB will help us, though we think it best not to tell them; they might bungle.' ??-' They've got a- trap to spring out and catch us, and prevent vb making a noise while they rob nB. Two such pleasant lads, and eo wicked,' -said Mrs. Bonny, weeping. ? 'Don't fret about it, Mre. Bunny. We'll soon have them under lock and key,' said ?Parkes, emltingly. ?. ' Wouldn't it be kinder if yon gave them another chance, Mr, Parkes?' pleaded Mies Carney. ' They are only young men, and if you were to tell them mvt you know their intentions, and will let them go if they pro mire to amend their — ' 'Oh, yes I I agree with Bertha, Mr. Parkes,' said Mrs. Bunny, earnestly. ' I couldn't bear to see them imprisoned, psor lads. It will be bsst to warn them, ana let them go.' 'To rob others T Oh 1 no, Mrs. Bunny. Your Mn^t|»t of heart does yon credit, and, of course, is only what I should have ex pected from you. Bat a man has his duty to society to perform, however mrch against his inclinations, and we will do ours, and hand those culprits over to justice, even in violence to oar own feelings. ?' But you must be me, you know, Mr. Parkes,' said Mrs. Jones, who was feeling very anxious as to how ranch they knew. » Have yon sufficient proof to warrant your giving them in charge I Because they may bring ao action for damages against you boihJ' They smiled pityingly, and then Pearce condescended to explaSi1, ''Those trjea ccme over here on the pre tence of being small farmers, sort of market gardeners, is fact, oneof them wears gaggles ard a large beard. His eyes are weak, he eays ;' but I have seen him repeatedly with out his gaggles, and no doab- his beard can be as easily removed. Two men came to see them, both of whom the policemen recog nised, when, I- described them, as noted thieves, who have been eospected of having a abend in several burglaries. To- night not only Mr. Parkes and myself, bnt Mrs. Bonny ?, also, heard them making fiaal arrangements tot two a'clock to-night; or rather to-morrow moraing. They have a hone and a vehicle of some eort waiting, and they expect to hare a heavy load. Of course they sever dream of being suspected and opposed, and. no doubt they have more 'little jobs,' as they caU them, «n hand to-night. Don't yon think that is sufficient evidence or proof!' Miss Jones sighed in a way that exasper ated Parkes. «' fitrange,' he said, ' what sympathy a wo man has for a criminal — & common thief — who woaldn|t think twice of taking a life if interfered with in his plans.' . . ' I'm su— sure,' said Miss Jones,, begin ning to sob, ' they Won^ds't do anything of the sort. If they do commit burglaries, per haps its because they're socialists, or some thing — those people who think everyone has a right to a share cf soaiebody else's wealth. I dont think they are low, common thieves ; do yon, Bertha!' ? ' But Bertha was too sick at heart to reply. She Bat there, feeling that the whole world was rotten, and that there was really nothing, after all, worth living for. ' I believe there's a step on the verandah,' said Parkes. It was not only a step on the verandah, bat a heavy blow on the door, and a husky demand to be admitted. ' Good gracious 1 what is that !' exclaimed Mrs. Bonny. The two men looked at one another, unde cided whether to answer or not. 'I shay, Ferris, let'sh in quietly, there's a good cb»p,' 'Oh, it's Spoonie. I forgot he wes oat,' Pearce said, looking quite lelieved as he went to admit him. 'Thanks, old fellow,' he said; 'first give me a help up-ctairs ; fact is, I had a glass — hie — champagne, and not being 'cos tomed to it, y'eee, it went to my legs, hut,' he added confidently, ' my head's clear as a bell, only I'm just a little giddy, and d — don't to— hie — disturb the ladies. Keep it dark, you know.' ' Mr. Spoonie ! Oh 1 Mr. Spoonie,' Baid Mrs. Bonny, almost forgetting the burglars in her sorrowful indignation; 'is this the way you keep your promise? This is a nice ?state to be in.' 'Mrs. Bunny,' said he with drunken solemnity, 'look ever it this time, and 111 do— same for yon, rome other time.' 'Gamp,' said Pearce, 'I'll help yon up to be i. Keep as quiet as you en. ' ' Lst me 'eplnin to Mrs. Bonny.' 'Come along, you miserable little don key,' said- Pearce in a savage nndeitons ; ' everything will be npset through yon,' ' Xes ; take the little brute np to bed and hasten back ; we've a good deal to arrange yet,' said Parkes. Hereupon P^arce hurried him, weeping copiously, up-jtaire and into his room. When he returned he brought Spoonie 'b gua and a revolver from bis own room. 'I think these wii! do, Parkes,' he said. 'Yes : I have my loaded stick.' 'Now, If yon ladies will go op to your room, we will make whet protection we can for your safety, though I'm Bore it won't be needed. We won't let th?m get op-Btalre, I think, Parkec?' 'I raVber fancy Jaot,' said Parkes .know- ' Hidn't we better put some of the s3ver cway?' suggested iltt. Bunny timfdly. 'The plate poor Mr. Bunny hid ptesentou to bi A, and tbe en -s tbe boys won.' . ' Not on any account,' exclaimed Pearce hastily; 'youil on'y pot off the evil day, and they'll attack yoa esme time when yoo have no one at home lo protect yoo. Come now ; L will go with yon np-staire a.ed see that your room {a sesore ; yoa had better lock yourselves in one rsom.' . ' No ; we will not lock ourselves in. If there it any danger W mach rather f tee it; bnt I'm sore he — they would not hurt tit' said Mice Carney with a break in her .voice that sounded like ? *or-. . ,'No. I'm sore they wouldn't,' assented Mrs. Bnnny, ai sbB mounted the stairs. 'Thing; yon for all the trouble yoa have taken, Mr. Pearce, bat we'll be sale enough. Here's the key of the sideboard ; you'll find Hie wbi»ky in the right- hand corner. ' ' Mrs. Bnnny, oome here and say yon for? give me,' cried Spoonie, whose bead felt steadier emcebehadbeeo lying down, -and lie was getting sober enoogh to resiise bowgriev ioasly he had offended, 'Do, do forgive me.' 'Ym had better go and «peak to the little idiot, to keep him qniet,' said Pearoe. ' So Mrs. Bunny sighed and west to hit door. ' I forgive yon, Mr. Spoonie ; yoo | have sinned more against yourself than against me; bat,' remember there is Another, whose forgiveness you most a«k,' she said. ? ?' AnathftrJ Oh.1 yoa mean Miss Carney. I do beg her to forgive -me. . ' llyou ,«peak another word to-night J11 never forgive you, of speak to yoo'ageln,' fiaiaSerthjiimpalieatly^^ ^^^ _ ' And .Spoooie collapsed utterly^ and'ijrence fell upon the house. Meanwhile, the two downstairs had Bested themselves omfortably to watch.Pearce got out. the whisky and some cigars, and pre pared' to enjoy himself. Parkes, who did not smoke, occupied himself in writing a thrilling account of the affair, as it wauld, of course, happen for the next day's piper. He thought of the sensation it would cause, and what a hero he would be amongst those in the honse, and how, powbly, bis salary might be raised, asd goodness ,knows what might happen it the foresight which frus trated this burglary, and was the means of breaking up the gang, received its due re cognition. Pearce's thoughts were much the same evidently, for be said, in a low tone — ' This will make a stir in our shop, Parkes. ' 'It should, I think,' assented Parxee. 'It'e a public Berriceand deserves a public recognition.' 'Yes, certainly. What a gift it is to be able to read faces. Directly I saw that fel low Barron -of course his name isn't Barron) I noticed the villany of his face ; that-ready grin of his, showing all his white teeth, and the bold way he looks in a penon'e face, all denote the hardened reprobate ; no modesty, -you know.' - ? ' No ; you're quite right, and the other fellow, hiding his face under his beard and goggles 1 Of course both can be removed at a moment's notice.' ' Of course. And the young fellow pots them on, being taller and a different build, be counts on being thoroughly disguised ; that's why he shaved.' 'I say, Pearce, some one is taken down a bit. Was quite civil to-night, begging us to give them another chance.' ? ? Serve her right. She fancies she's such s judge of a gentleman. ' ' She won't be quite so uppish in future, I think.' ?' For my part,' said Pearce, grandly, ' I'll let her see that she's fallen considerably in my estimation. She'll refuse next time I invite her to go anywhere with me.' 'Ah! that hum nasty. When yon had tickets for the reserved seats, too,' replied Parkes, sympathetically, biit with evident relish. ' And she almost laughed in your face when you asked her,' said Pearce. ' Well, yes, in a manner,' rejoined Parkes, the relish considerably lessened. ' And three days I eaw her walking by the lake with that— that— burglar.' ' Well, she'll have to bail him oat next week if she desires his company,' said Parkes, spitefully. ' Yes ; sad the musical evenings will come to a close,' said Pearce. ' End of the season,' said Parkes, wittily, and they laughed long and silently. 'When this U over,' said Pearce, at length, ' I'll give a lecture at our association on 'Face reading; a few characteristics of criminals,1 and invite her and the old lady.' ' 'And I'll write a comic song about them and get Spoonie to sing it,' eaid Parkes. « Lucky he's drunk, ain't it !' ' Yes. He'd only be in the way.' Jast then the post-office clock chimed twelve, and, according to their programme, they turned ont the gas and sat in darkness. Everything was quiet so far. Pearce smoked a few more cigars, and they both had a few more nips of whisky, and were beginning to feel cramped and sleepy when it struck one. They listened intently, then Pearce caught Parkes by the arm wsraingly. Yes, a dcor trad opened; and seme one was coming cauti ously down stain. The steps went stealthily over the oilclotbcl hall, and stopped at Bar rons' door. It opened gently, and a low voice, Joey^e unmistakably, asked — ' Awabe, Jonathan) Isn't it time for — t' Then the door closed. Pearce drew in his breath, and grasped the revolver, and Parkes felt along the wall for the gnn. The time had come at last. They were not cowards; they had even more than the average amount of courage, but no one can wonder if they felt a monentary nervousness. The fastenings of the back doors and windows were of the usual insecure kind, and, for all they knew, might be open at that moment, ready to ad mit the accomplices at a given signal, and there were only themselves till Williams and Ferries were aroused. Parkes sincerely wished now that they had been let into the secret, even if they shared the honor and glory. If they would wake up in time, and the policeman was on watch ai he promised, all would be well. (To be continued.) 