Ui» Last Call. .V Turic STORV.- ] i W:]S end my last, stock season at t1i«- .-.imf-'i-talilo li vie Theatre' Royal in ,Chipy n minor provincial theatre, siiMi- 1 . TlionLili .m Hi:f]|V of Hill- ]r;li} ijig stars had trod its boards, :iivl il was Ilote generally .-- xi'Miite until lin? buter reaelu'd îbe ^Hil tils, which usual! f>T rs long season?, which from August Bank holidav end of March, We had the third week of the beneiccupiod the closing of the Se.-JSDLÎ. :1H(3BI",1I.'JI of us who were engaged on benefit ternis .liail made our appeal to the gond f.ilk of Cliipstiim . witli the exception of old Mr. Wil kins. oi .wed prompter. He Lad (wen given. • usual, the last night o{ the season. . ' 01.1 Wilkins i a capital fellow, a great favorite with all i lie company, aud fulfilled his not wry enviable position iu n most worthy manner. Years ago, rumor spoke of him a's being a very exe» lient, leading man and stage manager, until h< met with an accident, which compelled him <jo give up acting and turn ••lock author and prompter at the Cliipstone Theatre Royal, For his Lenefii Will vins was producing for ilie tir«t. tim<\- a n i\v emotional drama, on which he had been at work,for some time, and which he had anticipai ed selling for a good round sum. And a ca ital play it was, too, aboundncss and containing cleverly ing in powerful s w.irked situation s. The part t played (the villain of the pie :e) was that of an exceptional scoundrel who pc rsundes the heroine, the lead- : .iiig man's dau: :er in the play, to desert lier rustic lover io îom she is engaged to be nimith him, afterwards "treating lied, and elope M lier most cruelly nd leaving her and her newlv- born Iwlje to staive in London. 1 But the last act. after many rials and difficulties, sees her again at her old Imine, where, after receiving jior broken-heà ted father's forgiveness and promise to JH-.K •et lier child, she dies in his arm ! t was the mo ning of the final rehearsal of the new play a cloud to obscu . lu all its spleiul l>eiit with joy at summer after th experience']. 1 was stroll street from lining mv usual m oÙ Wilkin?, ooking very excited, coming rapidly towards m<?. ' Hallo, old man,' said ], ' whither so 1 ist ; anything wrong, eh ?' Recovering h s breath, and willing the peris brow after his over-exertion, spiration from 1 he exclaimed \ii, Austin, the very fellow I'm in search of. 'ye : bad news for you. When I reached the t letter for me iri son, our leadin L'autifill March morn, with not e the. bright sun, which shone ur, making the hearts of all the prospect of approaching rather severe winter we had leisur- ly down the, main nigs to ; the theatre, enjoyiriirng cigar, when I perceived icatre this morning, I found a the rack-: it was from Stevenr man, who.says he is very ill, scarcely able i leave his bed, and that he is afraid he will be unable to play the part tointelligence. night.' _ At this unexpected for a moment ther 1 silence between us. I was the first t<> >eak, for it meant a very great loss for Wilk us to find himself without his leading man-on such short notice. ? What is to be done,' s:' 1, \lt Stevenson is unable to go on to-night ' That is jus t what I came to ask vou. I would play th jjart myself, but for iiiat :.cwitli, which has left me this cident 1 met limp. What can vo'u suirurest V lie asked anxiously. 'It is now eleven . o'clock,' looking at IUV watch r'tl (iall is (not till twelve, so as we have an hour to spare we. had bettor employ the time iu vi iting Stevenson and ascertaining if it is reailv'i impossible for him U> puH tlirough to-night. T1 at is tb<\- only course 1 see open at present, )o you think that affair of his daughter's co aid be the causr of this ?' ' Xot at al unlikely,' exclaimed Wilkins 'I never thought of that. . Poor Slevcnsou! he has been a biokeit-hcarted man ever since she deserted him and new I think of it, he plays the deserted ather in my piece.' . / ' liow came, she to leave him ? I asked 'You know, being away last season, when it happened. I lave not heard the details.' ' It was he old, old story,' he answered. • A tith'd sc. undrel, wiio, witli his flattery and false vows, M on the poor girl's heart. She was a bright littli creature,' he continued, ' of just eighteen sun mers, and Stevenson, poor fellow, "was wrapped up in her heart and soul ; he lived only in-the utmosphere she breathed. It was the latter pa t of last season ; she had just reschool. How she became ac- turned from quainted wit l tliis mian I _scarcely -know, but one night St iveuson returned home to find his daughter liai I fled. In her room he had found a note she h id left imploring forgiveness, and in his own rooni—think loï it, Austin—a purse of gold fron the scoundrel who had robbed him of his & ugliter. Gold I gold to pay the fatherfor th î loss of his child. I thought the blow would, hâve killed poor Stevenson, but we pulled him through it. Since then he lias been a broken-hearted man. When we heard the sad news, I immediately sought him out to try and console liinras best I could. Poor fellow, I shall never forgef.his words to me as long as I liwe. ' She was iay all Wilkins,' he said, with tears rolling down his haggared face ; * my own little bright-eyed darling. Thank God I' he exclaimed in a burst of agony, ' her poor mother lias not lived to see this day. Gone, gone/ he moaned, piteously. 1 We walkîd on towards poor Stenenson's lodgings in j gloomy silence, j At last I venturedto say, * Ha 1 anything em .been heard of her m a since ?' ' ' i ' No, 'tis now twelve months since her flight, and no wo rd lias «ver reached the brokenhearted fat! er, Mio mourns her as one dead.' We arriv 3d at the lodgings and were shown into Steven thanalire. in a man'ir of hie form) r 'selL ion's room ; he looked more dead "I never saw! sadh an ^alteration So iihoit jia time; y y q s g b p J l J ' h He razeed Jiîmscîï in - ted a as we catered and tried to emiflé—a faint heart-broken nil How is It villi yott tliis morn ins ^ T asked. Ui-tter, son} e^'hat,' îtè replied \ Î think I 'night manage to get tiifotigk tins,' saM he, fdd^sih'^hfm ight, Wail can read m»' me at rebes 1 1 ' " - " real this morniaw know you are anxious for the success of the p should not in iece, and I tjo disappoint you.' ^Villeins exp ained to him he had a London uianager comin down to witness t îe producscertaining we could Io nothing tion, and after.; for him. and * pi puiislug to call witl a cab to Î^I LL,EAU ' E AT NIGLITJ ^DEPARTED fKT^ oove, ^hat a house, Wi kills, old .eiiow, I exclaimed, as t descended from my dressmgMVWtt ind met him on • he stage ; 4 voii ve beaten lus all.' 'Go and look at it, my boy, lool said, as he rushed and dodged :n tlie wings as tllough he was being soaie imaginary foe. Ï walked to the prompt entrance, at it,' he ad out. of ihevied by md peered through the curtain. The hand is playing loudly, but the iinnf natieur-e of tli| audience could he heard above it The louse was cranimed from > Ifloor to ceilin I n ever saw it so full. The kalis seemed a mas 3 of shirtfronts ; circle, j pit, gallery, every available space was occupied. ' Overture* beginners, please.' echoed j from door to do.ir the dressplaying. ing-roonis. The orchestra eenseli Wilkins could' be heard exclaimiil 4 Clear, please,' up w^it the. curtain, ant the play began. The fii st act; was over, and th audience, breaking from [the spell which had held them, were giving vent to their enthusiast The second act was on, and played with oven more effect and applause than < he previous one ; at its close the London man behind delight sd ' If the last act only equals the he exclaimed tjo Wilkins, excitedly fortune iii it.' i Last act, Beginners, please,' t lie call-bov was shouting, [when I observed the J oor-keeper approach Wilkins cautiously, whisper something in his ear. ' Great Heavens, you don't 111e: heard Wilkins say. ager came first two," ' there's a n that ?' I ' I do, sir, every word of it, and it's true, as sure as my na'me's Bob Roberts,' replied the man, and they' both walked rapidly towards the stage door. I followed, land was about to en ;er the doorkeeper's office, when Wilkin's ,topped my further progress What 1 earth is the mat er ?" I said, ' You look as scared as if you'd eu a ghost.' ' So I have seen a ghost, or win it is worse to me now, poor Stevenson's daught , who has returned to her father with hei newly-born babe dead in! her arm: from posure iand starvation.' i ' Dead .'' I ejaculated. If her father sees her- now continued Wilkins, 1 my!play is ruined, for le will never be able to gei:through the last act.' • Mr. Wilkins,'said the call L >v, now ap pearing, ' we jare waiting to ring 1 p.' Poor Wilkins looktd as if lie had just signed his own death-warrant. You had! better keep the gill away from her father " til| """ the play " is finished 'I said. ' Look lierp, Austin,' said Will ins, his face brightening up suddenly ; 4 I hav î a plan in my mind, which, if it succeeds, \i ill make the' fortune of my .plav.' Before I cpuld speak he was g me, and the curtain rose on the last act. Tl e final scene jf the play hkd commenced and I was standin at the entrance ready to go on, wl en I observed Wilkins, witjh poor Stevenson's (j aughter lean ing on him for support, coming 1 owards me. - ' In heaven's name, whv do } ou bring the poor girl-here: ?' I exclaimed, angrily. ' It's all right, Austin,' said lu : ; ' her father is on the stage aud won't see her till she 'goes on.' ! ' Goes on! ! What do you mea u ?' ' I mean itliat instead of tin .leading lady (Miss Webster) going on to a ;k her father's forgiveness,! I shall send Stevmson his own daughter, j Nature will speak better than the best acting (in the world, and it v ;i l be a grand climax to the plav.' T tried to remonstrate with li m, but, my cue being given', 1 had to make my entrance. The scene was Igoing^ capitally, ami we had now come to the closing situation, v hen tlie father forgives his erring daughter. Stevenson was working up splendidly, the cue was given for the daughter's entrance ; Stevt nson turned to embrace, not the leading ladi, but his own daughter ! I The audjience was spell-bound ; you could have heard : j-.in (in >p in iv part of the liou.-e. J ' Father!!' « My ch Id 3' was all th t was said ; it piened the audien Hire an elc :tric shock. The t vo were, locked in each ot icrs embrace, and t îen the curtain descended tin the finest dim ix 1 have ever witnessed, But oh, the cost ! The success of the play « as made ; the audieiice were clamorr enthusiasm to lis « the principals ous in the before the curtain. Each men iber of the cornthere were loud panv had aken their call, and shouts Fo " Stevenson 1 St. venson !" but poor Stevenson had answered His Last Call.' He was dead in his dausylit L-r's arms.—Tit Uiïv. I A young lady was much pai led and shocked as she walked down the street yesterday to see her y«u«g brother sitting astri i ile the prostrate body of jjiiother bov and rain ing down blows upon his si struggling victim * Johnn'y,' !she almost sere;: ined, ' what are ou doing 7 Couie liere this 1; linute. Aren't ou ashaiiied loi yourself, figli ting this way in tlie street The bry reluctantly arose from his vanuished antagonist and faeeiji his indignant ister. 1 hen! he explained :- Well, I don't care. He said you wasn't ood-looking. I don't thin c you are either, at it ainft none of his business. So I licked him.' Wife I mended the holt in ,your trousers ocket is st night after you liad gone to toed; oliu, dtiar. I Now, am I (it a thoughtful ittle wîfd T I Husband (dubiously) : ' TR ell, er-ye-ss, you re thoughtful enough, my d< ar ; but how the ischief did you discover th 'ithere wusa hole n my pojeket !?' A jlittSc boy who had bee 1 osed io (receive i 1» «ileij brother's old toys a: d clot3ies, askied Ma,1 shall I ha\e to marry (his widow when S e dies . o s^Çhenj a man lias no ^oo^l Reason for doing loap. 