BROADBKIM'S NEW LETTER. So you are an aristocrat, eh? Perhaps I am, air, if that is -what you call it. Well, you believe in blood and pedigree, doii't you ? Yes, air, honestly followed lo their just con elusions, every time. Come stroll with me through these aisles; let us look in these kennels and see what we can find. Nothing but dogs ; that's all, but honest dogs, believe me. There are two exhibitions held here every year that always afford me special pleasure. The Dog Show and the Horse Show, whatever man has to do with them, is on the side of elevation and honesty. He debases and degrades himself oftentimes, but, here, whatever work he does is of thehonestest and the best. Never mind the crowd, you can see tbem every day in the theatres, on the streets, and in the churches. You don't want to-know their pedigree. Perhaps it is as well that you do not. " Fine feathers make fine birds." Do they ? Well let the fine birds pass.v Let us look at the dogs. What have wo here ? Out from beneath a richly worked covering of velvet peeps a pair of soft-melting j eyes embroidered by two long silken ears, and i the sorrowful look of the little prisoner is ! occasionally softened by the presence of my ! lady's lacquey who stands by the cage with solemn visage to guard my lady's darling. | The whole of this class tells of birth and. high | breeding. These pampered little aristocrats could only live in the mansions of the great. They would die in the homes of the poor. But the strain of blood in this miniature nobleman is pure as the mountain snow. He is simply ornamental. So far as practical use is concerned, he is of no use whatever. He will not work for himself ; if compelled to get his own living he would starve to death. Somebody else must work for him. So far, he rises lo the highest ideal of the modern gentleman. Don't laugh, my friend, this class of gentlemen is just as necessary as many other neceeeary evils. Let us walk on. Ah, here is something that fills my heart with joy and brings back the memory of long vanished years when, with just such a companion, bare footed and bappy, I roved through the fields, scoured the woods or leaped into the ponds and fought him for a stick, or held on to his shaggy coat till he towed me back to the shore. It's a good, square honest face. As Hamlet says of the ghost's word : " I'd take it for a thousand pounds." Honesty and nobility were born in him. He comes of a royal line back through countless generations, and yet withal he is the staunchest Republican or Democrat that ever walked on four feet. You never find him imposing on his weaker brother Little dogs bark at his heels, but they never disturb the sublime serenity of that majestic temper. Yes, here is a fit companion for an honest man. The class of St. Bernards is a noble one, and many of the itusswn dogs, hounds, mastiffs and others were worthy of especial mention. Harriers, terriers, beagles, foxhounds, collies and bull dogs were there, every class having its own especial merit. As it takes all sorts of people to make a world so it takes all sorts of dogs to make a dog show. Are there no disreputable dogs ? you ask. Oh, yes, plenty of them but they don't get in here. To obtain admission to this Sanhedrim a fellow must have pedigree at his back. He may be very disreputable nobleman given to very naughty doings, but he must hare blood. Ah, what have we here P These, sir, are fighters, fighting is with them a business and a pleasure. They are the John L. Sullivans, and the Mike Demp seys, the Charley Mitchells and the Jake Kil rains of the kennel. Oh, pray don't turn up your nose. Every one of these wiry little gentlemen comes of a very good family, I assure you. That little bullet-headed tough over there is the hero of tweDty battles. He has the same stuff in him that held Grant before Vieksburg and Petersburg; the same spirit with which Custar 6wept down to death along the Indian line ; the imperial courage that carried Pickett into the last desperate charge at Gettysburg, or that held the " old guard" in the jaws of death on the field of Waterloo. They are not pretty to look at, not as you would say, pretty, but that beetle browed individual that stands beside them thinks there is nothing half so beautiful in the world as his battle-scarred pets. All New York turns out to greet the dogs. It is the proper thing to do. And now every fine lady who has anything worth looking at brings it to the dog show. Our horse shows and dog shows are no longer given up to bullies. Society places on them the goldsmith's stamp, and every body can go. The weather has been fine and the attendance great, and to a person who was posted it was amusing to see the crowd. In one little knot around a magnificent Siberian bloodhound stood Lily Langtry, a couple of notorious prize fighters, a prominent aetor, four English beauties from the Gaiety Com pany, a half dozen celebrated ministers whose names are known all over the world, four pick- pockets, a couple of lawyers, and right behind them, looking like innocent sightseer* from the country, were two of Chief Byrnes' detectives, one with a white choker and straight-breasted coat looking like a divinity student, and the other with a broad-brimmed hat and homespun suit with signs of hayseed all over him. The attendance haB been im mense. The meshes tighten about frank Eames, 1 who, by perjured witnesses, sought the ruin of his wife. His witnesses have confessed their perjury, and both of them declare that they were ruined by Eames. The advocates of the doctrine of total depravity have here a most striking illustration in support of their theory. For pure unmixed devilish wicked ness, history or fiction furnishes few parallels. Only a few weeks ago I wrote the history of the unlucky corner of 23rd Street and Sixth Aven«e. Levi M. Bates, one of the most suc cessful drygoods men in New York, had just j steppped in to save Conklin & Co. from ruin. Bates was worth a million. In a few months | his paper went to protest, then a syndicate ! was formed and §135,000 was raised to tide Mr. Bates over his disaster. For a few weeks the concern staggered along, but this week it elosed its doors only to open them again for a bankrupt sale. At least a half million dol lars have been sunk on that unlucky corner by the laBt occupant. It ruined Edwin Booth ; it knocked spots out of Boucicault; it almost sent the lucky Stetson of Boston to the wall; it has completely ruined the wealthy Bates. Who will be the next victim ? I should like to see Barnum try it. If it floored him then I should certainly believe that the d 1 was in it. A shocking outrage was perpetrated by a walking delegate of the Knights of Labor last week, the very thought of which makes the blood of a free man boil to think that such things are tolerated in a free country. A funeral took place in Brooklyn on Tuesday. The last prayer had been said and the last look on the face of the beloved dead had been taken, and the coffin was deposited in the hearse. The funeral procession was just about to start when a carriage drove up having some friends of the family in it. This so-called walking delegate went up to the undertaker and informed him that the funeral proces sion could not start unless this carriage was driven from the line, as the driver was a non-union man. All the other drivers were in league with the walking delegate, and they refused to budge wiihout his orders. Threats and entreaties were alike in vain, this ignorant brute insisting on| holdiag his fellow brutes from moving until the change was made. The man who was driven from the seat on the carriage was an American born on the soil, an hono;t man receiving full wages ; and two thirds of the ruffians who drove him away were ignorant foreigners who could not write their own names. Let it be known that the Knights of Labor hare fixed the penalty of death by elow starvation on all laboring men who will not join their order. But it remains to be seen -whether the people of the United States will allow them to en force the penalty. Lily Langtry retires from New York this week and takes to the king's highway, her venture in the city not proving pleasant nor profitable. It is said that madam will leave quite a number of ducats behind her that she earned in other places and more prosperous times, but the depletion of her banking ac count will not seriously affect her happiness, as she has still enough and to spare. It is said what she lost in hard cash she has made in dramatic fame. Perhaps so. Her Lady Macbeth was skowj, but not Shakesperian. Wonderful to relate, Mrs. Patter's venture, which all the prophets declared would be a disastrous failure, has turned out quits a financial success. Manager Palmer is de lighted. She shifts the scene of her triumphs from the aristocratic " Palmer's Theatre" on Broadway lo the _democratic Opera House, which was the first theatrical venture of the lamented Jim Fisk, Jay Gould's erratic part ner. Mrs. Potter has been treading Shakes perean ground. Her Cleopatra, while it has produced no great dramatic sensation drama tically, has drawn,the money all the same, and the lady's bank account is much rejoiced thereat. It looks as though Denmah Thompson had taken a life lease of the old Academy' of Music. Night after night the theatre is. filled from pit to dome, and at the Wednesday and Saturday matinees you can scarcely get your nose inside. Couutry ministers, down here on church business, may possibly miss a prayer meeting or a vestry meeting, but they all find time to see The Old Homestead. An old farmer from Skaneatcles came out of the theatre quite disappointed the other day. He said be couldn't see what in thunder they wanted to make such a fuss about old Denman Thompson for, that he knew fifty old farmers around Skaneatcles just exactly like him, and folks never made any fuss about them up there. 