Theatre BoyaL On Saturday last Miss Jennie Lee reappeared a¥ the Theatre Royal in her world- famous repre sentation of Jo. Like the nightingale who returns each spring with the same song, and ever exercises the same charm, Miss Jennie Lee comes back to us unchanged in the five springs which have passed in her absence, with the wondrous tale of suffering and sympathy undiminished in fidelity, and, if possible, intensified in its power over those who witness it. There is nothing artificial or stagey in the performance ; with wonderful ease and power this clever little artist has preserved the picture, which, at the outset, achieved immediate fame, and of which the standard of excellence has never'- been lowered. The delight of the public to welcome Miss Jennie Lee was manifested in the hearty approval of the large audience, and in the presentation of floral tributes, beautiful and novel in style. Each act. brought out the warmest sympathies of all 'pre- present, and Jo was recalled again and again. This revival' brings Mr. Burnett in his old cha racter of Inspector Buckett ; the , popular ' favourite, Miss Maggie Knight, who, as irusta, is - in maKe-up ana perronnance irresistible; Miss ? Ada Ward, who is & dignified Lady Dedlock; - and Mr. Edwin Kelly, the polished, courtly Sir Leicester Dedlock ; and in addition to this quartette of tried friends of the Sydney public introduces Mr. J. H. Clyndes and Mr. George Walton. The former comes to us with a good London reputation, and, in his impersonation of Mr. Tulkinghorn, the family lawyer of the Dedlock family, he gave full evidence of his ability. His presence is good, his voice rich and sonorous, and he acts with ease and force, aided by much facial expression and an excellent make-up. Mr. G. Walton is of very opposite type. He made a decided hit as Guppy, and his agony whilst attempting to declare his affection for Miss Summerson, without ruin to his sartorial appendages, was excruciatingly funny. His acting was clever and droll through out. Miss Mary Weir was not the support re quired for the actor; indeed, beyond making an agreeable picture, there was nothing to justify her selection for the part of Miss Summerson. Miss Flora Hastings was sufficiently vicious as Hortense, but erratic in her accent; at times the English bore no trace of the foreign tongue, and again the French pronunciation and irregular emphasis were conspicuous. Mr. Poulton ;did good work as Snagsby ; Mr. T. Belton over idid the part of Chadband, and by his exaggerated make-up provoked some noisy comments from the gallery. 'Jo ' is thoroughly well mounted ; the drawing-room of the Dedlocks opening, on to the terrace where the ghost walks, is a stately cham ber. Jo's rags, which shock Lady Dedlock, are a wonderful collection .The picture of the street boy with his loneliness and ignorance, his devotion to the one friend — ' him as is gone;' his affection for Gussy, his discrimination between the lady and her maid, his pathetic soliloquies, and his pitiful death, each and all place Miss Jennie Lee's artistic powers in their best light before the public There is life and vivid portraiture in her delineation, and as the picture has enlisted all her mental and emotional powers, so it calls forth the sympathies of all classes who witness it. 