THE NEW TREASURE HUNT. (FMOM T? ? .NEW RTEEW.) Towards the end of this month a li tie ex pedition will sail from Southamton on one of those golden quests which for a good many years past none but the novclists have en gaged in. The destination of the expedition is (not to name it too particularly) a tiny island, lying amidst "the foam of perilous seas," uninhabited save by sea birds and crabs, a thousand miles or so from anywhere. And the object of tho expedition is to search for a vast treasure of gold and jewels, which s believed to have been buried on tihe island more than seventy years ngo. Ain empriso so romantic, sending us right back into the days when the trade routes of the sea were marked out by the blood which the pirates had spilled on them, senems delightfully out of keeping with an age in which the Stock Exchango or thle Bourse is the chief theatre of the treasure hunter's operations. For this is pirates' gold that is buried in this desolate ocean isle, and the expedition that is to sail in a few weeks' time will be a real treasure hunt. There is a historyattached to it already, and it is rather Let us begin with the pirates, by whom the treasure was buried. To put one's money by and make it breed, whitch financial people, doing a more or less legitimato business in stocks and such things, consider a prudent policy, seems, on thu whole, to hare been one of the most imprudent policies when the business was piraly. Wise pirnies, when they had taken a goodly prize, ran with it to the nearest cafe port, and made themselves unrecognisably drunk on the proceeds. Unlimited ruin, and an occa. sional stabbing bout, to keep their haunds in against the day when business would be resumed, made the pirates as ha:pv as they wi.shed to be; and when they had splent their booty, and recovered from the delir.,,n tremens, they went on board again, rar up the "Jolly Roger," and waited for another prize. 'The foolish pirates were thoee who went and hid their stolen talents in the earth, for so surely as they did this, the next vess.l they chanced upon was Inaan-of-war, which carried them Ihomie to be haIged, a dozen irn a row. Deep sunk in many a desert isle, in wranry an ocean, there mut be millions of pieces of eight, moidores, and doubloons, and jewels and precious stones galore, which the gentlemen of fortune who hid them there, and who have long since rotted in chains at harbour mouths, were never able to go back for. Hence the treasure hunts of days more enterprising; but somehow the treasures were not unearthed. Thoe island was found, or the spot on the mainland, but the chart was not quits correct, or not quite correctly interpreted: or provisions run short before the booty could be du" up; or a storm provented the boats from landing; or the crew' mutinied; or the treasuro -seekers quarrelled and slow each other-the spoil was never taken. The crew who taiu away thie loot that the now expedition is to search for seem to have been in all respects a typical gang of sea robbers. .Thboy ran out from Southampton about seventy years ago,; in a snart schooner, excellently built for. speed. There were Englishmen, -Italians, Greeks, and a Turk "hot bous, all du 'oue"-and the skipper wont by the name of Old Hellfire. 'Their ostensible business was palm oil and ivory, but it does - not appear that either of those commodities was ever taken on board. They shipped a batch or two of slaves, and laid the schooner away across the Western Ocean. Fever broke out amongst the blacks, the captain dosed them with laudanum, and the crew dropped them overboard. When in liquor aptaain Heollire used to take potshots at his men with a pistol, and, as his aim was fairly good, he succeeded at last in peppering them into a state of high mutiny. They rose against him ono . ..- th,- ,k held hnim nwht one of the English strnck him through t0-bsbek-with a.tteel marlinfpikev Heo wso'bundled into the sea; the math was sent over the side after him ; the skipper's murderer was voted captain in his place, and the "Jolly IRoger" replaced the Euglish I colours at the mastlcad. Running south, they caught a Portuguese vessel, boarded her, drowned the crew, and emptied theship of her rich contents. There was a Jew dealer amongst the passengers, whose baggage con sisted elhiely of diamonds and rubies, so that prize must have been worth the taking. But those pirates were foolish. They sailed with their treasure to an uninhtabited island known to the captain, and there they buried it. Their luck, however, twas not yet exhansted; they took other vessels, Eaust Indiamen and some smaller game, killing all crews and passengers, and always carrying the best of the plunder to their hiding-place on the isle, It was an apt spot to receive tach blood- stained booty; an utterly deso late and wholly forbidding island, unap proachable, except with the skilfullest manageme nt of bouts; a lonelyplace, shaken and torn by volcanic upheavals, scarcely yielding shelter and water, and void of food for man. An ideal smuggery, however, for pirates' plunder, and this cut-throat crew made a fine treasure island of it, if such there ever were. But it was a fatuous business, this heaping up of bullion and jewels, for the fates were always dead anainst such conduct on the part of gentleomen of fortune. More knowing hands would have run for tile States, realised the swag, got fresh papers, sailed home innocently, divided up, and lived gal tlatly on the shares. Thospoilof the Portu gueso sloop would have made gentlemen of them all. Some of the gang thought as much, but the skipper, whoso cognomen was Lips, was always for getting a trifle more, and he always had his way. And so it came about that one fair morning they sailed out to tackle an East Indiaman, and were tackled themselves. It was not often that the EastIndiamenof those days showed their teeth when the crossbones overhauled them. In general they were wretchedly armed with a brass swivel (never in working order), and a few cast-iron nine pounders, all hampered up, andsearcely more serviceable than the modern British bayonet. Yet these East Indianmen had their holds stored with indigo and silks, and great con signments of jewels and gold for the dealers in London, Paris, Lisbon, the Papal States, and all other European markets. For once, however, here was an East Indiaman well armed and pluckily manned. She faced the robbers, ran out hier guns, and gave them a brisk 'good-day; shot away their rudder, splintered their masts, and brought the rigging ' about their ears. Then she boarded, put the shackles on the twenty pirates who had survived the engage ment, which took them off and lowered them into her own hold, where they had time to prepare their speeches for their last public appearance in Execution Dock. Nineteen of the twenty swung together on the Island of Cuba. The twentieth contrived to get his neck elear, and in due time made his way home to England. He was alive a few years ago, in the North Country, and may be alive to-day. At any rate, he lived long enough to tell his tale, and to tell it with gusto. He was then close upon his ninetieth year, and his chief regret was that he had never got money enough together to sail in a ship of his own to the treasure island where the joewels lay hidden. Ho had made careful working charts of the navigable side of the island, and marked dotn the position of the treasure, with good cross-bearings. But he could never raise sufficient money to pro. vision so much as a fishing smack, and worked on in merchant vessels until his strength failed. In this condition he handed over to a friend his chart, cross-bearings, and drawings; and the first chapter of th romance closes here. History and fiction both seem to show that the chances are always against the treasure seekers, and success is assuredly far froin being a certainty in the present instance. Who, for instance, can say positively that the treasure has not been already removed ? That is, Ihowiver,.an unlikely assumption, since there is no reason to believe that, after the nineteen pirates were hanged, their secret was known to anyone ex cept the twentieth who survived, and he appears to.have kept it jealously so long as the ghost of a chance remained to him of turning it to his own account. Ass assump tion more plausible woild be, that by the operation of natural forces the treasure has cro this been placed beyond thereach of man. 'The pumicestono and scoria on themountain ous volcanic rock slips steadily, and the drop pings of seventy years (to mention no other possible forces) must have raised a big and solid tumulus above the sunken hull. But this is in all likelihood the chief danger to be anticipated, as it will furnish the chief labour to be undergone; and withll tie exact bearings of the deposit in the commander's possession it should be no impossible task to reach the ! wreckr. 