CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The twenty.eighth annual session of the 'Congregational Union of Queensland was com 4nenoad, in the Cengregational Church, IJp wiob, yesterday, when the following delegates werepresent :--Rockhampton-Rev. E. Wil. -on and Messra. E. E Smith and E. W. Bar greaves; Brighton.road-Rev. J. M. Jams: nd Mesers. T. Lane and T. W. Moas; Broad. way-Rev. H. Rawlinge; Ipswich-Rev.Joseph Walker and Messrs W. Tatham, G. . Holl. day, J. Murray, and H. Edmeadee; Too woomb--Rev. G. Hervey and Mesers. H J. Oxley and T. Martin; Grey-street-Revs. W. Day and J. T. Waraker and Meesre. H. J. Fairfax, B. P. Schleuokor, and E. W. Walker; WhSrf-streot-Rev. E. Griffith and Mebsrs. H. M. Beeve. J. G. Cribb. D. M'Nanght, W. Thorne, C. H. Barley, and C. M. Bostrom; Blacketone and Goodna-Rev. B. Hogg and 'Mr. W. Reason; Bundaberg-AMesers. T. Baines and G. H. Shillito; Gatton-Rev. S. f. Whitehead (atrived late); North Ipswich Rev. T. Jonee and Meesrs. Darby and T. Ros e; Milton-Rev. W. W. Watts and Mr. C. J. Cribb; Poak Mountain-Rev. C. T. Roper and Messrs. Abell, Alcorn, and Bader; Southport-Rev. J. Davies ; Towneville-Rov. .J. C. Warner and Mr. G. F. Scott; Bowen Hille-Rev. A. Sutherland ; and Minden 'Reve. C. Borndt. Berrotl, and Mr. Heiner. The Rev. Joneph Walker occupied the chair, in the absence of Mr. P. M'Lean, during the opening prelimaries, and, after singing, read ilg a porticn of the Scripture, and prayer bh the Rev. J. T. Waraker and Mr. Smith, a letter was read from Mr. M'Lean, regretting his unavoidable absence, after which Mr. WALKEtr formally welcomod the dele. c tob Ipswicb. -They would do their beet Fr the comfort of the visitors, and he hoped they would all stick together during the sea. eion. It was hie pleasing duty to welcomn one to them wh e wa not aetranger amongst them, and who, therefore, scarcely needed anintrodue tiin He refprredtotheirelected President, the Rev. E. Griffith. He did not think they could bhow anoy greater mark of respect to that gentleman tbhn they had done by electing him to the proud position just as he was about to -etire.i He had very great plesure in intro Sdooin Mr. Griffith to them as'the Presideant O the nion. (Applause,) (Mr. Griffith then t* ok i seat as Chairmah.) On the motion of the Rev. 3. Walker, seonded by the Rev. W. W. Watts, it was decided that the Rev. J. C Warner hould be secretary pro fem. The Rev. E. Wrsoir rose and took th. opportunity of introducing Mr. R, W. Henry, of Ghlgow, to those prerent, accompanying the intrrdution with a few very eulogistic re mark.. Mr. HeBer, returned thanks for the manner in which he had been received, and spoke of his oonnection with Congregationalim in Soot land. Be had journeyed through America e-d other placee ned he regretted missing the meeting of the Union in onads, bht he hoped to attend the one in Sydney when it was being ."o.d." "b"wo ThefleorAfeY proposed that the two laws \- usually Obeerved in debates should be adopted -vie., "That uo speaker oecupy more than fle minotee opeakiog on a snbjecot," and that "No apeaker should toe allowed to speak twice upon a snujec nless the opener of s debate." The motion coos carried. , The Brboadway, Bowen Hills, Mindlen, Hatton Vale, and Kirohheim Ohnroches were nominated for memberiship in the Union. Some ditounsion took place with reference to the latter Churoh, in which Mesers. T. Baines, E. Smith, and Aeiner, and the Bees. W. Day, Sutherland, and J. T. Waraker took part, and it was eventually dtecided that that body should be admitted, Several gentlemen were eleoted as personal members, while the names oithe ev. 1). Moseop and MesrS. Fraser (de -sased) and A. Woodward (left the Chureh) were Struck off the roll. Two candidatee- -the Ree. G. Heresy, of Toowoombs, and Mr. Wm: Thorne--were nominateddor the position of Prseident. Several notices of motionwere given-onewith reference to the late Rev. D. mepsop-and Mesere. Martin, Fraser, and the Bee. J. Walker were appointed to draft a reso lntiob anent the matter. The other motion had regard to p titioing the Government about the better protection of womeo, and the Beves. J.T.Waraker,J. C.Warner, and Mr. Soott were deputed to draw up aresolation in con nection thereyith. Another actice was given respeos?ing the supprecsion of immoral litera. tare. Also, we the payment of the secretary. The Seoroaan then read the report of the Esxeputive Committe, a.followe: "lt'o dy we bring to a close the twenty' sighthyear ofeOUr euietenceas aOongregational Union; and it is a happy ooinoidence that we coaebrate to-morrow our birthday in the 'mother Churcb,' ano under the presidency of o?ur venerable friend, the fiBrat President of the Union. "To have been eparbd to see more or less of day.light for twenty-eight years is no trivial kesphonsibility. We trust that thttis report will show that we are realieing the responsibility, and are striving to do our duty. "'L- LDELoATD BoeUSneSS. * '"his report meat, firat, deal with- the bolinese s pecially referred to the committee by the last annual meeting. "1. The committee were 'requcsted to take into consideration thbe resolation of the Vic torian aUbilee Conferenoa re the importhit question of en idternolonial Congregational newspaper.' The conference resolution re mitted the question to the several Unions, with the suggestion that the practicability of alter nate fortnight!y issues, under s-common title, from'Melbourne and Sydniy, be specially con -iderad. " This resaltion has not reoelved full con sideration, but the qouetion has been raied, in committee, by meano of a resolution pro posing the adoption of the Aultralian Inde pcndeu.au our oloia organ. The resolution was withdrawn, after disouasion, and the queo. tion stands today where it did lost year. It will be for this aeoembly to say whether any further action shall be taken. "2. The rnoluotion re the Congregational Hymnal has been forwarded to the Churobes, ms directed; and, in somn eanes, the book has been adopted, with very satisfactory resunite. "3. The resoldtion urging the committee to send representatites to the annual asuemblies of other denominations has boon met by the appointment of the Chairman and Chairman elect as 'the Congegational deputation. We would Oaggest that thin arrangement be made permanent. " 4. We regret to say that the way has not opened for carrying out the ouggestion of a conference of representatives of the Proteetant Churches of the colony, '* wi:h a view to co operation ia the establishment of Churches in eparuely- populated diotriota.' T.o adoption, by the committee, of the policy suggested by Dr.Hannay-viz., that the Union should, for the.present, aim at consolidating the work now in hand, and etrengthening the denomina tion in the entres of popu~lation-provented soy iecided action being taken. But the intter bi of the utmost importance, and should not be loot uight of by this ausnmbly. "5; The resolution re the needed increase of our funds led so the appointment of a oub. committee, who recoommended '(a.) The distribution of a leaflet setting forth the objects of the Union; a nupply of these to be placed in the hands of the ueore tarieu of aunilinrien, for the use of callectors. '(I.) A eonfeenoo between the seoretaries of the Union and the secretaries of auxiliaries upon the bost methods of keeping up an interest in home mission work, &oe; an annal meeting of each anziliary to be apenially recommended. '(c.) An effort to form auniliaries in Churches now debarred of that privilege. '(d) The adoption, with a view to inspire more conlideoce, of the policy recommended by Dr. Hanonsy-vis., First, strengthen your. selves in thu large centres of population, even though, for a time, you have to leave fields you would fain keep, unouonpied. Next, in carry ing on this work. aid no place that does not, ender your aid, dcvelop a spirit of self-aid. '(e.) The publnation of the purpose ef the committee to exercise the greatest care in the seleotion of men, and in the expenditare of the money raised by the Charhes. "Theso recommendations were unanimoasly adopted. A leafet has been prepared, and Jagely oironlated in the Churches. A confsir. ence has been held between the necretarirs oel I the Unionand the secretaries of the auxiliaries. as euggeated; and, though no new auriliaries have been formed, we believe that what has been done will be productive of good results We urge again, to-day, the importneance of an earnest interest in the working of auxiliaries. ".g TherecommendationrcaC ongregational 'Temperance Sunday' has been met by the ad oetion of the day acset apart by the Women 's Christian Temperance Union. "7. The resolution re the grantto the corree ponding secretary heas been met by the Rev. E. Griffith undertaking to collect the amount by private sebscription. "It will thus be neon shot meet of the matters delegated to the committee have been dealt with mnore or Icas eatisfactrily. "I.-Missoon WOws. " We have next to report upon the mission weork ef the Union. We wish that we could report a year of Fprogreas all along the line; but the past yrear has been one of trial in macy parts of the colony; and, if Churchee have only held their ground, they give proof of earnest, faithful work. We ask careful at tention to the fauts. " BUnDABEnGno. "The Rev. Thoee. Moore continues to labour with acceptanee at Bundabhrg. It is oheeriog to notice that, during the year, the Church membership has shown an increase of five, and that the Sudayaschool has grown in the num ber of both teachera and scholars. The at teadanne at the services keeps up to the average of last year. "The full grant of £100 has been paid to the Churoh b; but we are happy to be able to report that Mr. Moore's committee have resolved to bear a large share of the financial hbrden, and bnhave asked, this year, for £75: insetead of £100 This action is deeply gratifying; and we as sure our friends in Bundaberg of the truest sympathy of this Union in theirefforta. There remains still a debt of £250 upon the Chuzch baildiug. " Towoavn-ILn. "From a variety of causes, the Church at Towneville has not fulfilled our expetations, or the expectations of its minister. Mr. Baggear reports, *Numbers have come to os, intending to stay, but lack of work has robbed us of them. For the past nine months the town has been practically dead, and some time muett elapse before any general improvement can takeplae. Many ot our best supporters have left the district. Again and again our teask has semed too difficult to be faced.' The committee have thought it necessary that a deputation should visit Towneville,and report upon the condition and prospects of the Cbhurch, and any further report is hardly possible until the report of the deputation has been received. We can only say that, in spite of the diflicul ties, the Chureh has managed to pay its way, and that there is evidence of some recent im provement in the congregations. * MARYBOO UGoH. "We regret still to have to report that the Maryborough Church remains closed, except for Sunday-school purposes. The secretary viited Maryborough, in March, and reported upon thedesirablenessofre.openingtheChurch; but the committee have been unable todo any thing as yet. It bes encouraged us to receive a letter recently asking permission to open the Churoh for Sunday.school purposes, This has been cordially granted, and a school has been sommenoed. The committee would like to be able to invite Mr Pierce, whose collaege courre closes at the end of this year, to take up the work in Maryborough. They trnet this as sembly may be able to empower them to do this, "Sousnroar, Sss SUT/POBT, "This Church, under the efoient care of the Rev. J. Davies, still continnes its work under hard conditioua. Since the new churoh has been opened the congregation bhas been weakened by the commencement of separate weork by the Preobyterians and PrimitiveMetho. daiets. During the visitors' season, Mr. Davies was able to report a very satisfactory at tendance. The Church meets avisitors' need; and it is earnestly hoped that our friends who visit Southport dnring the snmmer will make use of the opportnity of encouraging a deserv ing work, by their presence at the services a?nd their help. The winter attendance has not been satisfactory ; but the presence of three ministers and Churches where there is only room for one seems to the committee to aufficiently explain that fact. "One very eatisfactory item in the South. port report is the increase of the Sunday sbohool, during the year, from seventy scholars to over 100. The establishment of a Band of Hope, which continues to flourish, must also be noted with eatisfaction. During the year, the debt upon the property has been reduced from £243 to £238, and the property has been improved at the cost of some £40. In all there has been raised, during the year, the sum of £13. Our friends are to be oongratalated upon that result of their labors; a end we btret that this year may see abundant spiritual prosperity. The thanks of the Union are due to Mrs. Oribb for her special donation, kindly continued to Bouthport through the year. "GAeroo aD T?T?mILL. *"Our friend, the Rev. 8. F. Whiteheadb oontinues his eteady work at Gatton. The report for the ysar records, among other thbiogs, the completion of the minister's cottage, at a cost of £165, the wole of which, with the ex. oeption of about £12, has been met. The membership of the Church at Gatton has in creased by five during the year. At Tent. hill, a weekly collection has been substituted for a monthly, and has led to a slight improve mentin the finances. The scoretary has twice visited Gatton and Tenthill, and Mr. Hogg has conduoted a successful mission in the distriot. We are glad to know that our friend Mr. Whitehead, has recovered from his reoent'ill ness. "Reost. Jji 4 "TheBinday-eobool, at Roma, ?ondcted by Mr. Searle, still prospers, and a Band of Hope meets in the church. Wb regret to be no nearer the prospect of sending a minister to Rome than we were at the lost annual meet I'ge. "PoAg MOUA "Pros tiooreNue,~ "At the alose of lat ygear, the Rev. A. R. Bailey resigned the charge of the Peak Moun tain Churches, and relinquiehbd the ministry. The Rev. C. T. Roper, who had been assisting the Rev. Joseph Walker at Rosewood, was in. vited to.undertake the work at the Peak for a twelvemonth. This arrangement received the approval of the committee, and Mr. Roper entered upon his duties, with the intention of preparing himself for the ordination examina tion provided for by the Ministerial Qualfica tions Committee. The 1ec. Joseph Walkersand the secretary visited the distriot,a few months ego, and reported favourably upon the work being done, and upon the inclusiaon, in Mr. Roper's ' parish,' of the Church at Parga. Since then a meeting of representatives from the different Churches has cordially invited Mr. Roper to accept the pastorate, and tbhe com mittee have heartily approved of this course. During the year, a miasion has been held, by Mr. Hogg, at Teviot, and another, by Mr. Walker, at Flanders, both of which have beea produnetive of good. We heartily wish Mr. RopeR,to- day,every esuocess in hie work at the four Ohurches which now constitute his charge. It ts gratifyiug to note that thtese Churhobes are voluntarily auggesting a smaller grant this year, "This closes the record of our mission work. We would remind our friends of the circular previously referred to, which states the policy of the Union, and the purpose of the committee to use every eudeavour to see that the money provided by the Churches is properly ex pended. We regret that it should astill be necessary to receive a grant from the Colonial Missionary Society; but our work would be eadly restricted without it. We have to re port that, this year, the special personal grants previously made have ceased, and thata con solidated grant of £200 has been assigned to the Uneion, for use at discretion. We ask for the honest help of our friends to make the best possible use of this money. "III. INDEFsNDEc CHUBRoua. "It is gratifying to be able to report a general improvement in the Congregational out-look in this colony. Oar self-eupportiag Chnrches have increased in number, and there are signs of growth and vitality in manydireo tions. We raise God, and pray that these iaeeo of bleasina may a an earne of great prosperity. In the absenoe of details, we can only refer to the most patent facts regarding our self- supporting Chnrohee. "I. IPswrIO. " Thia Church. under the vigorons pastorate of the trev. Joseph Walker. has beenbleessed with many signs of encouragement during the year. The attendance at the services has increased, and there Las been a growth of interest in the general work of the Churoh. The successful formation of a Young People's Guild has been one of the signs uof the times in Ipswich. We especially congratulate the Church upon the results of the mission lately conducted bfMrs. Baeyertz. That so many, especially of the young, have been brought to Christ should constitute the beginning of a new era in the Ife of this Church. We pray God to establish the work of His hands. "At the varaoue preaching stations around Iyswich the local preachers have done good ser vice. The distances to be travelled are, in many cases, very considerable, and our friends are to be congratulated upon the earnest way in which this work is done. Some of the preach' ers render help at Blackstone and Goodna for Mr. Rogg, and at Purga for Mr. Roper. "NonOTH IPsw-cH. "The Church at Noath Ipswich has passed through the trital of a charge of pastorate. The Rev. E. Wilson was compelled, early in the year, and much to the regret of his people, to reeign the charge on account of tfailing health Mr. Wilson afterwards accepted a hearty call to the Church at Rookhampton. We congratulate the North Ipswich Church upon having found, in the Rev. Thie. Jones, so suitable a aucceaseor to Mr. Wilson. Mr. Jones comes to us with xoellent credentials from the Primitive Methodist denomination, in connec tion with which he has done good work for several yeare. We heartily welcome him, to day, into our followehip, and pray for the Divine blesing upon bhisa labours at North Ipswich, " WHeARF.SErL T, BaISBA-NB. "After prolonged anxiety, this Charch has now secured a enucceseor to the Rev. E. Griffith in the Rev. W. boott, of Hnll, England. Those who know Mr. Scott best believe this to be a settlement rich in promise. Mr. Scott will arrive in Brisbane about the end of Novem her. We can promise him a warm reception; a_ re, to-day, give to him, in anticipation, a very hearty welcome into our fellowship. "At present the Rev. J. C, Warner, who alies cacme to us from the Wealeyan denomina tion, is assisting the acting-pastor with great acceptance. Mr. Warner has already won many triends among us, and we trust it will not be long before he finds settled work in our midst. We heartily welcome him, today, as a personal member of the Union. "Mr. H1. P. Schlencker has been doing useful work at the Mission Church, in Keetastreet, where h large Sunday-school has grown up, and well-attended services are held. Mr. Schlenoker goes shortly to Hackney College, strongly commended by our committee and the Churches. "The Roe. E. Griffith continues as acting pastor of the Church untal the arrival of his sucoessor, when he will lay down the bnrden of pastoral work, after nearly thirty years' miniatry in Brisbane. May bis cloing days be peace, unclouded by any darkness. Gai"naernnT. "Since our last meetings this important Church hau welcomed the Rev. Wm, Day as its pastor. Mr. Day was trained for the minis try at Hackney College, and was pastor of the Cbnroh st Farnham, Sbrrey, for three years, be fore coming to the c?clnies. He is approving himself 'a good minister of Joesus Christ,' at Greystreet, and under his ministry theChurob and all its agencies are 'renewing their streneth.' Mr. Day has already made the nac quaintaunce of several of our Churches, and has been heartily welcomed by them. We give him, today, the wider welcome into our Con gregational fellowship. Steps have recently been taken; by the Grey-street friends, tosecere a now chburch. A splendid site has been pur chased, for £f000, and a brick church, oapable of srating 460 people, is in prospect. In con nection with this, an aneonymous offer has been reeaived of £1 for evePry £1 subscribed up to £1000. This is probably one of the most gen erous gifts, in connection with church-building, that the colonies have seen. " BBIoHTaNc.OAD. "Our friend, the Rev. J. M. James, con timnes his work at this Church with aooeptance and success, During the year a mseuse has been erected, cloea to the church, and Mr. James has taken up his residence in it. The absence of details prevents any further refer ence to our friend's work, nave to express our hearty good wishes for its cootinoned success. Werejoies to be able to report that Mr. Jamea's health has considerably improved. "O'CosaL.L Tows. "Difculties have arisen in this Churchb, dar ingtheyear, which have prevented suooess; buct Mr. Clark, the energetio minister, is still hope ful. Steps, however, have been taken which, we trust, will secure for our friend a more su;table sphere of work. "MIoirO,. "This young Charob still makes progress. The present membership is 103, as against sixty-four lost year. The Sunday-school isa large one. The following words, quoted from the annual report, will show that (dod is bless ing the work: * The attendance at publio worship increasing, and the need of more soc commodation for the Suudas-sohool being urgent, it was decided to do away with the two class-rooms in the front part of the church, thus affordiog increased space for the worship. pers, and to erect a buildiug, at the side of the church, containing six class-rooms, for the use of thu echool. This has been accomplished, and the sensible relief gratefully acknowledged.' Upon this undertaking a debt of about £100 ctill remfi . tj. " BaoAnwar. "In Deoeeber last, the cause at Broadway, previonsly under the supervision of the Grey. street Church, was formed into a separate Church. under the enerretio pastorate of tbhe Rev. 8i. Rawlinge. We heartily weloome this young Church, to-day, into the Union. The annual meeting held, last week, showed that the work of the year has been eminently satiefactorily. The churchhas been enlarged, at a cost of £323, of which £138 has been raised. The present membership, including thirteen at Salisbury, is 107. There ie a good Sunday school, and an evident spirit of earnest neess pervasdes all the work of the Church. The Churches at Salisbury and Mount Gravath are, at present, under the pastoral care of Mr. Bawlinge, aided by efficient local preachers from varioeus Churches. " BOWx. HILLS,. "This is the youngest of our Brisbane churohes, and has been formed under the efforts of the RBoy. A. Sutherland. By the formation of a separate Church here, another of the branches of the Wharf- street Church is taken out of her hands. The work of the year has given many signs of enuccess; but, having? a debt of £SD00, and interest on that amount, to meet, the friends have applied to the Union for a grant in aid. We trust that this Church will continse to prosper, and that a strong cause may be built up under Mr. Setherland's ministry. " fCCxscOn o " This year has been one of very severe trial for the Church in Rockhampto. The year commenced with the erection of a new church, which is a credit to the denomination. The new property has been duly vetted in the Congregation'l Union under the model trust deed. Before the building was completed, serious difficulties arose between the pastor, the Rev. G. Chapman, and the offiers of the Church, which led, after long contention, to Mr. Chapman'e resignation. In March, the secretary visited the Church, on behalf of the Union, preached the opening sermons in the new abchurchb, and made lequiry into the canuses of the troubles that had arisen. Hin report was presented at a special committee meeting, held on his return, and, at the desire of the Church, the committee urged the Rev. E. Wilson to take up the work at Rookhampton for three months. This Mr. Wilson did, and subsacquently reeelved and accepted a cordial Invitation to the pastorate. The work, how ever, is one of exceeding difficulty, owing to the fact that the Rev. G. Chapman took a considerable part of the congregation with him, and commenced work, in the Protestant Ball, under the name of * The Congregational Min aion Cnroh.' We trot that Mr. Wilaon's health will enable him to remain in Rookhamp ten long enough to again make the Chorch strong and vigoro. "TOOWOOMBd "In the absenco of any details of the work here. we can only say that our friend, the Rev. G. Hervey, still labours with energy and enn oes at Toowoomba. "BLACSTONzE tND GOODnA. " The Rev. I. Rogg coatinuee to labour in this united pastorate. A mission was lately held, at Blacketone, with good results. The Churches at Blacketone and Goodna have been helped this year by a grant from the Ipswich Church. "GeIam. "This Church, under the pastorate of the Rev. L. C. Jamieeon. moet now be clseased under the head of Independent Churchee, the grant from the Colonial Missionary Hociety having ceased. We have no information reo epecting the work. "KoBCuHEuu. ENW. " We have received, to-day, into our Union the German Churches under the care of the Rev. Christian Berndt-vic., Kirchheim, Mio den, and Battoo Vale. These Chuarches are situated in the Rosewood distriot. They have a memberbship as follows: Minden, 84; Hat ton Vale, 68; Kirchheim, 25. We heartily welcome these Churhea and the Rev. Chris tian Berndt into our fellowship. " This review of the work of our self-sup porting Churchea, while here and there dis couragiog, is, on the whole, one that calls for gratitude to the Great Rea of the Church. HIe has visited us with blessing. "GaNnaBA." "It remains to refer to a few points, of a general character, arising out of the work and experience of the year. The death of Mr. Simon Fraser, ever a warm friend of the Con gregational Union, and its President in 1876 and 1877, calls for sympathetic notice. Mr. Fraser was one of the most prominent of COn gregational laymen, a leader in the Grey-atrest Church, a ohampion of free Church principles in Parliament, and a ready helper in all de nominational work, as well as in manywider fields of usefulnaes ; and his loss will long be felt. Mr. Fraser'e place, on our committee, was filled by the appointment elof Mr. H. P. Schlencker. "Another link binding us to the past haes been broken by the recent death of the Rev. D. Mossop, at Rokehampton. In varions parts of the colony the name of Mr. Mosaop will long be remembered. At Ipswich, at fouth brisbane, at Gympie, and at Mook hampton he has represented the cansee of Christ in the Congregational interest. His death woeas preceded by a long period of failing health, and by the gradual and, at last, total loss of sight. He bore the burden of suffering and darkness with patient seubmiseivenesa, and he has now gone into the Land of Light. " We have to record the appointment of the Rev. T. J. Pepper as official representative of thie Union st the May meetings of the CooD gregatioonal Union of England and Wales, and our appreciation of the able manner in which he has discharged the function. We are glad to hear of our friend's returning health, and we trust he may sonon fod a euitable sphere of work in some part of tkese oolonies, where he may be [esparod, for many years, to do his Mester's will. "The efforts of the committee to place the misisters' retiring fond on a satisfactory basis have met with considerable sacces. Tie generous offer of f£50 from our unfailing friend, Mr. Martin, on condition of feaour other dons tions of like amount being received, has led to three out of the four donors being found-vic, Mr. George Wight, who, though, to our re gret, still absent from the colony, is yet a warm friend of Congregationalism here, and who is doing us good service by his ablereporte of oar work in the Victorian Indepmderft; Mr. Wm. Thorne, who, after a long absence in England, during which time he lost pojot of his interest in the work here, has returned to the colony. 'never to go again;' and Mr. Ferguson, of Rockhamptoo, who has always been a true friend, notonly of the OCliurch in Rockohampton, but to the general interests of our denomins tion. The claima of thisefund will bebrought beo. fore this assembly by Mr. Martin, on behalf of the committee, when we treust a satisfactory basis of operations will be found. " The Revs E. Griffth and W. W. Watteaned Mr. P. M'Lean have been appointed as our re. presentatives on the preliminary committee of the Australasian Congregational Union. "The Ministerial Qualifications Committee have adopted a standard of expmination for andidates for ordination, which will be given in the report of that committee. "The denominational book-oase, with its oontents, has been removed to the Wharf etreet vestry. Additions to the library are invited, and the appointment of a librarian is earneastly recommeauded. "The committee have decided to unite with the Coegregational Unions of New Sooath Wales and South Australia in the production of a combined ' YearBook.' The reasult wilt be a great saving of coat, and the ciroulation of a book that will be worthy to take its place on our shelves as a valuable record of Congre. gational work in Auntralia. The pries willt be lid., and the book is earnestly recommended to the Churches. "We close this report by referring, with sincere satisfaction, to the formation, during the year, of the Brisbane and Ipawcloh Minia ters' and Deacons' AessocPiation. The meetings, which are held quarterly, promeise to be ex ooedingly useful in encouraging a needed cprit de corps, and in stimulating the spirituael lite of the Churches. "In presenting this report, the committee desire to thank the assembly for their con tinned confidence, and to urge upon the Churches the duty of earnestly doing their best to strengthen and encourage the Church extension and mission work whioh the Union is endeavouonring to do." During the reading of the report, several rounds of applause were given at intervals On the motion of Mr. SWHrrela D, secouded by Mr. RtvE, the report was adopted. The Treasurer, Mr. T. Martin, then sab. mitted his annual balance-sheet, which showed that the total receipts amounted to £266 10t. tl.; this, with £170 from the Colonial Mis eiouary Society, brought the receipts to £436 10s. Id. Against this there were disbasements amounting to £386 19s. 9gd., thus leaving a balance in hand of £49 10os. 4d, The balanae-sheet was adopted after a little discussion between Messrs. Holiday. Shillito. the Chairman, and the Revs. W. Watts and Sutherland. Mr. Martin submitted the report of the ministers' retiring fund, as follow : "At the meeting of the Union held last year, this committee reported that they con eidered that the amount in hand must be raised to £1000 before a satisfactory scheme could be formulated for the establishment of a ministers' retiring fund npon a permanent basis. "From the information which the oommit tee have since received relative to the working and rapid progress of the New South Wales ministers' retirsng fnood, they are now satisfied that a start may safely be made with the ncleuns in hand, which has now reached £570 7s. 10d., and that benefciary members may be admitted forthwith. ' The aconstituting of the New South Wale fund, as now established, is the result of much experince and careful revising, and, us suchnb. your committee strongly recommend this Union to adopt it as the bist of tbhe Qaeens. land fund. With this view, they now submit, for consideration and adoption, a code of roles substantially identical with those of the New South Wales fund. "The promise of £50, made by the treasurer, oonditionally upon four others, esoh o0ontribat leg a like eom, has been taken up by three friends, and it is hoped that these meetings will not close without the fourth £60 being promised, thus increasing the mucleue to £820 7s. 10d.- eaum suffdiont to assamre intendig beneficiary members that the fund will be adequate for the granting of annoities when claimable under thebs rules; and the committee express the hope that other sums will be at once promised, o uas tobring themeantu p to £1000. "The committee recommend-l. That all the connected Churchee be invited to make an anneal collection, or to contribute one saorae mental collectio.n made in each year in aid of the fund: 2. That honorary members be iol vited to join either as life or annual eutaeribere; and 3. That ministers be urged to show their appreciation of the benefits offered by joining as beneficiary members." The printed rules and scnale of charges likely to be imposed were submitted, and, with the report, were adopted after some discussion be. tween Meers. Ii. J. Orley, E. Smith, E. W. Hagresveas, and T. Martin. The delegates then repaired to the school room, where refreehments were handed round by Meadames Tatham, E. W. Hargreavts, Beutler, and Walker, and Misses Cribb, FPotec (two), Murray, end Trotman. In the evening a publio meeting was held and was largely attended, agreat many com ing with the intention of hearing the address of the president, the Rev. E. Grnflfith. In the pulpit with Mr. Grifith was the Rev. Thees. Jones, and the latter conducted devotional exercises, after which, Mr. Gtiffith delivered his addrenss, as follows: Brethren, -I most deeply and gratefully recognise your desire to put houour on me by placing me, as a retiring pastor, in this chair. As the firSet Chairman of the Queeneland Con gregational Union, I hava now before me a review of the work of that Union for twenty. eight years. The progress has not been each as over-sanguine men might have predicted, but it has been snob as those who saw it at its beginning, and see it now, are not ashamed of. There has beeno progress both steady and macked, and the present outlook, as embracing a look bhokwardl and a look forward, prescens indications that are certainly not discouraging, bat, on the other hand, are encouraging. Ie is a pity, and, to me, a source of nasorrow, that today, after twenty-oight years' existence, it can still be thought necessary to explain why we exist, or to apologine for our exietence; but it is a fact that these are obstacles in the way that, in some minds, preventa cordialand thorough identification with the schemes nod objects of our Union. Probably, these exist from imperfect knowledge of those Echemec and objects, arising from a too partial examina. tion of them. That this should be our rexperi enee as a Union, to-day, is not remarkable, for it took yeaers to remove objaectione and pre judices against the Congregatioeal Union of England and Wales, which, even to this day, does not take in the wider circle of what is called the United Kingiadom. But those diffi culties will vanish as acquaintance hecomea more full, as from that acquaintance will epring alliance, friendship, and love, the fruits of which will be enlarged cooperation with ans, and increased practical eymrathy with our sechemes, and such a consequent flow of money into our treasury as will make it possible to do more in mission work, now crippled by want of means, to place our annuity eoheme on a safe footing, and provide a large sam for loans to church buildings. The land is before us; it is for occupation; we maust occupy it if we would be true to our antecedents, and worthily represent those who have left as their good names to protect and defend. Let me, as standing on this platform, in the ferst Congregational Church of this colony,with which I am identified as the first Congregsa tional minieter of the colony, aim, as I look back a little, to connect the present with our past and future, Our presentsi iiflenoeed bky that past; our future will be irfiluenced by our present. A good foundation, well and truly laid, can alone bear the superstructure intended to be bailt thereon. If that founda tion is a shifting one, then will the building be shifting and netable., We live after death we live in our works that follow ns, in the influence that we have exercised, even though no braee or marble records our fame. The seed is cast into thebo ground quietly, with out sound of trumpet, and it grows, we know not how; but it does grow, and th faull corn follows the ear as that follows the blade. So we are, as Paul says, built on the foundation of the apostles and prophete, Jeans Christ being the chief corner-stone ;and thuswe live. As on the watch~toower, still looking and trusting, we sea over again the past, with its cloudsa and sunshine, with its trials and die appointmente, its failures and defects, with hopes cherished. and inspired, with purposes formed, yet nfulfilled, we see the present with bright promise. Thore is the sign of an ahbundance of blessing-fields white for har vest-a prospect of beauty and advance if. faithfal to our obligations to our Master, we fsainteot, fall not out by the way, but press on, ever hoping, never faling. Taen there is no greater certainty, in this world, than that in due time the harvest shall come, and the reapers shall rejoice. We shall progress not by leaving foundation trluths, but by building on them well and wisely; there is no true pro gression in departing from the foundation. Some of es are passing on, soon to pass off the eaoene, but some of you will see the nearing harvest, bright nod beautifulas it appears to our faith and hope. I have eeon the paet; I see the present; the future is but before my eye of faith; but I do see ahead the bright promise of a glory you will enjoy as you make it. Ohl be faithful to your truest, brethren. " Rook of Ages, let me stand On The brow sereneandgraod ; Thence to view the way I've come; Thence to catch a glimpse of home; There, where toils and troubles cease, And the soul finda perfect peace." What is oar position We are Christians finrt,eubjectl toone Master, even Christ, waiting and watching for the indications of His will, even wishing to obey His voice. We are Con gregational Christians; and never was I more so than to-day, I may have been more keenly controversial. I may have been more like a man of war from my youth, with my coat of mailand helmet and sword. That was then necessary, as it was often necessary to silence the babbling utterance of ignorance with solid reasons for the hope that is in us. One of our ministers, who has borne the burden and heat of the day, usnes words which I endore.--"l I am a keen and eager Congregationalist, just becanuse I reoognise in Congregationalism one of the best and most effectual barriere against sectarianism." At the botton of all our evan gelical religion there lies this great fact-that what we believe, what we hope, what we are, what we become, is not our achievement, but the gifts of oar Heavenly Father, by His grace in Christ Jesasn, and by the ioflaenece of His Holy Spirit. "Few generations (says Dr. Maolaren) could have been cast in such a whirlpool and maelstrom of contending forces ae that in which it is our lot to live. On the one side, there is that strange, almost galvanio, revival of craee eaoerdotalism which points to a puerile love of the externals of senasuonos worship percolating through all parts of the Choristian ChOurch, and indicating a most extra ordinary and unexpected growth of aen6e bound and faithlaolhing formalism. There seems to be existing a kind of gospel which would make the salvation of the world pretty much a matter of clothes, dress, and nmform. oEach age has had its peculiarities in this rec speat, from the time of the Puritane, with their cropped hair, until our own, with clerical vests and tasselled hats ;but in no case has the ansumption (ae Dr. Maolaren pets it) of eacoer. dotalism been more marked. The powerful words of Dr. Hannay my be quoted here " He believed that, to-day, more perhaps than at any other day that has preceded, what the anxlone, waiting, enqairing, hungering and thirsting people of the world wanted was not the Christianity held to be expounded from the pulpit, but the Chrietianity embodied in the lives of the people, Men were looking now at the question of Christianity or no Christianity, from points of view from which they never looked at them before. And, in the embodi. meat of Christianity in the Church, and in the lives of those who profeassed, would be fond the power of tbhe days that were to come in inoaulating the lives of nations with the new life of Christ." There is, in these pregnant words, the reminder of the solemn fact of our rerpoesibility, o Ye are not your own." That renponsibility lying on all is to serve Christ, to labour in th Lord. "This (eays Hugh Price Hghea) is a very different thing from labour. iogifr the Lord." There in thas, brethren, in oar Christianity, this special duty. Men must be strong in faatb before they can be strong in tbhe palpit or from the pew. Bare we too much doctrine? Have e enough? Dotrine mnst be the basin of Intellhgrnt faith; though God works through the heart to the head, though Be says love Me, obey Me, that you may know Me, He says, aleo, Believe in Me, thatyou may grow in wia. dom." Yes, there is but one foundation; the heart mest be established- rooted and groun ded-and then there will be the co-operation of heart and life-the embodiment of belief, aod the proof of faith in what we do ; the proof of life in how we live and what we live for. The salfish in as will ho kept down; the service we render mast not be measured by what we get for it or by it, nor the acts of our faith turned into works for getting faith; but our lives must be the outburst of deep, underlying zeml, and, as the fruit, union to Chriet; thus, become the source of growth for Him-abiding in Him, we shall bring forth much fruit. We areOChrietiansfirct. Then, what is ourteaching ? What ought it to be ! Do we not believe-ought we not always to teach-that God is one; His attributes, His uatore, oneo? Are we, in our teaohing, in our believing, dividing what God hath joined? Are we imagining that we know better than He what ic required for sinful men ? Do we attempt to modify (as some say) the sterness of the law, and to hold back unrighteously the truth in rererenoce to it? Do we dwell on the attributes of God as if they werein anotagonism? Do we so exhibi| the humanities of Jeanes as to conceal His Diety ?-or the reversee ? Ar e we slow to say, or afraid to say, that the Divine love most te punitive, and that the Cross especially shows this ? Are we so taoken up with the ideaof love as to forget that love is never aujust, and that justice must Ic. in necordance with love? les our way of exhibiting truth so one sided os to appear as if we were only partial believers, if not unbelievers, and afraid of the whole couosel of God, afraid of the poliion taken by the Apostle, when he said, "'knowing the terror of the Lord, I pernsuade, for the love of Christ conestraineth me.' To dwell on one aspect of the Divine character, and to ignore or forget the other, or to keep the other back -what is it but to withhold the counsel and to keep back part of the message ? Brethren, is there not a danger today lest we grow wise, or appear to grow wise, above that which is written, and even seem to be aiming to banish words from our hymns,onr prayers, our preaoh ing, lent they should not agree with the prscednt fashion, that assumes to be more tender and gentle even than the truth ? and is there not a danger here of so falling into an extreme that. whilst talking of heaven and home, we ignore a hell, and banishment for ever from His presencs ? Is not our safety in khep ing at the cross--in keeping only Christ and Him orucified with all the awful tragedy it in volvces ever beforeas! Any departure from this is retrogression. It is not, although it may claim to be and even clamoure to be, od vanoed thought-it is not that which heas been learnt either in Gethsemane or at Calvary. The cry for novelty can alone be met by the words--" Ye must be born again." A new heart is the only way to see that truth which is so precious to the awakened- the only way to the discovery of that which is new (over new) to those who are taught by the Lord. Let us, brethren, as Christians living the truth-loving the truth-presahiugitin our lives, ever keep clone to our commission. We are Chrietianse first. Christ mat he all to us, and, if we quit our stondard, and our Chrchbes sink into schools, and our ministers into apostles of culture-if they leave offseeking to heal the hurt of the people, and take to die coursing on the last scientific theory; if they seek the plaudits of men rather than by any m?esans to save some; if they are more intent on popularity than to be oseful in bringing sonls to Christ-then will the people who are intent in their eearch for the truth, who han ger and thirst for it, find some other home than the Churches of our order, and "caha bob,' will habe written on the walls of our deserted sanctuaries. May I here, as in con* neotion with thir, give you the words of one of the most snuecessful of the meinon workers in Lcndon, who has recently published the resnlt ofthis three yearn' efforts in a poor distriot ? He describes his mode of work and the means adopted to attract to the preaching. One of theoase he specially refers to as that ot" pleasant eveninges," which he often provided. These were for scientido amusement and also for Scriptural teaching. The object, one, the 'enthods mixed; but he gives it as his opinion that the evil of these outweighed the good done by them. He speaka also of the adver. tieing as operating to gather religions gad aboot, who searched advertisements to decide where they abshould go to get most exaite ment, and who broke the Babbath in their rush after what he desorihbes as high fly ing, squib-rooeket evangoliam in all its form." The experienes was that the end did not seanctify the means, nor did the good gained counterbalanoe the evil done. No I brethren, we most keep to the theme and not be aeshamed of that Gospel, which, however foolish in the estimatiea of the Greek, is the power of God, the divine method for eonvert ing men. We are Christians, Chrintian minis tere iras, but we are Oongregationaliste nexrt-our system is even more valuable as it is proved; its wisdom beaomes more apparent as it is studied; so broad is it that it can embrace all forms of aotion, an. restricted by hard and fast rules, It has in itself esufficient power to supply all its need, and it is not necessary to go out. side Congregational independeancy to did its work, for its field is the world. But Congre gationalism is not merely a form of Govern meont, it has its history, and in that history appeasv as the unfailing, anfli:r.ching, unfalter ing, consistent witneses for and of evangelical truth, unfettered in the language it adopte, and not cramped by the words of the creed; it takes the truth, the wholetroth,and nothing but the truth, emblaeDoing on ite staudard : "One is oar Master, even Christ; we all are brethren" -"and everyone mnst give account of and for himself to God." With etch persuasions- withsuch principles-how in it that oar history, as well as those prinociples, are so little ender steaod even amongat narelrve; why is it that our literature, of which none need be aebshamed, is so little n?ed? Why is there enuohadinponi tion to ignore our own in order to use that of others! Why is our hymnology netasideif not in or charurbs; yet, in our Sunday. sohoole, for another, have we not sufficient attaohment to our name and sufficient faith in the suitability of our own hymn book, that we must nse another, asd when any special, or any ervangelistio service is resolved on, adopt other hymns, or prefer to sing our own out of other books. It is a puzzle to me today, it has often been a puazle why our own baaotiful hymn book is set side on these occasions, and why, by ocar actions in doing so, we should theus imply that for auch purposes our own hymnal is unsnitable. Bmall matters are pregnant with suggestion, as they are often fall of great meaning--idicating the feeling and thought, as defenders of, and strongly attached to, our own congregations--ever feeling that its free dom and its strength is based on its spiritu ality, be it oure so to defend the trath as a living powet, enjoying the liberty where with Christ ha made on free, and glory ing in that expressive comprehensiveness which adapts it for the world, and thns conddent in our power, be consistent in our aotion even to what some may (but which I do not) eatemm trifling mattere--ioon. nisaeooy is never a trifle, and it nsually gee from the small to the greater. We rejoioe that oar system is ao thoroughly opposed to officialprieetism. All are priesta to God who are in Christ. We are opposed by, and we have to oppose most strenuonsly, that Chriat iunity which, as the offspring of aeurdotalism, in its influence onfieoes and dwarfs the mind. Our noMe history in the pst reminds as of our ancestors; their deeds are before u i we are the aons of those who batled, crowned, and mitred tyranny; our privileges to-day are the fruite of that baffling, and, as we are faith fult to duty today, so will our nooeseora re alise their obligation to us. The future, as we look for it, is in a world emancipated from tyrany-tyrasny of ain, tyranny over thought, and tyranny by Booleaiasm--a world bowing at the feet of eeaes, hailing Him Lord of All, giving to Him in all things the preemi. none. 8o brethren let us feel that we have a heritage to depend, and to hand on; a heri. tags not now attacked as formerly, but which yet has to defeat the efforts made against its pirituality, by mausue issiduonely employed. which appear in a gale that weoeannot strip off is order to be folly aware of the lurking hidden danger. Thus there is in the Churchianity. I have referred to a revival of the ides that the sanctuary in the alone plaone-for prayer, that the service of God is a perfqrmanoe for priestly hands, to be made attractive anyhow. even by the introduction into it of the frivel oue, the fantastic, the omate, resting the hope of suecoess, as far as noumberis coecerned, in the force of the machinery, rather than in the power cf the Holy Ghost-seeking in ths at traction of numbers, in the form of chorsmses to awake--looking for the thunder, earth quake, or storms, rather than to the still small voice-that voice which speaks of Cbrist'a live, and bees its sweet eonstraining irreds tible power, whilst it draws to the cros, nd conquers, when terror faile. It is for as, bretlhren, as Christians, as Congregationalists, to maintain that we have received a gospel, that has mase ns free, sad hbs raised our int. tsellot to welcome profundities and fathom depths in that sea, at whose shore we stasd, and say,. "Oh the depth of the riches, both of the wisdom and knowledge of God." With profound faith in the Word and its power, let us take heed that by no action sn our Christian life, we imply or insinuate that we have come to think that the ol truth has lost its power, and that, therefore, we must adopt aot corta of sednuctive modes, and by advertisement, trumpet, and show. strave to; draw attention to our proceeding. The Bible has yet in it a sufficiency of tsxts, without its being necessary to leave it and B2d texts elsewhere. Our miaion is to exalt Christ, to lift 1im up, Lhus to draw and thea to seek ad eave sinnerse-it is for as to do this with the meanse He has appointed. So lift Him up, and so to do it with oonfldese that He will honour Bis own truth. Let us work whilst the day lasts, for the night is at hond. Let os work inspired with lore full of cheerful, confident expectanoy, withl the eye on the Master as our example, our. support, our rewarder, who has given Himself for us: given Himself to ns. Let ns rmelie what our mission is, and do it. That mission is to extend His kingdom-is to be aggrssie not competitive: aggresuive as againea sin an satan-on the field of battle, though not for party name, yet for faith and freedom, as eon tending earnestly for the faith once delivered to the saints. There have been eotfliots in the pst history of our charauters. Even in Queensland, victories have bseen won, ground has been gained, and we must notgo back a single mnah, or yield our vantage ground. What han been done to free religion fmmla onbus of State-aid-to free education from de. nominational fetters-must not be forgotten, nor must we recede from the attitede we ham token-that, in a healthy condition of 8tate, the woek of odnoation is not the State's bal-? ness, for, when parents do their duty, the State need not be parestal; but, if thenmeoeasity to taske the parents' part arises, thea it must be exercised with supreme regard toe the rights of conscience. Thus, in a oommualty like ours, great wisdom and care is needed in connection with the educational position we havetahenup. TheBiblh, preoiousBihle-.et a common book, but the Book of God--is too valuable to be lowered to a common positen and to be treated as a mere eobho book, and i is too sacred, as testifying of Jesus, to be re. garded as a fetish. We do not forget that thes letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life; let is defend the Book, whilst maintaining our pro found regard for it, and be careful that we arem' not beguiled into alliances with those who, ignoring our positions, would fain, tnder na apeiones ory, gain our assistanoe to keep for ward Christianity. A word here is enongh- am speaking to wise men. To our yonager brethren in the Ministry, and the Charehes, who are our hope and pride, let me say, the taudard we have upheld falling from orn hands, or rather we feel our hands areftiling to hold it up as of wont. It is aglorions tanner, it bears the marks of the battle and the breese it is worthy of your defenoso; and in oat work let us all so work as looking forwiel for the glory oh.be revealed, reefsted'bg world renovated, redeemed, and glorified, and each one personally antioipating the joy to be reveasled in us, and to us when we Him an He is, and shall he like Him. Ths then let us be faishfal and joyos, knowlgh whom we believe, what we believe, and wht moaner of persons we oeughtto be, as thus bs lieving. Finally, brethren, farewell. LetoPr manner of life be worthy of the Gospel Be an adorning of the gospel, that so Ohrist mat be magnified in oar bodies, in oar life, and is our death. "Toil on, and in thy toil rejoinsoe; For toil comes rest. for exile home; Soon shell we hear the Bridegroom's voie- The midnight peal' Behold, I comel'" SAt its conclusion, Mr. Oriffith was loudly applanded, signs of appronation being aimo manifested at intervals during its delivery. The Boy. J, WatLK then made several as founoements in connection with the onion to day, after which a united communion asrvioe was held, is which a ilrge psumbor partili paled. The Bew.J. M. Jam mdelired o ry earnest addres, p trepratory to the saramest heiug administsrd.d 