CHAPTER nr. " When shall I know the great sigh of relief, the thank God it is over?" Thorp took up his station in the dressing room adjoining Sir Stephen's bedroom, and in puzzling over the patient's oase, very soon forgot the ostensible eause for his being in the hoDBe. Midnight passed quietly, bat the sound of the olook striking the hour reminded him that it was supposed to be the proper moment for ghosts to walk, and with naif an idea of trying to discover whether any malicious trick was really being played npon the credulity of the household, he took off his shoeB and Btepped out into the corridor by the side-door of the dressing-room, It may here be mentioned that Sir Stephen knew nothing of his being In the honse. He stood in the darkness for a few moments, listening intently, but no sound except the drowsy ticking of the clocks reaohed his ears. He was debating with himself whether he should go outside for a breath of air, and whether he Bhonld be able to find his way in the dark to that little leads facing east, whioh was said to be a favourite resort with Miss Balling ham. He moved oautiouBly down the corridor till he came to the spot where he knew it wee bisected by another, and very muoh narrower passage. Oat of the gloom a form suddenly shaped itself, precisely similar to that described by Tompkinson. He dashed softly after it, bat was uacertaia whether it bad gone down the stairs or towards the glasB door. His eyes straining throngh the aarkneBB saw something that looked like drapery etraight before him, and rnBhing npon it grasped the window curtains on the upper landing. Oureing hiB folly he fled down the stairs and out into the garden. Ihongh it might prove to be only a maid servant meeting the batcher's young man, he was resolved to pursue and expOBe the im prudent fair one, by way of patting an end, once and for ai!, to theBe tales abont ghostly visitants. He wandered all over the garden, however, without being successful. There was no moon, and the sky was cloudy and threatening wind. Be stumbled over bushes, tore and soratcbed himself on thorns, and ran more than one of the burrs, that lay loose on the sand, into his feet, before he reaohed the hall door which he had left open. Here again he waited for more than an hoar, watohing for the reapoearanoe of the shadowy form, bat no vision of any sort came again within his range. He went softly upstairs, and out of the leads, where be began to think he onght to have Btationed himself at first, for here he commanded a view of the thiokeBt part of the shrubbery. But though he kept watch there and in the corridor by tnrns till the dawn began to glimmer in the eaBt, he saw no being, speotral or otherwise. - He made no mention in the morning of what he had seen, bat merely said he should prefer to be near Sir Stephen Tregarthen during the following night. The servants seemed to have calmed down to their work under his influence, His professional duties oocupied him all throngh the day, and it was not until past nine o'clock in the evening that he made hie way to Stornoway; Honse. The wind had been blowing hard sinoe sonrise. and had risen now to a tempest, charning np the sea and sand together into a yellow rage. He thonght that Mrs. Horn and Mies Bellingham looked relieved when they saw him, but he had no opportunity of talking with them. 8ir Stephen Tregarthen wbb worse that evening, he was qaite sensible, bnt there was a touching suggestion of the wasting and etherealization of death in his features. He made no seoret of the pleasure he felt in seeing Thorp and begged him not to harry away. " I wish yon wonld get well. Sir Stephen," the young man Baid impulsively. He felt strangely moved to know himself vained by this man who to him wonld have seemed like an abstraot type of culture, withdrawn already into a tranquil region from which the death he longed for ml only the portal to an infinite intellectual life, but lor that moment of aelf-betrayal in his dellrioos appeal to Adria Bellingham. There was, alter aU then, something to bind him to this world. The sick man lay qnite still for a long time withont speaking. Thorp was half- afraid he had offended by referring to what ma supposed patient had tacitly forbidden. " Joa are young and rash," Sir Stephen said at last smiling faintly. " I know what sou mean, and taking your word# merely as an expression of kind feeling, 1 am grateinl for them." _ "But why will yon not live? .Thorp naked imploringly, sitting down beside tne bed, and entreating with eyes that said more than his words. " You have not yet ex hausted life—there must be pleasures still for one like yon, who know so well how to press the sweetness out of existenoe, x our BenseB are so fine— " So far from having exhausted life, I nave cot even begun really to taste its flavour* btr Stephen said, Bpeaking quietly, .but with glowing eyes. " I have passed qmokly from point to point of thiB modern life of ours, but there is one that eludes me. The boundary line between as and the spirit world wears very thin and transparent, but happiness, the fulfilment of one's being, lies beyond U and out of ourireaoh, thongh we are deceived a while, and think to graro it with senses nerhapa not fine enough to knows tts easenoa if we shonld possess it. l)o not wish that tne cloud of physloal personality shonld thioken round me again, and shut out even the dis tant view of the promised land." Ontside the storm inoreased, Mid the shrieking of the wind* pud the sobbing of the waves interrupted Sir Stephen a words. He olosed his eyes again, and after a while Thorp thought he had fallen asleep. . The dead silence in the room, and the noise ot the wild temptsst outside grew eerie, and Thorp peeped out behind the curtains at the white raging sea glimmering ghastly through the darkness. By-and-by the at mosphere of the bed and dressing-rooms grew oppressive, and he felt a strong in clination to breathe the outer air. He re membered the leads looking towards the east, and thonght it would be sheltered from the violence of the wind by the house. He p&Bsed; down the corridor, and made his way outside, looking the glass door behind him. But even here the wind was intolerable, and the air Beamed full of Band. For one moment he was blinded by re ceiving a cloud of sand in his faoe, and as he turned to unlock the glass door he found hinsolf face to face with a tall black appari tion wearing a monk's cowl, below which grinned a hideous luminous face. It was but for an instant that his half-blinded eyes be held it before it had vanished. Thorp dashed open the door, and fled, down the stairs without pausing in me thoughts to reflect npon the best way oi pursuing it. The moment he was outslue again the sand blew in hie face, and he in voluntarily covered his still smarting eyes with his hand. Once again he oaught sight of a dim Bhape moving among the shrubs, and for the first time the need of caution in hie own movements occurred to him. He clipped hie boots off, and orept among the buaheB noiselessly, winding his way in and out, till he was startled .by the sound of voioeB close to him. His heart throbbed wildly, hiB brain seemed on fire ; he orept nearer, and now he eaw the high pointed oowl, the tall black form outlined upon the darkness. There was a brief oonfuBed frag ment of coneoionenese, a claep, a straggle with something that was most distinctly flesh and blood, a furious blow on the head, a foot caught in a tree-root, and a heavy fall to the ^'ihor'p was on hie feet instantly, hut the moment's advantage had allowed the ad versary to escape. A white miet was. blow ing rapidly from the sea, and shrouding all that the darkneBS had not made invisible. He wandered abont the grounds with a dizzy head and trembling limbs, wild with exoite ment, and shaken by the blow on the temple, but oonld see no more ot the black figure nor of Its companion. He went back to the house, feeling enrethat for thiB night at least there would be no more pranks played. That whioh be bad gr&Bped; was as surely a man as it was not a ghost. He was awakened early in the morning from a light dose by Tompkinson, who stood beside his bed with a pale face. •'What has happened?" Thorp oried, starting np from tne bed. " Js Sir Stephen worse, or is another of ths maids in fay* "^•nV, sir, he seems just the same; bat the body of a man has been washed up on the beaoh this morning. Nobody don t seem to know nothing abont him, and there b to bB an inquest held. Mr. Clay from the hotel eent up to know if you'd come down, bit, as Boon as convenient—the body lies there. Later in the day Thorp stood looking at the dead man, and marvelled at the beauty of the features marked now by the high dis tinction of death, It waB impossible to gnasa what angry etaine of life those chilly fingers might not have wiped away—what vulgar needs were loat in the majeaty of repose. The hande told the story better. They were white, soft, and characterless, the long flat foot, the limp Btraight hair, confirmed the impression of a nature without force or enTtof'man had met his death by drowning, there was no doubt: the empty brandy flask In bis pocket suggested a cause. On this flask, now eoaked and. dieooloured by.eea water, was a name, originally written in ink, bnt now partially effaced. The Christian name "Albert" woe deciphered with Borne difficulty, but of the surname only the first and last lettetB "L and r" were legible. There was no evidence forthcoming at tne inquest, he bad very little money in his pockets, his linen was not marked, nor was there a letter or card found on hie person which would serve to identify him. A verdict of "found drowned" was re turned, and arrangements were made for bnrying the body on the following day. Thorp went bis rounds among his patients, and returned as before to Stornoway House for the night. It had been raining heavily all day long; towards evening the Bky lightened, the wind rose high onoe more, rattling the windows and doors as if it wonld buret them in, roaring in the ohimneys. whipping the sea into a whirling froth, and flinging enowy auivering masses of foam upon the sodden sandhills. Sir Stephen seemed gradually sinking out of life: he was perhaps not perceptibly worse from aay to day. but in the last week there had been & sad difference. . "What a melanoholy thing it is that this noble fellow should have fallea under so strange a witchcraft as Mub Bellingham a spell. Literally he is mad about belaud yet, perhaps, it is no such wonder. I know I onght to be thankful not to have to see her too olten." ... ... He elghed deeply in the exceBS of hie grati *°He watched in the corridor that night for en hour, but no sound broke the monotony of the wind and rain onteide. He went out on the leads and watched, but still there was no sign of the apparition. Finally he Btole softly down stairs, and went ont into the garden, heedless of the rain. He moved back into the shelter of the porch, for a slight grating sound struck his near. Hla heart stood still, for there, oloee beside him, oreeping out from ahalf underground window, j was the long veiled form orowned by the conical cap, the grinning ghastly face. He made a dash, caught it in both arms, and dragged it struggling and panting into the ball. 