;? ·i' !2EN ;. .; 4':" How Waq?'lDIxe Ilu?F IS,,..r AN .D IIANG AOdUS -IOAL iBStCOTTtOS.N5 In T In~iba'o ith ghloat was quite a celebrated lharactur at the ,commence. meat of the present century, andt the court records of 1804 contain quite a good description of him. :Fr months' a tall white figure haunted the lanes and churchyard of Ilammerseoith, now aLondon suburb, but then a country town. ,Vomnen wereliterally frightened to death, and many men developed a speed in escaping from the phantom which they had not flattered themselves upon possessiug. An anti-ghost league was formed, and all the able- bodied men in the neighbonrhood tooni part in a vigorous, .not to say vicious, hunt for seuse of the alarm. This vigilence committee weas unsuccessful, for, al though its nembers cauglht a glimpse of the. phantomn, ir appeared to have the power of vasishiog at will, and no trap could catch it. Finally the wife of one Francis Smith was crossing the ohufthygrd at dusk, when the ghost op. peored and chased her home. Thepoor woman was completely overcome with fright, gave premature birth to a child, aed expired. Smith smarted for re venge, and, taking his shotgun, went out into the night to lay the ghost. By this time it~wus very darlr, hut. Smith could divcertn something white- moving actross tihe'clhurohyard. Without delay' he fired, and found to his horror that he had shot a neighbour who was .wearing a white dust coat. Smith wasarrested. convicted, and sentenced to death, liut was not executed, and was soon relnased irons prison. Among the many eases on record in which Alleged witches have ?e.n con demned to death, tihers are fee- in which any bona-dde evidence was brought f.orwar'd against the miserable wretches, wfhcse doonm was sealed before their arrest. ' But the official records of the trial of two widows at Bury St. Ed. ±eunds, in i oc2, sesek of evidence of a tnest reonarkablo kind. Thus when three of the complaining witnesses canto into court to swear information, they f?ll down in hits, and after screaming Were stiuck dumb, and roemained so', ittil theconviction, when they imme diately recovered the power to spelttc. The' evidence at the trial was very lengthy, 'and the amount of corrobora tion ;uae:lquite tedious. Pains, aches,, and other troubles were spoken tOe'anod thie Ohief Justice, who seems toi have been a humane man, decided toput the prisoners to the test in' court. The reve lationewere so extraordinary chat the. fury convicted the prisoners, wot vera: duly executed, " whereupon thoesutadry and., divers persons who had hiesta 'Its-' wit~l d d trbubleddid regain their wited vigitt, tr,. tl )so 'ismhttad uunil tlieir stheth hy uatural and p'roper C?auses. • ,. - ;, , ti.ntlheis year 1i3j a young woman fialtled Anne Green was tried at Oxfoad tor the merder atf her.olildi The evi dec?€,tas very tnsatisfastorv, and many! believed in the innocence of the'girlh ftdt site was convictedi sentenced to be hanged, tend duly executed. After halging half an hoer the body was cut' down, 'placed in a coffin, and sent to a house to be dissected, Although the tope. had not been removal, and tiha aaose was still tight, those who opened the coffin' observed a movement of the Woman's breast, " whereopon one Mason £ tailor, intending onlyan act of charity, ?et his foot upon her, and one Oum, a ,oldi~r;,etru'ck her with the butt end of hie "musket." But when the doctors ceanoethey found life still existed, and proceeded to adopt steps to secure Itar recovery, "by opening a vein, laying her in a warm bed, and also using divers remedies respecting Iemr eonsalusenesse :inssoinieh that withtint fourteen hours site bsegk:to' pray very heartily," This revival was regare. i by the people as an interposition of Providence on behalf of .the innbuent. 1utt the l:angmau was lees superstitions, and demanded the irPel'that he might." complete her ex' .eenti on hter." 'rite ,ldetors refused to c?omply with the tequest, secured a Io mel pardon for the young womar, who'married, and lived happily tor many : years; . Early. in the eighteenth centutry a men named Smith wae committed at the York Assizes of house-breakling and sentenced, with many others, to ho, hanged. The evidence ngttittt ti't accused was very uneatisfactory-, and •would not hlava senured Ihis detention •for an hour in this more eolightened and merciful vgea Smith was pi-oaiised a : acommutation if he would confess, 'ut he continued to protest his innocenice. He wa a banged for fifteen minutes, when he was eantdowm. lie aoon recovered, " in : cd?istquonee of bleeding antd otlher ep plications," and lived several years. HIis account of his glimpse into eternity is thus 'reported by reputble eye and car witnessrs: - "'When he was turned offhe for somea time was seccible rif very great pain, 'o?oeiono: by the tvoghtt of hit. body, aod felt Isis spiiits in a strange commO timiol blently prehoing~ upwanrd; that laving forced their way to his head, hs saw a great blaze or glaring liglt, ahich seemed to go out at his eycs with a.lish, and then he lost all senos of pati. That ifter he was out down, and icgan to come to himself, the blood and spirits, fsrcine 'themsoelves into their faoner clmunels, put him by a sort of pricking or shooting to such intolerable paid that-he could have wished thoss hnaged ~lho had cut him down." SUnfortunately for the pointing of. a nidral;- Smith's familiarity with the gal. lows seems to have bred contempt for it, for he subsequently went astray, was oaugh't ini thle act, and ianded over to the hingmuai. "Half-hanged Smith," as lie was called, did not on this second occasion suffer from a return of those revival pains he so vividly described. Those who ha-e no belief ia modern oiracles and are sceptical as to remari able esercises of Providential aid may say these cases are all old, and that uuch thats is supernatural in them may be accounted for by the superstition of the ages and by the inaccuracy of re. cords. But there was a case at Bristol, during the present decade, is which there can be no possible inaccuracy of record, f'sr the facts were fully reported in sll tim leading journals, and .wre diseussrd'inParliament at the timej An. elderly lady wats founsd dead inher, bed, aiud her botlesr, a nan uuamed Lee; was arrestre'fod'tihe .crime. There seemdo little evidence against the man,' sisopt, his presenesla thise house at. tie titue, an?d the report off his conviction and eentenuo was received witlh sa'me sur pise. The scaffold was erected by~the prrbosesilosalhangman who tested it and fcusd itto work all 'right. Lee Was led up the ~stoep, p'rattiot~. Isie inno cence to thie last.: T?e, haugmau pulled baclk?:l?e balt,; but the :trtip did not fal, St prisesd aind annoyed, ho stamped .on it with one:.fooa, hbut it still reiisted. Finall3;' the bolt was : replaced and · the: fuserable Le'lled toone side, On in vestigation nothinsg was found wrong, and indeed th :.trap fell of its ow.n weisght. • Agas-nit was adjusted and Lee placed ansit,lint agaii itrefuord to act. A spryst.iiiounsawe toni possession of else as'sem-tbled. spoctatots; whio'i;was we - c'eased..1when the hangnmani tisied for.the t!,ir~l:tiilie tcie l toesetm ' his tlsst . tk i s dpatites stamped sissultaueossly on the: t'i's:dbor'which'resisted: ll sfftlts- and after over no :hoursY deais3 tihe :sh'essut ordared the prissnet,:.hblZ :bito hisi cell; aid tlelrjpi?sshiedto tisia nome" Sd'orntafr for" 'ssstrsictsons:: Lhe v, aos; was sdit: sussed in Pailisment; and it sias :decided tht lias Len could stat ,ase hianjus~ I he sisauld.be imprianOed fOt life insteads Le'o titfiliuted his escape to P,'ovideiscr, snuc hsrl~sls·'ee"Sdai's ago a tr;acup coas feesod' to having cosutitted the murdnier, and ' .disciosd Wvh'er tlhs'ido w's' vihlu-'l shies had'been concealed pslblia opision snodiased l'isaat i?rt:'ti diuled asseitibns; eslseci?lly:.as . this s'ehelhious trap.doar was sobs quently d?eed o:,'s the acuual murde?er with marked success. 