CHAPTER VL FEET OF OLAT. Be patient, my BOUI ; thou hast at another t'rna suffered something ntUl worse than this. It is character more than talent that ensures esteem. No one can be really great who has a low moral nature.-BLACKIB. "The day and the night and life goes on." But the day and the night are only the caps which hold our measure of Life's wine or water. To each the measure of the cap is the tame, bnt the mingling thereof has an eternal and illimitable variety. Who can ? say that they have had two days preoiaely alike? And yet Mrs, Pennington felt as if the slow weeks of August were made up of a dreary sameness of waiting and anxiety. Towards the end of it, however, George's affairs were so far settled that the writing of a certain letter became a necessary duty. No one knew when she wrote it, bat all could see that she was watching the mail with an intensely painful expectation. For three days she had suspense and disappointment.! Harriet saw that her distress was so great that she could not swallow. She heard her soft footfalls overhead in a monotonously restless walk. She perceived that she had panted the hour in which society U endur able, and was watohing and waiting in a solitude which enabled her to give her soul some release from the restraints imposed npon it, even by the company of her son and daughter. On the evening of the third day she was fortunately alone in the house. Harriet had gone to an entertainment with her lover. George was wandering in Mellish Glen with Bella Clncas. In the midst of the eorrowfal thouehts which possessed her, Mrs. Penning ton suspected this, but it was as only as one reepontibility is remembered among a great many others. When the house grew dark in the early . gloaming, she went into the garden. It was ablaze with dahlias and full of tbe intoxicat ing perfume of Angust lilliea. A sleepy, old-world air pervaded it; in the grey twi light it seemed like a very haunt of anoient peace. But the solitary side of oar nature loves tbe sea, and Martha Pennington turned her face towards it. Its everlasting murmur answered the restleBB beating of her own heart. Tbe silence and seclusion, the pale radiance of the new moon, the ebb of the tide serenely drawn away, insensibly calmed . and comforted her. A deep, peaceful sad ness hushed tbe tumult of the past anxious days; she spoke to God softly and plead ingly, as a child may speak to a father, and He answered her. It was in this peaceful mood she heard a firm deliberate step approaching-not the .tep of any of her household, and yet its eoho vibrated dnlly on some chord of memory. She turned slowly and with a certain fear to meet it, A man was coming towards her, a tall, rather stout man in the prime of life. She whispered his name, though she had no' ' seen him for twenty years. In another moment he was holding her hand, and g-iz'Dg with wondering pity into her lace. *' My dear Martha! " My dEar Robert! I am in trouble, Robert, and there ifl no one bat you-I wrote a letter!" "I am here to answer to it. Where are tbe children ?" "They are visiting-a little danoe at Deemster's that is all. Come Into the house; yon most want some refreshment." "No; I had my dinner at th« hotel. My valet and baggage are there. Until I know all about this nephew of mine, it is best to preserve my incognito. I am your lawyer, your adviser, tell him nothing more; I must be left qnitefree in this matter, Martha I" " Certainly; have yon any news for me ?" " Not a word !" " You are making every effort ?" " Every possible effort." Then there was a painful silence until the house was reached. A very ghost of a smile flitted over her face at tbe door. She bid him welcome, and then led him to a small parlonr. In response to her bell Qaayle came trailing in with candles, and pottered awhile over the window blinds and the fire place. There was a wood tire dying on the hearth, and he brought in more wood and swept the marble stone free of ashes. In the meantime Mtb. Pennington went npstairB. She returned with her hands foil of papers, and when Qaayle had left the par lour. pushed them silently across the table to her companion. They were the bills which Harriet had once examined with so much indignation, the record of George's folly and extravagance. Mrs. Pennington watched the faoe of the man WHO was looking them over with a siokening anxiety. It was a noble faoe, with that strange elusive like ness to George whioh we calf family resem blance. And yet to those unfamiliar,with the family, there would not have been the slightest suggestion of kinship. George was strikingly handsome, his uncle had no claim whatever to beauty. George was slight and elegant in form, his nnole tall and massive. Both were noticeably partionlar about their dreBs, but George affected the utmost splen dour and fashion ; his uncle's clothing was distinguished by a studied simplicity. He was evidently a man of the world and aocustomed to look at things from a very different standpoint to bis sister-in-law. The bills wbioh had kept Martha Pennington and her dangbter Harriet sleepless and miserable, which had shadowed their lives for manv weeks, he regarded, not indeed with indif ference, but without anger and without any intimation that he thought them a final evi dence oi George's utter failure in life. He § lanced at the oontents of each and jotted own their amounts, aB he proceeded with his task. Sometimes a contemptuous smile drew his kindly mouth a trifle downward; bnt in the main the expression was that of grave annoyanoe-euch an expression indeed as a physician might wear, who was diagnos ing the oase of a man who had wilfully brought on himself a dangerous attaok of sickness. Once or twioe he glanced at the anxious mother. His heart gave him a sharp pain when he did so. The dark shadows under ber dropped eyeB, the pallor of her wasted face, were the evidences to him of a terror and sorrow which the world suspeoted not, but which he knew-a sorrow which came streaming up from years long since dead, but which had still power to darken the sunshine of the present. When he bad gone through the papers to tbe last scrap he laid them tidily together, and then tnrned his ohair away from the table. "Martha," he said, " they make a bad list, bnt not a hopeless one. He has been led into the greater part of his extravagance by the mere force of companionship and imitation. He has been in temptation, and been too weak to withstand it-more's the pity. Bat lam sorry you let him sell his commission." " Oh, no 1 Oh, no! I am sure it was better for bim to come home. When a man is too weak to withstand temptation, be must not be sent into it. ' Lsad us not into temptation' -that is the prayer that George-that so many of us-need most of all." "But he cannot remain always at home. And there iB temptation of some kind or other in all placoB and conditions. Cards and dioe are everywhere. Wine and women are everywhere. Siren convents and monasteries have their peculiar vioos, and a man could be a villain if be lived entirely alone. Da you hope, Martha, that if he fails to learn the lesson of life here, he will learn it in another life ? No, no, he must oonquer his faults now." " Robert, I know my son. I dare not trust him in the world again. He mast remain here, and he can occupy his time in the study of the law. Our beat and greatest men here are lawyers. Any position is open to them." " Martha, have you the power of fore casting George's destiny? You see that I have never married. I am never likelv to do so. Prom the saddle of a cavalry officer a man may take any position without embar rassment." " A lawyer, too, Robert." "For God's sake, Martha, let us keep from the law. The sight of a lawyer makes me tremble, and if George is really so weak as yon seem to think I would not truBt him with its facilities. Morally weak men have no more buBineBB with tbe law than a moth has with a flame." A silence, sensitive with the ancle's irrita tion and the mother's opposition, followed. Robert Pennington broke it with an impetu ous question oauBed by a suspicion as certain as it was sudden. " Martha, are you quite sure that you have told me all 1 All, mind I I must know every thing. LesB than everything would be a wrong to me and a dishonour to yourself." She was white as death, she trembled from bead to foot, and laoed and unlaoed her ner vous hands with a piteouB despair. She tried to speak but could not. "There is more, then!" A movement of her head, a dumb entreaty from eyeB full of fear answered him. There is more I see, and worse ? " He rose with the question ana went to the sideboard. A carafe of water stood upon it, and he filled a glass and brought it to her. Then he also drank with an almost greedy haste, and after standing motionless a few minutes, returned to his chair. " Martha, dear, it is beBt to have all con fessed and understood. Try and tell me." "There was a debt to Lord Penrith, I have paid it." " To Arthur Penrith ?" "Yes." " Oh, but that is shameful! Intolerable !" "You must remember that George knows nothing." " True. Bnt, oh, what crnel fate brought those two together?'* " I never asked-a social aocldent. I sup pose. Arthur Penrith had a strong affeotion for George." "Impossible! How could it be? Why did you not put a stop to the acquaintance ?'' " I did not know of it. How should I ? George bad many friends and acquaintances. I knew rose of their nameB. Penrith W>b one iimonu tbem. He had been very kind wonderfully kind-to George 5 so devoted to him that - George - being- in - b-grant strait-one-day " " Go on!" " I cannot!" " Go on, Martha!" > "George-not-knowing - whit-to do for-£800 " "Goon; for God's sake don't keep me in snch suspense 1" She covered her faoe with her handa and remained silent. "You mean that, George-FORGED Lord Penrith's name ?" " Yes I Oh, be merciful, Robert!" He sat stating before him with a gloomy anger-an anger that was almoBt despair. The room was so still that the dropping wood-ash npon the marble hearth made a distinct vibration. And when Robert Pen nington spoke again it was in the voioe of one to whom speech is a fatigue. Tet the slow words were full of pity, and so soft and gentle that they required Martha Pennington to make a mental effort in order to catch their meaning and apply it. " Why did you not send for me as soon as this crime was known to you ?" " Because-because I did not want you to know. Penrith behaved like a brother. George confessed the wrong to him, and he paid the note without a word. He wept like a child-he had so loved and trusted George." "George Pennington is a eooundrel!" " Be merciful, Robert I George wept, too ; I am snre he was bitterly sorry. Penrith forgave him, but has never spoken to him sinoe." " What a horror of shame! Is Penrith paid yet V " Yes, yes. As soon ae George told me I got the money-I got it on my pearls." "You threw tbem away, I dare say." " Let them go 1-sorrowful gems they have been to me." " Why was I not sent for then?" " I thought I oould save you this sha^ie. I thought then that a thousand pounds would put George right. I felt that he must sell out and get away front tempta tion ; and then, after all, I found myself un able to manage his debts-' they kept ooming in,' he said. I suppose he did not really know how muoh he owed. Oh, Robert I Robert! be meroiful to him. We cannot tell how muoh is really his fanlt." " You muBt go to bed now, Martha : you arc more dead than alive. Poor mother! Bear it as well as you are able. I am here, dear, to lift all of the burden I oan from your heart." " Ob, Robert; I wish I had Bent for you before I I wish I had trusted you before 1 I have suffered ! Oh, how muoh I have suf fered !" " And George la dancing and making love, I suppose? What imperishable iai'.h and love there muBt be in women's hearts ! How else would thoy dare to beoome mothers ?" "Ah, Robert, there are so many good children, so many sweet and loving children; and as for tboBe who tear our bearta to piecea -God so loved tbem, dear, that He sent His only begotten Son to be their salvation. Shall a mortal mother be lees merciful ?" "God bless you, Martha 1 I am going now, dear. I must hare time to think before I see Goorge Pennington. Remember, I am Robert Luce to him. I am not sure whether I shall ever know him under any other name." But before the week was over Robert Pen-' nington had begun to think it very likely that he might reveal his relationship to hia nephew. He had begun to really like him. In faot, George Buspeoted from the first moment of their meeting that the presumed man of business was the identical peraon who had carried him in his arms during that mid night journey from the splendid home of his earlieBt memory. And although the strictest formality was observed in publia between Mrs. Pennington ana het brother-in-law, George's senses being on the alert, disoovered an ease of manner, an understood equality, which satisfied him that the reputed Mr. Robert Luce was connected with them by nearer ties than those of business. He carefully concealed this suspicion. He took his uncle precisely at what hia uncle asserted himself to be, but at the same time he paid him the moat respectful and unde monstrative attentions. Tha elder man was naturally kind and unauspioious. He was predisposed to like one for whom he had done so muoh, and whose very personality was linked to his own by memories full of affec tion and sorrow. For a day or two he watohed George curi ously, then be fell, as people generally did fall, under the charm of his beauty and graciouB manners. And for him George thought it worth while to exert bis fine mental abilities. He drew from every source and from every literature apt illustration, witty aphorisms, bits of quaint and ourioua knowledge. He astonished his mother and siBter, even more than his uuole. by the freah and original viewa which he took ot the daily topics of their conversation. Harriet began to think that there wai, after all. some juBtioe in the oUlmB George made for their submission to his masculine intellect and will. She supposed men talked to each other in this way, considering it to be beyond the capacity and cultivation of women. She was in a state of rebellion on this eubject before her uncle's visit was over; ccntinually asking herself the questions about the higher education of women, whioh women had asked uselessly for many a century, until the present civilization brought them the long-delayed justice, the larger opportunities, the grander hopes, the loftier dutieB which were theirs of right. In reality, Harriet did not impress her nncle as favourably as her brother did. No Buspicion as to his relationship influenced her manners. She gave him the gentle courtesy whioh she thought hie position as her mother's adviser demanded; beyond that she was not interested in Mr. Luce. Colonel Sutcliffe monopolized all her time and attentions. Her pretty dreBses; her songs, and BmileB, and conciliations were all for him. " A nice girl," her uncle thought, " but without a partiale of her mother s strength of character, or of her brother's intellect." Robert Pennington forgot, or perhaps was ignorant of the fact, that a woman is never so generally uninteresting, so almoBt repul sive to all the world but her lover, as when her personality is absorbed In the supreme egotism of her offeetion for that one indivi dual. To her uncle Harriet Pennington seemed to have a weak will, small intellect, and very little Individuality of oharaoter ; simply because she had merged her will, her Intellect, and her oharaoter for the time being into the paramount desire of pleasing Colonel Sutcliffe, For her womanly instinct had taught her that between lovers the sweetest concord is obtained by the subjec tion of the feminine character to the mascu line, and that snch a condition is the only happy atmosphere for oourtship. Matri mony, indeed, is a different climate, and has an illimitable condition of oircutnstanoes, tt ih y ot which necessitate thB reversion of thii order, bat they are generally ciroam stuDces briii ^inc; with them sorrow* and a ares thit happy wives ought never to know ! So Harriet was auuremelv blessed in the sweet subjection of these pleasant autumn days. Her mother seemed to grow con stantly more cheerful. It was evident both from her manner and George's lighthearted neeB that the debtB which had appeared so overwhelming were being managed better than two simple women bad dared to antici pate. Sbe threw off the oare of them, and enjoyed with all her heart days so fall of love, so free from anxiety, _ Such exquisite days! It seemed to her as if they had been created specially for this delight-days filled with sunshine and enthralling scents of the rich autumn. Snoh exquisite nights, set in the soft radiance of the harvest moon. " This is the Island of Avalon-the Isle of the Blest ' not far from the terrestrial side of Paradise.'" When Robert Pennington made this remark he was standing with his nephew on the high oliffs of Scarlett, looking at the ceflbi sea and the oalm earth. A peace be yond expression was over both, A mortal must have boon without a soul not to have "Yes," George answered, thoughtfully. "OnefeeU the insane folly o! gaslit gam* bllng hells, and crowded roaring raoecouraes, and even of brilliant ballrooms here/' " Permit, not me, bnt my years and my ex rmence to say a few wprds to you, Captain, am going away in the morning/'^ " Sif( my own conscience has said far mope to me than your kind heart would venture upon. I am quite aware ot my #fanlts. I xo* gret them exceedingly, especially for my mother's take and for the sake of a friend who, though unknown to me, has been gene*. rous and forbearing. If yon know who he is, Mr, convey to film my sorrow and my gratitude/' The young man standing in that enohaut* ing light, wilh the ocean before him and the oalm exquisite heavens above him, looked so handsome, so regretful, so that Robert Pennington could not resist the affeo* tionate impulse of his nature. 14 George," he said soft-y,"1 am your un known friend-I am your uncle, Robert Luce Pennington, 1 had the right to do all that hftfl been done $ I felt the right to be a plea sure. My dear nephewt in the future we will try and avoid all mistakes/' He faoed the young man with eyes mistily tender, and put out both nandB. George clasped them with an equal emotion \ then he offered his uncle his arm, and they turned homeward together. Soon the younger man began to talk more freely* to expreBS his sorrow, and to enquire about his future. _ "All your debts are paid, George; the future, unhampered by the pasta is before you. I am against your leaving the army. I dislike the law. I would rather see you wear a captain's uniform all your lifo than the Lord High Chancellor's robes/' "Indeed, Sir> 1 am of your opinion/ 11 Very well, then: what two are agreed upon tares etfeot. What, if I could get you 1 a commission in a regiment going to India? There is alwayB lively work in the Hill Sta tioss." "Uncle, that ifl precisely what I would like. I hate to trail a swora over pavements and carpets; but to flash it against an enemy. worthy of its edge is a diffeient thing," Good, Suppose yon join Sir John Gough? Those mountaineers be is fighting are well; matched even with Englishmen,"' George was all enthusiasm. ^ He delighted his unole, and they parted with an affection ? very sincere on the elder man's aide, and not - altogether simulated on the younger's. * Indeed, be felt grateful for the freBh direotion given to his life, India suggested so many] delightful things-beautiful begums^ clothed. in jewelled silks, marvellous old cities, gold, silver, spices, and ivory, tiger hunts, harems and houris, a hundred delights, all so dob* sible in the imagination, all so impossible in the reality. " ,, , , ,, , , And very soon another thought blended with these strange Oriental desires; the thought of the Manx fisherman's fair daughter Where was her plaoe to be among these Indian pleasures? for he would not give up Bella. Impossible! So he went to sleep pioturing the bungalow surroanded by spice and tamarind trees, in which he would hide away hiB northern Peri, She was to dwell among the treasures of ivory and sandalwood, and cloth of gold and silver She was to oe dreBsed in Daoca muslins and gleaming tissues, and the thin lustrous silks of China, and to quite^ forget under Asian sons ana moons, the little stone cottage in Glen-MeUifih, and the showery, sunny, flowery isle of her birthi And below all the BenBUBOUB glory of these musings one strong self-complacent reflection added a keener zeBt to bis anticipations. It waB this " I euBpeoted all the time who he was, and I played my cards pretty well. I have seen his whole hand, I think !" After hie nephew had left him, Robert Pennington was not so full of satisfaction. He had that feeling which at times has made us all uncomfortable-the feeling that we have allotted our emotions to get the better of our reason. For when the magnetism of George's personal presence was removed, un certainty and doubt rushed in like a cold wind. He went to his sister hoping to be re assured by her oonflding love, and with some shame confessed that he bad in a moment of sympathy and trust, induced by George's confession of his faults, revealed not only his personal identity to him, but also his inten tions regarding his future. The mother cheered,hlm with her approval. She thought he had done right. A sentiment I of aflection would ennoble the sentiment of obligation. Georee had a noble disposition, he would not abnse his confidence. " You have been with him constantly for a week, Robert," ehe said; "have you not been struck with bis many personal and mental excellen cies ? Are yon really not a little proud of jour nephew!" " I confess that it Is very easy to love George, he bat so many evident good pointB; but, oh. my dear M.artha, it would be a sin in both of ns to forget the moral weakness which in a manner debases all his other ex cellencies." " I know what you allnae to. The wretched bit of paper is ever before me; but he is so sorry, dear." " Bat be is weak; essentially weak, be cause he is essentially selfish." " Ob, Robert!" " He is extraordinarily selfish. His selfish ness impairs all biB moral preceptionB. _ What be wants be iB determined to have ; rightly, if be can get it rightly ; if be cannot net it rightly, he is still determined to have it. Do yon understand I" " Yes." " He reminds me of the image the Baby lonish king saw. It was of goldj and silver, and brass, and iron, and its brightness was excellent-bnt its feet were of day / its feet were of clay, Martha ; and neither the gold nor the iron couldsave it. George has beauty, intellect, and delightful manners, and a nature reBpocsive to affection, but he will ernt'fy hlmstlf, though ha ehouH breik evny . bligatioa tn do ic; and rem<-mber this \- Ii ^ulitence is the twin «ieter of Guilt." "If George Has one great fault, he has msDv good qualities." " Bin brightness-like that of the image iB exotlleot; but oh, Martha! /eet of clay, I fear-feel of day." But there is sorely help for this weakness, Robert?" " The patience of earthly love; the strength of heavenly love; nothing else, Martha, and nothing less !" 