A NOVEL GO-AS-YOU-PLEASE. TEN BIJND P'EDESTR?IANS. ] An emtraordinary competition eveentuited on Wedne-day night, 0th itst., between ten competing pedsetrians from the Blind Asylum. It is now sn annual affair to get up a go.as.you-pletse between inmates of the Asylum, nod considerable excitement is caused thercby. This year ten entries were recelved for a three hours' event, froue Si p.m. to It p.m., the prizes heing-lst, £2 Os.; 2nd, £1 7s. lid.; :"rd, ltis.; 411t, ds. .Od., subscribsd by persons who inke a?n unterest in the affnir. The Itrak over which the prizcs are competed for is Mowbray street to l'ont-road, along Puntn.soad to (oemmereintas-ad, thence to St. Kihta-rowd, and up Mowbmay-street to the startiag point at the Asylum gates. MIr. Cartwright kindly acted as referee, and Mr. Carl Woes and Mir. Cartwright undertook to score. Tire eatriea were as follows: - Hughei, scratch; Alexander, Bartlett, Iavis, Duncan, Headley, Haudcook, Hall, Ripper, and Taytor 130I yards start. ttughes was the favorite right up to the time of starling, probably froem the style in which he stripped for tmtaingt. A start was made at ti p.r., the way being opeaed up by Hancoak, who, after an hour's tra vel lintg, had covered eight miles-a remark ably good lprformance for ote with. out guiding lights. Taylor was the first to succumb after covering 12 miles inr two hours. The next to give in swas lRipper, tot the famous Jack oa tiat ilk, but a really respreable man, who. after coveritg 13 miles in two hours anrt a half, comepletely collapsed. The favorite (Hughes) gave in after two hours forty minutes, having covered 1t miles, and three minutes later Davis stopped with 17 miles to his credit. I The running was now between Haucoek, IHIall, Bartlett,.an! D uitcan, who were neck andt neck for the last half hoaus, and at the tinish their names were placed as follo,,s : L* Miles. lrs. Min. • * ancook .,. ... 20 ... 3 3 iHall.,. ... a...an0 ..w 3 5tc tha?tlett ... .. 20 ;... :1 h1i Cjonsidemble interest waso sbo~f inl the contest by vecry one pre?sint, ineluding to0 onlookers, and many a little wagcr was laid on the mtrets of the respective favor. lite; but Hancoek's performancc was quite a boil over, as he was not looked upon as having "a ghost of a show." These con. tests are taken up with mtuch enthusiasui hy the tomatts, atnd much credit is due to ?,oteurs. tartwright, Carl Woess, anit Wmt. Scammell foe tpleiaterest slosys ly thoet is these, our tunfortunate brothers, bhemse hsuchl means healthy enjoyment; is given :to tsoe who, is a groat scanty thitges, are trietsll intm flding oujoymoet fur themsgalves,. 