DURRUMBOI OR DAVIS. By the death of James Davis, better known years ago as Durrumboi, or as Mr. Stuart Russell spells it— Derhamboi, there ended, says the Telegraph, a career without parallel in the history of the colonisation of Queens- land. No equally graphic record of a wild white man exists, and the following incidents. collected from tbe 'Genesis of Queeneland ' 'The Picturesque Atlas of Australia,' and other works on the colony, relating mainly as they do to that period of his life, when he was as one with tbe aboriginals, will be perused with interest :— Davis was the son of a Scotch blacksmith, who followed his calling at the Broomielaw, in the city of Glasgow, and was apprenticed to his father when fourteen years of age in 1822. Being of a roving disposition, he soon deserted his forge and crossing the border, he made his way to the south of England. There, apparently, he fell into evil habits, for in 1824, with three other youths, he was convicted of stealing half-a-crown from a church in Surrey, and, along with his companions, transported to Botany Bay by the ship Minstrel. In his new life also he does not appear to have re- formed, for in 1828 he was again transported to the penal settlement at Moreton Bay, where colonial sentenced felons only were sent. He was there employed at the forge along with a mate, and so liberal was Captain Logan, the commandant at that time, with the whip, that preferring all hazards to the terrors of such merciless role, the two con- victs took to the bush. Proceeding northward, these absconders soon fell in with a numerous tribe of aborigines, by whom they were kindly received. Davis, by no means good- looking as a white man, was recognised a reincarnation of Derbamboi, a lamented member of their tribe, who had died some time before, and according to their super- stition returned to life again. He was im- mediately adopted by Pamby-Pamby, Der- hamboi's father, and his wife, who was still alive, regularly supplied with provisions, and was safe from that moment. His less fortunate companion, however, perished ere long, killed in expiation of an accidental sacrilege in emptying the mortal remains of a deceased blackfellow from a native basket which he found in a tree, and which be appropriated to carry oysters in. shortly afterwards Davis himself very nearly fell & victim to the ferocity of his black associates. By some accidental means he killed the pet dog of his adopted mother, who was to enraged at this loss that she instigated her husband to murder him. The old man at first was not indisposed to do so, as he accused Davis of being omawgooy or ghost, instead of Derhamboi, and as surely threatened to have him killed in accordance with their tribal customs. But Davis turned to and gave the old savage such a merciless drubbing with his fists that he not only sub- him to forgive the death of his pet dog. The Ginginbarrah tribe, in which Davis was naturalised, had their usual place of habita- tion at a considerable distance in the interior, and leaving them after some time, he passed several years in sojourning amongst various tribes until he had reached as far as 500 miles to the northward of Moreton Bay. With all these savages he was treated as a blackfellow returned from the dead, and although be had learnt to become an one of themselves in their habits of everyday life, it was a matter of no small inconvenience to him to find that fresh recognition awaited him with different tribes. He was Derhamboi in Wide Bay, but he had to accept the personality of someone else when he found another tribe, and occasionally his inability to recognise friends who had been intimate with him before his death gave rise to awkward misgivings among those individuals. But it sometimes hap- pened that no identification took place. On such occasions Davis had an answer pat. It was, he explained, so very long since he died that he had forgotten what his name had been prior to that event. After he had been fourteen years amongst the blacks, and had long given up all thoughts of ever return- ing to the society of civilised men, he was found by Mr. Andrew Petrie amongst the Ginginbarrah tribe again in 1842, and brought back to Brisbane. On the 13th May of that year, Petrie's party, who had been exploring for the first time in the Mary River, camped ashore, with the view of ascending the neigh- bouring hills on the following day. They then heard of a large gathering of hostile natives being in the neighbourhood, with Davis amongst them. After some manoeuvring, another absconder, Wandi or Bracefell, who had also spent seven years amongst the aborigines, with one of the Moreton Bay blacks managed unperceived to get in the midst of the encampment, and two convicts in Petrie's crew armed with guns then went forward with the view of securing Davis. So perilous was the adventure considered that the convicts were prepared for it on the understanding that if successful, their con- dition should he improved. When the wild white man and the tame black stole in upon the savages and had fairly got among them, and the former being recognised, had been received without clubbing or spearing, their two white attendants were detected at a dis- tance, and an instant move made to spear them. But Wandi had by this time communic- ated with Derhamboi, and the two white savages prevailed on their black brothers to spare the trembling convicts. Davis, however, under the assurances of manumission, set off run- ning towards the convicts, and surrendered himself to them, followed by Bracefell. A singular scene was then enacted by the brace of absconders, who seemed alternately swayed by their original training and their savage habits. Davis furiously accused Bracefell of having led the convicts to capture him with a view to procure a mitigation of hie own sen- tence. He would credit none of Wandi's protestations, till the latter, moved to rage, became all blackfellow again, and passionately sang a war song at Deramboi. Thereupon Davis dashed off to the main body of whites. 'I shall never,' wrote Mr. Petrie in his diary, ' forget his appearance when he arrived in our camp-a white man in a state of nudity, and actually a wild man of the woods ; his eyes wild and unable to rest a moment on any one object. He had quite the same manner and gestures that the wildest blanks have got He could not speak his 'mither's tongue,' as he called it. He could not pronounce English for some time, and when he did attempt it, all he could say was a few words, and those were often misapplied, breaking off abruptly in tbe middle of a sentence with the black gibberish, which he spoke very fluently. During the whole of our conversation his eyes and manner were completely wild, looking at us as if he bad never seen a whiteman before. In fact, he told us he had forgotten all about the society of white men, and had forgotten all about his friends and relations for years past, and had I or some one else not brought htm from among those savages he would never have left them." Upon returning to Brisbane and receiving a pardon from the Government, Davis first en- tered the service of Land Commissioner Simpson at Woogaroo, and shortly after- wards joined Mr. Eales's manager, Mr. Joliffe, to take up land in the Wide Bay district. He was next engaged with a survey party opening the road to Gympie, a task which took a considerable time to ac- complish. Then he had charge of a search party, to ascertain tbe truth of a report that a man named Thompson, with his wife and three other men, had fallen into the hands of the blacks up north, the men murdered, and the woman detained amongst the natives. Satisfying himself that the story was a false one, he returned to Brisbane and opened a farrier's shop at Kangaroo Point, marrying whilst there his first wife, who lived with him until her death about seven years ago. After being in business several years he sold out, and. crossing the river, opened a second farrier's shop in George street, which he kept until 1864. He then gave up the smithy, and for over twenty years, until his final retirement from business, dealt in crockery ware on tbe premises adjoining the Ipswich boarding house. Whilst residing in Bris- bane, he was also engaged as aboriginal in- terpreter in the Supreme Court, travelling about the colony whenever a native unable to speak English was placed on his trial. His second wife was a person named Bridget Hayes. Wben first taken from the blacks, he had no hesitancy in relating his experiences amongst them, but of latter years he became habitually reticent, and on rare occasions, when willing to refer to his first adventures, at the first question he would abruptly stop jn a snappish manner, and break off the con- versation at once. At the fourth auction gale of postage stamps held by Mr. Thomas Boll, at the mart. Token house -yard, London, last month, some liph prices were realised. Tbe catalogue consisted of 286 lots, of which all hut seven teen were the collection of the late Mr. A. F. Sheppard. The seventeen lots consisted of a number of rare British ''uiana Btampn. The chief attraction was Lot 94, a good specimen of the 4c. blue stamp of 1856 (used), which excited much competition, and was knocked down to Mr. Theodor Buhl, the London dealer, for £37. Tor auctioneer announced that he had been commissioned to put up another copy of the same stamp, but much finer and unused. After competition between M'snra. Wilson and Bohl, this *aa alao knocked down to the bid of £50 by the latter g-ntleman, who has thus purchased the mott exptniiTe st&mP; ever pat np for auction. 