AMUSEMENTS. MR CHRISTIE MURRAY'S RECITAL. Mr David Christie Murray, the well-known novelist and lecturer, gave an extremely interesting recital last night at the hall of the Y. M. C. A. Tho selections yvore all taken from tho works of Mr. Murray, who is to bo commended for tho manner in whioh he made a happy choico between the humourous and the pathetic. Ho opened with "The Diamond Hing," a touching story, which ho dolivored with dramatic effect. Thon followod "The Story of tho King," in which ho related how an overbearing American does an heroic action in tho timo of need. Mr. Murray thon related a brief and suggestive scone, culled from an incident in the London streets, and ho closed tho first part of his progrnmmo with a prophotic nnd patriotic poem, founded on life in Russia. Ho opened tho concluding part with " A Bunch of Wild Flowers," a Bkotch inatinct with desp, tender fooling, and delivered with touching earnestness. Tho last item consisted of a reading or, rather, a recita- tion-for Mr. Murray seldom referred to tho book before him-of " Tho Story of the Showman's Ghost," a well-conceived narrative, but ono that is, unfor- tunately, lost to an audienco not familiar with certain characteristics of English life. Mr. Murray's manner is nlwayB impressive, and his deep resonant voice is of incalculable valuo on such an occasion as that of last night, when ho threw himself heart and soul into his work, and recited with ub much fervour, na well as special vocal and dramn'ic ability, as though ho were in the prosonco of a largo and enthusiastic audionco. Mr. Murray deserves npecial recognition for the thorough way in which ho acquitted himself last ovoning, for there was so scant a gathering that tho heart would bavo been tnlcen out of an ordinary man standing before such a " miserable array of empty benches." And what few people wore presont were too awed by tho lack of numbers to give vent to an appreciation which they must havo felt for a remarkably nblo entertainment by a singularly gifted man. Mr. Murray can write well, he can talk woll, and ho has the power, born of belief in what ho is doing, of instilling you with tho idea of his absoluto genuineness. And ho possesses tho faculty of interpreting hi3 own works with rare dramatic in- tensity, a faculty rarely bostowod on an author. 