MISCELLANEOUS. Mr. John Little has been reappointed a member of the Broughton School Board of Advice. We are afraid that Messrs. Roach Bros.' fihare quotations hung outside this office are more often consulted than the bible. The coming Stanley election is causing some comment, and it is said that there will be plenty of candidates. Henry George says that when an Ameri can woman is presented at Court she spends jost double the amount that an English woman usually spends. With regard to license fees to Corpora tions and District Councils, Mr. Playford says he hopes to distribute the whole amount this week. A shell containing no fewer than 40 pearls is in the possession of a Berlin jeweller. It was discovered by a boatman off one of the South Sea Islands. A sample of scientific English from Nature : — ' The total energy of agitation in an isothermal adiabatic sphere is half the potential energy lost in the concentration from a condition of infinite dispersion.' A monster crane — the largest ever con structed — has been completed at the Chat ham Dockyard. It measures 134 feet from the end of the jib to the ground, and is capable of lifting a weight of 250 tons. There ere 75 resident magistrates in Ire land who hold office at the pleasure of the Crown. Their salaries range from £300 to £675. Twenty-seven of them formerly served in the army. Last week's smelting at the Broken Hill Proprietary Mine produced, from 2,892 tons of ore, 407 tons of bullion, containing 114,103 oz. of silver. Average — Silver, 39 J oz. ; lead, 14 per cent. The smelting returns from Block 14 Mine for the week were 197 tons of bullion, con taining 17,170 oz. of silver, from 662 tons of ore. Average — Silver, 26 oz.; lead, 29| per cent. For a breach of the Press censorship regulations the Biga Gazette, a Russian journal, has been deprived for a term of eight months of the right to publish ad vertisements. A steam yacht built in England lately made a remarkable voyage by sailing across the English Channel, up the River Seine, and thence by canals and rivers across France to Marseilles on the Mediterranean Sea. The application of electricity to divers forms of industry has latterly made great strides. The freshest announcement of the kind is the stride to tannery. The report is that leather can now be produced from raw hide in four days. Mr. W. Parkin, an old colonist, and who some 'time ago was a member of the Upper House, died at New Plympton on Friday last. He has given altogether between £30,000 and £40,000 to the cause of reli gion. Man is the universal animal. It is esti mated that there iB 1,250,000,000 of him on the globe. The eheep rank next with 500,000,000. Three hundred million cattle, 100,000,000 pigs, and 60,000,000 horses continue the list. Messrs. David Bruce & Co., Dundee, on behalf of Messrs. Ant, Dom, Bordes, & Sons, Paris, have contracted with Clyde builders for a five-masted steel sailing ehip to carry 6,000 tons dead weight. When completed this will be the first five-master and the largest sailing ship afloat. A petition has been presented to the Go vernor for a commutation of the sentence on Selina Cocking, who was sentenced to seven years1 imprisonment at a recent sitting of the Supreme Court for vitriol-throwing. His Excellency has decided not to interfere with the sentence. The author of the popular ballad, ' Listen to the Mocking Bird,' is Septimus Winner, who still owns a music-shop in Philadel phia. It was first published in 1855, under the nom deplume of 'Allan Hawthorne;' and the profits from its sale have exceeded £20,000. Four Russian officers have made a bet to ride from St. Petersburg to Paris in 45 days. Having got leave from the Minister of War they are to start in the beginning of May. Now, it is 1,700 miles from St. Petersburg to Paris, and therefore they will have to ride at the rate of nearly 38 miles a day to Win. Nothing is said about relays of horses. At the last meeting of the Royal Agri cultural Society, Adelaide, the Hon. J. H. AngBB offered some special prizes for cattle to be shown at the next show. Mr. Rymill was unkind enough to eay that Mr. Angas invariably carried off the prizes himself, and that he used the society for the purpose of advertising his stock. It is estimated that the increase of popu lation in the United States is 100,000 per month, exclusive of immigration, which last year was 518,060. The present population is estimated to be 64.O00.OU0, nnd the next census, to be taken in July, 1890, will pro bably give 67,000,000. There's trouble Ahead for Uncle Sam, A ' historical peasant' died a short while ago in a small Russian village nt the age of 98\. In the disastrous campaign of 1812 he drove Napoleon I. in a sledge all the way from Moscow to the German frontier. To the day of his death he bad carefully pre served a few pieces of gold which he re* ceived from the Emperor on his flight. A child named E*a Taylor, whcse parents live at Hextborpe, has bad the operation of tracheotomy performed upon her nt the Doncaeter Infirmary. Her mother was drawing one of Eva's teeth, when she took a breath and drew the tooth into the wind pipe. She was on the point of death from asphyxia when tracheotomy was performed, and the tooth was extracted from the wound. The Port Augusta paper says:— A gentle man of this town assures us that he has ex perimented with some of the coal from Leigh'e Creek, and finds that it possesses carburetted hydrogeu (coal gas of com merce). By burning the coal in an iron tube he found that gas was generated, and that he was able to light it easily at the mouth of the pipe. South Australia may yet have a coal-field. Subterranean water has been foucd every where in the great desert of Sahara. In one of the most arid districts a tract of land 120 miles long has yielded £100,000 worth of dates from newly-planted trees. The conclusion is that there is no such thing as really waterless country, and that the most unpromising surface probably conceals water at a distance quite within the power of the well-sinker. A carious little letter appears in the New Zealand Gazette. It is as follows :— ' Pro perty Tax Department, Wellington, 1st May, 1889 — The property tax commissioner acknowledges the payment of £7 conscience money, remitted to the PoBt-office, Inver cargill, by a taxpayer in a letter signed 'Give Caesar his Due.' — J. Speeey, pro perty tax commissioner.' The impression generally seems to be that Csesar gets a good deal more than hie due, and that the conscience money should come rather from the Government than from the taxpayer. Seth Allen, aged 11, of Columbia Falls, Me., is a likely lad and will make his way in the world. When he was eight years old he picked blueberries enough to buy a pair of steer calves in the fall. He broke them that winter, and the following winter hauled laths from the mills, and thus earned enough to pay for their keeping, and now has a well grown yoke of cattle worth $75, which he proposes to sell. He will then raise another pair of calves. A 75-ton ingot has just been successfully cast at the Parkhead Forge. It is the first of a set of crank shafts for the London Electric Supply Corporation, Limited, and is 20 feet long. The shaft into which it is to be forged is 26 feet long by 36 inches diameter, being for the largest electric lighting machine in the world. This shaft, with a 12-inch diameter hole through the centre, will itself weigh 23 tons when com pleted. A curiosity in birds' nests is reported from Polegate, in Snssex. A hedge sparrow and a thrush jointly built a nest, and laid their respective eggs in amity ; the tbrueh contributing five and the sparrow three. Then the friends quarrelled as to which should 6it upon the eggs, the nest not having room for both. After a fierce fray the thrush remained victor, at the cost of two of her eggs, and turned the sparrow out of the home she had helped to construct. A young man was lately foond, in an ap parently dying condition, on the floor of a Paris church. When he was restored to consciousness it was discovered that his mind was wandering, and he was accord ingly conveyed to an asylum. It has eince been ascertained that the poor fellow was a victim of the Spiritualists or Theosophiete, who had been using him as a medium in order to find out what General Boulanger was doing at a certain time. It is well known that when members of the Royal Family preside at charity dinners, and head the subscription lists with hand some sums, they are never asked to pay up. In connection with this a good story is told of the late Duke of Cambridge. He had presided at a charity dinner, and the trea surer of the institution, not aware of the usual practice, asked him for a cheque for his eubscription. 'What,' said the duke, ' destroy your decoy duck ?' The schooner Mobile, which has arrived at New York from the Bay of Honduras, brings news of a tragedy which occurred lately in Raatan Island. A missionary — the Rev. Henry Hobson — his wife, and the latter'e female companion, were all murdered by a colored servant named Joseph Bures. His main object seems to have been to rob his employers of their money and valuables, and this he accomplished. He cut the throats of his victims, and then in a revolt ing manner ripped up the bodies of the women, leaving them in a similar state to those murdered by the Whitechapel fiend. The London correspondent of the Man chester Guardian hears of a wonderful new departure by a provincial surgeon. A small tumor was removed from an important nerve in a patient's arm, and in the course of the operation some of the nerve itself was taken away. This was naturally followed by loss of sensation in the part of the skin to which the nerve was distributed. After 48 hours the surgeon, having obtained a piece of healthy nerve from a leg which had just been amputated, proceeded to restore the continuity of his patient's nerve with the borrowed piece of tissue. The result was that sensation returned in 36 hours, and there was every prospect of a complete re covery. A story of the boyhood of the Rev. Harris Barham,author of the'Ingoldsby Legends,' shadows forth the character of the man. He and a schoolboy friend having in the course of one of their walks discovered a Quakers' meeting-house, forthwith procured a penny pie from a neighboring pastry cook, furnished with which they marched boldly into the building, and holding up the deli cacy in the midst of the grave assembly, eaid, with perfect solemnity, 'Whoever speaks first shall have this pie.' ' Friend, go thy way,' commenced a drab-colored gentleman, rising. ' The pie is youre, sir,' exclaimed the conspirators, and p'acing it before the astonished speaker, hastily effected their escape. It has been ascertained in Birmingham that the man who recently swindled Mr. Austin Chamberlain, the son of the Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, is the same clever swindler who not long ago passed himself off as an ambassador in Egypt, and obtained £5,000 from the Khedive by false pretences. Previous to this he had travelled in India, where he bamboozled an Indian Rajah out of an enormous sum of money. One of his latest achievements was to cheat ? a French marquis out of 5,000 franca. His ! name is Ross Raymond, and Jie is known to [the American detectives 'as the king of swindlers.' He was formerly a newspaper i reporter, and at one time acted as correspon dent in India for a New York paper. | A writer in the Gawler pnper tells the following story : — There are some curious ' mistakes made at times. This is one that happened recently. I know a young lady ' who is of very human disposition, and is ' especially tender-hearted to what we call ! dumb creatures. The other day while taking a walk, she saw some boys amusing them 1 selves with a goat, and, as she thought, ill 1 using it. With her usual impulsiveness she i went up to them and remonstrated with ' them for their cruelty, and as an induce ment to cause them to forbear she added, ' besides, your mother will be very angry, as the goat will give less milk than usual.' The boys at this burst into a loud guffaw, and between their smiles said, ' Yah ! yah ! it's a billygoat.' Our lady friend at once retired, defeated and disconcerted. An extraordinary discovery has just been made, a correspondent writes, in the private asylum of Dr. Dupuis in Paris. A young Russian ladj who entered the institution about 18 months ago, and whose malady is stated to be caused by a disappointment in love, is discovered to be the possessor of a voice of moBt marvellous excellence. The unfortunate girl's brain is in such a state that she cannot understand a word that is said to her, but as soon as music is placed in her hands her senses seem to return, and she renders the most difficult passages with the greatest intelligence and delicacy. If Dr. Dupuis can obtain the consent of the young lady '8 friends, he intends to bring her out at a concert which is to be given shortly at Paris in aid of a charity. Chemists often have strange requests sent to them by people who insist on diagnosing their own ailments, and trying to prescribe for them. Sometimes it is easy to find out what the customer means, as, for example, the request for ' some of the essence you put people to sleep with when you cut their fingers off,' though that seems a long way round for ether or chloroform ; and ' an ounce of the smelling stuff that goes through your brain,' cannot well mean any thing but ammonia. But when it comes to 'something fora sore baby's eye,' or 'a plaster for a man kilt with stitches,' or ' something for a woman with a bad cough and cannot cough,' or, finally, ' something, I forget the name, but it is for a cure,'7 what, in the name of the pharmacopoeia, is a poor dispensing chemist to do ? — Hospital. The Petersburg paper is responsible for the following: — Amongst the spectators at the Yongala races on Wednesday last was Mr. Con Skehan, who, it will be remem bered, was brutally assaulted at the time of the last Petersburg race meeting by a gang of ' spielers.' At the time our local Sam son registered a vow that if the opportunity ever offered he would make things tropical for the ringleader of the gang. On Wed nesday this opportunity came, and, identify ing his man, Con, with no further prelimi naries than the remark that ' he had a good memory,' at once proceeded to ornament tbe cowardly fellow's visage. Not being backed up by his comrades, the ' spieler,' after this wholesome lesson, was only too content to elink away, and for the rest of the day was extremely careful to keep within easy distance of M.-C. Read. Juries have been punishing the news papers severely (writes the Law Times). The Pall Mall GaMette was fined heavily for a very bad libel — bad because it defamed the character of a woman who had been divorced by her husband for a matrimonial offence. It was, perhaps, assumed that she had no character left to lose, and statements were made involving serious imputations upon her for which there was no ground whatever. It is obvious that small penalties would not check thiB sort of personal attack, and if, as the journal itself anticipates, a jury should impose a monstrous fine which suppresses some offending print, we really question whether the result would be re gretted. Criticism is worthless which is not true, or fairly accurate — worthless, that is, for all purposes save sensation and ex citement, two of the most paying commo ties of the day. When the lad Robinson (says an English paper) won the St. Leger, after hiB hone had been left at the post, he was made the recipient of the most frantic and silly toady ism that the mind can conceive ; the clever trainer to whom he was apprenticed received £1,500 for transferring the little fellow's services, and he is now a celebrity who pro bably earns a great deal more than Professor Owen or Mr. Walter Besant. The tiny boy who won the Csasarewitch on Don Juan re ceived £1,000 after the race, and it must be remembered that this child had not left school. Mr. Herbert Spencer has not earned £1,000 by the works that have altered the course of modern thought; the child Martin picked up the amount in a lump, after be had scurried for less than five minutes on the back of a feather-weighted thorough bred. Considerable excitement is being mani fested at Langley (says the Birmingham Daily Gazette) owing to the appearance of the ' Rev. Dinock,' from Berkshire, who is going through some extraordinary per formances at tbe Primitive Methodist Chapel in that locality. Crowds of people are flocking to the place nightly — most of them out of curiosity on account of the wonderful storieB that are abroad. No one knows much of the antecedents of tbe rev. gentleman, who seems to combine the preacher, mesmerist, and spiritualist all in one. After the ordinary service, at which he holds forth at great length, a limited number of persons is invited to enter an ante-room 'to receive the Holy Ghost.' By performing a number of mesmeric passes, and apparently calling to the spirit world for assistance, he makes a number of people fall from their seats on to the floor and roll underneath the benches, apparently uncon scious ; during which time the rev. gentle man declares ' that the Holy Ghost has entered into them, and taken possession of their whole being.' More mesmeric passes and mysterious antics follow, after which the individuals operated upon suddenly re cover consciousness, and are said to have become converted. The return ehowing the names of all pre sent Lords of Parliament in receipt of public money from the national Exchequer in cidentally brings into relief, eays the London correspondent of the Liverpool Post, the able manner in which members of the Royal Family manage to secure little extras. The Prince of Wales, in addition to his pension of £40,000 a year and the rich revenues from the Duchy of Cornwall, draws £1,530 per annum as Hon. Colonel of the 10th Hussars. The Duke of Cambridge has £12,000 a year pension, but in addition he receives £6,631 14s 2d as Commanderin Chief and Colonel of the Grenadier Guards, with £109 10s thrown in as ranger of Richmond Park. The Duke of Edinburgh, in addition to his £25,000 a year pension, has for eonie lime been drawing at the rate of £1,825 per annum as Commanderin chief of the Mediterranean Squadron. But that does not represent the full emoluments of this prized post, to which gallant officers who have borne the heat and burden of the day hopelessly aspire. The duke has £1,642 a year for table money, £55 allow ance for stationery, and the precise sum of £54 15s as light allowance when at home. When on shore « careful country cuts down his Royal Hiphness's candles to an allowance at the rate of £27 7s 6d per annum. The letter from Mr. H. M. Stanley, which was read at the meeting of the Royal Geo graphical Society on lately, contained an extremely interesting reference to the arrow poison employed by the natives of the Lower Congo district, says tbe Lancet, and it afforded a curious insight into tbe strange perversions of knowledge by which the advances of civilisation are retarded. Mr. Stanley says they were much exercised as to what might be the poison on the heads of the arrows by which Lieutenant Staire and several others were wounded, and from the effects of which four persons died almost directly. The mystery was solved by finding at Arisibba several packets of dried red ants. The bodies of these in sects were dried, ground into powder, cooked in palm oil, and smeared on the points of arrows. It is well known that formic acid exists in the free state in red ants, as well as in stinging nettles, and in several species of caterpillars. This acid is, in the pure state, so corrosive that it pro duces blisters on the skin, and hence there is little ground for doubting that it was the ' deadly irritant by which so many men had been lost with such terrible suffering.' The multitude of curious insects encountered, which rendered their lives ' as miserable as they could well be,' bean out Mr. Stanley's idea that many similar poisons could be pre pared from insects. It is certainly strange that, with the exception of cantharides, end perhaps of blatta orimtalts, the insect world is so little used for active therapeutics. Just before the departure of Lord Augustus Loftii8 from New South Wales the Government of the day (states the Australian Star) purchased a State carriage from his Excellency for a good sum. ' It is understood that the carriage was an historical vehicle, it having been the pro perty at one time of a great magnate on the Continent, and having played a part in some very important State function. The Government purchased it with the expecta tion that it would be used by Lord Carring ton. But his Excellency would have nothing to do with it. Apart from the fact that be had brought out his own carriages, he was decidedly opposed to using the antiquated machine on which hie predeces sor set such great, store. He, therefore, ordered it to bo timed out of the coach house at his reeidence to make way for his own vehicles. It was thereupon placed in the charge of a coachbuilder, in whose care it has remained ever since. We do not know what arrangements were made with the coachbuilder for its keep, but we sup pose he did not promise to look after it free of expense to the Government. It may be presumed that he has charged, or will charge, at least 5s a week for the ahedroom he has provided for the machine. There iB reason to believe that the members of tbe Government which purchased the carriage have forgotten its existence. It is obvious that, unless as a curiosity, the carriage is unsaleable in Sydney, and perhaps the best course to take in regard thereto would be to present it to a South Sea Island monarch. The gift might be appreciated by King Mataafa or King George. Tbe following having reference to a circus and the irrepressible Army is taken from a Broken Hill paper : — It would ap pear that the band of the circus and that of the Salvation Army have come into con flict. Previous to the arrival of Messrs. Wirth Brothers the Army band had pos session of that portion of the reserve, and nightly made tbe air hideous with tbe braying of brasses and tinkling of cymbals in unaccustomed hands. Lately, however, there has been a slight improvement in the music supplied, but not sufficient to cause their total suppression being hailed with anything but the deepest satisfaction. It appears that Mr. Alexander, the circus agent, suggested that the Army band should leave (ft playing till the circuB commenced the performance, and a charac teristic letter was received yesterday anent the matter from a lieutenant in the Army stating a willingness to meet the circus people half way by not commencing its dis cordance till a quarter to 8 o'clock p.m. The letter concludes as follows :— 'Should this not meet with your approval we can not make any further concession, but shall commence our meetings at tbe ububI time. We have the interest of God, the Salvation Army, and the people at heart. Hoping to meet you in heaven, I am, &c;, fighting for God. — Lieutenant.' From thiB we are led to believe that whatever the Army may think of circus shows on earth, they are not averse to seeing their tents pitched in the happy hunting grounds above, where it is to be trusted that no difficulty with their respective bands will occur. Before the apotheosis of the Army, however, it is to be hoped that they will improve their musical education, or they may find the alabaster gates firmly shut in their faces. Walter H. Bone, of Sydney, sends a local paper the following account of an adventure that once happened to him on the ' dark con tinent :' — ' Most towns of Central Africa are infested at night with wild beasts of various kinds. But the animals chiefly feared by the inhabitants are the gmut homo who may happen to leave the shelter of his hut after nightfall. While travelling in the Nyka country recently, I met with an_ad venture of a rather startling description, which may serve to show with how much reason the leopards are dreaded by the natives. At a village called Jomvu, near Mombassa, one of these animals had for some time committed great depredations; the lives of several people, as well as domestic animals, being laid to his account. On my arrival at the town I was asked to try to destroy the creature, and, consenting, had a stage made of a few pieces of wood placed in a dead tree just outside the village. Toward evening I tethered a goat close to the tree as a decoy, took my seat, and placing my rifle and revolver in convenient positions waited for the game to come along. I had waited for about an hour when the goat began to show signs of uneasiness, which every moment became more intense ; and presently out from the jungle crept a large leopard. Advancing into the open, he crouched down, and was about to spring upon the decoy when I raised my rifle and fired. I had fancied at first that the brute had not perceived me. But the moment the bullet struck him he gave out a blood curdling yell, and turning half round sprang like lightning right up to where I was seated, landing with bis forepaws upon the stage. I threw myself back to avoid being seized by the gaping jaws, which yawned within a few inches of my body ; and my hand came in contact with my revolver, lying on the stage by my side. As he reached forward I fired at his head, throw ing him back to the ground. Gathering himself up, he once more tried to spring upon me. But, the wounds having taken effect, he fell back writhing upon the grass, tearing up the earth, and roaring feaifully, until I pave him the coup de grace with another bullet from my rifle. After waiting for a time to recover from tbe shock my nerves had received, I descended the tree. When the people of the village, who had heard my firing, came up, he was identified as the one who had caused bo much havoc, and there were great rejoicings accord ingly.' 