, Woombj'c. (FBOM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.) e March 7th. THE weather here is awfully diBgustiug. We are all anxiously looking for rain. Clouds appear and cause hope to spring up in the heart of the poor despairing farmer, and then disappear, positively refusing to fall .on his thirsty lands. Now, thiB continued drought is punishmefat enough in itself for any people, but when they are tormented by the promise of rain, only to be disappointed, it becomes simply insufferable, and causes them to cry out, like one of old, " our punishment is more than we can bear." The grass all gone, water fast drying up, cattle showing unmiBtakeable signs of a strong inclination to give up the ghost, the thermometer 99 in the Bhade, and all crops a dead failure, are the lamentations of Woombye. One is almost prepared to admit the probable truth of the doctrine of eternal flames after this lot. Perhaps Butler, were he living now, could work out the analogy sufficiently clear to disturb our peace of mind, if he didn't find it too hot. The contractors are pushing on with the North Coast Railway at a rapid pace. Mr. Bond, the manager of this section, has taken time by the forelock and is fa6t making hay while the sun shines. It would surprise any one to see how these hardy sons of toil, in the course of a few weeks, have cut their way through our dense scrub, and heavily timbered forests, and are now pegging away like Britons at our high stubborn ridges, which are fast tumbling away before their invincible picks. Go it Mr. B., and let the people of the south see that the Queenslanders are the coves to make railways ! The publicans are just commencing to reap a golden harvest One pay day has passed, and poor " navvy" has spent his hard, earned shillings in the orthodox manner. Our new lock-up has been visited by two or three of them. Any I have interviewed, afterwards, have expressed 'themselves as thoroughly satisfied with the stability of the building. Mr. "Miller, the teacher here, has been transferred by the Education Department to Rosemount School. It was at Mr. Miller's own request the transfer was made. He leaves in the course of a few days Since writing the above, rain has set in—refreshing, welcome, steady rain. How it has changed men's countenances. The diaboli- cal frown that rested on every man's face, giving him the appearance of a demon, lias given place to an angelic smile, which seems to emit from every wrinkle sparks of heavenly love and good feeling towards his fellows. After all, are we not creatures of circumstances moulded by our surroundings 1 Let some ethical philosopher, whose mental olfactory organs are thoroughly developed, follow up the trail; for our part let it suffice to say that we have bad enough rain to give all vegetation a nice start, which will probably enable us to weather through the winter months with but comparatively little loss. The great increase of population in this neighbourhood caused by the erection of the railway has imparted fresh hope and energy into the hearts of the hitherto almost lifeless forms of our agriculturists. They are all now bestirring themselves to produce corn, potatoes, and vegetables, in order to meet the greatly increased demands. For years past it has been up-hill work with them, as they could find no payable market for their products. This state of afiairs had a deadly effect upon them, destroying all hope, energy, and goism. Six months ago they reminded one of Ezekiel's vision of the valley of dry bones, and one was forced to ask, " Can these dry bones live?" But the construction of the railway line has caused a shaking of the dry bones, has breathed the breath of life into them, and now behold they stand up an exceeding great army of mighty, living men, to do battle with the scrub and gum trees, in order to clear the land that it may produce food for man and beast. Railways are the things to start us again. Mr. Drew, a resident of this place, who has taken a great interest in Sunday school work and all other religious matters, has been admitted into the Primitive Methodist Church as a fullfledged evangelist, and appointed by the conference to look after the spiritual welfare of the district generally and Woombye in particular. Air. Drew, by his quiet, earnest, unobtrusive manner has gained the respect of all with whom he has come in contact, and will be welcomed by all belonging to his church as their spiritual guide. f We welcome this correspondent with pleasure, and trust he will continue to keep us au fait of the doings of his district.— ED. M.M.] 