SPORTING BOTES FROM T VICTORIA. (By 'Chitabob.') THE TURF. Newmarket Handioap and Australian | Cup. j The Newmarket Handioap day draws nearer and nearer, but still speculation is dull. With a raoe meeting eVery day to' attend to, turfites haven't time to think aboat fature events, and that explains the apathy of the public to the fUshy dash at the V.B.C. 's headquarters. The fiold will not bo a large one— about twenty-four at most, and b ir the top weights, the horses engaged are of very inferior oalibro. It is a mfoot pome aa to whioh will prove the better of Mr. White's pair; bnt iu all likelihood, Cranbrook and Piutarch will ran on their merits. Plataroh is the most improved horss in Australia,^ and aocotding to tbe touts' information, he ouffht to beat the big 'an. Bat if there is one thing sillier than another in- connection with the tur£ it is touting, and therefore too maoh relianae must not. be placed on the faet that Cranlrcok finishes behind Plutaroh in ibeir gallops. TJbe Australian Peer ' is 'imied .by. good judges; bnt his forte ? iiberto has been staying, and not t oce ; and Tradition's condition is unknown, a° be is trained privately. . Loohiel is a horse of exceptional merit, and it is probable that he will make a big bid for both raoes. Niagara is ooming. on, but he may give way to his stable companion, Lady Betty, who as yet has not been muoh inquired abont, Cinderella las been off hor feed tor several days, but ahe is now doing' well; and those who baok Boz will have a good run for- their ' sling.' He won the Standish Handioap in a oommon canter, and it is quite on the oards that he wi'l repeat the trios next Saturday afternoon. Coibine has a big weight for a three-year- old, bnt bo far 'he has done his work in a satisfac tory manner, and those conneoted ; with him are oonfident of the result. Still, there are several horces above him whioh seem to have an advantage in the matter of weight, and 4 to 1 iB a short' prioo. to take. Pakeha is well treated at8st 101b, and aB he ia doing the moat consistent work at Flemington his ohanoe is not nearly so remote as marke1; operations would indioate, and he is pretty sure to finish iu the first three. Tranter is Becluded in mystery ; but as he has accepted he may help to swell tho field. Mr. Cook is reported to have taken a big wager abont The Charmer, who is much more partial to this diBtanoe than the raoes in which she ha) recently figured. Emani's owner cannot growl at88t. 31b., for there isno knowing how good he is. He has won all his raoea oasily, and all going well with him he will ran respeotably. Abrnpt, whioh is short for Master John, ia a oooktail, and Fishwife cannot oopo with Carbine ; but Epicurean is a speedy customer, and is in a winning vein. Surprise ' might create a surprise, but.it is donbtlul, and Gladstone iB faint-heartsd. Paddy will run well, but it is hardly likely that Kelso will start Melody. Chetwynd, a brother to the flying HortenBe, has done a oareful preparation, and it may. be that he is destined to break the spell of ill- luok whioh has so long hung over Morrison's stable. He is reported to have done an excellent trial. Sedition has no pretensions to win thia race, nor has The -Lawyer, although a recent winner, andlJnoas oan have no ohanoe if his ferm at Oakleigh Park on Wednesday waa correct. Churohill is a very muoh improved brother to Newmaster, and in Bedfearn'a stable ia coming into form. He will probably be there or thereabouta when the numbers ate hoisted. Gaiters won a raoe on Friday at Ballarat, bnt oan hardly have a ohanoe here, noroan B.I.P., whom her owner has baoked . to winseveral thousands. To sum up, I think the battle will be fought out by Cranbrook, Loohiel, Plutaroh, 'Cinderella, Boz, Carbine, Pakeha, Chetwynd, and ' Churchill, and in anticipating Mr. Wakley's verdict, I . Bhall place them thus : — LOCHIEL ... ... ... ... 1 Pakeha ... ;.. ? 2 'White's Best or Boz ? 3 The Australian Cup Will perhaps bring out a field of ten, and the reault will depend greatly on tne Newmarket Handioap, in whioh many of the same horses are engaged. Aberoorn and Carlyon have both done a oapital preparation, and bo has Eeoall, who is pretty snre to run a good horse, notwith standing his poor display in Sydney. The Yeoman is nioely treated,. ,and Mr. (Jook has a Eplendid ohanoe of oarrying off the prize, but the most leniently treated horse in the j race is Loohiel, who has won good races under all weights and over all sorts of distanoes. Carbine is badly treated, compared with Mr. Stead's ohampion, but Theorist ought to carry Mr. Gannon's oolours into a prominent plaoe. Lonsdale is most likely to be seen at hiB best, but Chaldean is a horse worthy of every respeot, although I doubt if he oan give 161b to Pearlshell, who iB looking very well. Whakawai iB not yet fit'onough to run a Eevere race, and Snowfoot will be out olaaeed in thia company. The places will probably be filled by LOCHIEL ? ... ' ... 1 The Yeoman ... - ... ... 2 Abebcoen or Theorist ... ... 3 St. LEGER. ,, BENZON or CHALDEAN. ASCOT VALE STAKES. BOSE ARGENT, or WHITE'S ELECT, CHAMPION STAKES?^ CARBINE or ABERCORN'. The Williamatown Baoing Club meeting on Saturday was acoorded plenty of patronage, and the day was very fine. Glauons and Crusoe wore eleoted favouritea for tha Hurdle Raoe, and it iB very probable that they would have finished first and Booond .had not Crusoe oome to grief at the firat hurdle through Artiohoke blundering and bringing him down. As it was, Fair Saxon mide nearly all tie running, and won easily from Glanous and Gaylad. The Sydney horso Dreamer made his firat appearanoe over stioksinthis raoo, and shaped very well. The Bathurat horBo The Rajah, by Kinfisborough, waa in great demand for the Maiden Plate, and at the finish the bookmakers demanded odds of 2 to 1. The favourite oonld never make Iris gallop, but Mr. S. Miller, the owner of tha winnor, oould not have profited maoh by the result, as bo laid tho odds on The Bajah. The reBnlt shows the glorious nnoertainty of horse racing. Iris is by King Tom from Coolyrio, and was only named jast boforo the raoo. Baokors got a turn in tho Soiling Bace, whioh Partner appropriated very oasily ; but after this all the favourites went1 down. Tempest, who Bported Tommy Saunders' oolonrs, was given out as a real dead bird for the Laverton Stakes, but the olover division wore taken down by the Caulfiold oolt John S., who won eaBily at tho finiah. John S. is by Guinea from Olga, a Terrara pedigree in evory line. Toronto, who ia gradually running into form, was third. The Steepleohase was one of the best raoes over seen. Shamrock was the favourite, and he ought to have won, but hia rider took matters too easily from the last jump, and Saxon boat him on the post, omid muoh exoitement. The winner waa ridden by the well-known amateur, Mr. Edge, who. haa steered tho same horse to viotory on several oooaeions. Thompson, who rode Shamrook, is not long out from the old ooun try,' where he servod several years as an A,B. seaman. 'Little Johnny Fielder never rode a better raoe than he did on ErneBt in the New port Handioap. The horse made all th9 run ning to the homo turn, where he tried to out it, but Fielder managed to keep him straight, and ho ultimatoly won by half a length from King Billy, the favonrite, Snowfoot, not getting a place. A very rough orowd went to Queensoliff on Tneaday— tampers, apielers, magamen, piok pooketa— in faot, all tne riff-raff of Melbourne ; and the passengers by the Ozone were robbed in the most impudent manner. They even went so far as to take ' the key of the purser's cabin out of the purser's pooket, and boar off with the takings of the trip, about ^280. Moat of them missed the steamer on the return journey, and so oame baok by the Bpeoial train, much to the diBgust of the . passengers,' who, during the rush for refresh ments at Geelong, were relieved of their pureoB,.watoheB,' and things in no time. Suoh on orgie wasnever .seen, and it will be d long I .time before raoing men rush off to Queens ?oliff again. Tho attendance was very good, but tho provisions made for the oonveyanoo of the visitors to and from the ooarse were totally inadequate, and in conBaquenoo most of them had to pad tbe hoof -for abont 'three mileB. Mr. William Dargin, of Sydney, who aoted in the capacity of time-taker, was no better off than other people he had to tramp ' 1 with others, was very muoh dis guBted at the bad 'arrangements.' Tho stewards, abont a soore of them, were got ui- ui purple and fine linen, bnt they seemed to know very little abou!; the manage ment of a race meeting, and they were ia all sorts of places but the proper place.' The oonrBe was laid out by Mr. 'James Wilson, the well-known raoing man, bnt tho arrange! mentsnre to badly planned that only a thin fringe cf spectators along the fenoe oouli ae» anything at the finish of a raoe. Too snort however , woe very good. Mr. Crozier won. the Trial Stakes and the Qaeenaoliff Cap, with The Lawyer, by Savanaka, who afterwards ran. third to Lady Golightly ia the Visitors* Handicap. Hogmanay was tho favourite for the Cup, bnt ho ran oonspioaously in tho rear tho whole way. Whatever the cause, thero isno getting away from tho faot that this horse runs more inconsistently than any other horse in Australia .Perhaps the authorities will take notioe of it some day. Mr. Jo tin E. Saqai, tho oigar.m^n, won . the Juvenile Stunts with bt. Gooige, and Litde Diok tooi tbe Selling Baoe. Tho Oateleigh Park meeting on Wednesday was moderately patronised, and some exoellent - raong resulted. Pan further showed his ueeiulness by winning the Hurdle.Rioo frm the favourite, Whalebone, whose jookey com pletely threw tbe race away. To toe ordinary spectator it looked like a deliberate case of ; pulling, but aa the hcrie was heavily baoked by his connections, the snspicion was without foundation. It waa. another instanoe of t-ie flaeh professional being outdone by a stable boy. Biaherdaon, who fell with Exoitable, received a severe shook, bnt he is recovering slowly. . Lois (7 to 4 on) won the Maiden Plate, and Liberatress upset a warm favourite in Blue Bell for the Selling Baoe. Liberate ea waa afterwarda bought in for .£130, all of whioh went to the -f and. ITncas, i who had been' baoked, down to 100 to 7 for the Newmarket Handicap, was brought ont : . for the Oakleigh Park Handioap, and of ccu se be started a hot favourite at 2 to 1 on, but to the surprise of hia bookers he never bad the ghost of a ohanoe with Epiourean, who led frcm post to.finish. Kpionreaa has not inourred a penalty for for the Newmarket. - E. Fountain won the Springvale Handioap on Biddle, and also the Railway Handio'tp on Ambassadress, the favonrite, Iriah Whi iper, ontting: np badly. Mentone waa the attraction on Thursday, and a goodly number of spectators put iu an appearanco. In every instanoe bnt one tho favourite was successful, but by the viotory of Witoh of Endor, who iu hardly baoked for a cent, tho, bookmakers retrieved a port of their losses. Glauons, the Wagga horae, seonredthe Hnrdle Rioe (thus verifying my prediction that he wonld soon wina.racB) ; and Tennyson beat Witoh of Endor easily in the Maiden Plate, the third plaoe being filled by the Hen W. A. Long's cast-off, Moorebank. Baoul was backed in earnest for the Mentone Handicap, and at the oloae it wonld be diffi cult to get more than 2 to 1. He ran in blinkers, whioh seemed to have the desired effect, for he finished gamer than, usual, 'and disposed of bridegroom nnd Ernest (Fielder's monnt) easily enough. Partner, who is in. great form now, won the Selling Baoo, bnt the olnb only profited to the extent, of by hia sale. Bridegroom and Krneit .wero again saddled up for the Highett Handicap ; but Ernest (Fielder) was left at the. post, and took no part in the raoe, whioh Bride groom won easily from Mr. H. Oxenham's old loye, Toronto. .Umbra and Wyvis were most Tn . request for the Flying Handioap, bnt Witoh of Endor, who started at 10 to 1, upset the pot, and tho bookmakers ' reoonped themselves a' little over what would otherwise have been a most disastrous day. Bumonr has it that the Dandenong raoe meetings will shortly be wiped ont by the V.B.C. Snoh meetings would not be tolerated outside Viotoria. ? ' ? Mr. Stead's trainer, Mason, has been very siok einse hia arrival from New Zealand, and it is probable that hiB horses, Busaley, Loohiel, and Bose Argent, ; will have to bo given to someone else to train. _ . The' report that Lonsdale has . had- an . operation performed on one of hia eyes is altogether without foundation. There payer has oeoh anything the matter with his. 'eyes. Some time ago he waB ? turned out into a paddoob, where r he reared up and as 'hia feet touohedthe ground again ho twisted a plate' and oarried away a quarter/of hiB hoof. Not, long afterwards he did the same thing with the other foot, a plate twisted and broke off part of the hoof; but he haa- got. over both acci dents, and ia how doing gentle work at Kingston. Tho Viotorian Temperance , Alliance has found out that it ia' illegal, to aell aoirituons liquors on a pnblio reserve, aud the Viotorian Trotting Clnb, whioh holds its meetings at Elsternwiok Park, haa received warning from Mr. Dow, the Minister for. Lands,' that the regulations must not be infringed. This means that no more drinks exoept belly-ache stuff will be diapenaed at the bars. It will be very rcugh on the unluoky punter who, after losing all but hia last Bixpenoe, rushes off to find alcoholio consolation. The diffi culty, however, will be got .over by every raoing man oarrying hia own flask. Teetotal ' oranks ' are the onree of Australia. ^ A littlo dynamite placed at their head's antipodes is what they want. The yearling colt by Segenhoe, from Nina (the dam of Lcrd William), purchased by W. Duggan at Towns' sale, haa ]oined Bellamy's string at Craigiehurn. As was announocd Bome time ago, the jookey Biohmond is not dead. He is very muoh alive and kicking, and waa at Oakleigh. Park raoea on Wednesday. Hales is about again after an attack of asthma, whioh kept him indoors for. a few days. . Beach has been renamed Goalpost, and . the colt by The Hook from Vaudeville haa been named Sinker. Mr. Donald Wallace haB returned from New . Zealand, and will be present to see hiB horses run at the V.B.C. Autumn Meeting. ' Miok O'Brien ia ahortly to be married to MisB Heywood, of Caulfiold. Buby and Anita ore now the aole property of their trainer, J. Soobie. Tho New Zealand jookoy Clifford, who will ride Mr. Stead's horses in their V.B.C. autumn engagements, arrived on Friday. Oj Muroh 8 a draft of boraea from the Hon. W. Pearson's stud will.be sold at Kirk's Bazaar. The sonsational 'horse SilverPrinoe will be offered at the samo time. Tbe Ballarat Minor's Turf Club and the Ballarat Tutf Club held thoir revels on Friday uu ihe Miner's Raoeoourse. Mr. J. O. Inglis rode Gaitera to viotory in the Ladies' Brace let, and Saxon won the Steepleohase. The other events were of a miscellaneous obaiaoter. Mitcellaneons. Tbe crioset match, M.C.C. v. Sonth Mel bourne, upon whioh the ultimate ownership of tho Metropolitan Challenge Cap dependa, began on Satnrday on the South Melbonrno Ground. The South Melbourne team oooupied the wickets firat, and when the stumpa were drawn the soore atood at 242 for two wiokets. Trott, who mado his first appearance since hia return from England with tho Australian Eleven, distinguished himself by oompiling the fine seoro of 151 not ont, by a splendid display of batting. J. Barrett made 49 nob out. Eight bowlers were tried. The prinoipal attraotion at the. annual swimming matoh in oonneotion with the Western Swimming Olub, Goelong, on Satur day, was tho presenoo of Ernest Uavill, of \ Sydney, who won the Half-mile Grand Open Handioap from eoratoh. Cavill won easily by 7yds. Time, 14min 13Jseo, -? Melbourne, Tuesday night. Lapatone, Suwarrow's Son, . Surprise. Loyalist, Shark, Yellowstone, Plenty, Loyal Stone, and Purple and Gold arrived. at Flemington to-day. 