LONDON TABLE TALK, [From one Special Correspondent.] London, September 6, 1889. The strike, which has already cost Lon- don a million and a half of money, still continues, and at the time of writing there seems small prospect of a satisfactory issue. This morning's Telegraph devotes a gloomy article to calculating the price which the strike has cost the various parties concerned. It says:—"Roughly speaking, the loss in wages alone in the East-end, the south-east district, and along the banks of the river during the three weeks which the strike has lasted, may be put at £200,000. Men who were formerly able to take that aggregate to their homeshave for 21 days taken nothing, relying for their subsistence upon the contributions of trade organisa- tions and the offerings of chari- table sympathisers. Landlords have been unable to get their rents. The small shopkeepers with whom the laborers deal suffer equally from the absence of coin, and at the same time are compelled to keep on supplying small quantities of goods in order to retain their customers when work is resumed. The dock companies are natu- rally enough averse to make known what the strike has really cost them; but, between the loss of revenue from dock dues leviable from their regular customers, the expenses they have been put to in getting a few men into the docks and keeping them there, and the permanent charges of salaries with no revenue coming in, their dead loss cannot be much less than £100,000 all round, while the pro- spective detriment caused by the shifting of trade, which has already begun, cannot be even estimated. The loss to the ship- owners and merchants is even larger. In the case of large steamship companies, like the Peninsular and Oriental, the British-India Company, the Orient Line, Donald Carrie & Co., the New Zealand Shipping Company, and Shaw, Savill, and Co., who load their own steamers for their own account, all the loss caused by the delay falls upon them direct. Many of the vessels have been lying idle for weeks, and only by the greatest and most expen- sive exertions have they been able to get ready the steamers which it was absolutely necessary should be dispatched. To them the inconvenience of the strike is becom- ing unbearable, as they cannot get their ships now in dock unloaded. Cargoes are waiting to be sent abroad, bnt they cannot be put on board. The ships are lying as unprofitable as toys, each costing its pro- prietors at the rate of £4 or £5 per hour. There are at present distributed among the various docks—East India, West India, Tilbury, London, St. Katharine, Royal Victoria and Albert, Milwall, the Surrey Commercial, and the Regent's Canal—no less than 400 vessels, ranging from tiny craft of 53 tons to huge steamers like the Ormuz of 6,185. Most of them are large, and only two or three are described as 'lying up.' It is, of course, difficult to get at what would have been the precise earn- ings of this huge fleet had it been fully employed instead of being docked. Bear in mind also that the majority of these ship have considerable expenses running even though they are idle. Their engines have to be kept in working order, their crews have to be paid, and their stores kept up. The loss caused to the ship- ping trade alone from the non-employ- ment of carrying power-not only In the docks, but In title river-Is not less than £650,000." The Lord Mayor returns to- day to the Mansion House, and it is hoped that he may be able to effect terms. The few bystanders at Lime-street station last Friday morning who caught a-glimpse of a brisk, alert looking woman in prison dress, who looked curiously around as she walked from the waiting- room to the train between two female warders, found It difficult to believe, that this could be the "mentally and physic- ally broken" Mrs. Maybrick. Oddly enough one of the prisoner's former friends happened to be going to town by the same train. She instantly recognised him with a bow and smile, and when the unfortunate man stood rooted to the spot with surprise and dismay, not knowing what to do, tried hard to catch his eye again. The warders, however, objected to this, and the instant the trio entered a second-class carrlage the blinds were drawn. A week ago the Baroness von Roque solemnly vowed she would never leave England till her Florrie was free. Never- theless, with characteristic inconsequence, she departed for Paris yesterday. Mrs. Briggs has had to leave Liverpool, and the three servants at Battlecrease House for a long time found it impossible to -obtain situations. At last a philanthropic lady engaged Yapp, and places were found for the cook and housemaid in Manchester. Mr. Michael Maybrick has placed his brother's children in safe and suitable hands away from Liverpool, and will, for good and sufficient reasons it is unneces- sary to enter into decline to hand them over to the Baroness Von Roque unless compelled by law to do so. The announcement of the engagement of Lord Dangan to Lady Violet Nevill, the younger of the beautiful Abergavenay twins, explains why Lord Cowley's heir threw over Miss Phyllis Broughton, and also why the family paid that Injured lady; £3,000 rather than let her breach of pro- mise case come to court. The bride-elect is like her sister, Lady Rose Leigh, very lovely, and as Lord Dangan has a fair share of good looks, they will make a very handsome couple. Viscount Hinton, who has been earning a comfortable livelihood playing a piano- organ, on which his name is scored in giant letters, for the last two years, was summoned and fined- 40s. for being a ; nuisance one day last week. The new romantic and semi-historic drama, which Augustus Harris produces at Drury Lane on the 21st inst., will be called "The Royal Oak," and divided Into four acts. Irving has returned from his annual holiday, and "The Dead Heart" is now in full rehearsal at the Lyceum. The mise en scene will be one of the heaviest ever known even at this house, and as usual the management are taking extra ordinary pains to have details accurate. No date has yet been fixed for the pro- duction. The Haymarket version of "Roger le Honté" has been rather feebly christened "A Man's Shadow." "Bosom Friends" would have been much better. Domestic affliction seems to have marked the most genial of our low come- dians for her own. Poor J. L. Toole's beloved son, beautiful daughter, and adored wife all died within a compara- tively short time, and now his elder brother, Frank Toole, to whom he was warmly attached, has gone aloft too. Frank Toole was educated at the City of iLondon School, and succeeded his father as city toastmaster. He was a very quiet little man, but like his brother loved a joke, and never felled to put in an appear- ance on "first nights" at King William- street. The death is also announced of Edward Laman Blanchard, who for 35 years wrote the pantomime or annual; as he preferred to call it, for the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane. Blanchard was is member of the Telegraph staff for 24 years; and an out and out Bohemian of the best and brightest school. He could remember Edmund Kean and Charles Kemble, to say nothing of Mrs. Orger, Mrs. Glover and Madame Vestris, and knew all our leading actors and actresses, from Charles Kean, Macready, and Wm. Farren, the elder, down to Henry Irving and Mary Anderson inti- mately. He could talk charmingly of the past, and was till comparatively recently a prized guest at the Green Room and Savage Clubs. Blanchard died of sheer old age, though but in his 70th year. But then he lived twice as fast as the modern journalist. Didn't Blanchard write— Many a man, both young and old, Has gone to his sarcophagus Through pouring water icy cold Adown his own œsophagus. Frikell, the once-renowned conjuror and prestidigitateur, died, or rather put an end to his life, at Scarborough last week in sad want and suffering. In his prime Frikell had the genuine gift of sleight-of-hand, as distinguished from the illusion which depends on apparatus, and was known all over the world as one of the cleverest and, most popular magicians. Heller alone, of contemporary enter- tainers, surpassed him. Frikell made pots of money during his career, but like most of his class he failed to save, conse- quently when old age robbed his hand of its cunning, and other and abler conjurors, such as Maskelyne, Ber- tram, and Co., opposed him Frikell could not retire from work, but had to slave on, sinking gradually lower and lower. The last stroke of ill-fortune seems to have come at the brilliant Yorkshire watering-place, where the poor old man had been performing for a few nights. Three shillings and some coppers were found on him. With this money was a pathetic scrap of paper, in which the de- ceased told how he had struggled with ad- versity, laboring in vain to secure engage- ments, and complained particularly of a swindling agent who had defrauded him. The writer had reckoned, he added, on the Scarborough engagement to "procure the necessaries of life," and now his manager had decamped without paying him. On the whole, the worn-out old conjuror thought he had better play his last trick; and swallowing a little of that magic potion, laudanum, pass silently in sleep to where beyond these voices there is peace. All "the chappies" and "dear boys" who have given the Gaiety Theatre its unique reputation will make a point of being in town next Saturday week, when Nellie Farren, Fred Leslie, Letty Lind, Marion Hood, & Co. make their reap- pearance on the familiar boards for the first time since their visit "to the land of the golden fleece." It is sure to be a great, nay an historic occasion, more especially as the programme will consist of the volatile Leslie's new burlesque, "Buy Bias, or the Blase Roue," a punning title that almost sets one's teeth on edge. In "The Middleman" Mr. Henry Arthur Jones has at last justified the reputation which his friends have always claimed for him, and produced a thoroughly good all-round play. Whether it will prove as effective as it is at the Shaftesbury Theatre when played by a moderate provincial or colonial company I shouldn't like to determine. One can hardly fancy Willard's part in other hands. Suffice it to say the London per- formance of "The Middleman" has proved a striking and deserved success, and will fill Mr. Jno. Lart's handsome house for a good year to come. The story comes particularly apropos at this present time of strikes, and on the first night many of Jones's admirable, if somewhat copybooky, sentiments anent the mutual responsibilities of capital and labor were cheered to the echo. Here is a brief sketch of the plot by "Carados":— "Wiilard, let me tell you, represents an old pottering potter, one Cyrus Blenkarn, in the employ of Joseph Chandler, Esq., who, about the time the curtain rises on the play, is addressing the free and in- dependent electors of Tatlow, whose votes he wants to send him to Parliament, re- minding them that, no matter what might happen to the British Constitooshun, they will find plenty of refreshments in the tent he has put up in his back garden. The pottery town of Tatlow and Joseph Chandler, Esq., have flourished chiefly through the inventive genius of Cyrus Blenkarn, who, in his enthusiastic devo- tion to his art, has neglected his own interests and has been the victim of the brain-suckers. He toils night and day for the realisation of his grand idea— the production of a peculiar glaze which shall enable him to rival some ancient ware, which is so rare as to be almost priceless. While he is toil- ing and dreaming his favorite daughter Mary is seduced by his employer's son, Captain Julian Chandler, and the dis- covery of the terrible truth gives him a new incentive to work. The artist has labored for love of his art. Now he will labor for money that he may have the means to work out his revenge upon those who have done him grievous wrong. Julian, it should be said, is quite ready to make reparation to the girl he has betrayed, and would make her his wife but for the determined opposition of his father, who desired an alliance with the family of a poor baronet, whose support he would secure in the coming election. This opposition leads Julian to resort to trickery. He pretends to assent to his father's wishes, but being ordered abroad to join his regiment writes from Paris for Mary to meet him there and become his wife. The letter is intercepted and burnt by Chandler père, and poor Mary, who will ere long become a mother, thinking herself deserted as well as betrayed, leaves her home to hide her shame, and is soon afterwards reported dead. . . . Meanwhile Cyrus Blenkarn toils on, piles on the coals while his stock lasts, and when it gives out makes fuel of the chairs and tables. He means to have that secret out of his furnace, and just as he is smashing the crockery that has brought him only disappointment, and is thinking of beginning all over again; he catches sight of a teapot or something of the sort he has hooked out of the fire. His face brightens; his heart leaps for joy; he uttersa cry of triumph. Eureka! Victory has come at last; he has done the trick; fortune is within his grasp; revenge is at hand. Blenkarn's new teapot quickly knocks all other teapots out of the market. Rapidly he grows rich. As rapidly Joseph Chandler grows poor; and of his old servant whose brains he has used for his own aggrandise- ment he has to ask employment to pro- vide hia family with bread. More coals. 'Coals of fire' Cyrus Blenkarn used to work out his revenge. He gets some thing of satisfaction out of these, and his virtue presently bring its own reward, for Captain Chandler returns from foreign service covered with glory for brave deeds done, and bringing with him a wife in the person of pretty Mary Blenkarn. The old potter's cup of bitterness is turned into one of joy full to the brim and flow- ing over, and the curtain falls as he takes to his arms the beloved daughter for whose loss he has so long and so bitterly grieved.'' The consummate ease with which Chita- bob won the Great Yorkshire Stakes on Thursday has brought about a revolution in the Leger betting. Supporters of the favorite are now asked to lay only a very small shade of odds, and should I'Anson's crack keep well it is quite possible that next Wednesday even money may be forthcoming on the field. There look like being from eight to ten runners for great event, but the general impression is that the issue will be between Donovan and Chitabob. A few fancy Mr. Lowther's Workington and the flukey Two Thousand winner, Enthusiast, but the bulk of the public is on the two favorites. Ominous rumors are afloat that Donovan has turned "roarer," but the ring scarcely field as if this were the case. A fine field of 15 contested the rich Champion Breeders' Foal Stakes at Derby on Tuesday, which fell to Lord Calthorpe's beautiful filly Heresy, by Hermit out of Controversy's dam, after a fine race with Mr. De la Rue's Dearest and Mr. Houlds- worth's Alloway. The latter started favorite at 7 to 4, whilst 100 to 8 was on offer against the winner. In the Peveril of the Peak Stakes of 1,000 sovs., over one mile, the unlucky Helmsley (4 yrs., 7 st.), a colt that has been the medium of countless unfortunate plunges, at last managed to get home first in front of Woodland, Cheroot, and seven others. It was not favorite, but Sherrard's fol- lowers had a bit on at 7 to 1. The Port- land Plate of five furlongs also fell to a 7 to 1 chance in Mr. Whittaker's Franciscan, by Hermit-—Villafranca, which beat Mon- musk, Parga, and seven others. The new serial in the English Illustrated will be by no lesser person than the Earl of Lytton, and is entitled "The King of Amasis." If I remember rightly "Owen Meredith" once before essayed a novel, and it was not successful. "His Other Self," the new "shocker," by Mr. E. J. Goodman, author of ''Too Curious" and "Paid in His Own Coin," is an ingenious tale of a magic mirror and a selfish man, on similar lines to several of F. Anstey's whimsical stories. Unfortunately Mr. Goodman has not Mr. Anstey's lightness of touch, and in con- sequence the narrative drags somewhat. It is, however, a readable shilling's worth. Tillotsons find, as you have found, that the novelist who really goes down best with the average reader of newspaper fiction is Miss Dora Russell. She has written I don't know how many stories, over a dozen certainly—and time doesn't seem to wither nor custom stale her infinite popularity. Miss Russell's latest serial bears the title of "Jezebel's Friends," and tells the old old story of an unselfish heroine sacrificing her love and marrying a man she hates in order to save an utterly worthless sister's good name. "Roland Oliver," the short tale by Justin McCarthy just published by Spencer Blackett at a shilling, is quite unworthy the author of "Camiola" and "Dear Lady Disdain,"and must I should think be an early attempt resurrected from some forgotten drawer. It is the story of a weak, selfish, and generally unworthy husband married to a noble and beautiful wife. For some time the latter adores her objectionable spouse and shuts her eyes strenuously to his many vanities and weaknesses, but a fit of mad and senseless jealousy finally reveals the truth. The little book is quite readable, only not up to Justin McCarthy's ordinary level. Cassells will publish Stevenson's "Master of Ballantrae" in November, and have also in preparation a new story by "Q" (Mr. Couch), entitled "The Splen- did Spur, being memories of the adven- tures of Mr. Jno. Marvel, a servant of King Charles I.." which it is to be hoped will be some improvement on that melan- choly piece of humor "Troy Town." Talking of humor, by-the-way, reminds me of Marshall P. Wilder's " People I've Smiled With." One, not unnaturally perhaps, expected great things from this book. The merry little man who wrote it has again and again made us shout with laughter. This last season, indeed, he was to be found everywhere. H.R.H. smiled, and Marshall P. Wilder became the fashion. I fully anticipated his book would teem with good storles, It does nothing of the sort. A balder, more uninteresting narra- tive I have seldom come across. The few samples of his yarns Wilder does give us are most depressing. Here are two of the best. An old darkey who was fishing had a little piccaninie standing beside him. The small chap somehow managed to stumble and fell into the foaming tide. The old darkey instantly dived after him, brought the child to land, squeezed him out, and stood him well in the sun to dry. A clergyman who witnessed the occurrence then came up. "God bless you, noble fellow," quoth he, "you saved that boy's life." "Well," said the venerable nigger, "I didn't do dat to sabe his life; he had my bait in his pocket." The fol- lowing is said to be one of Lionel Brough's yarns:—A man was advised by his doctor to take great care of himself. "You must," said the medico, "get to bed early, eat more roast beef, eschew stimulants, go to the seaside, and smoke just one cigar a day or you won't live." A month later patient returns looking better. "Yes, doctor," he said, "I followed your advice to the letter. I went to bed early, ate lumps of roast beef, eschewed liquor, lived at the seaside, and took great care of myself, but that one cigar a day nearly killed me, for I never smoked before." Wilder attributes the following "Irish- man's toast to an Englishman" to Farjeon. It runs thus—"Here's to you as good as you are, and here's to me as bad as I am; but as good as you are and as bad as I am, I'm as good as you are bad as I am." Proposing the health of the Honorable Edward Everett, a cultured Bostonian, at the Beefsteak Club some years ago, the artist Story exclaimed, "Here's to learning when Ever-it grows," upon which Everett interrupted—" I amend. Here's to learn- ing; whenever it rises it grows, but never above one Story." Really neat, wasn't it? If you have not already got it send at once to the nearest bookseller's for Jerome K. Jerome's "Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow." The book is not a new one, in fact the legend "Thirty-fifth edition" on the copy before me shows it must have quietly attained conspicuous success. I confess to having constantly seen It on the bookstalls, but till the same author's "Stageland" set us all off laughing I never somehow felt curious about "Idle Thoughts." Once one does dip into this delightful book what treasure-trove one finds. The best paper of all I think is "On being In love," though those "On memory," "On being shy," "On being hard up," and "On being in the blues" are also admirable in their way. At times Mr. Jerome's writing reaches a very high level indeed. What, for instance, can be better than the following passage on the subject of melancholy:—"George Eliot speaks somewhere of 'the sadness of a summer's evening.' How wonderfully true the observation is! Who has not felt the sorrowful enchantment of those lingering sunsets? The world belongs to melancholy then, a thoughtful, deep- eyed maiden who loves not the glare of day. It is not till 'light thickens and the crow wings to this rocky wood' that she steals forth from her groves. Her palace is in twilight land. It is there she meets us. It is there she takes our hand in hers, and walks beside us through her mystic realm. We see no form, but seem to hear the rustling of her wings. Even in the toiling, hum- drum city her spirit comes to us. There is a sombre presence in each long, dull street; and the dark river creeps ghost-like under the black arches, as if bearing some hidden secret beneath its muddy waves. In the silent country, where the trees and hedges loom dim and blurred against the rising night, and the bat's wing flutters in our face, and the landrail's cry sounds drearily across the fields, the spell sinks deeper in our hearts. We seem in that hour to be standing by some unseen deathbed, and in the sway- ing of the elms we hear the sigh of dying day. A solemn sadness reigns. A great peace is around us. In its light our cares of the working day grow small and trivial, and bread and cheese—aye, and even kisses—do not seeem the only things worth striving for. Thoughts we cannot speak but only listen to flood in upon us, and standing in the stillness under earth's darkening dome we feel that we are greater than our petty lives. Hung round with those dusky curtains the world is no longer a mere dingy workshop, but a stately temple wherein man may worship, and where at times in the dimness his groping hands touch God's." 