A FEMALE SOMNAMBULIST. SHE TAKES A MIDSICHT "WALK. Shortly after midnight on Satur* day morning some sensation was created in Port Melbourne by the appearance of a ghost-like figure perambulating the streets of the borough. The quondam apparition was first noticed by a young man named Alfred Torpey proceeding along the foot path on the east side of Bay street. The young fellow ran to the Port Melbourne police station, and in formed the watchhouse-keeper, Constable Connelly, of the circumstance. That officer went to the place indicated, and came across the female somnambulist for such it proved to be. She was then in the act of crossing the street in front of the Chequer's Inn Hotel, and after accomplishing this feat in safety, she retraced her steps along the footpath on. the west side of the street Without making any, eifort to awaken the woman, who held her right hand to her head in a dramatic fashion, and was only clothed in a night dress and stockings, the officer walked quietly by her side, keeping near the kerbstone to prevent her falling into the gutter. As events proved, this course was a thoughtful one, for after proceeding C3 far aa the town hall the woman turned to the right, and was on the point of sustaining a nasty fail in the gutter, when tha constable caught her in his arms. Sho was awakened by the surprise, and then informed the officer that her name was Mrs . and that she was a married woman, residing in Haglan-street. Constable Connelly immediately took off his jumper, aud after wrapping it around the woman escortcd her to her house. It appears that the somnambulist has been subject to nocturnal dreams since she was IS years of ago. Only a few wests ago, in the midst of a storm of wind and rain, siie got out of bed in a similar manner, and,walking across the the street^ knocked at the door of one of her neigh bors aud roused them before awaking from her dream. In the present instance I she retired to rest just before midnight, and had not been long abed when she got up, and opened the front door, walked along Raglan street into Bay street. In order to do this she would require to cross the local tramway track, which is now in course of construction, and thb wonder is that she did not meet with some accident at the spot. The affair was the topic of conversation in the borough on Saturday. 