KATHLEEN'S- LEGACYE Conclusion. CHAPTER IIL MrsDerwent slept off her nervous anad sche, and came down to breaki t in the morning in the smartest cap and gown her wardrobe had at command. " Why, my dear, you look quite twenty years younger,"said heredmiring husband, as he took his place behind the ep and bacon. Mirs. Derwent smiled pleasantly at him across the tucked-up sleeves-of the little servant who was bringing in the teapot. "You need not bring my work-basket after breakfast," she said, addressing the Phyllis a little pompously. " Those stockings are really past mending, and may as well. be given to the almshouse people." Tom came in, bringing the letters which the postman had just handed to him over the garden gate. Hewas scowl ing tremendously-Tom could loud black if he chose-at the uppermost one, ad dressed to him in official writing, and ansouncing itself in printed letters to be "on Her Majesty's service.,' Not a doubt it must be the long-talked-of nomi \--ron to an inferior billet in the General tieen, occupied in cutting brown bread on a trencher, seemedtofeelhslblack looks, for she did not so much as lift 1r eyes as she said : " Why trouble about it now,Tom I Put in the waste-paper basket. Father, why can't Tom _o to college like other yo men,instead of beginning to work at?e - thing he detests ?" Kathleen had had sleepless night, and tihe thoughts that had kept her awake had not been pleasant ones. A year and ten months seems an altogether interminable period to a girl of nineteen under any cir cumstances,but when the said yearand ten months is to comprehend in its lagging weeks an utter suspension of pleasant in tercourse with one who has grown to be part of the girl's very life, it of necessity doubles and trebles itself. Kathleenhow ever did not see in her own heavy heart any excuse for an endeavour to make other people'sheartheavy. Without being one step on the road towards canonisation as a ralnt, she was yet one of those 'gay, good girls' whose whole delight it is to make people and things around them saunahiny, not expecting so much as a 'thankyo ' in acknowledgement. Mr. Derwent looked up from his plate, surprised, but not displeased; Mrs. Derwent looked up from hers, neither surprised nor displeased. Tom, it may be remarked in passing, was herfavourite child. "It is exactly what I expected you would say, Kathleen," she said in a tone that suggested a combination of honey and treacle. All Tom's frowns vanished in an instant. like ghosts at the dawn. " Come out in the orchard after break. fast, Kathleen," he cried cheerily. I'll swing you all the morning in the old apple tree I" Now if there was one thing in life that Kathleen enjoyed more than 'sweeties' Turkish delight, bull's - eyes, toffee, and such like- it was a swing on a summer's day. As a rule she jumped at the offer of Tom's services-he did not volunteer them very often, it must be admitted-to-day, however, she shook her head. much to do in the house," she -5 . ,-? ar," interruptd-' her mother, "you muoigse relieved of some of your home-duties ndb. Yourediscation has not been altogether what your fatl?er and I should have liked. You must set to work at accomplishments of some sortat once." Kathleen dropped herbread-knife in her amazement. " What !" she cried, ound-eyed; "do you mean I am to go to school-at my age -nearly twenty 1" " Here's a letter for you, Kathleen," said Tom, anxious to effect a diversion, for Kathleen and her mother were apt to-well, say 'differ' on not a few sub jects. But he could not refrain from giving it a somewhat vicious look as she tossed it across the table to her, for the adhesive sead, with the names of Messrs. Long and Lovett upon it, stirred again the smoulder ing embers of his discontent'of yesterday. Kathleen put herletter beside her plate unopened, and sat down in silence to her breakfast. She, too, could not refrain from giving thie lharmnless envelope a pass ing vicious look, though the "viciousness" of her look assuredly sprang from a dif ferent source from Tom's. There it lay, the ugly blue paper tling, with the round, business-like writing, and aggressive. looking seal. How unlike the missives which, as a rule, were to be found lying beside her breakfast-plate, addressed to herinBruce'ssmall, sharp-pointed writing ! Ah, when would she again have one of his dear, darling old letters to make her eat her breakfast in one mouthful, so that she might run out into the garden and readit in peace, with none but the th?rushes and blackbirds to take note of her smiles and her blushes ? She could not eat herbread-and-butter, but kept drinking the hot coffee with gulps, as though with it she would swallow down her sorrows. Tom looked at the unopened letter. "How can you keep your fingers off it? Here's a girl devoid of inquisitiveness for once in a way !" he cried sarcastically. The mother looked at the letter. " Business letters should always receive immediate attention," she said senten -bpuly. .. And the father looked at the letter. " The post goes out at eleven, Kath leen ; better open it at once, it may want an answer," he suggested mildly. So Kathleen broke the seal, and forone moment let her eyes wander carelessly, indifferently, down the closely- written page. Only for one moment, however ; the next, with a cry that in itself was as good as a peal of wedding-bells, she had let it fall to the ground, had overthrown her \- chalir, and shaken all the eggs on the table outof their cups in her eager haste to get out of tie room. Tom, father, mother, all rose tumultu ously to their feet. S" Whatisit-wxiiistl iit Areyoumad, Katlldeen 1" cried lIrs. Derwent in her astonishment, altogether forgetting her weak nerves. "Mad I ohl no," cried Kathleen, half up tie stairs on hlier \nay to her room; " only hzppy i I'm not an heiress, after all, and I'm going to write and tell Bruce this very minute." Tom, father, and mother, all looked blankly in each other's faces. , Tom was the first to get his senses to gether. He picked up the lawyer's letter from the floor, and then readaloud in the bland, legal langoage, which seemed to insinuate apologies for the dieagreaible truth it had to convey, how that the ,x'. uotora nominated by thelite Miss O'Brien In her will. had declined to take upon themselves the, responsibility, of adminis-. tering .to the deceased lady's: estate, for the sunple reason thatno estatexemained to administer to. At tme period when the will had been. drawn up, Kathleen's legacy, no dous with other moneys, was invested in Three per Cent. Consols. Since then Miss O'Brien had not received one penny from her landed property ill Ireland, and had consequently been comn pelled, in order to keep up her house and staffof servants, little by little to draw upon her capital, till of the large sum at one time invested only a few hundreds re mained-an amount, indeed, barely sufli cient to cover the expenses of her costly funeral, and discharge outstanding debts in the neighborhood. The Inryces con eluded their letter with polite expres sions of regret for the untowardness of the circumstances. ,Tom dropped the letter with a groan as he finished reading it. "Tlhose fellows ought to have thought twice before they wrote in such a hurry to offer their pro fessional services," lie growled, and then went down on his knees, rummaging in the waste-paper basket for the letter eon taining his nomination to the Post Office billet, which he so carelessly jerked into it. mrs. Derwent burst into a flood of hys terical tears. "It was wicked ! wicked : They ought to be prosecuted," she sobbed. Then she put her hand to her forehead, alding plaintively, "I'll go up to bed; I think; I can't keep my head up."' But there was real tragedy in her, tone when, as she left the room and met the Phyllis colming in, she turned and said to her : " Don't give away those stocking I spoke to you about this morning. They'll stand a little more mending and wear ing." And 'Ir. Derwent went slowly into his study, to re-write his letter to the Eccle siastical Commissioners asking for a grant for the much-needed repairs.. " It'sabitter disappointmentof course," he said to himself with a sigh, as he got out his pens and paper; " ut still it is nice teuseethe old bright look inKathleen's face." As for Kathleen herself, itwas only her tears of joy falling thick and fast and half blinding her, which made her. take more than sixty seconds over her brief letter to her lover. "DE.lA, sDEA BRUCE,--Isn't it delight full I'm not an heiress, after all. Come over at once-this very ninute.--Your owsnr KrTILEEN.s" This was all she wrote. But it was evi dently enough, for it brought Bruce to the parsonage the very next day ; and, before he went back to Carlisle, the dayewas fixed for their wedding. "I wish I could fancy it was nothing more than a bad dream," said the girl as she said good-bye to her lover over the garden gate; "butsomehow,Ican't. When I think over it all, I feel exactly as I did when I ate that Seville orange, and had a bitter taste in my mouth for days after wards." Poor child I This was her first taste of the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, of which most of ushave to eat a little more than we relish throughlife. 