CHIPS. TaE honesty of tram conductors in Chicago is ingeniously tested by female spies. A woman sits busily reading in a corner, but she turns over aleaf every time tile conductor collects a fare, and at tile end of the journey the conductor's report at the receiving onice is secretly compared with thb number of leaves turned by the apparently: engrossed reader. Barry Docks, about seven miles from Car diff, have been opened. The cost of the undertaking has been upwards of two mil. lions sterling, and it is intended to afford in creased facilities for the shipment of coal from South Wales, and to provide for an ih. creasing import trade. The area of the dock is seven acres. The ceremony, which was witnessed by a large concourse of spectators, was followed by a luncheon, and in the even ing there was a display of fireworks. At the close of the seosion of one of the American universities the other day, 'Mr. Samuel L. Clemens (Mark Twain) was called upon to give a speech. his wit was mainly directed against the doctors. 'Tle doctors of to-day,' he said, 'do not carry their medi. cines round in a waggon, but in a port monnie. They put three drops of nothing in a glass of water-and ask you to furnish tho water; a month after you will fnin the water charged in the bill, and you have to pay for it, too." Mr. Clemens pledged himself that, as long as he was permitted to appear withl tbe faculty which not long ago gave him his degree, hlie should take special pains to pick up all the science he could for the col lege. There are two ways of getting through this world. One way is to make the best of it, and the other is to make the worst of it. Those who take thb latter course work hard for poor pay. The London daily papers were recently thrown into paroxysms of wonder by a thrill ing tale of how the wife of a tradesman at Hastings, having been certified as dead, presently came to life again, to find herself in her shroud. I do not know, says Mr. Labouchero in Truth, how many leading articles were Iased upon the narrative, which certainly was sufliciently sensational, but one journal despatched a "represen tative" to Hastings, in order that he might interview the patient. her husband, the doctor, the nurse, and the undertaker; when, lo and behold ! it turned out that the whole story was pure fiction, having been invented, "on the spur of the moment," by a youthful compositor employed on the local paper in which it originally appeared, and whlo, hav ing been interrogated, was compelled to con fosS his mendacity. The mode of manufacturing Indian ink has long been, and is still, a profound secret. All inducements hitherto held out by Euro peans and Americans to the Chinese, who are the sole manufacturers, to reveal the nature of their operations have completely failed. All that we do know about Indian ink is, that it is prepared in some way or other from burnt camphor. House flies are, and always have been, amongst the most "unpopular" of insects. Luther is said to have hated them heartily, and to have massacred them without mercy. Ho was wroth with them, and called them " the emissaries of Diabolus and the ghosts of heretics," because they buzzed about him and distracted his attention when reading a pious boohk. It will be remembered that, according to the prevailing ideas of the old Romsan Catholics, the bluebottle and the ,common house fly together constituted one of the many plagues of the mcditeral purgatory. Feminino clergymen seem to be well ap preciated in America. One lady, " the Rev. Carrie J. Burtlett," has been pastor of a church in Southern Dakota; for several years, and is now onthusiastically called to another important charge in Michigan. The "rever end" lady began her career as a newspaper reporter. The present estimated population of the United States is 04,000,000, and it has been recently ascertained that the number of the people of that country is now being increased annually by immigration to the extent of at least half a million. The foreign popnlation of the States is not far below l alf 14,000,000. The paupers in London at the beginning of last month numbered 885,00, the number of those receiving indoor relief being 54,460. The following bit of conversation was seized en passant the other evening at a fashionable reception: Madamne Melba to Madame Paul Bloutit : 'Vous tos Anglaise, Madame, jo crois.' '~Iadamo Bloutt : 'Etn effet; mais vous aussi, IMadame ?' Madamo Malba: 'Anglais, hum, oui, Australienne.' Madame Blouit : ' Well, tIhen, suppose wo speak in English.' The two ladies had been speaking in French for a quarter of an hour without either sus pecting that the other was English. A good-natured plant has been discovered which has seeds resembling a French bean in size and shape, with a sweet taste, a flavour somewhat like opium, iand a sickening odour. Small doses of the pulverised seeds give rise to. peculiar manifestations. The, person laughs boisterously, sings, dances, and cnts up all kinds of fantastic capers. The excite moent continues about an hour, when the subject falls into a deep sleep of an hour or more, and awakens utterly unconscious of hisi late ridiculous behaviour. As mountain plints survive the winter's blast .Thoughl on a scanty soil there lot be east, So woman's love is strengthen'd by her fears, And thrives apace on showers of dewy tears; Through storms of doubt, its roots more firmly cling, Till faith's endurance full fruition bring; Faith, hope, and love, united, brave. thi' worst, And smile when tempests in wild fury burst; Dower'd with these priceless gifts, a gentle woman's heart Will struggle on through.years thatlittle joy imparc. The Empres of Germany will in future be attended by a special body-guard of the twenty-four tallest men in the Prussian army, with five colossal sergeants and a com manding oilicer to match. Like the ancestor whose military plans he so much admires Frederick the Great--the present Emperor wishes to see the finest men' of his empire among his troops, and hies picked out this particular two dozen. They will wear 'the quaint costume of the Great Frcderick'sL body-guard-red coat, white breeches, and three- cornered.hat. Biddy Sullivair was what was termed a '~generil dealer,' and amongiother things,: sold whisky "on 'the sly.' A customer, entering her shop, inquired if she lhad any thinig to eat and drink. 'To be sure,' shoe replied, 'I have a thimbloful of the cratur, my darling-that comes only to ttwopence; and this big little' loaf yeo may have' for the samen money. 'JBoth twopce ?"' '" Both itho: samen, as P'm :a 'Christian woman, arid worth double the sum.' ' Fill me thIe whisky, if you pleso.'.: Shie did' so, and he 'driank it, atiid; then said, 'It comes to twopence, my jewel; l'm not hungry-take back the loaf' -tendering it. ' Yes, honey, but what pays for 'the whisky ?' ',"'Whly, thoe:' loaf, to :.be sure!' ' But yo haven't peid for the loaf!' ' Why, ye wouldn't have a man paity for's tlitig ho hlasn't eaten ?' ...Mr. 'Abigail, jthe 'other night, told his audience some of tho conditions of hlife that not even the ' noble cause,' carried out to its fullest'ddoe"dlo't'iiet~ n modify. hoe' eriid that 'woihei sereo'. :employed .in sorting minerals.' ind therb; ccu;ld be seen tih degrad 'ing specte'dle of 'oinomon strptped to tle waist shovellit g the mineral side by side with nmen, at thIe paitry pay of from l Is to Is tcid per day. ('Shame !') Does M-r. Abigail, or doss his interjector (says the .Eeh.o), imagino that the degradation of this spectacle would be diminished if the women thus forced to labour wore paid as much mnnoy as the bast artizans can command. The truth is Pro. tection or Frectrade has.little to do with the condition of things" in certain European countries. The immense pressure of popula. tion is responsible for the cruel servitude of women, which all observers comment upon, in France, Ger many', 'elgium, and Holland especially. The Right lion. A. J. Mundells, in present. ing a copy of Shakspears to one of the prize winners at the Bishop Stortford School, stated that he never allowed a night to pass withoiit roisding something from Shakepeare. When he wonthome from the House of Com monsthO did it to "take the bad taste out of his mouth." A-sensational-story comes from Johnstown that a diver who has explored the bottom of the river beneath the arches of the stone via duct reports that hundreds of bodies are lying thoer, one upon another, held down by tons of steel wire that.has been wrapped and twisted into a mass of unknown proportions. The reformer of practical abuses first begins, to be wise when hi allows for the absolute vitality of human error and huiman folly, and is willing to believe that those whoi cannot see in precisely the same way that he does are not themselves necessarily bssd men. Men of thought, without suspecting it, govern the world; and men in power, also without suspecting it, are governed "by the world. A more glorious victory cannot be gained over another man than this-that when the injury. began on his part, the kindness should begin on ours.-TILroT-soe. Nearly all the idols now worshipped in India are of English manufacture. It needs as many reflections to produce a thought as it does generations to produce a thinker. William Hunter, the great anatomist, was a very early riser, and, when his professional duties were discharged, occupied himself until late at night in his dissecting-room or his museum. His illustrious brother, John Hunter, one of the greatest surgeons who ever lived, rose 'at half.past five; remained in the dissecting-room until nine, when he ' breakfasted ; received patients at home until noon ; made his daily calls among his out patients .until four; dined, saw more patients, ahd then devoted his evenings to his favourite studies, or to disssesions with his scientific friends. At the age of sevdnteen Madame do Stagil was placed at a convent in France. She was in the habit of visiting a friend who lived across the square on which" the convent abutted. The brother of her friend always insisted upon escorting. her home, and lid her round the two sides of the square. But, as the-young,man's fancy grew less ardent, he gradhiallhjshortened the route, until hi led her homs by the nearest way. The witty lady remarks : ' By this I learned that his love for me diminished in the exact prooer. tion of the diagonal to the two sides of the square,' probably the most accurate caleula tibn of waning affection that maiden over made. Though Queens of Society try as they will To dazzleaand charm us by droesing to kill, They cannot look ever, we have to confess, As sweet as tbo girl in a calico dress. All praise to the girl in a calico dress; A marriage with her is a certain success. A kitchen or-parhour-each one in its place She, like Cinderella, will equally grace. 