I SOME CURIOUS DREAMS. j (St. Jame* Gazette) j The good old ghost storr tiat set our flesh creeping in the darkened chamber as we crouched by the flickering light from the hearth, the presentineuts that we didn't believe in though we acted apon them, the haunted chambers, the phantom cars, and the prophetic dreams -they have disappeared from literature; they do not even find a place in Christ- mas annuals. We used to believe ia them as long as we koew that they were stuff and nonsense. As nobody took them in earnest it was nobody's business to discredit them. But in passing from literature they have entered into science -Psychical Science. The Ghosts and Presentiments and the Appearances and the Prophetic Dreams-they are labelled and classified as Telepathic Phenomena, or Externalizations of the Transcen- dental Ego, or Manifestations of the Dual Consciousness. Three years ago Dr. Cari du Prel published "The Philosophy of Mys- ticism " in Germany, a work on which he had spent a good deal of time and a good deal of laborious acuteness. It has now been translated (very well translated), and is published in England in two handsome volumes by Mr. Red way. Those who have the patience to wade through a mass of profitless metaphysic, and are not de- terred by the elaborate jargon which paBBes current in the Spookcries, will find something in these volumes which may help to farther muddle their al- ready mystified understandings ; but they will not find many good stories to amuse them. As the whole structure of the " philosophy " professes to be built upon ascertained facts, it may not be without interest to give a few of the stories. The author cites a saying of Footenelle, " A vaut d'expliquer les faits il est nécessaire de les constater; on évite ainsi le ridicule d'avoir trouve la cause de ce qui n'est point." It is not quite sufficient to state facts : they should be proved-a formality which is not any better observed by Dr. du Prel than by other members of other psychical schools and societies. The "dramatic power" of the dream hardly required to be proved in a "scientific treatise." But the Koran is, in England, a neglected book ; so a quotation is excusable:-"The Angel Gabriel took Mahommed out of his bed one morning to give him a sight of all tilings in the seven heavens, in Para- dise, and in hell ; which the prophet took a distinct view of, and after having held ninety thousand con- ferences with God, was brought back again to hie bed. All this, says the Alcoran, was transacted in so small a space of time, that Mahommed on his return found his bed still warm, and took up an earthern pitcher (which was thrown down at the very instant that the Angel Gabriel carried bim away) before the water was all spilt." The Mahdi could invent a dozen dreams as good as this ; and as for Osman Digna i -well, ho lias given his proofs. Here is a more diverting story. It illustrates the eternal conflict between the higher and lower parts of man's nature-or woman's rather:-" Before her senses were suppressed, but while she was aiready gravitating towards somnambu- lism, she said : ' Where am I ? I am not at home in the head. There is a strange struggle between the pit of the stomach and the head ; both would pre- vail, both see and feel. That cannot lie ; it is a tearing asunder. It is as if I must send down the head into thc stomach if I would see anything. Thc pit of the stomach pains rae, if I think above; and yet down there it is not clear enough. I must wonder, and that with thc head, over the new disposition of thc stomach." In this dyspeptic agc anything about the stomach ÍB interest- ing, and there arc many persons who would admit that they are not at home in their heads. There is a cruel hit at the doctors in the story of a lady " who could foretell lier complaints quite regularly and cer- tainly by dreaming of her physician." That is what comes of consulting a specialist. You will always find that you are suffering from the complaint which he bas been appointed to cure. TertuIHan is supposed by some commen- tators to be indulging in . sly dig at the faculty when he makes these remarks: " When the demons cure diseases, it is l>ecause they have themselves caused them ; they prescribe effectuai remedies, j and then it is believed they have driven ! away the disease because they have ! ceased to cause it" ((¿ilia desintad lodtre, enrassê crediinlnr.) It is said to be an esoteric rule among a certain class of doctors, if a patint conies with a complaint which they don't understand, to (jive bim one which they do under- stand and to cure that. It appears that somnambulists are like other persons suc- cessful in treating their own ailments. Here Í6 a case :-" Keroer says of one of his soinn&inliules; that what she pre- scribed for herself acted ' with mathe- matical certainty,' but her prescriptions for others were of less avail ; his ex- planation deing that the patients did not closely observe the hours prescribed for the remedies-a point much insisted on by somnambules, who explain failures, and also the alterations they rnuke themselves in their prescriptions, hy the imperfet -execution of their direc- tions." "Sontnatrjl'ulisn) " has often been nnVred in one of the divisions of the High Court of Justice as th» ex- I pianation of awkward evidence which cannot be met by a point-bliiuk denial. Somnambulism appears to lie animated by good intentions, which it does not always succred in carrying out : "Champignon knew a girl who led an irregular life with her magnétiser, and whom he resolved to reform, tn som- | mmbnlisin, «ocordiing to his wish, she felt, for the first time, a violent remorse, and made the best resolutions. Awake, she was as dissolute as ever. The inclination to improvement lasted only until ene met ber former magnétiser, and allowed herself ¡to put to sleep by htm. Henceforward there was no difference between her dis- position in somnambulism and in waking." On the other hand, the Widow Petersen (a lady who enjoys a great réputation in spookiest circles) was never guilty of falsehood in "the Deep Sleep," though in her waking i hours given to indulge in tarradiddles of quito a monumental character. The mysterious passion of love is as- serted to be a proof of personal dualism. The theory ts hard upon the ladies. " Many a one loves a maiden not only in spite of faults condemned by his con- sciousness, but on account of those faults which are agreeable to the unconscious. Such, for instance, are expressions of feminine humour and levity, which may promote passion, while we recognise them with misgiving." From many different points of view it seems essential for everybody to give up tbs vain delusion of imagining himself not to be somebody else. "If thus, supplementing the problem of external cognition, we apply diligently to self-coguition, this is tba shortest way to revive our demand for metaphysics, without which no re- ligion, no philosophy, no true art is thinkable." But somehow or other re ! ligions, philosophies, and arts Itave ! managed to come into a kind of spurious success ; nor do they seem for their exis- tence or success, to be indebted in any the slightest degree to the vapouring of raysticists who call themselves philoso- phers (or what is not quite the same thing) i Doctors of Philosophy. To be quite fair, we subjoin Dr. Clari du Prel's reply to criticisms upon his method :-" I have undoubtedly the right to demand from a critic not only philosophical preparation, but also a knowledge of the most im- portant of the works I have cited ; but to emphasise this demand is unfortu I nately necessary at a time when jour I nalistic reviewers who have made no regular study in any direction are thought capable of criticism in every direction, and who, without thoughts of their owD, have leisure to disfigure and maltreat the thoughts of others." These words are taken from the author's pre I face. In order that we part with him on thoroughly good terms we record an instance of somnambulism which he has I omitted to quote. At Tappington, in England, one of the guests in a country house-i lieutenant in the English army -trissed every morning a pair of trou- sers from his bedroom. The mystery I was as unpleasant as it was puzzling. The story is told at length by a local chronicler. We quote from memory the most important passage. " Ile was in the act of stooping to deposit the panta- loons in the grave which he had been digging for them, when Tom Ingoldsby came behind him and with the flat of ' the spade-. The shock was suffi- cient. Never again did Lieutenant Sea ! forth act the part of the somnambulist. His breeches, his silk-net pants, his gray I trousers with the red stripe of the Bombay Fencibles, all were unearthed from what had promised to be their last resting-place." The substantial accuracy of this narrative may be tested by reference to the curious and learned rest-arches published by Herr Ingoldsby. 