MESSRS. O'MARA AND ABBOTT'S MEETING. Messrs. T. C. O'Mara and J. P. Abbott addressed a very large and orderly meeting last night, numbering at least 2000 from the balcony of McPherson's Barley Mow Hotel, Park-street. Dr. J. C. Cox, who was voted to the chair, said he hoped they would give the candidates a fair hearing whilst giving them the benefit of their views on protection, a policy which he (the chairman) maintained was required in the colony of New South Wales. He (the chairman) was a protectionist for the last 20 years, and he was certain, judging from current events, that protection would soon be the ruling power in the country. (Cheers.) Mr O'Mara, who met with a warm reception, said us they might well imagine he came before them with his friend Mr. Abbott as the representative of protection, they were pretty well tired now, us they addressed meetings night after night, but still he would put forth all his energies to the last to satisfy the electors that the policy he was advocating was the right one, and that himself and Mr. Abbott were fit and proper persons, not only to represent the country in Parliament, but particularly the citadel of the free-trade party-East Sydney. Cheers.) They were both protectionists, and at the present moment they were the only two representatives of the cause of protection in the field for the electorate of East Sydney. (Cheers.) They were both chosen by their leaders to fight free trade in the very spot where it was supposed to be strongest. They talked about free trade. Had they such a thing in the colony P (A Voice: "No.") There was no such thing in New South Wales. Not long ago the Parkes Government passed an Act or Parliament which established the principle of protection that which put a poll-tax on the Chinese. That Act decidedly was rightly passed- that the people of the colony should not be put in the degrading position of competing with the cheap labour of Chinamen. (Laughter and cheers.) Though the ? Chinaman was handicapped-in fact excluded in a measure by putting on a heavy poll-tax, still the products of Chinese labour, which competed with the labour of their own honest industrious working men who had wives and children to support, were admitted free of charge. (Cries of " Shame") It was said they had freetraders amongst them. He did not know them more than that there was no Government that would dare to attempt to include free trade out and out as a part of their policy. (Cheers.) They had a free trade candidate before them in the person of Mr. John Street. Mr. Abbott had referred to the matter already. He had a great regard for Mr. Street personally, with whom he sat for two years in Parliament, but Mr. " Street was in duty bound to proclaim at the hustings on next Saturday whether he was a freetrader or a protest- ' tionist. How did Mr. Street act when his political -1 principles and personal interests come into conflict P Mr. Street derived a considerable revenue from what was known as the kerosene industry. He did not want to have it inferred with he (Mr. Street) lived solely by that industry, but Mr. Street, who came before flour as a free-trade candidate on ftursdav-and he would ask protectionists and freetraders to listen to the fact he (Mr. Street) was the chairman of a company who refused to take 333 per cent, off knee souo. Here was a man, and a freetrader, forsooth, who was making a large income by putting on a protected duty. He (Mr. Sheet) would allow protection to himself, but refused the same to the mechanics and artisans. If Mr. Street protected himself the electors had a right to expect that he (Mr. Street) would protect them as well. '(Cheers.) Let the freetraders ck Sir. Street if he was going to stand by this protective duty of 33J per cent, upon his own special industry, and if he refused to give a straightforward -UIHWI r it WILS the duty of the freetraders to refuse to vote for him. (Cheers.) That was common topic. There were duties on bacon, butter, ham, and cheese which the Government dare not remove because the farmers would not stand it. (Cheers.) Most of the freetraders were protectionists in their heart. As an instance he might mention that a gentleman of his (the speakers >-) profession, and a native of New South Wales, went up recently to contest the Kiama electorate. The (speaker asked what he was, and the young Parliamentary aspirant said he was a freetrader. He (Mr. O'Mara) said, "If you are not a protectionist you have not the ghost of a chance, because there is a protective duty on bacon, cheese, c, and are not you going to remove them V " His (Mr. O'Mara's) friend said, "No." Well, he unhesitatingly told that man to his face that he was a protectionist, and one of the most selfish kind. He was a fair specimen of a freetrader. He refused to do the same thing for the Sydney mechanic that he was willing to do for the Kiama farmer. (Cheers.) But there was not one of them a freetrader. (Cheers). Mr. M'Millan and others insisted that the ad valorem duties should be repealed. And why? Because the ad valorem duties touched the pockets of the Sydney importers. and nobody else. (Hear, hear.) His friend Mr. Abbott said that Mr. Wentworth described the importers as the most selfish and grinding class in the community. He would give them an instance. Some time ago the agents caste from the manufacturers in England direct to deal with the retail customers here, in order to induce the latter to purchase direct from the manufacturer. The Sydney importer said they would boycott the free-trade retailers, if the retailers treated direct with the manufacturers, as by so doing they would be setting aside the importers' charges, which were 20 per cent. commission. Those were the class who called themselves freetraders, who led the people to believe that they wanted to cut down the prices of articles. The freetraders had an opportunity to cut down the prices, and they did not do so. In election times Mr. M'Millan and his confreres were going about In cabs, endeavouring to catch the electors' votes. They now came to realise that their pockets were touched, and these gentlemen, forsooth, felt deeply concerned about one interest that of the working man. (Laughter.) He had no hesitation in saying that those importers who represented the shoddy " importers were nothing else but commission agents. With regard to the crisis, the Home did not rest on the shoulders of the protectionists, it was Sir Henry Parkes's own making ; as they were well aware the ex-Premier was heartily sick of the gentlemen with whom he was associated. Sir Henry Parkes saw the first and practical opportunity that presented itself of getting out of a great difficulty, and he courted defeat. The speaker next referred to the tactics of Mr. M'Millan and Mr. Wise. These gentlemen, he said, set about inaugurating a new order of things. Their first move was to refuse supply to Mr. Dibbs, although Sir Henry Parkes declared in the House that no other person hold possession of the position of Premier but Mr. Dibbs. Sir Henry Parkes was for granting supply, but Mr. M'Millan and Mr. Wise, thinking that they would get into power, re- belled against their old, practical lender, and the result was that supply was not granted. And what was the result P Those who were in the public service were deprived of the means to pay their bakers' and butchers' bills. (Cries of " Shame.") If any one of them had a private employer, they would expect him to meet his engagements, and pay the wages of the men he had employed, on which their wives and children depended. It was the same with the officials in the Government service. They depended on the Government for punctual payment of wages. (Hear, hear.) But he believed that the present Government, notwithstanding there was a constitutional difficulty in their way, would employ every wearne, even to the extent of breaking the law, to pay the Civil servants rather than keep them waiting for two months more. And they might depend upon it, the Parliament which came back to power, no matter on which side the majority would be, would indemnify the Government if they violated the law by paying the Civil servants. (A voice: "Kick out Dibbs.") Let the man in the crowd do it if he could Let him go down to Wagga (A voice : '' He is not fit.") Let him remind them that with Mr. Dibbs, whatever might be said of him, were associated men who had unblemished reputations. (Cheers.) There was one of their oldest friends who was once their trusted representative, Mr. Burton (cheers) whom they could trust. Was there any man in New South Wales who was so cowardly or so base M to dare urge a single thing against the public or private integrity of Mr. Barton ? (Cheers, and a voice, " The only decent man in the Cabinet."; (Laughter.) They might rest sure that any Government of which Mr. Barton was a member would have no John Davies at the head of the Casual Labour Board; there would be no attempt to lease the tramways, which was practically an attempt to rob the people of a vast property; and they would have no Hornsby scandals, or So inquiries about Mr. Fehon or anybody else. (Cheers.) Their duty was to drive out of Parliament the men who were responsible for those grave scandals. (Cheers.) He asked them to investigate his career and Mr. Abbott's, and say were they fit to represent them. (Yes,) Mr. 'Abbott was a credit to the Assembly. He was in Parliament nine years, and was also a Minister of the Crown and he would say without hesitation that there was no department of the Government which he could not fill with facility and success. (Cheers.) Everyone would admit that he was a gentleman of great experience, great industry, and great talent. (Cheers.) Mr. Abbott did not come before them as a novice; he was more or less tried and, he believed, successfully tried, too. As regards himself, he challenged his bitterest opponent to expose one single act of his career that was not for the benefit of his native country. (Cheers.) Let them reject them if they liked. (Cries of "No, no.") If they did he should be disappointed. He came before them anxious, and doubly anxious, for the honour of representing them in Parliament in the first constituency of his native' colony, and if he had not succeeded in attaining the object of his ambition, he promised them to take his " gruel" like a man, and an Australian. (Laughter and Cheers.) Mr. ABBOTT, who met with a warm reception, said the duty of the electors was to vote for himself and Mr. O'Mara. There was nothing more dangerous than divid- ing the vote with the freetraders and protectionists. If coated it was his (Mr. Abbott's) duty to serve in the army of the protectionists, and do his duty in the capacity of a private soldier. Cheers.) He was asked by Mr. Dibbs to join the Administration, and take any four more he liked to choose. He (Mr. Abbott) said "no," but he would work shoulder to shoulder with his party, and give the party his vote the same as in the past, in the Coming Parliament. Some of those on the other side that sought their suffrages might be worthy and respect able citizens, but it did not follow that they were capable politicians. He would like to draw their attention to a report in an evening paper. Mr. Wise made an application on hand If of one of the creditors to wind up the affairs of the Atlas Iron Works. That great young patriot went into court, and in making the application to wind up a concern which supported hundreds in the city, end " that is striking another blow at the encouragement of native industry." (Cries of " shame.") One would think that no man in the community would regard the failing of such a concern which found employment for hundreds with any feelings but regret. These were the sentiments of foreign traders imported into the country. (Laughter.) His (Mr. Wise's) father was an honourable man occupying an honourable position in the country. He had drawn a pension which the people had to pay, and that went to defray the cost of this young gentleman to proceed to Oxford. Mr. Joseph Wood (of M'Lean Bros, and Rigg) proposed, and Mr. J. F. Scholer seconded, a resolution to the effect that Messrs. O'Mara and Abbott were fit and proper persons to represent East Sydney in Parliament, Which the chairman declared carried unanimously. Mr. G. H. Reid, for East Sydney, addressed a large audience of electors last evening at 3 o'clock from Mr. Cleary's Hotel, corner of Woolloomooloo and Forbes streets and was listened to with marked attention. At the conclusion of the meeting a unanimous vote of confidence was passed in his favour. Thence Mr. Reid proceeded to air. Flanagan's Hotel, corner of Liverpool and Yurong streets, where a large crowd had assembled, who heard the candidate with evident satisfaction, winding up with a vote of confidence and prolonged ^MrT'street followed Mr. Reid at both houses, and was most cordially received, votes of confidence being accorded to him at both meetings, which were most orderly. 'I 