THE RECIDIVISTE. A MELBOURNE ROMANCE. BY DAVID G. FALK. Author of "The Australians," Ac. All Eights Reserved. PART HI. . . Chapter I.— Lover and Lover. The shadow of a dreadful crime liung over the houso of Vinicombe, and had the effect of causing tho worthy restaurateur's respectable if humblo establishment to wear on aspect of melancholy. It was a considerable timo beforo those living in the house were able to divest themselves of the horror tho death of the man Tavadoro had aroused in them. Mrs. Vini combe was a particularly susceptible subject to this general feeling of fear. Whether it was that maternity, on what might bo called a whole- Balo scale, had had the effect of weakening her nerves, or whether it was tbat a complaint she at that timo suffered from— colloquially known in the family as tho "creeps"— had long lain dormant in her system, aro not matters of posi tive certainty ; but that sho exhibited for somo time subsequent to tho tragedy frequent symptoms of terror at inadequate causes -was evident enough. Sho started and turned palo at cvory sound, and showed so much trepidation that it speedily communicated itself to tho young Vinicombes. The parents had tried to keep all knowledge of the affair from their innocent progeny, but with an awful precocity and intelligence tho Vinicombo olivo branches not only got to know of the deed, but became posted up in all its dreadful details. It affeoted them oil moro or less in tho sumo way. If left alone in a room they would fly shrieking from it. In tho even ing, as bedtime approached, they became trans fixed with a kind of overpowering terror, and exhibited a disinclination to retire that actually arose at times to open mutiny. When at last, under stress of parental authority, they did go to bed, they immediately put their heads under tho bedclothes, and trembled with awful appre hension until they fell asleep. Even Mr. Vinicombe himself showed that the affair had left a nowise pleasant impression on his mind; for often, when shutting up tho houso tho last thing nt night, ho would start and glanco npprehensivoly into corners and behind doors, as though ho expected to seo half a dozen or so blood stained corpses lying in wait for him. All this, however, as may bo imagined, was tho moro immediate effect of tho tragedy. Gradually the moro vivid rccolleotion of it faded away, and the household returned to its ordinary groove. By the young Vinicombes, however, tno affair was still broughtprominently under their paronts' notice; for, after they had lost their terror of it, with a precocity that argued a high Btate of intelligence they used it as a means .of gratifying their tosto for staying up beyond their usual hour for retiring. This tlicy effected by simulating terror of tho most vivid description, and hy declaring that they were too frightened to bo left in the dark, by which ingenious device they were generally allowed a respite of hnlf an hour in order to gain necessary composure, and, furthermore, were indulged with tho additional luxury of a lighted candle until they fell asleep. During the day, too, they turned tho affair to a means of mutual recreation and amusement in a way that seemed to cause them the liveliest gratification. They committed suicide over and over again in the hack yard, and held inquests on each other with a formality that was actually impressive. Little Eke was tho only ono who did not join in this gratifying occupation, but all the others gave themselves up to it with unflagging enthusiasm. Timsoy cut his throat with a piece of hoop iron no less than 14- times in ono morning undor circumstances of tho most stony hearted deliberation, and was promptly sat upon by Betsy Jane as coroner, and tho rank and file of her brothers and sisters as jurymen, with a taot and judgment that argued great things for the future. But even this absorbing occupation gradnally lost its charm and was given up ; and boforo very long, as for as the Vinicombe olivo branohes were concerned, the whole inoident seemed to hnvo passed from their memory. There was ono exception to this, however, and that was in tho caso of Littlo Eke. From somo cause this youthful hero seemed to bo laboring under a profound and overpowering melancholy. Ho lost nis usual aggressiveness and that boyish exuberance of spirits that liod been nt onco tho pride and pain of his father. Mr, Vinicombo. hojjccd tho change in his eldest son and heir with great astonishment and some dismay, and took an opportunity of questioning -him. But lie could get nothing from Littlo Eko to reliovo his anxiety : that juvcnllo martyr — whatever the cause of his depression— kopt it religiously to himself. Ono afternoon somo fortnight or so after the inquest tho worthy father was seated in his capacious easy chair near the little window that commanded the publio diningroom. Ho had bimself dined, and thoso pleasant sensations that accompany the process of Healthy digestion gently moved him. His fat face was wrinkled by a placid smilo ; his fatter hands were loosely clasped on tho bandana handkerchief Bpread out on Ills knees, and bis eyes, from staring vacantly out of tho littlo window, took to blinking, and finally closed. But an irruption of tho young Vinicombes suddenly caused bim to open his oyes with somo signs of impatience, and when ho tried to com- Sose himself again tho charm had fled. The isorganised army of children filled tho room with clamour, and put to flight all thoughts of rcposo for tho time being. In a Bpirit of true philosophy Mr. Vinicombo resigned himself to the inevitable, and rousing himself with an effort, exclaimed, "Como here, child'en ; and I'll tell you a story." A shriek of pleasure grcotcd this an nouncement, and a contingent of tho children storming tho fortress of their father's legs, clambered up and took victorious possession of them forthwith. After tho squabbling on tbo part of the others bad been stilled regarding each one's individual right to a post of vantage on somo part of their father, the worthy Mr. Vinicombo gazed proudly round at his numer ous offspring, and without further ado launched out into tho current of his story. "There was once a man, child'en, as lived in the Bible and had a Prodigil Son. This 'ere son was very bad when he was a boy, and used to carry on dreadful, nnd ono day he ran right away. His father didn't know where he'd run to, and couldn't send him no money or clothes or anything, and tho Prodigil Son became so Eoor ho had to livo amongst pigs. Ho must ave been a had sou to run away like that from hiB kind father, mustn't he? You wouldn't do that, would you, Timsey?" "No, father, " answered thatyoung gentleman stoutly. "I wouldn't run away, cos then I wouldn't get nothin' to cat." " Of course not, " responded his father approvingly. "But the Prodigil Son ran away and et 'usks along with pigs. Then all at onco a famine came, and something told liim it was very wicked to have run away, and so he made up his mind to go back. He hadn't no nico clothes like you, Bubby ; no boots nor nothing ; but ho goes back to his father and sos, ' Father, I've been very wicked and had to go and eat 'usks, but I've como back again, and I hope you'll forgive me.' Then his parient erics " "What did ho cry for, father?" exclaimed Betsy Jane. "Why, because he was so pleased, of course." " I cry too when I got soap in my eyes, I do, " yolled Timsey triumphantly. " Ye3, And it's very naughty of you," returned Mr. Vinicombo severely. "No good little boys cry like that." "Well; he cried," answered Timsey some what taken aback. "Who?" " Him in tho story." "Oh; but that's different," returned Mr. Vinicombo with somo embarrassment. "But thcro, children; bo quiet and let mo tell you about tho Prodigil Son. So he ses to his father, 1 I've been very wicked, and now I've como back.' So tho parient cries (Mr. Vini combe made quite a dn3h at this), and kisses him, and ses, ' My son, I thought you were dead, but you are alive, and you've como back to your father,' and ho kisses him again, and -orders a fat calf to bo killed for the Prodigil Son " Mr. Vinicombo had reached this point of his narrativo when a loud snivel emanating from Betsy Jane attracted his attention. " Why, what on 'arth's tho matter with tho child ?" ho exclaimed, coming to a sudden stop. " Is there anything ails you ?" "I wont to know what a rro'gil Son is?' snivelled the young lady. Mr. Vinicombo gazed at his oldest femalo blossom in open mouthed anger. " Then why oil 'arth don't you ask instead of ciying ?" ho exclaimed. I cry when I get soap into my eyes," ex claimed Timsoy with a whoop, the concluding words of his father's adjuration evidently bring ing the fact again to his mind. "Ill whip you, Timsoy, if you don't bo quiet," cjooulated the irato father. "Stop that ciying, Betsy Jane. Who ever heard of littlo girls cryin just becauso they wanted to know some thing thoy could nsk about ? A Prodigil Son means a son what'b a progidy— somethin' wonderful, you know. You ain't a Prodigil Son, and you never will bo if you goes on liko that— nono o' you." Mr. Vinicombo gazed sternly round, and see ing that quiet was restored, coutiuued the nar ration of bis story : " So when bo camo back bis father kissed bim and ordered a fat calf to bo killed, and rcgiced over him just tho same as if he'd been dead and come to life agon. Aud tho Prodigil Son atoppod withhiB father, and they was all happy toge ther. Now, child'en, romombcr that,'' ho con cluded, drawing nn original moral from the story in a fashion peculiaiiy bis own ; " remem ber that, and try every ono of you to bo pro digil sons and give your father pleasure and he'll ho proud of you ;" and with this apt peroration, evidently uttered in tho best of faith Mr Vinicombo brought his story to a triumphant termination. It had just been concluded and the moral pointed in tho remarkablo manner mentioned when tho entry of Littlo Eko attracted his father's attention. "Where havo you been all bv yourself," ho said sternly, " instead of comin' and listenin' to your father?" "I ain't been nowhere." "What do you mean by that? Ain't been nowhere; you must havo beon eomewheres. You nra t a ghost or a scoptro (Mr. Vinicombe evidently meant spectre), aro you ?" " I wish I was," ejaculated Littlo Eko in a burst of aggravation; " I wouldn't havo nothin' to think of then." "What on 'arth does tho boy mean?" said his father in tones of despair." Blest if I can make out at all. First, bo's that rampagoous there's no lioldin' with him, thon ho goes and gets that low that you can't got a word out of him. What's tho matter with you, Littlo Eko, that you go on so as if your own father and mother doesn't bolong to you? Havo you o't anything ns lias disagreed with you, or havo you been doing something you didn't ought to — or what?" But Littlo Eke shook his head with gloomy pertinacity. . " I ain't been doin nothing, father." "Then what is it? Mother, do you know what's tho matter with Littlo Eko?" he said turning to Mrs. Vinicombe as she entered tho room. " There must bo something up with . him. I think his wittlcs must bo diragrcein' with him He's tlint low, thorc's no doin' anything with him." "I don't knows I'm Buro, fftthor » returned tho good lady. I'vo keen asking liim, but he wouldn't toll me. "Well, look yo here, Littlo Eke," said his father Btcrnly, "I ; won't havo any moro of it Do you mind what I Bay. Boys mustn't go about liko crockerdilcs, nor yet liko wombats You've got to — —Hallo 1 who's that ?" Tho last exolamation of tbo worthy eating houso keopor was not elicited by Little Eke but by a stranger whom he oould sco through' tho littlo window standing irresolutely on tho foot path outside. Ho was engaged in reading the numerous placards with which the establishment was solavishly ornamented, and after a moment s pauso of irresolution passed into tho publio dining room, looking about ovidently for some- ono to address.- Mr. Vinicombo jumped up from his chair with as much agility as ho was capablo of, and, making his way to tho dining room, gave tho visitor greeting. "Are you Mr. Vinicombo?" asked tho latter with somo littlo diffidence. " I am," responded that gentlemen. "My narao is Flobbs — Augustus Flobbs; perhaps you have heard of mc. No ? I thought perhaps Miss Masters might havo mentioned my name. I am a friend of liers." "I am pleased to sco you, then, sir, "responded Mr. Vinicombe heartily. "Wo all respect Miss Masters veiy much." " Thank you," said Mr. Flobbs, somewhat hesitatingly though; "but it's not anything about hor I'vo como about. Only I thought I'd mention her namo as wo both know lior. What I want to know is whether you will bo good enough to toll mo if there iB a gentleman named Ranq — a French gentleman— stopping hero." " Ho was ; but he's gono." " Ho's gone, eh ! Can you tell mo where to?" " That I can't, sir. Ho went away nearly a fortnight ago. I don't know if you heard about a sooicido that took place hero. Ob, you did," he continued, as tho other nodded. " It was a friend of Mr. Ranq's as ho was Iookin' after. After ho — " Mr. Vinicombe made a suggestiyo movement with tho stem of his pipo across his throat — "t'other ono cleared out, and I ain't seen or heard of him since." "Thank you. I'm very much obliged," said Mr. Flobbs. "That's all I wanted to know, whether bo was stopping hero or not. Thank you. Good day." Ho turned away and had almost reached the street, when he stopped irresolutely nt tho door, and seeing Mr. Vinicombe still standing in the room, turned back and addressed him onco again. " Mr. Vinicombe, "ho said with a good deal of hesitation; "might I ask you privately what you think 6f Mr. Eanq— of his character, I mean." " Of Mr. Ranq ? Well, for a Frenchman ho's tho pleasantest spoken ono I ever came across, and free with his money. I ain't seen nono freer. Ho was a very good lodger, hut t'other ono was always screechin' and yellin'." Mr. Flobbs seemed quite pleased at this item of information regarding Mr. Eanq, and reiterated his thanks with less embarrassment of manner ; and this timo when ho turned away ho made his way straight out without returning. IVhcn he had gained tho street he turned down the Yarra-bauk-road, and pursued his way to the Hobson's Bay Railway Station. On tho St. Kikla platform ho mot l'hilip Masters, who was walking to and fro waiting for tbo out going train. "Oil, Mr. Masters," said Augustus hesita tingly; "I was just thinking ot you. Could you spare ine fiyo minutes. Any time will do. It is simply a private affair ; llicro is no hurry about ( '' Veil, I'll tell you what," said Philip. Como out with mo to Emerald Hill and stop and have some Lea. I am going away to-morrow for a few days, so this will bo a good oppor tunity." "I could only stop for hnlf-an-hour or so, thank -you all tho same, because I'm on my -way to Miss Skillicornc's. Mr. Valentino is Yery ill, perhaps you've heard, and I keep him company sometimes in the evening. Yot I'll got out at Emerald Hill for half-au-hour." The train very soon stopped at their destina tion, and the two gentlemen descended and made their way towards tbo littlo cottage. Eick was not in the kouBc when tlicy entered, and so thoy had the sitting room to themselves. Bo seated, Mr. Fiobbj," said Philip. "I'm sorry you won't stop for tea. But you said you had something to say to me. Can I doanythin At this direct question, Mr. Flobbs exhibited a good deal of embarrassment, and even went bo far as to blush perceptibly. " I wanted to ask your advice, Mr. Masters,' be said bashfully. " I— I— thought, having known each other bo long, you might bo kind enough to " "Any advico I can give you is at your dis posal, returned Philip, seeing the other was at a loss to continue. ''Thank you. To toll you tho truth, I was '""iking of — of — getting married." There never was a middle-aged bachelor so confused as was Mr. Flobbs as he mado that declaration. Ho fidgeted in his ohair, and blushed, and coughed in a very nervous manner. " 1 1 congratulate you," said l'hilip. ... P.h no." bo returned hurriedly, "I was only thinking of it, I've not made up my mind yet. you know ; and I thought perhaps you'd give mo your advice on the matter. " Ib it allowable to ask who the lady is V Augustus fidgeted and blushed moro than ever. Such a nervous littlo man he was. he could hardly summon up courage to confide in Jrhllip. Miss-Miss Varty," ho said bashfully, after a lengthened pause. « o.Yo,u """'da'' d better, "Philip said heartily. She has tho best and kindest heart in the world. Do you think so?" oxolaimcd Augustus , Do you know, I think so too.f ihmk so ! I'm Bure of it." So am I," ho said, with some traco of enthusiasm, I ye known hor so long, I'm sure ?1 D? >'ou ,know. Mr- Masters, I never thought of marriage until lately ; nnd I don't know if Evolccn would care for it Ever since Mt \ alontmo arrived she lias been quito SlS'i. i, «Vi uaei1 bo ao'hind, and now sho takes any notico of mo at ail. I think bIic — sho— likes him," Mr. Flobbs had quite overcome hisbashfulness . Jealousy— certainly of a vcrv mild nature— marked his every feature. , i tkjnk she— she— likes him," ho repeated slowly, but I can't be sure. But do you Wv, Mr. Master, I dont think ho would mako F if Sn. '."Wl i ' I really don't. I Jou't Hk0 to talk of him behind his liaok.but lio's very selfish arid to toll you tho truth I don't think his mind cau bo quito easy, for ho utters nt timoB tho most dreadful things imagiuablo. I have been with him for two or three evenings a week now for somo time, and rcitily somo of tho things ho says are positively shocking. I shouldn't like to bobcre them true." " I'm veiy sorry to hear it," said Philip. "But as regards yourself, I'm Bure you couldn't do bolter than sottlo down comfortably. Miss Varty will make tho very best of wives, and she b( suited to you in every respect and yon to "Do yon think so?" said Augustus, with a frosh access of timidity. " It's a very liniiortant atop to tnko nt my age, and I—" Mr. Fkbbs.8" ' AV1'y' yU r0 a y0UJlg mttn yet' „ '.'Pi1' J0."'' wy that," bo returned, quite embarrassed. Inmpiuttbo ago of romance, you kuow— long past it. All I thought of was "qu'r 5 down in a quiot sonsiblo way," Tho very best thing you could do." I have boon hesitating for a long time : it is such a veiy important step to take. And then after all, Erolecn mightn't agreo to it. But I m glad you think favorably of it. I'vo boon so anxious about it has been quito ft'weicht ou my mind. Oh ; there's Miss MthTT breaking off abruptly, "I must go now " J' "Good evening, Mr. Flobbs," said ti,c v this aftomoonPhiiip." U at bo brio'emf fo"ar£?5y t.Mr: departed and Tho two'eft alon tho girls face assumedalook of greatee. " You won't bo away long, will von ,, sho said wistfully. "I cannot hob! ,i what this journey may bring forth ST5 going for my sako, and " tt ata "I am going for both our sake, Rick''!, answered. "I may find somo clue at Ka « dindy. It was there I first met will, father, and I may bo able to learn mr>!!.ti? from somo of the town people. But if I f or fail, Rick, I shall never give upl 0L,1 to find out tho secret of your birtli relv ? Whoever wroto that lottormust kiiowrno iii ' ho wanted, to tell Whoever ho is, some fc I will find him out, I swear. " "Always thinking of mo, Philip." saiil ll. girl gently. "Why do you' trouble so? y seo I am contented. I havo yon stUI, and to is all I want." " I am your protector, child, and I kuow what is host. Leave it to mo. Somo day I shall restore to you a namo that is yours by right shall bo done!" n0I,,uT030 of We, unlit "But there," he continued in a lighter tone wo havo talked enough of that. Now how will you manage while I'm away ? " "1£ M'. Jore3 comes and stops it will k ?ong" lcnt Philip' You w"u'fc boaway " What ! Lcavo an unprotected damsel at tho mercy of Mra. Jores, ' ho answered with an attempt at gaiety. " Oh no, that would never do ; Blic would grunt you into a fit. I'll tell you what though. Miss Varty would como here and keen you company to oblige us, I feel sure The midwinter holidays havo commenced, and I daroBay she'd bo glad to leave the school and that selfish pig of a Valentino for a few dan Shall we go and ask her, Rick?" "If you wish, Philip," Bho answered. "I'd sooner have her than anyone. " Their modest evening meal discussed and nil traco of it cleared away, Rick was in the act oi putting on hor hat and oloak vlien a rin- at tho front door, followed by the unexpected appearance of that polished man of tho world, Mr. Jacques Hennepin Ranq, threatened to delay their expedition. But seeing them thus accoutred, Mr. Ranq became profuse iu apolo gies and explanations. If ho had thought for ono moment that thoy intended going out that evening ho would not for worlds have troubled them with a visit, and a3 it was no considera tion on earth would causo him to stop and delay their departure. When ho learut the object of their evening's expedition ho was interested and sympathetic. He was afraid mademoiselle would find it lonely, but ho could assure her that sho could never bo in want of protection whilst Jacques Ranq was thoro to servo her. " Extend to mo tho privilege of keeping a protecting watch ovor your sister whilst you aro away, my dear friend," ho said, bowing gal lantly. " I promise you that sho shall be aa secure as when you yourself are here." . " O'1, you aro too polito," said Philip. "My sister has uo need of protection." "Indeed, no," said Rick quietly. "I will not trouble you, Mr. Ranq, by any means." "But who knows?" be returned. "Peril nnd danger may lurk anywhere. Yes; it shall be my task to watcli over you whilst your brother is away. It shall bo done, although you will not know it. Trust in me, my good friend, Philip ; your sister shall be under the most watchful oaro oven unknown to herself." Tho profound manner in which Mr. Iianq bowed after thus expressing bis intentions was something calculated to impress the most un- appreciative. After bowing lie became mora apologetio and effuaivo than ever. He wai preventing their departure, ho said sweetly, and nothing on earth could reconcile him to that. Although ho had a mattor of business to disouss with his friend bo would wait until he returned from his journey, which he hoped for bis own and mademoiselle's sake would uot he very protracted. If Philip was going anywhere ncnr_ Sandhurst, ho hinted, lie might perhaps do him tho favor — but it was not Sandhurst he was going to, but Karradindy— this from Philip. Karradindy. Ob ! that was where Mr. Ellieoort lived, was it not? Yes, of course. How delightful it would bo for bim to meet his friends again, and perhaps young Mr. EUicourt might bo induced to como down with him. How pleasant that would bo ; doubtloss for Miss Masters too. Ranq became very discursive, despite bis expressed determination not to delay his hosts for any consideration in the world. He beeame exceedingly discursiro, and bowed so much tbat in the end ho bowed himself to.' tho door, nnd so mado a final and graceful., exit. "Now wo can go, dear," raid Philip, some- bow with an air of reliof. Making their way to Olympus House, they found both Miss Skillicorne and Miss Varty ocoupiod in attendance upon their interesting patient and guest, Mr. Valentino Skillicorne. Philip briefly stated tho object of bis and Ricka late visit, assuring MiBs Varty that his absence would only bo ono of a few dayB. At first Evelcena refused on the plea of uot wishing to leave Luorotia and tho invalid, but ou Mm Skillicorne herself booking up Philip's request sho gave way and signified her willingness to do as the others wished. , Under theso pleasing ciroumstanccs it did not take long to arrange preliminaries, and it was determined that sho should accompany tno visitors back that very ovoniug. Sho went up stairs then and there to mako preparation to' bor Bhort abscnco ; so that when, a short timo afterwards, Philip and Rick returned to tno little cottage, tho former carried in ono hand largo bag containing a few of Miss >srt|, personal belongings and toilet requisites, wsm on tho other be gallantly supported no teat person than tliat lady herself. . , By tho time they got baok it was quite lat, and, as Philip had to bo away early m the mo ing, good nights and good byos wore very ' s raid, and Miss Yarty retired under i" care. . -m. At daybreak next morning, Miss Varty still lay unconsoious, Rick wa r and about, preparing Philip's breakfast . )' , bo camo out of bis room tbo tablo was taw she was waiting to pour out his ooffce. ,, "You up at this early hour, child, ho astonished, but grouting her afT?0'1"® V, " Whatever mado you troublo so ? I said g byo last night expressly that youshoulun to got up so early. And horo y« i „ been getting breakfast ready forme in t m Really, dear, you think too much of mc- vnrjr woll havo got a eup of coffee "Do you think I could lot you B Philip, without really wishing you B33" fa It is tor mo you aro going— for my sa j voty least I can do Is to snow you hoi thank you." , „ "Thcro is no occasion, Riok. fl.u»with "No, I know it. But dont find . , t (0 09 mo for this littlo pleasure— -for it is nnd nothing else. But thcro is bcsidcB, Philip — " . _ . nndawbb A faint blush camo over bcr face, i„nlr shone in hoc oycs as sho stood with her S on his ann, that-so keen was the sympathy wieim them— told him intuitively something a what was passing iwlier muid. "Itis aboutKmg, Bick. ! "Yes." she said, with a slight trembling of her sensitivo hps. "X have received an answer In mv letter. You liavo trusted me, dearPhrhp; taut me further, and don't ask me to show you this letter. I am doing mv part as you would TOsli: let that bo sufficient. , , "Have X over shown by word or gesturo that lam not satisfied, Rick?" ho said with tender "Philip, you have not j never once. You have trusted me so thoroughly. But I want voa to answer this letter for mo ; " sho said with Sinful hesitation. "Tell lum from me it is gi over— tell liim wliat your good aud true sense may suggest I cannot-cannot write any more. Toll liim not to como here. Do this, dear brother, and spare me the pain. ' Ho looked at tho trembling girl with some surprise, for deep as wm his knowledge of her ho did not uuderstaud all tho fcclmgs that moved her. He did not-could not know that her tender woman s heart was tilled to overflowing with love for him— King, her true lover— who was now separated from her for ever. He did not understand this, and ho did not understand tho motivo of her request. But his trust was unbounded and his lovo was unbounded, audit never entered into his mind to refuse C" I will do it Kick, if you wish," he said Thank yon, oh, thnnk yon. It will spare mo the luunilation, and spare liim. He is away with Mrs. Ellicourt. I pray you may not meet him for all our sahes. "Not meet King! "Why?" he asked as- ionisheil. "It would be bolter not, far hotter not, sho answered in a troubled voice. " At least for the present." When lie had gone the sorrowing girl took from her pocket King's letter, and read it tearfully over and over again. His manly expressions of unchanging love— his determination, expressed fiercely in every line, that nothing should come between them, not oven tho mystery of her birth— his passionate declaration that ho would never, novcr release her from her promise — all filled the girl's heart with anguish unutter able. It was such a letter as a lover like King— true-hearted and manful — could alone have written. Every line breathed a spirit of unalterable love— every , line breathed a passionate devotion that sprang from his honest heart. He told her that this that had come between them could never alter him and his love. He was and coulil only be the same us ever. It told her that his mother was ill ; tlmt for the present his place was by her side. He could not leave her, even his lovo for her must be put asido beforo this greater duty. Hut when he could leave his mother— that very day, that very hour — ho would come to her, liis pro mised wife, and take her to his heart despite licr —despite his father — despite everything. And so before his burning words — before this proof of bis unalterable love— tho girl's head was bowed, and the bitter tcara welled at tho thought of all she had lost and of the further trials that by beforo her. Chapter II. Tho task Philip had set himself was in no wise a pleasant or an easy one. After the lapse of so many years thcro seemed very little possibility of his discovering anything at Karradindy relative to Rick's birth, and yet ho made up his mind to persevere in ills task, with a determination that had it3 riso in his un3cldsh love. Changos, even grcatorthon those that had come to him during the last 10 years, had left their imprint on Karradindy. Tho Karradindy of the past had disappeared; in its placo stood a township flourishing, pretentious and active. Two twin magicians more potent than Eastern genii had joined forces to produce this change— gold and steam. Tho ' discovery of payable reefs in the neighborhood had given the first impetus to the progress of tho place, and tlm formation of a branch railway joining the main north-cast lino from Melbourne had com pleted tho work. To Philip, the place in its altered guise was familiar enough, but to any one who had not visited it since tho first tide of improvement bad act in it would have presontod no features of recognition. The publichonse, tho black smiths work shop, the storo and the half dozen weatherboard cottages, that had been tho solo representatives of the glory of tho main streot, fitiU existed,, but their glory had faded, for the mam Ktrcct itself had undergone a transforma tion. Iho railway station, situated at one end ol the town, had ccutred round itself tho life .and activity of the plnce, and had left the older part intactTft very derelict cast high and dry be ond tho influence of the waves of utilitarian thS? i Etlicourt'a otore, together with three others, important away ovor the now tJ10..towiiahiPJ a butcher, baker, Si i 5?,fe?tloner. jeweller, stationer-all prosecuted their various callings within hnil of the insigmficent terminus that oonnccted them X ht l. ractroP,lls- ' Business had turned hfum i on. tho oldor lmrfc of the had% l? i autl fasl»on and tho law meed the SUlt. A Mechanics' institute rcTl ri,l c., 7 m?,n ,atreet ; B court hon">, a i ecbool, a post and tolegranh office, a and the dwellings of tho princiral Everything looked now and tm, SfT .v red an Blmost '"suiting con tain f„l r.cma!n3 f U'o old past of tiio dry rot! scttll"S mto 0 condition of neglected Dome bSv'"'' tll0(;oHhy Mr. William one wlin l iWn f,w»cr Dill," was tho tiom His hnl fro.m?ln?d loyal to old nssocla- tauolied fv 'iUll!'stry,Bl?no romninod nn- Tho roariiv. f » rvolut on ot t'wo and chnngo. OveMn tfn nl8'fie!,bUr!,t forth ns l»s«Iy "s hammers and tl, « l 11' "f anvils i dldl echoes of tho sturdy fhQtamegtysSy:,Ud,nUUlSll0d V'Sr frm "bhctmmA nt his Step3in that dlrootion. memw o « „ frs,n?!>mQ. 33 a pleasant fuliioned child nnw P'Ct"r. of tho old the roaring flnmo a KBzinS silently at could almL' T arJ vimbIy t0 Id» mind. Ho again stollL 7 ho.SBW llcr fragilo figuro oCor! wn8""nra a.,nidttt ,«>" olang and mdianco in an»w t .iamUiS 5 B strange riio red fnm» t? the glowing chaUcngo of cldcd tke Si J?VCn U, hairy Vulcan? who to him in tp? 'mmmorn 03 easily as of yoro, WmemberS Z i-S", ' B. fnond. Philip "r quaint dolielit n. 7 1 , 'nB,fr bira ""'l Won gtew t f bl3 f'urdy chorusos, and friend? t0 look ul' 'urn quito as old ttitlio railv!>3Trill!nily PrSress, setting in settled dowl «f'?i contrei"S itself round it, Jo that in which «t!i3!7Pt|0 fc? endo£ the town 0133 10 yearn .in u l3 .Ult whcr0 More w'aMUUed Umself Th0 dr,UI,ko» B-uldlcr Dad floor tlian ov« ,cq ccted D'". further Isoiatad ruin? mi "? still stood an oompiotely cone «.« I"? ,roof Wtta ulmost started in many' pla,nk3.in «'<> «alls ha.l Ifo'wdv lived i„ 'cavin8 yawning gaps, ftaf it Since tll.in?!7 H,ccm,od to Dove gono Wen hu iifo 5 th,0 drunken saddler had » sMe article of rh-lmnd-, Th«o «» not fu rm. urn |,i it; oven tho rough wooden bed which had been dyed1 by tho suicido s blood, had been destroyed — a heap of ashes on tho dismantled hearth showing to what ubo it had most probably been put. Tho placo looked indescribably forlorn, and strnok Philip with a feeling of melancholy ho ?ut t not suppress. Hick had lived there, it had been one of tho scones of her early inisory. In that neglected hovel ho had found his only parent after years of separation; under it3 ruined roof ho had witnessed his terrible end. Ho shuddered involuntarily as theso memories of tho past came thronging to his mind, and ho passed out. of tho <loorlcs3 entrance with a look in which wcro blended melancholy and sorrow. In the frame of mind in which lie then was, every link that bound him to the past moved him with an overpowering sense of sadness. Ho made his way thoughtfully to the graveyard in which the earthly remains of iris father had been laid. An ornamental paling now sur rounded tho plot of land, and many headstones, marking tfao sito of moro recent graves, lent something moro of solemnity to tho spot than it had before possessed. Away in a distant corner rhilip saw a shapeless mound which lie thought he recognised as liis father's grave. Aa lie stood by, with the gentle sough of tho wind in his cam, his thoughts flew back to tho hour when he aud the child lie called sister stood sido by Bide on thesamc spot. A look half melancholy, hull tender came into his face, and unconsciously his lips uttered tho words of that strange dialogue . tiiat had passed between them. Wljat is a scamp, Rick?" he whispered, and then answered tho question himself. "Ono who drinks. Ono who loafs. One who gambles." Then hidiug his face in his hands in a burst of uncontrollable feeling, bo exclaimed, " Oh, Hick ! Rick ! you havo saved mo from tliat. r ou havo beeu the ono bright guiding star of my life. My darling ! my darling ! must I loso you now after all these years." But liis emotion lasted only for the moment. He recovered himself with an effort, and bending a last look on the sliapclcs3 mound at his feet, turned sadly away. In. the newer part of tho town thero was nothing to bring back painful memories. After once visiting those places which were so familiar to him, lie confined himeclf with an almost restless eagerness to that part which aroused no sorrowful regrets. Ho did not fail to prosecute his inquiries diligently regarding tho object that had brought him to Karradindy, but be was not successful in gaining the slightest eluo. Those of the towns>eoplo who bad been settled thero when tho saddler lind constituted himself ono of the props and pillars ot Karra dindy advancement, had either quito forgotten the circumstance, or if they had hazy remem brance of tho drunken old man, were not able to throw any light on tho relations that had existed between him and tho child ho had brought with him. The blacksmith — worthy Towser Bill — in whom Philip partly confided, was his great ally ; but even he, question his memory and interview old acquaintances as ho would, was not able to throw any light on the matter. Mr. Ellicourt wbb away at the station. King was with his mother in Sydney, a host of now faces had como to the place, and as the fifth day of his stay drew to a close without his having advanced a jot in his endeavors, Philip's eyes began to turn with a look of longing to tho little station whoso thin steel lino3 wore the connect ing link between him and homo, nnd Hick. He had made up liis mind to catch the mid day train for Melbourne on the morrow, when a mcssago from Towser Bill caused liim to bond his steps once again in tho dirootion of the smithy. The blacksmith, when Philip arrived, was in conversation with an elderly rough looking man, dressed in tho conventional bush costume of moleskin trousers and Crimea shirt. "This ore's Jem Davis, Mr. Masters, "said Tow ser Bill, performing the ceremony of introduction offhand. " He's boon livin' in tho town theso last ten years in ono of them thero cottages. I'vo been speakin' to him about what you were asking mo. Ho don't remember nothiu' about that ; but ho was saying somothing about two men that camped in tho hut some time back, and as asked him a lot of questions about tho old man and tho gal So I thought it might be of some uso to you." "ThankB, Dowse," said Philip. "I will be glad of any information. Two men, you said, Mr. Davis." Mr. Jem Davis, who was engaged pufiing vigorously at a discolored clay pi|>c, took it out of his mouth and expectorated profusely before replying. " Ayo. It must bo nigh on four or five months hack," ho said. "1 live in one of them," pointing to tho weatherboard cottages that stood at tho cxtromo end of tho old part of tho town, "and X sees two men — sun downers — mnkin' for tho old hut there. It's a reg'lar thing for them loafers to camp in the hut, so I took no notico of them. Bnt when I was drivin' in tho cows in tho evening I heerd them brcakiu' up wood for firin', and I saw a firo thore dooring tho niglit. It warn't nothing to mo, and I takes no notice of them ; but next morning they comes up to tho cottage and asks a heap of questions. Leastways ono on 'om docs." " That's what ho told mo afore," observed Towser Bill to Philip, in what was meant for a sido whisper. "What did they ask you about?" Baid Philip. Mr. Davis, before replying, puffed medita tively at bis pipe for a moment, presumably as a stimulus to the momory. "About tho old man and tho gal. They asked mo a heap of questions — leastways one on 'om did Wanted to know when they lived in tho hut, whero tlioy'd gono to, if I knowed 'em, and a whole heap of things. He ses, did I know anytkiu' about om ? Did I know whoro they'd gono? And when I told him as the old man had killed issclf, ho looked reg'lar beat. Then iio asked about tho gal. How old sho was? What kind of a lookin' gal ? Who sho'd gono with ? nnd whether I could toll him anybody as knowed her ? I didn't wnnt to bo blathered with a lot of questions, so I tells liim pretty short as it wasn't anythin to do with mo and I didn't know nothin' about it. Then ho wont away — him and his mato — and cleared ont, for I ain't seen nottbin' of 'em since." This explicit summary on tho part of Mr. Davis was not brought out without many digressions into other topics, and not without soveral intervals of recuperation through, the medium of the clay pipe. Towser Bill, who had kept up all tho timo a running accompaniment of approving cxalamations, evidently by way of encouragement, broke in at this junoture. " You was telling mo what kind of a man ho was, Jem," ho observed. " Oh, ayo ; ho jabbered like a furriner." "A foreigner !' exclaimed Philip quickly. " Did ha talk like a Frcnohman ?" " Ayo ; I reckon lie did," answered Mr. Davis sontentiously, "or may boliko aPortigoo or a Roosian. I ain't much acquainted with them f limners' ways, but I reckon he was ono of cm nnd so was his mate. Thoy were jabbering away to one another all the tirao." "Bnt liis appearance," cried Philip, sharply. Was ho tall?'' "Ayo ; I reckon ho was tallish." " And thin — thinner than you or I ?" " Thin ns a scarecrow," was Mr. Davis's un equivocal answer. "Without any whiskora on his face; pale looking with black hair? Clean shaven all over ? ' " Why, I reckon yon know him then," he answered with surprise. "That's him to a T." 1 "Wait a moment," cried Philip, with traces of oxcitemenfc visiblo in his manner. "Did you hear his nainoat all?" Mr. Davis pondered deeply before replying, and looked into his extinguished pipo for inspir ation. " I heard t'other ono callin' him by some name, but I'vo forgot what it was." he ox- claimed doubtfully. " Was it — Eanq ?" it " Thafcts ifc» "1 me, if it ain't. Ranq— that's That was aH Philip could glean from the blacksmith s friend. The man knew nothing beyond the fact of tho two men having been in the town and having made repeated and anxious inquiry regarding tho saddler and tho child. It was a clue— slight as it was. It pointed to Mr. Jacques Eanq ns being unmistakably connected with.the mystery. However, that one item of intelligence was all he could learn in relation to the affair ; nobody else seemed to remember the existence of the saddler, or the more recent sojourn of Mr. Ranq and his companion— whom Philip rightly imagined to be the man who had killed himself at Vinicombc's restaurant. Nothing more cropping up, Philip tho next day took a cordial leave of the worthy Towser Bill and his friend Mr. Davis, and turned his face Melbourncwards. 