THE GENERAL ELECTIONS THE RESURRECTION OF THE KIAMA GHOST. THE GRAND OLD MUDDLER AT WORK. ALDERMAN KIPPAX THROWS IN HIS SUPPORT WITH THE PROTECTIONISTS. ENGLAND SWAMPED BY GERMAN GOODS. A LAMENT; Thoy have done n lot of shady things in thoir too Bhady life, But they haven't told tho oountry up -to now; Thoy indulged in all the privilege which comes from " patriots' " life, But they haven't told tho oountry up to ' now. People thought thom honest fellows till they gave themselves away, When they pawned their word of honor in their little tin-pot day; When they hardly, hardly, ever thought of " going home to tea," With an angry orowd of people, and a B trayod oolonee. free-traders. electors of mudgee, Remember Joiin Haynes at the ballot-box and do not forget his letter written on June 10, 1880, to tho late Hon. Patrick Higgins, M.L.C., which is now in the possession of the Minister for Justice, in which John Haynes said, "Our aims are honest, and, I believe, noble. We are making a valiant fight for ' our own cause/ and in such a way as to command commercial success. What other paper of a secular character in the colonies is conducted by an Irish Roman Catholic? We have stag gered every other journalist in Sydney In the moment of our greatest success I'm sure you'll not desert us. I would not deprive you of ycur money by any criminal means, nor would I perpetrate another kind of robbery by asking you to support a falling bouse. " Yours faithfully, "(Sgd.) John. Haynes." We will beat the Foreign-traders; send 'them under in the fight ; " Australia for Australians " is our watch-" word day and night, . . Tho Free-trade gloom is vanished, and wo see Protection's light Beaming brightly o'er tho national horizon' "tts the gleaming star of day Chasing Free-trade's night away, A now dawning for all patriots — not aliens. Wo can hid Free-trade good-bye, It has fallen down to die, And our glad song is, "Australia for AnBtralians." \- — —————— - i, Free- Tradbrs. electors of mudgee. Do not forget that Sir - Henry Parkes, the leader of the Free-trade party, told Mr. John Hatnes, when he was your member in the lost Parliament, that he (Sir Henry) "Neither wanted his friendship nor his support." Ask your selves why should Sir Henry thus speak of Mr. John Hay nes ? What reason had he for saying so to your Free-trade member ? Alderman Kippax, who has for very many years been an alderman of the city of Sydney— in fact, he was elected bo far back that the " oldest inhabitant" almost forgets the date— is giving his moBt enthu siastio support to the Protectionist bunch for South Sydney. Mr. Kippax has the welfare of this young country at heart, and will not be led away from his path of duty by the cacklings of ignorant persons. Victoria has no resources ; therefore, she has an excuse for adopting Protection. N.S. Wales has unbounded resources; therefore she should not develop them by Protection.— New brand of logic by Mr Sydney Burdehin . Mr. G. H. Reid asserts that the eight- hour system does not prevail m Victoria as extensively as it does here. To make such an assertion is to proolaim his own ignorance. Working mon are not likely to to fooled by such clap-trap nonsense. They know too well the strength of the working clasBeB in the sister colony, and they know well also that such politicians of the Reid -M'Millan- Wise type have no sympathy in common with labor. For Mr. Reid's information, however, it may be n3 well to point out that at the last eight- hour demonstration here only 22 trade societies, took part, and several of those are since defunot. At a similar demonstra tion held in Melbourne last year 47 societies took part. ' We understand that it has been decided by the Foreign-trade party that as, as far as its interests are concerned, the situation is assuming a most serious character, a determined effort shall be made to employ any possible means to prevent defeat. The terrible nature of the charges in connection with the Hornsbt business, the tramway leasing scandal, and tho Circular Quay purchase have produced the utmost consternation in its ranks, and it has, we believe, been re solved that the only way to save the party from a crushing defeat is to raise the ory of religious bigotry. A numbor of mem bers were anxious to know whether this was not too thin, whether the gag had not been played out, and whether it was likely to impose upon any but a few persons in the sanjo mental condition as themselves. Against this, it was pointed out that Sir Henry Parkes had already . raised the cry, that two Foreign-trade newspapers were following suit, and that if the shriek were carried on by Mr Garrett and other total abstainers, it might seem plausible enough. Ab one of tho Foreign- traders remarked, " It's playing pretty low, but one's pockot must bo considered. Besides, when one has been dragged through all tho mud on the Hornsby Estate, a lie or two dou't matter. I believe if Parkes aslrod us to vote IIdidb a pension we would Biipporb him ' We Are glad,to Bee,.h»wcvo-', Hut Aid-i j / man Kippax- and other liberal-minded Protestants sink their sectarian bias in Spite of tho "warning" given, and vote as men for the! cjrase they know that, to use the words of Wentworth, "will precipitate this colony into a mighty nation." Witha view, perhaps, to celebrating what they foolishly looked upon as a win at the various metropolitan nominations, a party of about 50 Foreign- traders, and other loot- grabbers, went around to a well-known lestaurant last evening and held high festival. When they had eaten and drank until human nature could- stand no more, heme one> chock full of ambition and— well whatever was around— wriggled up off his seat and sang, in a fine old orusted howl, the following, whioh wo have ventured to christen " The Foreign-trader's Lament." The lines, evidently addressed to tho Grand Old Muddler, run thus : — Oh, love, dear lovo, we're truo ; Theso hearts for thee still beat. When the campaign's o'er wo'll meet no more . . At the Honse in Macquarie-stroet. . Then, as the last notes of this ominously dismal wail flew through the open windows and mingled with the drone of a street organ, the company rose up and fell home, whilst a general impression prevailed that there's many a true word spoken in song, as well as in jest. Sir Henry Parkes wants to know why it is that the Premier, in his speech at Waprga, warned the people against being led away by sectarian influences. It was .because Mr. Dibbs knew that unscrupu lous politicians of the Parkes type would attempt to import religious bigotry into the contest. . And he - turns out to have been right. The City Railway Extension League has sent circulars to the various candidates for Parliamentary , honors, requesting a reply- to the following question Are you in favor of the extension of the main line "of railway through the city to Circular Quay ?" It is intended to publish the replies before the polling day in the different electorates. Parkes is resuming, the Kiama Ghost show at St. Leonards. It is a strange thing to hear an ex-Premier of the colony attempting to stir up religionsdifferences in a joung community like this, and hacking up his remarks by indulging in obscene witticisms. A portion of Sir Henry Parkes speech at the hustings, yesterday, was unfit for publication. . England is being so swamped with cheap' continental goods that in the new Mer chandise Marks. Act- it is provided that articles manufactured abroad must bear the- stamp of tho foreign. manufacturer. 'Of course this is not Protection, because England is a Free-trade country and, scouts all knowledge of the creature. But if theFree-trader tries to persuade himself (hat it is not Protection it is still a very substantial step in that direction all the same. Thin is how " Dagonet," 'n the London Referee, deals with the question. His remarks are interesting, as .howing the extent to which Free-trade in the old country permits the foreigner to crush out the English made. goods, and as showing, also, how Protection in Germany has given her the means of not only manufacturing sufficient for herself, but of enabling her to undersell Free- trade in its own stronghold. Now for ' Dagonet — The other day I ordered some new globes for my chandeliers and staircase brackets. My astonishment upon coming home one night and finding « Manufac tured in Germany" brilliantly illuminated all over my bouBe may be better imagined than described. the new legend. Whon my liver's out of order, and my nerves arc all awry, And I want to sit in cornors and to tear my hair and ory, When a demon stands behind mo with a razor or a knife, And suggests tho use of either as a short .cut out of life, When tho gloom outside my window is tho gloom inside my heart, And the ghostly sounds about make mo shako and make mo start, Then I walk about my dwelling, but my sorrows do not fieo Wbon I find my goods and ohattela all were made in Gormany. Tho globes upon my gas-lampB boar that ex quisite device, It is worked upon (my. carpets , and the trap that catches mioo ; It is stamped upon my dusters, and" im printed on my hat, And I half expect to find it on tho collar of my cat. " Made in Gormany " 's tho motto on my knocker and my boll, And the Ecrapor and tho doormat have it writton largo as well ; From tho basement to the attb all round those words I sco, And e'enmy patent ehimney-pots were " mado in Gormany." Then I wander forth for shelter from this legond, but in vain, For it polks in fiatnintr lettors through my agitated brain ; It is stamped on all tho lamp-posts and tho iiagBtonas at my feet, And I eoo it on the hclmotB of tho bobhios on the street, " Give mo roapite from this legend ! " in my my agoDy I ory, And my gentlo Albert Edward says to oom- fort me he'll try ; "But while weeping on his bosom there is no roliof for mo, For. like everything about mo, he was " mado in Germany." Messrs. Wise and M'Millan are sym pathisers with the working man and strugg. ling tradesman. There is no reason to doubt this, for don't they say they are, and don't tbey insist that thoy are ? They have shown it by endeavoring to block up every avenue of employment open to the people, by fathering through the Assembly a Bankruptcy Act, which plays into the hands of the wealthy lawyer and tho opulent importer, and by evon descending to the miserable trick of endeavoring to keep tho State employees and the pnbhc contractors out of moneys which havo become honestly due to them. But let us talk about the Bankruptcy Act. One of the provisions of this oppressive measure iB to prevent a tradesman, whomay happen to be'a creditor of a large importer, from selling goods except in tho ordinary , .'t'Ui'sc ct busiiicss, The su'.-cwujncis ct this kind of thing is likely, on a prima faoie1 view,- to make you exclaim,' "And quite right too !" But seo how bard it hits iu practice: A. shopkeeper - bought, a quantity of from one of- these houses in whose interests Mr. M'Millan wants the tariff framed, .and obtained credit in the usual way. He sold -a num ber of tho articles across his counter, but, holding an auction sale subsequently of a p ortion of his surplus Btock, some of tho goods which ho had obtained from this Foreign-trader were included in the lot and sold. Under tbe 'provisions of the Wise-M'Millan Bankruptcy Act the credi- tor pounced upon the unfortunate man, and pursued liim until he had him eventu ally committed'for tiial. This. is a speci men of what tho noble importer will do' when once he gets hiB octopus, clutches upon you. Then who wouldn't vote for the Foreign-trader ! Electors of South 'Sydney should not he rniated by Wise's pathetic and pitiful appeal , for the working men's vote. He, assisted by tho MaoMillion, did more to restrict honest labor by the pass ing of the Bankruptcy Act, and to . place tho small shopman entirely at - the mercy of tho importer of the . MacMillan ilk than any act of tho most autocratic statesman. Already one poor shopman has been committed for trial at tbe sessions of Darlinghurst under tho Bankruptcy Aot, for disposing by auction of some goods probably forced upon him by a merchant. This, it was alleged, was a breach of the Act, which provides that the goods obtained on credit must be disposed of in ths ordinary course of business ; and the merchants contend that sale by auction is not the ordinary courso of business. This is only one of the many traps laid for the unfortunate shopmen by Wise and his crew. Workmen, beware of such creatures, and blot out their names from tho ballot paper. They are using you for their pwn ends, and then will despise you. Working mon, they have no sympathy with you, and never can have. Vote for men like Abbott, Traill, Toohey, and Edmunds,, who by their labor have raised themselves to thoir present positions. At the meeting of the Free-trade candi dates for East Sydney last night, in Wil liam-street, the vote of confidence in the candidates was lost, there being fnlly two to one against tbe motion. The Minister for Mines (Mr, Chanter) will go to Lithgow on Tuesday, to speak there the same evening on behalf of the -candidature of Mr. Caulfield. Every elector who votes for a Foreign- trade candidate endorses every shady act of the late Ministry. The man who votes for the ' Foreign-trader " endorses the Circular Quay transaction, the Po3t-oifice street shuffling, the Mountain Maid, tramway leasing, Hornsby-Holt-Suther- land, Parramatta allotments, Bailey lecturing, Fehon appointment, and other glaring cases which have dragged the name of New South Wales in tho dust. Remember that it was the present Ministerial party, who dragged these things into the light. Had the Oppo sition to the Parkes misgovernment been less watchful nothing would have baen known of all these things. The question is Purity, Progress, and. Patriotism. against Perfidy, Poverty, and National Perdition. The final arrangements have been made by the Government for the payment of Civil servants of all classes,, including, of course, tramway and> railway employees, laboreis, and railway and. public works contractors. In fact, to put it shortly, every public creditor who has a claim on tho Government for payment to-day of money due will receive in the usual way the amount which may be owing to him. And this will be done, despite the fact that the Ministers run the risk of being met with a motion of want of confidence by Sir Henry ParkeB or Mr. M'Millan or Mr. Wise as soon as the House meets. If Mr, J. P. Abbott is elected for East Sydney he will, it is hoped, consent to allow himself to be nominated for tho Sheakership, and thus meet tho wishes of all prospective members of all shades of political opinion. If, however, Mr. Abbott Bits for Wentworth, which is a Bingle- seated constitnency, it is thought that on no account will he allow himself to be nominated for tho Chair, as by so doing ho would virtually be disfranchising tho con stituency. ' Grafton, This Day. The election is the absorbing topic. Tho friends and supporters of Mr. J. See aro making an active canvass and addressing the meetings. Air. Becher is also speaking at the different centres. The latter osten sibly opposes Air. See to save tho district from being disfranchised during Mr. Sae's absence in Europe, and offers to resign on Mr. See's return, if requested by tho majority of electors. He poses as a Pro tectionist, but is supported by parsons in league with tho Free-trade Association. It is thought that Becher will poll heavily, but Mr. See's re-election is most probable. Becher will give up the church if elected, and live in Sydney. Ho is a fluent speaker, and of considerable experience as a press writer. After Becher's meeting last night his supporters adjourned to Mr. See's meeting and interrupted proceedings, and some of the most disgraceful scenes which have ever occurred in Grafton took place. They refuse to allow the speakers to proceed. Personal recrimination runs high. 