t JH^a ffito& s$H3R AHGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, November 16. 1889. Ine reason why Lord Porchester'a name does not appear to any Australian passen ger lists fa that he goes aa far as the Cape In one of Donald Carrie's liners, Ha sailed from Dartmouth last Friday. Lord Carnarvon's heir will spend some time In Sooth Africa, -and then proceeds to Aus tralia via Hubarb by one of the New Zealand boats. The expedition is purely a neaitn war. ana not ooaertaKen, as sug gested by some hyper-acnte provincial journals, with a view to purchasing pro* perty In the colonies. Lord Porcheaber has been In an unsatisfactory condition for some time, and was ordered a long sea voyage by Dr. Robson Roose He expecia to be away a year altogether. The Liverpool papers announce the death of Bin. Wm. Sandey, mother of the baritone at ptesent touring ia yoar part of the world. The old lady waa 80 years of age. Edward Snmmar Rose, a gentleman of about 45 yean of age, commibted suicide at 49, Devonshire-road, Greenwich, last Friday, by swallowing a large quantity of gam opium, which he appeared to be la the habit of taking medicinally. Rosa left behind a memo, stating that he could not bear to return and face his friends la Australia, and, therefore, had resolved to kill himself. Deceased's landlady aaid he received] balky packages of letters and papers from Australia whilst staying In her house. No one identified Rose. Mr. Simpson Newland and family leave town to-day for Paris en route to joia dae. MesBBgeries steamer Bailing from Mar seilles on the 1st proximo. Mr. W. G Gathbertson was up in town this week from his Norfolk esbaoe, and called in on Sir A. Blyth, looking de lightfully robust and countrygentileauali fied. Mr. R. Hawker is booked for Adelaide by the Ballarat, which leaves on the 28th instant. The Messrs. Armstrong are basy com pleting the three Anglo- Colonial cruisers — Pandora, Peloros, and Persian. Tae Pelorus will be launched on the 25th inst., Lady Samuel performing the operation of christening, and Lady Berry and Lady Blyth will presently be invited to faltil similar offices for the Pandora and tha Pereian. The Agents- General have to day written to the Postmaster General accepting the compromise of Wednesday as the day of the mail departure from Adelaide. It is not, however, perfectly certain yet that even this much will be granted. For the last two years paragraphs have constantly been appearing in the theatri cal papers to the effect that Miss Myra Kemble, the 'popular Australian acbress,' would Bhortly make her appearance in London. Somehow or other the lady her self has never turned up. This morning the Telegraph goeo a little farther than usual, announcing not only Miss. Komble's debut, but also the name of the play ia which she will perform. This is a new drama, by Robert Buchanan, bearing on the marriage question, and entitled, ' Taa Han and the Woman.' The departmental committee on tha ftubject of allowing trust investments In colonial fuDds met at the Treasury last Thursday evening, when Sir Jno. Bram ston presided, and Sir Chas. Tapper. Sir Graham Berry, and Sir Francis Ball re presented colonial Interests. The chief objection raked on a previous occasion was that In case of a colony defaulting the investor would not be able to eae in one British courts. Sir Graham Barry and Sir Charles Tapper pooh-poohed chU, pointing oat that if such an unlikely thiug were to occur there would not be much, use suelog in any courts. The committed seemed inclined to pass the difficulty as trivial, and probably would have doae so but for Sir Francis Bell, who, more English nowaday b than the most aggres sive Briton, argued against Sir Gratiatn Berry and Sir Charles Tapper. Ultimately the committee decided to recommend the Imperial Parliament to pass a brief measure similar to the Inscribing Act, which would enable Investors to eae ia the British courts, and also fixing the standard below which stocks must fall. Tha colonial legislatures could then pass local measores, placing themselves under its provisions. Sir Graham Berry suggested that tha standard below which colonial stocks must not fall to be available for trust In vestments, ehould be based on consols making say 3h per cent, colonial stock equal to 2| per cent, consols. Tha advantage ot this would be that if the colonial stock fell through any Imperial crisis consols would fall too, and the colonial stock would efcill be available for trust funds, but if local follies lowered the price of the stock consols would remain unaffected and the colonial stock conse quently fall below the standard. Several of the papers comment on taa representatives of the colonies not being included amongst tbe Lord Mayor's gnests at the annual Guildhall banquet. At- the foreign ambassadors Invariably receive Invitations, one would think the AgentB General should too. The assembly at the Colonial Institute met ting on Monday to hear Sir Frederick Young recount hia experiences of Johannesburg and the South African gold fields did naturally not Include aa many Australians as usual. Nevertheless amongst the Adelaide folk present I noticed Messrs. Simpson Newland, JoBepa Fisher, Jaa. Fowler, F. H Dangar, and Dr. Pentland. Lord Lome presided, and there was a very large general attendance. At the opening meeting of the session of Civil Engineers last Monday Sir Jno. Coode delivered an Interesting address on the British colonies as a field for the em ployment of the civil engineer, dilating particularly on the various harbor works In Australasia with which he had been con nected. The Colonies and India says :— In con nection with the birthday banquet to the New Sonth Wales Agent- General on No vember 5, an interesting circumstance Is worthy of being recalled. When Lord Sherbrooke'e kindly letter of apology for his inability to be present waB read by the chairman amongst thoBe who moat heartily cheered his name was Sir Charles Nicholson, who as Dr. Nicholson as far back as 1844, was Speaker of the infant Parliament of New South Wales when Robert Lowe, then newly nominated to a seat by Sir George Glppa, made that memorable apeech in which, anticipating Lord Hosebery and the Imperial Federa tion League, he exclaimed — *' I hold and believe that tbe time 1b not remote when Great Britain will give up the Idea of treating the dependencies of the Grown aa children, to be cast adrift by their parent as soon as they arrive at manhood, and substitute for it the far wiser and nobler policy of knlttiog herself and her colonies Into one mighty confederacy, girdling the earth hi its whole circumference, and con fident against the world in arts and arms.' Now that notices in the Gazette and elsewhere have made the nameB of the noblemen and gentlemen connected with the abominable and indescribable Cleve land-street ecandal practically public property there can be no harm In stating that your old acquaintance Lord Boston 1b alleged to be one of those most aerloasly involved. Lord Henry Arthur Somerset escaped from the country. Hia brother officers iu the ' Blues' telegraphed when they heard the shocking story, offering to stand by their comrade if he would bat assure them of his Innocence. They re ceived no reply, and since then hia retire- . ment from the army has been notified and ^ bis name withdrawn from the list ]of the Prince of WaWe equerries. .The pQUoe.iti - ' seems, sfc once suspected ti» house iu Cleveland-street of being a gambling 'hell,' and placed a detective opposite to Identify and when possible photograph all habitues. The dJswverias which resulted were of a nameleas description, and led to a carefully-planned raid, the instructions of the Home Secretary being to arrest all concerned. This -was done, bat on examining the parties trapped the police Inspector, well nigh paralysed with horror, recognised to his dismay a most exalted personage. It is not suggested, save by malevolent nobodies, that this young man visited the house for any Improper purpose. His bear-leader, Mr. H., was, however, undoubtedly an habitue, and the idea Is that, half suspecting espionage, he took his charge with him as a safeguard. And a safe guard, of course, the personage proved, for the whole affair had to be hushed ap. The keeper of the house and his assis tants were, however, arrested, and charged before a magistrate with closed doors. At the Central Criminal Court, three weeks later, the pair were brought up after court, and pleading guilty, sen tenced to comparatively brief terms of penal servitude. The whole business scarcely occupied five minutes, and passed nnnoticed save by the North London Frets and one or two other Radical papers. Fortunately, or unfortunately, a scandal of Buch magnitude cannot be altogether burked, and though the gentlemen (?) concerned escaped im« prisonment they are terribly punished. Lord H. A. Somerset is a major In the Horeeguarde Blue, and the most popular of the present Duke of Beaufort's sons. The poor old duke Is bowed down with shame, and scarcely dares to enjoy his favo rite hunting. The culprits, 1 may men tion, made for Peru, where they will have io lie perdu for a long time to come. The ?* personage's' parent on being made acquainted with the Btory is said to have broken down completely, and it may safely be inferred that the scandal had more to do with tills illustrious being's recent ill ness than anything else. These facts, which have been in my possession some tune now, reached me through parlies concerned in getting up the case, and are quite reliable. [Oar London cablegrams-have informed us that Lord Eastern has taken action against Mr. Parke, the proprietor of the HTcrth and East London Qazette, for charg ing him with being connected with the club scandal. The Grand Jury of Middle sex have returned a true bill against the defendant. — Ed. ] The World's art critic eays the best o£ the colonial pictures on view at the Bur lington Gallery Is your Mr. A. Stratb's ??Return of the Flock,' which 'la fall of knowledge of drawing and feeling for Bober color.' A correspondent of the St. James's Gazette signing himBelf ' PanBritannl cus' writes : — It appears that a hitch has already occurred in connection with the project to federate the Australian colonies after the Canadian model. The Government of New South WaleB holds that the Federal Council of Aus tralasia is net fitted to 'constitute, direct, and control' such an organisation as a united Australian army. The Government of Yictoiia, on the other hand, maintains that that body ' contains the nucleus of all that is required ;' and in this It is sup ported by the other Governments repre sauted in the Federal Council. There is, no doubt, & good deal to be said for both views of the case. The framers of what may be termed the 'Federal Council constitution' had distinctly In view the probability of Its being developed and expanded in order to meet the federal requirements of the colonies as they arose ; and in the present Instance the Hon. Sir. Gillies, Premier of Victoria, frankly acknowledges that the existing arrangement Is but a nucleus. But there Is no real executive power behind the Federal Council ; and herein lies the force of Sir Henry Farkes's contention that It Is unfitted to create, mobilise, and control an army for the defence of the whole of Australia. My purpose in troubling you Is to suggest that these two views of the case are not altogether irreconcileable, and need not stand in the way, at [least, of an Australian convention to discuss the question of a larger federal constitu tion. Victoria is naturally jealous of the tentative scheme of federation which it was largely Instrumental In bringing Into operation, and New South Wales, no doubt, still objects to the scheme of piece meal federation from which it has stood aloof : but both seem agreed that the time Is ripe for a more definite arrangement. The two leading colonieB might very well, therefore, consent to approach the subject in a frame of mind which would allow them either to enlarge upon the ' nucleus' or to set it aside altogether In favor of some more comprehensive scheme of fede ration. Speaking at tbe meeting of trie Union Mortgage and Agency Company of Aus tralia the other day Mr. Jenray dealt with some facts which ought not (the Financial 2?ews remarks) to be forgotten. People who are interested in Aus tralian investments are too apt to be alarmed at the fluctuations of fortune. Australia has exhibited on several occa sions a marvellous power of recovery. This has been illustrated by the improve, ment which followed upon the effects of a season of drought. Large tracts after the rains were abundantly covered with grass, whereas shortly before there was nothing to be seen but the brown earth. Jnst as mother earth recovers the Australians also recover their spirits and confidence after a temporary lapse into dullness. Mr. Jeffray was justified in saying that the prosperity of the country is now very de cided. He was also correct in stating that the present financial position and out look are largely due to the immense sums of money flowing from the Queensland gold mines and from the new silver mlues at Broken Hill. Australian booms do very little mischief In the long run. This has been conspicuously the case In regard to the land boom at Melbourne, ft was carried to ridiculous excess ; bat, in the result, very few people are a penny the worse for the temporary mania. Moreover, the history of Melbourne shows that these audden rises In the value of land occur periodically at Intervals of about ten years. They come and they go, leaving the general constitution unimpaired, and, perhaps, reinvigorated, as sometimes happens when there has been a passing ailment in the case of an individual. The eccentric Mr. Graham's motion for a new trial in the Oampbell-Praed libel case, having been dismissed with costs by Lord Justices Field and Manlsty, the foolish fellow yesterday tried the Court of Appeal, where It, of course, met with a Bimtlar fate. The Master of the Rolls Indeed was distinctly satirical at Graham's expense, and he must now wish he had taken friendly advice, and paid up the £500 the jury mulcted him for his libel lous fol-y promptly. The costs alone' have, it seems, swelled to three tunes that Bum. Mitchell, the prize-fighter, was prose cuted on Wednesday for knocking down and depriving of two teeth a sportsman named Hart, on the night of the Slavin and Goode boxing match. The affair took place In a Haymarket cafe', where 'Pony' Moore (the famous 'boneB') was 'standing' the party a little refreshment In the shape of 18 bottles of ' fizz' and 36 cigars. Mitchell grew annoyed at some not over polite reflections of Mr. Hart's on Moore, who Is his father-in-law, and being ' not too drunk, but just drunk enough,' finally let out at Hart's proboscis. Hart was then carted off to the hospital in a gory condi tion. I fancy though nothing was said In court there were a good many fights that eveniDg The magistrate did not, how ever, prove curious, and, dismissing the fracas as ' a drunken row,' let Mibchell off with £6 and coBts. At this the face of Bart — who had refused £25 to compound matters, and confidently reckoned on ' qoadding' bis assailant for at least two mouther— was a picture. ,.:??-' v.-'. ?--..?? -j ? -? ?'? ?.-? ? '-- Professor Peppev i-vher fa t-ver Aew from AustraHa on* vlsltj leotured «tt? Friday evening -last -tnthe old farnlHar bfH at the Polytechnic. wMcli once' knew him bo well. The subject was the famous ghost indelibly associated with the pro feBBor's name, -and Itjdrew together a large and Interested audience. Pepper's ghost, in fact, waB quite in its old form, and as inscrutable a phenomenon as heretofore. In the course of a ^conversation with a PaUMall Gazette reporter the venerable professor recalled some entertaining remi niscences. 'It is exactly 10 years,' Bald the erstwhile prince of the Polytechnic, 'since I left London, where my ghost performance sprang Into popularity about a quarter of a century ago. I and my family have been living In Brisbane, Australia, for the last 10 years, and my wife's health was the chief reason of our return. We had a large and comfortable 'place ' out there. Neighbors would often send In, asking me to let them have half a dozen treeB, which I gave with as little thought as If they had been cauliflowers in England. I was appointed analyst to the city, and used to have fine fun when people tried to bribe me — all In vain, of course — not realising that all samples reached me simply with a number attached, affording no clue to Identification. Io lectured a little, including some lectures of a more serious scientific character than I usually give. And, by-the-way,1* he continued, ' that reminds me of one of tbe leading principles of my old enter tainments at the Polytechnic — I always tried to Bteer the ship so as to give plenty of entertainment, while r-ever forgetting the freight of science that we had to throw overboard. Had it not been for weak management the old Polytechnic would still be la existence and flourishing. But £30,000 was lost there in 15 years, and that Is not a small sum ; considering it I have all the more admira tion for Mr. Qulntln Hogg's lavish outlay ; It Is not every day In the week that one comes across such a man. I spent five years in America, where such lectures as mine proved a decidedly attractive novelty ; but their powers of drawing everywhere have always been great — indeed, my ghost illusion has realised many thousands of pounds from first to last.' And then the worthy professor, mentioning the ex penses attendant on his scientific training In the state of such matters in his young days, spoke about his small but faith ful band of actors and actresses, especially of one young lady who used to play the leading parts In the Pepperlan dramas. She went on and on, now as queen, now as mermaid, then aB peasant, and what not until something like 12 years had passed, when she grew so stout that audiences laughed at her ultra-unromantic appearance, and her marriage and retirement occurred. 'She was a worthy soul,' said Mr. Pepper, with a genial smile. The professor will shortly give other lectures In other placeB, and a fortnight's entertainment, with the resuscitated 'ghost,' at the Polytechnic at Christmas. Fortunately he has no need to lecture, but is a firm believer In not getting 'rusty.' With some cordial praise of the present Polytechnic labora tory Mr. Pepper, with thanks for good wishes, then hurried to look after his preparations for to-night ; ' for,' said he, ' after a long rest such as I have had I have to pull myself together to make the thing go smoothly.' The Australian Trading World In the course of a notice of the antipodean works of art on view at the Burlington Gallery observes : — Perhaps we cannot better record the general impression pro duced by the colonial works than by re peating a remark made by Mr. Alma Tadema on viewing the pictures. We understand that Mr. Tadema said there was a freshness about these colonial works that was extremely pleasing ; that whether one visited the English exhibition of works of art, or the continental galleries in Paris or Vienna, one saw the same style of work over and over again, and the great artist added that future painters would be likely to seek their Impressions In colonial scenery and surroundings. Amongst judges of really artistic work, these paintings by colonial artists have produced a geat impression, the works being really true sketches from nature. Mr. Gouldsmlth has some very fine draw ings of New Zealand scenery, chiefly about Mount Wakatipu and the West Coast fine bold scenery, and the style of his work has been much admired. The pictures by Mr. James Macbeth are very truthful, and characteristic of Australian Ecenery, and we understand that this artist has been honored with a commission from Lord Rosebery to paint an Australian picture. There Is one water color by Mr. A. S. Ward, termed an Australian land scape, butt which we believe to be of Ferntree Gully ; this picture Is very beautifully painted, and la a true sketch of one of the finest bits of Australian nature, it is full of the cheer fulness of climate, whilst the only Item of life Is a solitary kingfisher perched upon a stone in the water, altogether the picture is one to 'live with.' We must not omit to mention a very beautiful drawing by Mr. A. Strutt, of South Australia, entitled the ' Return of the Flock' ; the sheep are life- like, and the work is not much, If at all, behind that of our best , animal painters. These works of art are a credit to the colonies as well as to the artists The Financial Times in a recent Issue writes :— On the 9ch iust. we notified the allotment of the shares In the Austral asian Alkaline Reduction and Smelting Company, all of which had been privately subscribed. The directors have not let the grass grow under their feet, for ac cording to our information the syndicate's first ' baby' wUl see the light before the end of this month. Already negotiations are far advanced. It will be called the South Australian Alkaline Reduction and Smelting Company, and the price to be paid to the vendor syndicate is said to be £15,000 In cash and £30,000 in shares, snfficient to pay the parent company a dividend of 50 per cent. In cash and 100 per cent In shareB. No free market exists yet, but the shareB changed hands yester day at over 3 premium Tbe Ujsan, of Budapest, has received the following atrocious stories from its correspon dent at Alt Becse, who aelnmes fall responsi bility for his statements: — 'In consequence of some cases of sheepstealing in Alt Becse the police recently arreBted a man called Biasing Kovaos, and subjected him to terrible tortures. . Tbe pain wrung from him the name of one Cseke. This man Gseke was arrested and laid on bis back. Two gendarmes held his hands and s tbitd knelt on his cbeet, while a fourth beat him on the soles of the feet with a leather etrap till he fainted^ Cseke, however, would sot confees to the crime, so his tormentors eteeped his feet, dripping with blood, into vinegar, and thrashed him again until he fainted a second time. The next day Oseke'a innocence w»b amply demonstrated. The gen dartneB waited till night, then turned him into tbe street with a stick to support him. He had to be conveyed home in a cart, and will remain, it is said, crippled for life. A woman named Szilak was lately arrested on suspicion of theft. She also was tortured, and the following day her innocence was proved. The doctor who examined her after her release declared there waB not a place aB large as one's band on her body without a wound. Her husband in structed a lawyer to obtain redress for him, but tbe gendarmes learning thiB hurried round to the lawyer's residence and beat him till he promised to withdraw tbe action. Elizabeth Malor, aged sixty- three, was arreBted on the charge of bavins: found a sum of money ani kept tbe matter eecret. She, too, was able to prove ber innocence, bnt not until she had been tortured. As the was about to be discharged, the gendarn.es beard th»t she meant to prose cute them, eo they shut her up and tortured faer again. Then after setting her free for the second time, they ran after ber and gave her a brutal beating.' The correspondent ol the Ujsag says that he can establish evidence of other casts equally horrible, 