PROTECTION. Protection in. a dictionary sense is the cover ing from danger or injury ; a shield or defence ; but in its political and social aspect the \vorcl has a wider meaning. There Protection- signi fies the banding together of the community or of a class of the community for the conservation r\r f.ndiii vinflifc! r\ » iri -Fn trni Af paivia VJ. V11VAI Aiuug UI All J.CUVUI. Ui OUIJJO UL ClllUIl UJ.I industry by legal means,, in.- which they are interested, and. therefore under this head, or to speak more, correctly, under the head "Mutual ; Protection" may be classed every organisation in the nature of a Trades Union, or other com bination whose object is to procure the rights of labor intact against the encroachments of: capital. We question wliether there is aiiy part of the body politic, either in this or any other! country, so hopelessly incapable of protecting 1 its own rights, or so thoroughly indifferent to them, as members of the theatrical profession, and yet there is, on the other hand, no body of: persons so liable to suffer from the whims and; vagaries of their employers as they are. It is; true that from time abortive attempts have! been made to establish something in the form of an Actors' Union, and occasional efforts have got so far as preliminary meetings and the for mation of draft rules and regulations. Thus far, but, so far as we know, no farther. They have fallen through from sheer lack of the necessary function of conglomeration, and there fore from non-adhesion. , Like ., ropes of sand, the instant there was the slightest strain on them, even to supporting their own weight, they tumbled to pieces. Perhaps the nearest approach ever made in these colonies to the successful formation ..of. an association of the kind indicated was made in Sydney some years since, about 1860 we think, when, in conse quence of a dispute between the then theatrical managers of that city and the actors, the whole of the latter met in solemn conclave, and almost without exception signed an agreement not to play, until their grievances were removed. Almost without exception, mark. There was the weak point. There was the missing link without which the chain could not hold. Seeing the hopelessness of the struggle under the cir cumstances!,, the signatories, one by one, fell away, the managers were enabled to pick and choose, and the last state of the actors, especially of those who had been prominent in the move ment, and who had held out longest, was worse than the first. Mutual Protection amongst the members of the theatrical profession therefore, for the causes we have adverted to,, namely, divergence of personal interest, and the total absence of esprit du corps, would seem to be a thing impossible of attainment, although it is rather singular that those actors, or some of them who look upon such a movement most coldly and askarise. while they are: in engage ment should be the loudest mouthed in favor of it when their turn comes to be out. Whether such an association, were it possible that it could he formed, would be of, material and permanent benefit to actors and actresses we cannot tell ;but we 'do think that it would, at least, to a 'certain extent curb the arbitrary rule of sohie .managers, whose sole idea of law or justice exists, in many peases, in ;,tlieirr own personal whims- and fancies, their likes and dislikes. How .different to this is the condition of the 'members of another branch of the profession. There is one fact that cannot be truthfully denied, although it is often disguised, and that is, the natural and uncompromising hatred that managers have for musicians, particularly those who play in the orchestra. The truth of the matter is, that in cities, where the musicians have organised a Protective Union, the manager, star and company alike are at the mercy of the society. No class of men connected with the theatre are as early at the box-office to await the perambulation of " the ghost," and none are so ready to strike if the spectre is not exactly up to time. . We do not for a moment contend that the members of the musical profession are not justified in uniting for common benefit and protection', but merely instance them and the power they wield as showing the advantage they possess by means of their association,' over the disintegrated body of actors, who like the house mentioned in a certain place, being divided against itself, cannot standi 