DEATH OF AN OLD IDENTITY. A few days ago there passed away one whose name is associated with earliest history of Queensland namely, Mr. James Davis, generally known as "Duramboi." His career included some of the strangest experiences that have over fallon, perhaps, to any man in this colony, and are on a par with those of the once famous Crusoe" of Victoria. Davis was born, as he told Mr. Stuart Russell, the author of the "Genesis of Queensland," in 1824, his father being a blacksmith in the old Wynd, Glasgow, and was convicted and transported to Sydney and then sent on to the settlement of Moreton Bay. At this time the treatment of the unfortunate convicts was such that it induced Davis to abscond, preferring the privations and terrors of the bush to the hardships which were imposed by convict discipline. His absconding took place during the rule of Governor Logan, but the exact year is not ascertainable. Davis absconded in company with another convict, and together they reached Wide Bay, then a terra incognita; they soon fell in with a large tribe, by whom they were entertained hospitably. His companion, however, unfortunately pro- faced some of the rites shown to the dead by the tribe, and he was speared on the spot. The offence consisted in using one of the baskets in which the blacks placed the bones of their deceased relatives to carry oysters in, and Davis seems to have owed his life to a most curious chance. The blacks had observed that the few white men they fell in with from time to time invariably came from the sea, on the horizon of which the sun rose, and this, coupled with the effects produced by firearms, gave them the impression that the strangers were not ordinary beings, but the SOuls of deceased blackfellows returned from the sun. When a distinguished warrior died, honour was shown to his memory by eating the body, which was first scorched and then the outer skin was scraped off with shells ; when the process was complete the inner skin remained quite white. A. certain resemblance to a deceased warrior named "Duramboi" led the blacks to believe that Davis was the scraped body of the departed one animated, and Davis was adopted by Durramboi's parents, and called by his name. He was momentarily in danger, when his ignorance of native customs betrayed him, and he was more than suspected of being an evil spirit. Li the native superstitions, the spiritualistic and materialistic beliefs are so curiously combined that there seemed nothing strange to them in killing an evil spirit, and eating him afterwards. Davis passed from tribe to tribe, and was recognised as the ghost of numberless dead blacks ; but he always succeeded in explaining that it was so long since he died that he had forgotten his name and habitation. His frequent journeys enabled him to gain valuable information respecting the then unexplored territory north of Moreton Bay. Davis was found in 1842 by Mr. Andrew Petrie, the father of Mr. John Petrie, whilst on an exploring expedition up to Wide Bay and the Mary River. It had been discovered that Davis was with the blacks at this place, and he was induced to return by a man named Bracefield, who had also absconded and lived with the blacks, and who was found near the same place during the expedition. He was with a tribe numbering several hundreds ; but when he was satisfied that he should not be treated on his return to Brisbane he consented to go. When he arrived in the camp of the whites he was naked, and to all appearances a wild man of the woods, having all the appearance and gestures of a wild black. He had forgotten his mother tongue, and for some time could only use a few incoherent words, garnished with the dialect of his tribe, which he _ spoke very fluently. For many years after his return he was employed as native interpreter to the Crown, so thoroughly was he versed in the language of the blacks. Lately, however, he kept a small crockery shop in George- street, but for some months before his death, which occurred on Tuesday last, he had relinquished business. His age was 65 years. 