THE MERCURY, BOßABT.' MONDAY, MAY 13,1889. m EPITOME OF NEWS. Main Line case, in Supreme Court, will be resumed at 10.30 this morning. J. Tinker headed the list with 84 in the rifle match for the Clarke Cup on Saturday. Nation won the sculling match at Victoria, Huon, on Saturday, from Young, by 180yds. Southern Tesmanian Artillery and Torpedo Corps parade tn drill order at the Barracks to-night. Congregational Literary Association meet- ing in Harrington-street schoolroom to- morrow evening. The investiture of Archbishop Murphy at St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday was an im- posing ceremony, and was witnessed by about 8,000 people. A man named Roydon Keith, alias Joseph Cooper, has been arrested at Launceston on charges of burglary and arson. He is sus- pected to be concerned in various suspicious circumstances of late occurring. Mount Vesuvius is at present in eruption. It is proposed to appoint one of the Boya Princes Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. Belgium proposes a conference of the European powers on the Congo question. Further rioting has taken placo in West- phalia, andrnoielivos have boen lost. The Iberia's cargo of fruit from Hobart has arrived in London in excellent condition, Paper mill proprietors in England have formed a syndicate to increase prices. Madame Melba is winning unstinted praise for her operatic successes. New Zealand mails delivered in London in thirty-five day». l" ' - 1 -H I v ) | . ' - j S> y/i I _ ' t ; < Another New Sooth Wales lena ii'seoaung' on the' Landon innrkat. «The ihip Bothwell Cattle it loading at Bombay with wheat for Hobart. H. M. Stanley, ia «id to be returning to England in August next. Reports concerning the recent capture of Khartoum aro now discredited. Australian «hipping freights are to be re- duced by 2s. Cd per ton. Messrs. Mallinson, R. J. Gray, and A. Johnson havo been recommended as Brisbane Railway Commissioners. A daring robbery at a jewellor's shop in Adelaido was perpetrated on Saturday morning. 'Another New Zealand Gold-Mining Co. (the Queen Charlotte Sound) has boen regis- tered in London, capital £200,000. A company to promote colonisation of West Australia has been registered with a company of £10,000. Its success is doubtful. Some terrible fighting has occurred in Abyssinia, no los« than 80,000 contestants j having bean killed. The German military expedition in East Africa has had a smart skirmish with, and driven off the rebel Arab chief Buslre Secret Societies are decreasing in Ireland since the disclosure» made a» to the action of the National League. President Carnot, at the Exhibition ban- quet, ii professing the desire of France to ha at peace with the world. The Eastern Coast of Vancouver ia to be fortified against possible attack by British vessel« in caso of war. The Bishop of Lincoln's appeal in the ritualistic case has been dismissed by the Archbishop of Canterbury. A hoavy cyclone in America has caused great destruction of property and loss of life. Barnum's great »how was among the wrecks. It is again said, but as yot not quite for certain, that the Agents-General of Victoria and New Zealand will be decorated with the Legion of Honour. Great Britain, America, and Germany, by the latest proposal before the Berlin Con* terence are to have alternate control in Samoa. . Frauds Ormond, of Victoria, who ha« recently died, waa to have been made a baronet had ho lived until the next Quoon's Birthday. ___________ The story of Mr H M. Stanley's march to the relief of Emin Pasha, as told by Stanley himself in letters re- cently published, is one which displays truly wonderful perseverance, and for- titude in the midst of .Bufferings and ! dangers of which we eau gather only a faint conception. Mr. Stanley appears to have uuder .gohe more than the dangers and sufferings usually experienced by the African traveller, with some others added, by reason of the credulous ac- ceptance of the news of his death, which was, it appears, carried back to his ' original camp by deserters from his expedition. It will be remembered | that the object of Mr. Stanley's ex- pedition was, the relief of Emin Pasha, who appears to be shut up with his forces somewhere on the lake called Albert Nyanza, by Sir Samuel Bakah, out of the north end of which the Nile flows, after coming from the Victoria Nyanza, which may be regarded as its source. Some of the previous explorers have proceeded from Zanzibar, and have travelled north, whilst others have ascended the Nile, and thus traced up that river whioh was so long a mystery. Stanley took what was practically a new route He ascended the Congo as far as a few degrees to the north of the equator, then he proceeded up the Uiver Aruwimi.on the lower portion of which he established an entrenched camp. The rapid account which he gives of his proceedings does not enable us to say preciselyJ what force was ia this camp, but it seems to have been abundantly stocked, and a number of' Europeans to have been left in charge,' This camp was at a place named Yambuya's The camp was left in charge of Major Barttelot, who seams to have had 250 men with him, besides several Europeans It seems that they were to wait the arrival of stores from Stanley Pool, on the lower Congo, and then advance on the road' which Stanley himself had taken. Stanley., with his expedition left Yambuyaîs ion' June 28th, 1887, and appears to'havé got on very well forsome t^j^merqlj, occasionally having to repel the -.at- tacks of the natives, AvHioh lie* sue-' ceeded in doing without ¡aiïy grçpt loss The serious troubleBu began i when they fell in with1 ' the' Arab traders, whom tbey^ ^îad, hoped t to avoid, and twhpjiniwei^n following their usual plan of'^h^ögi ing the country into a wilderness1^', On1 the 16th September, at a place ' called, Ugarrowara, he was compelled to leaye1 601 men behind for various reason's/ and to push on as food was very scarce On the 18th, they entered a settlement of Kilinga-Lunga, an old Ai ab, whose bloody deeds are- notorious " Tins," says Stanley, "proved an awfuhnonth for us" The, .Arabs i did/thejr best to ruin the expedition a iThey bought the clothes and the rifles of the men, " so that whence left their station we were beggared,'and our men were1 absolutely naked ''l ¿jfh¿y '¿ere ' bo weak that'they were unable ito' carryj the boat and about 70 loads of goods, so that they were TlefÉ behind , under Surgeon Parke and Captain Nelson, the camp being called " Nelson's Starvation Camp " They marched on through a region made deso'ateby the Arabs, and what had not been de- stroyed by them was bioken down by the elephants. , On 21st November they came out om -a ? virgin soil and into a populousJ country, abounding in food, having, been Jin a state of starvation since the 31st of August. Out^of'SSO men they now only ¡'numbered ,174, and they were all like skeletons. At a place called/libwirij however, they obtained abundance of food, they revelled on goats; bananas, sweet potatoes, yama, beans, etc., thus re- cruiting themselvea for 13 days.and "then being ready to face anything They were still 126 miles from the TI 1 /J u Lake. , ¡i j, j From this point, however, ( they weie opposed by the 'natives, whoJ assembled in considerable force, and said that they weie subject to the great King of Uganda The party suc- ceeded, however, in forcing their way through, and on the 13th Peoember, they sighted the Albert Uyanza, which lay at a considerable distance below them. Here great difficulties were encountered again. The natives would not help them in any way, they had no boat, and so could not go in search of Ems PashaJ of whom they could leam nothing The boat was 190 miles behind, | there were no trees out of which boats | could be made, and it was not deemed desirable or wise to attempt to take a canoe from the natives by force. It I was, therefore, decided to retreat t» [Ibwiri and build a fort, from'which ! ( '' ,'t i .. ' I - ¡' V _aiti li Jl« oJ_ nuod / place a party t could be sent to bring Tip the boat''and the men" left at Kilinga-Longa's. This was done with- out any accident of a serious character, except that Stanley was attacked with gastrites, and an abscess formed in his arm, but he was carefully nursed by Dr. Parke and recovered. On April 2nd he again set out for the Albert Nyanza with Dr. Parke and Mr. Jephson, Captain Nelson having been left in charge of the fort, called Bodo, which appears to have been adopted as a new base of operations. This time the natives were most friendly, going through the binding ceremony of blood brotherhood. On 27th April he re- ceived a letter from Emin Pasha, duted March 26th, and on the 29th April he recalled the camping ground at the head of-the Lake, and saw the Khedive steamer, with Emin ob board, coming towards them, and about seven miles away. They remained together till the 25th May, doubtless talking over many things, and then he returned to Fort Bodo. Here he found Captain Nelson and Lieut. Staibs, the latter having returned from Ugarrowwa's, with only a remnant of the men, but the fort was in a flourishing condition, ten acres of land being under crop. From this point Stanley made back, with a number of carriers and no en- cumbrances whatever, to Yarabuya's, iu order to bring up the immense quantities of stores left there in charge of Major Barttelot, and on the 17th August he came upon the rear column of the expedition, which should have been fully provided and in great force. He saw one white man stand- ing at the door( of a stockade, whom he recognised 'as Mr. Bonny. From him Stanley learned that Major Barttelot had been shot by the Manyuema, that Mr. Jamieson had gone io oianiey raus w wy auu gcu more men, Mr. Troup had gone home invalided, Mr. Ward was at Bongola, and Mr. Bonny the only one left Out of 257 men only' 71 remained, and these' mere wrecks, but á large portion1 of the' goods remained, .though many; artjcles were rayssing. Mj\ Stanley s own clothing and per-, gonai effects had been sent'away, as the officers in charge believed the story' of !thTS-de8erters- that-he ^ras-dead.'so" that he had ,a prospect of, 'another journey across^ Africa without a,proper i outfit, and this-he-has-undertaken. His plan was, to return as ]qúickly as possible .and join Emin Pasha, whom he tried to persuade toi return towards the coast without delay. This he did no't seem inclined to do, as he had 10,000 men, women, and children with him, and he «as afraid that he would not be able to get tbem back. What has been decided upon we do not know. Various reports have been current, one to the effect that a white man was marching on to Khartoum, hut if so there must have been a change of plan, and a very bold move must have been made. Possibly; Stanley and Emin Pasha have united, and resolved on a great enterprise. At all eyents, Stanley' had a rendezvous with,Emin at the i-i._ J The Football Association Comniittoe^met on Saturday as a Court of J^Btice, to deal with tho'coso of tnofootballerswho had quarruUedC und fought, after a fashion;- during the.pro grobs of a game,'and. .liad, thUB brought tjiemsplvoB and the Association into dis- repute.^ The.Court adjudgod^hat tbb chicff offender should be suspended from play for four weeks, and the -accused piotestod «gainst the jurisdiction of, itlie^ comniitteo. Thus they Btand'"As you were." AU this would be ludicrous wore it not for the'fact that such mock courts of -justice aie not at all likely tp^purge footbaj^of, rowdyism ',or unduly lough play. Tliejiliprt and simple way to put down,these scandais ia to "band tho offcnHora ovor 'to iho police. Two or three stringent examplcFintliis way would de more good than''an .iiifinito^nnnVb'er(Jof .committee inquiries and sentences, whicli no one. Begins to caic two straws about. By the Vay, In the oourBB ofitho inquiry'à 'letlei Was road fiom Mr.J Superintendent Hcdborg, pfi the ' Territorial1' police, threatening 'to "take action in the matter unlOBS the J Asso- ciation Itself deoiltnnth'tlio cusiv a« he had r^ceiVb'i^ numerous complaints. Ib not this anew' departure in police practice to pal ley with private > individuals as to wbethei libtibn shall be takon or nut against those TfyW break the law Î Surely/the law con- cerning braw Ung in a public place applies to football grounds (and football pluyeis. If the .Snpcnnteiídont of Police has authority 'to .threaten action he 1 lias admittedly' authority to' act',1 and .should do bo with- out j teuipoiisiug' 01 equivocating, i For tho mattoi of that, tho, police 'would not muuli exceed their duty" if tiley'insisted on bettor lieliaviour,among onlookers und foot -balliplayors alike.' Those who reBpoLt good oidai uud.decoruin/and do not care to listen tVlauguago which at times is rough iii the extreme, take cure to avoid football matches. A In the course of his Bpeech -at Ottawa, Mr. Pul kin refened to the wondoiful toloration of : the Bi itish Government of all sorts of opinions, though somo may be directed to the disintegration of the Empire. Certainly, in no other part of the world is such free- dom known, and we can only hope that it is not the îesult of a felling of indifference to the fate of the Empire. It may he, as Mr. Froude said, that John Bull has only to pull on his boots to at once put an end to much that - now appears to be work- ing towards disintegration, or it may he that there is no j Teal danger after all. In any case, t it is well that we should oall attention to the fact, that under the British Government, in all parts of the world, greater freedom of opinion is shown .han ttffder any 'other at the present day; a fact which those who ose, or even abuse, that freedom do not recognise as they should, m Mr. Parkin, referring to annexa- tion to' the ' United State«, said:-"Are wé, who have lived 100 yean under the good old Union Jack, that dear old British flag, to give up our birthright, our noble heritage, our motherland, for Goldwin Smith's 10 per pent, commercial advantages, and cowardly desire io escape' war T If such contemptible proposals, were given .utterance to in Russia 'they1 would mean Siberia, if in France _, the New Hebrides If in ¡ Germany prison, in many other European countries exile or execution, and in the United Stutes it would mean tar and feathers, and lots of them too... It ia only under the British flag that you can talk freely on a subject like this. We are so sure of our security that wo can allow a lot of miscellaneous cranks to talk that way if they like." These be truths, though they are vory often forgotten. With the fear of "" a dungeon cell" beforo our eyes, wo must yotcall attention to the fact that the indignation of Mr. Fookes, Q.C., is rather out of place. In our first paragraph we said that " if we remember rightly" he was the person who doubted the fairness'of the I local court of -justice,' and when he said ¡that he was npt.^wsí'át onoe accepted , oo crviA ,'iua'i .aaa a '-«. hi« denial and made what he oalls the amende honorable. That should have been enough for him. As to our remarks being impertinent, he will, perhaps, with- out wishing to oonvoy us to " tho deepest dungeon beneath tho moat," in tho stylo of the transpontine drama once so popular in London, permit us to «ay that wo regard still our romark as quito pertinent in connection with the caso between the Main Line Co. and the Government of thU colony. For, tho impu- tation was made and commented on by us, though possibly not hy Mr. Fookes, Q.C., and is hut one of many statements of a similur kind to which wo have had to refer from timo to time. Iii fact, it has boon stated in London that the colony Is a den of thieves, because it declines to give the Alain Lino Company all its domands. Some time will be required to search through our files, but when we have found the statemont referred to wo shall placo the saddle on the right horse. Mu, J. R. Pabkin will doliver a lecture in the Mayor's room this evening on Imperial Federation, and we have no doubt that he will be listened to by a largo and attentive audience. As Mr. Parkin is a Canadian, ho will, it is cersain, have many things to say which will be now to the,residents of this part of the world, since, necessarily, he has had opportunities of looking at this im- portant question from points of view different from those familiar to us here. The relations of Canada Jo the Imperial Govern 'ment differ in some.' respects from our own. The subject of federation haB been much more keenly disoussed there than here, and, we think, 'in a much more practical manner. ? At all events, Mr. Parkin ia sure to hay« a great deal' to «ay i which will be both interesting und instrno-, tive, alike to those whose opinions aro already in favour of Imperial Federation, and to those who may desire further infor- mation on the subject. The St. John Tele- graph, a Canadian, paper, «ay« that"Mr. Parkin " is full of his subject, and well able to discourse upon it, and présent his subject in i favourable light. It is no small com- pliment to his abilities that he has been selected for the large mission to which he is now called." It is well that this subject j should be "sot inalllightu by many minds." ] '"The Maia Link Cask.-On Saturday Dr. Madden, leading counsel for the defcnco, opened hi» case, and occupied tho attention ' Of tho Court with hu prefatory remark« uutil 1.30 p.m., when.an adjournment took place till 10.30 this morning,, . ,T ' pNCUtlHED Tklcdhah.-A meuugo ud Tlresspd *' Mrs. Jackson, care of Mrs. Hueves, |S7, _Pattick-»treet," awaits au owner at Telegraphy Olhoe. ,, . , 1 A ti ' Nation Al. Unity.-Mr.", G. B. Purkin, of Canada, will deliver a lecture on the subject (of National Unity, uuder the auspices of the League, this evening. "Admission will be fref, the place will bo the,Mayor's Court- room instead of the"' large' hall, on account of pha latter being occupied. Ladies are invited to bo present. ' I ''- / _ Tub Bihhui" or Tasmania.-The writer of "Social Oossip "rfrom Home in the Au» traiaaian writes :-" Tho Beverend Hugh H. Montgomery, who ha» been' selected as .Bishop of Tasmuuiu by the Archbishop of Canterbury, and a junto of four other bishop», ia a comparatively young man of enormous energy, with a singular power of inspiring loyalty in hi» fellow-workers. Be is a tali mau, very fair in complexion, with a remarkably »mall, head, i and some what1 sharp-cut feature». At 'Harrow, ho attracted the regard of . Archdeacon Farrar, who was then uu assistant master there, and in ' after years he became his curate, and married hi» daughter. ' After aome year» of1 hurd work nu-'» curate, Montgomery waa chosen vicar of SO/ Murks, .Kennington,' ii, working class constituency in South London^, where lie collected a bund of curutes around him, wlioiii'hc proceeded to woik like hortjec Nobody speuka or thinks tiny nior»"Jofl theology over hore, but if anyono cured to class Montgomery a» a theologian,, tho.< best, description of liim would bo that his theology is much tho same us tliut~óf his respected futhei -m.law, only less7 »o. f Ho' 'ia very ' popular mnong the working _ classes, and altogether us good a specimen "of a ' public school mim ' as could well be named." ?*- Cahpikal Mohan.-His Eminence Car- dinal Moimi paid a visit to, His Excellency the! Governor oil Saturday afternoon, and aftcrwaids took a dri\e, accompanied by nevell of the prelates. To-duy lie visits the schools of St. Muiy's mid St. Joseph's, and in the evening he w ith his suite will be invited to bo present at an entertainment to bo given ut the Convent Behool. We under- stand that His Eminence is suffering from a se vote cold, and hus mude the trip at great inconvenieuoo and some risk to himself to confer tlie pallium upon Arohbishop Murphy. This, together with the travelling, win in some, degree aocount for the Cardinal's upparcut weakness. So far as can be learned at present he goeB to Launceston on Friday, 'where he will be cntci tained at u banquet, 'and will Toturn to Sydney ina Formby. ' TlUMITIVl. MfcTllODIbT CllOKOU..-Til« Rev. J. G. Wright ('elivered a special ad- dress on "the Bible" in the omach last evening. Hu lemiirkod tliut tho Bible \i as !u kvoudeiful book, if ti'uo,iand was still won deilulif false. Hu regal dod tho Bible as a Book of God, because us Butler says "It is dedicated to Him and to His name. Tlicre were but two ways of accounting for it, either it was invented by mon, 01 it caine not hy the will of men, but holy men spoke us they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Au author in his book has always some purpose to suive. The author of the Bible would be disoo\oicd by a perusal of its contents, and thu great put pose he had was the guidance 'und sulvution of mun. A long sketch was given of modem scepticism which denies the possibility, necessity, und mode, the con- tents and progressive verification of the Sciiptuies. .Special ultention was called to the untccodant pi obahilitieu of a t evolution, and 801110 illusttutious from natuiu uddncod to show that the Creator hud mude ample piovision fot all tho wants of his cieatuies. Man felt the need of a divine covenant, and this was mot by the Bible. Piopheoy was affirmed to ,bo the internal/inefiagalile evidences of instruction and the prophecies concerning the establishment of the Christian religion, und thoso concerning the history and dispel sion of the Jews now enlarged upon. Tho speaker also touched upon the position held by the Biblo in thu world, ana the Influence it had excited iu tho work of litoraturo and art. The ad- dress was listened attentively to throughout. Y.M.C.A.-"What shall we doforrooin ?" is the ciy of tho Gospel Temperance Com- mittee of this association, for tho hall and stairs leading thereto were packed on Satur- day evening. The piogrummos furnished at Satutday evening meetings certainly moot with the approval of tho audience, and the one presented to thom last Saturday even- ing gave the people present much satis- faction. The songs sung by two gentlemen had, a Btrong smack of "Auld Reekie." There was one. very good recitation by a young lady, two capital readings (one of them very original), and an excellent address, giving some tragic instances of tho terrible curse of strong drink by Mr. Arthur Smith, of Melbourne. Miss Lily Richardson pre- sided at the piano, and gave excellent effect to the music. The meeting began and closed with prayer. Chalberh Free Church.- The annual social meeting in connection with the Chalmers Free Presbyterian Church takes place in the school hall, Bathurst- street, on Wednesday evening next. Tea will be pro- vided at 6 o'clock, after which vooal and instrumental' selections will be given hy the choif and others. IN explanation.-Dr. Benjafield write« : '-"Dr.. Butler'« letter to the Hospital Board re'Buileigh's admittance to hospital, 'says'that ho was suffering from typhoid 15 days before ho was sent in. I saw him first on Murch 15, and gave the order for his admittance March 10 ; and I understood from him that ho was working at Wright's manure factory up to the day bufoie I sow bim.' ' ' -Gladstone-street. -A correspondent points out the' inconvenience of the old name of this thoroughfare, George-street, still being1 announced on the plates, and sug- gests an alteration. City Powens Coubt.-Before Mr. E. Maher, J.P., on Saturday, John Sullivan 'wasfinud 20s. 6d. or 14 days for disturbing the 5euee. William Sorell, for being di tink and isoiderly, was fined 5s. or seven days. Hospital Items.-Frank Adkin, for frac tured forearm from fall from a fence, and Catherine Staples, for dislocation of wrist from fall, Were treated at the General Hos- pital yesterday. IIj » .ioviií-ihinirl ,\ TvriiotD Fevkb.--A correspondent writoa as follows in tho Brisbane Courier :-Sir, As typhoid fover is now prevalent, I send you for publication, for the information of others, copy of a prescription whioh wus lately sent to mo from Sydney by a lady friend, who vouches for its ellicaoy. She writes :-" Eight drops of rectified spirits of turpentine in n wineglass of water throo times a day is a preventive . where there is much typhoid fever, und has boon used willi SU0CC88 as a cure in casos of typhoid. " I havo no personal knowledge of the above in connection with the uses statod. It ap- pears, however, calculated to destroy tho germs of discuses of the kind referred to. Schlmnu Match.-Tho scullin» match which took place on tho Uiver Huon on Soturday for £50 a side botweon Young and Nation resulted in an easy win for the lattor. Owing to the want of patronage tho s.s. Pinafore did not leavo Hobart to accom- pany the race. S.T. Aktillkby, -An advertisement in another column orders tho members to parade at the Barracks to-night, at 7.30 o'clock, in drill order. Concert at Glenorchy.-Messrs. Allen and Arnold will, assisted by lady and gen- tlemen amateurs, give a pianoforte and violin recital in the Protestant Hall, Glen- orchy, this evening. The residents of that place will doubtless take advantage of this opportunity, especially considering that thu nhargo of admission might be correctly characterised as "million prices." I FnuiTANnTiMnEulNDüSTBlES.-Tonight Mnjor-Genoral Tottenham is announced to give an address on this subject to thoso in- terested at Garden Island Creek. The Otuku Side of the Story. - Hore is what Archbishop Walsh wrote to tho Dublin £iiening Mail, and it presents a curious contrast to the statements recently made by Mr. John Dillon:-" You say I call tho Irish landlords ' wicked mon.' Ex- , ouse mo. I used tho adjective * wicked ' in reference to ' certain landlord».' There are, I am eure'you will recognise, wicked landlords .as well as wicked tenant». I should be sorry to see the phrase applied I with anything like generality to either side. Indeed, I think the coate in which it could be applied to the prùent race of Jrinh land- | lord» in their dialing* with their tenante aré," on the whole, exceedingly few. The settlement of the Irish land quostion would present much less difficulty than it does if all persons would bear in mind how very small is the number of estates in Ireland ou which there is now any very serious trouble between landlord and tenant." 