1 Boys' Field Cinb. "os—1. Tojenoourage tbe praotical study ural objects. 2. To provide healthful ttom THE MONTH. las been, in one respect, an important i the history of the club. Mr. W. C. to whom the Society owes itsez- >nd the greater part of its continued ty, has left on a visit to Amerioa and ritain, where be will make enquiries matters relating to Juvenile Natural- -ociations. flia journey will, without neatly benefit members, not only on i of the valuable information of he will be able to make use lis return, but also because of healthy spirit of Belf-dependence , uich his absence muBt tend to promote amongst us alL The lasting succesB of no Society can be secured by the exertions of any one man—a fast of whioh Mr. Grasby has been fully aware, and which has more than once given him cause for serious thought. If the club is to be permanently useful all its members must work together heartily for the good of their common cauee. In saying this it must not be understood that the interest in the work of the Association is in any way decreasing; on the contrary it is steadily increasing. Still, boys will do well to remember that if on hiB return Mr. Grasby IB to find the club in the same flourishing condition as it iB now it will be due to their own efforts as well as to those of older members. July is further remarkable owing to the fact that during that time the proprietors of the Evening Journal have kindly promised that on the first Saturday in each succeeding mcnth a column will be devoted to accoonta of meetings and other matters of interest to members. On Monday, July 29, Mr. F. S. Crawford gave a lecture on "Insects" tA an audience whose size was a poor compliment to the value of the address. The lecturer first explained the various changed through which creatures of this claBS go, and said that the terms "larva," "pupa," and "imago" were related, in a certain degree, to "baby," "boy," and "man." Some insects underwent what were known aB incomplete changes, in these c&seB; the "larva" and " pupa" bearing considerable likeness to the " imago," whilst others whose " larva" and " pupa" differed much from their "imago" were said to undergo complete transformations. Insects were divided according to the way in which they ate their food, some tearing it by means of jaws and others sucking it through a tube. Mr. Crawford then described the thirteen orders used by Westwood, the celebrated entomologist. The lecture was illustrated by some beautiful diagrams, prepared by Miss G. Ormerod, and each member present was also given a diagram in explanation of Mr. Crawford's remarks, which were very interesting, and gained the close attention of the boys. He was heartily thanked for his address. The geological, botanical, and zoological sections have met as usual during the month. The formation of the earth, the parts of the buttercup, and freshwater univalves have been the chief subjects studied. The attendance at all the meetings should have been larger, but time will probably show an improvement in this direction. ABORIGINAL NOMENCLATURE. LBy S. L.l When our fathers were boys there existed a tribe of aboriginals in and around Adelaide which is now extinct. These natives never thought of going beyond their own defined boundaries, and when the white men suddenly appeared amongst them and settled down within their country they naturally concluded that the new arrivals had at some former time existed in their tribe, and having changed tbeir black colour into white had come back oncn more to see their native land. They also fancied they saw in the white faces their own fathers, sons, or brothers returned from the grave, and many of the early settlers had to submit to the kisses and embraces of some old, ugly, dirtyfaced " gins," who thus persisted in welcoming back the ghosts of their sons or respected relations. '-The revived relatives, however, did not reciprocate the kindly feelings of the old ladies, and declined to accept them even as foster-mothers. An account of the Adelaide tribe would form a very interesting paper, but it is now proposed to record briefly the original native geography of the tribe so as to acquaint the members of the Boys' Field Club with the native appellations attached to many familiar localities before the advent of white men. Places were named after some event or from some local cause. The terminals inga or ilia referred to a locality or place, and parri to a river or creek. Karriwirraparri (karri — redgum tree, wirra— forest), the river in the forest of redgum trees, was the native name for the River Torrens. Witoinga (wito—reeds), the place of reeds, is now called the Reed beds. Unfortunately the compilers of the early vocabularies do not appear to have given the derivation of the words used to denote localities, and it being the custom of the aborigines to have at least two names for animals and plants, the name bearing any resemblance to a recently deceased native was at once discontinued for some time, and the other title substituted, so that it is now impossible in many cases to form even an approximate idea of the cause that led the aborigines to adopt the names they gave to the greater number of the localities referred to. Their " Gazetteer" included the following plaoes:—Bukartilla (Hahn- dorm), Karraundolnga (Hindmarsh, Mait- painga (Myponga), Mikawomma (Woodville), Ngaltinga (Aldinga), Ngalta (Murray River), Pattawilya (Glenelg), Ngangkiparri (Onkaparinga), Warriparri (Sturt River), Tandanya {the site of Adelaide), Willainga (Willunga), Mulleakki (Para River), Wommamukurta (Mount Barker), Workowodliwodli(KIemzic), Yertabulti (Port Adelaide). Willawilla (Brownhill Creek), Yurreidla (Mount Lofty), Yankalyailla (Yankalilla and adjoining hills), Yurreidlalitinga (Uraidia or neighbourhood near Mount Lofty), Ngangkiparringa (in the neighbourhood of River Onkaparinga). Tandanyaparri appears also to have been applied to the River Torrens; and the banks of the Torrens between North and South Adelaide were called Tandanyainga, probably from being in the vioinity of Tandanya. NOTES. With the beginning of spring comes the time for fresh activity on the part of the naturalist. Collecting-nets should be mended, herbarium portfolios put in proper repair, and everything made ready for a season of hard work. Life of all kinds is beginning to awake from its winter sleep, and needs only to be studied to give much enjoyment. Let all workers therefore be diligent. Much of the wanton destruction of nature s wonderful works which unhappily so often takes place is undoubtedly done by those who are not naturalists, but the blame also partly lies with those who at least call themselves by that name. To the mere collector a rare plant or animal is like a nugget of gold to the miner—an object to be grasped at once so that no one else may gain it. To find an uncommon speoies, it is argued, is* praiseworthy act, and therefore all the specimens obtainable should be gathered, so that tbe chances of others achieving distinction may be lessened. It has been found in Great Britain that the total disappearance of a rare plant or bird from a locality has been caused more than once, not as was at first supposed by the cruelty of a so- called "sDortsman" or by the grazing of cattle, but by the greed of a wandering collector. This lamentable habit is particularly noticeable in beginners, although it iB fay no means confined to them. Every attempt has been made to stop the growth of any such custom amoDg members of tbe Boys' Field Cinb, but still it is perhaps not wholly needlesB to say that the chief aim of a naturalist should be-to study specimens, not merely to colleot them. Mr. J. W. B, Blunt, writing to Science Oossip from Texas, United States, about tbe end of last year, gives some interesting information about the migration of butterflies. He says:—"This * Indian summer' has closei with a heavy thunderstorm^ that raged all last night. Just now the air down here is perfectly still, not a leaf stirring, but looking .up we can see by the motion of the clouds that a current of air is coming from the north. Borne along by it are hundreds of butterflies, some flying BO high that they only appear like black specks on the fleecy white clouds, but all moving onward as if with a fixed intent. They fly with a rapid movement of the wings, now and then soaring and floating on the air, andBO are carried onwards until the rapid motion begins again. Unless you saw them I think you would hardly believe how high these small creatures fly, and how strong they are on the wing. This migration of butterflies is nothing new to us. Every year about this time we have what we call ' a butterfly norther.' One year it was stormy, and the butterflies, blown about, settled in hundreda on the trees about onr home. One large white oak was covered with them, and when the Bnn shone out they looked monotonoaBly beautiful SB they ooened and clooed tbeir fire-coloared, -silver- lined wings. I should like to know whence they start and whither they go. Wherever they are born, in their larval state, they must commit great havoc on tbe foliage. It is a curious fact that these clouds of batterflies always consist of this one speoies. While I write they are still coming from the north, and passing high over our heads on their journey south; they have been doing so all day; some that are Eying lower seem diepesed to settle, so I hope I may secure oce to send. Several people in different parts of this country have also noticed this yearly migration 