CHRISTMAS CREEK. By Henry Kendal. Phantom streams were in the distance—mocking ' lights of lake and pool — Ghosts of tree3 of so£fc green lustre-=-groveB o£ shadows deep and cool ; Yea, some devil ran before them changing skies of brass to blue, Setting bloom where cur3G is planted, where a grass-blade never grew. .Sis there were, and high above them glared a wild and wizened sun, Ninety leagues from where the waters of the sing ing valleys run. There before them, there behind them, was the great, stark, stubborn plain, Where the dry winds hiss i'ox1 ever, and the blind! earth moans for rain ! Ridged about by tracks of furnace, ninety leagues from stream and tree, Six there were, with wasted faces, working northwards to the sea ! Ah, the bitter, hopeless desert ! Here thesj broken human wrecks Trod the wilds where sand of fire is with the spiteful spiniftx, Toiled through spheres tha-t no bird knows of. where with fiery emphasis Hell hath stamped its awful mint-mark deep on every thing that is ! Toiled aud thirsted, strove and suffered ! This was where December's breath As a wind of smiting flame is on weird, haggard wastes of death ! This wa? where a withered moan is, and the gleam oi: weak, wan star, And a thunder full of menace sends its mighty voices far ! This was where black execrations, from Home dark tribunal hurled, Set the brand of curse on all things in the morn ing of the world ! ti # i'f ii ?-? « Of # One man yielded — then another — then a lad o£ nineteen years Reeled and fell, with English rivers singing softly in his eaiv. Engli.-h grasses started round him — then the grace of Sussex lea Came and touched him with the beauty of a green land by the sea ! Old-world faces thronged about him— old- world! voices spoke to him ; But his speech was like a whisper, and his eyes were very dim. In a dream of golden evening, beaming on a quiet strand, Lay the stranger till a bright One came and took him by the hand. England vanished, died the voices ! but he heard a holier tone, . ; And an angel that we know not led him to the lands unknown ! i'e * * * -* ' ' * # # : Sis there were, but three were taken ! Three were left to struggle still ; But against the red horizon flamed a born of bridled hill ! But beyond the northern skyline, past a wall o£ steep austere, Lay the land of light and coolness in an April coloured year ! 'Courage, brothers,' cried the leader } 'on the slope of yonder peak There are tracts of herb and shadow, and the channels of the creek!' So they made one last great effort — haled their beaets through brake and briar — Set their feet on epurs of furnace— grappled spikes and crags of lire — Fought the stubborn mouutain forces, smote down nalted, natural powers, Till they gaze! from thrones of Morning on a sphere of streams and flowers. Out behind them- was the desert, glaring like a sea of brass ! Hero before them were ihe valleys, fair with moonlight coloured grass ! At their backs were haggard waste-lands, bicker ing in a wicked blaze ! In their face3 beamed the waters, marching down melodious ways ! Touching was the cool, soft lustre over laps o£ lawn and lea ; And majestic was the great road Morning made across the ec-a. On the sacred day of Christmas, after seven months of grief, Rested three of six v-ho started, on a bank of mess and loaf — Rested by a ruuning river, in a hushed, a holy week ; And they named the sfivam that eaved them — named it fitly—' Christmas Creek.' 