SPORT. _8plendid racing at the Driving Park on Wednesday. Great day for the books at the S D.P.C. on Wednesday. Glen Bay and Gildla Camp race meetings have bten registered by the A. J C. Gnnnedah Jookey Club have been ex- . erupted from tho provisions of rale 82 by the A J.C. ' _ The disqualifications of R. C. Cole for ' life and P. Hayes for twelve months, by the . Sydney Driving Park,, have been endorsed by tho A, J.C. . The disqualifications of E. Keys, J. G linuforth, and the horse Charcoal by the Sydney Bunt Club have not been endorsed by tho A J.C. Settling over the late V.A.T.C, Spring, Canterbury Park, and Sydney Driving Park Meetings passed off satisfactorily at Tattersall's on Thursday. The disqualifications of J. W. C. Hunter (owner), the mare Woodbine, and the \- jockey, Clengh, by the Sydney Driving Park, havo been adopted by the A.J.C. committee. The mysterious Moorebnnk has been purchased by Mr. Broad ribb, who wns a heavy loser over his defeat in the Caul- field Cup, and will go into Walter Hicken- botham's stable. Messrs. W. R. Hall and W. J. Johnson were the only nominations received for the vabanciFR on tho A J.C, committee, caused by the retirement of Messrs. Austin and Tfijwn, and they were necessarily elected. The popular George P. Williamson, of the Eastern Suburbs A C , intends taking a trip to Auckland, and having a ahrt atr the sports there. Thence GF. will work down the coast and meet Jthe Sydney team in Dnnedin. We oordially commend Mr. W. to onr Auckland friends and caution Mick, " Doc" "Hookey,' and the reBt of the rapidly diminishing pack to go slow, and not be taking him up Nelson-street or Bokeby-street way with too much freqnentosity. Dive Falsifier and hiB immediate circle of intimates have probably taken more money ont'of the betting ring this season by backing their horses at the right time . than any other combination of racing men " ever won in bets in the same length of time in America. No wonder with such a name as that. The members of Albert Cricket Clnb were deeply deploring the unexpected . absence of Mr. Jas. Deane on Saturday week, when his services would have been , bo! valuable in every branch of the game, and wondered why he was not there. Poor . fellow ! at the time he was lying ! dangerously ill from the effects of a sun- stroke received a day or two before. We j : are glad to learn be is recovering as well as con be expected, but must still avoid the \- cricket field for some time. The. Police News says:— "A corres pondent, who seems a bit querulous, sends ' us a diatribe against John L., and asks : Why don't the brute brace up and be a man P Is it because be can't, or is it true , that he can and won't P' The Police ' News cannot inform you. Probably the .' only reason why Sullivan prefers not to ' brace up and be a man is because he don't want to quit being a tank." ; ' Muldoon's opinion of Snllivan is pro bably tho nearest to the truth of any estimate made of the Blogger's character . with the exception of the unflattering \- pioture drawn of him by his wife several \- years ago. Muldoon hit the mark when ; - he said the whole trouble lay in Sullivan's ' small brain and great animal powers. The man is at near to the brate as it is possible ' to get, and any hero-worship over him is ' sentiment sadly wasted. It takes a good bit to knock the Dead . . Bird man, bnt he was staggered for a moment Inst Sunday. Little MisB Pink Stocking attaoked the truth of thestate- pent made in onr columns that virgo intacta was a medical name for an un married girl. She questioned him bo closely that he was hard pnt to it to get out of the corner, "but finally cleared his reputation :by solemnly declaring that in Sydney at least it was another name for a 1 t arqavis. An article In a New York paper gives an account of notorious plungers in America, and though we do not know the men, Borne : - ' '»' , 1. 1 " "r"r interest. One rule is common in every caBO, the gpntlemen whoso proceedings are described will read with perhaps a flight shade of apprehension : " if they bet long enough they will all go broke." " Pitts burg .Phil," the first hero mentioned, is already " fighting a losing battle, and he knows it," This i3 his fourth season as a baoker, and a fow of his fraternity last more than three. He Btarted vith some £15,000, and bnd at ono time run this up to some £75 000, but this year he has been unlucky, and it is not antic:pstod that he will stay much longer. The heaviest bettor in the States is said to be a man named Dwyer, who " bets 5000 or 10 000 dollars with as little concern as a society girl will bet a box of candy." He is never elated by victory nor depressed by defeat, though probably he felt a bit hustled on one occasion, when having laid £12,000 to £3000 on a horso called Joe Cotton, tho animal only jnst got home by ahead — "a nose" the aocount says —in the last stride, after looking' hopelessly out of it. Had not M'Laughlin ridden an ex traordinarily good race the long oddB on chance would have been npset. The latest sport among the hard-shell talent is fishing. We told yon abont the nice sweet fishing act last week, and how l embarrassing it was for that good young Wealoyan-whcn his girl sat on the big fish hook. A fishing excursion was held by one of the little Bethels last Saturday. Everyone had his or her line over the rail of the boat awaiting a bite, when the freokled-faeod girl with auburn hair turned to the young man with a downy monstacho and two watch chains, and ex claimed : "Oh! Augustus, I believe— I believe I have a bite !" "Then pull in," he commanded. " Bnt it may be a big fish, and he may pall me into the water." "I won't let him." " Bat if ho does?" "I will save you, or wo will perish together !" " Then— then I will pull." She pulled and brought in a leather- jacket, abont as big as your finger. The peril had passed, the saints sneered at the catch, but they minded it not. Not until that moment had they dared acknowledge their love. He was her'n and she was his'n, and they were very, very hanpy as they spat on their bait for more lack. The Philadelphia Press writes : — Hail, fellow-sluggers, athletos all ; Ba.il sinew, bone and muscle ; The cue 'equipment worth onr care in life's _ unnerving tusslo. i Hail, ranning leap, and boxing-bout, the wreatliog- match and vaulting ; Tho tug-of-war, thol flying ball — cart-wheel and somerBanlting. Upon the threshold we advanoe of largo achievement's portal, Where onrves and kioks and bludgeon blows make enterprise immortal.. Think of -the mighty Sullivan ; rectdl his re- oord gory ; And then consider eo may we slag ou to wealth and glory. Observe the Soulier in Lis aonil along the \- river flying. TheVild bnzzaB— tho straggling hosts' to do him hononr vying. And lo ! the man behind the hat. Whore else saoh chance gigantio P A three-base hit— a double play— the people mad and frantio ! Brains— to be sure, else life wonld bo mono- tononBly lonely, Bnt brains to be the oomploment of brawn and mnsole only. For what's tho good of intel'eot when mnsole gots the credit ? The geniuses are never known in all the sheofs they edit. But, give a anpp'e man the gloves and he's in rarest olover, For he can strike a blow that's beard this sporting onuntry over. Brains, to'be sure— but sluggers hail ! Hail Binew, bone and mnsole ! So btoBt is modern man equippod for life's un nerving tussle. We have long since voted her the prettiest girl in the boat. This wonld have been an offset for poor luck at our fishing parts if she had only known it, bnt we weren't saying a word for fear of spoil ing her, and by-and-bye she looked up at the Captain and asked : " Captain, shouldn't I spit on my bait to bring luok ?" , " Yes, you should, he replied." Lemme put on a fresh bait and then yon can spit." "Real hard P" "Yes." " All the spit I can ?" " Yes." She held the hook within thi'ee inches of her nose, twisted her tongue three or four times, and then gave a " hu-cboo 1" We saw something fly overboard, heard a scream of dispair, and next moment the prettiest girl fell in a heap in the bottom of the boat. She had thrown both plates of false teeth out of her head into twenty feet of water. It is strange to note (says an English writer) how jockeys lose their position and popularity. For a year or two a certain name is prominent, tbe services of its owner are sought after, he has every chance, at any rate; but gradually he recedes, bis average beoomes bad, his ' mounts fall off, he is seen standing down- for races in which a short time before he ' might very likely have chosen what he would ride. If lose of nerve is the reason of his decadence, that is scarcely the jockey's fault perhaps, but in most cases the fault is probably ibis own. Bnmonrs 0f some doubtful transactions in which he trainers have another suggestion to make to owners if bis name is mentioned— it is impossible to say whom ho will try to pub iu tbe cart next. Tbe jookey is seen talking to questionable people round furtive corners, and on the whole it is felt to be bettor to put up somebody else. I oould— only I do not propose to — name a couple of jookoyB at the present moment to whom these remarks apply. The folly of such conduct as that indicated is simply incalculable— to a really good rider a re putation for being straight is worth several thousands a year. "Vagrant" in the Maiti.anp Meiu'tiuy says:— "'The greatest racehorse we ever had' is an expression which we have heard about three' times a year used in reference to fully a score of horses from the period of theBlaok Demon' and his stable com panion Gleneoe, down to Ghester'and his rival First King, the unbeaten Grand Flaneur, Navigator, the Roman-noBed Wellington, Martini-Henry, Commotion the grand, the flying Malua, Trident the gallant, Carbine, Mentor, and now the latent claimant to the title is Abercorn. "Which is the real Sir Roger amongst thoso I have named is nard to say, for comparing the form of ono year with that of another is very much like measuring or weighing shadows. Anyhow, I am not going to argue Mr. White's chesnub should take the honours, groat racehorse though he be, for I don't think he is the best animal we over saw in Australia ; bub his' successes havo been more pronounced than any of his rivals, for in tho eighteen races which he has won, and the dead heat in which be took part, he secured no lesB than £1 1.445. This is far and away more than is credited to any other performer in the colonies, the nearost approach being the £8741 of Trident, the £8679 of Malua, and the £7700 of Commotion. Those are big figures, but the comparison of tho racing stakes of Australia and England may bo obtained from the fact that the Duke of Portland's crack, Donovan, has landed close on £50.000 iu two seasons in abbot sixteen races. An old Irish judge on the Northwestern Circuit loved the hunting- field more than he did the sleepy court- room. His clerk was like minded, and a joyous pair thoy made. One fine morning, the clerk whispered to the judge. 'Yer honour, old Billy Duane's meet's to-day at Ballykill- mulligan; an' they've a fine dog- fox.' 'How many names are on the docket ?' asked the judge excitedly. ' Twenty, for rioting and breach of peace, yor honour.' ' Tim,' said tbe judge, ' do ycu think you oan get the first fellow to pload guilty without a jury trial, and me to let him off with a week in gaol ?' "1 he easiest thing in the world,' answerod the faithful clerk, ' Make h&Bte; then, and bring the whole gang ; and, I cay, Tim, tell Jerry to saddle tho raaro meanwhilo.' Tho twenty prisoners wore brought into court— a defiant gang— nineteen of them prepared to fight, with counsel and jury, to the bitter end. Tho twentieth had been interviewed by the cjerk. He was called. ' Guilty or ' not guilty of tho criraeB charged ?' de manded the judge, with a propitious smilo. 'Guilty, yer honour; heaven help me!' said the crafty prisoner. Well, ' said tho judge, glancing benevolently about tbe room, ' I fancy I- can let you off with a week.' The man thanked the jndge and stepped down. There was a terrific sensation among tbe other defendants, none of whom expected to get off with less than five years in limbo. Here was a chance to profit by ' his honor's' pleasant mood. One and all manifested an earnest deBire to follow the example of their comrade and acknowledge the crimes in a batch. 'Do you all plead guilty P' demanded the judge, eagerly. ' We do !' Bhouted the enthusi astic nineteen in chorus. ' Fourteen years' transportation apiece,' exclaimed the judge, with a click of the jaw. ' Jerry, is he mare saddled yet ?" The prize poet of the Manning Indepen dent writes the following neat little story of a have : — " Come. Pat, I'll lay you two to one, Just for my couotrj'a honour, Tbat Searle is, wbsn tbe rsoe is done, In front of Bill O'Connor." "Done," replies Pat; " I think I've got A aartinty for once ; For though a racing man I'm not, I'm better than a dunce." He whistled, danced a hornpipe too, And obuoklrd iu his glee ; But I was confident I knew Muoh more of Soarle than he. Early next morn I left my bed, And with an eager face I saanned tbe paper, where I.read Tbat Searle had won the raoe. I called on Pat without delay, And let him know the news ; Then just suggested be abould pay What clearly were my dues. " Your dHeB !" says he ; "be jaberB, man, I won the bet, not you." -Says I, "just prove it if you oan." SayB he, "That's , what I'll do." " Searle oame in first, I must admit, And won the raoe," says Pat ; " But what has that to do with it ? You didn't bet ou that. You laid me odds that at tho end Your Champion Searle would be ' In front of his Canadian friend ?" "Well," says I, "wasn't ha " " Not ho ! O'Connor followed moat Along Soarla'e very traofe ; ... And I maintam gaftriajiasfledtbn nnHt The sad end of the once famous 'Varsity runner and cricketer, Mr. C. A. Absalom, has brought forth many expressions of regret,, but none more pathetically sympathetic than from Lord Harris, who, in a letter to the Press, speaks highly of his friend's good qualities. Mr. Absalom has seen more ot the world than most people. He led an adventurous career amongst tho Red Indians in the Rooky Mountains of North America, and when he met with his death he was engaged as purser of the Bteamer Muriel, ishe was at Trinidad, and whilst her cargo was being unloaded the crane gave way, and fell on Absalom, who died from the injuries he sustained. Poor fellow ; would that Eng land had many more such sous— cricketers, football players, runners, shot-putters, &o.;, and good at them all— he is indeed a loss. fn was in connection with a trial on a racing'caae that Judge Garrow, with two inoBt important witnesses — a "shady" betting man and au old farmer — retnon- " st rated severely for their disrespect to the court. More orderly for a time, they again talked loudly, and the irritated Judge ex claimed, " I seeyoutwo men are still deter mined to sot my authority at. defiance ; I shall have to commit you." The plough man instantly said, " He will keep talking, my lord ; I can't help it. Nothing will stop him." Then Gavrow said, " What was ho talking about?" "Well," replied the agricultural merchant, " he said your lordship was a d— — d old woman." Thereupon the "welshor" rose and said, "Yes; but I made the remark in tho strictest confidence." When the roar of laughter subsided, Garrow quietly said to the prosecuting counsel, " Go on with your case." An English exchange says:— "O'ne of the moat ordinary pastimes of the gilded youth of tho day is to bock at starting prices the horses soleoted for him by his barber while shaving him. It would be just as well, however, if some of these parties were first of all to enquire with whom their agents bet, as I hear great wailings in and abont St. James,' of a firm .of bookmakers whose cheques for winnings have recently 'come back.' It may not be generally known that some of these S.P. betting gentry pay a commission to hair dressers, valets, and lodging- house keepers on all the losing bets they bring. - As long a as tbe backer loses", the business is simple enough, the agent deducts his commission before handing over the stake. When, however, his client wins, the winnings are not, judging bv recent experiences, so easily obtained. Naturally the agent prefers a bookmaker who pays a eommis- " sion on all stakes brought to him, no matter how shaky the individual'laying may be, to a respectable fielder who offers ' him nothing. If tbe firm in Regent-street who are at present in default do net speedily pay up, wo may expect strong measures being dealt out to them by the duped hairdressers. Interesting stories of Killen's nervous ness are afloat in sporting oirolcs. The champion of the North-west was pale as a ghost in the first round, and after getting a few warm compliments from M'Auliffe's flipper he went back to his corner so dis couraged that he whispered hoarsely to Campbell : " Dave, I'm afraid I'm going to faint!" " Faint — — ! What would you faint for ?" exclaimed the second. " Why, you haven't been hit yet !" This was a most unfortunate remark, it appears, for the champion of the. North west on staggering back to his chair after the second round whispered faintly : " Dave, you were right ; I hadn't been hit in the first round, but I was in this one. Do yon think he has anything in . his glove ?" " Nothing at all, except it might be a horseshoe or a brick," replied the second, who waB already disgusted with the almoBt certain prospect of having to fan a loser and get nothing for his trouble. Just then the gong tapped for the fight to be- resumed, and the champion of the North-west, with a dolorous groan, dragged himself off the chair and faced the music sadly. In vain a thousand male American -re porters have tried to draw the brutal Mr. Sullivan, but he succumbed at last to the inquisitorial oharms of Miss Nelly Bly,who is the pluckiest and most famous of American newspaper women. The reve lations are certainly calculated to send a thrill of envy through Mr. Tuasaud, who has been very remisB in failing to secure the curios whioh are mentioned in this extract: Each of us brought a soft felt hat to wear out to the ring, said Mr. Muldoon, Mr. Sullivan threw both of them into the ring before tho fight. Thoy only cost 1 doi a piece, yet a man got 50 dols for Mr. Sullivan's hat, and 25 dols a piece for Cleary's and mine. The buckets which held tho ice- water which we dipped the towels in sold for 25 dols each. The post which held his colours was torn up and.'splinters of it sold for. 5 dols each. They even dag the ground up where tho post was driven, and doing it up in little parcels sold them to people anxious for mementoes. The ring rope was out into bits and sold, j had half a dozen towels and two sponges which T bathed Mr. Snllivan with and they dis appeared as if by magic. Major Hughes the Chief of the Fire Department of Louis'- v— a» «t the can whioh I had made ex- The owner first breaks the r roe-horse j then the racehorse proceeds to break the owner. Mrs. A. : " "What black eyes that baby haBi" Mrs. B. ! "YeBj his fathor is a pugilist.'' ilddie Greany, Joo Choynski's Mentor, states that Joe has positively bidden farewell to" the pri2o ring. So has Jim Corbett. From our exchanges we learn that Billy Murphy has discarded the sling in which he has been carrying his broken arm for a month. Rumour has it that Lord Harris may be exiled from the Kent County cricket field to take the governorship of Bombay and - £10,000 a year. A verandah cottage going to a suburb of Brisbane has a peculiar sign-board de noting the olnsn of business carried on in the prpmiiipfl, " O'rifidifig of all kinds done here." Billy Wilson, the coloured pugilist, is figuring on a match with Joe M'Auliffe, but the latter says the .next gontleman of colour ho will tackle will bo the redoubt able Peter Jackson. Australian Murphy has erected a plug hat of the latest style and invested his winnings on the Griifia fight in a oorner l<?,t in the Mission. The pugilists are now surer than ever that Ee is wfoag in the upper story, for such thrift, is new to the profession. Did you never hear tho story of the painter and the potter — How they onoe became intoxicated eimply npon water ? ' Tie a very touohing story, aud 'tis simple, as you'll note, For they merely took a jug of liquor with them in the boat. Old jockeys are fond of talking about the giant bookmakers of former times. But such men as Gully, Jackeon, Davis, Crutch, JSobioconi Justice, Jem Bland, Harry Hill, I edley, and the Bidsdales, in the hands of Steel, would have been but as " potter's olay," and some ef them wete. Baptist minister (to an inebriated parishioner) : "Oh 1 Mr. Jones, you don't know how you make my heart bleed when I see you in this dreadful condition." Inebriated parishioner : " If you don't shut up 111 make your— (hie)— nose bleed, an' you'll ' End that a blanketty sight worne. The Derby. With ringing oheorB the Northern mob Will hail the gallant Aha Southern sports will to a man Pile all their rioiix on ; — - The prophets and the ttfnts 'fcwctald sell If first was little — But if n orown to waste thou hast Take " twenty-fivog " Or else— a tip you need not Boom— Take thirty-threes and baok — But, better still— the beet tip this is— Invest your stuff on . " Are these the crioketers we are to play against P" asked the Rei'eree players as they saw some cricket-uniformed warriors of l(i years waiting to welcome them at St. Joseph's College on Wednesday. It trans pired that they were some of tho team, Cut they must have had Crawley and a couple of cither budding giants " planted " for the time being. They were all big enough. Wife i " D ra't fail to insert an adver tisement about poor loBt Fido." Husband : " Fear not." Wife (reads in paper the following morn ing) : <1 Ten shillings reward. Lost last Monday; a meaelj, hare-lipped, oross-oyed old yelltjw pup, answering to the name of Fido. ' 'He has no Tail, is wild with fleas, has a glass eye, and his whines would make a rhinoceros shudder. Knows how to bite. Fifty shillings reward if he is returned in a hearse." The boys of Cairns (eays the Post), in conscious imitation of their elders, initi ated a series of goat races oh Saturday last, the events being faithfully copied from the programme of the Cairns Turf Club —Maiden Plato, "Ladies' Bracelet, " Big Money," >to. The secretary, Master A Mintiis, haB lcindly forwarded ub an account of the racing, which we much regret wo cannot publish owing t'o presure of cpacd. The next billy-goat meeting will take place on Separation Day, and in the meantime wo are pleased to say the clnb, in recognition of'tho valuable services of . the secretary, have presented him with a magnificent silver watch. Apropos of the recent defeat of Dempaey it is worth while to note the fact that but few of the old-time fighters had unbroken records.' Tom Cribb was beaten once ; Jem Belcher sustained two defeats j Say ere was beaten by Nottingham;' Mace was beaten by King in juap Buch a way as the Non- pariel was knocked out on Tuesday, that is to Bay by a chance blow. The only original Nonpareil, Jack Randall, who fought in the early part of the century, shared with J Harry Pearce, " the game chioken," the honour of an unbroken record in a series oE hard' fights. In regard to the back handed Tilow which won Tuesday's fight . for the Marine, it seems pretty sure that the old ! rules applying to glove fights would have declared against any blow struck with either the palm or the back of the hand. Wife: "Is the moon full to-night?" Husband (looking out): "No. From its shape, though, I should think it was on a bender." t a the cricket match at St. Joseph s College, on Wednesday, poor 0 ercarit met with an accident, . ,,was deaf and dumb for the remainder of the afternoon. The ReeIiAe criGket team Went to St. Joseph's College oti Wednesday,- but did not find any "dead birds" thdte. Good articles are often found in small parcels, as the festive newBp3por men sorrowfully learned. Little George W. E. Aokerman, of Balti more, is one of the youngest club swingers in America. He is but 4 years old, stands 3ft 3Jtn in height, and weighs 401bs. He is a wonder with lOoz club. Ho is the son of Julius Ackorman, of the North western Police Station, of Baltimore. An American papery a reputed sporting authority too, says : " JLn Australia Wharton, a West Indian darkie, is reported to be able to do as ho likes with the 100yds record. He con smash tho 93ec, by Seward, easily, and can go fast enough to give an even timer 20yds and make a dead heat with him. If he can beat 9aec in a match against time he could take away with him nearly all the money that is in England." When did Wharton, the English darkie ex- amateur come to Aus tralia, is what " Tho Emu " wants to know. A man with his left arm in a sling was telling a passenger on tho tram what ailed him, and how it happened. Said he : " My boy Henry likes to go hunting, und so, last Soonday, I takes my gun und goes oadt by dor road mit him to kill some rabbits. Pooty soon we vhas separated und I goes along by der scrub end Henry shoots me mit his shot-gun." " Accidentally, of course ?" " Of course. He sees me creeping along nnd takes me for a tiger cat." " Why, there isn't a tiger cat within five hnndred miles of Spdney." " Dot vhas so, but Henry doan' know it until we comes back home. Ho feels worry bad aboadt it. Henry vhas a good boy, nnd next time ho doan' make ouch a mistake— he shoots me for aBnipo 1" The other day the people who attended the weekly market in a certain Frenoh town were surprised to see a peasant who was offering for sale a horse, which was tariffed at 4i. The same woman was selling a dog for which she demanded £20. They thought she must be mad, and told .her so. " Be that as it may," she said, " the man who wants to have a horse for 4 j must firBt take the dog at £20." A purchaser eventually secured the two, and afterwards would have the explanation. It transpired that tho deceased husband of the artful peasant woman had charged her in his will to sell his dog and his horse. Tho prico of tho dog was to be hers, and that of the horse she was to pay over to his family. Tuts took place at Coutances, in the north of France, last week. " Josey " Darby, the champion distance jumper cf the world, waB the nrinoipal attraction at a Free Gardeners' Fete near Dudley, England, recently, and jumped against the world's three-jumps record (39ft. lin.). He accomplished 41ft. lin. He also jumped against the four jumps record (53ffc. 4in.) lately made by K. M- Johnson, of America, and accomplished SGft. 2in. The champion then jumped against the ten jumps record (120ft. 3in ), which he completely smashed by doing the extraordinary distance of 137ft. 7in., thu3 boating the record by 17ft. 4in. Darby afterwards gave several _ perfor mances, including a jump off a brick (end up) over two borers without knocking tho brick down, a feat which, is decidedly clever. In tho Trickett aud Hanlau race it is safe to Hay few people ever stopped to con sider-on what a more thread at one stage of the game their money rested. But for tho pilot's ( John Bright) shrewd observa tion and timely exclamation, " Come on, you ; the big 'un's beat, the big 'utt's boat," the cattle would have been lost, and the money would all have been in tho soup. A somewhat similar repetition of Jack Bright's advice (opposite the Crab Treo), occurred when Benoh wanted to give up the race with Gaudaur near Thorn- croft's, and asked Tom Green (his pilot) t.o take him into tho cutter. In response Green pnahed Beach's outrigger away from tho how of the cutter, and, pointing to the thoroughly beaten Gaudaur, remarked, " Look at him, he's worso than you are." Thus Tom Green saved fcb,e championship of the world for Australia. E. H. Felling, of the London Athletic Club, must be a wonderful sprinter, indeed. The recent performance of GOOyds in the remarkably fast time of lmin 15 2 5seo speaks well for him. Mr. Steel, thg great English betting man, attended a parish vestry on one occasion, when the parishioners were diBcnssion the building of a wall round their new church-yard. Mr. Steel is said to have opposod the expense in the follow- . ing terms " Gentlemen, I object to the building of thia"ere wall. I look at it like this. Them blocks as is outside don't want to get ih, and them as is ineide can't get out, so I cee no1 call for it." A painful and somewhat serious accident occurred at the EpBom Stables at Hendra (says the Queensland Observer) to tho lad Frederick Archer, a well-known jockey. Aroher, after dressing the racehorBe Sandy Greaves, waB fondling him about the head, when the horse suddenly made a snap at him, and caught him by the under lip, nearly half of which he bit right off. The induced lad was at once driven to Dr. Marks, who stitched tho lip together, and it is hoped that in a week or so the wound will have healed. Thefe will, however, always remain a nasty scar. He was a horseman. He knew a great deal about horses, but not much about pictures. Ho had a horse he wanted put on canvas, and a friend of his took him up to the studio of an artist whose specialty j- waa horses. The painter had ju»t finished j a noble looking roan animal, and the picture wob on the easel. The two horsey men examined it carefully. The man who wonted his horse painted was very critical. He couldn't find much fault apparently, but he was Bfraid if he didn't the artist would take him for a softy, and, as he said, " sock it to him." The painter took out a photograph of the horse and handed it to him for inspection. The horsey man looked at it, and then smiled a conning smile. " You're a daisy," said he. " What do you mean ?" " This is that ere hoas, is it ?" "Certainly ; can't jgou see it ieP" " Look 'ere, that don't do. I'm fly." "Fly ?" "Yas. How could you paint a roan horse from a black one ?" At a Salvation Army meeting ono night, the captain requested a married woman to go up on the platform. With much diffi cult she scrambled up— her figure being elated in a way that women love. When she stood before two congregation, the captain yelled out, "Mrs. Bunker, tell them what tho Lord has done for yon." She did, too. Before sentence was passed on John L' Sullivan, his counsel read a motion for arrest of judgment. . Thi- was overruled, and thereuponhe moved for a new trial, giving nine different grounds in Bupport of hie motion. This was also overruled. A . petition was then presented by the grand and petty juries, asking for clemency on behalf of the prisoner. An addresB to the same effect by counsel followed. Then Sullivan stood up, and with a dignified air addressed the court as follows : — "Your honor, I desire to make a few remarks. I can only ask your clemenoy in the matter. No doubt I have done some thing illegal, but, as my counsel has told you, I was ignorant of the law. I am not so oratorical as the distinguished district attorney or as my counsel on my right who have addressed you, and therefore beg to remain your humble servant." John L. Sullivan then resumed his seat. Hib action' and appeal created intense excitement. 1 "'Deed, but Thady's a good fellow," said the stranger. "He nevor thinks evil of anybody. Did you ever hear of the trick that was played him over the parrot's eggB? No. Well, Thady had got an idea it would he a grand thing to buy some parrot's eggs, and if he epnld get them batched out under a hen they would fetch a good price. 8o he goes to a big bird fancier, and Bays he, r Have you got any parrot's oggs ?' Oh yes, air, says tho fancier, though devil .a parrot's egg had he in the shop. 'Well, let's have half a dozen, and never mind the price,' says T'bady. So the old man goes and fetches out half-a-dozen duck egga and gives Ihem Thady for genuine Polly's. Would you believe it, sir, in a few weeks time back comes Thady. 'Do you mind me sir,' says he, 'do you mind me buying them par'rt's eggs a while ago?? 'Of course I do,' says the dealer: 'Well,' says Thody, 'let me give you a wurrd of advice. Kape your oi on that burrd ! There's a dh-uck vory friendly wid her !' " Daring a thrtoderstorra two dogs that howlod. . dismally at night were struck by lightning." Howling dogd' shbtsid cut tbk» out and paste if m their hate. The eraok English suhatcur ninn«V J. Kibblewhite, of the SprStan Harriers, has succeeded in doing another grand per formance. Running in a fonrmilfl stfTtttoh ; 11 race at the Tuff n ell Park sports on a | ; course ho won without an apparent efiolf I by some 350yde, doing 20min 50 4 53CO. 1 1 . An aristocratic lady went into an iron monger's shop and asked to see some; toilet eot3. The energetic youth in atten dance exhibited several for approval, and the lady remarked that she did not want a , J whole set — she merely required a phtr of I. chambers. "Oh, certainly," replied the' I bloke, " wh-n-a-t size do yon take ?" The J1 . aristocratic female-reported' him to bi3 boss, i and the energetic yeuth received the swop S at once. Wnat prico, Walker ? | E. H. Felling, of tho Danelagh Harriers, the English amateur champion sprinter, won the 300yds handicap from scratch at the ICildare sports in 31 3 fisec. The race took place at the Stamford Bridge track, on which some two years ago G. 0. Wood, '. the London Athletic man, established the 300yds amateur record of 3Hsec. Pelling,- within ten minutes of doing this, ran second in the 120yds handicap, beaten- a foot in 12 l.&aeo;, ho having won his pre liminary heat with ease in the same time, jTho spectators of the lato battle between jj illen and M'Auliffe did not realise how ' ard the gloveB uBed by these ponderous heavy-weights were. All the fighting gloves now used aro of the five- '-xjunce voriety. Men like Dempsey, who has a hand like a lady, take a snug- fitting glove, and the hair padding there- fore_ is a close, high roll, which lessens the punishing power of the mitten. Men like -M'Auliffe and Killen -have hands like hams, and the few ounces of hair padding is distributed over so much space that when the glove is donbled up on the fist it is as hard as a pressed brick. In addition to this the great weight and driving power of the' men's blows tell with damaging effect, bo that one punch given in the recent heavy-weight fight was aa de moralising as twenty administered by lighter men. To this may be attributed the suddenness of Killen's collapse when M'Auliffe' b tremendoua flipper visited his jaw a few times. On Sunday last a very quiet and moral- toned (P) town, not 121 miles from the coally city of Newoastle, waa thrown into a state of intense, hair- bristling exoite- ' ment, and various blood-curdling - and heart- withering rumours went round the town at a rate which would have left Charlie Samuels not a ghost of a show. It seems this town can boast of being the birthplace of premiers at all gomes, boxing, football, cricket, and last, but not; least, premier Bkaters, and is a place where any one ean find a mate, either male or female ; in fact, the place is a veritable Mateland, and this ia the eanse of the trouble, for some indulge in mates too numerous to mention, and when your wife bobs up serenely and unexpectedly in be' boa- room in the afternoon and finds it already occupied it's vory awkward. But how about it when she strikes up an attitude a la Lari Foli, and proceeds on the spot to make sausage-meat of the other lady ? It iB said the woman, not the mar ried one, presented a rather variegated appearance on the Monday following, but she steers round all the same. Further particulars are expected to be given ,on oath. "Vagrant" writes in the maitland Mbbcury.— "Australia is rapidly accu mulating to herself various championships of the world. Searle is the undoubted tip-: top oarsman of the universe, but the Eng lishmen always clung to a fragment of the honour which they called the champion ship of England, and this Neil Mattereon' wrested from George Bnbear a few days ago. Then when Harry Hatohens came to Australia he had for a long time been vainly challenging the world for a match, and in three contests with Charley Samuels, thestblo flyer downed the Putney lad twice, so that if there is any obampion - pedestrian Samuels can lay more claim to the title than anyone else. But -I'm hot saying, mind you, that when Hiftohens was at his best the nigger could beat him: Then Peter JackBon has travelled America without finding a man who had a ghost of a chauce with the mittens on, and even the cyclonic Sullivan fonght shy of him and would not give him a show becanso he - was black. There might not be a heap of difference in their complexions if Peter had had a go at him. Then once more there is our own Maitland native, Paddy Slavin, ready and willing and anxious to take on all customers with or without the gloveB for a big stake ; and from all appearances it seems pretty fair odds that Jackson and Slavin will yet battle for the world's fistic supremacy. Our students, too, are rather more than holding their own in the Eng lish cricket fields, on the river, the running track, % and in wrestling with tho various ologies and iBms which were invented to spoil good Bport and paralyse the brains of their acquaint ances. Altogether we have a very . good showing for a young country, and if one of Mr. White's colts can only succeed in winning the English Derby, Australia aud Australians will simply tie up one hand and fight the world." . Tho " Vag m UBt be a cornstalk, we fanoy." 