FUGITIVE AWTE& «»? Many hard things have been said of the pro- tectionists, but it seems that the representativos of the party in Parliament, at any rate, must be mon of the most amiable disposition, tolerant, eolf donying, disinterested. If the statements of Mr, Lyne at Goulburn, the other day, were correct, tho present Government only oxists upon .sufferance. It is kept in life by the goodwill of the Opposition, who could despatch it at any time, but holds its hand. " When any particular matter is coming before tho House tho Opposition has to get throe or four members to leave for fear of dofoating the Govern- ment." Oh the rarity of that sort of charity under the sun I In an age of doubt the state- ment, if it had not been made at a compli- mentary banquot. might be hard * to believe. But an elemont of credibility was added by Mr. Chanter-" No ono," ho said, " could tell when the blow would be struck at the freetrade party. It might bo within a week, and it might not be for,two orthreo months." The protectionists, then, are amusing themselves after all ; their amiability is that of the cat playing with a captured mouso and allowing it a littlo run before the final and fatal pounce. Cats are amiable creatures, says an old couundrum, parce qu'ils aiment Us souris. * * . * » . . We are often romindod that this is a free oountry. Can it bo that tho habit of brooding over thia faot will explain the great interest that is takon in the question of froo passes by railway ? It ia perhaps a cause for surprise that we have nevor yet hoard at a general election a universal or-y for freo passes as a biithright. It is taking a sordid viow of the caso to talk about the revenue losing £50,000 a year by the issue of free passes ; but what olso could be expected from thoso Commissioners who have per suadod themselves that the railway system is a commercial enterprise, to bo worked on commercial principles, with an eye to profit ? Aro ' suoh men to bo trus od when we are laying the foundations of a great nation, and showing tho way to a wonder- ing world ? But the mistake consists not so muoh in questioning the issue of free passes as in failing to make them the rule, iustoad of tho exception, We should always Btrivo, in the management of public affairs, to lay down broad principios, and aim at simplicity. If everybody were carried free, there would be no excuse for invidious distinctions or for offensive groupings. Mr. M'Millan may be acquitted of any mnlicious intent, but how insonsible to the proprieties ho must have boon in placing in one class the drainers of the revenue, " members of Parliament and the unemployed, including Ministers and corpses." They may all bo deadheads, it is true, but why thus publiolv point out the closeness of tho relations botwoen persons who' otherwise havo so littlo in common P . . . « * That little affair at The Hall, Croydon should bo tho subject of an opio; but it would not be arma virumgue cano, for tho man had the worst of it, and tho victory lay with tho lair box. It would bo hard to overpraise tho oourago, the coolness, tho prompt judgment shown by the defendors of the household. A word may oven bo said for the gallantry of tho burglar, who, instead of making ' himsolf offensively violent, withdraw with all pos siblo expedition. Porhapa it was a display of dis- cretion on his part, as he escaped with only an imprint on the back page, whereas ho might havo gone before the world with a vignette on tho titlo pago or frontispiece If it ho permissible to change tho figuro, it mav bo said thnt ho will probably bo ?_ an object of special interest to his frionda who, Hito himself, are doalers in plate and pial o J goods, for at any time, if his true character and value should be diBCovero I, it will only bo necosi-ary to oxpose the back surface to show that he carries the genuino Hall mark. » * « . » How happy the Premior ia in bia jokcn, oven when they are quotations! What could bo neater j than bia declaration to a temperance deputation of i his belief in " Sir Wilfrid Lawson's advice, which I was that drinkers should bo licensed uccording to their drinking capacity, such as ono-bottlo, two boltle, and three-bottle men, and that each should be ticketed with his capability." In this caso as in many others, whore great discoveries aro made in an unexpected manner, one is struck with wonder at the thought that no one has hit upon so obvious a truth before. The pity is that the Treasurer wai not present to shout Euroka, and danoo around the prostrate form of tho dolioit For hore wo havo the sure method for its extinc- tion. Great principles aro often found to bo capablo of almost indefinite application. Was it Mr. S.nart or Mr. Samuel who proposed to raise revenue from trade licenses in the days of our first deficiency ? The proposal collapsed when it was pointed out that it would bo unjust to subjoct an old woman with an apple at-ll to the sano charge that waa placed upon a Georgo- strect fashionable draper. Semper aquilas waa tho cry, -and the j lic«nso scheme disappeared. But a license on capa- city would bo ess- ntially equitable ; and-lot Mr. M'Millan pondor this-capacity of all kinds could ' bo brought under tho system. To match the one bottle and two-bottlo mon, tliore would he the sand- wich man. the mutton-chop man, the leg-of-mutton man, the square-meal man. Or to go off on other lines, men could bo liconsod and ticketed according , to thoir capability -for talking nonsense, for propagating scandal, for uttoring fibs, for telling storiea of an uncleanly kind. It would be easy to appoint trustworthy gauger?. In some of theso mattors the measure could be taken moat accurately by a committee of exporta, who would readily he found. Modorate charges would yield an enormous revenue if the principle wera honestly applied. No ; it is not the bottle-men only who Bhoutd bo taxed and tickotod. There are in my others whose oapacity if tested would indicate the degreo of their interference with the peace, the comfort, tbe happiness of their neighbours, and with the publio good. But the subjost ia oven too suggestive. Who is not familiar with reports of incapacity in high placea ? That is licensed already. But why not chargo a proportionate license fee ? Tho winning of a badge should bo made compulsory, and the wearer should be made to pay for it . ». * * * . Ono of tho burning questions of tho day is the alleged increase of insanity. From recent statistics it would appear as if every tenth man was a hope loss crank, while the balance of his kind Boomed desirous of following in his footstep'. In an Engli.-h lunatic as.lum some yeais ago a mild looking man might havo been observed chained to a ring in the wall, while a col ar round his neck pre- vented him from keeping tho morning sun out of his eyes. Asked what brought him there, he methodically -replied,-"I thought the world was mad, and it thought I was. It was stronger than I. That account b for tho drag, chain, and the collar." But as things are going tho timo can- not be distant whon sane men will think the world mad, and be corroot in their opinion. From the united States comes the news that tho increase in the number of maniacs is becoming a national danger. The two chief reasons given for this melancholy leaning towards lighthoadedness aro (1) the large foreign immigration, many of the frosh minda becoming addled by the chango ; (2) the lessening of the mad death-rate through the more humane treatment of the insane. Regarding the foreigners, the question naturally arises whether, on landing in Amoiica and observing the triumph of domocraoy, they bocamo daft for not coming sooner, or for comiog at all. Again, if tho oiled of humanity is to gradually chango an industrious community into an assemblage of -dancing der- vishes, the soonor the humanitarians are tied to rings and fitted with collars tho belter. . . * » * lu connection with the foregoing paragraph, and following oloae on the. stone conviot of Orange, comes the news that an insane woman ia at large near Kiama. It is no ghost ihis time-no sub- jective hallucination arising from sour apples and buttermilk-but a roal lady. Tho police describe her as young, tall, and dapper, with dark hair and a cotton umbrella. Her special type of aberration appears to consist of a desire to ohase children home from Behool. From the gloomy fastnesses of the forest primeval she emerges with a whoop when she observes the bush infanta dawd- ling over quondongs or loitering at scotch-hop. And yet before this poor dementod creature there ia a career of usefulness, had abo but the wit to know it, that would make her a blessing to parents and teachers. If sho cuuld only bo taught to come behind the ree ones with a shriek as they were on their way to school, or fall upon them with a yell as they were " wagging it," promotion could not long bo denied the mnater, if only for tho punctuality and regularity of his little charges. . . « . * In one sense, of coarBo, every locomotivo is pur- sued by the carriages attached to it whon travel- ling. This pursuit is the logical outcome of the engine's being fixed at the head of the train. But it íb not often that the rear cara of a long train, loft behind for temporary oonvonionce. talto it upon themsolves to chase their recent companions over league» of country, and overtake thom at last. Suoh, however, was the case in Victoria tho other day, Tho far-eeoing engino-driver, having hauled about 1-5 waggona to the top of a hill, left the half of them there while ho slipped leisurely down with the moiety. It did not occur to him, apparently, that if an engino could pull thom to the top at a walk, it could bo safoly dopendod on to load them to the bottom like a blizzard. Dreadful people tboso Victorians for trying experiments ! Somo of thoBo days one of thom '11 rip up a bellows to see whore the wind comes from. So, leisurely down the slope carno thia engineer whiatling with pure lighthoartodne^s till he heard a noise behind that caused him to shovel on coals Uko mad, and close all valves in order to give his locomotivo fair play. It was tho dis- engaged carriages that had brokon away from the summit, and now pursued him with the viudictivo nes. of a slighted woman. Down thoy carno with a rattle and a whiz that made the palpitating air shriek in uncanny unison and filled tho stoker's mouth with his heart A commonplace driver would havo stolidly kept ahead with just enough speed to allow o' tho detached cars reaching him by degreos. But this omployao waa not commonplace, ho was clever; so ho bored into ' the night like a meteor, whilo the waggons yoked to him passod most of the time in the air. * . * * . Queensland, for all ita population is so small, is detsrminod to keep well to tho front in novoltio*. In Brisbane a fow days ago Alfred Anderson, a gunner in tbe permanent force, waa brought up for breaking into barracks. It would nppoar that whon a man enlists in Queonaland ho enorilieos all hia personal liberty and becomes a moro simulacrum. It Booms to bo all one whethor ho breaks out of his bed or breaks into it Ab the gatos were probably cloaod when Gunner Anderson wished to retire for the night, thoro wore but two courses open to him-to knock at the, wiolcot or to Boalo tho wall. Tho first would have been madnes«, as any old soldier knowe. The knocking would inevitably end in a plank couch and a wooden pillow. It is difficult to see what course except oacalading was open to Anderson if ho wished to enjoy a good night's rost at all. At Aldershot and the Curragh breaking out of camp waa a vory common offence. Tho mon used to make dummies of their pillows, pouches, rifles, and 1 shoots, wrap thom qpsily in tho blankets, and then 1 divo into tho night for enjoyment. Should tho I provost and his myrmUoiiB moot thom tho enjoy- ment consisted of being stripped with ono haud to a saddle and brought back with the speed of a typhoon. Then there was that dreary tête-à-tête with the colonol in the morning. But, breaking into barraoks ! Hurrah for Quoonsland t 