BEATTIE'S APPARITION. THE city was creeping up that way ; there was no manner of doubt about that. Indeed, why should one say it was steeping upt It had crept up already. To be sure, there were lone blocks here and there as yet, defined solely by a line of curbstones, intersected at right angles by unpaved roads, that, after rains, turned into canals of oozing mud, and bestrewed over their quadrangular; expanse with ejected tomato cans, old shoes and suph rubbish generally as habitually tenants - those waste surbur ban spaces given over to the frolic some goat-blocks, in short, which a belated wayfarer ia the vicinity of the park would be apt to pass through at a more or less rapid pace after 10 o'clock at night. But other blocks again were, always with gaps of empty lots between, what one might call built up. A semi-rural mode of life obtained with the inhabit ants, somft of whom kept a taw chiokens in their yards. Many of these houses were divided into flats, and the separate dwellings brought low rents as yet. It was « refuge within city limits for busi ness den who had failed honorably, not being quite abreast of the progressive spirit of the times, and for unambitious young people beginning life-of these there were not many. Now, a'number of these houses-in fact whole rows here and there in the the vicinttf--were owned by Timothy Bjpokney.'t ittd it has been said that they brought Comparatively low rents. Nevertlrams Timothy wu well con tent. Hs*-knew that the rente would in crease by and by. And he held on to his property *nd dreamed dreams of the futttQB when it would make him many ^bjptw'^niillionaire. This" prospective millionaire, with now more money in his coffers than any one knew, lived in a two-story white frame house whose rear yard was oon-' tingent to thfc rear of some of those very houses "ftwned by him. No one ever saw the inside of that two-story frame dwelling for the simple reason that Timothy had no friends, relatives, or acquaintaqjjBs. He had a daughter, to besure-a young plump and black eyed thing, with long, demure lashes, who occasionally appeared at the door when a tinman camearound to negoitate exchanges of old bottles and rags. But Timothy evidently intended to keep his Bertha's clmrms safely away from the convetous eyes of gallants. The women of the neighborhood-for instance, the undertaker's wife across the lot-were quite uware that black eyed Bertha never had a new frock from year's end to year's end; 110, "nor ti new bunnit, neither." Well, Timothy was a pitiless and pitiful old miser; there was no question of tluit. And, seeing that he was pro gressing in yours, lie hud commenced to realize, mark and repent of the evil of his course. But it is safe to surmise that his conscience hud given him no uneasi ness of any sort this long time past. His digestion was us satisfactory as thut of an ostrich, and his thoughts were pleasantly occupied with airy or arduous computations, as the case might be, day in day out. When the stomach and the brain are thus in good condition it is as tonishing how little place there remains for conscience in all the human mechan ism. However, one hot night in June Tim othy came home not feeling quite so well as usual. The day had been sultry and he had walked about a great deal in the busy marts of commerce down town and in the sun. He hod a headache and it made him cross. But after Bertha had gotten him his supper, and he had no appetite for it, these novel pheno mena made him pensive instead. He went out in his back yard and sat down on an overturned barrel and be gan to breathe the evening air. It was heavy, and compounded of many local and indigenous odors, not all of them pleasant. On one side there was « gap in the wooden rails «f the fence. That gap opened out upon several empty corner lots, rooky in places, and gave an uuinterrupted view of the ghastly undertaker's emblem by the side of that functionary's dwelling, diagonally across across on the next street. Timothy oould not see it this evening. It' was too dark. But he knew it was - there, and the knowledge somehow was un comfortable. A more agreeable object of contempla tion presented itself in the row of buildings before him, the row which, re ; presented a portion of hi» possessions. But his mind seemed determined to take a new course this evening. His i thoughts, starting from the row; of i buildings, began to travel backward over j the years gone by, and the first aoquisi I tions which had marked them. For the j first time in-Lord !. bow rnahy yearst I -he thought of Beattie. , Now there | was no denying that the first of hii good luok had begun with his. aoquaint anoe with JJeattie. Beattie had given ;him a great deal of good advioe. ?. Yes, (and he was very sorry that things 'turned out just as (bey did with regard ! to Beattie. Very sorry. But « man jhasto'look out for himself. Timothy I now repeated that assertion to himself rising in rebellion against this suddenly resurreoted pant; of guilty oonsdenoe; j repeated it with. heat. Some people , might say that be had ruined Beattie Beattie, who had been his firat friend and left him to die in the poorhouae; but he, Timothy Pinckney, < would always standup.andsay that a man must look out for himself first. Must look out for -himself In the excitement of these unexpected retrospective memories, .Timothy,, .wild had been sitting there in' the pnre night mush longer than hefcnew, raised up his hand to bring itdown with emphasis on his knee. Jt l remained arrested in midair. : Atromhling . seised:.ifcl< The trembling oommumqated itself to all his his body* A odd sweat beaded' his brow. His heart left its normal >Maoe and began to thump and flutteriiombly1 in his throat. In a moment more oxoess i of terror gave him a frantic power of j locomotion, succeeding upon the fimt interval of paralysis, and he burst head ilong into the kitchen, startling.Bertha jinto dropping a pan she held fUaA.cavi ling her to orolilim, as die beMdd his ! blanched visage: -i j "Good laud o' mercy, father 1 What ; is tlie matter!" . " I've seen a ghost," he said. June went and July oame, and with it days more sultry and night* more oppressively flavoured with the odors from the bone factories across the i river. ? The plump and blaok eyed Bertha, .poor child, would doubtless have liked to participate in that social life which i distributed itself over open thresholds iand upon friendly ourbatoms these ] breathless nights. But no such innooent ?delights were comprised in Timothy' jPinokney's system of discipline. He ibelieved himself in early hours, as being jan econbmy in light, and six nights out of the seven saw 'him already in his i (room and in his bed before the last lin igering rays o( the vernal twilight had [quite faded out of the sky, expecting, of course, like regularity of hours from his. daughter. Therefore, returning home on one occasion unusually late-the bells df an .episcopal chapel a few blocks distant 'had juBt struck 11--his ready wrath was kindled by seeing a feeble ray filtering lout from one of the windows on, the ground floor as he approached his bouse. ;It disappeared immediately again,-and 'Timothy supposed-that was the \pay with these girls-that Bertha had gn»wi» .nervous.ana crept down and then into the back of the house, the kitoheaj there 'to wait for his return. : In oooordsnoe with this supposition, instead of applying ihis latch key to the front door he made a detour by the side of the house and :oame out by the broken fenoe surround ing the yard. There had been » good many heavy clouds obstructing the moonlight, so that the night was rather 'dark. But at that moment the orb Bhone forth with a sudden silvery splendor, and Timothy distinctly saw some one-something-dart . rapidly across the vard. Now, Timothy had well nigli for gotten the occurrence of that other memorable night. For a. few days (though lie hud never tolerated an allp sion to it from Bertlia, after tlint one moment of horror) he hod been haunted with an abiding terror, which every now and then Bent the cold perspiration running down his bock. But tlmt had worn off, and he had recently only looked baok upon what had happened then as upon a hallucination which had come of his over-heated blood and overtaxed nerves, his general indisposition; promising him self, grimly, that if ever he wrought himself up thinking of Beattie and all that dead business again, buried long ngo-well, he would know it! But all this elaborate and defiant philosophy sank together lika u liuap of ashes when he saw that shadow cross his yard. His knees shook and his hands trembled. He stood still, with his arteries pounding wildly and his eyes staring into the yard, whioh the moon, now veiled' once more, only illuminated in a faint and ghostly way. Then he saw a ray of light shine out from the kitchen window. To make one dash for that beoame his only in stinct. To stand then a second longer became unbearable. He moved and passed through the gap in the fence. He took a few stops. Something moved in front of him. He wanted to cry out, but his tongue seemed glued to the roof of his month. Again a sudden burst ef moonlight And this time no mistake, no delusion possible. Four Bteps in front of him, turning a ghastly white face upon him, rooted to the spot, EtoOd Beattie! Beattie, as he had stolen up to the gap in the fence that other'night, pressed his face through it and gazed at hind with hiB distended eyeB, and vanished I Alow cry of horror came from the house. The kitchen door had been opened : Bertha stood upon the thres hold. One second she stood, then rite glided forward and passed the apparition and threw herself on her father's breast. " Father,!father I Oh don't jook so awr fully I Say, something , " Sir-Mr. Pinokney," said the appari tion, instead, and, for an apparition, it had a wonderfully autatautial voice, though one that trembled and quaked. " I can explain everything if you will let me." - ' ? 1 1 "Yes, yes; he can explain everything," repeated Bertha; hysterically. ?' ? ? "Yes, air 1 Explain, ! Explain!"thun dered Timothy Pinckney, in tramtindotis tones. " Who Me you, sir f Trespassing in my yard at this tipip ofnjght 1" .' Mr. Pinckney, my tia^ie is " Beattie t limit sir I Go ,on." "And-and-*nd-Mr. Pincknajr, I -I-I love Stcrtha flnd Bertha loves me." "The devil &e; " Look hens yonpft man, if Cm pot mistaken, I used to knowjrour father" "Oh, father," moaned Miss Bertha : . " Don't be a fool,!|w}d the Aid qipn sharply to his offspring.' 'ftienr-"Comp in, both of you." ,'' . ' When tbB trembling culprit* ,-«tpod under the dlmWht plthe' tatlow *dok in the kitchen, llmotyiy. toiled poa over with lyax '|wp^r his beetle brows. " Hun^BT'TorWETSSElo awfully going on under my noset" " We've been .keepin' oompany, since last wirttta'/'tfr; Pifokne}',' ftndlfertha promised to many me then. Only as you were kinder appomdtt her meetin' young men, fqctp^ kj$t ^tguiet, and Bertha, she used to oome out in the r&wduBtbaid;* 5,1 " ??..y-'l " While Vob'dnnk aWjundilfc Hktoe, j «»?.? ' '. 1 ?: '?[ . . \- '^Oh^rth^l^ ??1 Yoiigoteioughto mbpMta q "Yds,1 mH ni prolidly frtrai the' pectant bridegrooiih 11 " Well, you can have her." ?. 1 ?' ril: M * :lf "# .. '. . . "Ob^'fether," said Berthage taint utes latfr, as farther iihd danght& gWnbd -whattaade yon look so r/rttSul trhtoti |ou saw Beattie standing in thbyMtfl You looked mdst-^-lnost as frightened W he did 1" ' - . " i . " Hold yonr tongue and mind' yotfr business, will you f "said Timothy. ' And hedammed his bedroom dooiv : -He is stitlacbumulifting androNtngtip his gains, and neither hU' ocraibience febr Beattie have troubled this tough old man since. !> 