THE POET'S CORNER. TuE Editor li always ready to receive origialt iKetlcul csloni, whivch will bo publlshed whon suitable. It ib dcsirod to cultate the gift, and rendr this doutrtmucnt of the pLper as Iatfrestinslg a possiblo. SPOKEN IN ANGER. S ----- " Tws but a little word il anger spoken; While proud cyes flashed through bitter, .burning tears; But oh, I felt that fatal word hlol broken The corn of love that bound our hearts . for yoprs. The tortured face, that long, wild look of sorrow, i Like 'ron' pile ghost, must haunt me S while I live; And yet, how bright, how full of joy the morrow, Had I but breathed one simple word " Forgive !" I did not hear the endelcr voice appenling, Nor moarked thy auguish when I cried, " Dleprt!" Too blind to see thy pitying glauce. revieal ing , Tlie generous promptiigs of thy nloble heart. Ho6w could :ktnow that faithful helirt was yearning, .: Though crushed and wounded to its in. most core, To take me back, like a weary bird returni ing, In fear and trembling, when the storm is o'er. " Remember, love, that it may be forever; To see my face io 0more by night or day. Be calmn, rash leoart,. think well before we ' sever,' ' ' Recall the angry wontl and bill me stay." Dead silence fell; tile sog-birds hulshed their singing. " Enough," I proudly cried, " I cliose ily fate." While even tlrough my maddened raill kept ringing . Til leathl.knell of my love-too late, too late! " Forgive, forgive," I wailed, the wild tears streaming , As, 'mid tile lonlillgtreet,, I ,toltnl alon ; " Loye, let thy kises wake llle from ilty dreaminlg." Thy lleading voice, thy tortured face, was golle. That angry word, I may recall if never; For o'er thy nalrow gtve ranlk weeds have grown. "Remember, love, that it may be forever." Alh, wonlrd prophetic! love, had I b!t knlows ! My locks are gray, mty eye anr dim, with .The face once.loved by tleou no longer , fair! lieneath" tile daisim s thou art calmly sleeping ; There a ]oieo woman ofteln kneels in prayer. Al! sweetheart mlline, thou art so lowly lyia", Thou cnmll t nIt hear filhe earful voice a' llx .ie, That with the light wind evermore is Aigh ing, • I spoke ihitngeri ('1, forgive me, love!" 