FOR MONEY OR FOR LOVE. By MOSA OIBD, Author of " MorriaRe," " Ideal Marriage," " 'l'be Wing cf Azrael," " Whom Nature Leadfctn, : ' " One That Wins," &c.; CHAPTER I. " The handsomest n;ajj i ever saw, and one of the cleverest. 1 shall be surprised if that fellow does not make his mark in the world !" "Nonsense! he wont; he's dressed top,: well," was the quoted response of a middle- i Eged woman, who could not herself have i pleaded innocent to the accusation which she had juBt hurled at the subject of discussion. Gilbert Thainston, handsomest and cleverest of men, had appeared in a rather sudden manner in London circles, where he was now taking the worl<i t,r storm. He did .everything well: talbc-i \vtll, dined well, played billiards well, bijo iuet, but not least, looked well. He felt, und rightly (as his distinguished- looking, white-haired critic, said), that charity beeins at horned " Who is he ?" people used to ask; but the answer to the question was never very explicit. Not, indeed, that there was any romantic mystery hanging over him; Miss Tapley,' the loud-voiced, excitable, good-natured, hostess of the evening was said to know all about bis family; but he $eemed, nevertheless, to hold & sort of meteoric position among constellations of fixed Btars, AB far as'appearances went he - was wealthy. Mrs. Jardine always became silent when people spoke about his wealth. " I never met any one less easy to dazzle or convince than yon are, Margaret," said the first speaker, with a laugh, as be threw his vast bulk into an easy chair by his 'cousin's side, and ^looked, on with good-natured amusement at the throng of people surging round them. "And I, John Douglas," returned Mrs. Jardine, with a scarcely pBroeptible move-, mentof the eyelids, which seemed to draw them together and slightly veil the eyes, "never encountered a man who would more easily take a lucifer-match, lighted sharply and pretentiously under his nose, for the radiance of the orb of day!" "You have some prejudice against the man," said John Douglas, whose- gretf size and transparent honesty always acted upon his interlocutor as a sort of appeal — shq knew not why. She smiled and shook her head. Her truehearted, gigantic, rawboned Scottish kinsman always sooner or later disarmed her cynicism, rampant as it was. The man was a sort of natural solvent to allforms of cynicism, uncharity, and hard- neBB of judgment. Though so free from guile, however, there was a quaint northern shrewdness in his composition, wherein hereditary pride of family also took a prominent place. The honest, simple, unthinking nature of the man even gave- to this sentiment a touch -of nobility, which is so foreign to it under ordinary conditions. It took the place of a more intelligent form of self-respect. \- "Poor Miss Tapley is losing her head altogether over her pet lion," said Mrs. Jardine, as she watohed the effusive hostess, beleaguering her guest, revolving round him,, cutting off his escape, pursuing him with fevered entreaties to . sing, to dance, to' recite, to tell some of his delightful stories, to take a lady to have some refreshment, to have some refreshment himself. - " Ah! now you come within my compass at last," said. Mr. Thainston in calm and measured tones and gravely curling his black moustache. "You have a trick of overrating my abilities which at once flatters and embarrasses me." Miss Tapley laughed wildly, creating a general impression of shrill clamour which made Mr. Thainston's eyebrows contract. "Lack of classic restraint," was his criticism on the too enthusiastic lady, whose body seemed in perpetual movement; head, arms, bands, devoted, withont rest, to incoherent gesture. "Emotional windmill, greatly agitated," said a rather small young man, with dark ' eyes and moustache, who was staading by, and who addressed Thainston in a tone implying intimacy. Thainston gave a slight smile without disarr&nglnKa; feature, an accomplishment in which he excelled. 4 1 i think Bhe fe going to marry you," pur- sued Stewart Pember, pensively. " Do yoa?" said Thainston. " Why ?" " Because she loves you." "Enchanting old windmill!" exclaimed Thainston. Again he gave his undistnrbing smile. " If she wouldn't shriek so I might do worse. She'd pay one's debtB and think it a privilege. I wonder if she is curable." " Consumption might - do it," returned Pember, not encouragingly. " She looks fatally healthy," said Thainston. " Do you know who the red-haired giant is, sitting in the comer of the room, beside a woman in grey, with lace—good lace that!—clever woman tco!" " Yes, that's John Douglas—has a property scmewhere in the South of Scotland—very fine, I believe—one of the old Scottish bordertowers, with a history and a respectable sufficiency of ghosts. He has one sistercharming girl—if he dies without heirs she ccmes in tor the property. There's another chance for you, Gilbert. He has asked me to go and shoot with him next month. I'll introduce you. Drat it (the expression is classical English, believe me), if a fellow like yoa can't pall through his little difficulties, ote might as well be indistineuishably commonplace, and fling away ambition and the fretting anxieties attendant on dazzling beauty. Look, there's Miss Douglas!" Thainston's keen eyes were already following the movements of a graoeful, fair-haired girl, who was entering the room on the arm of MisB Tapley's nephew, Captain Sullivan. A change had taken place in Thainston's face difficult to describe. He seemed to have drawn in his breath, and to be waiting as if (for the giving of an important verdict.- MIss Douglas had a peculiar reserve and yet lightness of movement, sufficient almost by itself to indicate the gentle uncanssious nobility that the face revealed as soon as one met the glance of the Bimple eyes. An anmistakeable refinement of nature Bpoke in every look and tone. She was ethereally pale, and her hair, which was taken np softly from her forehead, was so extremely fur that it almost had the effect of being powdered. The features were delicate and the face was thin, the large, gentle, beautifully Bhaped eyes ruling over it as a spirit rules its tenement. A certain austerity whiohthe type of face suggested was softened by the brightness and courtesy of the girl's manner. She gave a smiling reception to Stewart Pember's friend, and when Pember went to talk to Beatrice Sullivan, Miss Tapley's pretty fairhaired niece, Evelyn Douglas and her companion found no difficulty in exchanging ideas, tbough Thainston remained by her side, oblivious of everytning around him, for more than an hour. He was a man who always knew his own mind, and never took long either to make it up or act npon the conclusion ik hen made. Before the close of that evening he knew, without the shadow of a doubt, that he was desperately, feverishly, in love with Evelyn Donglas, and that he intended to marry her by hooa or by crookprobably by crook, as he said. Her limpid, trustful spirit exhaled from her an aroma; her delicate exquisiteness appealed overwhelmingly to the cultivated taste of the man; every nerve was touched with pleasure, every perception — subtly critical as it was—save back an enthusiastic verdict. She was a woman in whom a man's love and pride might find eternal eratifica tion. " 1 am going to be married," said Thainston as he and Stewart Pember tramped home through the wet deserted streets to their rooms near St, James's Palace. "Indeed 1" returned his friend; "any date fixed?" " That Miss Douglass will fix later." "Ah! very good. How did yon get on with her brother? She introduced you, didn't she?" " Yes, he came up and disturbed us, hang him i Or rather hang the woman who was with him, for I am sure she pnt him up to it, I didn't get on with her at all. She will oppose me tooth and nail. I can see it in her eye. Well, I am ready for the fight, madam. The prize iB worth it." "I don't want to discourage you," said Pember, in a cogitative tone, " bnt I think the fight will be a tough one. The red- haired giant, who seems so easy-going, will not be particularly pleasant to deal with when it comes to a question of marrying into his bloodthirsty old family. He iB devoted to his sister, and dreads her marrying and leaving him alsne in his fortress—which is more than natural. I noticed he was hovering round Clara Tapley to-night a good deal; if he were to fall in love himself be would be infinitely more manageable, partly through absence of mind, partly through a fellowfeeling. I think we might set Miss Tapley on to make a match of it. Happy thought! She ehall polish you both off together—you and Evelyn Douglas, John and Clara. The old lady will shriek herself hoarse with delight !" " But in case of Douglas marrying," Thainston eaid, slowly, "Miss Douglas would lose the succession on her brother's death." " True, old mole! Really, for a man in love yra are creditably wide awake. Perhaps we had better drop the Clara Tapley business. If you and your wife were to live at Csij-nsmuir after your marriage he would be quite satisfied, granted that you can convince him that one who does not belong to a ScottiBh clan iB ' a man for a' that,'" When the two friends had mounted the stairs and reached their luxurious rooms they proceeded to take their final smoke before the great fireplaco, each ensconsed in a superlatively easy caair. 1'hauiBi.on fell into a thoughtful mood, from which hiB friend found it difficult to rouse him. Evelyn's face wo ft before him still, her soft eyes looking into his. Every little detail of her attitude and dress returned to him vividly, and he could hear tbe full tones of her voice —that voice which eome mysterious law of nature allots to those women only whose character, whether good or bad, is drawn on a lame scale. "Why so gloomy?" enquired Stewart Pember, indistinctly, between two pnffs of his cigar. "Oh, hang it all—my position of course!" growled Thainston glancing round the room. " How long shall I have a roof over my head or a chair to sit on ?" _ "' All flesh is grass," said Pember. " Life .is a tale told by an idiot—* vanity of vanities, alii is vanity,' yet your vanity^ is aa good as any other man's vanity—nothing exceptional in; your case. Miss Douglas has a small income of her own, and - if this marriage comes off—" Thainston got np and walked to the window. The blinds were not drawn, and he could see the dark glistening street, and the lamps at intervals mapping its course down hill towards the palace. It was characteristic of Thainston that from hiB intimate friend and companion he had concealed the most iqirportant and disastrous part of bis affairs, and concealed the fact of the concealment. 1 *'Pigheaded brute—the brother!" he ^aid, coming back to his seat. "Tee, bnt manageable if yon can get him on his right side. The sister can turn him round her finger." "The giri is marvellous," exclaimed Thainston, -with a startling burst of passion. "Go on," urged Pember; "divine, exquisite, adorable. Don't mind me." "I don't," said Thainston; "she is all that and more. If she knew the sort of man lam." "If she is anything like a true woman she will not core." Again the limitation of Pember's knowledge made his consolation miss fire. " Then for the first time in your life yon are in earnest aboat this?' the friend pursued. " Most terribly in earnest." • Pember studied his companion, steadily smoking all the time. Then he took his cigar out of his mouth and said, " For money, Gilbert, or for love f But Gilbert did not answer that question, • « . * * * * * Sharp, indeed, was the struggle. The combatants placed themselves in battle array and fought like heroes. For a long time John Douglas failed to realize the position, and; it was not until be found that his sister had fallen deeply in love with her audacious suitor that he began to tako the matter seriously. Pember worked hard for his friend, and enlisted the sympathies of-Miss Tapley, who simply yelled with enthusiasm. . There never was such a charming, accomplished, handsome, well-connected creatore as Gilbert ThainBton. He adored Evelyn, and poor Evelyn was visibly pining under the opposition of her brother and Mrs. Jardine, whose prejudice against the dear fellow was most absurd and oncharitable. Mrs. Jardine regarded herself, in the light of'a protector to the brother aud sister, notwithstanding that John was not many years her junior. She reasoned with Evelyn long and earnestly on the subject of her infatuation for a mere adventurer, aB she caUed him, but to no purpose. Evelyn believed in him, admired him, worshiped him. She, too, had Bome of the family obstinacy, and Mrs. Jardine felt that the cause was lost. She shook her head in despair. "John," Bhesaid, "I could weep for the calamity that has befallen your house. Your beautiful old home, where for centuries brave, honeBt men have ruled, must open its doors to ah alien—a man without family, habitation, or tradition, a mere ad venturer— it is sacrilege! The towers of Calrnamuir will surely hang their heads for very shame! - I shall expect to see thi>ir stern strength orumbling from this day!" CHAPTER IL Year in, year out, the sunshine tried in ' vain to shed its light "upon the damp-stained walls of Cairnsmuir Castle. A few Btray beams, checkered by the shadow of moving leaves, might rest npon its southern side at mid-day, but these would shortly fade, and the Bhaaes creep back across the deep-set windows, and half obscure the wicked faoes of the imps and demons carved in mouldering stone, that spouted water from the roofs in rainy weather, or in rare cloudless days of summer craned their long thin necks to grin a jeer with horrible grimaces at the world below. At first sight one might fancy thevaBt old pile was tenantleBB, -sb still and stagnant was the place, with its thick, neglected growth of trees, and the Btealthy flow of the river tar beneath. Full of romantic yet melanoholy associations it stood grandly, and—in spite of Mrs. Jardine's prophecy—still proudly:the thick walled old stronghold that, had weathered rain and storm for so many centurieo ! _ . In one of the narrow windows that pierced at capricious intervals the castle walls, one now might catch a gleam of firelight, so bright and cheery that the sound of crackling logs seemed almost to reach one nearly two hundred feet below. Sometimes a figure all in white passed the window, and dived again into the depths of the fire-lit room. Well might one fancy it some ghost of bride or maiden, some bright flower of the stern old Scottish stock revisiting the scenes of long-foreotten lives. Again the delicate face appeared at the window, and remained there looking out. A large tree that grew againBt tbe side of the stronghold, whereby a Bad tale hung, gave a vast sigh aB the river breeze stole up and stirred ics leaves. Presently, as another figure stole into the recess, Evelyn Thainston turned and was caught, in a passionate embrace. Her husband held her at arm's length, to admire her in her bridal drees of gleaming satin, wom again tonight for the first time since she wore it on her wedding-day scarcely a month ago ! "How beautiful you are!" he cried proudly: " how perfeot and how marvellous ! Yes—it is worth while; it is quite worth while." The last words were mut tered to himself. He touched her on the forehead softlv and laid his hand on her hair, which was like a light- pierced mist crowning her beautiful head. " And what shall I say of you in return for these pretty compliments ?" she asked, laughing and blushing. " Come, we must not stay here admiring one another," he returned, smiling, yet with a strange look of anxiety in his face; " the people are assembling, and you ought to be down to assist yoar brother to reoeive them." They passed together from the room, hand locked in hand. The house was full to-night, for it was an eventful occasion. Many of the neighbours who lived too far off to return to their homes —Miss Tapley and her nieces among them— were sleeping at the Castle; and there was, besides, a large shooting party—Stewart Pember of tbe number—and other visitors, to celebrate the homecoming of the young couple. The affair once Irrevocably settled, John Douglss had determined to make the best of it; his sister's husband was already in his eyes a very, different person from Gilbert Thainston, and he did his utmost to seem cordial. Bat Thainston felt that Douglas always regarded the marriage as a family calamity, and be never ceased to harbour a bitter resentment for this offence, and restless though vague desire of revenge. Evelyn, whose endeavours to establish more cordial relations between her husband and brother had entirely failed, looked forward with some anxiety to having the two men living under one roof, ThainBton had an instinctive dislike to any one so limpid ly straightforward as Douglas, while the honest Scotchman oonld not feel comfortable among the confased lights and mysteries ot a mind like that of his brother-in-law. Mrs. Jardine shrugged her shoalderB sadly. " As well expect the lion to lie down with the lamb! I look for nothing but misfortune for Cairnsmuir from this time forth!" Miss Tapley's screams were heard outside in the hall before Evelyn and her husband entered, just as the noisy summons of the dinner-gong brought the people trooping in. They had come here to-night with a prejud ce against the bridegroom; but Evelyn could see with pride and joy that it began to melt away before the power of his brilliant personality. He had infinite tact, infinite cleverness. _ He talked to the right peoole about the right things ; was sound and conservative just where he ought to be sound and conservative; a little bold and enterprising juBt where the ground was safe for snch adventures. He felt that he carried all before him in an easy triumph; his admirers were many, his critics few. The good country people, not accustomed to spend Buch an amusing evening, were, for the time at any rate, carried away. The dinner went off with singular idit. There was a flash of electrical sympathy across and across the table, as rare as it was delightful; and every one knew who was the author of the unusual brilliance. Evelvn caught and flung further the darting snake-like talk, iridescent as fish's scales, that issued with veritable serpentine coilings from her husband's powerful brain. . His metallic force of intellect struck the spark that set in unaccustomed blaze these minds of laxer fibre till the heaviest among them felt himself anew-born wit 2 I Nor did the retiring of the ladies to the drawing room break the spelL When, shortly afterwards, the rest of the party followed them tbe honrs passed as brilliantly and BB pleasantly as ever, and far too swiftly to please the youuger members of the company. Yet the cause of all this unwonted excitement wore at times a furtive look of watchfulness, almost of fear. Stewart Pember studied him with uneasy wonder. They hid' not met until to-day since the marriage, and it struck Pember that Thainston's face ia repose looked drawn and haggard. Some of the peoplis strolled out by the river side after dinner, wending their way down to the little bridge, or even wandering aa far as the moat which encircled some ruins at about a mile distant, from which a curious ring of mist was rising stealthily in the evening light. "Yon don't look well, Gilbert," said his friend. " What's the matter? Surely your anxieties are over now." " Over!" he cried, savagely, ticking a great stone which had fallen from the battlements on to the narrow moatside pathway, into the water, "they had never begun in earnest till now, A year ago I would not have cared very much if the worst had come to the worst; now 1 have everything to lose." His features were working painfallv. "She believes in me in spite of them all—sho cares-- for me; she conld redeem me from the pit of bell if she would jost hold out her hand and call my name; if there is such a place aB heaven she, and she only can open thq gateB for me. I am like a drowning man brought gasping to land, if this threat is carried ont —do you Bee?—the gasping wretch is flung • back into the waters to finish bis drowning, just when he would sell hie soul for a longer draught of life!" " It is Strang* to see you nnder the influence of a new passion," aaid Pember; "yon to whom the love of money was at one time all-absorbing. 2 wonder whioh of the two is the stronger and the more lasting. Unless this disclosure is—well, very unpleasant indeed—I would advise yon to take yoar wile-, into yonr confidence and steal a march upon, the enemy." Thainston turned deadly pale. "Impossible ; she would flicg me off—she would hate and despise me." He broke off as if be were - choking, leaning against the side of ^narch-> way, which apparently formed part of the pointed roof of-some old. dining-hall, now choked up with grass and rank weeds. A plant of hemlock grew close to the entrance. Thainston drew hitqself together. " I had better stay "here and suck hetdlock stalks," be said; "or I might try the moat. It looke aB if it were longing for a nice corpse, .How well it would hide one; wouldn't it ?" " If I knew the real nature of your difficulties I might enter into your feeling* more intelligently," suggested Pember. " Read that, then." Thainston to6k a letter f^om his pocket, and handed, it to hie friend." Pember read it Blowly' witb changing faoe, and when he had dope he passed for some gloomy seconds. " You seem to be rpther in a mess. What this disclosure with which he threatens you may be I,' of course, don't know; but einceyou regard it as.impossible to. tell -yopr wife or brother-in-law why can't you raise the money'on yonr wife's prospects?" , . "Good heavens, men! my wife's succession depends upon her brother s dying before her without beirs, and I can't raise much money Oh Inat, as you may suppose! This fellow wants money, nothing more. If I will pay him £10,000 in tho course of two years he offers to give up to me the documents that my happiness or ruin hang .upon, and then I Bhonld be a free man! Bat I need not say the thing is impossible. As soon as- the blow falls 1 must leave the country—my wife; it may not happen for a year, or a month; it may be to-morrow—to-night, perhaps. I hold what I hold from moment to moment^ not knowing when it may be taken from me." "Mr. ThainBton! Mr. Thainston ! Where are you?" The dreaded voice of Miss Tapley came ringing across the water. " Confound that laughing jackasB!" Thainston exclaimed savagely. In anothor m\nufce she had skirted the moat and was upon them. "Come, Mr. Thainston, she olamoured, " you are neglecting your duties shockingly. Every one is going in—it is getting so chilly; and we are all as fiat as pancakes withoat you. You can't think how dull it is." " I con, quite easily," said Thainston shortly. ^ When they reached the house they found that evety one had returned to the drawingroom. " I have just rescued Mr. Thainston from a- horrible cold," cried MisB Tapley. " I. can see by that white chilled look he has that he has had a narrowescape." " It is worth while having a cold in order to get dosed with your delightful blackcurrant mash—what ie it you call it ?" said Pember, in order to draw attention from hia friend. " What has been going on in our absence ?" [havebeen trying," eaid Clara Tapley, " to persuade Mr. DouglaB to finish a story he was telling me at dinner about that old tree that grows beside the caBtle wall on the riverside." "Youmean the Dale-tree," said Doagias, bending towards her. "The tradition goea that some fellow who was running away with the wife of one of the Donglases oat of thewindow of the room up there, which we call the grief-chamber, hanged himself upon that: tree beoause the lady fell and was killed aB they were escaping. From that comes thename; Dale, or Grief Tree." " Then the room you oall the Dale Chamber is the one from which the elopement took place ?-' said Thainston. " Yes, it is in the oldest part of the house* which we do not inhabit." " If you are fond of ghastly storieB, Miss- Tapley," Stewart Pember put in, "that room, would keep you supplied for a thousand and one nights, and curdle your blood and play the' fretful porcupine' with your hair to your heart's centent. Old Buchanan wae regaling, me with some thiB afternoon." "Oh, that delightful old butler; I must make love to bim, and get him to tell bis stories to me. But, Mr. Douglas, won't you- give us some ? Ah! do now." Douglas flushed at her pleading. " Story-telling is not exactly in my line," he said, "but I will do my best There seems to be a sort of colony of ghosts in the- Dule Chamber, if we are to believe all we hear—and every person who sleeps there issaid to be found next morning dead in hia bed, or mad. The last incident on reoord is the disappearance of my namesake, John Douglas, some time in the last century. Ha slept in the room, and in the morning was nowhere to be Been, and from that day to this his fate remains a mystery." " I suppose he got out of the window or up the chimney," said Stewart Pember. "No, because the ohimney had been oovere i with an iron grating, and the windows were fastened in Buch a way aB to prove that they had not been opened during the night; they could not be fastened again from outside." " Then how do you aocount for the disappearance ?" asked the bridegroom. . " We account for it by murder, Mr. Thainston," said Mrs. Jardine. " Nothing more or less romantic than that." "Oh! that's quite enough to please me, I assure yon," he returned. "In olden times," Mrs. Jardine pursued. " it was thought, at least very natural, if not exactly right, to cut the throat of your uncle, or your cousin, who was so unoourteous as to stand in the way of the snooessiou. My notion is that snch crimes were really at the bottom of half the gruesome jghost stones connected With the room. It is noticeable, at any rate, that these grow fewer as we draw near to more civilized times." "No doubt, no doubt," said Douglas; ''a mere question of murder, and so firmly am £ convinced of it that I wouldn't mind sleeping In that room, ghosts, clanking ohainB, and blue lights notwithstanding." - > The Misses Tapley, aunt, ana niece broke into a fit of screaming. _ " I fear you really believe in ghOBts," said Thainston; " a terrible weakness to have to confess to at the end of the nineteenth century." " I think I might cure Miss Clara's temblo weakness," said Douglas, confidently. "What should yon say if I undertook the feat of my ancestors—to sleep in the Dule Chamber and to disappear next morning, leaving thawindows fastened as they are at present, and allowing myself to be locked in from outside of course being left quite alone and not sought for till the breakfast hour on the following day?' " I should say that you were the bravest man I ever met," answered Clara, with feeling. John coloured, and a look of pleasure came into his faoe. " Not much chance of your wife's succeeding to the property, methinks," Pember muttered into Thainston's ear. "Evelyn, will you have the Dule Chamber prepared for me to-night?" said her brother. Mrs. Jardine gave a visible start, _ " Nonsense, John; don't be so ridiculous!' she exclaimed sharply. "How is it ridicubus, Mrs. Jardine?" Thainston esquired. " We shall think you want to get rid of Mr. Douglas!" cried Miss Tapley with rending laughter; " that damp old room is enough to kill him without the help of ghosts or goblins." " Yes, It is a most suspicious circumstance that Mr. Thainston nrges Douglas to risk the horrors of blue firo and headless phantoms," put in a jocular youth of nnbelieving tendencies. The others laughed, and Mrs. Jardine was hoping that the proposal would be forgotten and the conversation led into other channels, when Donglas, whose obstinacy had been roused by her unceremonious opposition, began again to urge his Bister to give ordera for the preparation oi the room. " I am really set npon it/' he said. " A Douglas to the backbone," cried Mrs. Jardine impatiently. " If he says he will do a thins: he will do it, right or wrong, though he dies for it 1" " I can aesure yon I have no notion of dying for it in this case," said Douglas. " I •want to prove to yon all that ghosts respect bone and musole, and allow unbelievers to go unmolested; also that mysterious disappearances can be effected withont the aid of spirits. I shall return to-morrow evening in tune to drees for dinner neither madder nor sorrier than you see me at this moment. There was no gainsaying him. The order waB given, and after the lapse of sufficient time to allow of its being carried out, Douglas led the whole party to examine the room for themselves before locking him in for the night. They streamed across the hall, talking and laughing, the host on ahead held aloft a quaint old lamp to light them up the winding staircase that was situated, after a frequent fashion in old Scottish houses, in a small round tower. There was a slight huBh, and one could hear the ruBtle of silk and the murmur of low talk, as the gay procession wound upwards and passed into the chill of uninhabited regions, lighted solely by that one small oil-lamp carried by the leader. " Here we are," he B&id;, stopping before a door that opened- directly upon the staircase. The key was in this lock; Douglas turned the handle and entered the room, the others crowding in after him in excited silence. It mi large and bare ; Bo much so that the fire burning at the farther end in the great fireplaoe seemed quite unable to enliven its cheerless gloom. . , , "I would not pass the night nere for a kingdom !" cried Clara Tapley. All the girls clung nervously together in -Croups, trying to fancy themselves_ unaffected by the stories they had heard, while the men w*nt about sounding the. walls, peering into ^corners and recesses, and doing their best to discover some secret door or sliding panel by which Douglas's boast might be made good. But all in vain. The sceptical young man suggested that there was some secret ohamber where one could hide, and thus impose upon the oredulity of the simple. "You would be simple indeed if joa Imagine me remaining for a whole day in a secret chamber with nothing to do or to eat," said Douglas; " besides, I told you X should return in time for dinner to-morrow, and if tM door is looked how is that to be done, secret chamber, or no secret ohamber?" Perhaps it has a window you could get out of!" "No." sud Thainston," every window on that side of the castle is aocounted for." "Well, anyhow, I think we had better paste paper over the junotion of the windows and the sashes in this room, so as to make sure he does not esoape that way," suggested tbe sceptic. His proposal was adopted, though every' •me laughed at the precaution, seeing that the windows were 200 feet from the ground. While this was being done, Douglas followed his brother-in-law to the hearth, where iie stood wanning his hands and taking a searching survey of the fireplace and its surroundings. "You need not suppose I get up the chimney," said Douglas, " for there is a strong iron grating at the top, put there we imagine to prevent jackdaws building on it." " I did not give you credit for such enterprise or agility," returned Thainston. "Have you discovered the secret, then? Don't let it out if you have and spoil the fun. I think I bad better explain the whole tbingtoyou,espeoiallya8youseemtohaveyour suspicions already. There is always a possibility of being taken ill, and I believe not a human being exaept myself knows the secret. In ease of any such mishap, you see, it is just on the cardB that I might never be found." The next words were spoken in a lower tone, though the noise going on in the other part of the room rendered suoh precaution unnecessary. A louder burst of talk and laughter made Douglas instinotively ruse his voice -again. "After Buohanan looks the front door to- night take care to unlock it secretly: I shall sleep in my own room as usual after 1 make my eaoape, and get away again before any one Is up. I have business in Glasgow, and shall be glad of the day's holiday from my duties as host. I will leave you to take my place till dinner-time. What's the matter? You look as if you had seen a ghost." Douglas followed the direction of Thain ston's eyeB, which were fixed strangely on vacancy. " No ghost, I assure you." he said, palling himself together with rather a shastly smile," I was looking at the moonlight on the circle of mist that rises from the moat." "Yes, curious effect, isn't it?" said Douglas. Oh! by the way, don't let them sit up smoking very late to-night, or I may be -seen ooming in." Thainston nodded, and the two men walked over to join the rest of the party. "Are you not satisfied yet?" asked Douglas. " Quite satisfied: we can find nothing;" was the unanimous reply. " Then I think you had better turn out. Some one in tbe presence of you all can look me in, and Thainston will take charge of the key." In a minute the room waB cleared, and the ceremony of looldns-in was duly performed. Thainston refused to take the key, saying it should be left in their joint charge, and might be plaoed in an oak cabinet in the hall, ana there sealed up, in case old Buohanan, -the butler, or any one else should turn accomplice. The key, therefore, was solemnly laid in one of the drawers of the cabinet, which was sealed with due care, as Thainston had proposed. " Now," said Evelyn, " I suppose you illregulated men will insist upon your smoke as usual notwithstanding tbe late hour; but I think the reasonable portion of the company had better retire at once." So saying ahe led the ladies upstairs, while her husband conducted the representatives of the ' Ul- iegulated' sex to the smoking-room. " It is far too hot for more than one oigar," he said, "we had better be fresh for our shooting to-morrow." Every one agreed, and the smoking party separated at the end of about half-an-nour. "My dear,"said Mrs. Jardine to Evelyn as they parted for the night,• "I am anxious' ^about John. What a stupid fellow he is! I wish to goodness he were safe in his own room." "Oh ! it's all right," Evelyn replied. "I know all about it. Don't be alarmed." But ehe went off to her own room vaguely disturbed by Mrs. Jardine's words. Seeking her favourite haunt by the deepset window, ehe looked out through the leaves of the Dule-tree upon the river. About a mile from the house stood the ruins whose ocition the moonlight rendered dimly visible Sy shining on the ring of mist above the moat. Evelyn gave a slight start; a thought had struok her. To set her mind quite at rest ahe would go dowi^to the ruins and meet her tbrothpr as he made his escape from the underground passage; Gilbert would certainly not get away from the smoking-room for «s(t least an hour, and there would be plenty of time to return before he did, so that .net-absence would oause him no alarm. Flinging on a dark-coloured cloak, she descended the staircase and crossed the hall, 'finding the front door unlocked. *• Then he means to return to his own room to-night," ahe thought, "and he must have . taken Buohanan into biB confidence, though that seemed very unlikely—an old chatter- . box like him.' Then it struck her that her: brother and her husband had been oonversing apart for some minutes in the Dale-chamber, ,ud she swiftly arrived at the conclusion that Gilbert and not the old butler had been let into the secret. A short walk through a woodland pathway brounht her to the tains, which eke entered, crossing a rough arrangement of logs and planks that took the place of the drawbridge of ancient times. She descended first to a sort of ruined crypt, sup- 1 posed to have been used as an underground chapel, for there were still remains of altars and places for holy water. The moonlight was shining through the , broken roof, repealing vistas of short, thick pillars, with arches interlacing and throwing pall like masses of gloom aoross the uneven floor. Evelyn paused before one particular arch, which the had evidently sought out, for it wa& reached after a rather bewil- . deling journey through twisting passages and silent labyrinths, vaguely lighted through the ruined roof. It was almost choked with weeds, and near the entrsnoe stood a large plant of hemlock, whose every blade and tiniest flower stood out in the white light as if covered with a strong hoar frost. Evelyn waited here for sometime, but finding ft damp and chilly underground she mounted by a flight of broken stops to the r&mparte;, whence ehe could still keep in sight tbo archway that she had come to watch. Selecting a sheltered nook among the ruined battlements she sat down atid waited as patiently as she could • for her brother to emerge from the Babterracesn passage, whose farther end communicated, as she knew, with a secret staircase, built most cunningly In the thickness of the twelve foot wall, and leading to the Dale chamber of tbe castle. The minutes paceed, asd the Bilence remained unbroken, tbe weeaB and grasses in the a>chway still uuuwvtii, Evi-lm began to urow. impatient. The . night ramp* were from th« moat, that gleamed up viut a doll whitsam and i sent a shiver to her heart, for it looked to her—Bhe knew not why—like a dead man's face. The stillness was intense; everything seemed to be suspended—waiting; the air was thick with secrets. Why does he not come?" thought the impatient watcher. She tried to fancy that the tall hemlocks stirred in the archway, but she knew that they etood motionless as death. Suddenly a sound made her start; the sound of a splash, as if a large stone or some heavy body had fallen into tbe moat on the northern side. It was not long or loud; there was even something secret and stealthy about it, something that made the hearer's pulses quicken with a sickening fear. Her first thought was that her brother, having emerged from the archway before her arrival, had met with some accident and fallen into the moat. She started to her feet with the intention of hurrying to the spot, when she. was relieved to hear footsteps comingfromthatdirection. Evidently Douglas bad either succeeded in getting out unassisted, or the splash had merely been caused by a stone rolling in. She hastened to the head of the flight of steps, and waited In the dense shadow of a ruined turret for her brother to come in sight. A figure passed below almost immediately, and Evelyn was on the point of calling ''John," when the man by some ehance oriaatinct looked back. The word died on her lips; her heart gave a bound and then stood still, for the faoe that the moonlight Bhone upon full and olear was not her brother's but her husband's. {To be continued.) 