©Ire f^tätome $mixm SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 1889. TnE annual report submitted by Superin- tendent Hinton at the meeting on Thursday of the Fire Brigade Board is highly sugges- tive, both in itself and in the treatment it met with at the hands of the board. The public are much indebted to Mr. Hinton for the courage which enabled him to set down sorüe unpleasaut truths, and they are scarcely less indebted to Mr. Hipwood, to whom apparently we owe a perusal of the report as submitted, which containa passages expunged from the report as adopted by the board. It will be convenient to notice first the general report, and next the matters in connection with which excision took place. As might be expected, the report shows a very considerable increase of fires for 1888 as compared with previous years. The figures are 133 alarma, of which forty-four turned out to be serious tires (we should like to know where Mr. Hinton draws the line between serious and other fires), for 1888, as against seventy-seven alarms and twenty-eight serious fires for 1887 ; while the numbera are said to be still lower for the three previous years. That is to say, in 1888 the alarms and serious fires outnumbered those for 1887 by 42 and 36 per cent respectively, or between a-half and a-third, an increase alarmingly high for a single year. The still lower figures for 1886 would, no doubt, show an increase for the two years of over 50 per cent, or more than half. But putting the present rate of increase as low as a third, it means that in three years the number of fires, and consequently of loss by fire to the community, would be doubled. In explana- tion of the heavy increase, Mr. Hinton refers to two causes, one permanent and the other occasional. The first is the increase in the number of wooden cottages, an increase which must be looked for year by year-at least in the outskirts of the city-as popula- tion grows. The second is the unusually dry season, which rendered house timber highly combustible, and from, whose re- currence surely we may now hope to be delivered for some years. Recent experience, however, seems to point to yet another cause. The very noticeable cessation of the nightly fire call since active steps were taken for the detection of incendiaries sug- gests that an unpleasautly large proportion of late fires was due to this form of crimi- nality, in which unprincipled men, covetousof insurance money, flattered themselves that they might indulge with impunity. It will be interesting to observe whether this restraining inlluence will continue to operate during the year. Mr. Hinton's account of the amount of work done was confirmed by the treasurer's statement, which showed that the expenditure had amounted to £3183, and that the credit balance at the close of the year had been reduced by about £150. From this first item of work, Mr. Hinton naturally passed to the means of doing it. Aud here a matter which could not but come to the frout, was the ti ¡otivenience to which the brigade was still subjected from the want of proper tccommodation and appliances. They had noped by this time to be quartered in a new a-td commodious building, and to have a mmber of fire-alarm points erected. But while they had got a new site,-and a highly inconvenient one, according to Mr. Hinton, both from its straitness and its height, a representation which was not ex . punged from the report-they were without a building ; and the railway excavations subjected them to the inconvenience of practically dividing themselves into three parties, and taking some minutes longer to turn out. We have repeatedly drawn at- tention to the folly of hampering in this way an institution so essential to the welfare of the city, and one which, as we lately showed, renders more service for the money expended on it than any other that can be named. It was thought that the Governmental suggestion of borrowing money through the municipality might have solved the problem of where- withal to build. But at the last meet- ing of the Town Council it appeared that -he city solicitors had advised the corpora- tion that they had not the legal power to obtain a loan from the Government and relend it to the Fire Brigade Board. The matter was, therefore, started anew, on the motion of Mr. M'Master, who proposed that the council should vote to the Fire Brigade the sum of 7 per ceat on the rates levied last year, for the purpose of enabling them to build premises. The result was that the subject was referred to the Finance Com- mittee. It is nothing short of a scandal that the Fire Brigade should be knocked from pillar to post in this way, and that the provision necessary for conserving the very existence of the city should be held back, on technical grounds, by this authority and that. The burning to the ground of some of our public buildings, Governmental or municipal, through the inadequate equip- ment of our Fire Brigade, would be a sure way, if an expensive one, of opening the eyes of those in power to neglected duty. "We confess to some surprise that, instead of directing their criticism to this vital subject, the board fell foul of certain ex- pressions used and representations made by Mr. Hinton, which they regarded as dis- paraging. And the odd thing is that they were objected to not because they \yere untrue, but because they were unpleasant. Passing the excision of the'sentences which, it was feared, might give offence to the South Brisbane Council, and-,-for which excision it is hoped that council will be duly grateful, we come to the very important representation made by the superintendent of the defects of the present constitu- tion of the brigade. He complained of the difficulty of getting his men together under the present system without a delay which, in the matter of fire extinguishing, often proved fatal. His men were at work during the day, and could not be had when wanted ; some of them had even lost their situations by answering the fire call. Vexatious delay in the despatch both of men and appliances was at present unavoidable. " The brigade that had to prepare when called upon for service in a city of this size was a delusion." This last word was a great offence to the board, more especially to Mr. Mac Donnell, who constituted himself the champion of the brigade. That gentleman moved the expunging of the offending sentence, as well as of some other and similar phi-ases, and " trusted the public would not believe the brigade was inefficient." In vain Mr. Hinton pointed out that he had repeatedly guarded himself against complaining of the members of the brigade, and that it was the system, not the men, that he found fault with. Possibly, too, he might have pointed out in vain that it did not matter a brass farthing what Mr. Mac Donnell or any other gentleman trusted on the matter ; that the public would be- lieve or disbelieve in the efficiency of the brigade precisely as it succeeded or failed in putting out their fires. But how was the difficulty and delay inseparable from the present system to be remedied 1 Mr. Hinton remarked that the money paid to the pre- sent firemen would " nearly keep a body of fifteen men always at the station to attend to a ' call ' at a moment's warning ;" and in his view it was a matter for serious consi- deration whether for the safety of the city "it would not be advisable to establish a per- manent force at the earliest opportunity." Il- lustrating his contention in anawerto queries, he stated that at a very serious fire in the Valley which occurred in the afternoon he found that after an hour's work he had only eleven men on tile ground. Had such a fire happened in Queen-street with a high wind and no better turn out in the same time, " it would be seen whether the brigade was a delusion or not." Mr. Hipwood sup- ported Mr. Hinton's general representations, and backed them with an instance of delay which he had himself witnessed. And even Mr. Hassall, though objecting (apparently under misapprehension like Mr. Mac Don- nell) to the term " delusion," was so far im- pressed as to promise that, if ho were on the board next year, he would bring forward a motion that a paid brigade be appointed. It would have been well, we thiuk, if the board, instead of occupying itself with phrases which a gentleman who felt the pinch of the position most naturally used, had gone a little more fully into this question of a paid brigade, who would be always on the spot, and always ready to turn out at a moment's notice. The new scheme was hinted at rather than de- veloped ; but whether it be made a substi- tute for, or on a smaller scale an addendum to, the present system, there can be no doubt that it is a move in the right direc- tion ; and we hope ere long to see it vigorously taken up and brought to practical issue. With our wooden buildings and our hot and dry climate, we cannot afford to trille with fires ; and the sooner the city wakes up to the importance of our Fire Brigade, and the imperative necessity of an equipment which shall be at once efficient and constantly available, the better will it be for all concerned. MR. DIBBS has bowed to the verdict of the country and purged himself of the cares of office. One cannot say that nothing in his political life became him like the ending of it. In sporting phraseology, he died hard. Like a scotched snake, he buried his fangs in everything within reach. Nor were his colleagues backward. Mr. Garvan before giving up the political ghost made a deathbed statement partaking of the nature of a confession. Its subject matter was finance. On this head Mr. Garvan stated that, after a careful examination of the public accounts, he found a deficit of £4,064,000, against which there were only possible assets to the amount of £320,000. Coming from such an authority, this revelation carried weight, for Mr. Garvan was not only Colonial Treasurer in the Dibbs Government of the day, but occupied a similar position in that Dibbs-Jenniugs Cabinet under whose rule the deficit was fostered to its pre- sent monstrous proportions. In support of his financial disclosure, Mr. Garvan alleged that his calculations had beenchecked and his figures found accurate by two im- partial financial authorities. But, un- happily for the reputation of Mr. Dibbs's Ministry, Messrs. Adams and Giblin, the gentlemen referred to by Mr. Garvan, had no sooner learnt his statement than they publicly avowed that, "so far from having endorsed the very serious statement about the deficiency, they would not sign the requisite certificate. They had not had sufficient time to grasp the large and complicated subject, and that particularly they were unable to comprehend how money voted, but unexpended, should be called a deficit, as the term is applied usually to accounts." It is too great a stretch upon credulity to suppose that any politician filling the position Mr, Garvan has filled on two occasions, should be so ignorant of the rudiments of Treasury practice. Lapsed votes are no novelties, but it is a new fashion to call an unexpended sum a deficit. Acquit Mr. Garvan of anything worse than ignorance, and he still remains unfit for onerous duties, of which accuracy is the first requisite. But what must be said of his chief, who, animated solely by a selfish desire of retaining otfice smirched the fair fame of New South Wales by cabling to its creditors in Great Britain tlie conclusions erroneously drawn by his Treasurer. Nor is the authoritative endorsement of this financial slander, the sole instance of Mr. Dibbs's hasty generalisation. It will be remembered that the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales refused to sanction the leasing of the tramways. Their decision on the point was largely influenced by charges or accusations of attempted bribery of members of Parliament. Messrs. Dibbs, M'Elhone, Levien, Haynes, and Carruthers distinguished themselves in the incrimina- tory line. No course remained but to appoint an impartial Commission of Inquiry. That step was taken. The commissioners selected were in every respect unimpeachable. They brought to the inquiry keen intellect and a strong sense of equity. The conclusion they have reached redounds to the credit of the New South Wales Legislature. Their ver- dict is an unreserved acquittal. Dealing with specific charges and specific individuals the report says :-".Mr. Dibbs, no doubt, made these charges in all good faith, but they are not supported by the evidence." Mr. M'Elhone's charge waa aimed at Mr. William Clarke, but he was unable to prove it. Mr. Levien shot at Mr. Clarke and " Tiger Inglis," and missed both. Mr. Haynes alleged that he had been offered a bribe by Mr. Huntley. At the time Mr. Haynes made this charge Mr. Huntley was in the gallery, and was then and there brought to the bar of the House to meet it. To this accusation the commission gave great attention, and decided that Mr. Haynes " did not make it out." Slanderous stigmata, whether they touch tlie chastity of a woman or the honour of a man, are difficult to treat. Any blackguard can fling mud which may deface a life of repute. As to the indefinite suggestions of bribery with which the tramway debate was coloured, tlie commission report :-" We have only to say that in our opinion these have proved to be as devoid of solid foundation as the more specific charges.' Thus at home as abroad, Mr. Dibbs has established a repute for repeating, to put it mildly, ill-natured inaccuracies, and the most ardent Protectionist must mourn that bia faith was preached by such a converted apostle. Sir Henry Parkes has assumed office and given an initial proof of sagacity. His prior surroundings were bizirre and repugnant to common-sense. He has had the good sense not to ignore the broad hints on this head whicli he received during the late election. With the excep- tion of the Minister for Lands, Mr, Brunker, the Attorney-General, Mr. Simp- son, and his indispensable self, his old standard-bearers are dismissed and their places filled by sturdy recruits whose names have not yet been entered in the defaulter-book of public obloquy. Messrs. M'Millan, as Colonial Treasurer ; Bruce Smith, as Minister for Works; A. J. Gould, an Minister for Justice; Sydney Smith, Mines ; J. H. Carruthers, Public Instruction ; and D. O'Connor, as Postmaster-General, will compare favourably with any Cabinet that could have been selected. Free-trade is of course the rallying cry, but a new Laud Bill is the maiden measure upon which the liberality and business capacity of the newly-born House is to be gauged. Supply has been granted to the new Ministry. Their re-election is almost cer- tain. Probably it will not be opposed. The arguments so plaintively adduced by Mr. Dibbs with his minority, iu favour of his Ministry being permitted to carry out urgent measures of reform, will apply with redoubled force to Sir Henry Parkes and his undoubted majority. If Mr. Dibb3 baa sufficient, shrewdness to see this, with patriotism equal to acting upon it, the joint deliberations of an Assembly, from which has been expunged many undesirable mem- bers, may not only restore the fiscal position of New South Wales to a healthy condition but may mould into practical form the aspirations Avhich the mother colony has, in common with its more energetic daugh- ters, commenced to entertain. Independently of this, Sir Henry Parkes has the command of the situation. Behin ( his avowed majority of four or five stan i those disposed to put patriotism before plat e or party, and those whose conviction wiis shadowed by the member for Balranald, A free-trade advocate counted as a Protec- tionist. Said this gentleman, Mr. Wilkin- son, apostrophising Mr. Dibbs, " You talk constantly of creating new industries ; but this great industry-the land-? on which so many others, and BO much of the fortune of the colony de- pend, you will not lift your finger to keep it from perishing." Sir Henry ParkeB has thrown out a life buoy to these suppliants in the shape of a Land Bill. He has tactical and dialectic skill of high order. If all these fail there remains that sword of Damocles-a dissolution. The following tenders have been received by the Department for Mines aud Works :-For tho Pittsworth policB station, from MeBsra. J. Lee, Doyle and Gilbert, J. Kenwick, Stanton and Johnson, W. Attrill, F. Williams, W. Williamson, J. B. Henderson, and S. Hannay (the lowest). For the Brisbane hospital out- patients' department, from Messrs. Thos. Gillies, C. Whiting, A. D. "Williams, E. Vallely, "Worley and Whitehead, J. Graham, and E. and J. Headland (the lowest). For the furnishing of the new lunatic asylum at Toowoomba, from Messrs. R. Offer, J. Hioks, Moodie and Morton, R. A. Dakers, H. Stevens and Co., J. Paton, T. F. Keogh, W. Lupton and Sons, Resentangle and Kleimeyer. The Government Geologist (Mr. R. L. Jack) in his report on the proposed boring for artesian water in the Brisbane district com- mences by recapitulating the conditions under which artesian water may be found. He then deals with the geological structure of the district and says that the centre of the city ia occupied by Blates, quartzites, schists, and other hard watertight rocks in which he considers there ii no hope of obtaining artesian water. In circling the city to the north, east, and south,the Ipswich coal measures approach within a short distança of Brisbane. He made traverses of them in various directions radiating from the city for several miles, and has reaaon to believe that in the open and incoherent sandstones of that formation a supply of water may be found, which, however, he does not anticipate will rise quite to the surface. As a beginning Mr. Jack recommends that boreB be put down in two localitVä-namely, at the Racecourse, and at the junction of the Logan-road and the old Ipswich - road. Should these borea prove successful he recommends that other bores might be put down at Oxley or Bulimba Creek, or where required, so long as the limit of the Ipswich coal measures is not passed. (A map ac- companies the report showing tho boundaries between the slates and the coal measures.) We gather from the tone of Mr. Jack's remarks that he regards boring as at best but a temporary and mnkeshaft expedient, and that a comprehensive system of gravitation Bupply for the whole distriot will ultimately have to be adopted. The full text of the report is pub- lished in another part of this issue. The monthly meeting of the Brisbane Volun- teer Fire Brigade waa held on Thursday evening last. Assistant Superintendent Jones occupied the chair. The secretary called the roll, and fourteen members answered to their names. The following correspondence was dealt with:-Inward: From the South Bris- bane Gas Company, requesting payment of their account. From the following firms, forwarding subscriptions to the brigade's funds-S. Hoffnung and Co., £10; P. M. Campbell, £5 ; W. Pettigrew and Son, £5; Hart and Flower, £1 Is.; Watson, Ferguson, #and Co., £2 2s.; Grimley and Hebden, £5 5s.; Queensland Brewery, £1 Is.; A. Grose, £1 ; ÍT. W. Sutton and Co., £2 2s.; N. Corrigan, £2 2s. From J. H. Marsh, secretary New South Wales Volunteer Fire Brigades' Association, intimating that free passes could not bo granted to any visiting team. Accounts from the following were passed for payment:-Gas Company, J. Dunbar, J. Bailey, and G. Jones. Lieutenant Jennings proposed as honorary subscribing members Messrs. Rumpf, Lyons, and Bailey, who were unanimously accepted. The secretary reported that four fires and BÍX false alarms had been received during the month, and the members had turned out in good numbers and very promptly. The new rules were submitted by the committee and adopted, and ordered to be printed. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the meeting. The annual meeting of the Oxley Rugby Foot- ball Club was held on Thursday evening in the Sherwood State school. There was a very fair attendance of members. Mr. 13. J. Beard occu- pied the chair. After the secretary's report had been read and adopted, the business of electing the officers for the ensuing season was pro- ceeded with, the following being the result : Patron, Mr. E. J. Stevens, M.L.A.; president, Mr. P. J. De Winton ; vieo - presidents, Messrs. D. O'Connor, T. M. Hall, and T. S. Pratten ; committee, Messrs. T. Grenier, B. Turner, W. Hall, G. Grenier, P. Pratten, and the secretary er oficio ; secretary and treasurer, Mr. W. J. Trotter ; delegate to the Northern Rugby Union, Mr. E. J. Beard. Arrangements were made for club runs for two / evenings a week, commencing the first week in A pril. Since last season the club has lost one of its best members, Mr. Harry Pratten, but with the addition of sovoral members who were elected last evening the club should make a very good stand during the coming season. The meeting terminated with the usual vote of thanks to the chairman. A preliminary meeting of leading footballers and others interested in the game as playod in Brisbane under tho Australian rules was hold on Thursday night at Moxley's Hotel, there being a large attendance. From the great interest in the matter shown by those present it is evident that this game will make great strides during the coming season. Two to three new clubs will, in all probability, be Started in the suburbs ; and it is more than likely a Queensland team will this season pay a visit to Melbourne, and play a serios of inter- colonial matohes there. A challenge cup will also this year be competed for by all the clubs playing under this association. The selection committee for the intercolonial cricket match met last night, and decided that in order to preserve the wicket in the Association Grounds upon which the forthcoming intercolo- nial match is to bo played, the proposed practice match between an eleven soleoted against a fifteen should be played at the Queen's Park. The names of both teams appear in an adver- tisement in another column. Silvester and Hutton have been placed in the fifteen team to - strengthen it, nnd so make the match more equal. The London Minstrel Tourists, who havo occupied the Gaiety Theatre during the past week, have attracted large audiences every evening. The programmo which they have appeared in will be presented this evening for the last time. On Monday evening the com- pany will submit an entirely now bill-of-faro, and it is announced that it will in all respects be equal to that which has amusod so many people since the commencement of the com- pany's Brisbane season. The management of Her Majesty's Opera House will this evening tender a farewell com- plimentary benefit to Miss Rosa Towers, the popular operatic and dramatic artist. On this occasion by arrangement with the proprietors of the playing rights, Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove, the comic opérai of "Madame Favart" will be produced for the first time in Brisbane. The company which will be engaged in this performance is a strong one, and a very satisfactory representation of the opera should be given. Sir Somers Vine, the delegate of the Imperial Institute, was present yesterday at the experi- ments mado by Dr. Germont and M. Loir, with pleuro-pneumonia virus. He will accompany the Minister for Railways and a party up tho line to- day, returning on Monday. The party will go as far as Killarney and leave by special train from Roma-street station at half-past 7 o'clock this morning. On Monday Sir Somers Vine will probably meet the members of the Chamber of Commerce and lay before them the objects of his visit. A public demonstration waa given at the sheep quarantine grounds, Indooroopilly, yes- terday by Dr. Germont and M. Loir, the French Boientists, with regard to the experiments they have been conducting, with a view to testing the efficacy of inoculation as a pre- ventive of pleuro-pneumonia. The experi- ments were principally directed towards de- monstrating the possibility of taking the virus direct from the animal and storing it in such a manner as to allow of its being sent away. The experiments were regarded as a great success. The funeral of the late Mr. Walter A. Staun- ton, clerk and sub-inspector, in the employ of the Metropolitan Traffic Board, took place yes- terday. The deceased was one of the first Bub-inspectors of traffic appointed on the formation of the board, and was shortly afterwards promoted to the position which he held at his death. The manner in which he discharged his duties gave every satisfaction to his superiors, and by his courteous disposition and willingness to oblige he earned for himself the esteem of all with whom he was brought into contact. He was a general favourite with the other members of the staff, and all of them 'who could be spared from duty attended the funeral. The staff of municipal sub-inspectors was also strongly represented, while a con- siderable number of cabmen joined in the funeral cortège. We understand that Mr. Alexander Costello, Btudent-at-law, will on Monday next apply to the Judge in Chambers for leave to appeal to the Privy Council against the decision of the Full Court in re his petition auainst the Board of Barristers, in which he asked the court to grant him £5000 damages. The Under Secretary for Agriculture, Mr. M'Lean, has received information from London that the Asperset grass seed, for which appli- cation wa« made to the Department of Agri- culture of Germany for trial in this colony, has been obtained. It will probably reach Brisbane towards the middle of this month. This grass ia said to thrive well in poor and rocky soil. When this matter was mentioned some time ago several persons suggested that Asporset was identical with what is known as sainfoin. The following undefended caseB were heard at the Petty Debta Court yosterday before Messrs. W. Widdop, J. Bailey, and R. Capnor, J.T.P., when verdicts were entered for the plaintiffs for the full amounts claimed :-C. C. Warren v. Cameron and Hebbell-goods, £5 14s.; Watson, Ferguson, and Co. v. A. M. Drysdale--goods, £U Os. Gd.; W. L. Black v. Margaret Rogers-coals, lös.; T. Renn and Co. v. T. W. Symonds-goods, £22 13a. Cd.; "W. Steele (trustee of A. S. Orr) v. T. W. Buache-balance of money, £6 10s. 4d., with 21s. professional costs ; same v. Thomas Dodda-balance of money, £30, with £2 2a. professional costs ; Graïiers' Butchering Company v. Mra. Noble-gooda, £30 ; Bame v. T. W. Garrett-balance of money, £13 9s. Sd.; same v. P. M'Grath-ditto, £13 14s. lid.; J. Jackson and Co. v. J. H. Philp and Co. goods, £4 13B. 7d.; C. Y. Jehu v. "Wm. Devine -meat and drink, £5 ; Alfred Cross v. A. Cooper-money lent, £S 10a., with 21B. professional coBts; G. R. Carlisle v. H. Kelly-balance of money, £1 8s. ljd.; L. Dascomhe v. Chas. Honey-balance of money, £1 Ils. Old. The following defended case was also disposed of :-Atthow and Bell v. G. Pullé-dishououred cheque, £G 17s.; Mi. Atthow for plaintiffs and Mr. G. Byrne for defendant ; verdict for plaintiff, no costs allowed. During the week ended on Wednesday last six patients were admitted to the Children's Hospital, five were discharged, and one died, leaving fifty under treatment. Ten of the children are at the sanatorium at Sandgate, and there is one case of scarlatina in the infectious ward. An inquiry was commenced yesterday by the Marine Board into the circumstances at- tending the recent collision between the steam- ships Barcoo and Beaver in the Brisbane River. Several witnesses were examined, and at the luncheon hour the inquiry was adjourned. The Park Presbyterian Church Young Man's Guild held theirusual weekly meetingon Thurs- day night. Mr. Leslie took the chair, and there was a fair attendance of members. . The business o£ the evening waa " Letters to the Editor," and correspondence was road upon different topics. Attention was drawn to tho success that attended the recent Parliamentary debato, several members «pressing the hope that a similar debate would be a prominent feature in next quarter's syllabus. Great Sandy Island Strait is to bo lighted by tho Harbours and Rivers Department and Messrs. Ruffell,Ctinington,Forre8t, andKirton's tender for the construction of a steam launch to bo used in carrying out the work has just been aocepted by the Government. We leam that it is proposed to place lights similar to thoso along the banks of the Mary River from about six milos north of Inskip Point to the Upper White Cliffs, near the mouth of the Mary River, a dietance of nearly twenty-five miles. There will be about twenty additional leading lights placed in the cuttings and various roaches of this difficult channel, and when this has been done there will be an unbroken seriea of lights from Inskip Point right up to the town of Maryborough, a distance of nearly sixty miles. Tho Superintendent of Telegraphs received a telegram from Cooktown yesterday stating that the schooner Marion, bound from Cooktown to Sudest, ia a total wreck in Lark Passage, twenty miles from the former placo. It is believed that no lives were loBt. Mr. E. Thorne, returning-officer, on Thurs- day attended at the Bulimba Divisional Board's office, and at noon declared the election of Mr. H. Fursden for the vacancy caused by the re- signation of Mr. Wecker. Mr. Thorne at the meeting of the board on Wednesday thought this election would givo the board a quorum without the presence of Mr. Bernecker at the adjourned meeting to bo hold on Monday next, but an unlooked for circumstance has taken place in the resignation of Mr. H. C. Walker. Mr. "Walker haa written thus to the board : " I have herewith to tender my resignation of my position as a member of your board, as I decline to Bit with a person who can use the vulgar abuse and falsehoods with which Mr. Bernecker has choBon to assail mo. I need not tell you that the statements made were utterly false and without foundation in fact." As Mr. Bernecker gave Mr. "Walker's presence at the board as his reason for refusing to take part in the proocodings, tho former gontleman may now bo expootod to rosumo his Beat and allow tho buBinosa of the division to go on. A meeting of tailors to consider mattors con- nected with the formation of the Queensland Manufacturing Company was held last night at the board room of Messrs. Wallace, Brown, and Welsby, at the Chartered Bank buildings. Thero was a large attendance. The members of tho trade produced samples of gooda suitable for the market, and entered into tho matter of the proposed factory with considerable spirit. Mr. J. S. Manwaring waa elected to the chair. Messrs. Potts, Woodcock, and Manwaring were elected a board of advice to assist the provisional directors and the management. The meeting suggested that the provinional directors Bhould take into consideration the manufacture of light tweeds of tho Belgian weights, which are at present not manufac- tured in Queensland. Whilst satisfied that there is ample demand here for fino worsted cloths, the meeting were of opinion that the manufacture of light tweeds of fine texture would prove a strong auxiliary to tho proposed company. Messrs. Manwaring, Merry, Williama, Brown, and M. Gold were elected to act as a committee with the view of obtaining the unanimous support of the trade with regard to the Bhare list and general support of the trade. The ground plans of the proposed factory were viewed and discussed most favourably, and several suggestions were made for the board. The usual weekly popular concert will be given thia evening at the Centennial Hall. The artists who will take part in the programme are Mesdames Anderson and Crofton, Miss Elliott, Herr Rosenstengel. Signor ítalo Ben venuti, Messrs. R. J. Preston, Dolphin, and Taylor. Testerday morning Mr. Virgil Power, in- structed by Messrs. Hart and Flower, applied to his Honour the Chief Justice in Chambers on behalf of Edward Robert Drury, C.M.G., SirT. MTlwraith, and Sir Arthur H. Palmer, de- fendants in the action Queensland Investment and Land Mortgage Company v. Directors Queensland National Bank, for a rule nisi calling on Charles Mills, printer and publisher of the Telegraph newspaper, to show cause why he should not bo committed for contempt of court for republish ing, in Wednesday's issue, extracts from the Daily Kens and London Financial 2?ews commenting on the actions now pending. The affidavit of Edward R. Drury, C.M.G., was to the effect that the articles were calculated and intended to prejudice the mind of the public of Queensland against him and his co- defendants in the action, and to prejudice and injure the defendants, and to hinder and embarrass the conduct of the case on behalf of the defendants, and to create ill-feeling against him and his co-defendants as private citizens, and as against his co defendantsjas holding high and responsible posi- tions in the public service of Queensland. The rule nisi was granted, and made returnable for the 20tb instant. Dr E Merck, of Berlin, stateä that there is much demand for the bark of alstoma con stricta for use m foreign breweries, vvhere it is used as a Bubstituto for hop bitter in the preparation of pale nie for export It is said to produce neither headache nor the other unpleasant symptoms caused by the hop bitter Alstoma cou°triota is \ ery plentiful m Queensland, and is thus described by Mr F M Bulevinhis "Svnopsis of Queensland Flora" -" A tall shrub or small slender tree, glabrous Leaves opposite, on long petioles veins distant, oblique, 3in to oin long Flowers in corymbobe cymes, either sohtaiy or terminal, or two together m the forks of the branches Corolla- lobos, with the right hand margin overlappnig in tho bud Follicles 3m to 9iu long Seeds linear, four to six hues long, the hairs at the upper end shorter than the lower The bark of this tree is a most \ aluable tomo, and largely used in cases of fever " The following are the rates at which engage- ments have been made for the onrrent week at Mrs Blenkinsop's cmployuent agencies - Govornesses, £40 to £55 per annum lady helps, £30 to £10 , married couples, £o5 to £G5, housemaids, 16s to 2os per week, house- keepers, 14s to 20s cooks, 13s to 25s , cooks and laundresses, 12s to ISs , laundrosses, 1 Is to 17s , waitresses, 10s to 14s housemaids, 12s to los , nurses and needlewomen 10s to Ids uursegirls, Gs to 9s , kitcheuniaids, 10s to 14s , scullery-maids, 10s to 12s The usual weekly inoetmg of the Women's Christian Temperance Union was held on Thursday afternoon The treasurer read the quarterly statemout, after which Mrs Petersen and Mrs Brame ga\ e an encouraging report of the Lntrobe-terraeo mothers' mooting, held on Tuesday afternoons It was agreod to spend 5s on traots to bo givon to the Bible women to distubuto among the navvies on the Olevolnnd Railwiy The president mtnnatod that a read- ing or a paper would be given by one ot the inembora next Thursday afternoon, when it is hoped there will be a good attendance of members The meeting closed with the tem- perance do-çology The usual fortnightly meeting of the Hair dressois' Society was hold on Ihuisday evening at tho Oxford Hotel, Mr King m the chair After a short discussion about tho next smoko concort, the business was adjourned, and tho rest of the evening devoted to harmony. A correspondent telogiaphed from Gladstone yestorday morning tis follows -"Last night it crowded mooting was hild in the Town Hall, preaieled o\nr by the mayor, at which resolutions were passed demanding from the Government a doiimto answer as to whou tondara for the fust section of tho Gladstono Bundiibeig Ruilwa) would be culled for, and expressing the indignation of the meeting nt the groat neglect shown in spite of repeated promises by different Governments Speakers representing all parties supported the resolu- tions, and the meeting was quite unanimous " In oonsequonco of a complaint regarding the water supplied to the children at the Petrie terrace State School, a roporter was yesterday sent from thia office to mako in- clines into the matter. On examination of the tank at the Girls' School, which is totally unprotected by wiro or grat- ing at the top, a half - decomposed school bag and a lot of filthy Bliino wore obsorved floating on the surface of tho water, yet tho children wore freely allowed to drink of it In an mtorviow with Miss O'Plynn, the hoad touchor, she admitted that ono of her assistants had rooontly died of typhoid, but assortod that tho malady was brought on by montai worry It vt as further stated that neither she nor any of the other teachers ever drank the tank water In reply to a question as to why the ohildten wore per- mitted to drink it, Miss OTlynn stated she could notpreventthom,andif sheintorforod theparonts would complain The tank had been cleaned out before tho Christmas holidays and then undeniably a quantity of rubbish of one sort and another was found in it Miss OTlynn strongly denied that she ever interfered with childron bringing bottles of water to school She did everything to encourago the praotioo lu proof of her assertion she called up several of the children who lind their bottles Those bottles, however, it vv as found, bad boon emptied oarly in the day by the oluldren and replenished at the tank Askod if many of the ohildron wore at presont ill with typhoid, Miss OTlynn stated that soveral might bo laid up, that the diseuse was prevalent all over tho «ty She domed that one of her assistants is laid up nt prosont with tho disoase Emptying to furthor questions, Miss O'Plynn admitted that it was hor duty to seo that the tank was properly clonnod out from time to time, and said she could not no count for its present filthy slate, as she hud allowod the water to overflow a short time ago The tank is certainly a largo and cumbrous ono and difliottlt to donn, and Miss OTlynn suggests that rough filters should bo provided. Mr rowings, the head of the boys' department, said he courted every inquiry into his sohool An examination of tho tank there showed that it was perfectly cloan The tunk in this oaso is a small one, whioh is easüy kept in a oloanly Btato The roll books hore showed that no teachers aro absent from illness, and onlj two boys are away from this causo, and neither of these is sufforing from typhoid In view of tho numerous burglaries thathavo recently been reported in and about Brisbane, Messrs Barton and White aro advertising that thoy are now in a position to supply olootno burglar alarms These ingenious contrivances aro so constiuctod and apphod that although all the windows and doors of a houso maybe loft open it is impossible for anyone to entor by thom without "sotting oil tho alarm " British, American, Continental, and Oriental goods and novelties for the new season aro now being opened out by Finney, Isles, S. Co and for full variety of assortment m all the depart- ments and sterling value in prices cannot be approached in Queensland or surpassed in Aus- tralia -[ADVT ] Attention is directed m onriidvortising columns to au ait union to be hold m Sandhurst, Victoria, under the auspices of the Mechanics' Institute and Freo Libraiy of that city There aro 000 prives m all, tho ilrst prize being of the valuo of £1000 The drawing, which is advertised to take place on Wednesday, 1st Muy, will be conducted openly, under tho supervision of a committoe of Well-known public men Mr T B Nicholson invites tenders until 4 p ra. on 22nd instant for the erection of a buck villa on the Ipswich road A poll for tho election of six councillors for the iievvly-constitutod Shire of Southport will be taken on the 16th instant Professor W B Crooke will deliver a lecture on the "Pans Exhibition of 1889" on Friday evening next in the Courier Hall On the follow- ing evening he will lecture on the " Centenary of the Great Revolution of 1789 " The Ithaca Shire Council invite tendéis for the supply of road metal until noon on the 20th in- stant Hie first general meeting of shareholders of the Queensland Beal Estate Bank Limited, will be held at noon on the 29th instant The Redcliffe Divisional Board invite tenders until 25th instant for the valuation of tho division for the present year The share list for the purchase of the BigHeodB and Lake at Caloundra has beca fully subscribed and is closed The regular meeting of tho Albion Lodge, No, 2286 E C , will be held on Monday evening at 7 30 Mr R Gailey invites tenders until noon on lilli instant for the erection of the resident suigeon's quarters at the Sick Chddren's Hospital A call of 3d per share in the Broken Hill Block Silver Mining Company Limited, lias been made, and is payable on or before the 30th instant The Rev. W Whale will preach at the Wharf - Btreet Baptist Church to moirow morning and evening A special general meeting of sbarehol lors m the Borehole Coal Compauj, Limited, will bo held at 5 p m on Wednesday. 20th instant, at the West Moreton Coal and Coko Company's Oflice, Ipswich. A special general meeting of the subscribers of the West End School of Arts will be held at 8 p m on the 12th instant to consider tho draft tules to be submitted for adoption. The council of the Toowong Shire invite tenders until the 20th instant for the valuation of the ratable properties in the shire for the current year. The Bulimba steam punt will not run on Tues- day and Wednesday next. 