Darringer's Little Joke. Bromley was seated in Darringer's office mercilessly scoring the stupidity of wives in allowing themselves to be duped by impostors who called at the house and pretended that their husbands had sent them for this and that. •• They'd never get anything from my wife," Darringer emphatioally declared. " Under no eiroumstanoes ?" asked Bromley. " Under no oiroumstanoes," echoed Darrin ger. " Then yon have posted her." " No, Bromley; we never talked it over. She wouldn't even respond to a written order." " Bigned by yourself ?" "Yes." " Darringer, that's putting it too strong. I wouldn't mind going you a ten on it." '• All right, Bromley. It is a bet." Derringer wrote a note on his printed letter head, then handed it to Bromley. It read: Doar Wifo,—Please let the bearer have my best over coat.—Lovingly yours, Ad-ebDabrinokr. "Is that square ?" Darringer asked. " Yes," assented Bromley. " Now call the offioe boy. lam to give him his orders." Darringer touched the bell, and the boy en tered the railed compartment. " Here, Charlie," Bromley said, " take this note to Mrs. Darringer. Either bring what you were sent for, or Mrs. Darringer's reply." In half an hour Charlie returned without the ooat. "Did you see Mrs. Darringer?" Bromley asked. " Yes, sir," replied the boy. " Did she read the note ?" "Yes, sir." «• Did she write a reply P" •« No, sir." " What did she say ?" " Sho said: ' What's the matter with Abner, anyhow? Has he beon drinking? He wore his best 'and only overcoat to the office this morning.'" "You see, I was right," Darringer aaid, with a grin. " Yes, but it was mean to lie in wait for a fellow in that way," demurred Bromley. "Oh, well," Darringer said, "never mind tbe bet. A few prime oigars will settle it."— Detroit Free Press. Japanese Scperst-tions. — The household superstitions ol Japan are very numerous. They are harmless, often exciting laughter; yet so entrenched aro they in the household that religion, argument, even ridicule, cannot destroy them. Some of these superstitions have a moral or educational purpose, inculcat ing lessons of benevolence, neatness, and habits of cleanliness. A room is never swept immediately after the departure of the inmate for fear of sweeping out the luok. At a marriage ceremony neither the bride nor the groom wears any clothing of a purple colour lest their marriage be soon dissolved, purple being a colour most liable to fade. If the oup of medicine is upset by aooident during the illness of a person it is a sure sign of his re covery. This looks as if the Japanese had faith iv our proverb, " Throw physio to the dogs." There are some curious ideas in regard to the finger nails. They must not be out before starting on a journey lest disgrace fall upon tho person at his destination. Neither ehould thoy be out at night lest cat's claws should grow out. Children who throw the parings of the nails into tho fire are in danger of some great calamity. If a piece should fly into the fire while cutting tho peraon will soon die. The howling of a dog portends death. If a woman steps over an egg-shell she will go mad; if over a razor it will beoome dull; if over a whetstone it will break. If a man should set his hair on firo he will go mad. Children aro told if they tell a lie an oni (imp) will pull out their tongues. The wholesome terror of the oni, standing ready to run away with his tongue, has caused many a Japanese youth to speak the truth. The Jupaneso have a horror of the darkness; they always keep a light burning to ward off ghosts. The junk men believe in a ghost who comes to them and politely asks to borrow a dipper. The answer decides the fate of the junkman. If a dipper with a bottom is bestowed upon the ghost he uses it to bail water enough to swamp tho junk, but if the bottom can be knocked out and thrown at him he disappears. Iv this last case the aot must be aooompanied by au incantation, or the ghost turns into a sea-cappa —a many clawed monster—who will drag the junk to the bottom. The Japanese are a gentle sensitive raoe, very muoh under the influence of their emotions. Love with them is a eerious matter, often one of life or death. Disappointment in love or desertion frequently ends in suicide. Sometimes the girl becomes an avenger, and implores the gods to curse or visit with death the destroyer of her peace. The passions which thrill and torment the human soul are as intense in far-away heathen Japan as in those lands wbioh boast a higher civilisation. 