THE SILVER LINING. BOOK II, CHAPTER XX, " Certainly, Miss Og'ilvie, I can aeo no reason why you Bhould not avail yourself of his invitation, if you are engaged to be married to this eccentric Colonel Tyrrell ; otherwise, you are, 1 am sure, aware of the impropriety oE going about with a young un married mac without a chaperon. I imagine there are governesses who could do this sorb of thing without criticism ; but you are far too striking-looking to pass without remark. And really" (bridling a little) "i should not feel as if I could reconcile it to my can- science to leave Valerie in the charge of a person who could subject herself to impertinent observation." This jeroration concluded the lengthy argument pro and con — the projected holiday. The "cons" had it, and there re- | nained only a bow of acquiescence on -Anne's part, and her ladyship sat alone i ,:pping her matutinal chocolate with he self-satisfied air of one who has Tone her duty manfully. (I am .(-.ubtful about the sex of that last vord. I fancy a man would have 1 iolred at the monstrous proposition ' ith ti more lenient eye, aud from a | Jirger point of view). Hint evening, Percival Tyrrell, en joying his after-dinner cigar in his rooms at tho Albany, and dwelling with a novel pleasure upon the pros pect of a long day of summer-idling under the trees at Hampton Court, or on the Thames in a cockle-shell a <!eux, or on the greensward at liich- tnond, with the handsomest nnd most intelligent woman he knew, received the following extinguisher on his rosy anticipations : — _ Dear Colonel Tvebbll,— Lady d'Hau- tuville has vetoud my holiday. I do not think she knows how great a disappoint ment it is to me. Please accept my grateful thanks for this aud all tho many kindnosees you have aliown me. ToiirB very truly. Anne. un, tne narrowness or these pup- iiotfl in buckram !" sneered Tyrrell, as ho drew his letter-case towaMs him. It was then 10 o'clock. How many hours he sat therewith his head buried in his hands and his elbows on the table, his portfolio open, and the pen ready to his hand, he never knew ; bat when he rose at last he was cramped and still, and very cold and pale, and a letter was lying before him folded, addressed, and sealed. Percival Tyrrell had spent tlioss hours in closely questioning his heart I and conscience. Por many weeks past ha had been disturbed by the conflict which had been waged between his fteliDgs and tho sceptical opinions which had become almost fixed con victions in regard to tho truth and steadfastness of woman's nature. That this high- spirited Irish girl attracted him irresistibly by- her beauty and intellectual capabilities whs not enough ; other women had won so much from him, but no more. Was there heart underlying these (suiiaeo gifts? Heart, pure and truo and faithful — Thekla's heart, in fact — and an honest integrity which would never be shaken by circumstance, time or temptation ? And then; if, after all, this jewel " more precious than rubies " existed, doGB he love her as she would deserve, to the exclusion of every other fancy or desire? Out of the shadows of tbe paBt there steals the outline of a head — a fair girl's head — with rippleB of golden hair and dewy violets of eyes, and the guilelms mouth of a cherub ; a face, one wou 'd say, of an impersonation of Spring, or of tbe dawn of the . morning, so pure and delicate and fresh it looked I in its childlike innocence aud beaury. And Tyrrell, with closed eyes, gazed inwardly at its loveliness, as he would ' have looked at a "bit" of Greiu- hung up against the bit:-.- ground of his memory; seeing its exquisite form and coloring, and feeling to his heart's core that th>-v were but canvas and paint after all. . For that angel face had beguiled him years ago, and when be had loolu-.c beyond the fair exterior, deep down into this heart, and Been the rotten ness within, his whole nature had re ceived a shock which left it paralysed I for . nearly 1(5 years; and now, when he had become almost reconciled to a lifo free from ' the joys and tor ments of love, behold' the electric touch hnB re-animatad hia sapleia heart-fibres, and a new, strange lift- pours into them its nourishing Avengtb. All night he sat with the pale ghost of his lost love on one hand, dim and shadowy, and tho living, glowing presentment on the other ot the woman whoso touch had stirred up the smouldering embers of his heart into a blaze in which were fast disap pearing all the prejudices, resolutions, lea is, and doubts which had Blood as sentinels at the outposts during all those years. The letter ran thus : "The Albany, June 25. " My DrarMi8s Ogilvie, — Tho Countess d'l&iutevillo;'B decision, of whioh you have informed mo, in relation to our projected holiday hag only con- lirmod my improBsion of her lady ship's excellent taste and savoir.viwe. Burden my audacity in thoughtlessly hav- itsg made the proposition, and Jaccord me, with her ladyship's permission, the honor of an interview to-morrow aftor- noon. " My servant will await your answer. " Very truly youra, ' Percy Tyrrell." CHAPTER XXI. "I presume," Aaoe was saying in a constrained voice, ub she tendered the precious little note reluctantly towards jj the countess, who (with an absence of a delicacy perfectly justifiable towards a J dependant) had requested permission I to read it, vonr ladyship will not object to my receiving Colonel Tyrrell — the man is waiting for an answer." " A very proper note," deliberately pronounced the countess, folding it leisurely j for you perceive, my dear Miss Ogilvio, Colonol Tyrrell acknow ledges the justice of my disapproval." " Yes ; your ladyship will not forbid me to receive him, I trust'?" ventured Anne once morel The countess looked pensive. " If he means marriage," she said slowly (Anne writhed), "why does he not come and talk with me about it? £ am the proper person; — or the earl. Hut I fear, I very much fear, that such are not his intentions." " Madame," began Anne, proudly, " the man in waiting ; will your lady ship bo good enough to reply to this note ? " " Certainly not," ' answered the countess, flushing slightly ; " Colonel Tyrrel has not shown the good taste which I supposed lie possessed, in addressing hjs note to you. You alone can repiy to it, but first let me warn you. As a woman of the world, I tell you that man does not mean to marry you ; and one cannot be too careful, you understand. ; put nothing on paper to commit yourself. I have no objection to one interview — one, remember — in your own parlor. Cecile may be present, if you prefer it." " Thanks," replied Annie j " there ia no necessity ; governesses can dis pense with such rigid etiquette. I require no chaperon for a half -hour's interview." "You are very self-reliant, Miss Ogilvie ; . too much so for your , ears ; but I have warned you ufHciently, and you are not devoid of, _-ood sense . Colonel Tyrrell is a man f fortune and good family ; he can -hoose a bride among the best people 1 know. Do not allow his pity for our unprotected situation to lead to uv folly on his part or your own. lfou may go and writo your note uow." The countess languidly closed the '.traw-colored fringed lids of her pale -'due eyes, or Bhe would have been startled by the expression flashing :rom those blazing sapphires in Anne's face, and the scarlet flush on iier cheeks, sb she moved towards the door. She had only time to write hurriedly on her- card in pencil, " Come at A o'clock," and inclose it in an envelope, before the flood-gates of her tears broke down, and she spent her passion in bitter weeping. Surely this was but tho wraith oE the beautiful, sparkling woman Tyrrell bad closed the carriage-door upon but yesterday; this cold, proud, pale creature, looking so tall in hor sweeping black silk, aud -the crown of hair encircling her perfect head. Why are her eyes so heavy and her cheeks so white, and the hand which lieB in his a moment so limp and chill ? And yet never had she looked so attractive. There was a charm in that statuesque repoBe, in that sad . droop of the rod lipu, in that tearful haze over the blua eyas, which aife ited Tyrrell more powerfully than all the rose- blusbes and dimples of his pre vious acquaintance with that eloquent face TO BE CONTINUE!!.) 