'-?,': meetings, :;,,-',-;. SOUTHERN DISTRICT. . . 8kramn Day. xne uaanciai session of the annual meeting of tbia district waa held in the Pirie-atrees Lecture Hall on Wednesday. The Rev. D. S. Wtlie, President of the Conference (Chair uiou vi iuo uisincij, 100& tne onatr. The Boc. John Colton and the Rev. E. S. Bicfeford (Secretary of the Home Mission Fnnd of the Victoria Conference) were cordially welcomed. In addition to the ministers in the district tho following Circuit Stewards represented their respective Circuits : — Pirie street Circuit, L. J. Furnell and W. Long ; Aroher etreet, W, J. Dickenson and J. Le Gorau ; Kent Town, S. Churchward, B.A.; Norwood and Magill, K. Kelly ; Brompton, T. Harry and Meley; Unley, R. Langman, Jan., and T. J. Matfe-s ; GleneJg, D. Nook ; Port Adelaide and Semaphore, E. H. Butler; Willunga, C. Lawrence; Clarendon, Hon. John Carr ; Aldgale, T. Giles. CHUKCH PROPERTY. The state of Church property in the dis trict was reported on :— Nnmberof Churches, 102 ; other preaching places, 18 ; entire cost of Churches and parsonages, £189,579 ; debt remaining od Chnrohes, £42,618; on par sonages, £4,572 ? total debt, £47,190. The erection of a new Lecture Hall at Parkside was reported, cost £650 ; Conference regala tiocB observed, there being a balance of £50 in hand after meeting cost of .^erection. Per mission waB granted to Yankalilla Cirouit to pell Churches and adjoining lard at Carraca lioga and Sprinebank, the prooseda to be devoted to tne YankalUla Parsonage Trast The Mm ray Bridge and Callington Circuit was permitted to build a Chcrch at St. Ives. LOAN F05D. The amount avail abie from the Loan Fand for the colony was £1,410, £200 of which had been allocated by the committee to the Southern District. Applications' were re ceived from Thebarton for £100, Murray Bridge (Church) £50, Norwood (parsonage) £SCO, Magill (Church) £200, Alberton £2C0, Wcodville £250. The Thebarton application waa not entertained, the arrears owing to the fund not having been paid on the prescribed date. The whola arr ount (S200) waa voted to the Norwood Parsonage. It was resolved— ' That it arrears owing to tbe fund are paid before Conference the Conference be recom mended to vote to the Port Adelaide Circuit the amount applied for.' ELECTIONS. The Rev. T, Lloyd was appointed to accom pany the Chairman as representative to the Conference Stationing Committee, and Mr. D. Davidson was elected a member of tha Homo MieBion Committee. WORN-OUT MINISTEBS' FUND, The amennt repaired was £141183 ; amount raised by collections in district, £116 14s, 6d.; leaving £28 3e, 6d. to be made up by Circuits in arrears. HOME MISSION FUSTD. Of the amount available for distribution among the Circuits in the colony (£570) £100 was allotted to the district. RETURNS, The returns for the Southern District were read by the Sscbetary, and are as follows : —Churches, 102; parsonages, 18; school rooms, 24 ; ministers and preachers on trial, 28 ; local preachers, 158 ; class leaders, 161 ; Sabbath-school teaohera, 1,055 ; members, 3,125; on trial, 79; junior members, 332; communicants, 155; Sunday-schools, 91; Sunday scholars, 9,288 ; Bands of Hope, 20 ; Bacd fit Hope members, 1,566 ; Church at tendants, 19,836. TEST OF MEMBEBSHIP. The question of t'ae teat of membership was referred by the General Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church to the Quaiierly and District Meetings throughout the colonies. Resolutions from vaiiocB Quarterly Meetings in the district were read, and a discussion enBued. TheR6v. T. Lloyd moved, and the Rev. C. T. Nbwman seconded, the following reso lution :— 'That this District Meeting, having received the reports from the Quarterly Meet iD£8, in which ,tfae large majority of the officers of our Church have decidedly pro nounced their verdict in favour of reiaiuing the historic test of membership, we earnestly and respectfully urge tho Conferenca to still require members of the Wesleyan Church to meet in class,' The Rev. T. Lloyd thought that good had been done by the discussions. Sven ocr yoncg psople had been led to examine the subject, &nd; were beginning to enquire whether the cIoeb meeting was not a neceEf ary part of Methodism. The Rev. R, S. Casely proposed &?» an amendment — ' Thatthis meetingrecommends the adoption cf the recommendstion of the Conference on the qsestion of membership, viz., 'That members of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church have their names enrolled in clasabooke, and are strongly advised to meet in class.' ' He was prepared to sustain ths class meeting aa a spiritual isBtitntion, a meeting inside the Church, a meeting for those for whom it waB a source of spiritual profit; but to make laws which woaid dismemb9r many of our godly people who did not for various reasons attend the olasB meeting, \ronld be intolerant, and he could not attend it. Baptism and attendance at the Lord's Sapper were the only conditions recog aieed in tbe New Testament. Mr. D. Nock, in seconding the amendment, paid their buBinesB as ministers and local preachers was to bring people to Christ and keep them faithful to Eira, and he thought it was possible for thia to- be accomplished in Eome cases apart from compulsory meeting in class. The Rev. R. M. Hunter said they ought not to lower their etardard in order to meet a lower &tite; of spiritual life. If they put tbe claEB meeting on the same footing aa the prayer meeting they would find it would be attended by smaller and smaller numbers. The testimony of other Methodist Churches was to the effect that th? class meeting was doomed if it became a matter of being 'fctroEftly advised' instead of 'required to meet.' Ihe Revs. J. Y. Simpson and E. Barber supported tbe amendment, ths latter main taining that in British Methodism there were two classes oi members. The Rev. C. T. Newman urged that the cIcsb meeting furnished the best means for :he culture of the yonng life in their Church. Mr. L. J. Funxell eaid that almost all 1 heir most active workers were those who were mott constantly attending class meet iDgs. If they were destitute of the working force supplied from their classes it would be difficult to carry on the aggressive work of the Chnrcb. Mr. S. Churchward, B.A., maintained ihose who were voting for the resolution were voting .in favour of dead-letter legis lation and inoperative enactments. The Rev. G. E. Rowe said that history saB ail on the side of the position of those who maintained that the abolition of the clasB meeting as the test of membership led to serious decadence. Attendance at that meeting, with the {supervision it ensured, meant the securing generally of a certain credit Ion of hesrt and life. The present PreeideBtof the British Wesieyaa Copfeience said tbat it would be suicidal for British Metbodiem to follow tbe Methodist Episcopal Chnrch of America in this direction. The Rev. & F. Prior thought some of them were forgetting that while Methodism was occe a Society it waB now a Church. If, as at first, it were only a Society within a Church, they would have the right to con duct it on the most rigid lines, He held that as a Chnrch they should 09 prepared to embrace within its borders all who loved the Lcrd JesuB Christ. They must make their classes directive acd instructive, bat not, im perative in character. What they wanted was the downpouricg of the Holy Ghost. The class meetings originally were a reaclt of Epiritusl life rather than the causes of it. Ihev must go back to the old-time preaching and spirit, and then there would be the old fire and the crowding to the class meeting they desired to see, The Rev. T. Lloyd having replied, the amendment vraa put and lost, the motion being cr :ied by 20 votes to 13. INVITATIONS TO MINISTERS. . The recommendation of the Archer-Btreet Quarterly Meeting, proposed by Rev. J. H. Trevorbow and seconoed by Mr. Lang man — ' That the practice of giving invitations to ministers is becoming more and more per plexing, and it is calculated in the near future to render tbe itinerancy unworkable, and should, therefore, be discontinued by the Conference' — was lest, only the mover and seconder voting in its favour. ; INTERCOLONIAL MINISTERIAL EXCHANGES. It was Tesolved :— 'That this District Meeting expresEeH its approval of the action of the last General Conference in ordering regular and systematic interchanges of ministers between the respective Annual Conferences, and In view of the difficulty which has arisen in carrying out the law respectfully nrgee the Annual Coherence of South Australia to support the General Con ference in maintaintngtbe principle expressed iu the new regulation for such interchanges.' SrATB GEANIS TO PRIVATE SCHOOLS. On the motion of the Rev. C. T. Newman, the following resolution waa carried unani mously :— ' That this District Meeting views with alarm the proposal of the Government toEubsidize priyate schools, believing that such a course would be injurious to the present public school system, and lead to direct fetate aid to religion. It earnestly bepea that the proposal will be rejected by Pcrliament.' \- CIRCUIT APPLICATION. \- Theapplication of the Pirie-Btreet Quarterly Meeting for the Conference to withdraw the fourth miniBter from the Ciroatt was, at tha ieque£t of the Client Stewatds, withdriyn. 