YOUNG AUSTRALIA AUSTRALIAN NATIVES' ASSOCIATION.—A meeting of this Association was held at Beach's Rooms on Monday evening, March 16, Mr. W. H. Wadey presiding over a large attendance. - It was resolved that the Society should join in the demonstrations in oonnec tlon with the reception of the Earl of Kintore. The Rev. Canon Whitington, a member of the Society who had just returned from England, was formally welcomed. In responding he said he had seen in every direction in England gratifying indications of the increasing interest taken in the concerns of the colonies. There was evident the strongest wish to strengthen the ties binding together all parts of the Empire. Mr. F. W. Taplin, Superintendent of Point Macleay Aboriginal Mission Station, gave an interesting and instructive lecture upon the customs acd traditions of the blacks in South Australia. He said that the confused form of the traditions made it difficult to obtain any precise information about the origin of the aborigines, though it seemed very clear that they descended from two distinct races, Their language was complex, acd their laws seemed based upon an intelligent foundation, 'but as a singular contradiction of character was the fact that the blacks had little or no originality. The habits the Narrinyeri were first sketched. Their habitat was in the vicinity of the Murray Bridge, and there was evidence of their having been a contented, happy, and prosperous people. They had a certain code of laws suppressive of vice and crime, and some notion of an all powerful Deity controlling from above the actions of the people upon eartb. This God had two wives, and the three were visible as the principal stars in the Southern Cross. The blacks ascribed most of their ills to the malign influence of womankind, and the Biblical story of the fall of man quite accorded with tbe ideas ot the Narrin- yeri. The Australian aborigines had no word for "forgiveness," and that omission was indicative of their character. They had a synonym for "forget," but that was construed in only a qualified sense. If an enemy offended a second time the offenoe was not forgotten. There was not any word for 'suicide" in the native tongue. Fat people were always admired. Polygamy was allowed, but a man having more than one wife was regarded with pity, because of the disarrangement which the plurality was likely to cause in his domestic affairs. It was considered unlucky and even improper (or a man to go into the presence of his mother-in- law. Infanticide was practised, but the parental love for the children who were spared was very great. In connection with the industries of tbe people was mentioned the excellence of the thread which they made in their uncivilised state— thread deemed by them to be better than the thread of commerce. They had only observance suggesting worship or sacrifice, Their weapons were ingenious and well made, but the power of the boomerang had been overestimated. The boomerang only returned to the thrower if it missed its mark. There was reason to suppose that the blacks were acquainted with psychic force. Medicines and poisons were alike unknown, but the blacks treated diseases with simple devices, and even performed amputations. The lecturer had traced in his experience of the aborigines certain traces of something like Freemasonry, with its consequent mutual ad vantages. The Narinyeri were communistic in their ideas of property-ownership They were very hospitable to strangers. They believed in a future state, and in the maintenance of communication between heaven and earth by the spirits of the departed. They had ghost stones, and their funeral ceremonies were amongst the most revolting ever known. In closing the lecturer bespoke on behalf of the aborigines the philanthropic interest of the white colonists in the efforts made to better the condition of the blacks. Mr. David Lindsay supplemented the remarks of the lecturer by a recital of some of his own observations in the interior. He agreed with he prevalence of the suggestion that the aborigines descended from lndian progenitors. The disgraceful manner in which the natives were treated in some parts of Central Australia by white men was enongh to make one's blood boil. A reserve of suitable land should be made for their especial benefit. An interesting discussion followed, and Mr. Taplin, who Had come down from Point Macleay specially to give the lecture, was cordially thanked. PARKSIDE LITEBARY SOCIETY.—An interesting and instructive paper on "Some Theories on the Formation of our Earth, and the Origin of Coal and Gold. 1 ' was read by Mr. Alfred Odgers before this Society on Friday evening, March 15, There was a fair attendance. Mr. H. W. J. Browne says:—I have Buffered from asthma for years, but since spraying my pillow with Emu Brand Eucalyptus Oil have never had an attack. 60ov Emu Brand Eucalyptns Oil is the best preventive of contagion yet known, and should be uecd everywhere. 60ev 