Ctje liajraitija peiafo. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 188a ME. PAENELL AND EDIN BURGH. Tlie gradual removal o£ the mis-. understandings that estranged for so long the peoples of Great Britain and Ireland, is one of the happiest signs of the times. Fifty years ago the average Englishman regarded his Hibernian fellow subject with, if not aversion, at all events complacent con-, tempt, and the Irishman reciprocated the feeling in kind. The veil has re cently been lifted, and both now understand one another better j with, knowledge came toleration thai is fast ripening into respect and friendship. There is now a beacon of hope for the Irish peasant besides that which, in, the eloquent words of Mr. Morley, shone upon him from across the floods of the broad Atlantic. " A new light has been lit nearer home, and whatever is just in the aspirations: of Irish nationalists meets with as generous a sympathy in G-reat Britain as in the homes of CelticHomanticisn* on the other side of St. George's Channel. The resultant of" forces may survive for a time the energies that produced it, but a period' to its. persistence must come; so, though the removal of all causes of unfriendly feelings between the. British, and the Irish may not be at once succeeded by perfect amity, the friction of better times and judgments will soon, reduce to zero the moral effect of the past. There was a healthy and a true ring about the declaration of Davitt when he renounced Fenianism for ever, that the time had come for the conquering of hate by justice. The growth of the new temper was well marked in the middle of last July when the Council; of Edinburgh, made Mr. Parnell sk burgess of their city. A resolution in, favor of the honor being conferred on, Mr. Parnell was passed at three sue-, cess ire meetings of the Council, and though there wa& some opposition, perfect unanimity, as Bailie Walcofe said, on such a subject could not reasonably have been expected. The freedom of the City was conferred on, the Irish leader in the Council Cham ber, and the sympathy of the masses was expressed at a monster meeting in, the Corn Exchange. " There can be no doubt, " says the Times, " of the success of this demonstration estimated by numbers and by enthusiasm. " The meeting, according to the Unionist organ, contained a larger representa tion of the "masses" than of the " classes," and it is this very fa.ct that gives such promise of the future. The, people, we are reminded by a great man, are seldom wrong in their in-, stiuctive judgments, and iu all differ ences of opinion between them and; the "classes" the assumptions are at least as strong in favor of their being right. Besides, they are becoming, masters, and it is a gratifying indica tion of the use to which they are likely to put the full flush of their restored powers that their sympathies are at present on the side of liberal struggles, elsewhere. The greatest of writers have spoken contemptuously of the populace. We remember the rebuke o£ Marullus, the arrogant scorn of Caius Marcius, *s well as the saying; of Carlyle that the mass of men, con sulted at the hustings, are as pitiable: an exhibition of human stupidity aa the world ever saw. But allowances must be made for dramatic exaggera tion, and the rhetoric of scorn. w.hos& common vehicle was hyperbole; nor must the fact be forgotten that reverse of the medal is also presented. The mind of the masses is on the whole honest, and though, a popular idol stands upon a shaky pedestal, this is due rather to the traditions of perfidy by which his c-laes is surrounded than to any weakness in popular capacity to appreciate an honest man when he is found. Bailie Walcot, who made the presentation to the Irish leader of the freedom of Edinburgh, said that his city had not escaped the contagion of the Irish question. It would be sur prising if it had, for there is more underlying the question than the mere struggle for autonomy. Almost con temporaneously with the proceedings in Edinburgh Mr. Henry George was preaching the doctrine of State owner ship of the soil to Dublin audiences, and Mr. Davitt said in effect that Home Bule was but a step in the pro gress to such reforms as this. The significance of the land question has been bitterly felt in the home of many a Scotch peasant, and some of the ablest exponents of it live, or have come from, across the Tweed. Xiberalism is the note of Scotland, whose philosophers and political mem bers have done much for the cause of social progress. That note ran through the address of the magistrate who acted as the spokesman of the Council on the occasion in July. " It is a good ihiog," said the Bailie, " to diagnose correctly the sorrows, necessities, and dangerous tendencies of our fellow countrymen. It is a noble thing to gather all these into our own spirit as a vicarious burden, and according to the light we possess to strive to dis cover and apply the healing balm. In a time of national dissatisfaotion, rest lessness, and impatience, he who sees with great concern the strong tendency of certain persons to aggregate in secret societies that they might redress supposed wrongs and obtain desired good by deeds of violence and blood shed, and who, seeing this dangerous energy, exerts a quiet and effectual force to arrest and transfer it into constitutional lines of action, is not only a benefactor of the lawless but of the whole empire, " This is the true temper in which to approach a great question. Many persons overlook the i "broad lines and allow themselves to be influenced by the vulgarities of per. . sonal details, taking the excesses on each side which no one could extenuate for the vital spirit of a movement. It was a wise saying of the Soman historian, and one of which use has proved the truth, that too much famili arity breeds contempt. Intimacy tends to'make people notice the flaws in one another's characters, just as strangers notice resemblances in the appear ances of the members of a family, and the members themselves differences. For this reason the bitterest opponents of nationalism are to be found among the " classes " in Ireland, and in the case of many the personal and the political objection are the same. Speaking at Edinburgh in grateful recognition of the honor conferred upon him, Air. Parnell said: " I know what my own feeling was in the years gone by with regard to the treatment of Ireland by England; treatment for which undoubtedly Scottish people were in a measure responsible, I do jiot wish to describe to you the nature and extent of that feeling. Happily all these things are gone by never to return," In view of the repeated failure of constitutional agitation in the past, the best of Irish thought-~ the most energetic and the most sincere of Irish thought- turned their backs upon constitutional action and resolved to risk the desperate arbitrament of an appeal to arms. , >, But to-day everything is changed. Nobody can pretend for a single instant, be he the most advanced revolutionist or what ever he may "be, that constitutional action during the last ten years has not been most abundantly -vindicated by its results, and that Irishmen are I not now satisfied in looking to such, j constitutional means, and such con stitutional means alone, for the future ] prosperity of their countiy and the success of their movement. " Those are hopeful, if sincere, words, and their sincerity we have no reason to doubt. S&fUKpA; HoSBrsfcfc.-The Secretary tci porta as follows for the week ended September I:-Admitted, 2; discharged, 2 j died, 0; remaining in Hospital, 13. A Fine CABBAGE.-We Lave been shown a, very fine cabbage which was grown in Mr, George MOT'S garden, on the Clare-road. No special care was taken with the regetablei and it i# a, fine specimen of what may be done by ordinary cultivation. LOHDOK DOCE liABOESES' Sthike.-We Jiave been shown a subscription ist in aid of the above, representing subscriptions to the amount of about £40, His Worship the Mayor baying beaded it with £20. The money collected is to be forwarded to the central committee in Adelaide for trans mission to England. RECEIVED.-The Australian Sketcher for September, is to hand, and contains a number of seasonable illustrations. - From the Victorian Government Statist the " Statis tical Register of the Colony of "Victoria for the year 1888."-Also, the first number of the new satirical, social, and sporting journal, Quiz. It is well got up, and, being a far re move from the style of the would-be-fanny publications we come across sometimes, should command a large circulation. STOW GUILD.-A social in connection with the guild was held on Thursday evening, August 29. There was an exceedingly good attendance, 55 being present including members and visitors, when a very pleasant evening was spent, consisting of the following : -Music, Mr. W. Greenshields; recitation, Mr. S- Smith ; song, Miss Will ; song, Mr. Whoatley ; 60ng, Miss Scandrett ; reading, Mr. A. JS. Jackson; song, Mr. J. Smith; recitation, Miss B. Thiem and various games. Refreshments were served during tbe evening. Mr. S. Mahood won the prize offered by Mr. Fry for selecting tbe mosfc words from the word hospital total, 236. The social terminated by singing the National Anthem. " Pa, do you know your tables ?" "Fairly well, Johnnie. What do you wish to know ?" " How many bushels moke a hen peck ?" THE BABBIES TBADE.-In the House o£ Assembly on Wednesday, Mr. Rounaevell asked-" By what method do the Government propose to overcome the break-of- gauge diffi culty on the north-east railway line ?" The Obief Secretary (Hon. Dr. Cockbura) replied -"In view of the definite refusal of the Government of New South Wales to consent to the 5 ft. 3 in. gauge being laid down in their territory the Government are compelled to fall back upon the means within their own disposal, and propose to place the capital in direct communication with the Barrier by laying down a third rail between Port Ade laide and Adelaide and Terowie." He added -I may say that we shall have the advantage of abolishing the break of gauge at Hamley Bridge aB well as at Terowie. ENTERTAINMENT AT AJXENDAEE.-A cor respondent writes ,?-" On last Friday evening the Rev. Mr. Fry, of Kapunda, gave the children of the Allendale public school and their parents a treat which they will not readily forget. In spite of the rain which was falling at intervals in torrents, the schoolroom was full, and the reverened gentle man exhibited many magio views of cities, including Canton, Calcutta, Jerusalem, and Borne. Yiews of noted buildings in the old world, some excellent views bearing on physi cal geography, also some beautiful chromo trope views, as well as some mirth-producing views. The children and parents were delightfully entertained for an hour and a half, which seemed all too short. I think the value of such entertainments from an educational point of view cannot be over. estimated, as the views live in the minds of the children and form a groundwork for future instruction. Your Mr. Holloway would do well to persuade Mr. Fry to exhibit the views to the Kapunda school children The chairman of the School Board of Advice Mr. W. Lewis, who had intended to ba present, excused himself on account of the rain." RECHABITISM:.-The following information will be interesting just now to Recliabites and supporters of the total abstinence cause. It has been supplied by Mr. W. H: West, the secretary of the Salem Tent, Ka punda, to which tent it relates:-" The tent was established in 1862, but made only little progress up to 1875, during -which period it was generally believed intemperance was too prevalent. The funds in 1875 were £569 6s. 3d.-or £4 lis. 9d. per member. Since 1875 the progress of the tent has been very rapid, having accumulated up to the end of August, 1889, a capital of £2,040-or £16 17s. per member, the membership being 127. from these figures it will be observed that an annual average of over $105 was made during the past fourteen years, and during that period there has been paid-in sick relief, £1,262; medioal attendance, £884; district funeral fund, £770; but against the last amount there have been received back £581 from the dis trict funeral fund during the twenty-nine years of the tent's existence, for deaths of 11 members and 13 members' wives. Gifts paid to widows and distressed brothers, £75. The average death-rate for the tneuty-niue years is one memher in every two years and seven months." This average, oar informant con tends, cannot be shown by any hut a tem perance society. Tsb Hainfah.-From a statement pub. lished it will have been noticed that tbe rain fall registered for tbe pTeBent year has been : -January, 5 days, 1*025 ; February, 3 days, 0*140; March, 5 days, 0 205; April, 12 day«, 11-175; May, 11 days, 2145; June £3 days, 3"950; July, 13 days, 0*655 inches. Mr. Clarke has favored us with the following statement of the rainfall during the past month at the post-office Day, Inches, Dav. Inches. 1st 0-300 16th 0-210 6th 0-100 17th 0275 7th 0-250 20th 0030 8th 0050 21st 0-270 9th 0020 22nd 0035 10th 0-300 23rd 0030 11th 0050 29th 0010 12th 0 250 30th 0 240 13th 0010 31st 0-550 15th 0020 Total, 19 days, 3*0CD inches, which brings the total up to the end of August of the present year to 22*295 in 91 days. In 1888 the rainfall for the eame period was as follows;-January, 6 days, 0'425; Feb ruary, 2 days, 0*040 j March, 5 days, 9*220; April, 3 day., 0*325 j May, 11 days, 2'355 ; ' June, 15 days, 3*120 ; July, 18 days, 3*690; August, 14 days, 1-275 inches-a total of 11*450 inches in 73 days, being 10*815 Isbs than in the same period of the present year. The fall registered at the E&punda; Reservoir this year has been as follows: -January, 6 days, 1*740 ; February, 2 days, 0*250; March, 5 days, 0 310 ; April, 11 days, 11-870 ; May, 14 days, 2*790 ; June, 21 days, 5*100; July, 10 days, 0 940 inches. Mr. T. 35. Smith, the Superintendent, kindly informs us that the rainfall registered in August was Day, Inches, Dav. Inches. 1st 0 260 15th 0140 6th 0*330 16th 0370 7th 0 03Q 17th 0*030 8th 0*050 20th 0*150 9 th 0*310 21st 0*170 10th 0060 22nd 0090 11th 0270 29th 0 270 12th 0080 30th 0.230 13 th 0 030 31st 0*330 Total, 18 days, 3*300 inches, a grand total for the eight months of the year of 26*300 inches in 87 days. In 1888 the rainfall registered was as follows :-January, 5 days, 0'510 ; February, 1 day, 0*010; March, 5 days} 0*450; April, 1 day, 0*440 } May, 11 days) g-680 j June, 16 days, 3'455 ; July, 23 days, 3*650 ; August, 15 days, 1*680 inches-total, 77 days, 12*875 inches, being 13*425 iiiches less than has fallen during the same period this year. At the Water-works yard in the township the fall was 2*990 inches in 14 days. The postmaster at Eudunda (Mr. G. Gibbons) has sent us the following:-Sain fall registered at post-office, Eudunda, up to August of this ^ year: Month. Inches. Days. Janutuy 1*270 4 February 0190 3 March 0378, 5 April 8-280 13 May 2595 12 June 3 565 17 July 0605 6. August 3*515 16 Total 20398 76 ggT FOBBIDDKW TO MAKET.-This ie to gire notice that all persons found suffering from Indigestion can be cured by taking CEOSS'B INDIGESTION X>EOPSV OPE PUBLIC SCHOOL.-We understand no assistant has been appointed to tbe above chool since tbe removal of Mr. Ferguson, etwo months ago. We consider tbat this is neither treating the children nor the parents with that consideration -which is their due. It cannot be that no assistants are available since Bt more than one school in town an assistant is told off to attend to some twenty or thirty children preparing for examinations for bursaries and exhibitions-a sort of secondary education beyond the scope of primary schools. We do not, however, io much object to that as to this school being kept short banded, while they have enough and to spare. We cannot see that the present head master can be expected to do as well as his predecessors if he be denied tbe same assistance which they enjoyed We com mend this to the attention of the Board of Advice. "Air EVENING WITH SHAKESFEABE."-If we were to judge the merits of Canon Whitington's " Evening with Shakespeare " by the size of the attendance, it would be impossible to place a high estimate on it; but as the value of a thing finds no sure standard in the number of those who hear it, so the audience is lost when used as a criterion to speak of the merits of the Canon's entertain ment. It is a matter of deep regret that the hall was not nearer full] on Tuesday evening. The very object to which the proceeds wen to be applied should have been-sufficient in ducement for a large attendance, and no one whose opinion is worth anything can say that the programme provided did not offer a treat rarely, if ever, equalled in Kapunda. So that, whilst sorry indeed at the 6parse audience, because thereby the Institute suffers, to use the words of the chairman, we are, too, "sorry for those who were away." The following is the programme : - Overture, " Wedding March" (" Midsummer Night's Dream") ; j reading, " Hamlet, " Act iii., scene ir.-Ham let, the Queen, Polonius, and the Ghost; glee, " O, by Rivers " (Shakespeare) ; read ing, " Much Ado About Nothing," Act in., scenes iii., and v., Act ir-, scene ii.-Dogberry, Verges, Watchmen, Sexton, Leonato, Conrade, Borachio ; glee, " Sigh no more, Ladies " (Shakespeare) ; recital, " Richard III.," Act i., scene ir.-Clarence and Brakesbury, the Keeper of the Tower; glee, "Blow, blow Thou Winter Wind "(Shakespeare) ; reading, " Othello," Act iii., scene iv.-Othello and Iago ; glee, " Hark the Lark " (Shakespeare) ; reading*, " Henry Till., " Act iii., ecene i. Norfolk, Suffolk, Surrey, Lord Chamberlain, Wolsey, Cromwell; duet, "I know a Bank" (Shakespeare) j reading, " Macbeth, " Act iii., scene iv.-Macbeth, Lady Macbeth, Bosse, Lennox, Murderer, Griiost of Banquo, Lords and attendants; sympiionies from Locke's music to "Macbeth " ; recital, " Xing John," Act ir., scene i.-Hubert, two attendants, and Prince Arthur" glee, " When Winds Breathe Soft" (Shakespeare) ; recital, " Mer chant of Venice," Act ii., soene ii.-Launcelot, Gobbo, Old Gobbo, and Bassanio. The read ings and recitals were given by Canon Whitington without assistance, and when it is remembered that he had taken upon himself to represent a number of the characters in the dramas selected, which can be seen by a refer ence to the programme, it is not too much to say that the Canon's success was all that the word "admirable" conveys, and he was loudly applauded at the conclusion of each task; The gem recital of the evening was no doubt "Clarence's Dream." The pretty " Wedding March" was played by Mr. L. Yemrn with his usual ability, as also were the accompaniments. The following are the ladies and gentlemen who so well rendered the glees-Mrs. J. James, Miss Pearce, Miss and Miss Rose Allen, Miss and Miss M. Batten, Messrs. T. D. Nock and J. James (tenors), and Messrs. J. Small and Hutchings (basses). The duet," I know a Bank," was nicely sung by Mrs. James and Miss Pearce. Mr. W. Patrick, the president of the Institute, pre sided, and at the conclusion of the enter tainment, on behalf of the Institute thanked Canon Whitington and those who had as sisted him. The Canon replied, remarking that he was glad to be of help to the Institute at any lime. A verse of the National Anthem, terminated the proceedings. THE " NAHBACOOBTB HEBAZD "- THE CONCLUSION.-The issue of the Narracoorte Herald of August 30th, was the last under the proprietorship and management of Messrs. Mather & Ash, the unfortunate victims of the recent libel case. We make the following extract from the re marks of these gentleman in bidding fares well to their supporters -" If it were no for the general knowledge of the circumstance which fores us to suspend publication, we should owe an apology to all our readers for the sudden stoppage of the Narracoorte Herald after 1,209 issues have been sent out with un broken regularity For four teen years I hare," says Mr. Mather, " worked hard and lived honestly, yet I have to go because a little truth was told in plain words. I do not regret that the words were | written, but I regret that the law of the land is so uujust that ruin can follow the telling of truth. And I regret that I am leaving Narracoorte, and that my connection with the paper ceases with this contribution to its columns. But I hope the Narracoorte Herald will not be allowed to die ; but that it will continue the life of usefulness that many believe it has had. This is too impor tant a part of the colony to be without a paper; and I am sorry I cannot see my way clear to meet the wishes of the many who have expressed the hope that we will continue ' to publish a newspaper here when our present troubles are at an end. The bad issues of the libel case have been lightened greatly by the sympathy,written and expressed, that has been tendered to me, and by the assistance offered. To all who have so acted I am deeply indebted, and accept the same as a proof that the public in general believe that the so-called libel was written without malice and bona fide for the public good." 