BAPTIST UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. -?-. TWENTIETH ANNUAL SESSION. A RELIGIOUS CONFERENCE. A conference in connection with the opening of the twentieth annual session of the Baptist Church of New South Wales was held in the Peter- sham Baptist Church yesterday The Revs J A. Soper and E Price presided at the morning sitting, when there were present the Revs C Bright, I. Hibberd, A J Clarke, J Straughen, W Coller, It J Middleton, C Stark, J. H. Pryce, L Burk, Jaegers, D Davis, C Pedley, R J. Pugh, S Hodson, W Taylor, J Warboys, Silas Mead, MA, LL B (Adehudo), E Harris ( Victoria), W M'Cullum, G James (Primitive Methodist). Mr. Joseph Palmer (chairman elect) Messrs Hugh Dixson, Benjamin Short, B Smith William White, John H Wells G W Pa o, C W biddon, James Warboys, J. Taylor, J M Indoe, Calder, Taylor, and a number of ladies The proceedings were opened with singing and prayer, after which The Rev D Davis read a paper on " The Motive for Christian Work " It was recorded, he said, in St. John, v , 17, that after the miracle of hearing at the Pool of Bethesda, Jesus said, "My Father worketh hitherto, and I work " This profound statement from the lips of Christ was intended for His defence in the pursuit of His merciful work, and as an answer to the cavils of the Jews, got up because He had cured a man on the Sabbath day But these words might also be regarded as a statement by Jesus of His motive for His gracious work among the suffering sons of men there was something inspiring in seeing Jesus finding the motive for work, for service, not in the accidental needs of men nor in the uncertain impulses of affection, but in a supreme law that prevailed in the highest realms of thought and being "My Father worketh hitherto, and I work " This was as though Christ would say because my Father hath been unceasingly working through the ages in the out games of His creative power, in the directions of His Providence, in the unfolding of His grace and because I am one with him in His thought, His feelings, and His purposes, therefore I work Thus Christ carried them up to God to find the first principle in their motive for Christian service they must be at one with God, in harmony with Him, and in full deep sympathy with God in all His thoughts and purposes toward the world Let them aim at understanding and entering into God's thoughts, that their hearts might boat in unison with the great heart of God in the purposes of His grace towards the world Jesus did His service quietly, calmly, restfully, confident of His unison with the father's will The motive for Christian service was not always thus true and Eure Was there not rather a vulgar display, a feverish hankering after popular applause, an unworthy scheming for public notice, an unhealthy fear of misrepresentation and dread lest their work should be unappre- ciated, which left them exposed to the vexa- tions and annoyance of the world is The motives for Christian service should be found in God, as Jesus found His Just as Jesus worked, evermore seeking in all He did to make manifest His Father's grace and glory, so should they in all their work serve in the spirit of the Scripture, " Whatsoever ye do do all to the glory of God " God had worked in love hnhorto-so Jesus worked love was His motive principle All His words were helpful words of love, all His works were deeds of line, love the ultimate passion of His Soul, enabled Him to endure the Cross and despise the shams This principle of love must have its supreme place in their motives for Christian service True Christian service must spring out of love Love to God 1 his love to God carried with it love and con- secration to God's cause that cause was the salvation of men They thus had three principles in their motives for Christian service- " 1st We are in union with God in His purposes 2nd Whatsoever we do, we do all to the glory of God. 3rd We Serve because we love." A discussion ensued in which the following gentlemen took part, viz , Mr Benjamin Short, Rev J A Soper, Rev Silas Mead, and the Rev E Price Each speaker expressed in different terms the hope that all would rise to the height of the Apostle Paul's representation of Christian service-a co-working with the Son of God in the subjection of all to God The Rev J Straughen followed with a paper on " Equipment for Service "One of the greatest evils in sin was he said, the destruction of man's power To restore this the Redeemer came-" When we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly " What they most needed to-day was this restored power to sustain them in all the services required at their hands by their Heavenly Master, so that His word might become the power of God unto salva- tion in all their congregations He then proceeded to deal with the subject under three heads, viz , power promised, power illustrated, and power in operation With regard to the first heading, St John chapters., xv, and xvi, were full of such promise Ino atme promise was theirs to-day, but it could only be fulfilled n them by prayer they should be filled with ex- pectancy and hope, and thereby be prepared for a power which could make life a joy to themselves and a blessing to others Power lUuatnted was manifestly beheld in the life of the Lord Jesus as they could see it nowhere else They needed to carefully and constantly study the history of the Saviour, as that would bring the daily under the influence of His marvellous life Let them be sure of this, that in the Son of God they had the true ideal Man it was in the Apostles, men of like passions with themselves, they were to see this power at work This power also revealed itself in prayer They next beheld the power developing itself in a new and startling manner in the descent of the Holy Ghost, until those who were immersed in this strange baptism, and those who were spectators of the wonderful phenomenon, were alike astonished at lia mighty results this was the true power which must still energise all their actions if they were to accomplish any real good, True spiritual power consisted in the believer's life and heart blending with the grace of the Divine Spirit The Rev Charles Bright D Davis, J A Soper, G James (Primitive Methodist), and Air Benjamin Short offered some remarks upon the subject introduced by the Rev. J Straughen. Subsequently the company sat down to dinner in the portion of the church which has been recently erected The Rev J A Soper provided Amongst the visitors was Mr Henry Varley, the well-known evangelist, who delivered a short address, having special reference to the need of greater unity among Christians At the afternoon sitting, presided over by the Revs C Bright and J. R Pugh, The Rev W Taylor, read an interesting paper on "The Function of Christianity in relation to Human Suffering" The rev gentleman said it was often made a reproach against Christianity that it appeared unduly to the selfish instincts of men, and concerned itself too exclusively about the affairs of a future life In his judgment, this objection had no sufficient foundation in the teaching and practice of the Churches, and he was sure it had none in the teaching of Holy Scripture the religion of the Bible was distinguished for nothing more than for the humane and kindly spirit which had characterised it in all its dispensations This appeared in a remarkable degree in the Mosaic economy where the interests of the poor and unfortunate were specially guarded The law required that, for the best of the poor and the stranger, not only the gleanings of the harvest should be left, but that portions of the field should not be reaped Cnco in seven years the whole land was to rest from tillage and all that grew of itself was to be given up to the use of the poor. In prophetic times no Bin was more vehemently denounced than oppression of the poor, and no virtue was more strenuously inculcated than kindness to them Among the benefits anticipated by the prophets from the coming and kingdom of the Messiah, was a great amelioration of the physical conditions of existence-a multiplication of the comforts of life-a corresponding diminution of its miseries In Christ the poor, the afflicted, and the oppressed were to find a friend and a benefactor And His conduct corresponded with the prediction He went everywhere doing good, but He saw that there was a great deal of misery winch He had scarcely touched He sought to imbue His disciples with His spirit, and sent them forth to preach the Gospel amongst the poor and to heal the sick The rev gentleman then referred at length to Christ's mimic es, stating that the salvation of the Lord Jesus embraced the removal of the sin and the sorrow. The minutes of the Gospel might he said to have struck the keynote of practical t briBtianity-to have indicated, in the most impressive manner, the spirit which should distinguish the followers of Christ in all ages They showed that the Church was called not only to preach the Gospel and to save souls, but to alleviate the sufferings of mankind, and as far as might be promote their temporal comfort In conclusion he urged at some length that the work of seeking out the poor and allli ted helping the widow and the fatherless and assisting them to a better material and spiritual position, should be taken up by the churches as a recognised and important part of church work A religion of dogma could have but little attraction for a suffering world, but a religion of love-the religion of Christ-and beneficence- commended itself to every one. The Rev. J H Pryce (Islington, near Newcastle) contributed a paper on " The Aim of Christian Service " He said that, whatever differences existed in the Christian Church at present, it was remarkable that all sections were agreed upon the design of the Gospel It was impossible to misinterpret those portions of God's Word relative to the aim of Christian service Here the spirit of truth, with infinite care, preserved the unity of the Church A matter of such vital importance was not left to the judgment of the believers in the most explicit terms, the definite purpose of his life's work for the Lord Jesus commanded his attention, and pointed to the arena of conflict where love for the Master found its noblest expression The subjects of the King of Kings were zealous to extend the dominions of their King i The greater their loyalty the more heroic their efforts 1 to enthrone their beloved Monarch in the hearts of men The Holy Spirit alone could kindle in their hearts the Divine enthusiasm that should absorb every thought, and gave birth to such daring enterprise and determined effort that would amaze and confound the enemy. The mighty battle-cry, "The World for Christ," must resound over every continent, and every knee must bow in homage before their Saviour King. This glorious consummation was awaiting the faithful. The Master had all power. The servant, then, that even thought of failure was disloyal to Christ. It was theirs to obey with minute exactness the instructions given, and to rely confidently upon Him they served, the possessor of all power. All believers were to carry the Gospel into the political, social, and commercial life of the community, and everywhere, in season and out of season, preach " Christ crucified, the power of God." The Sunday school, the prayer-meeting, sick-visiting, and all the various agencies of Church life, were successful only as they resulted in winning souls for Christ. The wondrous diversity of gifts possessed by believers all found a proper sphere for effective work just when they combined their influence, and indicated with unerring truth " The Lamb of God which taketh away the sin of the world." An interesting discussion followed the reading of the papers. ?? A united service was held at the Newtown church in the evening, when there was a large attendance. The sermon was preached by the Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., LL.B., the delegate from South Australia, whose remarks had special reference to the gift and the reception of the Holy Spirit, and were based upon Acts i. 14. A communion service was also held in the same building, at which the Rev. W. Coller presided. The delegates will assemble in the Bathurst-street Church this morning for the transaction of the business of the session. _ 